4.2560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
The Neil called 5.670560 toll free for date and brown.
Or pound 5.60 on yourself.
Are you?
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily
reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisition or the beastly broadcast group.
No, no.
Neil Rogers on sports radio 5.60 QAM.
And you've been to several places for spring train.
I know, but I remember I go back a long way to when the Yankees first came down here and
they had trained all those years in St. Petersburg and what a culture shock it was for them to leave
St. Petersburg and come to Fort Lauderdale with it, which at that time was where spring
break was happening.
You know, in St. Petersburg, you know what was happening there, Will, because you've been
at spring training in that city, there was nothing there, right?
Well, I was in poor Charlotte for five years.
When you were with the, did you ever go to St. Petersburg?
Nope.
For spring training, never did?
Nope, nope.
Nine years before that I was in Arizona.
Yeah.
Right, with the Giants.
Yeah, how is it coming over to the American League?
You looking forward to it?
I've been in the American League for five years now.
Yeah.
So, I'm not unfamiliar with it.
I'm looking forward to just starting with a new teenager.
That's incredible to me.
Incredible, what an embarrassment.
What a joke.
Who is this?
I'm not a drunk.
I'm a wrestling match.
With big, smooth men, with sweaty cracks.
They were tried to grab each other's ass.
Where we know nothing more than the tiny g-strap.
But when they rang the bell and the match was over,
I couldn't help but notice I had a big phone.
I want to be a wrestler.
A wrestler.
Yes.
And have a man's crotch wrapped around my mouth.
Yeah.
I want to be a wrestler.
OK.
You don't mind lacing someone's balls in your mouth.
I know that white sleeves can be messy and too melty.
That's why they like to rub that KY on their belly.
All right.
I want to be a wrestler.
And retaining more arms just like you.
I want to be a wrestler.
And maybe run for governor too.
As long as they attract the crowd, I don't mind going down.
Robby sees his innocent or locked with some clumsy queers.
Oh, speaking of that, by the way.
So Greg Rieg, we were talking about his horrible haircut yesterday.
Remember, he and his family went to Italy.
And they were very enchanted with the whole deal over there.
He said in one of the museums in Florence, he saw a picture of Mark Coney.
And he figured since Mark Coney was a great radio pioneer in Italy.
And since he pretends to be a radio guy in the Soviet, he wanted to emulate Mark Coney.
And Mark Coney, I guess, was the first one with that silly, baggy haircut in the out of the forehead.
I've never seen any pictures of Mark Coney.
So he wanted to emulate him.
And he said it must have worked as soon as he walked outside.
There was somebody out on the street yelling.
Not a Coney.
Not a Coney.
He may have misunderstood.
Yeah, not Mark Coney.
Not a Coney.
But anyway.
And he's living up to his case here is.
So anyway, we'll forget about Greg's haircut.
I think we may have a desk for a duck coming.
We got the catalog in there that he's looking through either.
I'm going to buy one or we got somebody might want to donate one.
Maybe we'll get the details on it.
See the problem is we got the different facts machines for different shows.
Nobody's got the right numbers.
It's all screwed up.
Good news today, by the way.
Besides the fact we got a Marlon's exhibition game at 1250.
We got a Marlon's exhibition game at 1250.
And I bet you there's some people let's find out right off the bat.
If there's anybody that's happy we got Marlon's exhibition baseball today at 1250.
Who are they playing today?
The Marlon's in the Oral.
That's right.
Where they'll be protesting again today like they were yesterday.
They'll all be out there outside the stadium going.
They're at 1250.
We got out.
Let's see.
QAM.
Marlon's central.
WQAM.
I don't give a fly-in still at it.
Okay.
He doesn't give a fly-in crap about the Marlon.
It's okay.
What he was going to say.
I don't think these people want to hear no Marlon baseball.
Anyway, we'll get to that in a second because Barry Jenkins writes something in his comments.
It's pretty interesting that I wasn't even aware of with all this countertimes going on between the station and the Marlins and the High Pinga people.
WQAM.
Mobile and Davy.
Yeah.
No baseball.
Okay.
Thank you.
So anyway.
We got baseball at 1250, baby.
I don't want it or not.
Is there anybody wants it?
No.
Come on.
Is there someone out there?
No.
Huh?
Some real jocks differ that wants a baseball game today.
No.
The next division is game between those lowly Marlins and the Orioles that are going to Cubanolest.
Boy, that's a match-up.
That's what's called a loose-loose proposition.
All right?
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Baseball.
Negative.
Okay.
Negative Tourant of Baseball.
No.
Okay.
Just checking out.
Maybe I'm wrong.
I mean, maybe two hours and 50 minutes of this year all kind of eases them into the mood for a nice ball game.
You know, sit back in a couple of weenies out.
A couple of six packs.
Oh, by the way, I've got to tell you this.
I mean, I realize that anything can be overdone, but I still say the greatest TV spot in history.
I've seen it 4,000 times already, and I just pee in my pants every time I see it.
That Bud Light Spot.
You've got to have seen it.
We're the two guys who are at the counter with the groceries.
And she is the best.
She's the Madonna cashier.
Still short.
Still, she's snapping the gum.
Still short.
And the bag boy is great.
He's like a skinnier, skinnier Gilbert without the glasses.
Paper or plastic?
That's funny.
I'm talking.
It's just the best in history.
What are all these calls here?
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Just play the baseball spots.
That's a good idea.
There you go.
I'll find him up.
There's a new general manager right there.
Just play the spots that would run into baseball game if we had any.
Of course, we've got our spots running in there and not our sponsors in too.
I have to talk about bait and switch.
I just want to say one thing.
I don't want to get involved because we can't talk about that lawsuit that's going on.
So I don't want to stick my nose into it.
But boy, for this place to be talking about bait and switch.
I mean, talk about the pot calling the kettle a peice.
Bait and switch.
Just like Jeff Cohen, wait till he finds out he may have had a spot that ran in the ballgame.
He's not going to put up with that.
He may not even bring us any food around 12-30 today.
Yeah, Jeff Cohen's got that Matsu pizza and Matsu lasagna in time for pay softly.
And this year, as I recall, I asked you, that was damn good stuff.
And since my doctor's coming around to draw lots and lots of blood today.
Hey, doctor, do a little.
I hope you take all the blood you want, sweetheart.
I want air retests that's ever been invented just to assure me that I'm still alive, especially when you work here.
Here's Fort Myers.
Hello.
Heal rules, baseball facts.
Okay, thank you.
Even on the West Coast, I hate the Marlins.
Oh!
You like that?
I don't want to make John Henry feel bad.
But they don't, they're not into this crap.
Oh, but let me give you one before we go on.
Let me give you a little ray of hope.
Because it says, well, Bob Rubin and Barry Jackass conspired to write this piece in the here old this morning.
No radio deal yet.
Oh!
Let's say, less than three weeks before their regular season opener, the Marlins indicated they're still unsure if they'll return to QA in this season.
We got our fingers crossed, baby.
In fact, maybe some of the underlings here might actually be able to get a pay raise someday.
Anyway, the Marlins are worried that QA might not pay its entire rights fee this year.
Discussions continue, but that was from between the sides.
WQM beginning in the third year of a five year, $15 million deal allegedly withheld $2 million of its rights fees last year.
And it's filed a lawsuit against the Marlins alleging fraud in connection with the dismantling of the World Series Championship team.
If the Marlins do not return to QAM, if they should by some chance not return to QAM, they move to an FM station.
Now, what FM station do you think wants to lose some money?
Huh? I wonder what they're talking about.
Do you think there's any FM station in the market that's interested in losing a lot of money?
No.
On that? No.
Oh, okay. Maybe they're coasts.
Huh? They don't? No.
Love 94? No.
KPX? No. No. No chance. They're too smart.
Kiss? No. No. No. No. No. No.
What am I leaving on?
RMS? No. No.
Big? No. No. Small? No.
Tall? No. Short? No.
I'm trying to think of an FM station that would pick up the guy named Marlins game that's in the market to lose about three or four million dollars this year.
Nine minutes pet. There's a Joe Castello by the way the star of our new big auto sport shows debuting this Saturday morning between six and seven here on QAM.
Motor sports. I'm plugging a hell out of a man. Don't bitch your me out of no.
But they'll be calling they love that stuff. You know, especially Saturday morning. They're just coming in those shot kickers man.
My third strike folks.
Oh, black.
Where you can really drive you is fucking five.
What?
Where you can sing it in a song.
Where you can smoke it in a bomb.
Where you can find five.
Are you?
I listen to the names of the names.
Okay.
Oh.
Oh, we're fine.
Let's go to fight.
Let's go to fight.
Let's go to fight.
God.
Let's go to fight.
Everybody's so loud.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And
the
the
oh
let's
yes
no
let's
let's
let's
let's
let's see
let me just tell you right now any country that makes smoking a marijuana
illegal and in like enforces all those
can never be a great country could possibly know yeah i mean like fan
covert are walking around the streets they got a big one rolled up in
their puts and a uh... joint too
anyway potgain some support there it is right on the front page of the
newspapers today uh... i'm telling you this has been quite a banner day in
the uh... news of the business to be able to have any news on the station but
nevertheless
a government commission panels finding on the medical use of marijuana are
certain to intensify the debate over its benefits to people with aids in
cancer who do not respond to other therapies
the active ingredients in meridio we need a period of useful for treating pain
nausea and severe weight loss associated with aids according to a new study
commission by the government that's intensifying the debate over where the
doctors should be permitted to prescribe the drug
the report the most comprehensive annualization to date of the medical literature
about meridio we need said there was no evidence that giving the drug to sick
people would increase illicit use in the general population
especially since almost everybody smoking in any way
nor is marijuana a gateway drug that prana here you go
here you go this is not from uh... me some pervert on a radio
that hangs out in the Amsterdam where they're all spoken in the doing hash and
whatever they're doing not for me nor this is from a bunch of doctors
nor is marijuana a gateway drug that prompts patients to use harder drug
such as cocaine and heroin the study said
how do you like that
the authors of the study of panel of eleven independent experts at the
institute of medicine a branch of the national academy of sciences
caution that the benefits of smoking marijuana were limited because the
smoke itself is so toxic so in other words you can get lung cancer from it
you can get lung cancer from smoking anything including a lot of stuff that's
illegal not to mention cigarettes and
okay i won't say that
okay
how do you like that
as this country desperately reaching just tired to get its testicles and
its tentacles out of the stone age reaching out for a little bit of maturity
like i said once the last time you read about somebody that held up a seven
eleven to get money to buy pot
huh yeah they're knocking off liquor stores to get money to buy marijuana
support their habits they're breaking into homes and uh... killing people
and stealing their adjury and planning it to get money to buy uh... you know
weed oh god
this country ever gonna grow up at least we're making a little tiny step you know
hey by the way gregg that guy said might have gone not not meant i'm our
kony get with it
you recognize me ain't sure did
all in here's my favorite this is my favorite one of the this is the best
not that you know that old slogan it's not important that you succeed but
that your former assoll employers fail
with cash running short all i can't could sell stations and there's a picture of
the anxious idiotic buddy but taxing
courses network is worth the let's see between one point five one point nine
billion in other words you can miss any meals but nevertheless since his ego
it's just like wane with did you see what a republic stock closed that yesterday
by the way
all this talk about doubt ten thousand all these stocks going through the
road republic twelve and five sixteen
yes
half of what i got rid of before i hope by the rest of you did as well hope you
bailed out before it was too late
and there's another guy he's worth a billion dollars he ain't gonna miss any
meals he walks around with a big puffed up ego
doing more statues and monuments to him and what a great guy he is and never
stole a freight train about about a beep and all this other bullcrap
by the way nice panties game last night
not lost four to two on a west coast in san Jose just gotta mention that since
nobody in the right mind stayed up to watch that including me
i watched the first period take the rest boy coma
oh those two teams to get together it is not bad and the leaves
but anyway
a liquid liquidity squeeze is never a pretty side particularly for a man like
low old w bud buddy bud paxson who insisted just five
months ago that he needed no contingency plan for his past tv network
launched dog a thirty first with a family friendly programming and paxson's
conviction that god have given him a knot on the business plan did god give him a
knot no a wink at a nod no no god set up your ass you phony bastard
he does god bullcrap you are such a phony you're such you're such a potty
mouth phony buddy but you're not full anybody anymore
paxson's company paxson communications of west pomb each disclose last week
that it's working capital had dwindled to one point eight million at the end of
ninety eight paxson which owns seventy two stations along with the network
is selling some assets prompting speculative reports that it might
entertain suitors for the whole company see this is what happens
just like he did with the radio thing screwed up all radio stations and he buys
this and he buys that because he got all that money from the home
schlock network which made him very dangerous like i told you and then he
buys up a whole bunch of stuff screws it all up reduces the value which is why
his stock is down to like eight or nine dollars a share it was uh... you know
fifteen sixteen then it was eleven or twelve when we left over there and
i would take her nine bucks a share it's in the toilet
and then he just okay well i give up on i'll sell everything
and then we'll find some other play to it to play with and screw up a bunch of
other people's lives in the process see wouldn't make any difference i don't
mind that rich people have their play toys if it didn't involve people
if it didn't involve this business especially and a lot of good people and
screw them over and use an hatchet man like peter bullsure
tonight people in the back and destroy their lives i wonder when the last time
you really had a good night sleep was people your
you backstabbing piece of swill
you piece of garbage
i got news for i took a good
this morning and i there was better stuff in the bull before i flushed it
than what peter bullsure is i tend to that right now
that's right there was higher quality that bull than peter bullsure
a man who has never met a corporate ass that he wouldn't suck
by the way speaking kiss and ass
so i get in the car yesterday i worked out of my car turned it on thinking
that hank would tell us for sure that he was only joking
on two day when i heard him sucking Greg Reed and the beastlies all of their ass
and uh... just going on and on did he say anything about it no no response
no response no
you don't think that he was serious when he was a kiss and the raster
for a pair of uh... stone's tickets you think uh... wow
god here's uh... medley hello
bill yes sir hockey rules baseball blows
yeah okay okay okay we got a hockey game coming up at uh... uh... uh...
twelve fifty
yeah let's put a hockey game and we don't want to replay last night's game
that was that was bad so far we don't have anybody it's gone over let me give
you the schedule okay we got marlon's at twelve fifty which i like that
because uh... dr. marks coming in around noon maybe pony tail come around don't
forget we got to talk to him see if he can come around twelve thirty because i
gotta be fasting when i have all that blood drawn
but then a nice little lunch would be nice and then uh... twelve fifty uh... to
four o'clock or there about the marlon's at the rials at the angkeys stadium
where all the crazy old cubans are going to be out the hell with the down uh... i'll get
in that in a minute
and then we got hang from the crystal palace and the behamas going to be
plunging his brains out over there till about uh... till what seven thirty
seven thirty till six and then we got uh... what is that he's got oh that's right
because he's done after the game four to seven thirty this schedules bizarre
and seven thirty we got not one but two NCAA games
and by the way you're wrong red coat text even i you pay very little attention
to basketball anymore i think the uh... NCAAs are great
that's a stupid article in the heraldis morning oh it's a bunch of crap and who
cares about gun zaga and all that that's the idea nobody wants to see the same
teams in it every year that's the idea you jackass it's great
well watching that uh... we were steak him and he knocked off north to a line of
their few days ago that that was scintillating man that kept you on the edge of
your seat that was great
well what would you know great co-text
and then we got seven thirty we got the st johns in merlin and then
canetticator iowa after that so we got all kinds of good stuff coming up
and hang from the crystal palace in between
okay let's do uh... a mobile in my amy hello
how you doing now okay sir
i have all of these things to tell you today
first of all i'd like to send rather massage dog crap into my private and
watch a baseball game
okay
well bring up in some over four i got a whole backyard full of
a little minting uh... uh... and a big golden retriever
you know i'd say uh...
one everybody that there's uh... accident on one forty four to us one
say it from that
and third of all i'd say the thing about the uh... marijuana yes
yama
anyway
what i want to say is um...
yama
thank you
what is me off i mean i don't smoke anymore
i've been supposed to be seven years because i i i received brain damage from a
car accident that i got in
well well in the car with someone drinking and driving
and
so it's a little call you know
yeah alcohol of the whole game we love those baby we love those because
that was a course we could have all those ball games on
i almost got from you know from alcohol but
laugh illegal
the he'll welcome to americans are in good luck
get
first
with everything happened
sciences
when the because i'm out on a show
budget
of the
it
said like twenty percent
entry a person
let's go back in the stone age which is the way they like it in the
american man way back in the store
all he did he inhale i mean uh... you know because if he inhaled uh...
that wacky weed you never know what he might do course uh... george w bush
there in texas
alcohol and got to know what kind of drugs is still i tell us what kind of
drugs he was the
uh... he's uh... the logical good guy you know i don't understand that
you can be the biggest drunk you can be a slash head from head to toe that's
okay
but if you ever inhaled once upon a time all
chicken little says the sky's falling
and that what are some of that song chicken little says that
or was that uh... thinking winky said
three weeks and counting baby biebroom and he has done it again albert
tiko the owner is extending the twelve dollar for one year offer
one more week albert tiko that is in the name of the little albert
without
ratings
up
We've been talking about tax funds ever since Cox pulled out now will work for
taxes. No. No.
The man for millions and if he's gone to work for taxes. No.
We fight waiting for hair.
You not think that it's a bummer. Yes.
And down Henry's gone. Are you?
Say goodbye to Aaron's and the suburbs. They hide around and run.
No.
And that's a matter of fact.
They're gone over for taxes.
But he'll be changing his act.
I've had to burn again Christian boys.
I just as he can be.
He wants to change the station's letters.
The WGOT now will work for taxes.
Keep the brand new car.
Taxis. Taxis.
Taxis. Taxis. Make a sign of the drop.
1032-555-WQM. Maybe we can take a collection for buddy Bud.
Don't be too talk.
And of course for Wayne. Don't be too talk.
Start buying a lot more at those concession stands. We've got three home games for the Panthers next week.
Better start buying up a lot more concessions because that republic stock is in the toilet.
Start helping these guys out for all the good things they've done for us.
Also anyway on the front page of both newspapers this is a very interesting resolution to the story about the arson at the new gate club which hadn't even opened up yet.
But opened yesterday finally the pier in Fort Lauderdale.
A man with a history of arrest for unruly protest was net when they were allegedly trying to fire bomb a gay entertainment complex in Fort Lauderdale.
Police detective sticking out the pier, a swank billured home nightclub restaurant and lounge, arrested Umberto Alvarado.
About 345 in the morning Wednesday after allegedly bicycle to the club, smacked the glass doors with a sledgehammer and tossed two gasoline field bottles inside.
Umberto. Say it isn't so Umberto. Is it so?
Yes.
Investigators began sticking out the club after two arson attempts their last week.
Alvarado 49 was taken to the Broward County. Jaley was charged with one kind of arson on on occupied dwelling and two counts of possession of a fire bomb.
Investigators say they don't know what motivated Alvarado and tried to set the fire but you can guess for yourself.
His first arrest Wednesday was not his arrest Wednesday was not his first one in the law in 1991.
It was arrested for allegedly calling and threatening playboy magazine executives demanding they apologize for women of Cuba a pictorial that featured scataly clothe Cuban women.
He was arrested again in 1993 after jumping out of federal guard's car during a Cuban protest in Miami.
And police said his fingerprints were found near the club at 3333 Northeast 32nd Avenue after the first arson attempt last week though he was not charged in that incident.
Alvarado used to train militant exiles for Alpha 66.
His 1991 arrest were allegedly threatening Christie Hepner whose father started playboy magazine because of the women of Cuba pictorial.
It was accused of violating the Hobbs Act which protects commercial enterprises from extortion and physical violence.
Don't confuse him with American law, okay?
No speak any English.
And in 1993 in demonstration protesting US plans to light a Cuban pilot for diverting a plane full of defectors to Miami.
Agent arrested Alvarado after he climbed the top of government car jumping up and down waving a Cuban flag.
Huh.
Now anti-cuba game group protest outside stadium yesterday at Fort Lauderdale Stadium.
A group of about a hundred held a protest outside the box office last night before the Marlon Zoriel's game.
They were protesting your oath plan visit the Cuba for exhibition game with the Cuban national theme in March 20th.
I think it was George Faber gas.
The hangcat on yesterday going lucky lucky and you're talking trash talking.
Oh yes, we're very much against this because you know people are going to think and cast your way.
Well, everybody there's nobody in the world.
There's no way cast your ways, okay?
There's not one person that doesn't know that he's a brutal dictator ruthless.
People get killed.
People go to jail.
People can't express an opinion.
People are living in squalor.
Everybody knows that, right?
Okay.
They're not going to go there to have sex with them.
They're not going to go there to dance the tango with them.
They're not going to go there and embrace him.
They're going to play a baseball game.
Unlike the Pope who sat up there on the same stage with him and dignified him.
Like every other terrorist in the world like Eric Farton, every other one that the Pope has always loved.
And nobody said a word about that.
I didn't see anybody protesting the Pope's visit to Cuba.
And here we're talking about a goddamn ball game just like they played you know ping pong with a Chinese back before it was fashionable.
And they played chess with the Russians back when they were all screaming communist to come and eat it right?
They're going to go play a baseball game.
We're talking about human beings.
Oh, this is Jose Alavarietta.
A real estate salesman from Miami chanted over a bullhorn at the game last night.
Cuba is run by a tyrant, a murderer, or you should not go to Cuba.
Rep, rebel against the owner of the orals.
Don't go.
Don't go. Don't do it.
Don't do it.
Mariquan, Mariquan, Mariquan.
Yeah.
Oh boy.
Wait, is there ever going to stop now?
Never going to stop.
Where's that other real good story that I was really amazed.
This is, I don't want to get you people scared that I have kids that go to school on a school bus every day.
I might get you nervous, but.
I mean, this story, this story, this should be on the front page of the front section, not the local section.
School bus driver charged with molesting kids.
A North-Dade school bus driver already on probation for misdemeanor child abuse.
Was charged Wednesday with molesting four of his passengers.
He sometimes used candy to coax sexual favors from children ranging from 7 to 11 years old North-Mondi Beach police said.
How do you like that?
He allegedly used candy.
Polarity's kid, and this guy is a driving a school bus.
Want a lollipop little boy?
We took a very dangerous pedophile off the streets tonight to North-Mondi Beach police chief Bill Berger.
This guy had previously been convicted elsewhere and fell through the cracks.
Last June, Cesar Antonio Gonzales Rubio Schwartz, owner of Schwartz, was charged with loot and the severe act on a child under 12 by Mami-Dade police.
He is not listed among the state sexual predators, however, because he negotiated a guilty plea to a lesser charge of misdemeanor child abuse.
But nevertheless, here's a guy with a record of misdemeanor child abuse.
He's driving a school bus with kids on it.
He was arrested 315 pm Wednesday in the parking lot behind the North-Mondi Beach Commerce Center.
He was trying to bribe a boy to performing a sexual favor for him with a gallon-sized bag of candy.
Want a lollipop little boy?
Gonzales Rubio was charged with four counts of sexual battery on a child under 12 years of age, four counts of loot and the severe behavior, two counts of exposure and one kind of witness tampering.
Each sexual battery charge carries up to a life sentence, by the way.
The suspect owns and drives for Cesar's bus service, which is shuttle children to and from North-Aid public elementary schools for four years.
And it goes on and on and yada yada, it's said and so on.
Here's a guy that's unbelievable.
I don't want to get you nervous about the people that drive it.
I mean, forget about the fact that most of them can't drive. They couldn't drive their finger up their ass.
Okay, you've seen the way they drive these school buses, unbelievably badly.
But I mean, here's a guy with a record of misdemeanor child abuse on his rap sheet and he's out there driving a school bus with somebody's kids on it.
Maybe yours.
Huh, what a surprise.
21 before 11 at 560 WQM, anybody interested in that ballgame coming up 1250?
No.
Marlins and the Orioles, come on, let's hear it.
Freedom and say cheese.
One in seven Americans suffers from a terrible affliction.
And while others find it funny, for those who have it, it's no laughing matter.
It's called frequent burping syndrome.
It's terrible.
I'll be on a safe or a business meeting and...
Excuse me.
See what happened?
Frequent burping syndrome.
It can ruin your life.
But it doesn't have to.
Now there's a clinic that can help.
Trained specialists.
Sensitive to the needs of compulsive belchers.
A special place known as burp-inders.
Gosh, burp-inders saved my life.
But Joanne and I were in love.
I really wanted to ask for it and marry me.
But I just knew that when the moment of proof came, I'd let out with a big rip.
No.
Burp-inders.
No shame, no guilt, no more tummy rumbling smelly belches, no more stopping in mid-sittance
to unblock a big cheesy blaster.
Just caring professionals and the help you need.
Don't wait. Here's the number to call.
Five five five two eight seven seven.
That's five five five five.
Burp-inders.
Call today and stop being so close.
1045 at five sixty W.
To QM Happy Thursday too.
Yeah, we got that Marlon game coming up today.
So far we haven't had one person.
You know, this presents a lot of real problems.
Certainly for us here on this show.
This is the by far highest rated show on this radio station.
I mean, the sports third shows they're doing okay.
But we're kicking very serious ass and continue to now 14 months in this project.
And we get bumped out of here.
I mean, two days in a row.
And here we are.
You know, we had a great month in January knock on wood.
Right?
What month was it?
Whatever the last month in February.
That was January.
We had a great first month of the winter book.
There's bonus money right now.
That there's a lot of pride and ego and grab right now.
And now we get cut down to two hour and 15 minutes show.
And we put in everything that's so far.
There's not one person even as forced.
There's no one here.
Do they want to hear it?
No.
So we want to hear from these people today.
If there's anybody out there what they think about this small and exhibition is getting right here in the middle of the day.
No, sir, this is a very, this is unacceptable.
I mean, maybe once in a while like a Friday is good.
You know, it gives me a long weekend to get out and hear a little bit earlier.
You hop a plane, you get out of town.
So you take me anywhere but here, you know, that's fine.
But Thursday and Friday back to back.
Oi!
Being interrupted twice.
They're picking, they're so pissed off.
They're not picketing against the, the oil's going to Cuba.
They're picking against the Marlins staying in town.
That's what they're pissed off about.
That's right.
They just don't speak at the same language.
That's what all those crazy Cubans are speaking about.
They're not saying go to hell for the others.
They're saying to go to hell, uh, Marlins.
After what you pulled on us last year.
And we don't care for any soldatee.
We don't give a crap.
Not that we hold a grudge.
Do we hold a grudge?
What do we do?
I mean, for Amy, if I don't want to, like I said, stick my nose in any of this negotiation.
This delicate stuff that's going on and it is in litigation so I can't say too much.
But boy, if I had the opportunity, I mean, I'll guarantee they're lined up.
FM stations are lined up at this time to lose all that money.
No.
To put the Marlins on, right?
We're still trying to figure out which one do I leave out before?
CMQ FM, you think they want it?
No.
And Esponiole.
Again, Alice Grenada is you guys want it?
No.
Oh.
Any other FM's that I left out there?
There must be some.
Um, no.
Oh, how 105?
You guys want it?
No.
Got a couple of swear.
Got Cliff Lloyd.
I never got some shows on the team.
You want the Marlins?
No.
They don't want it.
David Ross, you want about 100 of that queer channel?
You guys want the Marlins?
No.
Come on.
Listen.
We've been able to, by the way, the good news is to show you the power of Neil continues.
The Collagen Man will be here today with the cooler, with the water.
Hot and cold, by the way.
One of those kind of great coolers.
We can get like hot water for coffee or tea or a little cup of soup or whatever you want.
And we'll have it right out there in the hallway and we will see.
We will share.
Phyllis.
We'll share with everybody else on this end of the building.
Don't be coming down the hallway for our water from the other side of the building because we don't come to that.
Use your own guide, Dan Water.
No, you know where this kind of like, like right after Greg's orifice there, you know.
After Maddick Cohen.
I'm our, Mark Coney is sitting in there inside this big room with his ego in a crappy haircut.
Right there it is like a divide of the whole kind of big turn around.
And then you see all the new paint on the wall.
Same crappy old carpet.
Never less.
You're on that side.
Stay over there.
We do like Miriam.
She comes up with the checks.
Miriam, you can have all the water you want sweetheart.
But other than that, stay out.
We shout out, put a big sign up there at the end of the hall.
Okay.
Water Steelers, stay out.
Here's Coral Springs.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Okay.
I don't know if you got a chance to open the first team this morning.
I don't listen to the first team now.
Okay.
Well I had the GM on today.
GM of what?
For the Panthers.
He gave a new, uh, then what did he share?
He said he gave a new spin on what Robbie is going to be for the team.
Uh huh.
And he said that we expected too much out of him initially and he's not going to be a 40 gold score.
Uh huh.
But if we can get 20 golds out of him a year and some great defense, we expect him to be a second third one.
Oh yeah.
Who's going to be the, who's going to be the first blind center?
I don't know.
Big right.
Big circle's cause law.
The guy is a minus five.
Yeah.
How's he playing great defense?
He's not playing great periods.
And you notice by the way that it was BM who set the, uh, the need of our upper all these booze with his crying in the media there, uh,
a week or two ago.
About how all, you know, the fans, uh, and the media and everybody else.
Well guess what?
He's getting paid about two and a half million a year, whatever it is.
This is a six year of them telling us that he's going to become, uh, Mr. Hotshot.
And this is breakout year.
Is he breaking it?
Yes.
No, he's breaking our hearts is what he's breaking.
Same old propaganda from the organization.
They got their ass pasted there in San Jose and guess what?
They're right back at the 500 again.
And with the Bruins, uh, Kreme and the Leafs there in Toronto last night, which the Leafs are going through there.
You know, every team goes through it.
I was going through it.
Going through a low, going through a coma.
So Boston now ages three points ahead.
And the Panthers are right back at what they are.
A 25, a 500 team.
25 and 25 with a million crappy ties.
And Burrain may come back next week.
They're saying, believe me, if he does it, you can forget to play us.
Because without him, this is just a real, real, seriously mediocre team.
But nobody cares.
And that's good.
56670560.560 on the AT&T wireless line, whatever it is.
Here's a mobile and tavernier.
Hello.
Good morning, Dale.
Yes, sir.
I got a couple of things.
First of all, the Marlins on the radio.
Yes.
I haven't listened to them since you commentated a first 15 minutes of the first exhibition game.
That was entertaining.
Other than that, I couldn't listen to them.
Yeah.
But that's beside the point.
Have you heard anything about it?
It was on Channel 7 last night.
No.
The Pope has got out a new CD.
Yeah, he's got a CD's on.
He's got a music video.
And I think they'll be pumping that out.
The video he's doing the Macarena in one of them, that's my favorite.
I was a man.
He's got his wooden azale gore.
He really moves with that flowing gown on.
I don't know who the drummer is on the CD either.
I think it's Joey Reynolds.
Yeah.
Dustin, time off from Erosmith.
Is that Paxton Nightwork?
Is that a Paxton deal?
Of course.
I caught that just channel surfing.
And they were saying that if you want to have no more home of gay or this or that or that on Earth, turn into Paxton.
That's right.
You don't want to have any perverted stuff.
You don't want to have any Jews.
You don't want to have any Godless crap.
Turn on and watch Dr. Quinn Medicine woman.
That's right.
Well, 24 hours a day.
Thanks for them, Seth.
And they're losing their ass.
I guess he lost God's number.
That must have been an okay, great day, sir.
Butchup.
I guess he lost Buddy Buds number 5, 6, 7.
Come on.
We want to hear about this.
This is serious.
Okay. They're listening.
They're paying attention to this.
If you want to hear, there was more exhibition games on here.
It's only the 18th of March.
We got almost half of the month left with this crap.
You do realize that, don't you?
We still got a half a month of these garbage exhibition games on.
And nobody cares about it.
In fact, it's a good thing that the Cubans are down there protesting because that's the only action going on.
No, that's true.
At least that's a little bit of excitement.
You know, maybe the same old tired song, but nevertheless, it's better than no song at all.
Somebody at least pretends to be excited about baseball in this town.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on a prestigious AT&T wireless line.
Short show today, 1250, we've had movies right here.
To make way for that big Marlon's Orioles game.
Any interest at all?
No.
Here's for Lauderdale. Hello.
Hey, Neil. What's going on?
How you doing, sir?
Listen, I'll tell you something.
It's good that the Panthers on the West Coast would off the sea as much.
Yeah.
You know, because you know, you fall asleep at 11 o'clock.
They're losing four and nothing.
But you know, you wake up, they lose four, two.
They made a comeback, but not quite enough.
Great.
Hey, listen, a couple other things I want to touch base so you ought to give you more.
I'd like to give you more.
Chronic's to know.
What's the difference if I'm crying?
It is. Uh-huh.
It's not like a real-cut like either.
Well, I can't even tell them apart anymore.
Is that an Andy or a match?
I can't even tell them apart.
I mean, that was Andy.
That was that jackass.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on a AT&T wireless line.
Here's the Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Fort Lauderdale.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
Hey, I just graduated programming school.
How about we put the Marlin games on Take the Lay?
Yeah, that sounds good.
How's that?
Uh-huh.
About 11 p.m.
How about two in the morning would be good instead of the feral on the road?
Whatever we carry overnight.
JT and the abrik.
Could you imagine anyone actually listening to-
No.
No.
I mean, even-
It's costing it's-
Now, see, I will speak up against.
I know that Hank, I found out this week.
I thought that Hank was, you know, a really, uh-
Maybe brought him up.
I'm not a fucking, but he's just a, uh-
Cory, we, uh-
Corporate Budlaker I found out this week on this supported bank.
I loved that beginning of the show at Hank Glossier.
I was listening to that.
Oh, so when are you going to be an American League?
That, that was so.
Hello, Hank.
That was amazing.
I think you know, I know it was games he played in St. Petersburg.
Not.
It's weird.
Even I know that.
I hate World Clark like poison, but even I could have told him.
Well, he was off his feet, you know.
He was having a tough day.
And you've been to several places for spring training.
I know, but I remember-
I go back a long way to the-
When the Yankees first came down here,
and they had trained all those years in St. Petersburg,
and what a culture shock it was for them to leave St. Petersburg,
and come to Fort Lauderdale with it, which at that time was where spring break was happening, you know.
In St. Petersburg, you know what was happening there, well,
because you've been to spring training in that city.
There was nothing there, right?
Well, I was in poor Charlotte for five years.
When you were with the-
Did you ever go to St. Petersburg?
Nope.
For spring training, never did?
Nope.
But nine years before that, I was in Arizona.
Yeah.
Right, with the Giants.
How was it coming over to the American League?
You looking forward to it?
I've been in the American League for five years now.
So I'm not unfamiliar with it.
I'm looking forward to just starting with a new feet.
That was funny.
If you say so.
See, God was punishing Hank yesterday.
That's why Hank had like a brain fart a couple of times in his interview with Will Clark,
punishing him for kissing management to ask here.
Don't do it again.
Don't do it, Hank.
I'm telling you.
Not good for it.
One guy I count on to be my ally to have a little bit of balls in this place,
and he, you know, he must have been off of his feet the other day.
And God punished him pronto.
Oh, God.
Okay, let's do a call from Miami.
Hello?
Miami.
How do you do this, huh?
Yeah, huh?
Yeah.
Okay.
There you go.
Go off to the stadium right now.
Okay, they're waiting for you, pal.
That was my decony with a faggy haircut.
Here's a mobile invoke.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Okay, sir.
Marlin's exhibition baseball.
Yeah.
Radio.
I rather listen to play by play of ice melt things.
Well, that's a 330.
Next, we're going to have from Macarena.
We're going to have the Kaplan doing odds on it.
Yeah.
I just don't think there's anything worse that you could put on.
I'm going to have to put on your station to clog up the air.
Right in the middle of the day, no less.
I mean, it is.
We're not talking about it night with anybody with a brain or either out doing something or watching something on television.
We're talking about right in the middle of the day.
This is a black hole in the radio.
Exactly.
I couldn't have said it better myself.
It's a black hole in the radio.
Oh, I just don't get it.
Well, thanks for your endorsement and your support of Marlin's baseball on 560 QAM.
567.
I'm looking for something.
There's got to be somebody out there that's looking forward to this that also listens to the show.
We got to have a little bit of a crossover there.
No.
Don't we?
We got any crossover?
No.
Us in the Marlin.
Come on.
One.
It's got to be one.
Got to be somebody that's sitting there with their glove in their hand.
Huh?
Rubbing it, getting ready for baseball season.
Oh, good article about Joe to match you and what a recluse he was.
Oh, what I do with that.
I did bring it in.
I didn't bring it in.
I'm not going to.
I hear it is.
Oh, wait until you hear this.
This is the most bizarre thing about him in Marlin Monroe.
In their sex life, it's a very strange, bizarre.
This is excerpts from a new book.
I'll get to this in just a second.
Wait until you hear this.
The Joe to Magi on nobody knew excerpts from a new book by Richard Ben Kramer is what this is.
Joe to Magi on his life is the name of the book.
I'll get to this after the break.
But it is astonishing.
You hear this and you're going to go.
Oh my God.
Yeah.
Deal Rodgers, huh?
Coming soon to the theater near you.
The super reed is Superman.
Superman 5.
Wow, Superman.
Superman Quig.
Jimmy Olsen is drowning.
Hey, here comes Superman.
Here he comes.
He's in a wheelchair.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Superman.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Okay, right.
Derlin.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Yeah, it's a super gimmick.
Get out of here, you freak.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Nothing's happening.
Get on top.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
Okay, stop and tell me the one you're just going to face today.
I'm going to say after 11 to 5.50 WQ, I mean, if that's going to be part of the deal,
we have to see this much as Sam every day, we're moving back to the second floor.
Don't take it personally unless you want to.
Okay, so anyway, this week's Newsweek magazine, in the, this, I don't know, it says they
had dinner, Jill and Marilyn were talking about.
They had dinner together for the purpose of publicity.
Her, she was still building her fame in 52.
By all accounts, dinner didn't go well.
Mostly her PR man shattered.
After a decent interval, the Maggio said he had to leave.
He'd catch a cab, but he offered him a ride.
He never got home that night.
By her account, they were terrific in bed.
The Maggio was no stranger to that playing field.
In fact, showgirls blondes were his specialty.
She thought his body was perfect, like Michelangelo's David, or with that, Markoni.
He thought hers was as well, as he said, one voice letter to her.
Wow.
But then on the next page, I keep that in mind.
Okay, she said they were terrific in bed.
They fought, they screamed, she drank, he hit her.
In New York, Walter Winchell made sure Joe was president of Marilyn Poth for her publicity
photographs for the seven year itch.
It was the famous scene where the wind from the subway, great blue her screwed up, exposing
everything below.
Joe was enraged as he watched the photographer snapping away with their lenses pointed
at his wife's crotch.
That night there was a terrible fight at the beginning of the end.
By October just 274 days after the wedding, she filed for divorce in California.
Once again, Joe wouldn't contest it.
But even while she was Mrs. Arthur Miller, Marilyn, according to her maid, kept the picture
of Joe taped inside her closet door.
Near the end of her life, as Marilyn was thanking her psychiatrist for helping her finally
to attain a real orgasm, she mused in mid-therapy.
I'd like to see Joe now and give him a real one.
While she was in actress, you know, a good one, like so many women.
She said they were terrific in bed, but you know, what did she know?
That's shocking.
Please be almost speechless.
Here's a mobile imponvy, chill out.
Yes, hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'm going to cover a st. Louis Cardinal baseball preseason.
Oh, how boring.
Oh, I know.
I have to shoot the hosts that are boring.
That's worse than listening to it on the radio.
I mean, but at least they're paying me.
Okay, listen, take some photos and have a good time.
Well, he sounds like he's already on the verge of a coma, doesn't he?
I sounded like he was well on his way to a deep sleep.
Here's a mobile and Kate Coral.
Hello.
Mobile and Kate Coral.
Going once.
Huh?
Yes, sir.
Speak to me.
Yes, I want to hear some about the Marlon baseball.
And I'd like to hear lotion in the basket.
You want to hear something about the Marlon baseball?
Yeah.
Well, what does that mean?
I want to find out what's going on.
Why do they suck?
Okay, there's a guy wants to hear something about why the Marlon suck.
And he says it puts the lotion in his basket or say he said put the Joe to measure when
the casket, I think is what he said, open line and date one and brown.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I mean, seriously, just even talking about this is putting me in a work coma.
12, 50 back to back days.
Okay, not that I'm complaining about the time off, but I think that the audience is getting
screwed.
I'm getting screwed because when the numbers come out, there should be an asterisk next
to it.
I mean, this is going to be how many of this is like the third and fourth of these we've
had, I believe, or we had what?
Yeah, this is now today's number three, the number four and got only notes since it's
done there on the second four we haven't brought the schedule up yet.
As the beach boys would say, got only knows how many more of these crappy right in the middle
to extra big when I even talking about games that count, even assuming that there were people
out there who care who don't.
These are games that are like kids out there in a sand lot plan as far as how much they
mean.
I hope we have 50,000 Cubans out there protesting today, even if they don't care about the
Orioles going to Cuba, just protesting something, just for a little excitement out there at
the stadium.
Here's Fort Lauderdale, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Two things.
First of all, we only listen to you.
We don't tune in to your radio station any other time unless you're there.
So when you go off the air today, we go to another channel.
In other words, we'll be able to hear the sounds of dials clicking all over town at the
1250 today.
That's correct.
We also started in here that we wish that it was the Marlin playing with Cubans instead
of Baltimore.
That way the people could be protesting over who's going to be the home team.
Okay, over something with gentlemen.
Yeah.
Hey, well, thanks, Neil.
And we'll be listening to you until 1250 and then we'll back to that.
Okay, I still can't hold me this.
Thank you.
Okay.
Good point.
That was good.
I like that line.
Yeah, that George Fabergass cut the crap.
Okay.
Jorge cut the bullcrap George.
I heard that bull yesterday.
Oh, yeah.
We're very opposed to this.
And what can we do?
What can we do?
I think, yeah, I'm doing this L Martino routine.
You know, what can I do?
Godfather.
Yeah, act like a man.
Okay.
Watch out and cut the bullcrap or send you back to you of them.
Okay, Jorge.
Oh, yeah.
The people who were watching today was a good guy.
Oh, God.
It's same old tired garbage man.
The same old.
He's a bastard.
We hate him.
He's a prick.
He's a dick tater.
He's a dick tater.
Okay.
Is there any doubt about that?
Okay.
Next topic.
Then, you know, just restating the obvious over and over and over again.
You know, and what about that?
You have to have put in those women a cuba in there.
What do you think about that?
Sure pork me off.
You can't go fuck yourself.
Good by Florida's teeth.
Nice, wild and lasting.
By lading the Florida tradition of apathy when you taste the gaze too well.
Next season will be here.
Yes.
Thanks to that polypacer.
Wiling down how he lost his lunch money so he gave you up like a thousand cents
of noshpa.
And now you're all gonna live after what you achieve to where a world series makes.
Yes.
The flight you've made in will be co-cheats of all A again.
The beat counters don't sell no dollar.
How hard you try.
I'd like to see ways of it to a side.
Jump off this wall and inside.
All right.
Good by Florida's teeth.
A darn good thing that you played in day-county cause of our day-task.
The law against anything that too much fun.
And when the panthers come.
Squared toward you there to arena.
I wouldn't be the problem if I'd thank a kill them up.
Should they ever win the Stanley Cup.
And now you're all gonna live after what you achieve to where a world series makes.
The flight you've made in will be co-cheats of all A again.
The beat counters don't sell no dollar.
How hard you try.
I'd like to see ways of it to a side.
Jump off this wall and inside.
Love the 15th is fine.
I'm just gonna be trying to see the watch cover hit it right on the head.
It's like putting a big black hole right in the middle of the daytime here.
Taking a valuable airtime from this show from Hank show.
All those great interviews that Hank does like the one with Will Clark yesterday.
Slot poker machines out of roll.
This article says I told you there's some good news today.
Ow!
Have you ever seen his got problems?
He's only worth what?
One and a half big and something like that.
He's got some real tourists.
A buildup would allow electronic poker and slot machines in racetracks and high-life frontons.
Cruise through the house regulated service committee in town last year.
On an 8-2.
8-2 nothing vote.
All right.
Oh, it's about time.
You know, they've been doing this in other places for a while now.
And as usual, we're a dollar late and 50 years short.
Or is it the other way around?
Representative Dave Vittner, Republican of Port Charlotte, the bill sponsor said it would not expand gambling.
Because it confines the machines to places where gambling is already going on.
That makes sense to me, Dave.
Right on, baby.
Get some damn money in these joints and keep them alive and give us something to do there.
I know my friend Ted Snell must be having a party in his pants over this.
This is only a first ever course.
The past committee.
It's the guy to go through the entire legislature.
But this is a good start.
School children as well as per mutual facilities will benefit of the estimated $10 billion that gamblers would spend in the machines.
The state would collect an average of 10% or $1 billion a year.
Of that, $280 million would be used for construction of schools.
Another 100 million would be used for programs for senior citizens.
Oh, there you go.
Now we're going to take care of everybody, baby.
Roughly 600 million year will be returned to per mutual facilities.
At least a million a year would go to programs that help problem gamblers like head camp on.
There you go.
We've got everybody covered.
I love it.
Let's do it like right starting tonight at Poppital Park.
Let's on on Mastos.
And of course, you know who's going to be psychotic?
Bobby Butterworth.
That's right.
Those evil slot machines.
They all have that same number 666.
El Anticlisto is hiding inside every slot machine in the world.
That's what Bobby Butterworth says.
You know what we say about Bobby Butterworth?
He's an asshole.
Big time.
Idiot.
Jackass.
I wonder how much money the taxpayers had a foot to build for for that big Ken Jenny raid.
Along with Bobby Butterworth.
On the cruise ships where they had to bring them back all their slot machines and give everybody back their money.
How much did that cost us for that fiasco?
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Kendall.
Yes, hey, they're new.
Okay.
A couple of things.
I'd like to say that I am a sports fanatic and I love sports.
But you could not pay me to watch them until we're into the most games.
How many 50s?
You know, I mean, that's just how many?
How about 100 bucks?
Now, no, nothing.
How about if we pay everybody $5,000 to listen to the Marlon game?
I think that you probably then get people to listen to it.
For a couple of minutes.
Maybe for half an inning.
Yeah, maybe for half an inning.
I went once to a preseason game and I'll tell you.
They're boring to be asked and let alone to sit there and listen to a radio on the game means nothing.
And the Marlon's are horrible.
And he's got horrible team and a meeting with me.
What track were they smoking when they decided to put this on in the middle of the day?
Now those old Cubans are outside protesting screaming to hell with Fidel.
I mean, what is that?
I don't know.
Who needs that?
I'll say I think I'd rather listen to Spanish radio.
But anyway, I know how to do that.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
Okay, there's a guy that's just like me with the exhibition hockey games.
I love hockey, you know that.
I'm a maniac.
But do I even go to the, I have free tickets.
Do I go to the exhibition hockey games?
No.
Not a chance.
Not on your life, mister.
Even when they were inaugurating the new Mac Arena, they were playing exhibition games that I go.
No.
Exhibition any game is like, it's like listening to paint dry on the phone.
Not just listening to paint dry, but listening to it over the telephone long distance.
That's how boring that is.
And I wonder how that, what kind of a deal they got, you know, this whole deal and they're all in court,
and they're all screaming and yelling back at each other.
What kind of a deal that we had that were forced to carry exhibition baseball games in the middle of the day time?
And God forbid you, you know, why not getting UM sports, which I don't think that's final, but it's got to be close.
I mean, it's a done deal.
I'm pretty sure we want to get a UM sports.
And as much as I cherish the memory of my six years broadcasting UM baseball a hundred years ago, that was a lot of fun.
But once you get into those regionals in the college world series, not another stuff which the Hercune's do just about every year,
a lot of those games are like right there in the middle of the day time.
Those get big numbers, huh?
No.
Oh, boy.
Whoa.
You can just smell that bonus money going by by.
Here's Kendall.
Neil, good afternoon.
Yes, sir.
I was in late last night.
I saw the first four goals.
It was a flat, kind of flat.
It was like the Boston game a couple weeks ago.
It was terrible.
We were skating in soup.
Oh, my God.
We were just terminal.
You know, but San Jose wasn't much better.
We were just flat.
We just got to come back.
Every time we had a team, our game was played, it's a coma game.
Well, that's the first time in six that there's been a decision.
So anyways, I don't dislike the Marlins.
I'm not going to listen to them because I'm just the last strike.
I've given up on baseball.
I think the majority of the players are just prostitutes.
Yeah.
So the last strike and then, of course, these ridiculous salaries because of this thing.
Four teams in five years.
That was the end for me.
I can't admit.
They're all about your horse.
You're right.
That's it.
And I've been a Yankee fan and a brave fan.
And I haven't watched in over four years.
And I'm not going to.
But I don't boo the Marlins.
You know, you want a local team to do well, but not with my buck.
Okay.
You know what I object to is it's not good business.
You're top rated show.
I mean, you're the only time during the day where there's a break from the sports.
And the next draft, the marino.
I mean, oh my god.
What is wrong with Florida Marlins baseball joined in progress?
Why not that?
Two o'clock.
Exactly.
I'm good in mind.
Well, he's over there and no, he's in Bahamas.
The crystal palace.
Then I wouldn't infringe on his gambling.
And that guy that just phone, you know, he's right for 20 years.
I've had to buy exhibition football tickets.
They come with the packages.
That's the ones that will throw your money away.
Right.
That's right.
I'm on fire with it.
Well, we hope Florida can come back.
Have a nice day.
Okay.
Thank you.
Okay.
We got a couple open lines here.
We got another hour and a half to kill until 1250.
And then we're out of here, man.
We're gone.
Van Luse.
Stay tuned by the way for my doctor coming in taking a gallon of blood.
He just called.
And said he's on his way.
All right.
Dr. Doleville.
I mean, Dr. Mark is on his way.
Dr. LaPort is a great guy.
Good to tag in point.
Ever stole a freight train.
He means well.
He don't do much, but he's a good guy.
Comes all the way up here to take my blood.
This is the second time, by the way.
So I can't say he don't do much.
Well, after he takes the blood, he don't do much.
Huh?
He's a minimalist.
That's his approach.
I like that word.
Because if you look up the word in the dictionary,
you'll see Dr. Doleville's picture next to it.
He's a minimalist.
He doesn't like overreacting, giving you a lot of drugs.
He likes taking it slow and easy, and see if you stay alive.
And then if you do, then we might do something down the road.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
We're searching desperately for somebody, for some reaction to these Marlin exhibition games here in the middle of the day time.
Saus or no sauce?
I'm going to put your pardon on your, uh, little bit of sauce.
Of course, a little bit of sauce.
Crazy.
I mean, on your pizza and lasagna, Jeff Cohen, like I said, is doing because it's almost pay soft again.
The thing you did last year,
Matsu pizza and Matsu lasagna.
Good stuff, too, by the way.
Now, on your pizza and lasagna, you want a little bit of tomato sauce, which is good to fight prostate cancer.
Squirt, squirt.
That's right.
But niecey over there, it chucks.
We don't want sauce on our balls.
On your pizza and lasagna, you want sauce, but you certainly don't want no sauce.
Squirt, squirt.
On your balls.
I like it.
Especially if it's chocolate and salty.
That's what Roy said.
5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's Port St. Lucy.
Hello.
Okay, nice talking to you, too.
23 minutes to hang on there.
And then when the magic moment came, he, uh, crept on.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Okay.
Okay, down to two calls in the board.
You got a short show today.
And the audience can't keep it up until 1250.
You know something.
I'm beginning to think it's a good idea.
We got the marlins on there.
There's no interest in the show.
I got more.
We got pot on our front page.
We got slot machines at the tracks coming.
Maybe it looks pretty good.
We got crazy old Cuban trying to burn down a guy named gay club there for a lot of day.
It was all pissed off about you.
Have there put in a Cuban woman naked in Playboy magazine.
We got buddy about passion losing his ass.
We got 50 billion things going on here in the naked city.
I thought this morning it was going to be sizzling today.
Smoking.
And guess what?
Same old, you know, you deserve the ball game, folks.
You don't deserve a guy that comes in here with a little bit of energy like me.
Here's your last chance.
Okay.
And then I'm going to play a.
And you've been to several places for spring training.
I'm going to play that the whole rest of the show today.
If you guys don't put you up and get with it again on the stick.
5 6 7.
I will.
Clark.
5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 on the mobile one line.
Let's get with it.
Given you something very.
The management of radio station is listening carefully.
Okay.
They're in broad and this big legal account of tops with a Wayne and a Marlins people.
And you're sitting out there, mums the word all the time, mums the word.
How you doing, mums?
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hi, God.
Yes, sir.
I think I was just picking up.
Just jealous.
I'm not going to be welcome if they ever go back, right?
There's Sam again sticking his ass in the door here.
And sitting down by their.
And my producer while the show is going on.
What is it?
Can you play a crack city?
Don't wink at me.
Okay, Sam.
Believe me.
I wouldn't touch you with George's hand.
You want to play okay.
I'll work on it.
See, I'm a little bit.
I realize I thought once we're up here because we're in the room.
It's got no windows on it.
We got a nice big heavy door which we can't lock from the inside by the way.
I just thought I'd mention that.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
Are following these numbers now.
Watch the bouncing ball.
5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 on the mobile one line.
We pay for the mobile call.
And we still can't really get these.
I'm talking about some motivation here today.
I'm going to have them put all the exhibition games on a few folks don't care
with it because like I said, I think there's better better response for the Marlin games than there is for me.
Passive, passive, passive, sit back and take.
You have nothing in return.
Sounds pretty good.
Here's a lady in Pepperpine.
Tell her.
Hi Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
I don't care about the Marlin theater.
When you go off, I turn my radio off.
Listen.
Do you win the Marlins Zarnon like when Hank is on you turn it off?
Oh, yeah.
I'm afraid I'm not into sports.
That's okay.
Do you get HBO?
After hearing that interview yesterday, I don't think he is either.
Yes, I do.
I don't watch it, though.
Listen, there's something on that's really good.
It's going to be on around one...
You have to put your views on...
Are we not putting it in here?
Pardon me?
But I'll be home by then.
Well, I'll be home by one by one, 30 maybe.
No, no, no, one a.m.
You have to tape this.
It's called private dicks.
It's about men talking about their penises.
I haven't seen that, but I read about it, yes.
Oh, I saw a few minutes of it.
It looks pretty good.
Now, I did before after they splited under the partition in the restroom.
They could...
I don't know.
They might get to that.
I don't know.
Does I sure like to see how they do that?
Yeah.
Well, I wouldn't...
Thank you.
I don't mean I'm close in personal.
I mean from a distance.
Oh, listen.
Did you mention the news that was so important last week.
Yes.
They said in the news that they found out that circumcision does not
have enough advantages to warrant using it anymore.
They say that it caused it.
That study was written by Glam.
Don't you understand?
No, really.
Yeah.
It was.
Well, I'm surprised you didn't bring it up.
I thought in your opinion.
What?
It was written by Romans, ancient Romans, with the Monocony.
So I had that baggy little haircut, Greg Reed.
Well, it's an important news.
I thought you should know about it.
I'll check it out.
Okay.
I'm doing a study out of myself.
Have a great day, sweetheart.
Thank you, guys.
I love the world, yeah.
If it's a lotion in the basket.
Hey, so your chest is looking pretty thick today.
Thanks, Jen.
It's my new Kleenex 18-hour bra.
Really?
Yes.
You're flat-chested like me.
You should try it.
It keeps me stiff.
Even when I'm not fiercely involved with anyone.
So what if it rains?
Don't worry.
The Kleenex 18-hour bra has extra endorsances that make you look even bigger
in a good thunderstorm.
And the quilted layers of tissue help cursen your nipples
and somebody really cute lost by.
And I bet it's great for tears.
When your guy finds out that it's 36th, he's having a real.
A new Kleenex 18-hour bra.
Strong enough for a manhandle and made for a rain.
It's all of the 31 at 560 WQM.
We got the big ballgame coming up.
There is phenomenal interest in this.
I don't even know what I'm talking to myself for here, you know?
Because psychologically, you know,
and we got the game coming at 1250.
Most of the audience is gone already anyhow.
Never dawned on me.
Slow I am.
After the Marlins in the Oriole game,
if we can get any of the audience back,
Hank is over at the Crystal Palace in Bahamas.
He'll be on After Marlins baseball till 730.
And 730, we got some NCAA back-to-back games.
You got St. John's Maryland,
and you got Connecticut and Iowa.
And then of course this weekend,
you got my team playing Michigan State.
And my number two team, Miami.
Well, if you're living in Miami, why not root for Miami?
Okay, even if they do play in Ohio.
And even if Walty's got a lot of vowels in his name.
I mean, a lot of, so whatever they are.
Seas and Zs and Ss and Ks,
SCQZ, whatever the hell his name is.
A lot of consonants.
Here's a mobile in Kendall.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I would rather listen to a Marlins game than a sports talk.
But it's ridiculous that they would touch your slime.
So your slime stop.
Your time spot.
Whatever.
Slime slide, yeah.
Yes, they are my slime slot.
Yeah.
Well.
U-S holes.
And Deli soccer balls.
Okay, thanks.
There's a guy analyzing the whole station.
We already know that.
560, 560, 0560 on the mobile one line.
Another day with a dead audience here today.
They got nothing material.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello.
Miami Beach.
Like I said, here's Volca.
Hello.
Volca.
Yeah.
Are there anybody on these lines?
Are we just here for the go-through the motions?
Yeah.
They're speaking to me.
Yeah, I want to know what your opinion is on next year.
They're going to change the crease violation rule.
What's all that?
What's that about?
What do you want that about?
They're going to get rid of the dumbest rule in history of sports.
That's what's all about.
They should have done it this year.
Yeah, what we're saying.
I really agree with you.
I'm low-focke and I'm a great hockey fan.
But I hate going to that arena.
It's horrible.
What did I say that?
I hate going to the arena.
I never said that.
Oh, you know, you know, when did I say that?
Well, you just all you talk about all day.
How much you do?
That's all I talk about all day.
Did I even mention that arena today?
Yeah.
I had to hear you pose.
That's all I talk about all day is how much I hate going to the arena because it's so far
from my house.
I will do the reason.
All I said was they got a few problems over there.
But if they'd iron them out, we'd be having a great time even during those boring games.
And if Pavell does come back next week, we got three great three great reasons to go.
He's in the first game, the second game and the third game.
Yeah, see there's another but sucker just wants me to agree.
Thought I said something.
So therefore, oh yeah, whatever you said, absolutely correct.
You know, say give me your own opinion.
I don't want my opinion fed back to me.
Okay.
Like the guy that I took calls yesterday.
Oh, that's struck.
Oh, yeah, just repeat back to me what I already know what I've been saying for the last 200
years.
That I don't need.
Sir.
Absolutely incorrect, sir.
I'd have killed a few seconds.
Nice job.
5, 6, 7.
See, and what's going on around here?
This is not going to fly.
It's very disconcerting to me.
It is.
Too many people sticking their head in the goddamn arena.
And they're too many people.
In sand.
The last person.
Let's pick one day a week when sand can come in here for like about two minutes.
And we'll have an egg timer.
And as soon as you come in, no, you turn it upside down there.
And as soon as the egg timer would be like a.
No, there'll be a.
Because man, I mean, you know, he thinks I'm joking.
When I look at him, my blood starts boiling.
I think Jesus.
I mean, it's guys on the payroll.
What do we have any idea what he's done?
No.
And he's sitting in that big room as well.
And yesterday, the story is it's not really going to be his office.
It's going to be a production studio.
Right.
But he's just kind of taken over in the interim until you're 25, 25 when they get around to
open the production studio and because that might cost them money to buy some equipment for real production studio.
So he just kind of like took it over.
Because our PD's a wimp and he took a little tiny broom closet on the corner and said, OK.
Here's pop it.
And that's the old B.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing, Madam Killamy?
I know.
Now they're always killing me.
This audience is killing me all this week.
First week in the new studio, which I'm starting to like these new studios, I'm getting used to them.
But the audience this week, I wouldn't wish them on Heinrich Himmler.
That's actually why I'm calling you.
You talking about the equipment all the time.
I worked in radio for several years.
The God awful board off.
And I got out.
Congratulations, juicer.
Well, two weeks ago, I got back in.
Oh, like I said, my condolences.
And I walked into the station.
I wanted to mention the call letters.
And the clock and the timer on the board did not work.
The remedy was taping a $6 stopwatch from Walmart onto the board with Scotch tape.
How strong was that?
And it wasn't even good Scotch tape.
It was the cheap $3 dollar solar tape, the yellows and crass.
Here you go.
Well, you know, times are tough.
And I'm back out again.
What is having a rough time?
David Ross is having a tough time.
Rubbin is things together over there.
Things are tough all the way around.
We got problems here.
You know, Wayne wants our money.
We don't want to give it to him.
Well, I just want to say in a back out radio.
And I'm never going back in.
If you go the boudre, for God's sake.
I thought you were going to say they just got back into it.
I got out.
When that stopwatch is taped under the board, why would I want to stay?
Okay, guys.
Okay, go do more of the old in and out.
Okay, this guy is making up stories.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, and pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
I'm always not making up the story about taping the stopwatch.
That's true.
I mean, yeah, but you know, they're old saying they can only hear what comes out through the road.
And they're not going to hear what comes out of the radio.
They can't see what's going on on the inside.
So just fake it for us and pretend we're giving you some good stuff.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
I think I'm going to get involved in that lawsuit.
I'm going to sue both parties.
Well, seriously, because this Marlon stuff is a killer all the way around.
Here's a mobile and Cape Coral.
Hello.
A meal, a pig report over here in the White Coast for the other three people listening.
Yeah.
They're set up over the midpoint Memorial Bridge.
So Tony Philanjell, watch out.
OK, sir.
Thanks for a killing those 10 seconds.
Here's a mobile and bell harbor.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Good morning.
Good morning, sir.
It's time for you to be insanity, please.
Be patient.
Meaning what?
What does that mean?
These people, where do they come from?
What are your callers?
Where are these people coming from?
Don't be commenting on the other callers.
Let's hear your material.
What do you got?
I got a lot.
Last night.
We left John Lartons and we went right into a speed trap checkout point on St. Paddy's Day.
They had everybody.
They could have...
Yeah, well, I said they for it.
It was.
Anyway, what we need to do right now is have some lunch and make us laugh.
OK?
What does that mean?
Have a nice day.
I see it.
There's not a number.
He's not going to get a callers.
Here's a guy with no material.
It's slow down.
You old drunk and Irishman slowed down.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I guess I'm going to have to get my earlsmith album and get a great new live album.
See, this is what kills me about this audience.
They're belly aching.
Oh, gee, they're cutting the show short.
We only got two hours and 50 minutes today and again tomorrow.
I said here I'd gone for 40 minutes rambling about everything from alphabet soup to zebras
and everything in between.
And they got no response.
And this guy who's not going to the other callers, he has less than nothing.
You see, your body's funny.
It's cancer of the toenail, OK?
You're pathetic.
You're what's wrong with this town.
You're old.
You're shriveled up prune pal.
God.
Go stand outside the stadium up there for a lot of day over the Cuban, Zealand and Karen
on.
All right?
Maybe it'll, you know, convince you that you're alive or somebody else.
Downfall, but maybe.
Through the callers.
It's late at night.
You're all fast asleep and a shadowy figure is about to break into your home.
But you're protected.
Yes, it's the James Brown home security alarm.
The heart is working alarm in the safety business.
Designed by the Godfather of home protection himself.
The James Brown alarm protects you from regular.
Bando, beeping tall.
And if you act now, we'll include it no extra car.
The patented James Brown hunt pants far along.
So put the soul patrol on your keyhole.
With the James Brown home security system.
You'll save.
It's 144-560 WDQ about another dreadful day in a big city.
We got 200 open lines and day 6000 and brown and 148 in a west coast.
2500 and Palm Beach.
567-0560.
We only got another hour and six minutes to kill.
And the doctor's coming and Jeff Cohen's coming with the food.
So what are we here?
Do we really care?
No.
Now we don't care.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
What a very interesting show, Queenie.
Okay, great.
Glad we're coming some good time for you, sweetie.
Oh, and I would think I had the sticks as penis out of the stall.
Here's a mobile and a box.
Here's a mobile and a hi-a-lea.
Hello.
Yeah.
I was calling about the racetrack yesterday.
It didn't fail to the four trees.
Yeah.
Well, I'll teach you to go to hi-a-lea, sucker.
Okay?
Schmuck.
Guys going to hi-a-lea.
You should know that everything there is bogus.
And I noticed by the way that Dave Joseph was kind of like half-heartedly sucking
John Bernetti's butt in the paper this morning, which is a shock to me.
That's just amazing.
Dave, I don't know what's going on with that guy.
Yeah, the mutual system breaks down there.
People have to wait an hour in between races.
The food sucks.
I mean, hi-a-lea is just a disaster.
And everybody knows that.
And yet for some reason, they don't want to talk about it.
John Bernetti is the antichrist when it comes to racing in the States.
So what are you going there, forcer?
Mathicus.
560560, 0560, 0560 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile and four-loader deal.
Hello.
Any other day?
Okay, sir.
I just want to let you know I've been spoken marijuana for 17 years.
And the only time I ever had an urge to use harder drugs was listening to Brian Norcross
trapped in a hurricane shot at shelter.
Yeah.
How was it?
I was looking to Brian Murray, yeah.
The locksmiths, Mississippi, you've been there yet?
No.
I was there a few weeks ago.
You got to try it.
Try it for what?
Just to go and have a good time.
Like, what are you doing, Vegas?
Playing my brain to us.
Well, do you do it there?
I don't want to go to Baluxi, Mississippi.
What a horrible thought of that is just grotesque.
It was nice.
I thought the same thing to I went.
What was nice about it?
What was nice about it?
What was nice clean casino?
It was an hour you can go to New Orleans for dinner and go back to New Orleans.
I don't want to go to New Orleans for dinner.
I don't want to go to New Orleans for anything.
New Orleans.
It's a scuzzy, scummy place with the dumbest people I've even done more than here.
Just to suggest.
Okay, I'm glad you had a good time.
Not that I just want to sound hostile.
Am I going to Baluxi, Mississippi?
No.
Jesus Christ.
I'm going to go to New Orleans for dinner.
I'm going to go to New Orleans for dinner.
I'm going to go to New Orleans for dinner.
I'm going to go to New Orleans for dinner.
I'm going to go to New Orleans for dinner.
I'm going to go to New Orleans for dinner.
I'm going to go to New Orleans for dinner.
I'm going to go to New Orleans for dinner.
I'm going to go to New Orleans for dinner.
I'm going to go to New Orleans for dinner.
I'm going to go to New Orleans for dinner.
I'm going to go to New Orleans for dinner.
I'm going to go to New Orleans for dinner.
I'm going to go to New Orleans for dinner.
I'm going to go to New Orleans for dinner.
I'm going to go to New Orleans for dinner.
I'm going to go to New Orleans for dinner.
I'm going to go to New Orleans for dinner.
I'm going to go to New Orleans for dinner.
I'm going to go to New Orleans for dinner.
I'm going to go to New Orleans for dinner.
I'm going to go to New Orleans for dinner.
I'm going to go to New Orleans for dinner.
I'm going to go to New Orleans for dinner.
I'm going to go to New Orleans for dinner.
I'm going to go to New Orleans for dinner.
I'm going to go to New Orleans for dinner.
I'm going to go to New Orleans for dinner.
I'm going to go to New Orleans for dinner.
I'm going to go to New Orleans for dinner.
I'm going to go to New Orleans for dinner.
I'm going to go to New Orleans for dinner.
I'm going to go to New Orleans for dinner.
I'm going to go to New Orleans for dinner.
I'm going to go to New Orleans for dinner.
I'm going to go to New Orleans for dinner.
This
Bella May is now Regional bears 26, and she will go forward to third coat.
Janet Amida, deputy fences.
alla made it a reference window, melts it in silence.
Excuse me.
Specialidade is here to make it a reference window, So you can play fucking
I knew you had an anniversary sometime this month.
I wanted to call and say happy anniversary.
Well, thanks for the 18 days ago, too late.
Well, the thought was there anyway.
But I'm enjoying this show today, even though I know you're not.
Oh, no, this is the same as I do every day.
What was the last time I had a good call?
I can't remember.
I can't remember the last good call we had on this show.
Well, I love listening whenever I can.
The bit you just played with the James Brown.
Yeah.
It reminded me of a bit you used to have the big black guy named somebody that says get away from the car.
Good black guy named Roy.
Right.
If you could play that sometime, that's a great way.
I sure will.
I'll kill two and a half minutes, I think.
I hope you enjoy your lunch.
It's fantastic.
I'm thankful for everything.
And happy or whatever you're celebrating.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Kendall Noon at 560 WQM.
No food in here, by the way.
5607 0560 0560 0560 on the mobile one line.
Another desperate day on these phones.
Slaving over a lukewarm telephone.
That's what I do.
Who's that in the doorway, by the way?
Is that Dr. Mark?
That arm is too small.
It's Carlos.
Oh, who's got our doctor?
Is that Dr. Culligan then?
What's the Collagen Man is here with our water?
There you go.
That's important.
Anybody that's got stuff for us for free.
That doesn't mean people want to see.
There's our buddy from Collagen to best people in the world, by the way.
There's a solid earth.
How you doing, sir?
My good friend from the Collagen people.
Who service my home, by the way.
I just thought I meant an intervention that too.
Okay, Collagen Man.
There you go.
We love our friends of Collagen.
You see, this is the important stuff.
That's what I come in here for.
All of a sudden, these stupid phone calls, this idiotic chatter.
Hey, cleaning it all these red necks.
We don't care about any of that.
That just killed them good time.
That's all.
Which of course is a tremendous, you know,
that's a valuable asset in this town.
If we can do that for a kill a few hours a day.
Worth millions.
Got the Collagen people that are water cool around here with the free water and everything else.
Got a regular service hook up with our fine sponsors from Collagen.
Next thing by next week one day,
we'll have Duff his desk in there and his tiny little postage stamp size office.
And I smell food, by the way.
Can you notice that?
This is the first time this is the fourth day we're in the studio.
And I smell food coming through the vent.
Smells like somebody's making spam or something like heating up spam.
Pull the TV dinner into microwave.
Oh, God.
No, I have not.
Oh, be taken down there.
I'm not going.
I'm getting nauseous just from smelling it.
I say lawsuit.
And they're talking about us eating the studio and lighting up a stokey.
Seriously, it smells like somebody just scooped a bunch of out of one of the turlots and popped it in the microwave for a quick lunch.
Man, is that rank?
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Okay, sir.
Going to Italy for honeymoon soon.
And I wonder if you could give me some advice on some places to go and in Florence for dinner.
That'd have a thing.
Probably a restaurant would be good, you know?
Yeah, you think?
Yeah, I would be good.
Okay.
Very expensive, very overpriced.
The food in Florence is nearly as good as it is in Rome.
But you'll have a good time.
What about down in the Naples area?
How is that?
Now, I have never been there.
Only slippers done.
You don't want to go to Naples.
Only slippers and gypsies.
Is that right?
Stay out of Naples.
That's what everybody tells me.
A lot of poverty, a lot of gypsies, a lot of just filthy, you know, a lot of what do you want to Naples for?
We want to go check out the coastline down there.
Well, you can check out the coastline, but don't go to Naples.
Oh, I was staying outside in Naples.
Right, good.
Don't go anywhere.
Everybody tells me, do not go in the city.
Okay, pre-fitting that.
The Naples are at least same thing.
Train.
One more thing.
Yes.
Do you miss Rick Weaver?
Okay, we have 62 open lines in data, 187 and powered.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, you should have that breeze up inside your ass.
Oh, you got rid of that.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, I got a pain in the ass.
It was just on the phone here for about three seconds.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Oh, he's talking about my bruise.
Backed up.
That's gone.
But I do have a pain in the ass, like I said.
It was on for about two and a half seconds.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 in pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
And by the way, go back to New York with your bad, phony accent.
Well, they wouldn't let you come back.
Here's a mobile in Miami Lake.
Hello.
Yeah, I think you're right.
I think this town does.
I used to defend it.
No, I don't think this town sucks.
This town does suck.
No, you're right.
I, I, I, it's like a whole malaise over everything.
But it's just, like I said, when I first came here,
it didn't take me long to figure that out.
It's the walking dead.
Even the young people, they're most of them are dead.
Um, I'm a seasoned ticket holder for the Marlins.
But, um, spring training games, I don't want to listen.
There you go.
Who the hell does?
Yeah.
By the way, did you see that the auto-towel crashed at Hialeah?
I guess Hank will have a role on the front of me fighting.
Well, the what crashed?
The auto-towel.
You know how they, the thing that told me that.
I was talking about that.
Yeah.
I just, I'm sorry.
I called any city who's bitching about the fact he couldn't get his money back.
And I said a fool in his money, I assume, parted.
Oh, and Hialeah.
He's a high-booted at coast of Hialeah needs brain surgery.
Yeah.
They could like do like this guy.
I cut it up, brick by brick, and move it to a real community.
There you go, and get your own brunetti out of there too would be good.
Yeah.
I'm going to hang with it.
I'm hanging on it.
Okay, I'm hanging it.
Yeah, Dave Joseph.
What a, that was a real ass-sucking column this morning, Dave.
It sounded to me like brunetti, like orchestrated the whole column, basically.
I mean, there were a couple of shots in there and a couple of digs and all the crap that happened.
Or yesterday.
But, boy, that was sure hearts and flowers.
At a place that everybody knows has been totally destroyed.
I tried to, you know, to work with those people years ago.
I remember all the wasted time I did on that with Hialeah.
Oh, brother.
What a waste of time.
The food sucks, the ambiance sucks.
I mean, is it just a relic?
It's a, just a shadow of what it used to be.
And it's great days.
Everything keeps breaking down.
The tote breaks down.
Or yesterday, people can't get up bed and they have to delay races for now.
No surprise.
It's like I said, you know, about those assholes that bought the Holyfield pipe the other night.
Oh, we was robbed.
It was a, yeah.
And we'll let you know when the next scam comes along, okay?
Longing for sale.
50 or 60 or 70 bucks, suckers.
I'm glad it's worth it.
You've all from men.
Car theft is on the rocks.
America, a car is stolen every 12 seconds.
What can you do to protect your car?
An expensive car alarm system won't protect your car from being stolen.
The club won't protect the valuables inside your car.
But a big black guy named Ben Can.
Get away from the car, motherfucker.
For less than you'd pay for an expensive car alarm system.
And even less than you'd pay for the club, you can get a big black guy named Ben to protect your automobile.
Get away from the car, motherfucker.
It's simple to use.
Just leave the big black guy named Ben in your car whenever you get out.
And he does the rest.
Whenever anyone gets within six feet of your car, Ben simply gets out of the car and tells them.
Get away from the car, motherfucker.
Listen to these testimonials from people who use a big black guy named Ben.
It's always nice to have someone to ride with, although he really doesn't say much.
Get away from the car, motherfucker.
That's about it.
I didn't get a big black guy named Ben to chat with.
I got him to protect my car.
It's the best investment I've ever made.
My name is Edithson, I create.
There have been a lot of cars test.
I can't tell you how many times I've heard you get away from the car, motherfucker.
Knowing that I've got a big black guy named Ben protecting my car, let's me sleep better at night.
Calm down.
1-800-1 big guy.
That's 1-800-1-BIG-G-U-I.
And instead of hearing this, you'll hear this.
Get away from the car, motherfucker.
I am in shock.
I'm just watching CNN.
They got the... I didn't even realize this.
William Cunard is his name.
He's the new chairman of the FCC, the Schwarzer.
For real life complex, it's not on there anymore.
You're too late.
Life complex, it's a show.
Is the chairman of the FCC, which changes the whole thing now in the words that we can say?
Because now that means that mother's only half a word.
Isn't that what that means?
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
So I think we're going to kind of loosen up the language requirements here on the radio.
All right, let's hear it.
Oh!
Forget old Billy Boy.
5-6-7-0-5.
Don't call him boy.
5-6-7-0-5-60.
And pound 5-60 on the AT&T wireless line.
You know, it's a good thing we do have a short charge.
Just thinking during that break, what if we were here until 2 o'clock today?
Yeah, what I thought that is.
I'm getting a headache just thinking about that.
So what are you complaining about?
Thank God that we have a Marlon's exhibition this game coming on here at 1250 in this hour.
In less than an hour.
Thank God for that.
Here's North Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Dios.
See.
How are you?
Okay.
Well, I want to call in because I've been eating a lot of crap.
So I wanted to say hello to you and I heard your Florence story and you got, and I have a Galleria story.
And I want to share my Florence story with you and got, and my Florence story?
Well, you were saying that you did not like Florence or...
Now, when I said it all, I said it's a tourist trap.
I said it's okay, but the food is as good as Rome.
And it's highly overpriced.
It's a beautiful place to see for about two days.
That's all you need.
Oh, then I completely agree.
I found a few of the local trattories.
Right.
And they were fantastic.
Man, they were good, but not like Rome.
Not like Rome.
I find it, yeah, you're right.
Rome, there is some incredible...
Even the cheap restaurants are incredible.
Right.
And the Galleria story, you know, is talking about the bathroom stalls.
Yeah.
So I'm in the Galleria with my wife.
We both go to our appropriate bath.
Respective stalls.
Respective stalls.
I come out before her and I'm standing there.
And this gang looking kids, you know, with the hair that looks like, I don't know, it's all up in the air, you know.
Gang here, yeah, gang here.
Yeah, gang here.
Got on it.
It was disgusting anyway.
What's going on, King?
Yeah, there you go.
So he comes over to me and he says, what do you want?
So what do you mean what do I want?
I'm standing here.
Are you taking a pole or something?
Yeah.
The wrong question.
The wrong question to have, right?
So he goes, no, he goes, do you need something?
So I looked at him again.
He's peddling drugs, man. Don't you get it?
No, no, he wanted to the bathroom like three times.
He wanted me to follow him in there.
He was peddling drugs.
You better get with the party.
You go over to Amsterdam, man, and wander around on the dam right?
Oh, you know, okay, get out of here.
This guy's so slow.
Crack, coke, rock.
What do you need?
So they have a good time in there or what?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on our AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile or less Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Hey, long time, first time.
I was just sitting up here and I was Palm Beach waiting for a bridge to come down and it reminded me of a guy about seven or eight years ago that called up about the bridge tender.
You still got that on tape?
No.
You remember that?
No.
Oh, okay.
I thought it might be a good call.
I guess not.
No, it wasn't.
Okay, here's the Toronto.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
What the hell is going on down there?
They're cutting your show short?
They're cutting it short and I had a cut short at birth and now they're doing it the second time.
I'll finish me off.
Don't knock it.
I'm delighted they're cutting it short after this group today.
I'm going to tell you, I don't want to hear any complaints from this audience that they're cutting the show short.
If they put on Tiddly Wings in 1250, it would be fine with me because these people couldn't eat.
They couldn't even make an hour's worth of reasonable calls here today.
So what are they, Bishop?
We only got a two hour and 50 minute show.
They got no material.
All this week, this audience just, their brains are fried.
I can't figure that out.
You got gorgeous weather down there.
What's wrong with the people down there?
It's freezing up here.
Yeah, and?
It's a white cake.
You can never go on.
Let me just tell you this.
So what does weather have to do with people's mentality?
Weather is not everything as you've discovered.
Weather is nothing.
Well, yeah, but you know what?
And the winter keeps your shut in up here.
Yeah.
So listen, the Leafs suck the game last night.
The Leafs suck.
They're going through their coma phase.
Every team goes through their coma phase.
Otto was having a problem.
Airby team has their, and the Leafs are in a shutdown.
Coma phase couldn't score into an empty net.
We're going to have a playoff team, right?
Huh?
We are going to have a playoff team.
Now, I hope so.
I mean, you only got, we only got 14 games left.
They better recuperate soon by another couple of days of this,
and they better get their assing you again.
So listen, you know what?
If you get tired of Miami, why don't you come up here and do radio?
Yeah, sure.
I mean, the CTRC they have me off the air in the first half of IB out.
Yes, how are you certain that his problems as well?
Right, exactly.
Well, good luck to us, pal.
Thanks.
Now, see on the rocket.
Okay.
Okay.
See on the rocket with the Russian rocket.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60, 05, 60,
on the AT&T wireless line.
Yeah, stop and think about it.
Okay, seriously, this is logic.
Why in the world would anybody be complaining about the fact
that we're getting off here?
I mean, the first few minutes I came on this morning and mentioned that about the Marling
is, oh, never gave the number out.
Phones are ringing off the hook.
People very bitterly upset.
Why?
All of this week in our beautiful new studios here,
it's the same old, tired, just grading routine.
We could bring in the encyclopedia Britannica and computers.
We could bring in any piece of information ever known to the human race.
And these people, whether it was serious, whether it was amusing, whether it was in between,
whether it was titlating, thank you, Collagen, guys.
No matter what, it was, and they still have no response.
And my friend from Toronto, I hate to break the news to you, but whether ate everything, eh?
Just move down here for a few months.
You'll find out whether isn't everything.
It's nice to walk outside, the sun is shining, the birds are chirping, the dogs are, you know, on the lawn.
That's nice.
But other than that, that's all we got.
Say vacuums, a vacuous place, the void of any kind of human sensibilities.
Here's North Miami-B, Chelo.
Here, you know, I thought the whole idea of radio, when it was first invented,
was just so we can discuss the dolphin draft.
That's right.
That's what I thought it was for.
It is. That's what sports radio is all about.
The dolphin draft and golf.
You know, I find my...
I really...
I really love doing, by the way. How's his elders doing?
I listen to the sports show and I just realized people actually call in and they talk about their draft
And you notice the sports shows never have any shortage of calls
They got the same 200 people that call every sports are on his station
They're lined up to talk about the same boring craft 24 hours a day about the nine-year-old kid in peoria with a great arm
That we hope to Marlon's side and they've been following him since elementary school and yada yada yada
A very young Florida Gator team click
No problem with calls on O-shows baby they have no ratings
But they got no a lot of colors which goes to show you that ratings and colors are like totally unrelated
Our problem is that this show is so far over the heads of the audience
That's right this intellectual show of ours
You can't keep up with me. That's the problem if I would like come down to their level and
Do in some kind of a gutter stupid show then maybe we could communicate on the same level
5 6 7 0 5 60 in fact, I'll tell you what let's set it off the joe and Dave right now. Let's put the ball game on early
Because I'm totally there's I'm serious. I'm thoroughly fed up and disgusted here
It's almost the end of our fourth day inside. We're doing great. We got the coloring guys just left
We got a water cooler shut up. We got everything going here in the studio
We were arranging for a desk for our program director
We're taking the bull by the horns and doing our own stuff. We're getting free meals every day here like we always do
They're coming to us
But the audience we can't explain what they do you know in Texas with the last show what do they call it when they try to last
Who a cat whatever they call it that read next up a cowboy crap
We're trying to last through the audience out there and we just can't corral them baby. We just can't get a hold of them
Maybe if I do another hundred years, maybe I can get it right
Here's my me Beach hello
Any I don't great listen my ever felt better sir. That's good. Mike Smith got to bring in a big strong defensive
Defension that's what we need we're going through a funk now, but it's better now
What difference would a defense make last night when you don't score any goals?
They scored one golegaer goal against Montreal one goal last night. How many games do you win scored one?
Well, we got a lot of his standing on his head. He's playing unbelievable and his team all of a sudden can't put it in the net
Well, we got to hope that this is gonna come back. Kathy will it says you got to be able to stick it in there, man
I mean, I don't think it's gonna disappear. I mean we had
Sporting all year. I don't think it's gone
I'm not panicking. It's just everybody's got to go through there a tough time air even the best look at the flyers 12 games without a win
All that talent with all that high-paid talent. What do you think of
Bringing in Wendell Clark again. No way. No, why not? No way
What what do we need him for?
Whenever he's in Toronto, he's a man. No way. It's a three-strikes in your house. I do still believe man. Okay. All right. I believe it
So a little bit of that game last night. I wanted like up truck meals. I haven't even eaten yet. They'll be all right
Five second. I mean then of course you watch the Panther game
It's a good thing they're playing on the West Coast because boy that puts you in a real sleepy mood
It's watching about five minutes of the first period. Say I'm running right to bed put my head on a pillow. You're snoring
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a 18. Where's Dr. Mark already get lost or what?
huh
I'm gonna get important things to do here today if I you know just had a leisurely day here to Lolli gag around town
I could have gone over there to the beach and had him draw a lot of blood
But then this way it works out great because then he can suck out the blood with those big needles he brings over here
And then Jeff Cohen can bring in the food afterward
Have a little bit of a lunch. This is the way to operate. See the year minor leagueers were operating with here
Talk about Marlon's baseball on a sports station. We're dealing with little leagueers here
Who's paying for the food? Oh God
Man I'm surrounded by amateurs man. She's mounted by amateurs
Spinalist people don't wonder they're all kissing the boss's ass these people aren't said like Ted Max amateur hour
Dr. Mark is on the road great. Well, what do you mean he's on the road? He could set a half an hour ago
He was leaving what do you mean he's on a road?
What like an omelette? He's on a road and there is a Gennies in a goddamn room
What
What do you mean you're taking care of what in the tea room you're taking care of?
I don't you know you don't look like they're type okay Sam. If I do you look like anybody's type?
Oh my god this Sam so help me god
You know I have several sick days that I haven't taken yet
And I've just come to accept it this part. What is that? It's that auto lock again
That piece of crap we got into that that great piece of garbage equipment
That keeps screwing up all the time. Yeah, let's just play that break over again, okay?
For all those sponsors that get screw winding up in the ball games
They didn't buy the ball game. Yeah, I hate to break the news to you screw and people that bought live on the near Roger show
Didn't buy Marlon's exhibition baseball. I know it sounds like bait and switch to a lot of us
Did I mention keep Sam out of here? I'm son of a bitch
You
You
John B Lapsey.
Hello,broading toaVit
toa clapping
Apal puddle
performed Ewe
I'm sad world for food. It'll take no play on a joke, Missile.
18 at 5.60 WQM almost done for the day, huh?
Oh, boy. Still haven't seen the doctor seeing him yet?
No. Jeff Cohen?
No. They'll be here.
Sam, are we seeing him?
Yes.
Oh, boy. Hey, Sam, we don't give stuff away on this show.
How many times have to tell you?
Okay. The way it works on this show is if there's free stuff, we get it.
See, the rest of the station, they can buy a loyalty from the audience.
Give it away a bunch of stupid tickets, stuff like that.
I'm sure with all of that, we've our lives have been a hell of a lot better since I stand.
Thank you again to the caller who insisted back in November.
Don't do that anymore. Thank you, sir.
That's where you got bless you.
Right.
And by the way, speaking of callers, you know, I'm sitting here thinking during this break, you know, every now and then I am, you know, why is it up to realize that you got to like move forward, not backward.
And over the next, you know, between now and when I come back from the next vacation, which isn't that many weeks away, I'm like phasing out.
But more the callers are going to be like a rarity on this show, phasing them out.
Because they, you know, after 100 years, they've run out of material, even though there's like new people out there, it makes no difference.
The town has run out of material and it's just, it's ponderous going through 600 phone calls to get to somebody that might have something to say.
I don't need that.
So we're going to like phase it out.
And of course, thanks to the audience for getting ahead start.
There's in Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday and today.
They're phasing it out.
They must be psychic.
Here's a mobile in Margate. Hello.
Hey, how's it going?
Okay, sir. Bad phone. I can barely hear this call.
Can you hear me now?
We're really weak.
I have a spy report for you from Mike Miller.
Yeah.
Yeah, I heard him up in Jacksonville.
Good place for him. Tell him to keep going.
God, it was, it was bad.
What happened that station up there?
What station up where was?
I think it was the big ape.
The big ape?
I don't know.
I know that the worst of the grease man used to work there.
I don't know if it's about Jacksonville radio except that Steve Nichol is going to be on a station.
They'll recall the same day so they better watch out.
Better Neil, everything down.
5 6 7 0 5 60, 0 5 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Where's Dr. Mark already?
Okay, he got a compass in a road map out there.
I don't want to start getting pushy.
But he made the mistake of saying he was on a road.
I was like 20 minutes ago.
Oh, he's coming by way.
He must have come right up.
Colin's having him.
He wants to go by and see that old houseboat again.
Well, that's an interesting story about who really that German guy, the, oh boy.
The guy with the bathhouse in Vegas and all these other strange people that were involved in that,
the Kunen and the, the, I say, bathhouse, boathouse in bathhouse.
Maybe that's what it was.
It wasn't the boathouse.
It was a bathhouse.
It's not there anymore, Mark.
I hate to break the news to you.
It's not there.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Listen, what, what makes you think that because of the,
you're in the new studio and all that.
I mean, us as audience, nobody in the audience knows the difference whether you're in a new
or except for you saying it.
Yeah.
Why would, I mean, the audience is always, you know, you always have beg for the people to call.
Yeah.
Just because you're in a new studio, it's not going to change.
Stop knocking yourself over the head.
Of course it's not.
But if something, it's something I'm not making myself so I feel great.
No, but for real.
And I hate, I hate, I hate your time to clock out earlier than it should.
You hate to worry about it.
You know, I would hate you to clock out earlier than you should.
I'm clocking out right now.
Where do I punch it?
That's just, I'm punching the time clock.
I'm leaving right now because this guy, you know, he had a good point, whatever it was.
You see, the fact that we're excited about after all of these promises and after being down there,
like, step children being up here now, what are they?
And you're right.
There's nothing at all exciting about this, these rooms.
Nothing.
In fact, quite to the contrary, what's very unexciting is the fact that some people,
you know what Sam reminds me of, he's like Andy from Hollywood.
Exactly.
No matter how many times you tell him you don't want to see him and go away and leave me alone,
the more you say that, the more he keeps coming back.
Why are you laughing?
I don't understand what you're, what you're, you're working about in there.
I'm not joking.
If he had something specific, if he were working like the set or one thing or something that were involved and interested in,
that's fine.
He makes excuses to come in here to try to pretend to show what he's doing, something.
We know he's not doing anything.
Is he fooling us?
No.
He's fooling anybody.
The only reason that he's here is because he's a Greg's buddy and because the other guy's around here like getting free tickets from him.
That's all.
It's not personal.
He may be a good guy.
I don't know.
I don't know him.
I don't want to know him that well.
Like I said the other day, I don't want to go in there and talk to him.
We saw him every once in a while.
That would be fine.
He's been in here by actual count 17 times already.
Today it's not even 12 30 yet.
And was there anything productive came out of any one of the 17 times?
No.
And the last time he comes in with this stupid giveaway thing that he might not,
I look at the thing and I'm reading it's like idiotic.
And he says, oh, one, you're not concentrating.
I'll bring it back to Mark.
No, I'm concentrating.
I'm doing a show here.
I know that comes in the shot.
Can you say him?
See, so you're right.
So you're at the very good call you just made.
Because now we've moved up to Greg Reed's playground.
We've joined all the kids with their sandboxes in the playground up here on the third floor.
You're right.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Yes?
How about you read his little passes from the Versace?
Here's my Miami.
Hello.
He's such a big one.
Okay.
Here we go.
Here's the last one.
Mobile in Tamarack.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes, silicon is near death.
Says who?
There's channel seven just now.
Lewis silicon is near death.
Yeah, he's in sixth and January, they say.
Wow.
See, I told you it was a day for good news.
Even though the audience is in a coma, it's a great day for the Irish.
Yeah, then you know what else happened yesterday.
What else?
What else happened in that court case about that guy who shot that lady at the...
Yo, this is the guy with a fanny pack.
That's all.
Oh, I'd rather see Sam then talk to that guy.
That's the end of our calls for today.
Like I said, but we're going to face the calls out.
I think it was going to be quite this soon.
That's okay.
There's not a call on the board.
See, just stop and think of the logic of you people.
Don't look at me.
Just stop and think of the logic of those calls.
We had the first half hour.
All those people whining and whining.
Ah, Marlon's exhibition.
And here it's not even $12.30 yet.
And we're done for the day.
I could go home right now.
We know what I'll offer in anybody's ass.
Get the last commercial break in there.
They're done.
It's been nice seeing you again today, but that's it.
$5.67, $0.560, $5.60 out of 18T wireless.
This really is an amazing place.
It's just astonishing.
There are no words to describe this area.
We got...
I was looking at that thing they had the other day.
They had the four owners moving in.
Almost five million people now in Dave Broward and Palm Beach.
4.6 million people we got.
Does it really make a difference?
No.
We could have ten million of these same people.
Would it make a difference?
No.
No.
I'd still be here doing the same thing.
And if all of them were listening, would it make a difference?
No.
If I had a hundred here, it would make a difference.
Here's a mobile in Weston.
Hello.
Neil, how are you doing?
OK.
Why can't we get people to hire competent people to drive buses?
For our children.
We have child molester.
They said, with all of our technology...
Nobody cares about that story.
Sir, you're the first one even in response.
Here's a guy that's got a criminal record involving children no less,
misdemeanor child abuse.
He's driving a school bus in this town.
And now he's doing candy little boy and molesting kids on a bus.
And nobody cares.
I said, let's worry less about the Y2K problem and figure out how to stop these people
from getting into our school system.
F&A, man.
It's ridiculous.
And I don't hear anybody out there that's distraught about this.
That's running the school to pick their kids up because they wonder about these scumbags
that are driving the school bus.
Nobody cares here.
That's why it goes on.
It's unbelievable.
And one more thing.
Keep the marlins off the radio.
You don't need them there.
OK.
Thank you.
OK, see you.
I don't know.
He's getting a little nervous.
You want to know why?
Because now it's getting closer to 12.50.
They probably think I was joking about having a ball game under the end of another one again tomorrow.
Well, guess what?
Surprise!
Wrong!
Marlins at the Orioles today and who they play.
Probably I don't know when I'm going to turn the page.
Probably the same thing.
Same thing to see tomorrow.
They're about to come in as near the Orioles.
Right?
See?
See this?
Where is this doctor already?
OK, where did he go?
Maybe he went to the Paxton Place.
Or maybe he stopped in to see the dental paper pushers.
Our good friends down on the second floor.
I miss them.
They're nice.
They turned out to be our good friends.
Too bad we don't have any good friends up here on the third floor.
It's a lucky guy on the other floor.
Along with me to blow up an abortion clinic.
I'll kill another doctor who was murdering a kid.
If you speak with a jaw and have a bad attitude, then grab a mechanic.
Guess you can burn one down to abortion clinic.
That is.
Ain't nothing like the smell of nurses on fire.
Now if you drive a truck and wear a smelly hat,
they don't know whether Jesus welcomed that.
And after we make a clinic explode,
we'll go find a nigger and drag them down the road.
We'll be proud you're from the South Boy.
Double-wide, Southern Pride.
Now if there should be a woman trapped inside,
we'll rape her in the ass and steal her first before she dies.
And paraphrase the Bible to valet, babe.
Our barbarism is now in deceiving hate.
In bread that is, fire up some garlic and garlic stew.
Now we are the Christian soldiers of God.
We like to wipe our ass with an old porn call.
And when we're not burning churches or clinics down,
we play our bandoes in the trees with penis in our mouth.
That's what Christians require right there in the old brown eyes.
Pufferty 2 at 560 WQM just 18 minutes away from the big extravaganza there
at Fort Lauderdale Stadium.
We got 75,000 crazy old Cubans outside the stadium going.
I'm going to kill my niece, I'm going to kill her.
I'm going to kill my little kids.
I'm going to kill my little kids.
I'm going to kill my little kids.
I'm going to kill my little kids.
I'm going to kill my little kids.
I'm going to kill my little kids.
I'm going to kill my little kids.
I'm going to kill my little kids.
I'm going to kill my little kids.
I'm going to kill my little kids.
I'm going to kill my little kids.
I'm going to kill my little kids.
I'm going to kill my little kids.
I'm going to kill my little kids.
I'm going to kill my little kids.
I'm going to kill my little kids.
I'm going to kill my little kids.
I'm going to kill my little kids.
I'm going to kill my little kids.
I'm going to kill my little kids.
I'm going to kill my little kids.
I'm going to kill my little kids.
I'm going to kill my little kids.
I'm going to kill my little kids.
I'm going to kill my little kids.
I'm going to kill my little kids.
I'm going to kill my little kids.
I'm going to kill my little kids.
I'm going to kill my little kids.
I'm going to kill my little kids.
I'm going to kill my little kids.
I'm going to kill my little kids.
I'm going to kill my little kids,
game in. He likes that. I'm sure you like that better than the patch
Adam. That's a real shot, you know, because he doesn't
ever read no. It's not yet. I'll really keep up that drink
in you. Well, he don't drink a little Italian wine. Huh?
Oh, look at that. He's got a, and I want you to, oh, look, he's,
there's, and the way that you realize how momentous this is.
Wait a minute. I got to figure out where there you go.
You know, may I sit before you and speak? This is the first
person to use our guest mic. See, now this audience that thinks
that I need to beg them for calls forever downstairs as you were
down there. You saw that crappy thing we had down to assistant
to excited either, but we had not even a guest mic. But now we
have a guest mic. So surprise folks like a real radio station.
Oh, yeah. Well, compared to where you work, you know, looks like
mission control on the way in. What do you call it? Space age
yesterday. Now I want you to take every test that's ever been
invented. Well, I've looked at the
compendium contains about 4,000 tests. Like I said, I can't afford
that. So you know what I'm talking about? Now they have a test
for Lupus, right? Sure. Because somebody mentioned that I want
anything that anybody's even mentioned. You think I got
Lupus? No. Oh, you think I have anything. And you'll notice that
where the rash used to be, which is almost not of it left, there's a
nice scar from the, from the biopsy, right? We probably
last for a couple of months. Remember, I tell you that when I get a
choice between doing something and not doing something, I recommend
waiting to do a little more. That's right. That's right. Wait another
six or seven years. And if you're still a lot of comedy, then we'll see
we'll work it out. So can I tell you a few things? What's been
going on? About what? Is this about your music? No. No. Oh, I thought it was
going to start plugging in his music. You're here to be my doctor.
Yeah. This is about doctor stuff. Yeah. Yeah. First of all,
there's a, there's a major insurance company that knows that
we're friends. Yes. And wants to bid to you and your company here to
advertise their services using my name and your name. But I told
them it since you and I have a personal relationship. I wanted to
discuss it with you first to make sure there was a way to work it out
so that their business wouldn't interfere between me and you.
Like they said, and Godfather won when Marlon Brando was talking to
Celucso as long as your business doesn't interfere with my business, then we have no
problem. Whatever that. I don't even have any idea what you just said.
We'll talk about it. All right. And then I'm applying for a federal
position as well. I wouldn't talk to you about that too because you've known me for
a while and your high profile guy here in South Florida. I want to apply for
for you direct a ship of what's called the Center for Primary Research.
You don't really care research in Washington. Yeah. Help help. Okay. Now,
where you go around to people and say you don't need me. Hopefully. Yeah.
Wouldn't it be nice if somebody from the federal government would come around and say
you don't need me. So in other words, you're leaving us? I don't know that for a
fact. If you get to leave, well, you know, it's like the mating of
elephant. Then I'll have to go back to Dr. Prasgudnyak at the Cleveland Clinic and
have him tell me how much he knows about it. Well, I'm just flattered that you even invited me back
here. I thought you didn't love you. I didn't invite you back. I demanded that you come
back and do something. I didn't invite. I demanded. I heard you. You left me hanging
there in the wind. All you doctors, you leave us hanging in the wind. Not true in the
slightest. That's six or seven weeks. Have you? Have you? Have you been hearing about
the teeth thing? Have you heard about this? A little bit. This is what most of my
problem has been, according to my dentist, Dr. Jerry, by the way, the good guy.
And I've been grinding in my sleep, which causes the jaw and the neck and the
pain behind the eyes. And that is all of these things. Yes. I had that several years ago.
I had I had a vision once I was eating a hot dog and a barbecue and I was leading up
against the wall. And as I bit down on the hot dog, I had a vision of Zeus behind a cloud
throwing a lightning bolt at me and when it hit me, I'm serious. The pain was so
bad my knees, but I had a vision of eating a bad, we need two once and I think that's what
made me too right. But that's just so the neck and all of this stuff connected with
that. Now, now the Adelaide thing, do you think it's possible that I was allergic to that?
Yeah, certainly possible. I mean, you got to remember that. I don't think it's necessary.
And there's a lot of, by the way, the hydrochlorothylides on it. Blood pressure is much
better on the hydra and it's much cheaper, too, by the way. Yes, it is. Like Kenny's a
teller. Right. Gladly. It does have that little metabolic problem. The triglycerides,
the cholesterol on the... But now the blood sugar has adjusted the head's coming back
down. It's been great for like about two days. It takes about two or three weeks for your
body to adapt to that. Three to six really. Like I said, three to six weeks. That's more like it.
Yeah, I would say that's right. Okay. Yeah. So in other words, you don't need me. Is that what you're
saying? No, but I look up in the, you know, I got one of the new little PDRs. You know,
not the real expensive one. And I look up hydrochlorothylides and one of the side effects,
one of the rare side effects is kidney failure and I'm thinking... Oh! Like that. You know.
Yes. Any diuretic can cause kidney failure. And when you're diabetics, you're going to
diuretic. Yes. kidney failure is something up on your mind, not something you're too
crazy in any start. Because I've had like various, you know, aches and pains being
old. Is that what it is? Oh, I have. I've had like... I mean, anybody who knows you
knows you're not that old. You sound older, but not that old. Believe me, 56. I feel like 96
the last three months. Hey, my family, I'm making a 56. You'll be happier there. So anyway,
this pattern is not fully diagnostic, but could represent mild sunburn reaction. Here's the...
You already got a copy of this from my... Yes, I did. By Ampsie? Yes, I did. I'm... I'm
raised. I'm raised in this air. But you know what I am trying. I've gone to... Yeah.
A whole bunch of different people to find out why I've been feeling so crappy and what the
rash was and all. And basically, everybody tells me the same thing. It's not this.
You know, other than my dentist who said it was that and he said,
and now I got away another two weeks almost for my amop guard. A couple years ago,
I ran it. I had an op-ed and Harold. And it said that a person comes into the
doctor with a cold and gets a chest x-ray, which is really isn't a good thing to do.
And nice, they see a spot and it's questionable. Let me get a cat scan. Then they get a
thoracic biopsy when they've done this. They've done this. They've done a cold.
Yes. Oh, great. So you've got to take my blood. Okay. So you can hurry up and eat.
Yeah. Okay. Now, I mean, you can finish what you're saying. No, I mean,
you're chasing this thing around, which is understandable. You know, actually... See,
you're the victim of a big picture. You've been educated like so many people to just keep going.
Oh, you know what I mean? Something going. Seriously. Now you're a doctor.
Yes. Okay. You've seen my body, which is rotiss. Okay. But I'm going to tell you,
you know, I'm going to take it. Now this is a man who's handling food. I just got you doing your spot
and giving you the rave reviews I always do for peace. He's not listening to me and there he's not paying any attention.
I've eaten there. I like the place. You know, it is a great place. But this man...
Why, if I wanted to see a firbol, I could bring an alcohol, see an orange germ,
I could bring them in here together. I was at the gym when you called by the gym. Oh my God.
You were doing the limbo rock under the stalls in the gym and you're the guy. Jeff, what's with the nails?
Yeah, and he plus the green fingernails. Oh my God. And you're going to handle our food?
Oh. I'm sorry. You were saying what? You know, we've all been... You can sit on it.
We have to look at him. We look at the appetite. No, we've all been real test.
We've all been now educated to keep doing things when I keep saying it.
And there's a lot of doctors who stand behind it. Do less is better than do more when you get an opportunity.
Yeah. And my philosophy is do something. I know that's bothers you.
No, it doesn't. No, it doesn't. Because do something, please.
If I tell you to wait, that's doing something. If you choose not...
What is it? If you choose not to make a choice, you've made a choice.
But you know, if there's still part of the rash, is there? It is going away very slowly and I'm smearing stuff on it.
This is the slowest going away thing in three months in the time.
Oh, no. Talk to somebody who's got chronic fatigue for two to five years.
Yeah. Talk about what takes a long time to go away. And we haven't solved that.
So other words, what you're saying, I'm an impatient bastard is what you're saying and just...
You know, maybe 25% of that's good.
Yeah, I've done it. Which solved it.
No, I don't call it an attention that hard.
No. But anyway, I mean, I understand who I concerned you are.
But I'm like, if I do...
Yes.
Kidneys. These things. These are the things I'm concerned about. I have had variety.
And also where the gallbladder used to be.
Yeah.
What was that?
Beautiful. Thank you, Jeff. And don't let me look at you. Please. Oh, God.
We got brand new studio.
It's not just pieces. Not right away.
It'll make you do it.
What?
Well, I just got through reading your spot.
It says you've got matsu pizza and matsu lasagna.
Would you bring me? You brought me...
What did you mean?
Sausage and meatballs and expecting matsu pizza.
Jesus Christ.
That's okay. I'll leave the time.
I'll pass today because I'm on the same diet. He's on.
Yeah, we're on the end.
By the way, you have lost a lot of weight.
Yeah, I have. You know why?
Because I gave up cigarettes.
And Dr. By the way, who loves the egg and diet and is out of himself.
You know, on personal friends with Dr. Robert Atkins from New York.
What are your names?
Rap and hour ones.
If I'm going to name drops, I'm going to drop you on you.
That's probably how you know. Only on Hank.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And...
No, anyway.
I've always been an advocate of that diet.
It's great.
If you're still giving him stagoda.
The thing is, it's not just sticking with it.
Because once you get in that party expression into the zone,
I know that's another book.
Not for me.
No, no, no. But I wasn't talking about that diet.
That's what I call it.
When I'm in the...
When I'm fully understanding and fully following it and into the habit of following it,
the weight just melts right away.
Really?
And I don't even have to think about it.
Yeah. It's what I'm at.
Well, I have lost 14 pounds.
Okay.
My last...
When I stepped on your scale in December, whatever was about the 17th of December.
Now, that's not phenomenal, but that's the start.
Absolutely.
On the journey of 10,000 miles, start the first 10 pounds.
Well, see how you're the one that's being impatient.
Okay. I'm telling you about the rash going away and all this stuff.
And you tell me it takes time.
And it's like, I didn't accumulate all the weight in five minutes either.
That's the way I feel about it.
So it took me 42 years to get work.
Right.
So take a lot of blood.
Okay.
And then we're going to do weightlabs.
Well, wait a minute.
We'll wait you before and after drawing.
So you're going to do...
I want the whole deal.
All right.
What I'll do is I'll draw enough tubes to do everything.
And then we'll talk about exactly what it is I'm going to do afterwards.
Because, you know, I just want you to...
You know, you're an educated customer.
And I want you to know what it is we're doing.
Well, the Italian business band came in last week.
I've known him for 10 years.
And he said, do everything.
And when I did, and he got the billy, went crazy.
So I don't really want to do everything without informing what it is.
Bill.
Bill.
No, I've been...
I've been mentioning that yesterday.
The doctor we don't do for free.
Everything else around here, we can include in the food.
You know what?
I mean, I mean, I do come up here as a privilege.
So I...
I pass the laboratory charges to you, but I'm not even charging you for a month.
Well, I understand that.
And we've always been very good in the mother.
You don't do too much for me, but you've been very good about the charge.
Well, I'm just...
I'm just...
I'm just...
I'm just...
I'm just...
I'm just...
I'm just...
I'm just...
I'm just...
I'm just...
I'm just...
I'm just...
I'm just...
I'm just...
I'm just...
I'm just...
I'm just...
I'm just...
I'm just...
I'm just...
That's one of them, you know, okay.
It's in Miami, it's in Fort Lauderdale last time.
Okay.
We have the news press.
And I'm a big fan.
Yeah, right.
I'm a big fan, but I don't listen to it on the radio because that's one of us before.
If you've been such a big fan, go to the game.
Yeah, especially an exhibition game.
I went to a Yankee game against the twins.
Yeah.
And there are, there's people who have the paper they write about how the Yankees aren't here.
They got ripped off.
They only got one Yankee play and one guy, you know,
Shilly Davis said, but it was the only regular.
Now, there was Shane Spencer, who they showed a lot on the World Series.
He was crying in mourning because he, you know, they...
Okay, well listen, we got a bad connection.
So I'm a great day. Okay, this guy's killing me.
Oh, God almighty, are you kidding me?
Now, I'm gonna tell you, you know me, I'm very good with Needle.
I've had plenty of blood taken all over.
You would have been a gassed if you saw the way they
butchered me up at Cleveland Clinic.
I don't want to know what the girl's name was.
They butchered me a big time at the, I mean, left me a big,
but it's all gone, so that's a good sign.
Well, if you'll pardon the expression,
it's the look of the draw.
I mean, it could happen to anybody.
No, no, not like this.
This was, I mean, a lump.
The, you know, she was just a little stabbed.
I think she might have been anti-submitted or something.
Just taken out of frustration.
But, I mean, but look at the number of bottle of vials you got.
Well, I've never seen anything so vial of the synthesizer.
Jeff naked in there.
They're called vacuum trainers.
Yeah. You have a vacuum in them.
So that if any of them are duds or I miss anything.
I don't think there's enough blood in my body
to fill all those goddamn things up.
Well, you'll be a little lightheaded when we're done,
but yeah, sure you'll be able to, I need a driver.
I'll help you.
Okay.
Okay, we're taking lots of blood.
Let's do it on the air.
On the air.
Yeah, let's do it on the air.
All right.
I'm shutting that thing off.
Okay, come on over here in the stigma.
I'm very head-plenty of blood taken.
No problem.
I'm not a pussy when it comes to that.
There's some guys that, some guys big macho guys,
athletes, super jocks, see a needle they pass out.
2% of the population almost face them.
Well, by the way, he's putting my arm on a conanin book.
Guys, there's something symbolic about that.
It's on the new thing.
And since you're not that far,
you're like right down the beach.
You wouldn't be that shocked.
You'd be interested in some of the stuff that's in there.
Sure.
About the boat house and all that other good stuff.
And about the way the police botched the investigation.
And about the way the hero was totally on the outside,
including Edna Buchanan.
Nice going Edna, my close personal friend.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Kendall.
Going one.
Going twice.
It's probably all gone.
Let me, let me grab a line.
Here's a mobile in his lap.
And here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
That's how.
Now, I was a doctor.
I'm just still in.
The doctor's here.
OK.
A meal.
Listen, two quick observations I want to ask you.
Yeah.
Just play that little redneck bit a few minutes ago.
Now, let me ask you something.
Why is it that the grease may have got fired for making that reference?
But you play that bit saying, flat out that drag niggers behind trucks.
The mobile is raising holy hell down here.
Because it was a sat there.
And it's obvious it's a part of the sat there.
It's making fun of the people who did that and making them look like they asked.
He was saying it himself.
He was saying it himself.
Yeah, but two things.
He didn't say nigger, although he was referring to them.
So what if he said no wonder they dragged darkies down?
What difference does it make what the word was?
He was making fun of it.
We're making fun.
We're making fun of the people who did it.
Yeah, I agree that you shouldn't have gotten fired for it.
Are you listening to what I just said?
I think we're taking a poke at the people who did it while the doctor is taking a poke in my arm.
OK.
Oh, painless.
One more observation of our installations in this country.
Yes.
OK.
Why is it that?
Now I'm not telling you about this somewhere.
It's not going to be late.
That asshole that killed those 20 people out in Italy a little while ago.
Why is it that blacks in this country that they say that the white justice system in this country
isn't in justice and they have to ride?
But here's the asshole who flies like Tom Cruise and top gun.
Kill 20 people and nobody's riding in Italy.
How do you explain that?
Because they got a better good controller out there on the street corners with the Uzi.
That's why.
Take care, Neil.
OK.
OK.
I got to hang up on the other side.
How am I going to do this?
Ah!
OK.
You ready him?
I don't mean get ready him.
We got to cut him off.
OK.
I'm sitting here doing a show with a needle in my arm.
And you had a little tough time because I've got very invisible veins.
You had a real tough time finding my veins.
I do it by braille anyway.
Yeah.
I noticed.
So anyway.
And he said, you don't need me.
You'll be OK.
So that's pretty much going to do it.
I'll tell you one thing.
If you get all the lines up real quick, we might reconsider and not join the ball game.
Let's see how this works.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
0, 5, 60.
On the AT&T wireless line.
If everybody called, we got like, what, 15, 20 seconds.
If we get air be line on the board, lid by that point.
We might just not run the ball game.
We'll keep the show going.
OK.
It's up to you.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
No lines, lid yet.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound.
I got like, what, four lines, lid.
Pound, 5, 60.
On the AT&T wireless line.
Come on.
Come on.
Time to go.
Two seconds.
God dammit.
