Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami-Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
So what do you think, more box-cours?
560 Salvo. 0560 toll-free for Daden Browerd or pound 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM
or the Beasley broadcast group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
Sometimes I feel myself.
I hate you daddy. Daddy, you sucky.
My short face. Did he?
His chest things are no.
Daddy, you're a loser.
I would backloon my pants.
I think mommy cheats on you.
Lies man, man, I'll be here.
Daddy, why don't you get a job?
Daddy, you smell like beer.
I'm dropping out of high school.
Daddy, I'm pregnant.
I don't know who the father is.
I asked to turn chick back.
I drove the car into a tree.
Can you just send me some sugar ass?
Hang out about adults for the bride and groom.
Daddy, I'm getting married again.
Dad, that's my ass.
I think I have cifola.
Hey Pop, we're moving in.
Daddy, I'm going to give you the more.
Butterfly kisser.
Dad, I asked me to.
I'm a lesbian.
All right.
So what could be wrong with that?
1045, 60 WDQAM.
Happy Monday to you.
A lot of crap went on this weekend.
Man, heavy, heavy, heavy, duty cramp.
Tom Jicke has got a thing in here about, see,
nobody in this audience cares about your rose blowing up.
And all that's been getting suspended for two days.
Nobody cares.
I'm not saying that on Friday to anybody.
By the way, I played that for all you fathers out there.
Even though it's one day late, better late than ever.
I wasn't going to work on Sunday.
Perfect for Father's Day.
But nevertheless, Tom Jicke writes a piece in here
in the Saturday Sun Sentinel about the fact that your rose blows up.
After one to many commercials, we'll get to that.
Then Gary Betman does it again.
Nice going, Gary.
I tell you about that little Jew from Cornell.
I told you, piece of crap sitting there watching that game,
4 1,5 hours, almost five goddamn hours to 125 in the morning Saturday night.
Only the National Hockey League that has a death wish.
Only the National Hockey League would let it champion.
If you know they're going on about this is the most difficult trophy to win in the world.
It's the 4 7 game series.
You have to win.
There's no 5 game series.
4 7 game series.
You have to win the Stanley Cup.
So why not give it an awarded on a bogus school that's in the count of the first place?
Why not do that?
Right, Gary, you stupid little bastard.
God, he's the antichrist.
I'm telling you that right now.
The National Hockey League will never make it until I get rid of that goddamn little Gary Betman.
His ass should be kicked out now.
I'll be more than glad to stick my foot up his back.
No, piece of crap.
But anyway, then of course we had the, you know, I go out of town for a couple of days.
I go up to Toronto, see all my good friends up there.
Most of whose names I don't know, but nevertheless.
Hey, listen, you don't have to know somebody's name, okay?
You remember a face, whatever it is you remember, you know, yeah, that too.
But at any rate, I come back here and it's like the world has come to an end down here.
What's going on?
Customs first laid in decline of chance to amend declaration.
I thought we had these right winged e-touchers people in their entail, Nancy.
Isn't that what you people wanted?
Somebody who was a real good Christian.
Somebody who would never tell a lie.
The wife of Florida's governor was quite reluctant to tell US Customs agents
that it landed as Hartstead International Airport that she bought $19,000 in clothing, jewelry, and perfume
during her recent vacation in Paris in Gay Pari.
Oh, I hope she didn't hear that word Gay Pari.
She probably even ever has breakdown.
First, Columbus Bush, what kind of a name is that?
Anyway, Columbus.
Oh, she's the Mexican one, right?
Yeah, he's, that's right.
This is the governor that's got the kids, whatever they are.
The Mexicans.
Anyway, Columbus to clearly $500 worth of purchases.
Then when Customs official stumbled upon her receipts tucked into her passport,
it'll pass a port though.
She's still denied spending more.
Liar, liar, pants on fire, Colomba.
The receipts were for old purchases, she said.
Another lie.
When Gabriel had an opportunity to change her declaration,
and I believe she said, no, said US Customs spokesman Patrick Jones.
It was only when they found the goods after searching her luggage on Thursday
that Florida's first lady finally fasted up.
How do you like that?
Was she lying?
Yeah, she was lying to regard them teeth.
She could have been more upfront, Jones said.
Instead, they found the items Bush had bought during a four-day purification she took last week.
It was the vacation promise to her by her husband,
Gryron, or Jeff Bush during his campaign last year.
Bush was treated no differently than anyone else would be in the same situation, Jones said.
And the agents didn't know was the governor's wife until afterward, obviously.
Several calls to the governor spoke to them, Corey Tilly on Friday and Saturday,
one unreturned.
The governor was scheduled to be at a 730 PM dinner on a Republican Party chairman,
Alberto Cardinist Saturday, but didn't attend.
Colomba Bush was able to pay $4,100 civil fine,
three times more than the duty she would have paid on the merchandise if she would have declared it stupid bitch,
then catch the next flight to Tallahassee.
And the statement released from Tallahassee on Friday, she said,
I'm sorry for exercising bad judgment,
and I can assure everyone this will never happen again.
What she said, until next time, until I can get away with it.
How do you like that, huh?
All you Bush liquors out there in this audience, that's right.
All you people that think that we got a governor who's a real upstanding great guy,
never stole a freight train,
with those great license plates we got,
choose life,
don't choose the truth, just choose life.
There you go. Don't choose to be honest.
Don't choose to pay the goddamn duty on this stuff you just brought in here from God, damn gay,
hooray. No, don't do that. Choose life.
And like I've always told you for the last four or five hundred years now,
all these people, not most of them,
every goddamn last one of them.
The holy pontificators, every one of them is nothing but a goddamn hypocrite.
The louder they scream about how pious they are,
and they're better than everybody else,
and the God this, and the Lord,
that's the more that means they're full of crap.
Okay? You can smell it.
In fact, the customs agents probably could smell it.
They didn't even need those goddamn drug-sniffing dogs,
you should pardon the expression.
Speaking of drugs, by the way, this building,
we're gonna have to do something about that.
I think we're gonna get a permanent DEA guy in this building,
now seriously, this is the drug building.
Somebody said to me last week, this is the Tanner building,
this isn't the Tanner building, this is the drug building.
I think we need a raid in here.
We need a good DEA raid, clean this place out.
Excellent show last night, Haroldo.
By the time you know, when you do 50,000 show sooner or later,
you're gonna do a good one.
We're getting a night in a minute.
About the juvenile approach to the drug problem in the USA.
The war on drugs, is it a war on drugs?
Is it a war? No.
Is it working? No.
No.
We got all those people behind bars, locked up,
all those hardened criminals behind bars.
That was a gut-wrenching show that came across by us,
and anybody see that? No.
Of course not.
Boy, it's gonna be a brutal day today.
I'm telling you, I'm just gonna want to pluck a goddamn alarm clock.
Nine minutes after 10 to 5.60 WQM,
you wanna go out and have yourself a good time at this town.
Not easy.
It's almost illegal in the state of Florida, thanks to our governor,
but nevertheless, you can't go to Hollywood Seminole Gaming
any time in the woods, drugs, you may be getting a little bit lucky too.
Get fish.
Get the mooo!
Melrose plays won't be on tonight,
so don't miss the premiere of the new CBS show,
Bush.
One full hour of nothing but girls.
Tall one, short one, blonde, brunette, red head.
Kate, a model.
We can't remember what she had for breakfast.
Laura, athletic.
If it's hard, she's on it.
Bush.
Girl.
Girls and more girls for one solid hour.
Through it in tonight, NC.
Bush.
Okay, give it a rest for me.
10.14 at 5.60 WQM.
Yeah, we got this.
Pius governor guy that is a pius wife, okay?
But at the meantime, she's smugged within all kinds of crap from Paris.
Nice going, sweetheart.
Whatever your name is.
Bitch, Colomba.
Rose blows up after one too many commercial,
so says Tom Jicca.
I'll get back to the hurrah or show them in a minute.
By the way, let's take our one call.
The week here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Me, oh.
Yes.
Listen, I've got doubt.
Yeah.
Can I get a full care product?
Yeah.
Anyway, Rose blows up.
Yeah, I told you we wouldn't get any calls this week.
I thought maybe we actually had one there with somebody who was like a real call,
because everybody's going now.
And thank God.
And God bless them.
Anybody that got out of here that packed up their little kids and got the hell out.
Nice going, guys.
Oh!
Anybody that would stay here during the summertime is either I got no choice or out of their mind
or just a schlepper, one of the above.
Even a schlepper is ought to be like hitchhiking.
Just get out of here.
Do yourselves a favor.
Find a real place.
WQAM encourages its personalities to be outspoken and to express controversial opinions on
here.
It says Tom Jicca, this policy does not extend the matters of the station, so it says Tom.
Joe Rose, one of the try-hosts of the first team has been suspended for two days,
Friday and Monday, meaning today, for the intro office blow up on Wednesday.
Rose became incensed when a commercial break during his morning drive program extended
to nine minutes.
See, this, I hate to break the news to you, Tom.
The commercial breaks on actual been nine minutes for as long before our Jesus was a baby, okay?
What are you talking about, Tom?
An exceedingly long period that encourages two outs as Tom.
Neo Rogers has a clause in his WQAM contract that limits breaks to four minutes.
Rose took his anger on a program director Duff Lindsay, who has no power over the situation.
See, now why don't you explain what that means, Tom?
I mean, technically you're correct, but again, what you should be saying is the program director doesn't
determine a commercial load on this station, okay?
Using colorful language as in you and your mama and at two, which would get bleeped off the
ear, Rose be rated Lindsay and the station in front of several staff members, the insubordination
in front of the co-workers as much as what he said led to Rose's suspension, and he said, don't call me Rose.
The matter was exacerbated by Roger who described the scene in detail on his popular program.
Nice going, Tom.
There you go. He didn't get me in the TV book yesterday, but he got me in the article on Saturday.
And I was going, Tom, always liked that Tom Zicki, you know what?
Always said good things about him except for the fact that he's body stuffy.
But other than that, look at that, I'm coughing up crap from him this weekend.
Ooh, look at that.
So anyway, there you go.
Joe Rose out for two days Friday in the this morning and they got to it, okay?
DeFo was still waffling all over the place like he always does.
I think, I don't know, you know, like he always does.
You know, we all strong opinions in it.
That's a DeFo good guy, but Wimpy and Geldy was, you know, doing his thing.
So what's the big deal, okay? All those meant to, and then I hear people talking at DeFo were watching two things.
This is the QAM audience. Okay, and you wonder why the world's going to hell in a hand basket, watching a golf tournament over the weekend and women's soccer.
I'm going to tell you something. If there are any of you people listening right now who watch either golf or women's soccer during weekend, please, please have them turn off the respirator right now before it's too late.
No, no, seriously.
Golf, which I've told you for years, if you want to go out there and play, get an exercise, have a few beers with a guy's whatever, you know, go ahead.
I won't tell anybody.
But people who watch golf on television and people who would watch women's soccer and see this is what's going on now.
Because the American public are so goddamn bored because they were there convinced that they're missing out on something.
I'm not sure what it is, but they've been convinced, the good bill of goods that they're missing out on something.
And so we have to have more and more leagues and more and more sports and we got indoor soccer and outdoor soccer and outdoor soccer and outdoor football and arena football.
And Ted Turner wants to start another goddamn football league and just on and on and on.
How the matter doors doing, by the way.
Yeah, how the fusion doing.
Yeah.
That's what we need.
Like I told you before, I think I was way ahead of my time.
A stadium and arena on every goddamn street corner will tear down the records in the Walgreens and instead will have a stadium and a goddamn arena on every corner with some goddamn ballgame going on in there.
There won't be any fans in there, but there'll be some goddamn event going on on every goddamn street corner in America.
And then all you sports there or doctor can say, yeah, right now we got something to sink our teeth into.
Yeah, sink your teeth into this.
Okay, idiots, lifeless fools watching golf and women's soccer watching a bunch of big ugly hairy bull dikes out there kicking it around in a soccer ball too.
Just what we need. Then of course we got the WNVA coming to Miami.
I live bull dikes.
You know, it's the one thing I'm discovering the older that I get.
There are as an endless supply of bull dikes in the world.
I mean, there must have to be a factory.
We're not serious.
There must be a place where they stamp them out.
They're hairy just like that very nice guy called from a plantation.
We hear two ago on the show and she was bitterly complaining about all the ugly bull dikes.
She said, aren't there any like attractive lesbians down here?
No.
No.
You all have a lot of facial hair, a lot of hair under their armpits, some hair on their...
Correct them.
...and all over the place.
I think they even have like a little hair on their breasts too just to make the cheese more binding.
And that's where it's at.
Okay, lesbians all over the goddamn place.
The world is loaded with lesbians.
So we got to have more sports, you know, more stuff for them to compete in.
Participate.
So anyway, where all those got to show that I came, which I can't stand, where all though he makes me physically ill just to see him.
But I'm Channel Surferin last night.
And here's a show on NBC, which finally for once in our lives, you know, how come it's got to be Geraldo?
Who's got no credibility at all anyway?
Why can't we have these all over the place, these shows?
Exposing this fraud that goes on here.
America's war on drugs.
Oh yeah, it's working good, isn't it?
Is it working?
No.
Oh, it's really doing the job.
And Geraldo points out that in like civilized places like in all of Europe,
Australia and Canada, that they deal with drug problems as health problems.
People that are like hooked on drugs, people that are like screwed up on drugs.
It's a health problem, not a crime problem.
Not a puts this bastard in jail for 20 years and locked the door and throw away the key problem.
But in America, because you pokeers out there, like to feel like you're doing a really good job.
So let's see, maybe we can get like 90% of the population behind bars.
Yeah, by the end of the next century, maybe we can get like 98% of the population behind bars.
Then imagine no traffic problems.
And they will have a captive audience.
We'll just make sure there's a goddamn radio in every cell.
They can put out arbitrarian die, reason all the prisons.
Everybody in America's got to be behind bars because everybody's smoking a wick and weed.
Everybody's like, yeah, right.
They deal with it like a goddamn crime in this country.
And it's a joke. It's an insult to our intelligence.
And there's a significant segment of the people out there in radio land all over this country who believe this crap.
Oh, yes, the government has to keep fighting this. Isn't that great?
They just confiscated another big load of weed that just was coming in from wherever it was coming in.
Probably from inside this building is where it was coming in from.
Oh, they won't let any out.
Or like I said, it wasn't from inside this building. They keep it all inside.
Oh, and by the way, before I get back to the drug thing, very big news.
Tom Jucki, you better put this in the calm tomorrow.
Power 96 was blasting the music again this morning before I came in.
See, they don't do it after I come in because they know I'll pitch them out.
They were blasted at the walls of Jericho were tumbling down in this place.
And Diffle and Gilder were in there.
They did a little bit too loud. You know, like that.
But leaving to our program director, the fact that Greg Reed is still out of town today.
That Mary, you have something to do with his newly found muscle, like he's flexing, he's flexing it.
And his muscle too.
He has fired the entay. It's suspended the entire staff of Power 96.
For crack in that music up too loud. How do you like that?
He don't even work on Power 96.
Kid Curry don't know anything about it yet. But the entire staff of Power 96 suspended for two days.
For putting the music up too loud and screwing up with our morning show. Nice going, Diff.
I told you he'd put you up someday. You know what I'm saying?
Switting with getting back to the God damn drugs.
All of Europe, Australia, Canada, our neighbor to the Northwide just was this weekend.
I guarantee you won't see anybody on church street or young street or any other God damn street.
Getting busted not that they're smoking weed openly up there because they're not.
But nevertheless, they have better things to, you know, they have better, more important things to worry about up there.
Like who want to God damn hockey games here tonight? And how come they let that goal stand?
Those are the kind of important things that they're worried about up there.
And it's the most, you know, cold. Those are the things that they're concerned about.
Not as somebody smoking a little bit of weed. They had two women on their last bite.
It's enough to make you scream. It's enough to make you go nuts.
And of course they happen to be black women. Not that we have any discrimination.
See, I know this is going to come as a shock and I have a difficult time saying this.
But I'm starting to reach a point in my life where I'm beginning to understand even though I don't agree.
But I'm beginning to understand the just total frustration of black people in this country
with it makes them embrace OJ.
Okay, even though OJ is a scumbag, he's not one of their people.
He's the wrong person, but nevertheless, what they're really saying is,
okay, one of our people got away even though he may not want to be one of our people.
He can't change his skin color. One of these sparks has got away, killed two white people.
And finally, we got a little bit of a payback. Okay, that's what they're saying.
And as much as I find that repugnant and disgusting, nevertheless, I'm beginning to be able to relate to it.
Here were these two women and one woman, she's got two little kids, no police record,
neither one of these women ever have any kind of police record, any kind of problem with the law or anybody else.
And a one woman, she was given a bag. She transported a bag with three ounces of cocaine in it.
And under the great Nelson Rockefeller law in the state of New York, that piece of crap.
From 26 years ago, 1973, she's in a slumber. 17 years, no eligibility for parole.
Let me say it again, no eligibility for parole.
We have people who murder people, first and then murder, who get out after serving seven or eight or ten years.
How do you like that? That's your criminal justice system for you, okay?
That's the American way. Amen.
Then they had the one guy on there who, you know, his big crime was growing weed in the backyard.
He's in for 20 years in the state of New York out of the Rocky Feller law.
Is this what you want? And then they talked about the fact that these people on average do longer than people of commit violent crimes.
We're talking about nonviolent crap.
But let's just keep building more jails and more prisons and put everybody away because God only knows we have to,
we have to profess to be a bunch of goody-two shoes. That's the problem with America.
We love our guns and one thirty in the morning, the other night, Thursday night, Friday morning.
The NRA bought out your Congress again as they always do.
One thirty in the morning when everybody was asleep and nobody could see the embarrassment.
That's okay. Guns are great, but drugs are evil and people that have anything to do either.
I wonder what happened to Columbus. She would have had a little weed or something in her suitcase there coming back from Paris, huh?
Poor Columbus bush. All she did was try to like smuggle in about twenty thousand dollars worth of stuff that she bought in the,
to avoid having to pay the goddamn duty on it. I say, duty on her is what I say.
But if it would have been some schlepper that would have come in with like a half an ounce of weed from Amsterdam or somewhere,
straight to jail baby, drug smugglers, fifteen years easy.
We're talking crazy people is what we're talking about and we're talking about this hypocritical double.
It's like the thing with Bubba and Monica, you know, with the blow jobs.
Airby, airby guy in this country wants blow jobs. Believe me when I tell you, everybody in this country wants to get head.
But oh my god, if the president's doing it, then we got to have an inquisition.
Then we got to have a big, then he's a perfect, we got to have a big son at dance because the president's getting some head.
I say if Al Gore would come on a year tomorrow and say, hey, guess what?
I like to get good head just as much as Bubba. His pull ratings, his pull would rise and his ratings too.
That's right. And by the way, I hate to break the news to those Nazis on Sunday morning on ABC.
We're still giving a song and a dance about how Hillary Clinton is behind.
I hate to break the news to you. New York Daily News. I bought it at the airport in Toronto yesterday.
That will raise eight points ahead. But don't confuse George Willem, all those other fascists on the Sunday morning, our fascists on the ABC with the truth
because they're in there. Bapapapapia, you know, manipulating public opinion in that cookie Roberts.
She should only croak.
Be criminalized pot in Florida.
So can a dance our woman need a prayer?
I don't see. We'll not cure on your head.
I hate to crack my toes by your side. You take your toes and feet.
And the leader's like a party fool.
And the dance I'll see.
All right.
I hate to break the news to those Nazis on Sunday morning on ABC.
All those other fascists on the ABC with the truth.
All those other fascists on the ABC with the truth.
All those other fascists on the ABC with the truth.
They told me to tell you you're full of crap. That's right.
Everybody in their brother in this country, they talk one game and they want their lives to be in the air.
And here's a classic example of what goes on in this country, how juvenile we are from El Segundo, California.
McCell incorporated is changing the packaging of its tarzan action figure.
After some people said the dolls movements were sexually suggestive. How do you like that?
Oh, he's doing it.
Raising the right arm of the 30 centimeter high, rad repeat in tarzan switches on and recording of his jungle yell.
The problem is that the spring loaded arm can be pumped rapidly up and down from Tarzan's chest to below his loincloth.
A motion some people call suggestive.
That's why he's making no sounds, baby. What do you think he's yelling about?
Squirt, squirt, squirt.
Exactly.
Although nobody has complained to the company, Tarzan's performance has been noted in messages on Seminana chat rooms since that I'll reach door three weeks ago.
The jerk in Tarzan.
He's jerking his jerking and everybody's excited about it.
I think this is where a adult look at things through a different set of eyes.
Mattel Spokesman, Sarah Rosalie, said yesterday, no changes will be made to the doll itself.
However, the company is making sure the arm will be secured in the open front package so it cannot drop below Tarzan's waist while the toy is still in the store.
Once you take it home, it can puff away like crazy, okay?
Until he's in the prone position and passed out.
But other than that, in the store we don't want Tarzan's hand, but it sounds like a Joan Crawford thing, you know?
Or she used to tie her kids hands behind his back when he went to bed at night because God forbid his hands should slip under his waist?
We're gotten Tarzan.
He'd like to swing from the goddamn rope and a jungle, but we got his hands tied again, okay?
Like everybody else.
That's what Duff Lindsey said.
I'd like to get more done around here, but my goddamn hands are tied and he seems to be enjoying it.
Here's a fact that since Jeb loves license plates so much, here's a new one for him.
Choose to pay import duty.
There you go. Choose life and why you're at it. Choose to pay import duty.
How do you like that? All these phony like I told you.
Henry Hyde, he's Hyde Knit.
Dan Coase, he was Hyde Knit.
The more they talk, the more they're full of crap, and the more skeletons you'll find, all over.
Not just in her closet, every room in a house. Even the tea room they got closet.
Swinging from the ceiling.
Here's a mobile in the game.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you today?
Great.
Listen, I was watching the news over the weekend, and I, the only person that realized that the Russians went into
Corsival to hold the whole...
It went into Corsival to hold us hostage and have debts reduced.
Did you hear about that?
So what about this?
Well, I think it's focused.
Yeah.
They're doing the same thing they did in the Second World War.
They got into the sector of Germany. They got it.
Yeah.
They wanted a piece. Everybody wants a piece and the Russians wanted a piece.
You ever see those Russian women?
That's why they left Russia. That's why they want a piece and place else. Excellent points, sir.
God bless you.
560, 7.0560, 0.560 on a mobile one line.
It's going to be a long, ponderous week, but it doesn't bother me because they know that most people from down here,
there's someplace else, having a really good time.
And God bless them.
Here's a mobile in deer field. Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Okay, sir.
Listen, did you know that two weeks ago in Miami at the Fair Blue, there was a conference
by the National Association of Drug Court Professionals?
Do you know what a drug court is all about?
About what professional?
National Association of Drug Court Professionals.
No.
Well, drug courts, the very first one was seven years ago in Miami.
And they've been tracking it ever since.
And it's grown to the point where there are about 400 of them operating in this country right now.
So, 100 of what?
Drug courts.
Now, I'll tell you what drug court is.
When someone gets charged with a drug offense, a nonviolent, non-dealor drug offense,
they sometimes, they're given the option of going to drug court,
where instead of putting them in jail, they're given them the option of not an option,
like it's up to the judge, and to the case worker, and the prosecutor,
of either going for probation with random drug screening,
or to referring them to inpatient or outpatient treatment,
or referring them to 12-step recovery fellowships.
But here's the kick.
They've been tracking this for seven years,
and the reason why they're backing it now,
and it was part of the National Drug Control Policy.
I mean, McCampry was at this convention,
which was there the nation's first bulldog in.
And Adirino was there.
For every dollar they spend on drug court,
they're saving $10 on incarceration and the criminal justice system.
So all things really not about what's best for the person that's got a drug problem,
it's all about dollars.
And as long as their attitude is how they're going to save money,
and not how we're going to deal with the problem,
they're never going to deal with the problem.
So I just want to let you know, anyway, it was little...
Well, when you say the problem, first of all,
it's a problem that they created.
If you're talking about people that are like hooked on heroin,
or have cocaine brought out problems to the point where they're like,
you know, ripping off 7-Eleven's and gas stations,
then there's a problem.
Well, you know, if you allow 10 tons of this stuff to come into Miami every month,
you know, some of this...
10 tons of what?
Of whatever?
Of weed?
Of weed?
If you let 10 tons of marijuana?
Of weed?
Some of the citizens are going to get screwed up.
With what?
With drugs?
With weed?
Doesn't matter.
You won't, you won't, we say it doesn't matter, okay?
How about a regular?
Will that do it too?
No.
Huh?
Oh my god, this guy's got too much time on his hands.
It's with the TYME, with an H.
Give me a break already, will you?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, I understand.
You can't have a conversation about this in this country,
because like I've told you before, most of what's in the minds of the American public
has been planted there by somebody else.
They've been very well brainwashed.
We're always hearing about when, you know,
Castro's got the Cubans brainwashed,
and the Russians had their people brainwashed.
Well, you know, it's no different here.
Absolutely no different here.
Government does a really good job of brainwashing and doctorating.
That's why in Louisiana now we've got the polite police.
That's right.
Go to school in Louisiana who's got a crazy governor this guy.
This guy's crazy in the bed bug.
Not bad enough.
We're going to have the 10 commandments, you know,
on the walls at all the schools.
That's really going to change a lot, isn't it?
No.
No.
But now we've got the polite police in Louisiana.
And the kids have to say, yes sir, and yes man,
that's you're going to change a lot of things.
They had one educator running this morning talking about,
and of course, Louisiana is always at the bottom of the list,
even worse than Florida and per capita spending for students.
The worst education system in America.
They got no classrooms.
They got no textbooks.
They got no teachers that can, you know, say a spelled her name.
But the kids would be more polite.
Now I say put them in nice little brown uniforms,
and I happen to do a little goose step.
Sounds good.
Yes sir, yes sir.
Yes man, whatever you say sir.
Teach them to put that arm up in the air at a 45 degree angle.
Yes sir, good little obedient Nazis.
That's going to do it.
Just calm down.
Okay, just don't expend all your energy on this place.
21 before 11 at 5,
60 WQM in fact, when you get all worked up like I am right now,
the best thing to do is take a deep breath, sit back,
put a nice big round when you're pushed from next to the guards,
and just say, good, you know, just say,
if that's right, nothing I'm going to do to change the world.
Just sit here and do the best you can.
So light upon all those great predominant reserve actors,
or one of those Cuban bullets.
Man, speaking of Fidel, he even, he never had a Cuban bullet like that one,
although it's not a bad idea.
Neil God?
I don't know what you think about that.
Tell me that you love my life.
Yeah.
I know that you keep on checking up my sight.
Don't let you close on every year.
Check out my breath, they're poking my mouth up that again.
All right.
It comes onto me and there's some things in my head.
And it sounds so hard, but if you want to take me,
so there's things about me, I don't think you know.
I'm on the way.
Yeah.
And I'm sure you should just get on me,
because you could go to jail and just leave with me.
It's a free, you left a friend on me.
She was 25, but she's just a thief.
Perfectly, I've been my last of three.
Daddy called a cop tonight.
So I got some perfect Tuesday,
because I've had such a big, known a monster,
which by me,
never to think right around of my show.
She's a great, she's okay.
You should be scared of death.
Yeah.
And this world is those friend-beaters inside of mine.
She's looking right.
She looks just the same.
At 46 at 5.60 WQAM.
So anyway, here's a fact.
Let's go to show you the kind of idiots that we have out there,
the so-called sports band.
Wait till you hear this fact from LoneStar22,
we call them Silverpaw,
whichever one he's calling himself today.
It says,
Who is the Stanley Cup Champion?
The Dallas Stars underlying with a whole bunch of crap.
Does anybody care here?
No.
I know you don't agree with the goal I was scored.
It's not a question whether I agree with it.
The goal shouldn't have counted.
It's not a question that I agree.
It's not like a multiple choice question, okay?
Was it a goal I should have stood?
No.
But all I heard you say all season,
Too Bad!
If the rules were reversed,
you'd be saying just that today,
Too Bad, if Dallas didn't earn the last goal, Too Bad.
How do you like that, huh?
So in other words,
a Stanley Cup Championship,
they played four freaking rounds.
You have to win 28 games to win it,
or whatever it is,
16 games,
four seven game series,
to win a goddamn Stanley Cup.
And it's idiot because his team won it,
or a support from the BrotherCash to bet on a goddamn game.
He's happy that they won regardless of what was
a greasy goal and shouldn't have counted.
Nice go, I'm Gary Betman, you idiot.
You're simple to new...
Ninkam poop, idiot.
Here's a call from Texas.
Hello?
Hey Neil, I'm all right.
What are we, what this is about?
Yes sir.
I just want to let you know that I missed you very much.
I was formerly from Miami, Florida.
You were formerly from Miami?
Yeah, I got transferred over here,
from a federal agent,
and here in the valley,
protecting our borders here.
I just want to let you know that...
You don't want any more of those Mexicans in?
Oh no, no, no, no.
I'm going to drug agents.
Yeah.
And I just want to...
You know, our mayor,
one of the problems is just incredible,
where you get seizures up to 500 to 6000 pounds a day.
What, what do you mean our problem is incredible?
What, what's the problem?
Oh, the mayor,
want a problem that's going...
What, what, what is the problem?
Hello?
I'm, sir, are you listening to me?
Yes I am.
Then why do you say hello?
Why not?
We said a little like two minutes ago.
I'm up to the cell phone.
Yeah.
And it's kind of...
Okay, cutting out.
Okay, let me say it again.
What is the mayor want a problem?
Is it like, refer madness?
Is that the problem?
No, you know what?
It's not the problem inside the United States.
Of the users.
Our problem is the traffickers.
That's the problem.
And those are the ones that should be getting the heavy penalties and punishment.
But those aren't the ones who are behind bars.
Exactly.
And last night, Terala said they kept calling them drug kingpins.
And most of the drug kingpins are...
In fact, the two black women they had who were in jail for 17 and 20 years,
they said, I don't even know any blood drug kingpins.
You know, I just made one mistake.
And I'm in here for 17 years in one case,
and 20 years in the other, I can't get out.
So people that are getting arrested are not the drug kingpins.
Yeah.
So then what are you guys doing?
So what's it all about?
What's the problem?
We're not making it look good for the public.
So people are scared of talking.
So they're not going to...
So then what's the point?
Exactly.
Why not put the drug kingpins out of business by legalizing,
or at least decriminalizing it like they do in any place else where they got brained
and take away their whole industry?
You know, this is just like how we made all the money for the mafia.
You know, prostitution, gambling, all the stuff, you know,
when we had the prohibition with booze,
all the stuff that the public wants
and the government won't let them have.
That's where the mob makes all their money.
Well, you know what?
The thing about marijuana, it's something that it still hasn't been a completely studied
because marijuana is a gateway drug to other drugs.
Oh, just like alcohol is a gateway drug.
Just like having a beer is going to make you an alcoholic.
You know how old and stale that argument is, sir?
But you know what marijuana is more than a single?
It's juvenile.
How come with all the people smoking pottening in the Netherlands,
they don't have all these other drug problems?
How come that is?
Because they don't have access to the other drugs as much as they want to.
The hell they don't.
The hell they don't.
But it is very controlled by the government.
And how come in all these countries in Western Europe
or the drinking aid?
Some countries they don't even have a drinking aid.
How come they're not all running around stone out of their minds all day
and drunk driving like we are here?
So I hate to break the news to you, sir.
There's something called the forbidden food.
And when you try to prohibit people from having something that they want,
then they want it even more because it makes it that much more glorified.
How long has these cultures been exposed to the drinking and the wage?
They've gone through the whole process.
For sure, for sure.
For sure, for sure, for us since God made little green apples.
That's right.
And you know what happens if we legalize them now,
we're going to have a couple of hundred years where it's going to be horrible.
And then maybe you're talking about what?
Marijuana?
Yeah.
A couple of hundred years it's going to be horrible.
People are going to be holding up convenience stores and gas stations
so they can go on by marijuana legally.
And then eventually it will be stabilized, like just in Europe.
Sir, are you, are you, are you, we have it a conversation?
When's the last time you heard of somebody holding up a goddamn convenience store
so they can get money to buy marijuana?
About crack.
I'm talking about, we're not talking about co-cane.
We're talking about marijuana.
Okay, so cheap right now, you don't have to do that.
Okay, thanks.
We'll give us the numbers, okay?
Give us some phone numbers.
We got a whole building to supply here.
Okay, thank you, sir.
Hey, there's one of your DEA people calling from Texas allegedly.
Oh my God.
I rest my case.
Oh, we're going to have 200 years of hell here.
Let's get that reframadist thing out again, okay?
Crazy people is what we're talking about.
What a fix.
De-liciously, get this man over the homeless voice.
Get this man over the homeless voice.
Oh.
But anyway, don't get psychotic and upset because like I said before,
it's a whole DEA, the whole concept of it.
It's another one of those bureaucracies that has to justify its existence.
And so as a result, we got assholes like this guy saying all of these things, you know.
Here's a tamara, Kellogg.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Great.
Listen, something you just touched a while ago, I'm a Broward County School teacher.
Yes.
I will never.
I don't care what the state said.
I will never post a tank of mime in front of my classroom.
Never.
I'm a Catholic.
Right.
But there's something in this country that when this country was founded called the Constitution,
as a separation of church and state.
I was watching these two bird brains the other day on CNN who was a Ralph Reed and Pat Roberts.
Oh, my God.
Saying that Jews and Muslims are going to go to hell because they don't believe in Jesus Christ.
Can you believe that?
Yes, I can, of course.
It's beautiful.
Isn't that nice thing?
How, and this country believing these people, like this D.A.A. that you just had.
Yeah.
It's not, I mean, help bird brain can this guy do 100 years of hell here if we had decriminalized marijuana.
It's not a sped occasion.
We're going to have people like just staggering about all over the place and it's a gateway drug to bigger drugs, you know.
Right.
Like a beer will drag you into booze, right?
That's like saying that if I eat a can, if I eat a can of Franco-American spaghetti, I'm going to become a pasta freak.
All those wine drinking Italian is meal.
You've been in Italy.
How many accents have you seen in the oldest trata because there were drunk?
That's correct.
You don't see, public drunkenness is so frowned upon in all of Italy.
I've never seen anybody staggering around drunk here at all.
I've been there 60 times, never seen it once.
I mean, as an American, I feel I'm a shame.
Leave it to the bird brains in this country.
In fact, remember, leave it to Bieber.
We got a news show. It's called Leave It to the Bird Brains. That's going to be the news show now.
You see what Congress did with the gun control?
Yes.
It's on the label.
They gave us the Bafan Ghoul at 130 in the morning. Right about the same time the hockey game ended two nights later.
They gave it to everybody who was watching, right?
Thank you. Nobody was watching.
That's right.
I mean, it's incredible.
Okay, I'll see it.
I'll see you with your pasta port, though.
Let me tell you, I'll be the first one in front of the Supreme Court saying to Ben the Ten Commandment.
Just say no to the Ten Commandment.
No.
How am I going to put something when I don't only have capital?
Just put up a big sign that says DNA, John, a Walther, and that's good enough.
Nearly. And my pleasure, I don't only have capital, because I have Jews and Muslims, too.
Well, they're all going to burn in hell anyway.
That's right. That's right.
Okay, well, I'll see you there.
See you later, and I have a good day.
Okay. Bye-bye.
See you all in hell, because that's where we're all going.
Hey, by the way, Pat Robertson, here's a message for you.
Do it.
Yeah.
Of course, we're going to have the uniforms. We're going to have the kids say yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
I mean, yeah, teacher respect is one thing.
And of course, anybody with a brain agrees with that, because we have like madness going on in the schools today.
But here's another one of the big stories over the weekend.
And I should come as a great surprise, of course, to all of us.
Athletes get a free ride, teachers say.
Four more acclaimed grades altered.
Isn't this like something new and...
No.
Yeah.
But going on since before, like I said before, Moses was an infant.
In the wake of a Harold report documenting inflated grades of prominent athletes,
current and former teachers at Central, Northern and Jackson High School say that Fs that they assigned a football and basketball players were changed to Bs.
Hey, and F looks a little like a B, you know?
Here, sir, sir.
Hey, how do you be?
How you be doing?
Fs were changed to Bs, because when you were a jock, you don't have to go to class, you go to win surfing maybe once a week.
That's about it.
In between like turning a sprinkler's on in the morning.
And that's all you got to do.
Bunch of hypocrites, a bunch of fawny baloney.
But if we say yes or yes, ma'am, everything's going to be just hunky-dour.
Now we're talking.
That's the American way.
Very simplistic idiotic superficial solutions to otherwise complex demanding problems.
That's the way to do it.
Just like Nancy Reagan said, just say, yeah.
Just say no to drugs, just say no to sex, just say no to everything.
Okay?
No to booze.
Well, we should have done with just said no to Nancy and Ronnie.
That's what we should have done.
Just like this other unit.
And let me say it again.
Here we got this guy that bushes waiting in the wings.
We got the one here in Florida already whose wife is a smuggling and all kinds of stuff here.
Twenty thousand dollars lying through her teeth.
And they're supposed to say an example.
See, I'd rather have a governor just like Bubba up there.
I'd rather have a governor's getting blow jobs every couple of days, okay?
Then worry about a governor whose wife is trying to avoid paying her fair share.
Which they got more money than God by the way the Bush family.
They got more money than...
No God!
That's for God damn sure.
And she don't want to pay her fair share.
She's breaking the freaking law, okay?
But God forbid, like I said before, if somebody should be bringing in a half an ounce
from the Netherlands or somewhere else, they're going straight to God damn jail.
Probably for like ten to fifteen, easy.
Here's Davie.
Hello?
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You saw a little bit of my funder.
I wanted to mention about the governor's wife.
I read that article this weekend.
Sanctimonious bitch.
I kind of tuned in a little late.
Another interesting article I was in the paper.
Did you read the thing on the Lilith Fair?
Oh yeah, that's the little one.
I'm so glad you reminded me.
Jerry Falwell says the Lilith Fair.
Oh wait, I've got that somewhere.
Oh, that's not the best.
Woo!
This is a conspiracy of the demons are behind the Lilith Fair.
Yes, yes.
Oh, I didn't bet enough that Tiki Winky turned out to be a faggot,
but now we got the Lilith Fair as a bunch of the demons in Goblin.
Evil women.
Oh my God.
Thanks for reminding me, sir.
I heard you talking about the piece this weekend, the drug problem.
Right.
I think it was said best when he said that America has lost the war on drugs,
but we've never surrendered.
Yeah, that's not a question.
I thought it was a great piece, sir, as much as people make fun of her,
although we're very...
Yeah.
You guys put it to work.
It was great.
In closing, I'd like to make a request.
Yes, sir.
Direction.
Okay.
Thanks.
We are EC, T-I-O-N.
It's a direction sign.
I'm about to kick off my shoes.
Drift off my dress.
It makes me wet when I see you, yeah.
A big iraction.
That's too big for my mouth.
I want a mercenary and a top of you.
And take it up my luber, aint it, move to.
Let them.
Give me an iraction.
I'll do that.
Hail, C-C-C-O-Wall.
He R-E-P-T-I-O-N.
I want to drink your balls.
I want to laugh while the audience is going to do a stir of these.
And that I'll give it a blow.
Here's a morning agent.
As big as this.
At least until you take up this.
I want to wrap on this around your clothing tube.
And make your water worth a floor with glue.
That's my mirror.
And it's on the circus side.
He R-E-P-T-I-O-N.
I want to drink your balls.
1203 and 560.
I'm Michael Burson, the solicitor.
I'm going to say it through the afternoon.
Take a look at that thing.
Because Duff's spent a lot of time making that schedule.
I think you can close peak at it.
We got Jim Mad Dog, Maddard, 6 to 10.
Yeah!
At Kaplan 10 o'clock.
So no bogging today.
Oh, thank God for that.
How about those marlins, baby?
Oh!
They're doing it.
Every day they're doing it.
Day after day after day.
Here's a thanks by the way that says I hope that Jack Ascolar,
who doesn't have the guts to respond to you when you ask him about marijuana,
is happy every day when he knows that people like that poor black woman
with absolutely no criminal record,
are rotting in a cell for almost 20 years when she could be a productive member of society.
That guy is exactly what's wrong with this country.
A brainwashed robot just repeating something he's heard like a good little parrot.
Absolutely correct, sir.
I'd like to know of any case in which someone who was high in marijuana
went berserk and tried to gouge his eyes out.
Rob a 7-11, got into a fight with somebody in a bar, shot somebody,
et cetera, and so on.
I sincerely hope that somebody plants drugs on your ass,
or you can rot in jail for a change,
will all be better off without you.
And you also has a thing here about milk.
That's right.
Milk is a gateway substance,
and when you start feeding your kids milk as little children,
they're going to start becoming hooked on goddamn dairy.
Ow!
That's right, all their lives are going to be going around.
Bittin' all that goddamn heavy flemmas,
because when you eat a lot of dairy,
nonstop flems, we'd art.
Plenty of that right now.
Gateway drug.
See, these are the kinds of cliches that America loves,
the kind of mindless, horse-crap, rhetoric,
stupid, idiotic cliches.
Oh, if you have a, you know,
let's get tyrannation back,
so she can break a bottle over your goddamn head, sir.
Because let's face it,
anybody that takes a drink of a beer,
slips a goddamn martini,
is going to become a raving out of control.
Alcoholic.
Running out there in his car,
just killing people left and right.
Anybody that even, even in hails like,
I mean, God, thank God that Bubba didn't inhale.
We'd have already been dropping nuclear weapons all over the world
if he would inhale one puff.
God, what kind of invasiles are we talking about?
A country that refuses to grow up.
How many times have I told you that?
And by the way, you know something I thought about it during a break
in a Voward Dallas fan,
I'd say, I'll take it to you.
You're right about that, but I'm not.
And the fact that I was rooting for Buffalo,
that makes me even more pissed off.
But if you're going to decide a championship,
don't do it on a bogus call like that.
How many times do I mean,
Hull didn't just have a toll in the crease.
Happiest skaters in the crease,
that piece of crap bread, Hull, okay?
Can't stand him.
You're played till 1.30 in the freaking morning,
and you let the thing get decided on a bogus call, goal?
Nice going, Gary.
I would say send him back to Cornell,
but I found out that they won't take him.
5670560, 0.560 on the mobile one line.
Here's Hull, here's Hull.
Mighty Kong.
Okay, thank you.
That's his weekly contribution of the show.
Here's a pay phone in Miami Beach. Hello.
Yes, I do.
That was a very weak one, too, yes, sir.
Yes, good morning, Neil.
Are you aware of the past history of Columbia Bush's family,
as far as the...
Columbia? Is that her name?
Columbia.
How come it's filled with no eye? It's just Columbia.
Columbia, okay.
Why don't we just refer to her from here on in, you know, as a f***ing bitch?
That would make it easier.
But anyway, her family was caught laundering drug money
through Costa Rica years ago.
Yeah.
I don't know if you were familiar with it.
No, I'm not.
All right.
Some of your listeners might...
Well, so maybe it runs into families, smuggling stuff in.
Right.
Well, what I ran worth the crap that you bought in Paris
that you don't want to pay him for duty on.
Anyway, it was the number of years ago.
I remember hearing about that.
And I just wanted to bring that attention.
Yeah.
And there might be some more pertinent details, you know,
some follow-up on that, too.
Well, what the reason is it going to make?
Well, just...
Nobody cares about that. Stop.
Nobody cared in the first place when this guy...
four years ago, Ryan is a goody-two-shoes,
is a pawn of the religious right.
And now all of a sudden, we're supposed to believe that he changed his spot
like a goddamn leopard.
Right.
No, it's just...
No, it's whenever somebody's exposed to, you know, like that.
It's, you know, it just kind of works the general public about that, you know.
But I don't see anybody that's irkary.
Nobody seems to give a crap on what he had.
I was going to get a pickover to pull over and call you from the pay phone.
So you're, you're, thank God, for you.
You're the only one who cares.
Yeah, one other thing.
Why don't they gonna make a rule change in the hockey next year about the...
Yeah, but too late for this year.
Yeah, I know it's too late.
Anyhow, nice talk.
And have a great day.
Only the national hockey league, like I said,
whatever championship decided on a bogus call,
a nice go and gary.
You little asshole, you.
No, we don't have any outrage about that.
The public, you know, they're more concerned
if somebody's going out there and smoking a little bit of weed.
That's evil.
But if the governor's wife is trying to smuggle in about then lying about it,
that's the best part.
She gets caught with her goddamn pantaloons down,
and she lies about it, makes a bulk of her stories.
How come her ass isn't in jail, by the way?
She lied and said that this was the receipts that they found her for old purchases.
Then they go through her luggage and find out that it's not for old purchases.
That the stuff is in there.
And she has to pay a $4,100 civil fine.
How about attempting the smuggler stuff and put her ass in jail?
I say let the two black women out there were on the goddamn herolware show in NBC last night.
Let them out of jail and put the governor's wife in there is what I say.
How do you like that?
Yeah!
Let's take a poll on that.
Let's do it.
Let's put the fucking bitch right in there behind bars.
Where she belongs?
Psychomontious, like I said before,
hypocritical assholes and they are ones that are running the country where everybody else is out there playing myjong.
That's the problem.
They are playing shuffleboard and myjong down here,
and the rest of the country are too busy trying to find a good weed.
I see if they would decriminalize it,
and they could go out of the cannabis connoisseurs like they have an Amsterdam,
they'd walk in, or they'd go into the neighborhood cafe,
and they'd have a little brown cafe.
Yeah, that one.
And that's it.
No big song and a dancing and a little menu.
What's on the menu today?
Here you go.
You know what I'm talking about?
You're mine.
Not here.
By the way, speaking of those Jamaicans,
wow, I read something yesterday.
Woohoo!
I don't want to get our Jamaican friends upset before.
I know that the board even loves neo-rodgers.
This is Robert Starr, one of the most best unsolved mysteries of our time.
Namely, who and what?
This thing they call the Lilith Fair.
What's with the name?
Where does it come from?
It's there actually a fair we call it with this group.
Yeah.
Frags and games and a prize for the largest watermelon hole in this case.
Maybe the largest melon, so I don't know.
I recently visited the Lilith Fair and couldn't find a single fair as well.
Not even a single sheepsharing contest or home made apple pie.
And who is this elusive Lilith?
The only Lilith scientists could come up with is the old TV series The Monsters.
Could she be part of this fair?
And if so, where are the rest of the monsters?
Like Eddie and Herman and Uncle Festus.
After some intense investigation, it appears that the Lilith Fair is not a fair at all.
A bunch of screaming women trying to form a singing group.
Except that none of them stay in the group long enough to make it work.
It's like a revolving door of different women getting together from town to town to try to get it right.
Jesus, what's wrong? Don't they pay enough for the conditions too bad to stay for longer than a gig?
How terrible this man is worse than Van Halen.
Question remains, what ever happened in a stable woman singing bands like Diana Watson, The St. Primes, The Sherels, The Porter Sisters.
I don't know this new religious band, Sister Hazel. She sounds pretty nice.
This note from Mrs. Stack regarding the Lilith Fair.
Do you think the lines for the lady's room and a regular concert alone try the Lilith Fair?
Every door she hits an employee's room, everyone!
She had to go so bad she applied for a job!
Somebody has any answers.
Who advice?
A hell of a woman can get their acts together, call me Herman, so mysterious.
It's a guy's dance, get the therapy, baby.
The demons and the witches and the goblins, them and that will just ask Jerry.
He'll tell you.
1115 at 5.
So if you thank God that these religious people aren't like you do a lot of voodoo and superstition and hookahs,
because like in a radio we do a lot of hookahs, hookahs, groups.
Here's a caller from Dallas who's been on there for a long time waiting to glow.
Hello?
I'll take it too.
Yeah.
Sorry I just wanted to call him.
Paul, just for that ending of that game.
Yeah, it was bad.
Well, you know, we had a great series going on and we didn't see it end like this.
I mean what's the point of playing for like 4.5 hours when you're going to end a goal on a game on a goal that shouldn't have counted?
Shouldn't have counted.
We feel bad.
No you don't.
Greats going on in an hour or so.
Uh huh.
Uh, I don't know.
I'd always be tainted.
There always be an asterisk next to it in the record books and greasy goal.
I'd like to put everybody back on the ice and going back and continue the game because that wasn't fair.
I think they should do that.
I think you could go back to Buffalo and finish the game play as long as they have to until somebody scores.
And then if Buffalo does win and still come up with game seven in Dallas tomorrow.
Exactly.
We'd like to see that.
I want to see seven games in.
Play on that slushy you got there, passed off as ice, you know?
Yeah, they put some new coolers in to keep the hot air out, but that's really not helping.
That just wanted to apologize for that one and actually feel a little bit better.
Maybe San Antonio's stomping next and maybe that one will be fair and thanks to less on the one.
Okay, have a great time pal.
Thank you.
I'm not going to be wanting to buck because I don't do I keep a crap about the next one?
No.
About San Antonio.
No.
About it's going to go uh, sweet.
No.
I don't care.
Couldn't care less.
That's football.
That's for the dark folks.
Okay.
They got to have their thing.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Speaking of the dark folks athletes and I'm sure not all of them were dark but some of them may have been.
Get a free ride.
Going back to that great story again.
Does anybody care about that?
No.
It's been going on for a long time.
Goes on college, goes on in high school.
Pretty soon it's going to be going on elementary school.
I'd say I caught 12 grade changes over the past eight years as Mike Vassow, 34, who taught health and lifestyle management.
Health and lifestyle management.
That's like wind surfing.
At Norland and Jackson before resigning in 1990 to go on a one year sabbatical.
He said I'm giving a student athlete an F or D in miraculously.
A C or a B would appear on a port car.
It's like a miracle.
I bet you made you want to have something to do with that.
You see if you just believe in a lord that F turns into a B.
Why?
Because the lord works in mysterious ways.
The lord likes the student athletes, especially the athlete part.
He don't care so much about the student part.
He likes the jot part.
The lord is a jock sniffer.
All right?
That's why I need locker rooms.
I always pray into the lord.
Or like Chris Antley said, if God would have wanted us to win today.
Five six?
Good one.
Five six seven, oh five sixty, pound five sixty on the AT&T line.
And what did I tell you about the governor's wife?
Does anybody care about this?
No.
That one guy that said the people ought to be up at arms about this?
They don't care.
They couldn't give her crap less.
Here's the mobile in West Palm.
Hello?
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
How was your weekend?
I'm getting a good one.
Sensational.
Great.
Listen, oh that was a fast one you pulled on everybody Friday.
That was a good one.
What do you mean by that?
You never said you were leaving at that time.
I don't say that.
Why should I say I'm going to be leaving at 1230?
Because then there might be a few people out there that don't want to give George a chance that he didn't like poison.
Oh it was great.
Because they think he's going to come on air and rip his mother and ask what she did.
So why should I promote it?
I'd like hold it up a flag.
I know.
It was good.
That's what I mean.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
That's the way I like to do it.
Yeah.
At first of all that guy Jerry Farrell, he's an asshole.
Second of all, you had spoke about a study that some college had done a couple months ago that Mara wanted to not lead to harder drugs.
Right.
I don't remember what school it was.
I got it back here somewhere.
You can't.
It's a gateway drug.
Don't you understand?
It's a gateway drug.
People are going to be going crazy.
They're going to be doing cocaine.
They're going to be doing heroin.
It's going to be crazy with a glue.
It's like the one guy called early and said the guy is just a robot man.
He just goes by whatever the government tells him to do.
So all I can tell you is that he's an asshole.
He's an asshole.
He's an asshole.
He doesn't have a job.
And he's working for that bureaucracy which like I said before, they have to pray that the stuff keeps on coming in because it's a self-sustaining thing.
They have to continue, you know, justifying their ongoing existence.
Right.
And as far as the governor's wife, man, I mean that's just, if that was you or me, we would have been...
Like to do it straight to jail.
Straight to jail, man.
That's BS.
That's right.
That's BS.
That's what it should be in jail right now.
Two other days.
And the people in this state don't care.
How do you like that?
They're worried about public getting a couple of blood jobs on the side which is his business and doesn't affect anybody else in any way, shape or form.
But here's a woman who's the wife or the governor of this state.
And they can't even understand this moralistic, holier, good or two shoes, holier than now bull crap, but there's...
And she's trying to smuggle in 20 grand and lion through her teeth.
I know, man.
Like I said, if it was you or me, we wouldn't have...
Get tried in jewelry and perfume down that bitch.
Right.
We would have been in jail with the two black girls.
That's all I show last night.
It wasn't bad.
The one who robbed a dead.
Wasn't bad.
That's the greatest show he's ever done in his life.
It goes to show it like I said.
If you do 50,000 shows, eventually you'll do a good one.
Yeah, it was a shame that...
I keep telling more guys that on the station.
It was a shame that the drugs are sitting there saying that all this money that they spend for go fast boats and all that, but not one hardly...
He was saying 50% and there's way less than 50% that are spending on people who want to break the habit of heroin and all that other stuff.
And this people waiting for beds and they just basically tell me, come back in six weeks.
And then we want to like the kid on the skateboard out, going out and committing another crime.
Two things.
Because of all that stuff, can we hear the thing about...
Can we hear a Duane stop about alcohol?
No.
Okay, that's cool.
And closing a Wayne is a big black guy and it's a douchebag.
Okay, thanks.
And you're welcome.
5670560.
I'd like to see some past now to these people.
I'd like to see the people getting pissed off the governor's wife.
Didn't this guy get elected based on his moralistic, all his bull crap?
And are going to be worried about education.
That's a good example, by the way, for the youngsters of this state.
And while they're worried about telling women what to do with their bodies and all these choose life license plates that they're going to be making this fall.
And probably, you know, saying, take up for the abortion clinic.
Can't mind your own goddamn business.
But when it comes to their own business, they just can't clean up their act.
Can't clean up their act.
This should be like on a front page.
This should be a major, major scandal.
And instead, you've got to like somebody had a factionist to make it because I was out of town on Saturday.
It's probably like Beardway, who the hell knows where.
First lady declined a chance to amend declaration.
So it wasn't bad enough she lied in a first chance.
But then when they gave her an opportunity to say, now you're sure about this.
Maybe you forgot about all this stuff that your suitcases are loaded with,
who has we found all these receipts for this crap that you bought.
Oh no, she lied about that too.
That was on some of my previous trips, which God only knows, by the way, how much she smuggled in on those trips.
That she didn't pay in for duty on.
God.
Like I said before, all you young people out there, the kids are out of school.
If we have any young people listening, just remember, the people who screamed the loudest,
the ones who make the most noise about being goody-two shoes, and better than all the rest of us,
those are the people you better look out for.
Better hide your candy and your goddamn marbles and your pennies when you see those peeing your piggy bank,
because when those people start coming, you got real problems.
Here's a West Palm Beach. Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
My name is Chris Nielsen, and I'm HIV positive.
Yes.
And I'm living proof that marijuana works.
Right.
I've been HIV positive since I was 12 right now, I'm 25.
Incredible.
And I've been smoking since I was 16, and it helps out a great deal with the eating and everything.
I can't believe these assholes who, and it's a devil drug, and it leads to other things.
Yeah, re-from madness, baby.
If that were true, then all the old hippies should be rockheads right now, right?
That's right.
Oh, god, have a good day.
Okay, good luck, Chris.
Hang in there.
Look what it did for Dan Krell, of course, huh?
All that pot that he was smoking.
Yeah.
If they got that guy locked up in jail in Texas somewhere, that they are trying to keep his quiet as possible,
and hope maybe he'll croak someday real soon, before all the word gets out about,
especially now that Danny Boy is running for persons again.
Yeah.
Oh my god.
5, 6, 7, and of course, blah, blah, blah, blah.
I tried it once, but I didn't inhale.
Right.
I didn't inhale my fat ass, okay?
But these are the kinds of lies, because the American public too immature to deal with the truth,
because they've been sufficiently brainwashed.
You almost get to feeling that just like clockwork orange, they've all been sat down in a big gigantic movie theater
and had the toothpicks stuck at their eyelids to make sure that they keep their eyes open long enough
to watch re-from madness over and over and over again.
All these things that go on like in civilized, and the civilized world,
which I keep trying to tell you about, and this DEA guy, oh yeah, but how long have they been doing these things for forever and ever?
But we'd have to go through 200 years of hell here first.
Well, thank god that we don't have any of that going on now, that nobody has smoking weed in this country yet.
So if they ever get the idea, here's West Palm Beach, hello.
How you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
Well, you know what, you're talking about Bush, you know what happened?
How many people do you know can pay $4,000 right there, sign a check, that's why she didn't get locked up?
Uh-huh.
Because they got more money than God, and that's the point she's trying to say, she's trying to cheat the God damn government
out of the money that she's supposed to pay on the import duties, and she can afford to pay the $4,100 grand,
because they've got more money than Jesus and Moses.
Absolutely right, number one.
She pays $4,000 there, number two, the referees in the hockey game, you've got to find out who they're betting.
That's how you know who's going to win.
They're betting the game, they're losing their human beings, they got to make a bet.
Okay, and that's why they won the game.
Well, call up Eddie Kaye, we'll find out tonight who they're betting.
$5670560, $560 on the AT&T wireless line.
And of course the people who listen to this radio station, this like when a big scandal with Miami high came down,
with a basketball, and there were all these people calling it, oh, when you know these four kids,
you're going to destroy their careers.
Well, what is that all about?
Destroy their careers?
It's like when I grew up in Pompano Beach, you know, when I hit and run the thing that they did up there.
Oh, you know, she was a promising student athlete.
How about the person that she killed, yes?
How come I can't hear a word you're saying?
They still get recruiting, go to major universities.
The ones from the Miami high basketball team.
Yeah.
They still got recruiting.
Oh, thank God we didn't screw up their careers.
Oh, I feel better now.
Oh, thank God.
Because the last thing we want to do is screw up some student athlete, okay?
That's the mentality of the jocks that was in this goddamn town in this country.
Because that's the important stuff is somebody wearing a jock strap.
That's the important stuff in America, right?
Getting the goddamn education, having a brain larger than a goddamn mot, your toenail, that's not important.
And we just can't figure out why all this crap is going down.
Can't wait for that George Foreman attaition fly, huh?
Can't wait for that.
I mentioned George hit some over the head with one of his guy, they have lean mean grilling machines.
Nice going George, there you go.
Chop his guy, they're in ear off with your lean mean grilling machines.
Oh!
And you know something, some of you assholes out there you're going to pay to watch it.
That's the best part.
That's the part I love.
Don't be twisted up.
And you will.
You'll pay to watch it.
If my teacher were on there fighting the Taco Bell truawa, there were guys out there that would pay to watch it.
New...
YAH!
It was more than my mother's dream, it was a prophecy.
She told me when I was so many three I see the one.
In surgery and with her voice and with her gloves.
Strange and it seems but my mom can see the eventually.
I'd be born back but turn my battery and I'd be so wild.
Yes!
Yes, she's with her voice.
Can I go?
Mother always told me to be careful what you do.
Don't let your career head for a fall.
Yes!
And mother always told me my goal is to set you down.
And above the chatroom kids, you're the weirdest one of all.
Can't believe she was white by my mother.
You're just a girl who sets up eyes into one.
But here's rock from your brain, son.
Okay, it's 11.30.25.60 WQA.
So anyway, here's a fact from somebody that's pissed off by the way.
It's about time we got some passions and emotions out of these vancers.
It says not only did Mrs. Bush attempt to smuggle goods in without paying duty.
She lied to a federal officer when she said the receipts were old,
which is also a federal crime.
But choose life right.
How about telling the truth you f***ing and then of course it's got the CU word,
which we've got.
All right, there you go, whoever sent this.
Also, by the way, in case you weren't impressed enough by the Heraldopiece last night,
if you missed this, 2020,
I can't speak five words the way it's supposed to be spoken by our worlders.
2020 and ABC last night had another great religious segment about that couple.
Anybody see that?
No.
Who were starving to death because the father, the young guy who's the Chris,
whatever, whatever his name was, they're crazy people.
Religious fanatics.
All while the scripture said he spends all his time on the Internet,
and as a result, they wouldn't feed the baby any meat.
They wouldn't feed the baby any protein.
And the baby's like, I forget how 18 months old,
and his waist like about two ounces.
And they had to chase them down and try to take the baby away,
and then they came and stole the baby out of the hospital,
and it make a long story short, the government took their kids away.
Crazy, crazy religious fanatics.
I mean, a word by itself fanatics.
You get a religious fanatic, you do you know what a crazy person?
You know what I'm talking about?
Uh-huh.
And that is if that weren't good enough, when I finished watching that segment,
I turned over to CNN, and they're doing this millennium thing, you know,
this, uh, which is pretty interesting stuff.
And they just happened to be on a Jim Jones stuff at that point.
Jones town.
Anybody want some Kool-Aid?
No.
Yeah, there you go.
But I know it's only me.
I'm just a trouble maker, I know that.
Our letter to the editor, and by the way,
our friend of Total Floring, who is a chronic factor.
I already, I had this clipped out, okay, my friend,
but thank you so much for faxing it to us 800 times.
Letter to the editor by Paul Viscomete Jr. and Weston in the paper this morning says,
the philosopher Nietzsche might have had the right,
the writer of the letter, God didn't help students to clump by a high in mind
when he noted in the beginning, God created man in his own image,
and ever since man has returned to compliment.
An expectation that God should act as we want him,
presumes he should be as wise as we are.
Huh?
But who are we to second guess the architect of the universe,
the intelligence behind the law of science and mathematics,
and the creator of the cockroaches and the mosquitoes?
Sometimes his actions don't make sense to us,
but does this mean that he, with a capital H, is bad or not existent?
My Christian mother once explained to me that God waited here this,
that God's plan is like a complex tapestry.
He is weaving.
What we see from the underside isn't complete and in distinct,
but what he sees from his vantage point is marvelous
in its beauty and perfection.
The follows kids that got blown away.
It was beautiful from his side, you know.
The writer replies that God doesn't exist
because he didn't intervene at Columbine High
as the writer wished him to.
This denial of a supreme intelligence is as great a leap of faith
as the belief that there is a God.
Instead of giving up this, that would be like my saying
that if you tell me there's 50,000 illegal aliens
in the room right across the window for me there,
that if for you telling me that,
it's just as much a leap of faith for me to say that they're not there,
then Paul goes on to say, and wait till you hear this,
instead of giving up this God concept,
we should start caring about our fellow human beings
to include a tolerance of their faith
even when it differs from our own.
When's that going to start?
Is that going to start anytime soon?
No.
And as far as caring about our fellow human beings,
do we need any God-bull crap to do that?
No.
Any fairy tales?
No.
Bubble-micees? No. No. No. No. No. No.
Perketeure? No.
Oh.
Oh.
The brainwashed masses are asses, baby.
Don't ever forget it.
That's my best lesson to all you young people out there.
Number one, DNH, do no harm.
That's all you need to know.
It doesn't cost you a dime to join.
And number two, the masses are asses.
Just like in Toronto this weekend,
just every other weekend, every major city in the country,
you walk down downtown.
Here are crazy people handing out religious pamphlets on street corners.
Oh, Jesus is coming. Jesus is coming.
Squared, squared.
Yeah, all over the place.
Get them up.
Crazy people. I mean, just look at them.
Yeah, exactly like that.
Crazy people like that, Columbabush.
I just can't stand that slow.
Yeah, me either.
Here's four Lauderdale. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir.
Yeah, my name is Jim Cox. I'm a prominent Catholic.
And I want to know why-
What does that mean? You're a prominent Catholic.
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
Yeah.
That means I'm a prominent member of the Catholic Church.
And I stumbled upon-
What is a prominent member? Is that like,
as opposed to your ordinary pedestrian member of the Catholic Church?
I come to church. I go to church every Sunday.
I've been up, you know, I was raised as a good Catholic.
You've been up? Or you've been down?
I've been up.
You've been up?
Yeah, but your father or two mates, you're your been up.
But anyway, go ahead.
I was raised as a good Catholic.
And I stumbled upon this station.
And I can't believe they actually let this on the air.
Why is that?
Why is that?
Why is that?
What am I speaking about that you don't like?
You speak against God.
Oh, so in other words, if I speak something that you don't believe,
you can't believe it's on the air,
you sound like some kind of a fascist to me.
So you have any concepts?
You have any concept of what your government is all about?
About freedom of speech?
Yeah, but you don't need to be speaking about these kinds of-
Sir, I-
I don't speak-
I don't speak about whatever I want to speak.
How do you like that without your permission?
I don't need you to call me and tell me what I should be speaking about.
How do you like that?
The young youth doesn't deserve to hear this.
The young youth? How about the old youth?
How about the young youth here in both sides,
all sides, and then make it up their own mind?
You don't like that, do you?
Because you like the brainwash them, don't you, sir?
Brainwash? No one is giving people a chance.
It's giving people a chance they are a bunch of bubble miceies
and fairy tales. You can brainwash them,
and they can go out and keep reproducing like rabbits, okay?
And shooting abortion doctors, isn't that what you want?
No, I-
What do you want?
What do I want?
I want peace and happiness on this earth.
Yeah, well, I want everybody over there.
Okay, leave everybody alone. Cut the crap.
He's a very prominent Catholic.
There's no fact in the church.
Well, we know that.
Here's the fact that says,
sorry, I'm talking about the hurricanes when you're talking about the stars game,
but I can't get over it.
What do you think about the canes?
Do I think about the canes?
No.
They're ugly.
So all I can say about the canes, okay?
Nice going, Jim Morris.
Great, the atmosphere out there.
Very collegiate, which is the way it's supposed to be.
Here we go, hurricane.
There we go.
You know, see, that's a college thing.
If you want to do that at college games or high school games,
don't go to professional sporting events and go,
here we go, you know, whatever the team is.
When I hear that, I know I'm dealing with a tower.
There's nothing but assholes, okay?
I'm trying to think of different sports venues,
of major league sporting events where you hear people go,
here we go, we got a card.
No, I mean, come on.
Come on, grow up.
I can just hear in Toronto or not.
Here at Canada Center.
Here we go, Maple Leafs.
Here we go.
No, can you imagine that?
No.
No.
Even at the Macarena.
Are they going?
Here we go, Panthers.
No, they're not doing that.
They're not doing it.
So all you people want to feel better about yourselves
because you have them on the ball game.
Great.
Nice ball.
But there's one thing I want to remind you though,
before you get too carried away, okay?
A hurricane.
Fucking blow.
Anybody have a heart?
Or a liver?
Yes.
When you go to the mall,
every time you ask to use the call and let it go,
it's just you and that's fine.
But when you don't know all the things we use,
it's a hot,
where they're my specialties.
I'm surprised,
who went to the right to show this little fly
who just remembered
to blush.
Where else will live her all the time?
You need what you've told
for her to be fun,
when you get it full.
Just when it's five turns to you.
It's a seat.
Your number is 30.
On the seat.
You should get up and start a battle
because they don't fit hearts.
Just you need to be fun.
You have to be fun.
You have to be fun.
You have to be fun.
You have to be fun.
You have to be fun.
You have to be fun.
You have to be fun.
You have to be fun.
You have to be fun.
You have to be fun.
You have to be fun.
You have to be fun.
You have to be fun.
You have to be fun.
You have to be fun.
You have to be fun.
You have to be fun.
You have to be fun.
You have to be fun.
You have to be fun.
You have to be fun.
You have to be fun.
You have to be fun.
You have to be fun.
You have to be fun.
You have to be fun.
You have to be fun.
All i can say about her is...
I just can't stand that.
Mongolia sheets.
About 5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
About 5, 60.
About the 18th at wireless line.
ogle.
yor In here's hi Alia, hello.
Neil!
Neil!
Neil!
Neil!
This is for i all right.
His name being Paax!
He's a very prominent Catholic right?
He's been a very prominent Catholic right?
he's been a very catchy linked to a number of his friends!
Neil!
You shouldn't be on the radio!
Neil.
You shouldn't be on the radio!
Go find GoRub your rosary beads or something out of my face. Go say a few dozen hailed marries.
Yeah, listen, I just saw the picture in the paper today of that goal. He was in a crease wasn't he?
Yes he was. He asked me like it's debatable of course he was in the crease.
How long am I going to have this idiot as a commissioner of hockey?
Until somebody wises up.
Didn't the sabers get screwed last year on a goal like that in a game?
Yeah.
Jeez.
Yeah, jeez Louise.
That's terrible, I'm sorry.
I feel like I've been cheated of at least two or three hours of my life.
In fact, the whole five hours I invested watching from the pregame at 730 on the CBC until 132, that six hours of my life, I feel I had ripped off watching a first.
I mean, what's the point? If you're not going to stick to the rules, what's the point of even playing a god-end game?
That's terrible.
What about chances this year of maybe getting Lindy Ruff back with a Panther?
Yeah, okay.
Why do people say these things?
Why do they do...
Yeah, we're going to get Lindy Ruff back and then we're going to get Ray Shepherds coming back and Stubar and by the way for that Jackass they call Hank two weeks ago.
Another one of those hockey experts here in South Florida about two Barnes.
Stubarans not only played a great game against Saturday night, but Stubarans scored their only goal. That's the only reason they played the one 30 to morning was because Stubarans got that goal and wound up with seven goals in a playoffs.
Not too like this Jackass said.
You know what I'm talking about Hank?
I think he obviously said a call on it, Joe.
Yeah, it was pathetic.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five.
See, this is your misinformation station. Thank God we don't care.
Because all you do is we got a telephone, you know, and people call up and they're, you know, talk his cheap and they're here to prove it.
Talking all the crap that they have gotten the idea and for this last guy.
Yeah, we're getting Lindy Ruff back.
Not.
And we're getting Marty Strock back.
Not.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Nobody cares about the athletes and the still-called student athletes getting their grades from a F to a B.
Nobody cares about that.
Certainly nobody cares about the fact that the governor is white.
The governor who was elected based on being so much better than all the rest of us being a holy godfaring goody, too.
She was no good rotten, whatever it is, fascist, piece of third.
And his wife decides that she's above the law and not only she above the law, but when she gets caught with a goddamn perfume down,
she's going to lie about it and compound the crime and still binds a pain for you and her bucks and walks away.
It's got free. How do you like that?
I just can't stand that.
God.
Here's Carl Springs. Hello?
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I wanted to just give a shout out to that predominant Catholic guy.
The prominent Catholic, yeah.
That little bag of you know, he's listening and he's watching and I bet he had a great weekend.
Had to hand down some ghost shirt.
Maybe you got a pregnant maybe had a guy hands hand down some guy's pants to the hell of it.
Maybe he had his hand on a father's old tool.
More power to him, you know, and put a dope smoking.
Can't live with it.
Can't live without it, but it's in the air.
There's something Duke can't do anything about it.
Okay, I'll see you Mexico.
Let's go.
See you down there with a DEA guy right at the border, okay?
I'll see you south of the border.
56670560, 0560.
I'm going to tell you something and this is the goddamn truth.
The people, even forgetting about their religious notes, I've been screaming about that for a hundred years now, never stopped.
But even beyond that, the marijuana hysterical or reframed this people, those people are crazier than a religious fanatics.
They're the craziest of them all.
And unfortunately this country is dominated by that.
That's why we need you know who we need.
We need Jesse the body.
Jesse the body.
We can't afford to wait another four years.
Forget about Al Gore.
Forget about George Bush.
The last thing we need is more Bush.
We need Jesse the body in there right now.
We don't need Wooden Al Gore.
He's got a personality like a goddamn dead man like a cigar store Indian.
And we certainly don't need any more Bush.
That's right.
We need Jesse the body for president right now.
We're going to start the National Graph Campaign.
Here's a guy decriminalize marijuana.
Stop it all, a bullcrap.
Keep religion out of the goddamn government.
Here's a guy who knows what side his bread is buttered on.
Got a guy that didn't have a brain.
And admits that he's a scooter on more than a bubble and growl.
And all of them put together and is happy about it.
That's what we need in here.
That's the problem.
Is all your goddamn politicians or in snatch all of brother.
By the way the rumor is you know how to say that you might run.
Wouldn't that be a great ticket?
He could be George Bush's vice president of candidate.
Then we could have Bush and snatch.
How do you like that?
Oh yeah.
Or in snatch runs with George W. Bush Jr. Bush and snatch baby.
Go over bigger than that guy damn Britney Spears.
I'll tell you that right now.
Or maybe just stick her like in the middle.
Here's Coral Springs. Hello.
Yes sir.
You know the governor's wife lies.
Okay then I guess the governor lies.
And that means the good George W. Waka Waka Bush lies.
I mean does well thank God that Neil Bush didn't lie about that bank deal you know.
The worst thing I did on Potter was I drove the speed limit on 95 ones.
That was about it. The worst thing.
You know there was a kid genius kid last night on TV.
Oh you were the one driving the speed limit.
That's it. Only one pot.
There was a genius kid on TV last night.
I don't know if you saw it.
He's like 12 years old.
He's finished with college the whole bit.
No.
And he's going to go through 24 years of more schooling become a doctor or a national or a physicist.
A whole bit.
But if he watches a movie an all rated movie that has three.
He's going straight to go on a probably go out and start shooting up his class and rob a goddamn 7-11 though.
He said he watches a movie that has three curse words in it.
He says that he leaves the room and shuts the movie and won't watch it.
And they asked him why and he said because that's a blessed event to leave.
So he no matter how smart he is.
The one thing they say somehow God in his brain.
Very sad.
Yeah.
See you later.
Thanks for the bad news.
I thought there was a good story coming there.
Another one of those brainwashed little punks.
Oh, it's a blessed event.
I had no calls about that story at 2020 or as Barbara.
Bob was says 2020 last night.
This crazed young guy.
And of course those are the people that are reproducing.
That's right.
It wasn't bad enough they were starving the first kid to death.
But then they were out there hiding from the goddamn cops and she gave birth in the car to their second young kid.
What a story that was.
Because the Lord says you can't eat meat and you can't do that.
And then he tells that when they were running from the cops he shot a couple of squirrels.
And Lynn Scheer who was doing the interview she says well did you eat them and feed them to your kid.
Oh yeah, well you know what you got to do what you got to do.
You got to survive.
So even though the excuse was that they had to keep their kid pure and holy by not feeding them any meat or meat products.
Which is why the kid weighed about four ounces.
When it was convenient and they were running from the police and breaking the law.
Then it was okay to feed them a little squirrel.
Squirrely was the operative word for that couple.
I'll tell you right now at him especially.
Sitting there 24 hours a day right in all his scriptural crap.
I mean this is a guy.
He should follow a report.
Stolen brain.
You know how many millions of people in this country should be filing a goddamn criminal report for having their brain stolen.
We got to have a goddamn search party going on right now to see if we can't find a brain that have been stolen from millions of people in this society.
Including that little kid that this guy was just talking about.
And keep in mind there's all kinds of intelligence.
You know there's book learning.
There's in fact just go watch Rainman if you don't believe that.
But he's a very good driver.
Even though he does go to Cincinnati by his guy damn underwear.
Nevertheless he's a very good driver.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
Full place today. How you doing?
Great.
I did watch the God.
I got a full plate and lunch evening even here yet.
Go ahead.
Exactly.
Paint through it.
The first thing out of his mouth lots yesterday.
I think one to four minutes.
He didn't say a God thing.
Did he?
I want to thank the Lord.
Oh no God damn it.
Because without him I wouldn't have been here today.
Yeah. God was betting on golf.
Is actually how desperate it is God's betting on golf tournaments now.
What's that all about?
I bet the Lord was watching a column line.
Yeah exactly.
See no that like I said that's why the kid got shot there because they were praying to God including that one girl that they made into a martyr now.
They were praying but he's busy betting on golf tournaments.
You know the pot thing I hope that the EA agent listened.
I'm a married guy two kids 35 years old and I smoke weed.
Yeah.
And it's so big deal.
It's no gateway because I've never done coke.
I've never done crack and I have no desire.
Oh yeah but you just wait man.
One more hit that's going to put you right over the edge.
That's what this guy saying.
It's a gateway drug.
I just I can't stand those people who use these cliches.
Everything is a gateway to something worse.
You know it's the company line and I do it.
I don't do it around my kids.
You know it relaxes me and do it before ballgame.
Yeah I'm on.
Yeah I don't go around.
You know something I'm going to tell you if John Henry wants to fill up that ball that ballpark the rest of the season they can they can't win a fixed game in the Marlins.
They lost six in a row again.
They're 21 games under 500.
They're not going to be drawn flies in the June, July and August.
He wants to fill up that place free weed for everybody.
Okay.
I'm there.
I'll see you at the ballpark.
I'm telling you they got the rest of the week they're on the road and he ought to be thinking about this very seriously.
Oh but it's a family thing.
Okay well just a little little numbers for the kids.
Okay.
Just real small ones.
Yeah I know.
Don't start and I would like to drug talk.
Okay they'll be rating this building before 1 o'clock.
If they knew that our guide Dan program directors both of them.
All three of them I think Bob McKay.
That's what made his hair a fallout.
Too much bad weed.
Oh yeah you know those country shot kickers baby.
Oh they're puffing out of it.
You know I'm talking about.
Yeah I'm on.
All the time.
They don't they forget to wipe the off if they don't care.
In fact in some cases could only improve that aroma.
I don't like the smell of weed.
I hate to break the news.
I mean I don't mind if you want to smoke died.
I don't like the smell.
In fact when you walk in the streets Amsterdam you know like down the Aruda Vaseline some of those streets.
And you're really not sure is that the weed from the half phase that's coming out here or is it the all a dog crap in the streets.
It's kind of a combination of those aromas you know.
Plus maybe a couple of guys who took a leak in the street.
W.T.A.
I'm head for a party.
Beeping through the keyhole watching mom and dad.
Beeping through the keyhole the most time we ever had.
Mom and dad were playing tag right there on the bed.
Mommy used to her phone.
Mommy had the pillow board daddy's head.
Mommy's head was sobbing.
She almost got whipped wash.
I don't know what she was drinking but you got a nut mustache.
Beeping through the keyhole and show what I see.
But I'm sure dudes I keep on seeing things on TV.
Mom and dad were full together like my Lincoln wands.
What a sign like for something like that.
Mom went to yell at the door.
Dad was breathing heavy.
Mom was on her knees.
He looked as hot a booboo cause she took them where he peed.
Beeping through the keyhole watching mom and dad.
Beeping through the keyhole the most time we ever had.
When we watched those little longer the nice part of the two gets sick.
If daddy's name is Helbert why mom asked for dick?
Daddy's grounded his eyes roll back.
Mommy want a big more.
She's going back on top of him but oh he did what's yours.
Beeping through the keyhole has a minute's pass.
I can't wait to drive it out of the door in my class.
I can't wait to drive it out of the door in my class.
Two minutes passed and then we'll have 5.50 WQM.
How can I view the audio here?
I can't believe this is on here.
Those are my favorite colors.
The ones that call and most of it that's put on anyway.
Not full of meat pal.
I prominent Catholic friend.
You're not full of meat. It's probably father's tool.
Oh I just can't believe why they're not.
And especially with a kid's out of school this is the best time.
This is the time you ought to strap all your kids in a chair.
Turn around you want to read aloud and force them to listen to four hours of reality.
And maybe if they're emotional cripples maybe you have to break it and short those.
Like maybe on an hour day the first week.
To break into them that they've been lied to all their lives.
And at most of life in America there's a bunch of bull crap and hypocrisy.
Not to mention the governor's wife of course.
More than 20 or 30 thousand more times.
This story I'm going to tell you.
Because I hadn't heard this.
Hadn't heard this story at all.
If you're not a town for the weekend and needless to say.
Didn't make it all the way up across the border.
But I'm so grateful and so glad that I got this in my hand right now.
And the story too.
I'm framing it. I'm saving this.
Because this is so typical.
Just like that minister over there.
What the hell was his name? The one that went to jail for about 500 years.
Lions over there in Tampa.
That defrauded the church from all those hundreds of thousands of Henry lions.
Nice going Henry.
How?
Longing fifty dollars.
Yeah sure.
Not to mention Jim Baker.
She there there a whole segment of people in this country that want to be ripped off.
They want to be raped. They want to be lied to.
They want to be a conned.
They're like into the accident thing on the M side.
And believe me they're never disappointed.
There's always somebody there to do it.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
On a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile on a turnpike.
Hello.
You got it.
Hey listen I'm on a Florida turnpike.
Head north.
I got a 12 foot U-Haul strike on my truck.
And after 10 years I'm getting the hell out of Florida.
All right.
Yeah I just want to say goodbye.
Thanks.
I'll catch you on the net.
Listen I was a cop 17 years.
I just left last month.
Right.
I got the scutts because the wrong people were getting put in jail.
But at that time I arrested a lot of violent criminals but never once did they say the weed made them do it.
How do you like that?
Yeah.
But that's not it.
But the problem with Catholics and the rest of those religious dynamics.
They want to take a bullet for Jesus that's fine with me.
Okay.
Okay thank you.
Good luck pal.
Thank you.
Yeah anybody out there wants to take a little or go right ahead.
Okay we'll pass.
We'll take a pass this week.
And all the doctors at the abortion clinics and plant parent work.
Yeah we'll pass.
El Paso for the guy in Texas.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the mobile one line.
Nobody saw that 2020 piece about those parents starving that kid because the religious nuts last night.
Anybody see that?
No.
And I had like two or three people that saw the Heraldo piece on the so-called drug war.
It sounds so good.
It sounds so American like mom and apple pie.
It's the number of those things that are just how can you possibly say no to the war on drugs.
It sounds so patriotic.
Way of that flag.
Come on.
Get out that 6-year-old.
There you go.
Man how can you be against that?
Here's a mobile and cutlery.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes sir.
You know Neil you get idiots that call all the time but they get the idiots that pretend they're intellectuals.
I mean John Kennedy was a prominent Catholic.
You know my ass is your comedy.
So if my ass was done for it.
So it was done Corleone too by the way.
Exactly my ass sticks out so it's prominent.
I mean, geez it is.
Again you know with the you know listening to Neil I guess is going to turn me into a flame and you know what you know I mean.
Right flame queen right.
Exactly.
Listen for good old time's sake and for Kelly Mitchell who seems to be following in her footsteps.
Leather was a hacker with a whip.
Yeah.
Please.
Oh I was Kelly Mitchell got leather under the desk now.
Haven't you seen her?
I don't watch channel 10.
Oh man she said like am Bishop has taken over her body.
I mean she's a partner.
You mean she's a partner but butch up a little bit till you.
Oh man.
That thing should be hanging out with Sandy Peyton before you know it.
Ow!
Okay you got it pal.
Hang it out.
And have a great day.
Okay like Man it says.
Driving around with the windows down.
Man it should be on after a hike by the way 6 to 10 tonight.
Then a cap on with a chronic compulsive gambling show 10 tonight.
For anybody who wants a bit like on the women's soccer stuff like that.
5.6705.60, 05.60, 05.60, on a mobile one.
I bet you there are people that on the golf tournament you know something you need serious help.
In fact I'm going to tell you right now as far as I'm concerned compulsive gambling in America
is a much worse problem than people smoking a wicked weed.
How do you like that?
And of course you do know that when you go out there and buy a lottery ticket that's a gateway to you know compulsive gambling.
Am I right?
No.
It's a gateway habit you know.
When you go out there and go to church bingo isn't that a gateway yeah.
5.6705.60, see I still say we ought to paint like one part of the country like maybe the code is would be good.
It's pretty boring up there whether it's not too great.
All the people who don't want anything you know don't want anybody else to have a good time.
Let them have that part of the country go up there and you can all like sit and fight and play maja all day.
Whatever you want to do okay.
You can all be religious.
You can all be wonderful.
You can all pray all day.
Whatever you want to leave everybody else alone.
That's all we ask.
That's all we ask is leave everybody else to hell alone.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
No.
Yes sir.
Did you ask the police came in and use after the game at the NHL game?
I shut it off.
No I had 130 in the morning was enough for me.
Well I watched it and that one-dialist player thanked God.
Well thank the teammates, the coaches themselves, the family, the ex-teamates and others from the flashing to see me.
They should have thanked God for that.
For that funny Goliwon and they should have thanked the Lord.
Yeah but you know why?
It's because most of them are European, from Canada they're not from this church driven country.
Do you like Mike Mondano?
Well most of them are.
Oh okay.
Thank you.
Okay.
Well there you go.
Let's hear it for the stars.
I can't stand in my head I'm like poison and I know that coma style that they play they have done.
They have done a reputable harm to the game.
I hate to say that.
That crappy ice they play on down there in Dallas and the style that they play.
Just the puke inducing.
In fact I didn't want to go into it.
Once the barons tied up the game and at least it opened up a little bit.
But before that when they had a one-off and leave and they kept icing it, icing it over and over and a spineless cowardly way to try to fake their way into a Stanley Cup.
600 open lines all of a sudden here I guess probably it's lost time.
5 6 7 0 5 6 D.
Pound 5 6 D on the mobile one line.
Feel Roger Scott.
Well he's a talent happy Nazi.
Who got the money from his daddy?
And if I said my little granny.
Who went in against that crappy?
Well he's a talent happy Nazi.
Double their ballet.
You've turned.
Well he's a president who saw who doesn't have to run.
And when else is on the way?
And his wealth just flew right in.
She's higher.
She's higher.
He hasn't told us soon.
He was born with somethings ass.
So look out on the shoes.
Get ready for the gap.
He's a talent happy Nazi.
He'll give our people rights to whammy.
I see a talent happy Nazi.
Above a ballet.
Well he's a very wealthy dude with very bad shoes.
Who never pays his dues?
5 6 here we'll all be screwed.
She's higher.
She's higher.
Any smart people in that race?
Against buddies with K.
Why do you think they call it?
Cuba.
The Toreal, anyway.
He's a talent happy Nazi.
He'll be the KKK happy.
Roller.
I need the talent happy Nazi.
Go, Bobella, LA.
Come on, let's do this.
Yes, ma'am.
Just dress those kids up in those nice little brown uniforms.
Get them blue stepping.
Yes, sir.
Yes, ma'am.
Whatever you say.
I mean forget about textbooks, forget about classrooms, forget about any education.
Forgetting about teachers, you know, put a sentence together.
Like better than 10 to 20.
Little blue stepping is what it's all about.
5 6 7 0 5 6 the pound 5 6 the on the mobile one line here on a not too bad of a Monday to be honest.
We a lot better than I thought it was going to be.
Boy, I thought this was going to be and it just it's still might.
We got a long way to go.
It's still might turn out to be a big public grant.
Oh, I'll say one bizarre thing yesterday.
I come back last night in the airport.
And I expect at that point the airport to still be pounding the parking lot to be packed.
I mean, jam packed.
Wouldn't you think it would be?
Uh huh.
I have never in my life driven through my international to the parking lots, you know, the Daffin and the Flamingo.
And seen so few cars.
It was empty.
It was kind of like everybody came back and they got their cars and they hit the road.
I don't know where they went.
Amazing.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line ahead.
Gobert showed two from Schulter State to manages six at Kaplan at 10.
Here's D'Areal.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Hold on a second.
Let me get you all speak.
Okay.
I'm holding it.
Hey, I just got back from Kenya.
I told you last week when I was heading out, unfortunately I'm on back.
And not good enough.
I know that's six feeling in a prettier statement.
It was nice to be out.
You know, I actually pick up a decent newspaper, read some about something else besides the XL.
Right.
Exactly.
Oh, yeah.
I see, again, I've get my newspapers from, I get home last night.
I'm catching up on all those papers.
And they're pandering here.
And they're pandering, especially the hero all over the place.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And then I'll stop.
And of course, I tune you in.
You know, I'm basically around North Florida coming in and tuned you in.
And now I hear about this Columbus.
How do you like that, huh?
This is a disgrace.
I'm surprised that more people are not giving you a call in.
Yeah, how come you people out there aren't pissed off about this?
Okay, here's our hypocritical.
They're better than all the rest of us.
Goody too, shoes, okay?
These religious, wonderful shoes, life, no abortion.
No this and no that.
And praise God and Jesus.
And the meantime, she's a frickin' liar.
And she should know, but if she should be walking on eggshells, you know,
knowing that her husband's the governor, and this is definitely gonna...
And it can come to find out that they do need the import duty that she tried to screw the government out of
was a lot less than the $4100 she had to want to pay.
Now what's two or three grand, whatever was gonna be her, however much of her.
And there are people who are millionaires.
These are multi-millionaires.
They were born with a silver golden spoon in there.
Correct them, yeah.
And I worked with customs people before.
They give you a chance to, you know,
to dug herself into a big hole, that's what she did, a very deep hole.
They pick up your chance over there.
And, you know, it's just a hypocrisy.
And I think more than anything apathy on the community.
I'm apathetic.
I just, I want to, you know, scream anything and do anything about it.
Yes it is.
At least if these people make them God damn noise about it, okay?
I mean if somebody took away their early burdener in his town, they'd be right.
Seriously, they'd be riding in the streets.
They'd be throwing their false teeth at each other.
They'd be squeezing each other's colostomy back until they were running over in the streets.
I'm going to begin.
If you have one of your listeners, they happen to know his email address.
I'll write them a letter and then we'll...
Excellent. Let's find out the email address for the God damn governor up there in Tallahassee.
Those nose pickers up there and send him a what for and tell him that his wife is a God damn liar.
And then his family's to disgrace to this state.
And another thing, one last thing, one last thing, one last thing, you know, how did he, he had no experience?
He became governor for nothing.
This man never worked by him.
This man never worked one honest job one day in his life, okay?
Never held public office.
Never was even dog catcher.
And now all of a sudden, he's the governor of the state of Florida.
Real scary.
Real scary.
All right, now you can get the...
Okay, we'll get it for you.
This governor is...
This country is obsessed with Bush. That's the problem.
Obsessed with Bush.
I've been telling you people out there for years.
A little bush, okay.
But too much bush, even that's not good.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
And by the way, speaking of the herald and their pandering, by the way,
here in which paper is this?
Yesterday's herald.
Special report.
I don't want to say the herald that's always screaming about ethnic sensibilities, you know?
Here's a special report after welfare, what now?
Caught my attention because there happens to be a picture of four people here, two women and the two little kids.
Temporary housemates.
And guess what?
They all happen to be black.
Now of course, anybody knows that the far greater number of people in America, white people are unwellfair than blacks.
It's one of the ugly stereotypes that all black people are lazy and chiffless and they're all unwellfair.
That's one of the ugly stereotypes that racist like to promote.
And here's the herald, special report.
What now after welfare?
And here's the four black people on the...
Nice going, herald.
Nice going.
Thank God there's no Hispanic people unwellfair, by the way.
Thank God for that.
Yeah.
So ecstatic about that.
I think George came here this morning to open up a big mouth about that and start waving at white card his around.
5, 6, 7, in fact, I hear he's being deported is what happened.
5, 6, and here's the food from our good buddy Brad Attonis.
Thank you so much.
Now we feel like it was worth coming in today.
God bless Brad Attonis, which will give the address to them and everything else.
Look at that, what is there?
600 pizzas there?
Do we take care of this place or what?
Take care of the collagen with the water, take care of the food, we feed everybody in there.
It's amazing.
And then like last week or whenever was it some food came in the kitchen for everybody else?
Did they invite us?
Huh?
No.
No.
That's okay.
That's all right.
Your day is coming.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile line.
We have 1,600 open lines here today.
We're waiting to find out if the masses are pissed off.
If they're psychotic or if they just don't, as usual, give a crap.
They don't care.
Here's a mobile in Pompano.
Hello?
Hello, Neil?
Yes, sir.
Name.
How are you today?
Okay.
That's good.
Neil, I was just calling to ask you.
Do you really think that goal was fair?
No, it was not fair.
It was a illegal goal.
Shouldn't have counted.
This kit was an increase at Avonized Day.
I've already been through that 4,000 times.
Like I said, get those kids back in school, please.
See, this is, I'm not going to go into it.
You know what I'm thinking?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile line.
Here on your one show on a station where we talk about important crap
and not about your stupid ball games, okay?
We don't talk about a bunch of stupid sports stuff like golf tournaments
and women's soccer, which they were hacking in China.
You talk about desperate.
I mean, and then D-Fo is in here.
I'm signing autographs for D-Fo's mother.
How do you like that this morning?
That's right.
I mean, you know how little people think of themselves
when you work with, and I worked with D-Fo for what?
About 72 years now?
On two different radio stations?
Comes in asking for my autograph this morning.
Here's a lady in Tamara.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
How are you doing?
Great.
Listen, continue giving my best to Jenny, because it makes me happy.
He makes me sick.
Him and his wife and the godson are shbhaha.
We can't even know what that means.
I'd like to tell you that this right here is a gateway broadcast.
You do that.
That's right.
And it's a good.
It's a good.
It's worth a ride.
This broadcast today is a gateway to a bigger and better things.
That's right.
They will try thinking.
They will try thinking.
And I am a very honest person.
I am such a prominent person on my phone.
Right.
And I had my first fish food experience this weekend.
Well, now you're talking important stuff.
There's two prominent people I love has been in Jerry.
And, you know, the happy game is just sad because you see the devaluation of something that's been a long, good tradition.
And what is that?
That's a good question, that goal.
Even though it would have been an ingredient.
Yeah.
Well, they would have had to get all those people off the ice.
They had to look at it for about 10 seconds.
Yeah.
They would have had to scan it in the crease.
Yeah.
They would have taken a little bit too much effort.
And Gary Bettman, you know what I had to go off the ice again and come all the way back on.
Your number, number 99 will never be won again.
Oh, he just makes me nauseated.
He just nauseated.
I just want to die.
He's like a billboard for anti-Semitism, Gary Bettman.
I'm interrupting you here.
I'm a very important prominent duper.
I get to ours as MI.
What was in that one of the greatest intros to the call?
I'm a very prominent Catholic.
Yeah.
Like I have a prominent asshole showing it to you in the audience right now with his skull.
No, it's a vast and at least three times.
What exactly do you mean by that?
What do you mean by that?
You're a prominent priest.
Anyway, what's the thing you said about the little stare?
I didn't see anything about that.
Where was that?
That was in one of the wars.
No, but I mean, I'm more of a story.
It was in the local papers.
I guess I forgot to clip it out over the weekend.
Oh, like a city line for where those maybe?
No, no.
And then the main line, main stream.
And the hero to the sunsend.
Okay.
And the big thing about Jerry Fallwell, he's all better.
It's in his newspaper.
Remember the same newspaper that had the thing about, you know, Tinky Winky?
Yeah.
And all that.
Right.
The purple Tinky Winky is really the purple people either with that triangle on his head.
And he's really in a gay pride parade.
And now turns out he apologized to Tinky Winky.
But now he's after the little affair and it's demons and witches.
And it's a satanic plot.
And et cetera.
I got to find the balance between laughing at it and doing something about it.
It's enough to make you cry.
It's enough to make you run to the passport office and say, please, let me out of here.
Oh, it is.
If you're like devaluation, there's so many things.
Right.
But anyway, enjoy your show.
And it's a gateway to a life.
Have a great day.
It's too much.
Great line.
This is show is a gateway to something bigger and better, okay?
Like maybe tomorrow's show.
Or maybe like lunch.
Yeah, it sounds good to me.
Thanks again, Brad over at Tony's.
Is the address in the box there?
Jor on there.
Did they send us a thing?
You got it?
Oh, it's a 193.29 Northwest Second Avenue line.
It's right in the box.
That makes sense.
Instead of those generic pizza boxes that some places have, they have like their own, look at that.
Tony's pizza right in the box.
Nice going, Brad.
Great stuff.
Boy, they got good pizza.
No, they have great pizza.
That's just good pizza.
Want to keep ponytail on his toes, you know?
He's probably out getting lead right now anyway.
He don't have time to be listening to this show.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
What's that?
Here's a crawl spring.
Hello?
Yeah, near Osmo grow up all day and I ain't got no problems with it.
I smoke it all day and I ain't got no problems.
Yeah, at all.
Yeah.
I don't know where all these people are talking about.
Yeah.
Yeah, they're just crazy.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's right.
I'm going to keep on smoking until that day.
Yeah, I'm on.
Okay, well listen, we'll come over here with some flowers.
Okay, we're bringing us some lilacs.
Okay.
Okay, bye.
Okay.
He's puffing on well right now.
Okay, it's 25 past noon at 560 WQAM.
Everybody light up for Christ.
Hey!
Smoke a number for Christ.
That's what we say here.
Instead of taking a bullet.
There's our poll question.
When you're either taking a bullet for the Lord or light up a number for the, for Jesus.
Or Moses or whoever.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's the four-letter day.
Hello.
Stop talking about this.
Okay.
Catholic in the Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello.
Are you a prominent Catholic, sir?
No, I'm an impominant Catholic.
Oh, a non-prominant everyday pedestrian.
Okay, I'm just checking.
Some of the prominent Catholics are Adolf Hitler and Erich Brin.
Right.
Moses and almost everybody in the SS.
By the way, what do you think it says behind the SS buckle?
What do you think?
That's right.
God be with us.
Of course, they were people who didn't know.
They were atheists or something.
Not only were they good Catholics, but the apocalyptic.
They're blessing.
That's right.
And God we trust, but the Pope we hope and all others take cash.
And the Pope's most dope, right?
Okay, thank you.
So there was a non-prominant Catholic.
That's our new poll question.
Which one did you like better?
The non-prominant one who had at least a sense of humor.
Or the prominent one who was a real jackass.
Maybe that's what he meant.
Maybe he meant he had a prominent asshole.
5, 6, 7, 05, we have 400 open lines for you.
Now that lunch is shown up.
By the way, this is very good that lunch is shown up.
But I don't want to start getting pushy.
But I like you going to put some of that on a plate for me
with like a fork or, huh?
Yeah, a little mixing match.
I don't want to get pushy, but I'm not one of those people
in the middle while I'm talking here.
I want you to get up and wander around while I pay a lot of attention to lunch.
I at least have to put on an act and pretend that I'm paying attention to the show.
Which after all these years, the audience should realize that lunch shows up.
Nobody pays any attention to me.
And you want to know why?
Because nobody cares.
That's right.
Nobody cares.
They don't give a crap.
That's why Duff Lindsay has suspended the entire power 96
and country catch staff for two days.
How?
Not that the country did anything.
They didn't do anything over there.
But just deflects his muscle again, okay?
Bluff Lindsay, after all those comments about how he's, you know,
the pussy and the galore and all of a sudden,
he wants to show that he's a real macho guy now.
He's not monkey around.
He wants to be the program director more than just name.
Deal, Roger Todd.
Day to day, she'll day here at Disney World.
When the screening days meet the rest of the girls in the closet no more.
That's what day day is for.
It's a day, day after all.
It's a day of fun when we wear red shirts.
And when we all come, you can hear the squirts we can tickle and tease with our manicure.
Do T's is a day, day after all.
We'll be holding hands in adventure and watch the lies of the valley marching band.
We'll make your wrist street with a kiss on the cheek.
It's a day, day after all.
Or wear tight shorts, paint a gold one, and wear mascara like willy-date.
We can bend the way as we prancense a shake.
It's a day, day after all.
And G.F. will have a liberty ball hosted by a wrist-daler and a root ball.
They're really murdering a monkey rock.
Not to mention people like hot, it's a day after all.
It's a day, day after all.
It's a day, day after all.
It's a day, day after all.
We've got hands in your shorts.
Property 2.560 WQM, we have 28 open lines.
5.670560, 0.560 on the mobile one line.
Bad record, Northbound 9.95 South of Fort Lauderdale, somebody call.
Maybe somebody else will call and give us more specific where that is.
So stay to hell off Northbound 9.5.
I think we better do five before.
Here's a mobile in the US one.
Hello.
Hello, we're going to get off 95 right now.
Okay, we lit up for two.
It was wonderful.
We lit the video.
What you're holding, Harold?
Yeah, we did the Harold, right?
And when we were up in New York, we missed you like crazy.
We're back in Fort San here, so we're real happy to hear you.
Yeah.
And I can't believe I called you, but we lit up for Jesus.
Great.
And we ain't got a good one.
Why went up to the Lord, baby? That's what I say.
Anytime, anytime.
Really nice to talk to you, Neil.
Okay, and clean up that airstri.
Okay.
Absolutely.
Okay, so yeah.
That's right.
Okay.
You know what, I got created the roast, don't you?
To get you caught by those porkers.
That's why.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pomp 5, 60 on a mobile one.
Good pizza.
Thank you so much, Brad, and our buddies at Tony's for a great lunch.
That's a good sign.
They were real busy today, and they should be.
Got real good stuff.
Never forget those first days when we came over here.
We were down on the second floor of the ENGeorge.
I heard some of the other people on there talking about it.
They were paying who's buying lunch today, and we were going.
People over there are paying for their lunch.
What kind of broadcasters are these who have to pay for their lunch?
Have to pay for their food?
We're all suckling like, oh yeah.
Have to teach these people a lesson or two.
I don't want to mention who it was.
You know, that was funny.
Here's a mobile and Delray Beach.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, first time call her.
Yes, sir.
Hey, we had to be thankful for Jeff, the bush in Texas,
and I was even rancor the one we've got.
You know, right about this guy to receive you?
In what?
The videocardity defined.
Yeah.
The fact that this guy has been considered for the position of leader of the group.
And the only reason being that because his last name is Bush, how do you like that?
We did.
Scott's got through six and a half years ago,
a voting is damn father out, and all of a sudden the country is obsessed with bush again.
On the subject of the hypocrisy of the far right, this may be old news,
but did you ever get a copy of the Flynn report?
Of the what report?
The Flint report.
About what?
They're Larry Flint in response to the whole Republican thing regarding Clinton.
Yeah.
Or he was going to name all the names.
Great read.
All the areas read.
Okay.
Hey, I just filled my bon water.
I got to go.
Okay, see you.
Everybody's lit up for Jesus today.
Okay?
That's the new deal, man.
If it was good enough for John Lennon, it's good enough for his.
And of course, John Lennon took a bullet for, all right, Krishna, or whoever the hell he took that for.
For the Maharishi Mahesh Yogi.
For Yogi Barra, I think he took it for.
He was a big sports fan, John Lennon.
I took one for Yogi.
Come on.
Here you go, John.
5.670560, 0.560, 0.560 on a mobile one line.
Nobody saw that piece on 2020 last night.
Thank God.
You'd be 60 years stomach.
It's right in the middle of one time.
It's poor little underfed baby.
Of course, these religious nuts are all concerned about the unborn, about the fetuses,
but those babies once they climb out of their mother's womb, once they slice that a bellicochord,
they couldn't give a crap list.
Because the Lord says, and that was beautiful.
I mean, talk about people, right there.
What have I always told you about forced derelization?
There was my case right there last night on 2020.
And she's another one, by the way.
If you think that there's any sense to what goes on in this society,
just turn on your TV any weeknight and watch the NBC evening news with Tom Bokal,
who can't speak at all, and it's getting worse and worse.
They're going to have to have a guy down in the tripper if they don't put him out of patch.
You're pretty soon.
He can't speak a lick.
He can't lick it.
And then Bobbo, who's like a vali-a-intlisting stolly, I mean, what is that?
She's become like a parody of herself.
She can't speak two words, and she's on there making millions of dollars,
and is such a bitch, by the way, that he who downs, who's only 110,
he had to go in early retirement because he hit it like poison.
Here's, oh, we got the governor's email. Hello.
Yes, I got the governor's email address.
It's Florida.
I'm just a court governor at...
Wait a minute. Start slow.
FL.
As in Florida.
FL.
Under score.
Governor.
At eog.state.fl.
Oh!
You asked.
No, we got to have an easier one than that.
I wish, but that's what I wanted.
No, but we'll find a better one than that.
I hope so. Good luck.
Thanks.
Okay, there you go.
No, no, that's hopeless.
I'm telling you, I couldn't begin heads or tails of that.
We'll find one that's like two or three letters.
Easy for all of us.
Five, six, one.
The accident south of Sheridan.
Action in the south of Sheridan Street in I-95, by the way,
if you're headed northbound on I-95, don't.
Go over to U.S.1. Go to 441.
Just pull off the side of the road and light up a good one.
Okay? Just wait till it all clears out.
That's right. We're going to have a year-long smoke-in
as we lead up to the innu-millennium for the rest of 1999.
Or nine, six months of this year, everybody's going to be puffing away.
Okay? There are those cops to come and put the whole goddamn country in jail.
The weed police.
Oh, it's a gateway drug.
He could have been one of the biggest assholes I've ever talked to in my life.
It's a gateway drug, you know?
Lunatic.
You and all of us go and get a glimpse about the company.
And you must have you not gone this.
And the stock of this-pill-a-touch-nobody.
You can do it by bringing about compulsory education
on the subject of our topics in general.
But right now, the water, he's particular.
Oh, yeah, there you go.
Little reprimandes here on a Monday.
Oh!
It's big nail. It's big in the boat of us.
Reggie White. For his gamble, six.
Hey, nothing like our hot bowl of soup.
You know, we take it back to a time when my man had to knit our whole neighborhood smell like canned tomatoes.
We ain't like that no more.
When all the news leave it from Campbell's Soup.
Like jiggerbooth stew.
With chunky rat bowl, then modern ellipse.
And my favorite cream omule.
How it's lit with teagull poop to make it juicy.
Oh, and your woman is in luscious samples, no more.
Oh, cold scabble soup.
Be good.
Be good.
Be good.
That's what Campbell's Soup be.
So I'm channel surfing yesterday morning and here on CNN.
What about the hell it was?
And who did they got on there?
Reggie White.
I'm under 85 sports shows they got over the weekend.
CNN sports.
It was pretty much empty time.
I know, because it's not much else going on.
And so she's got Reggie White on there.
Whoever this novice reporter was, this make-believe reporter.
And what's he talking about?
Oh, well, you know, about letting the female reporters in the locker room.
And about the guys should be given an opportunity to shower.
And how evil that is.
And then of course about the faggots.
And about this one.
And then that one.
And the Catholics.
And everybody else is going to burn in hell.
And she's talking to him like, say, this is like the guy that called before.
The very prominent Catholic.
I wonder how this can be on the air saying these things, etc. and so on.
And yet they take somebody as grossly bigoted and irresponsible as Reggie White,
who's a mental midget at best and a moron at worst.
And they put him on her and she's like sucking his ass.
Like, oh, yeah, when Reggie speaks, people listen and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, all this other crap.
And she's giving him a forum to spew all of his hate.
And it's stupidity.
And he's going, eeehhhhh.
Yeah, yeah, good point, Reggie.
And you're right, keep them bitches out of the locker room.
Okay, keep them in their place until you're ready to, you know, screw them and beat the crap out of them.
Keep them bitches out, Reggie.
You're right.
You'd be right.
And then he reached over kind of like squeeze one of her breasts and he, yeah, that's right.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60.
I'll tell you what.
And she was, thank God, she was black.
Not real black, but like, you know, because we're starting a little bit nervous about all these dark jocks with the white chicks.
Okay, a little bit is okay.
But a little bit too much of that we start getting really...
Roy!
How's that?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on our mobile one line.
We've discovered today that the governor's wife, she's a lion piece of crap.
And of course the governor.
He's an asshole.
Here's Hi, Leah. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I have two things.
First of all, I went to make a Suke Gaming all over the weekend and I was very disappointed.
I lost 100 bucks and I didn't win a damn thing.
Yeah.
And second of all.
So what did we just upon it above?
Well, because I went in there with the faith in the good Lord Jesus Christ, I was going to win some money.
Yeah. Well, it sounds like a gateway to compulsive gambling. You better call up Ed Kaplan, sir.
And the second thing is Jesus told me that you're not going to be allowed in heaven.
Yeah, good. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Okay.
I'll see you down below.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, that was a brilliant call. One of our Julios.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60 and 05, 60 on the mobile one line.
Pretty weak material, Larry, sir.
And of course, you know what I'm saying, sir and man now, because that's the way we're supposed to do in America.
If we could just be so a little more polite to each other, we'd stop pulling each other's crap away, right?
Anybody believe that? No.
Step the governor of Mississippi or Louisiana, wherever the hell it is.
Well, I try to forget was that Mississippi or Louisiana? Somebody will know, maybe.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Medley. Hello.
Hello.
What is it?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
When Don Charlie said no goal, I felt great.
As soon as Brian Lewis got on, I never saw a script in my life that was so poor.
Yeah.
And the other thing is...
Well, they made up a whole new deal now. It was a continuous action.
I mean, what is that? There is no such thing, you know, but they had to make up a whole story.
Yeah, because it was us that...
Well, you know what, it's all over now, pal. That's the way it goes. That's Gary Patton and Paul. That's the way the league offering.
I couldn't hear anymore, Scott Ruffles.
What are they going to say in our party, your family?
What are they going to say in the statue on? Give us a break, please. It's been a pleasure.
Okay.
Anybody know what he said?
No.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Kendall. Hello.
How come down?
Yes, sir.
You have to get here, you know.
Your phone bill is mine. Your phone is the worst phone I ever heard in history.
Okay, call us back. Call us back on the mobile phone.
Go see Alexander Graham in borrowers' instrument. Okay, call us back on the phone that works.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in four-loader deal. Hello.
How come down? How you doing?
Okay, sir.
Good. I have to do agree with you on several things that you've been talking about.
Well, go right ahead, pal. Suck away. Go ahead.
It's number one to hockey game. What a farce.
I stayed up like you did till last past one o'clock watching a great hockey game.
I don't know how great it got in the overtime.
No, it wasn't great because they were both trying not to lose the game.
How great can it be when nobody's taking any chances at all?
And they're playing desperately. Everybody's terrified.
They're going to make the bad mistake that's going to want to lose in the game.
And it really got to be ponderous.
Yeah, well, you're right about that one.
But the other thing is that maybe we should kiss the ground because who now needed a step till three or four in the morning
to watch that kind of ponderous crap when you come right down to it.
Maybe they didn't want them to break the record. I don't know.
Yeah, that's true. You had to notice they were very close to breaking the old time record for longest game.
And then they stuck that one in there.
But I meant to tell you Thursday when I talked to you about the herald over Verapiece.
I knew it was coming out.
Oh, that was great.
Absolutely. Because it shows you.
And even the drug trafficker even said 90% of the people he did business with were white white.
Right.
And the other person that are in jail.
Black. That's right.
But you know, and then the other thing is that this is Bush.
She was just following in her husband's footsteps.
Yeah. Okay, you have a great thing. Whatever he said.
He can't think for sh**.
Okay. That's right. Any full of crap.
Yeah, that's the way it goes. Okay. The governor he lied to his teeth.
You know, he wasn't going to be a pawn of the religious right and he gets in here.
And we got the choose life on the license plate and all this other bull crap.
And of course, the vouchers for schools and try to put the public school system out of business.
Nice going there, Jebster.
You're not fooling anybody. Oh, and he's so much against casinos.
You know, as you get solid evils.
It's okay for his wife to go to Paris and try to smuggle 20 grand worth of crap that he brings in here
without paying the import duties on it to custom. That's okay.
But he's against casino gambling because it's evil and God forbid that.
You know, it's like a gateway. That's right. Everything is a gateway.
Once they put the hymn in there, there was a gateway to hell is what it was.
But hey, you wanted them. You got them.
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir. You're a fat bag.
Okay. Thank you. Thanks for the bulletin. I'm a fat bag. You got it.
Oh, right. There's a bulletin for the whole America out of it.
So, for the whole universe, I'm a fat bag. Thank you so much. Probably another one of my good religious people out there.
Okay. Hey, pal. Take one for Christ.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Palm 5, 60 on a mobile one line. The crazy people there. Yeah, fat bag.
But you're like, thanks for listening to 5, 60 QA. And by the way, sir.
Thank God for you. For people like you who are so much better than the rest of us,
like the governor and his god damn wife. Okay.
You know the one I'm talking about that didn't pay the afford grand.
I just can't stand that for that. Exactly.
Here's Hollywood. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Well, I'm calling about that hockey game.
What are all of a sudden people are calling about hockey? All season long.
I can't buy a call about hockey here. Well, I do.
And how can we get a crappy call? Are all of a sudden everybody's interested in this?
No, I've been interested the whole time since I really didn't have an opportunity to call you too much today.
Yeah. And now all of a sudden everybody's got an opportunity. Now that the horse is out of the barn.
I hate to break the news here. The game is over. The season. Thank God is finally over.
It's only the 21st of June. It's only the first day of summer.
And we finally got the guy damn season over with already.
Well, you know, and somebody told that little Jew, hey, guess what?
Maybe we ought to start the season a little earlier next year, October 1st.
And he said, oh, yeah, that's not a bad idea.
That's what he said. That little piece of crap from Cornell.
It just pisses you off because all of these games that were determined by goals that were disallowed by a stupid towing increase and all of a sudden now...
This sounds like stumpy to me. No, this is stubby.
Yeah, you stumpy. Oh, no. Have a great day, stumpy. Don't call me again. Call me in about two years when your voice changes.
56670560, POP 560. See now all of a sudden these people are coming out of the woodwork. All the hockey experts. There you go.
Right away, I noticed that they were real hot to try. Like I said before, to get Roman Turek is the backup goalie here yesterday that was in the paper.
And they're going to do this and all of a sudden you get up this morning. Oh, he just signed with St. Louis. Sorry.
That's why. And see, that's the truth. We know that's the reason they had a cough up the $10 million to get Pavel Burrey is because every other deal they ever try to pull off on right in the old...
Craper, okay? Oh, great one by the way for those of you who don't get CBC, which is most of you will be delighted to know.
Then at the end of the second period after Stubarn's cut up the game on Saturday night with another great goal.
His seventh of the playoffs by the way for Hank's illiterate audience.
And they're talking Don Turek and Ron McLean at the end of the in between periods about Stubarn's and Don Turek for the 500th time of saying,
geez, how come they ever let him go down there in Florida? And Ron McLean says, oh, they wanted a guy named Chris Wells.
And I just about wet my pants when I heard that. Well, okay, anybody seen him lately?
Oh. And then Ron McLean said, oh, by the way, they forgot where to wooly in that deal too and Turek just gave it that look like, oh boy.
So they almost had an insurrection down here when that happened.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
I think that's what happened after they did that. I think even though these people keep showing up, they don't care whether you can see the goal lights or not wearing this other stuff because I don't give a sh** anymore.
That's right. They took the guts out of the fans with that deal.
So they just, you know, we don't care. It's kind of like you're a Q&A. We show up, but we really don't care.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile in the crawlgabels. Hello?
Hello, Neil. Yes. How you doing, Neil?
Sensational. Well, listen, I went to with Chris this weekend.
Yeah. They opened up one, what about where?
Yeah, that's what I hear. They open one in the gables.
Yeah, they did, actually. And it's amazing. I had the fillet.
And it's funny. It's from other day. I went to Smith and Mollinsky and I went to Smith and Mollinsky.
Oh, you went there. I'm mentioning Smith and Mollinsky in the middle of my lawn.
Oh, my God. I can't believe you did that.
Yeah. Not only was the steak mediocre at best, but the service was horrendous.
And I mean, I have a lethal consistent.
Yeah, that's true. I mean, I wanted to thank you also because that root's Chris, one of the, I think, of friend of mine's his mom,
the steak came back a little bit too well done for her taste and they actually compter the meal.
Really? That shows really, you know, I'll try that next time.
Yeah. So I mean, I just want to thank you for a suggestion, that restaurant.
Okay. And glad you had a good time.
Yeah. See, there's nothing better than after you've eaten the entire steak and say, you know, that was a little bit too well done.
You know, it's all gone. It's, so there's nothing there left on the plate. Not even a little gristle.
A little bit too well done. How about a freebie? You know, and then they say, no.
I'm not going to go back into that root's Chris stuff again because nobody seemed to care about that.
You know, they don't give a crap whether they treat me well or not.
And if you don't, then why should I be, be labored the point? I'll talk about it tomorrow again.
5.670560.560 on the mobile one line. Can't beat their meat. I'll say that. That should be their slogan.
You can't beat roots meat. It's unbelievable.
It tend to be a little bit cheaper times, but that's where it goes.
Here's Miami. Hello?
Great. How you doing?
Great. My first time calling. I've got the governor's direct email address.
Great. I hope it's easier than that other one.
Not quite, but it's almost the same.
That was horrendous.
That other email address goes to his staff.
It's the most accurate. It's Bush, B-S-H-J, at...
Wait a minute. Bush, J, at eog.state.
Wait a minute. Ed, why?
The eog has executive office of the governor's office.
Oh, eog.
Yeah, eog.state.fl.
Oh.
There's no short version.
Okay. Bush, J, at eog.state.fl.
I guarantee you the reason they made it that complicated is because they know that a lot of people are going to be screaming bloody murder.
They don't want any goddamn emails.
Well, he's getting mine today.
We should get a toll-free number. Whatever the toll-free number is, rough there.
And tell the House you for the governor's office. We should get that too.
They don't got one.
They don't have one. Now, I checked already.
They don't have a toll-free number so the people in the state are constituents that pay his damn salary,
which he needs like a hole in the head. I can call up there and scream bloody murder about his wife being a line piece of crap.
No.
How do you like that?
Anyway, he's getting a mouthful from me today.
Okay.
Have a good time.
Let me have two mouthfuls. Okay, thank you.
There you go. People are pissed off.
Okay. About the sanctimonious hypocrites.
And don't give me a song in advance about, wow, you know, it was just a little bit of oversight.
She not only lied once. She lied twice.
She got caught when her goddamn goods down.
And she still lied about it.
All of a sudden I smelled Jim and Tammy Faye Baker and Jan and Paul Crocs and all of these fakers all over again.
That's same aroma.
Just keeps coming back over and over again.
5,670, 560, 05,560 on a mobile one line.
By the way, have I mentioned today what a jackass Todd Dreckie is?
No.
Oh.
I forgot to mention that at least 20 or 30 times today.
You know something? Maybe you think you're full and screw-and-over there who's too busy doing whatever she's doing.
But you're sure as hell not fooling me.
Take it an old piece of coffee with the same mistakes that had before in it and sticking it back in here again and putting something back there.
You think you're fooling anybody Todd?
No.
And at other piece of coffee that you were so psychotic about last Monday.
Here it's a full week later. Is there any changes made yet?
No.
No.
Who are you fooling baby?
Only because you work for a horsecraft operation like this one, a bump work radio station where the general manager is out of town probably eating free meals right now.
And the program director is running around suspending everybody trying to feel like a real man.
That's the only reason you get away with this crap.
You're not fooling me sweetheart.
Three minute, oh I see Jeff Cohen came in today to check out some good pizza.
Oh boy, it's the one to two hours.
You're the one who's shooting that well and that turns out.
Hit me.
Oh.
Can you see that I hit me?
Oh.
I'm out of the blue hands, oh.
Hit me outside the head.
Oh.
Time got to spend the next five minutes though and my time's late.
No, hit me.
102 at 560 WK, by the way speaking of Corey Sabin, if we had one call from four Myers yet from our vast audience over there about how he's doing on TV and four Myers.
No.
Well what is with that?
I even went out of my way and asked last week I said I'm sure we got at least what 10 or 12 people listening over there on a West Coast.
How is Corey doing?
How does he look?
Is he like fumbling?
Is he doing okay?
People over here would like to know.
We have any response?
No.
Fasters.
567-0560-050560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's sunrise.
Hello.
Sunrise.
Hello Neil.
Yes sir, okay.
Let me give you the real poop on the governor's e-mail.
Oh jeez, here we go, we'll spend the whole rest of the show giving different e-mail address.
I thought you were.
And most of the people in this audience wouldn't know where to e-mail if you stuck it in their rectum.
Can you believe the scum sent, will you got the paper today in front of you?
Yeah, not well, somewhere, yeah.
The local section 6B, a whole article titled Cyber Space Links to Governor with the People.
Oh really?
Three e-mail addresses.
Really?
6B in the local.
In the Broward?
In the Broward local.
Okay, one moment please.
It is?
Upper left hand corner, 6B.
Couple kept apart by the Lyon S policy.
Oh this is the hero you're talking to Sun.
Oh, let me hear the hero up.
Okay, do you think I don't make them stick again?
And there's one better e-mail address than the two previous ones which by the way were accurate.
Okay, here we go, 6B.
Cyber Space, you got a Governor of People.
Voice sends and gets 100 e-mails today.
He ought to begin 100,000 e-mails on this on a goddamn wife of his.
Look on the right-hand side of that column, second paragraph.
Oh, let's see.
One is Jeb.
Oh, Jeb Joe, now that's not too bad.
That's an easy one.
Jebjeb.org.
Jebjeb.org.
That's pretty easy.
Yeah, you got to read the last two paragraphs of the article.
Terrific.
Okay, thanks.
All right, amen.
Okay, it says Bush gets more e-mail from supporters than opponents, but he says he gets enough criticism to be reminded that not all agree with him.
He also gets e-mail from angry folks than one event.
I let them vent, but when they vent and vent and vent again, I give up he writes.
Yeah, give up.
Throw one of the towels, sweetheart.
Quit now before it's too late.
Get out of town.
But at the same time, Bush said it knows it's important to be exposed to critics.
It's very easy to have a cocoon be built around a public figure.
What do you say about that cocoon?
Adding it would be dangerous to let the cocoon grow.
I bet you're doing too many cocoons up there in Tallahassee.
You have like a speech impediment.
Yeah, we don't want too many cocoons here.
That's the way the bushes are, of course.
560, 560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
So Jebjeb.org.
That's all you need.
That's pretty simple.
Even we can do that.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
What do you think about all these kids coming out of summer school?
What does that mean?
Well, a lot of traffic and...
Okay, great.
560, 0560.
What do you think about all those people crossing the street?
Kids.
I mean, talk about week.
Talk about pathetic.
Talk about a simpleton with no life.
Okay? You know, that banana boat I understand.
245 this afternoon.
There are going to be bananas leaving every half hour and a half hour.
We're going to have Tchaikitadon there to hand you one.
You hop on a banana boat and we wish you well.
Okay, just don't come back.
Please.
Anytime soon.
560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T line.
You know, all these sports people, they can't wait until two o'clock
so we can get them more of those golf calls coming back.
Oh, yeah.
So you know for sure now the hockey, that's all over, right?
The NBA.
It's not over, but it might as well be.
That's going to be a sweep at the joke.
That's, you know, so in the Marlins, they lose every day.
So there's no story there.
So what are they talking about now?
They're talking about golf this morning when I'm driving to work
and they're doing it seriously like anybody who's a sports fan.
Oh, and I hear Geldie talking with D-Full about,
oh yeah, well, you know, even sports fans who aren't that much in a golf
would appreciate the job that Payne Stewart did yesterday.
Talk about a pain.
If you're a sports fan, does that mean you're into golf?
No.
That you pay any attention that you care once in a stupid goddamn golf tournament?
No.
You have to be out of your mind to believe that D-Full, okay?
And by the way, I want that goddamn autograph back.
I want five bucks for that.
Has me autograph a picture card for his mother?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
Pomp 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
I mean, at least when Geldie says that we know he's just a screwing around, okay?
But D-Full.
D-Full.
Here's a mobile and Palm Beach.
Hello?
Yeah, Neil God.
Yes, sir, speaking.
First time long time.
How's your cholesterol?
How is it?
How is it these days?
It's still there, I don't know.
Well, I got a couple of things for you.
Number one, there's a fruit in Spanish.
It's called Lima.
If you'll drink it.
I remember plenty of Lima.
He was another great golfer.
There you go.
No, no, no, no.
It's a Valorco.
Which if you drink it first,
you'll help your cholesterol magnificently.
My mother's evidence.
Can't have no fruits.
You're on diabetic, no fruits.
Well, no.
All right.
Second thing, comment on South Florida drivers.
You know the accident in Northbound 95?
You just comment on a little, you know?
Right.
I was in the thick of it.
I was following the guy in some kind of utility.
And all that happened was that he basically hit a puddle.
It started getting applied to break.
Car turned more severely toward the median.
And before it hit the wall, it rolled over.
The guys are right.
I was able to not be in the accident.
But four people behind me evidently weren't watching.
And they took it on the chin.
They took it on the chin?
And the chin and the rear and back down.
There you go.
Okay, well thanks for the good news.
And I'm glad you went on the road.
Oh, I got it.
Okay.
And the many evasive action and the seal.
5-6705-60, 05-60, 05-60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Yeah, what are we going to do about all these kids being out of school
about those pedestrians trying to cross the guy in Damstreet
and a chickens trying to get to the other side of the road, right?
Oh!
Oh, he was a great call.
Here's the sunrise.
Hello.
You know what, God.
Yes, sir.
The addresses for Jeff Buster in their article in the Sun.
Oh, so glad I asked this not.
Sorry, they're wrong, though.
The Sun Sentinel is still stuck in the 1970s.
They don't know for email addresses.
They don't have to set an app line.
So, jeb.org is going to bound.
It's jeb.app.
Jeb.org.
Oh, you hung up on me, Greg.
Oh, I did not hang up on you, sir.
I'm sitting here listening very politely.
Sir.
How do you like that?
Oh, wait, hung up on me.
Click.
I'm trying to get the goddamn thing you're correcting us.
I'm sitting here listening very politely,
like they like it always in and in Mississippi.
Yes, sir.
No, sir.
Yes, man.
And right away here, as soon as I hang up, click that's it.
No, you hung up on me.
How do you like that, Jack?
You hung up on me.
Okay.
So, take your ad and stick it up your record.
Okay, get out of my face.
No more emails, okay?
Nobody's going to email them anyway.
Nobody cares.
His wife could have brought a goddamn truawa
with 50,000 pounds of goddamn cocaine in its public.
And nobody cares.
So, stop putting on a good act for me to try to impress me
about how everybody is so concerned about this.
Nobody gives a flying crap.
If anybody in a state gave a crap,
he would never got in there in the first place anyway.
And they never would have run a dead man
against them but he McKay.
What do you expect me to keep running dead people
for office, okay?
The Republicans run Bob Dole.
He spends the next few years running around town.
Everybody can't get his...
Yeah, can't get it up.
And then we got but he McKay, who walks around going, you know,
everywhere he goes, the same...
Yeah!
Can't imagine why he didn't win it.
I'll say it again.
Jesse the body for Emperor right now.
What we need, that's our only hope,
is Jesse the body.
I'm telling you.
Get rid of Al Gore.
Get rid of this goddamn George W. Bush Jr.
or a senior or the third, whatever the hell is his name is.
Get rid of all of him, okay?
Because it's the same old, tired song in a dance.
Get somebody in there who's going to revolutionize this country
and bring us into at least the 20th century before it ends.
Don't forget tomorrow's the Tuesday.
That's free weed day for everybody.
Oh! Bush!
Bush!
Oh!
We've got had a bomb
and took a hiss in Woody, act like Cheech and Chong.
And just some munchies and make brownies filled with hair.
Yes.
And Woody's sharing with Jesus and the saints
the highest honest and yeah, yeah.
Heart is breaking, yeah, yeah.
Heart is good, yeah, yeah, yeah.
What has got most cannabis?
Broken cloth, my corner brush.
Gave me high on the back of the box
just in the nose of skin tone.
On a greyhound, but too low.
To get some bad skin on the road.
A few times back to take home.
Most of the five Marley on his throne.
No fun in heaven if you're so...
115 and 560 WDQM.
It's a gateway, baby.
It's a gateway to a bigger, and better and worse your things.
You know that.
Does everybody know that?
Cut the cramp.
Stop smoking at wicked weed.
Stop doing all these evil things, okay?
Because we want purtons in this country.
We want to go back to the Stone Age.
Let's get the pilgrims back, all right?
They know how to cook in Turkey.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Delray Beach.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Two things.
First of all, get bushes and assholes.
Okay, thank you.
Here's Mobile in Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Why is this just a wife's crime?
I mean, he knew she spent 20 grand over there in the morning.
How do you know that?
Won't they travel in together?
No.
They weren't?
I don't think so.
It's not what the story says.
Oh, okay.
Well, I haven't read it.
I'm just going on.
I've read it.
I've got to write in front of me.
It doesn't even mention his name.
It's like he doesn't even exist.
Well, if they were traveling together, he knew she spent 20 grand.
Let me talk about it again.
It doesn't say that they were traveling together.
Okay?
It doesn't say that.
Well, maybe somebody in the audience has read a bigger, more expanded.
I really don't know.
I have my doubts, but nevertheless, I don't know.
See, I know one of those people that jumps to conclusions,
and even though as much as I find him,
anxious at best and grotesque at work,
I'm not going to start like casting stones in his direction.
But the fact is that regardless of whether he was with or not,
that these are people who got elected in part by putting themselves up,
setting themselves up as great moralist to the right of us,
and being holier than the valid citizens so on,
and they're not. They're full of crap.
I don't like comedy.
They're full of common smugglers to me.
Okay, thanks.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the 18.
Did that guy want to have a conversation?
No.
Did he want to be bothered with a fact?
No.
But that's okay. Just be pissed off.
And that email address, by the way, is...
Here's four Lauderdale.
Hello.
One being. It's underneath.
Okay.
Here's Coral Gables. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Love your show.
Gotta say that.
All these people that are calling and complaining about what Jeva Life did
as some reflection on him.
You know, I mean, he did something very wrong.
I don't think anybody's arguing that.
But for that to be legitimate point of criticism against him,
all those people who are saying that,
and this is all across the whole national media now.
Everybody's talking about it.
Well, what about all the lives that he's told about how he wasn't going to be a pawn of the religious rights,
and it comes in with his choose life-built crap on a license plate?
I don't know.
Wait. What I was just saying is that all these people...
I have a feeling that lying runs into the Bush family.
You know what I'm saying? Read my lips, okay?
Well, all these people that are criticizing...
And why we're having a conversation or not?
Yeah, we're having a conversation.
I'm just saying that these people who are criticizing the governor based on something his wife did,
are the same people who are going to be crying foul when people start criticizing Hillary Clinton
and her Senate rates for stuff that her husband did.
I know Steve, but the New York Daily News poll shows these eight points ahead now of what's his name,
that Jack asks, Giuliani.
That's fine. That's fine.
Thank you.
You're going to want to put it by 15 points. You mark my words, okay?
But they're going to be when people criticize her.
We have a little live in New York State.
We don't live in New York State.
I don't give a flying crap about Rudy Giuliani or Hillary Clinton.
Okay, we live in Florida.
Okay.
You don't think they got a right to criticize this?
Not to criticize.
I'm not to criticize her.
Yeah, to criticize her.
Yeah, I'm not to criticize people.
You're missing the big point, obviously. Maybe it's too big.
Sorry, you're in the face.
They said that these people, and their whole campaign thing,
you all had the family and the kids and the Mexican kids and the whole deal,
and they set themselves up as goody-two shoes.
And she's a lion's bitch.
Well, that's debatable.
They set themselves up as goody-two shoes.
They should have thrown themselves in.
It's debatable.
Yeah, they don't care.
They don't care.
That she wasn't in the ads that they set themselves up.
Or this model family and how wonderful they were in righteous and god-fearing, et cetera, and so on.
I don't know about all that.
They set themselves up.
Well, then go back and take a look at the ads.
Okay, because I saw them and so did everybody else.
You don't know about it because you don't want to know about it.
You're nothing but another partisan political animal.
That's all you are.
You're just another bush-licker.
There's a bush-licker over there, and here's another bush-licker over here.
Yeah, there's another bush-licker over here.
Yeah, there's an other bush-licker right there.
560, 7.0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
And you.
I'm telling you no.
Okay, great.
You're 10 years old, and let's see.
Call me back in five years.
Don't be putting your pucky little kids on here.
Okay, we got 400 open lines here to talk to adults over the age of 15.
Okay, we don't want to talk to pucky little kids because they're out of school.
And you're too much of a pussy to get on here and talk to me yourself.
There's nothing in the world.
That was a little kid honor.
It was an adult to cut on.
Huh?
An adult.
Yeah, see, the adult calls.
This is the oldest trick in the game.
They get on hold, and then they put the little pucky kid on.
Okay, you have five years old.
You're 10 years old.
How about you?
If you want to make it to 11, don't do that again.
Okay, sir.
And you notice I did call him sir because I want to be polite.
Like you're doing in Mississippi and Louisiana and all those other mongwong states, you know, in the deep south where the education system is basically about to get on the path.
Just be polite and when crew step real good and where you're a little brown uniform, make sure you got enough guns.
You can only buy one a month now, you know, if all this other stuff goes through what they didn't get through, you know what I'm saying?
Oh gee, what are we going to do for you only buy one gun a month?
My god, what the...
God, so much time and so little ammunition.
So many abortion doctors in the, you know, five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's Pompano, hello.
Hi Neil.
Yes sir.
Yeah, Neil.
You're right.
I've finally had something with substance on last night.
And I don't hear any of these people talking about it, you know, why don't they want to know why because they can't deal with it because they're so damn brainwashed about the evils of marijuana.
They're still doing a reforemedic thing.
That was 65 years ago that stupid thing came out.
Wow, you know, I'm a recovering addict and I'm, you know, I'm living proof.
I'm a, you know, I went in treatment 14 years ago Neil and I'm a small businessman.
The only thing I can come up with is that the government has such a big agency now that all these DEA agents might really have to go out and find a real job out.
Instead of this guy talking about the enormous amount of weed coming across the Mexican border.
Oh my God, what are we going to do now?
I felt like all my brainwashed out.
Well, you know, and let's face it, you know, Bush's wife.
Where is she from again, Mexico?
Yeah, well, she's probably smuggling weed in across the border too.
She was probably one of the ones he was talking about.
Well, she didn't want to talk about that.
She didn't want to declare it.
Yeah.
And one more thing, Neil.
John Campbell in the North American Cup this weekend, buddy.
Okay, whatever you say, call one of the gambling shows.
Okay, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0.5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Don't start with this harness raising crap.
Okay, nobody here has any idea what that's even all about.
They wouldn't know John Campbell from Glen Campbell.
Here's Coral Springs. Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I'm a 10-year-old boy.
My doctor doesn't have me on the right to start his own medicine.
He's working on getting the dose right.
How are you doing?
Okay.
Listen, you know what I was thinking this time?
I think we got a few people out there in this audience that they got a dose.
This deal with, uh, Jav and his wife.
You know, this could be his chapequitic.
You know, because we really like the president.
There's something nobody's even talking about this.
I'm sitting here screaming about it.
Nobody seems to care.
Nobody seems to give a crap.
In addition to which who died in this?
How do you compare this with chapequitic?
Because this is always going to come up.
Hopefully it's always going to come up.
But the point you missed is, number one, a Kennedy has been reelected to the Senate every time he's up since the 1969.
He's still in there and doing a help.
What?
Not for president.
I didn't know Jav Bush was running for president.
He was planning on it.
Yeah, we got to get George and they've got to get the older brother in there for two terms.
They'll get to see these guys are going to show the Kennedy's a thing or two.
Well, the idea is you don't only elect the men, you do it like the presidential wife too in a way.
And this guy before that called a minute ago.
Thank you so much, sir.
This guy that says, well, I didn't see the family.
The hell you didn't, every goddamn addy had his little fresh-faced kids there in his Mexican wife.
And they're like pandering and pandering all over the goddamn place.
And she'd go, ah, much as cross-y as I was here.
I'm going to spend you all about, you know, even though she's Mexican.
And of course, a lot of unsuspecting.
See, she don't have to pander again in Dave County because those people,
you know the ones I'm talking about, the ones that are all going to get...
I don't know, I don't know, I don't know.
There's the ones that got their Iliana gross salatin blow up at home.
Those are the ones that always vote for whatever Republican candidate there is anyway.
You don't have to worry about that because anybody that left a gang is con.
Oh, come on Easter.
Come on Easter.
They're still hockin' that same old crap.
That same old tired, stupid crap.
Because they never met a fascist they didn't like.
But anyway, that being, that being sitting on the side.
What am I getting worked up about on a Monday, you know?
You know, you've all been out of shape and worked up to why we need to give a crap?
No. Of course not.
What's the point?
What's the point?
It all kind of like ties in together.
As you watch these desperate people coming up with these idiotic solutions.
Oh, let's ban freedom of speech.
And let's make the kids rest up in little uniforms and go step in yes sir and yes man.
And make a much more polite.
God forbid we have any fewer guns out there in the street.
Or that, oh, one of the greatest lines I ever heard in my life.
One of these right wing assholes Republican congressmen as they were debating, you know, 115, 120 in the morning, few nights ago.
He says, well, you know, and a lot of people really enjoy going to these gun shows.
Isn't that great?
A lot of people enjoy doing heroin too.
We're going to legalize that.
No.
I don't think so.
Yeah, a lot of people are psychroll.
We're taking away their, I think it's right there in a constitution, isn't it?
They you have a right to go to a gun show, at least one a week.
That way that was beautiful.
Not that the NRA's got a hold of these guys.
You don't understand that, don't you?
Yeah, the NRA don't have a hold of them.
Well, there's some of these people who really enjoy to go to these gun shows.
Great.
Somebody ought to tell our good sheriff up there in Broward County, Ken Jenny, that a lot of people enjoy going to these swing clubs too.
How do you like that?
Oh, they can't have that.
There's sex going on here. That's evil.
Okay. Shootin' people. That's okay.
But swing clubs.
Oh my God.
That's evil.
We don't like that.
A lot of people enjoy it, therefore must be okay.
Hmm.
That's quite sick. She's only got one eye.
Before Bill Clinton, after Ronald Reagan, during Desert Storm, our president was George Bush.
Yeah, the guy that said no taxes in light and gave us taxes anyway.
Whatever.
George Bush's wife was on the dollar bill, and they had a child.
Millie.
Millie was the dog now it's dead.
George Bush is the son of our former president and now a politician in Texas.
And now he wants to be your president.
We already had George Bush's president.
Look, bitch. It's a different guy as a shut up.
It's never too early to think about our next president.
George Bush, with his running mate, Arlen Specter.
Bush Inspector?
Bush Inspector.
The next time you're that voting pot, think Bush Inspector.
The team that snatch the presidency.
What did you say?
Bush Inspector.
That's what I thought you said.
Hey, it sounds like a tasty ticket.
Not the ban is in swallow.
No, the young George Bush team with the older statesman, Arlen Specter.
The ticket we call Bush Inspector.
Bush Inspector.
Cool.
I can get into that.
Where do I sign up?
In the voting box.
Looking for some box.
Great.
Looks party.
The Republican party.
The more about this Bush Inspector thing, are you into this?
Oh, yeah.
Mind if I inspect it?
That's the ticket.
Hey, what are you doing?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, right there.
Oh.
Bush Inspector.
I can't wait to be pulled.
How would your Bush show me your mountains?
I've figured it out.
I liked it.
Bush Inspector.
The one to the.
All right.
131 at 560 WQM.
We got thank over.
Sure.
From Shula State to come up at 2 o'clock.
We got Jim Mad Dog.
Yeah.
Madditch at 6 and then Kaplan 10 for those members of GA who they let out after the weekend.
Oh, boy.
You know, just do the same old crap.
Same old tired stuff.
I can understand why most of the public are worn out.
They just keep getting screwed over.
Left side, right side, lied to.
That's why they want to, you know, see more exciting stuff like golf.
That's what does it for me?
Give me a good golf tournament, Aita.
Lock me in the house out of weekend, tuned in there watching pain, steward.
All these other guys, the smack at their balls around.
That's what I want to see.
Here's the mobile in Mirabur.
There's that line 8 again, area 8.
Line 8.
Five inches to one of those things.
It's this crappy phone system, okay?
Do we care about it?
No.
No.
When it first started happening, when we moved up in the studio back in March,
I used to get psychotic and scream and yell.
But do I care anymore?
No.
Because Gellie said, screw it.
You could pay the, you know, almost on time every couple of weeks for what's a big deal.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
We got 400 open lines and we got 27 minutes to go.
We're going to make it today.
Go.
Ended outed.
Now, one person saw that show on 2020 last night with the religious nut starving their little kid to death.
We're doing their damn best until the state had a step in and take him away because of the religious nut.
Now, one person saw that, right?
No.
And we had two people that saw her out the last night who finally after the first two million shows
did a good show that was worth talking about.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Yeah, yeah.
Yes, sir.
How about this one, Louisiana, that makes the school kids tell their teachers sir or anything?
I've been talking about that all day, sir.
I mean, what's the hell with that?
Yes, sir.
I mean, kids shouldn't have to do it.
What are you going to do?
Put a cop in every class.
We're going to have the yes or no sir police.
That's correct.
We're going to be polite police.
You know, we got the word police like they got there in Michigan that did a thing, the cursing police up there.
They got 90 days in Spanish, Michigan, and $100 fine he's going to get.
Well, we're going to have the politeness police.
And if little kids don't say yes or no sir, we're going to give them what for?
Because of all those damn questions, the fundamental.
There you go, because we got simplistic answers.
If we just said we're more polite than put the 10 commandments up, then all of a sudden the crap is going to go away.
What kind of a moron believes that?
Ah, here you are, ma.
And good luck to us, sir.
And thank you for calling, sir.
5, 6, 7, in fact, you know something people are too polite, they make me nauseous, you know what I'm saying?
People are like a polite to the point of being obnoxious, it makes you want to barf.
Being a little bit courteous like holding the elevator open for women or for people older than you, which in my case ain't too many anymore, except when I'm down here.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Simplistic answers.
Let's just turn the clock back, okay, to the 50s.
Let's bring back Ozzy and Harriet.
Let's go back to father of those best.
Let's go back to all of that, go, you know, leave it in beaver, all that stuff.
Here's Miami, hello?
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got a question about the candidates for the upcoming future.
The upcoming what?
The future that's coming up.
I want candidates for the upcoming future?
Yeah, yeah.
First of all, I enjoy your show very much and I think you should be on the national show.
I should be.
Yeah.
Then I might actually get some calls, but anyway.
That makes sense.
What I'm trying to figure out is what would it take to get on the ballot something to find out how much this country would be in favor of legalizing marijuana?
What's the next question, sir?
Now I've done a comedy, this is dumb comedy, what's your next question?
Well, it's going to happen, pal.
It's not going to happen.
Well, let me say it again, it's not going to happen.
That's the American way.
They just barely got it through the marijuana for medical purposes in Arizona and a couple of other places.
They barely squeaked that thing through, but the idea that marijuana is going to be decriminalized for the general population, you must be dreaming.
Well, if enough people...
They're going to declare mom and apple pie illegal before they're going to do that.
Yeah.
That's right.
Well, that's why I think you should have a national forum.
If you ever ask your company if they could get you on a national forum...
This company won't even give me a guy named 800 Lyme, so people overlisting on a West Coast and four Mires and Naples,
and people listening on the audio net all over the countries that they can call in.
This company is cheaper than it's beyond belief.
Well, I think there's enough of us out here that appreciate what you're doing to kind of maybe we should call in and get you on national forum.
And how are you going to do that, sir?
Do you have a magic wand?
Do you have a miracle worker?
Well, I wouldn't say my wand is magic.
There's a better chance of you go out in the backyard and finding 25 million in small bills right now than this company putting me on national or any other goddamn place.
Well...
The only place they got me on is Fort Myers because they don't have to pay me for that, and they want to fill up a lot of free-year time over there.
Yeah. Well, maybe if you could get some type of advertising campaign between you and the whiskey for cigars or something.
Yeah, okay. There you go. We'll work on it, okay?
Okay. We got an Invento for you here, sir. Just keep it out of your...
Correct them.
5670560, POM 560 on the...
There must be a footies boyfriend right there, huh? That business...
Oh, yeah, there's a little cigar shops.
Oh, brother.
You're a real comedian footie. You think after 70 years in a business, you know something about it because the obvious answer is no.
Oh, you don't.
And by the way, nice suck-up job there with what's your name from Channel 10, which I forgot her name already, and Diane Magdom.
Boy, what a bitch that is, huh?
Well, you want to actually get the story right?
No. Here's a mobile-in-for-later-dale, huh?
Mobile-in-for-later-dale.
Is this me?
It sounds exactly like you.
Hello, Neil. God. How are you?
Great.
I didn't get to watch 2020, but I did get to watch Charles Groden last night.
Oh, geez.
Oh, he did good.
He had Bob Barn in his...
Oh!
Maybe John?
You know, telling them they're hypocrites for standing up on the outside.
So let me ask you something. Why do we need to keep seeing Bob Barn over again?
You notice ever since the God-demon-peak...
That's an asshole.
Don't we already know that? Why do they have to keep giving him all this air time?
Okay. Well, I won't mention his name again.
Don't we already know that he's an asshole? Doesn't everybody with a brain always an asshole?
So what do we need to see him anymore, including that one congressman from California that had the hair done over the side of his head?
What do we need to see those assholes all over again?
We were put to a year and a half of that crap.
You're right. So anyway, that's all I was gonna say.
And just tell Bob Barn a nice mustache, okay?
Never trust a guy with little mustache like that.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the 8th day, I wouldn't be surprised if he comes back as a house painter in his life that Bob Barn...
Piece of crap.
But that one guy, that kids...
Oh yeah, well, you know, who are we to take away the right of so many Americans who enjoy going to their gun shows?
Wouldn't the pilgrims be proud to hear that?
Yeah God take away those muskets shows that they wouldn't know what they'll do
How can he shoot their turkeys if he took away their muskets right good point
If you're sick and tired of all of this crap, okay, and I know I sure am especially that thing would have website
Oh, please with that email
Just put a big round one in your mouth right now, okay from our friends at Nixigar is just sit back
Get some real good smoking pleasure try out one of those great Pradoma Reserve X's boy those are good or the Cuban bullets wow
Man if they would have had those back in 59 we wouldn't have to be in this mess today. I'll clear that right now
And all the other great cigars the Nixigar makes the doserios de la tradition on the San Jose and
They're all great. You know the immense though the big fat round one and a cigar too
oh
What is things are everywhere.
Oh, dear, oh dear.
I can't not bear.
You believe I'm over there?
Will you believe I'm in my air?
I must be something there, I say.
I'm not.
A bird's in your ears.
But he is outside of your ears.
Your ear can hear my ear.
What does this bird's in his mouth say?
What does this bird's in his mouth say?
What does this bird's in his mouth say?
What does this bird's in his mouth say?
Who is this man saying he's mad?
Well, you never met me,
that I said, as when everything's right, that guy.
What is this bird's in his mouth say?
What is this bird's in his mouth say?
Why?
It's a bird's in his mouth say.
What is this bird's in his mouth say?
I'm gonna bet you now, bet you now, bet you now.
What's 25 and 560 WQA?
Another great day for the Irish.
No Marlon game today.
That's why everybody's in such a good mood.
We can't get bothered about that, Bullcrap.
How can you, how can you worry about stuff like that when you got golf to talk about?
You know what?
Boy.
And you know something, I was so astonished this morning coming to work.
And of course the little dog being suspended so there's only guilty in the beefo.
And they're going on and on and they kept coming back to that to the neighbor.
They got one call finally.
Some of them are one of these boring nerd golf guys out there and that CD went flying in there.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T where I was flying.
Oh, I sure hope Hank ain't gonna talk about golf today.
Jesus Christ.
Not that I want to tell him what to talk about.
Oh, please.
At least wait until 30.
Wait till I get home, please.
No golf.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How's it going?
Great.
In the weekend, buddy here.
Good.
Is high school ready?
Yeah.
And since you were talking about...
Have you ever taken a shower then, Mickey?
Did we go through this once before?
Yeah, we went through this before.
Yeah.
And I never got to take a shower.
Oh.
I know about Jeff Bush.
I also want to stay at school with his son.
And I just want to let everyone know that the first time I did try cocaine was in Ted Bush's
home.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, I like when he said that.
You wouldn't know.
Uh-huh.
Any other good stories you want to make up?
See how corrupt he's part of the golf.
Any other good stories you want to make up, sir?
Well, yeah.
Can I talk to him with these guys?
Yeah, uh-huh.
Yourself.
Go look at the mirror.
Okay.
Go snort this.
Go snort a good number.
560, 705, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Three little Julios.
Remember that thing?
Three little things.
We got three little Julios sitting in the tree.
If, uh, how's that go?
Here's a Highland Beach.
Hello?
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
I saw that wide eyed nun blinking wacko on 2020, right?
Yeah.
What is scary to see?
To watch him talk.
He's like a robot.
Right.
Uh, yeah.
And then he's smiling the whole time like this was some kind of a big joke.
And this is after the fact you understand.
What about the wife?
No one's talking she's like, Kigling silly.
Yeah.
But getting divorced, right?
Uh-huh.
That is the strangest stuff I've ever heard.
Well, what do you mean, three little kids?
Well, three little kids.
This goes on all the time.
Religious nuts, having her kids and brainwashing them and, uh,
and doing all sorts of things.
Do them and then again, and then they're going to name a religion.
And yet the guy who over there in Hollywood,
did you see the update on that story that put the trellis on the house?
The Hindus or whatever the Hollywood are, that are father and anybody that are good decent people
and never stole a freight train?
And Hollywood says,
No.
I forget what they were supposed to have another final hearing on that.
Well, the neighbors said that it was unsightly.
You know something, that should be your worst problem.
Okay, mind your own goddamn business over there.
These people are trying to do their thing and keep the evil spirits out.
I wonder if they came along and tried to take the Mizzuzo off every old Jews door in Hollywood
what the hell they would say.
Oh!
Yeah, then they'd be singing different tune.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Two calls left in the board.
Are we going to make it until two?
No.
No chance.
I feel a real big musical thing coming on, any second now.
You can almost smell it.
Here's Fort Myers, hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
I want to sounds a little unique last week.
How do you like the new Cuban bullet?
That's why I've just been talking about it.
I just got through San I like five minutes ago.
And you like it?
I like the Cuban bullet, yeah.
I'm Cuban and I got a bullet between my legs if you want it more.
Yeah, okay, yeah.
How about you do?
I think you probably got between your legs in a back like in your back.
That's where you got a bullet.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
I'm off that heavy cheese diet.
Okay, pal, so save it.
Here's Miami, hello.
Miami.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I just got a question, buddy.
Why don't those damn congressmen just legalize buds already?
Mm-hmm.
You give me a quick answer that or what?
You're my habitual smoker.
I smoke every day.
Here's your answer, pal.
Okay, that's it.
That cleans out the board.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
That's it.
That's the end of our reaction today.
Oh, boy.
It's just tragic.
Doesn't that make you really you wonder?
You get out there like I said on the road and you look around.
You look to your right and you look to your left.
And you just kind of like shake your head and disbelieve in this May.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Italy.
Italy.
Okay, great.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Boy, they're coming out now.
Usually it starts about 1.15 today.
They waited to about 1.45.
Now they're all coming out of the world because as usual,
they've run out of material.
We've got to plate that so full and it's spilling over to God.
They're measures today.
But things people got nothing.
I guarantee if we were talking about golf and paint store today,
this phone would be sizzling.
They'd be smoking off the hook.
Were they doing it this morning?
No.
No calls.
Maybe that's why we got no calls today.
Maybe we were going to look out of business.
We just don't know yet.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pomp 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless light.
Here's Pompano.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing, Bill?
Okay.
I thought I was doing pretty good.
I'm trying to be classified in this group.
I would have classified in what group?
I would have thought of it.
I would have thought of it for a cardboard cutout.
Yeah.
More I vote for Jeb the Heb.
Jeb the Heb, yeah.
What a jerk.
And he's an asshole.
Yeah.
And I'll tell you, I would like to say I would have called him.
Here's a man that never was even elected dog catcher before in his life.
Never held public offices in but involved in Godling those.
How many shady deals?
And all of a sudden he's the God damn governor.
We wake up when he's the governor and he tells us to his life.
His wife is to a...
She's choosing the smuggling.
He says to his life.
You know, I wrote in a vote.
I did not vote for that piece of trash at this moment.
Yeah.
You know, God knows what those people do.
Well, thank God for you, sir.
That right in votes you're helped a lot, didn't it?
Yeah.
That really did it.
I think if you had just voted for Buddy, then I'd put him over the top, okay?
But thanks for writing in some meaningless name, okay?
Like Alfredi Newman, I've gone, sir.
Really making your voice count.
Yeah.
