Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neal Roger Show.
To talk to Neal, call 567-Bull 560 toll free in Miami Dade and Broward, or pound 560 at your cell phone.
The opinions of Neal, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM.
Beasley read acquisitions or the Beasley broadcast group.
Now, Neal Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
It's Friday, you're fast and...
Homosexuals are more popular than ever before.
And that's why TVS has colorized and homosexualized two movie classics will be doing pleasure this weekend.
Sunday at noon. Enjoy a classic love story with a neat twist.
It's William Shakespeare's timeless tale Romeo and Julius.
Romeo. Wherefore, art thou Romeo?
I'm writing you. I've been teaching you where?
If I'd be hide you during a place in itself.
How sad I felt like it's getting out knowing this.
Fifth and three. TVS presents one of Rubin Dems all time.
Homosexualized, I've been hobo.
I've come to be the king. And who are you?
Why? I'm his queen.
I've been hobo. Don't visit this Sunday. And next week is Charlie.
And the children's classic adventure.
Hold on a moment. TVS. Your entertainment alternative for alternative.
Well, here we go again, boys and girls.
The overhead speakers ain't working this morning. Nothing is working in here because you're not wanting to...
I don't know why because it's the QA. I can't even say it. I can't even hear myself think.
That's what it is. Which I can't hear that anyway.
As the technical disaster continues, I understand yet.
By the way, does anybody think I was here yesterday? No. No, I was not here yesterday.
Was it tape? What is that?
Temporary what? That doesn't work in here anyway. It doesn't work.
It doesn't work on this board. We've tried that eight million times.
And now that the whammy people are not here anymore with their little speaker we use to use,
every time this was happening, there's no overhead at all. I can hear nothing.
But hey, let's hear it again for the technical incompetence of QA.
In this room, actually, it wasn't great. But, you know, we finally headed down almost to a bad science for a while there.
And then they decided, oh, well, let's put all the other people in there for a week
because Greg reads in a big ass hurry to impress the Super Bowl assholes from the NFL.
And they pockied around with air-beat piece of equipment that we've got.
And now, guess what? Nothing works in this joint.
Absolutely, positively, zippity do round the big, awful works in there.
I hope you can hear that because I couldn't.
This is beautiful. This is just exactly what you'd expect.
Because Greg reads in a big hurry. See, I'm in a big hurry to get my bonus check yesterday,
which I wasn't out in sick yesterday. So I'm assuming it's here today. Is it here today? No.
Because it was due yesterday, according to the legal deal that we got, is it here?
No, that's just your money. Don't worry about that. But we got, we're in a big ass hurry to impress everybody.
So like yesterday morning, we had the disaster with the guys outside out on remote,
losing the line 500 times, putting on ESPN radio or whatever it how it was.
It is totally absolutely unbelievable.
And do we see an engineer anywhere inside? No. He's on his way.
I can't hear you. Don't you understand?
So you're talking to me, but I can't hear you. The audience can hear you, which is great.
Audience can hear George. Oh!
Which is good.
So I have all kinds of stuff to pass along.
First of all, condolences to, I mean, just about everybody. It's horrendous week.
Our good friend Marie from Wayne Arnold's passed away yesterday. Very prematurely.
Great guy. Our condolences to his family. Kevin Kitchens, who I never knew.
But I knew of who was a JNO for you. I would at the RMF for years, JNO's FM.
And then was over at EAT.
39 years old, he's dead.
Unbelievable story. And what I'm hearing, you know, this, I just, I'm sorry,
but this is just unacceptable as what this is. I feel like I'm talking to a God damn tin cup,
which I might as well be.
But hey, it's the, like I said, the QAMF and Wayne, we just continue with this technical incompetence.
Can't find an engineer for love or money because this studio doesn't count for anything, okay?
It doesn't mean anything. We're just window dressing here.
And so the amount of involvement, the amount of care, the amount of technical concern that we've had for this studio,
since they're busy pocketing while with all this other stuff, is none.
Zipity, doodah, zero. Let the other guys come in here and screw everything up.
But do we get the engineer back down here to fix it?
No.
Put it back together again, like Humpty Dumpty.
No. Can't do it.
Can't do it.
And finally, when I'm starting to feel better, because I finally actually went to a living and breathing doctor yesterday over Cleveland Clinic,
my good friend Dr. Posco Newyak, who got me off that Adalat.
And I'm thinking to myself, you know, I just might be out of the woods now.
I'm feeling a lot better. I don't have all that flush in my pus.
And I come in here and all of a sudden, I'm be, and I don't think it's an allergy to Adalat.
I think it's an allergy to this place. It's got to be.
Because I've been doing this for about 600 years and I have never, I mean, we've had all kinds of technical problems over the year.
I've been through it all. You name it. I've been through it.
I've gone out to broadcast high school sporting events with no goddamn phone line hooked up like an hour before the game.
And still I did one broadcast to high school football game standing on top of a car.
Many years ago, I don't think I'd be wanting to stand on a car in my fat shape today, but nevertheless.
So I've encountered every kind of technical disaster you could imagine.
But this place has got a special place in my heart, man, because they come up with stuff that has never been invented.
Every single day is a major challenge, even though that we're all one big happy family in the same building now.
They just can't get crap on the year.
What are we doing? Where is the end? I don't know. I'm asking you a question because I can't hear you anyway.
He's what?
There's something we can try like what going home sounds good to me. Sounds very appealing to me.
And they go and have my bonus check. How do you like that? Which was due yesterday. Yesterday was 10 days after.
10 days after the numbers came out. Is it here? No.
How many times in a row have we gone through this?
Every single time you see when Greg reads, that's his fingers. Then we got to get everybody in that thing upstairs because he got to oppress the NFL.
But when you have a contract with this man, when he actually owes you money or has some kind of obligation, well, I will get around to it when we feel like it.
Absolutely unbelievable and unacceptable.
And you know something I'm starting to get that flashback again. I felt so great like 15 minutes ago.
And I'm starting to get that flashback in my pussy again. I was out of the woods. I thought Jesus Christ and Joseph.
After eight weeks of misery, I finally got a doctor that had some idea what's going on. Give me a different drug for my blood pressure. No flush, no mess, no must.
And here we are with another technical nightmare this morning. So in any rate, a lot of people, I guess, thought that I was here yesterday and George has the phones were ringing off the hook, which I have no idea why must have been a pretty damn good deceptive tape.
Anyway, seven minutes after 10 at 560 WQ AM among folk music greatest names are Peter Paul and Mary.
But before Mary, there was Bob. And now case now records has discovered the law states of Peter Paul and Martha.
Here's your chance to own a piece of musical history that didn't change the world, but might have if someone had ever actually heard Peter Paul and Marley.
And if you pop enough, then you'll probably see Peter Paul and Marley every song strikes a chord every song warms the hearts and every song contains the words, jaw and Irish.
Get to your music store soon and experience Peter Paul and Marley before it all goes up and smoke.
Two table spoons of cinnamon and two of the egg whites. I have a stick of butter, mouth here, stick it all in a bowl baby, stir with a whisk, boom.
Mix in a cup of flour, you'll be in heaven soon. Say everybody ever seen my balls that big and salty and brown.
Can you ever need a quick pick me up just take my balls in your mouth?
Ooh, got them at chocolate, stop that ball. Digging in the mouth and stop them.
Got them at chocolate, stop that ball. They're fast full of vitamins and good for you.
One a cup of unsweetened chocolate and a half a cup of rindy.
And throw it back into a sugar and just to fish out for mella.
Breathe out that cookie sheet from the haze with my balls stick.
Then three heaped the oven to be sitting and give the spoon a lid.
Say everybody ever seen my balls that big and salty and brown.
Can you ever need a quick pick me up just take my balls in your mouth?
Just throw my chocolate, stop that ball.
Ooh, got them at my mouth and stop them.
Got them at chocolate, stop that ball. They're fast full of vitamins and good for you.
Hey, wait a minute, what's going on?
It's not like something's burning.
Where I don't go for a minute, I'm not going to get mad, but I ain't going to.
Baby, better get back in the kitchen.
Cause I got a sneak in suspicion.
Oh man, baby.
Baby, you just burned my bow.
I got my bow on my fire.
I said it.
The bow on my fire.
Give it the bow.
Put the one over.
The bow on my fire.
Oh, my fingers.
I'm blowing the floor.
The juice is up there.
Ooh, got them at chocolate, stop that ball.
Put them in my mouth and stop them.
Tell my baby.
Got them at chocolate, stop that ball.
Put them at my mouth.
Throw it.
Oh, got them at my mouth.
Yeah, got them at my mouth.
I'm going to get them at my mouth.
Got them at my mouth.
That's 15 to 560 WDQN.
So anyway, we're going to do the new ranger show today, actually live and out on tape.
And I have a whole bunch of people on here that I can talk to.
The only problem is I can't hear them.
So I can't take any calls and I could see it and go, buh buh buh buh buh.
Like that, because I can't hear myself think.
Because our overhead isn't working, and I thought I told you a minute ago, nothing in here
works the way it's supposed to, the way it used to.
Before they decided to use this, it's like the guinea pig, while they were putting the big
bombs rush on.
Again, for the benefit of Greg Readon, his ego, so we could look good to everybody.
We wouldn't have to put the NFL people out there in the other building and see the toilet over there in
the turridenstery.
Here's just one more example of the QAM way, baby.
You can do it the right way or you can do it this way.
The absolute positive bush leg wrongest way that any idiot could think of in the world.
And like I said, you know, we're sitting here with, we've got those graphs in there that fat boy brought us
with the ratings on their show in many of the hours, double what we had the morning and afternoon drive put together.
And then some, I have what a half point to spare.
Not to mention all these spots on the log. Okay, kick in serious ass here in midday, in spite of this place.
But what do we get? Do we get even a minimal amount of input?
Do we get a minimal amount of assistance from engineering from the program director who goes up and down the elevator up and down?
Here he goes up and down. He's the up and down PD, baby.
Used to be he's over there or PD, but now he's just up and down the old shaft up and down it.
That's his thing. If you need me, I'll be upstairs need you for what?
What has this man done for us in the last 13 months and five days? Can you name one thing that he has done for us?
That he can facilitate that he can get done that he's involved in making sure that we put the pieces of this puzzle back together again after we had all these people
poaching around in here after we had big fat slabs slathering chicken livers and goose livers all over the guy in board and in every piece of equipment in there.
Nothing zip it. He do not just hey, you know, we don't understand. What's the problem?
We have no idea. I guess I guess what we ought to be doing is let's just go out on 441 and talk. They'll hear us.
We'll still be on here. We'll get to spots in. We'll just go out on a rodent talk.
No microphone, no studio, no equipment, no board. They just don't get it.
I mean, when I tell you that even the most basic elementary things that that have to do with broadcasting, this company doesn't get you.
You're laughing. You're like, I'm exaggerating.
I am here roofily today to tell you that I'm not exaggerating even a teeny weeny little bit. They just don't even get it.
They don't communicate. They don't get involved. They don't fix stuff that other people screw up and get broke.
And the bottom of the saddest part of it is they don't give a crap.
They don't care. Nothing you can say or do will shame them into changing in any way, shape, or form.
And what are they running about? We're about right now. They're worried about the ratings part. They're going to be throwing.
They're going to have a big party. Oh, yeah, they're going to have a big party to celebrate the ratings, which on this station, the only ratings we had that we're anything to talk about.
We're here in midday. Am I going to be there at that ratings party? And the other thing that they're going to have the party for is now to congratulate themselves on the great move into this new building.
And just what a great piece of work. This has been.
Seriously, you see sat there.
Quarter to 10. I felt better than I have in eight weeks. I was out of the woods. I didn't have the flush in the push.
I thought Jesus Christ, I went to see like a real doctor yesterday. I got off the Adelaide. Thanks to that lady, by the way, that called me weeks ago about the side effects of Adelaide. Thank you, sweetheart.
I think you may have been right. I think although there, you know, it doesn't get out of your system in one day.
We've been taking it for two years.
So evidently, there's just enough left in there for the stress of this place to like start the, you know, the old flush again.
I'm flushing it. Yeah.
Who is that? Who is that standing in the door? I can't hear you. Anyone who was it?
What?
Doing what?
He has my bonus check. Oh, well, isn't that great?
Like I said, Duff always comes to force.
Well, what are you going to have in the body? Isn't that what I just said a minute ago? Yeah, I said that.
That God, Jack asked with a bad haircut. He always comes through for us.
Look, that's supposed to compensate for this, you know? I mean, we see they don't understand. It's not every time they do something that they're contractually bonded with.
Like the day that he finally brought you the bonus check, regweed months after you were screaming and yelling, we had to make a joke out of it.
And then they paid me money that was past due for like three months of my attorney and I had forgotten about it.
And it was like, gee, you want grateful bastards? Why don't you kiss our ass now? We're actually paying you money that we owe you.
I don't, I don't get it. I don't understand it. Do you get it? No. I don't know if you're standing.
We're paying you money that we owe you. You should be, you know, and it's only like a day late and you weren't here yesterday anyway.
We probably would have had it for yesterday.
It's just unbelievable, just astonishing.
And he's standing in there with a smile on his waist like this is there's something I'm using here. This is not amusing. This is pathetic. I don't care if the check is got like seven numbers and yes.
Then I'd be excited. That check isn't going to change my life. Okay, I'll take it and ain't going to change my life.
And it would be hell of a lot more by the way. If the other day parts were pulling her goddamn dead big fat weight, not to mention a names.
Because that's costing all of us money too, but nevertheless, like I said, let's have a ratings party. Let's celebrate.
Let's have a big party to celebrate this tremendous move that can make Greg Reed feel like a real big shot with the NFL people.
Even when we walk around looking like he just caught out of the sack, bumpy and lumpy.
We need even a worse Roman haircut than our program director that Faggy Roman haircut, you know that Luis Miguel had for about two minutes.
You know, after he did that haircut, that's when he started running around with all these chicks putting on this big act.
He got married to six times in the last two months of Luis Miguel and he's still ain't fooling nobody.
Is he? No. No.
But you know, I'm just sitting here in a vacuum. I feel like I just want to sit on the floor and just stare off of the space.
Okay, so let me just since I wasn't here yesterday.
Sean Burke went out game on Wednesday night and didn't mention that the panthers pounded at least five to two, although they didn't really pound him.
It was four two and the empty net goal. And it really should only been three two because of the one goal at the, you know, but we don't complain.
Like I said, the panthers needed to game more than leaves. Pavel Buries kicking ass.
But Sean Burke again played just unconscious. Least didn't look bad, but I want to tell you how dumb some of the people are in that arena.
If you stand around and listen to the conversation, then you know that we don't have any hockey fans.
I went out to take a leak in the middle of the second period.
I come back and of course the action's going on. So even though my seat is very close to the step and I could slip down there,
I, you know, don't want to piss off the Escher. I stand there waiting until there's a stoppage to play.
Well, there was no stoppage for like four minutes. It was just wild action.
Most of it in the Panther run and the Leafs are shooting and Sundine's got three or four chances. And Burke is playing unbelievable.
He's making great save after safe and two assholes are standing behind me and one guy's going, oh, that Burke is killing us.
So did you see that game against Dallas, those greasy goals he lended in the meantime. He's making saves that haven't been invented yet.
Then the game is almost over. Layton the third period. Well, we're still there. It's four one panthers at this point.
And a guy who sits in our section, which I don't know this guy's name, but he's always there who I thought might have some clue about something,
but I shouldn't know him better. He gets up and he's got a big smile on his face. He's walking out. He says to me, gee, I guess the Maple Leafs are what they used to be, honey.
And I thought to myself, he's an asshole. They aren't what they used to be out because I think, yeah, thank God they're not what they used to be. They got like a real team this year.
Oh, but they played a bad game again. So I guess they're not whatever that means. Another typical comment you'd hear the Macarena. And by the way, slowly but surely, I see on the news last night, I'm at the track channel serving and I get on the news channel.
And here's a story about they they're showing the cups, the cup holders on the seats in the Macarena in the upper bowl only by the way. Don't get your hopes up if you sit in the lower bowl like I do.
And the upper bowl they're taking away the cup holders because the seats are too narrow and too and because they've had too many complaints.
Now there were seven goal scored in that game on Wednesday. Six of them down if they shoot twice in. Of course you could see the one in the empty net by Neetermarth Ian. Yes, that we could see. Six goal scored down there. Did the red light go on that we could see for any of them? No. No.
Are they ever going to fix that? No, they just don't care like I said. But slowly but very surely since it's now into the second half of the season, some of the people in the upper bowl. I guess some of the ones that sit in those like see those baby seats for people with a very tiny back down there.
Yeah. They're finally taking the cup holders away because it's just too congested and too small and we've got to squeeze as many bodies as he possibly can in there. You don't understand that.
I don't know. So there's no point in putting these people on hold out. You know, again, we've lost that we had 80 million callers on there and George tells me to phone rang off the orchestra today during the tape, which I find astonishing. What was that?
I can hear you. You think you think I can't hear you through the glass. If you shout.
I don't know. You don't agree about what? No. I'm sitting here doing a four hour monologue because I choose to do that. We have no overhead. The calls we hear the callers in this studio on the overhead speaker. That's the point boys and girls. I can't take any calls because I can't hear the callers and we can't use headsets in this board because they don't work. We don't have any that are compatible. We've tried 80 million times or whatever the problem is. It doesn't work.
I have to say that. I have to say that. I want to at least have the people with a little tiny speaker that they used to. This happens several times while they were here.
In this thing would go out, which of course has never been fixed properly and just keeps going out over and over again because it's the easily read way with the cheapest crap that money can buy not to put like a real studio and here with real stuff that works permanently.
makeshift horse ball crap but we don't have that little speaker anymore we
don't even have a makeshift little speaker that we could hook up so that I can
have like a temporary overhead just as a backup just in case we have another
situation like today so the technical amazement and embarrassment continues
what's up with that check did he walk out of there whether he left it there
he was holding it like he would like he wanted part of it or something yes
snippet smell it yeah smell that by the way wait till you who they hired in
this place oh and also we have a pump at a park spot on here talk about in
it last night fat rich and I were at the track we do have a spot later so I
guess I'll mention the fact that they're open for simul casting Sunday after
noon now I'll mention that later and they also have that big hundred and
twenty five thousand dollars on February 27th featuring red bow tie do I have any
information on that by the way no no no but I just happened to see their last
night and since they're my close personal friends there at Pompano Park I
thought I'd mention that since they're my longest standing sponsor but they
refuse to give us any information and by the way thanks very much Ted
now for having all the windows on our end and clothes last night no bedding
windows at all on our end in the clubhouse on the sixth floor so you had a
you know fat rich is limping around like you know on a bad knee just it's just
amazing the way things are done in this town it's the Florida Fingway at
doing business I've been telling you that for a long time it's like hey you
know why don't you just dummy up we don't care we're not trying to succeed we're
just fumbling our way through that's the way it's done in Florida mister you've
been here a hundred years and you still haven't learned ten twenty eight is five
sixty wq way immuno
you love to miss Fraser on tears you cherish them it's
a pleasure on Fraser now 17 time any winning and 38 time Betty Ford
residing Kelsey grammar is delving into uncharted territory with Kelsey
grammar things very white you don't mind my saying so I feel that your love
far exceeds that which I can get enough of or so is not to conclude by
thought with the position as it were oh your love I cannot get enough not
since William Shanders Lucy in the sky with diamonds and Pat Boone's 2D
fruity has there been such a torrid juxtaposition of an Anglo-oriented song
stylist interpreting otherwise enjoyable soulful melodic renderings pardon me
man but when would be a convenient time for you and I to get it on oh yeah my
mojo is working please I think it is plus if you act now we'll throw in at
some additional charge a free bonus track of Mr. Grammar's stirring rendition of
his case what you have to be privy to the knowledge of who that African
American tech to use for whom many of the young ladies have amorous feelings oh
yeah you're done so get Kelsey grammar things very white he makes very white
very white oh I really got my book a little work now mama watch me work
1335 50 WQM your dead station put the 90s and realize the engineers
whatever we got is overworked in their here late at night and they're
posky round upstairs because Gregory was in a big bum's rushery for this but
like I said before in the meantime what do we get down here anything no nothing
zero zipity doda nothing like we don't exist like let's just hope for let's
cross our fingers hope for the best and hope that all the stuff that they undid
down there during last a week and a half hope that I'll just you know hold it
together get out the Scotch tape get out the lapages glue get out the crazy
glue mama and just to hope it all kind of holds together and we could put on
some facts similarly of a radio show or a radio station here just just
unbelievable it's unspeakable here it is it's 1035 have we seen a hide in her
here of an engineer yet no I got my bonus check in my pocket there you go
it's all there it's all there because it's all from the 10 to from a
this show is what it all is
yeah you follow my drift which by the way speaking attend to two fat boy brought
me more demographics 25 to 30 or 25 to 44 men see if you look if you look
hard enough you find a story I've told you that for years if you take a rating
book even stations that barely around a year they'll find a story old lepers
you know old lechers men 25 to 44 Hispanic number one 10 to two let's go how
do you like that now 18 to 24 they hit me like poison and of course I don't
believe that they just won't put it down we're number 10 many 18 to 24
Hispanic very weak and then you look through and let's see men what was the other
one 25 to 34 which is a good demo we number three so we're kicking ass we still
got all those picks out there but if you look at men 50 plus according to
arbitraron we are tied with about 10 other stations with a
we have none we don't have one Spanish let's see it's a Spanish Hispanic
original descent we don't have one over the age of 50 listening to the show
according to arbitraron they couldn't find one there wasn't one diary of one old male
spick who listen to the show or admitted that they did it so the younger they are
and the older they are in between like 25 and 50 were in good shape but the real
young and then the real of course the old ones are busy you know down at domino
park what are they listening to number one by a mile radio man be no
speaking lace to help them put a lot of crap nonstop
they must bring in it's like the old farts you know like the old farts and cemetery village
just when you think you know after enough years you've survived this town for enough years
and maybe most of them have died off by now they bring in bus loads they bring in crap loads of
men to replace the ones that died off never changes
so anyway this Kevin Kitchens thing horrible story 39 years old
and you were telling me that and of course we can't have a conversation about this because
I don't want to have a conversation screaming through the thin wall the paper thin walls in
a window but evidently he had heart problems went for a stress test and when he went home after
the stress test is when he started having all kinds of problems he was supposed to go for an
angel plant plastic yesterday morning didn't make it dead but at any rate the stress test I just
want to give you I don't I don't want to interfere with people's medical stuff okay especially after
this problem I've had for eight weeks but I do want to tell you this the stress test when they
we go for the stress test all these cardiologists who love that stuff which cost an arm and a leg
by the way if you don't have medical insurance you go for the stress test one of the this
claimers they make you sign as a paper that says one of the side effects is sudden death
and I'll never forget because I went to that Israeli pill doctor the guy the cardiologist that
was taking the EKG every time I had a time I farted and wasn't the right flavor he had to be
taken another EKG which built up the bill real nice and plus he was hoping hoping to find something
because that that be especially but that stress test what they basically do is they put you
on a treadmill and you're like coughing and puffing and they got the wall come on you can do a
little longer a little longer and then sometimes it's all you said one of the side effects is
possible sudden death from the stress test in fact you know something I like in working at WQM I
like it work I like it working for this company to taking a non-stop stress test like an endurance
contest how many barriers can we place in front of you and how much stress can we inflict before
you finally just crack before you just the cave in and it's amazing how I just just 15 minutes I
went from feeling like I had gained 20 years on my life to feel like I had just lost it back and
then maybe another fiber 10 I see our engineers in the building that's a good sign now what's going
to happen now what's going to happen next look I can yeah right up up Georgia's Georgia's doing
Marcel Marcel he's doing pantomime in it up up up up up up up up up up up because I can't hear him
okay let's take a break and continue rolling along singing the song is the embarrassment never
stops here at 560 WQM like I've told you before Virginia we got no competition we got a free ride
we got clear sailing out there on the AM band nobody else in English has got a number that you can
even check your thing out and we still just can't get it right because they want to do everything
the the easily greed way man cheap cheap cheap cheap but they found money somewhere to hire that
thing upstairs huh the thing do you know which one the thing you told me about this morning I'm
not a fat boy is class compared to that and by the way speaking of fat boy Jeff why he was
into this morning and I'm going to tell you oh I just heard steps and I heard
and I knew it was him in the hall and I can't I can just barely even hear that but that was him
I guess they must have had a meeting and they must have said you know there's a lot of bizarre
people out there let's go out and hire oh sorry like I said a lot of bizarre people let's go higher
all of these things right and they are I mean this latest addition to our staff which they can't
afford you know real equipment they can't you know make the commitment to really get a more
engineers in here so these guys aren't working 28 hours a day but somewhere along the line they
have money to go out and hire all of these things that they find on the street people you wouldn't
even let near your home forget about letting them into your home you if they were like within a
two block radius you'd be calling the police the FBI the secret service the White House
you'd be calling what's a John Walsh on America's most wanted what what are you laughing about I'm
serious hey we just hired a new one assistant for the water Nazi you know something I think that's
a good match though I think they'll get along swimmingly 21 before 11 at 5.50 WQM if you
know
build the cars and Monica's the China all right
you let's go when he makes it we go Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind
but a cigar and her vagina she's all mine
well he don't know where a stove he goes I can see how there was some confusion between
humor door and unit horse and then I can saw the term Cedar Box means saw her naked
stars reportedly to go in blind
now listen he was working hard late nights in the overy office working on a practical joke
he took a massive noodle for an exploding loading for Monica was blowing rings the smoke
builds the cars and Monica's the China she let's start a gig go every time he makes it we go
Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind but a cigar and her vagina she's all mine
all people feel that Hillary's been made a fool of by a husband feel that Hillary was wrong
and
up in the leaking bedroom she was morning morning how
gold was doing her with bill's old bomb
bill's the cars and Monica's the China
she let's start a gig go every trigger time he makes it we go Monica is not the
you can do in the behind but a cigar and her vagina she's all mine
well candy is that yeah the master is master oh yeah
what you gotta do is take a tip of reload
oh yeah
head 45 at the home of unbelievable and emptiness that just continues now I saw the
engineering there about what seven minutes ago what seven eight minutes ago now is this
going to be some kind of a project that there are their jury rigging is the uh
Jerry rigging uh Jimmy rigging a thing with the headphones see I've never there's another thing
to I've never seen a piece of equipment I mean ranted there are there are some headphones that
don't match you know certain piece of equipment but generally speaking in radio you can take a
headset and you plug it into the phone jack and all of a sudden you can hear what's going on
can you do that here no how is that possible how is it probably tried every kind of headset that
ever has been invented plugging them into this headphone jack here has any one of them ever worked
I mean can you hear anything no so now now what do they do do they set out to Kenya
I think that's our poll question for today what's going to happen first will they disconnect
the life support from King Hussein or will we get the headset down here that I'm
supposed to be able to hear stuff so that we can actually take calls and do a radio show I mean
we're all to kill the first hour I mean butchered and destroyed it devastated it not that these people
care of course seriously how big of a project is that what is it in tail what is it we're going
to have a head a headphone that plugs into the board in there with a long cord and then they're
going to schlep a headset in here while they're trying to figure out the other problem with the overhead
now why is it that the headset will work in that board but it doesn't work in this jack
they're common at why doesn't it work in this jack oh it's voodoo magic yeah
maybe sunny fox brought it over from just that regular old magic the voodoo magic
because it's now like 13 before 11 o'clock this this this is like when Hank was out there at the
you know when they were trying to give him a heart attack out at the NFL experience at the
near death experience when they had a rush into the hospital and when they were shoving it out of
there on a gurney yeah that's what this you know I'm reading about all these other people dying now
our good friend Murray from my narrows he's dead Kevin Kitchens 39 years old from EAT he's dead
King Hosey and then he meant it now he's going to be dead we're not talking about old old people we're
talking about you know living and breathing people dead and these people are like this is their
area of expertise is like putting you in your grave or the next best thing to it and god of
it's gone Greg you really know how to do it how many times have I told you this so you're you just
you're just in denial you're just in denial I've tried telling you a million times about certain
I got everybody in this building pegged with science right down to a science
I've never I've been in this business 6,274 years I've never worked anywhere anywhere where I've
had so many people that why won't talk to them they won't talk to me because they're just too
many people that don't belong in here too many people are not even like even real people
how is it working the headset or not oh it is working the way you look there for just a second
I thought oh boy oh boy they plugged it into the keep in mind folks okay the the board is in the
other room we have a headset with a long coronal extension on it and we haven't plugged into the
board in the other room which now we're going to pass it by boopers in around the corner and
through the hall and down to Rosemary's house well that was the idea trying to get even oh look
at that guess what it cuts in and out but I guess if I just don't move it it'll be just fine
there you go you have any idea what this sounds like no no no don't turn it up I don't do
anything with it because if it's any like it sounds like crap but hey now we can take some
calls okay let's go seriously I sound like about like some kind of a two-year-old retard like
that guy that they hired up stairs that creature the new creature in a building seriously I want
let me just give you a little piece of advice okay if you are desperate for a job and you look
like you just called out of us out of a dumpster if you look like the most desperate creature on
the face of the earth that not only couldn't get hired anywhere but that nobody would ever speak to
come over here they'll hire you in two seconds you're hired and you might actually get paid
before anybody else because they like that they gravitate toward it five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line I mean all the while that we've in here these monitor
levels the overhead level it's like they're either almost off or they're like blasting and it's
like air be everything in here they say in China is ungapatsky and now look at look at all
the calls we had under before now ten before eleven o'clock I give the numbers out and I got two
calls on there because we're dead in the water the show has been butchered murdered somebody ought
to be in jail somebody ought to be getting ready to go on death row for what's happened to show today
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line here's a mobile in Miami hello
Yale yes sir how you doing buddy great I got a pretty cool story that I know what he's
I don't know how true it is but I'll tell you anyways his cousin pulled around with Monica
Lewinsky like five years ago he told me that they he got her naked whatever they were you know
phone around and he told me to stench once once you got naked yeah no it wasn't it was Josh
Friedman you confused okay you're confused here's Boca hello Boca yeah Neil yes sir you're a
home now we actually sat down here at a whole bunch of people waiting there to talk at ten o'clock
and that's uh that's our medley of our call today they got nothing to talk about anything five six
and of course they're all not there anyway now they're all gone hey Neil just go out here and make
magic okay just to do a radio show we're not gonna give anything to do it we're just going
here and make magic perform a miracle for us one call on the board and we've got to talk to
anybody is anybody still listening is anybody that called at the beginning of the show still have
anything they want to talk about here today or not as the case may be let's find out right now
because at 11 o'clock I can't already be on a on in the car on the way down to the Hershey highway
five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the mobile one line Jesus Joseph and Saul
just when you think you're out of the god damn woods they put you back in that's right they just
reach right out and they grab you back in here's a mobile in Hollywood hello
mobile in Hollywood okay nice talking to you too
Carl Gables hello and Neil yes sir how's it going great um I have a quiet I have a I heard a story about
a pre-stole I think Brendan yeah great good I'm happy for you five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the mobile one line here's a mobile in water what does that say water kill
hello how about those panthers huh yeah I didn't see anything for the maple leaves that night
you must not have watched the game well did they play the night before yes I don't know I don't know
what does that mean you didn't see how about all those saves that brook had they were all over him
like stink on crap what kind of game were you watching sir he played a spectacular game you know
nothing about it then okay get a life he didn't see anything from the maple leaves again another
jack as you get you know here's a choo choo train coming right through his living room I don't see it
you know that's the kind of guy this is he don't hear it he don't see it he don't smell it
maybe Josh Friedman could get invited to his house here's a lady mobile in bokeh hello
hello yes ma'am how are you doing today just wonderful not today why does everybody call
them star by saying how are you doing today I mean if you're listening do you have any question
in your mind how I'm doing no not at all I just you know I've got to start off with my
cases uh-huh um listen yesterday like this is learning to do with sports or the president or
anything but yesterday I wrote my sister yesterday I got at the farm and I've been writing for
14 years of the same chamber and her husband happens to bring up um radio and blah blah and I
I mentioned your name and she had said I heard dad whose terrible hunger had operated on you a
while ago what I'm fine I herald hunger yeah yeah operate on you I decided the god of the
so I just thought it was funny cuz like I I've been with him forever and then like he's like my
second grandfather so yeah I just brought up your name and that's a few cents I was like oh keep
him away from me okay have a great day sweetheart whatever you say oh my god open line in
broard 56705 60 pound 560 on a mobile one line real tinny pair of headphone must these must
be from a came art I don't know they you they wouldn't tell anything this cheaper came art this must
be mail order from uh support your pan here's a mobile in for a lot of day hello mobile in for a
lot of day north Miami hello why don't you retire it get off to yeah why don't you retire okay
here's another guy that's what's the thing he's put up with this whole hour of incompetence in
lunacy why don't you retire get off the air because then you'd have nothing to do sir then you
wouldn't have a god damn thing to do in your pathetic meaningless life that's the only reason I come
in every day is just because I know that if I did retire and get off the air that you would have
nothing to do open line in date 56705 60 pound 560 on a mobile one line this is good
here's a mobile in for a lot of day hello hi great I'm doing great listen I'm from New York and I
just want to tell you I'm down here and you have a fabulous show yeah and uh it's wondering is
there any way of hearing it up there no on the on the audio on the audio nut you can hear if you
got a pewter okay I mean it's fantastic and also that song that James Taylor uh sound like who
is that James Taylor junior anyway getting a copy is it for sale no well it's a fantastic song
I almost had an accident there was so funny excellent okay I have a great time pal thank you
once they hear too long you'll hate it okay okay two open lines in date 56705 60 pound 560
on our mobile one line pen 56 at Q a n but Neil Roger show now on 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale
it's Friday you bastard
Laura Adams
six
I want you down on your knees.
Father, don't let your smile disappear.
You're one I wonder for my love of you.
I will never forget.
Where's your face?
I don't use that no more.
I'm still not a day down on your knees.
He has been down on my knees.
He was the catch of the tree.
Who said the Lord would he fleece since I get down on my knees?
Oh right.
11-11 at 5.50 W.
There you go.
We can hear things.
Of course, I came in here with his band-aids,
with a little tool kit, with a little tool,
and put it all together for us.
But that's a...
Oh man.
Hey, I want to thank Rick Carl from Ascension Photo.
I don't even know why I want to thank him,
although it was a nice gesture on his part.
Who sent me a big bunch of these aerial photographs of the Macarena.
I mean, thanks for the pictures, Rick,
with a nice letter associated with it.
You know, really, it's too bad that they're crappy and not good quality,
but nevertheless, here you are.
Pictures of the Macarena, which from the outside and from far away,
looks pretty, you know, not too bad.
Looks like a big building in the middle of a cow pasture.
And inside, it looks beautiful.
It looks spacious, it's fantastic.
But of course, again, not too many things work.
And like I said, finally they're starting to take in the cup holders away on the upper bowl,
because I guess a lot of people banged up their knees,
and his fat rich nose, you don't want to bang up your knee,
because it could wind up at a big fat lawsuit.
Here's a mobile and color rage.
Hello?
Good morning, Mr.
Yes, yes, yes, to the eye,
caught the tail end of a conversation you were having with the gentleman before.
I wasn't having any conversation, sir.
Yesterday, she was on tape.
I was at the doctor getting my life's strain,
that's why I really wouldn't know what you were talking about.
Well, can I tell you?
Sure.
You haven't some discomfort with your heel,
and you went to a podiatry.
That's last year's ailment.
That's long gone.
Oh, I'm sorry to trouble you,
because I had the same thing,
and I ended up going to a vascular surgeon,
they solved the problem.
Oh, I didn't go to any surgeon,
and it solved itself.
It took 10 months in, it's long gone.
I'm happy for you.
Just stay away from proctologists who want to give you magnets for your shoes.
Have a nice day.
And back to you, sir.
Yeah, that was last year's ailment.
Now we got this year's, which I thought was like all done with the Adelaide lady
and the doctor over there at the Cleveland Clinic.
So you just want to have a thought, right, you're right.
See, the doctor that you think is great is the last one you went to.
That's always the doctor you think,
or the veterinarian you think is great,
was the last one you took your dog to,
and then you wait a few days,
and then before you rush in a preliminary judgements,
let's wait and see how this flies.
Because I sat here this morning and man,
there was no flush in my face,
and there was the rash on my neck was going away.
I don't have the headaches behind the eyes.
I woke up yesterday morning feeling like crap.
And I called George, and I said,
I will not be in it today.
I'm going to go find like a real doctor.
If it's the last damn thing I have to do.
And then I came in here and all of a sudden that's stress factor.
I guess maybe somebody knows how long before a drug like that gets out of your system.
A prescription drug.
It's got to be in there for days, isn't it?
Wouldn't you think?
Especially after you've been,
first of all it's time release.
And number two, I've been taking it for two years.
So what do you think about six, seven years before that gets out of your system?
Here's a mobile and four-letter deal.
Hello.
Dale.
Yes sir.
I did listen into your show and Hank and the worst team lately.
And this whole thing about Eugene Robinson,
I know you've passed it out.
Let people keep calling in,
and I don't mean to be racist,
but these African-Americans are living here in South Korea.
No such thing as African-Americans are these black people, yes?
They keep calling and defending the guy.
Why?
Because he's black?
Basically, yeah.
You know, it's like someone called up yesterday on Hank's show
and talked about Doug Williams and said,
Doug Williams should be a Hall of Fame.
For what?
I mean, what did he ever do?
Who cares about what does that have to do with Eugene Robinson?
Well, it's just, it's...
Doug Williams should be in a Hall of Fame because he didn't pick up a hooker on this game.
Boulevard, maybe that's it.
Well, and they...
Maybe they should have a separate division for Jax,
who never picked up a hooker on this game.
Boulevard will have a separate division of the Hall of Fame.
Well, they had this other black guy called in this morning,
and he got on Fuzzy's L.R.
You know, and so you have a bad memory.
Don't you remember that during the OJ thing?
And we still have...
If I were to ask right now,
we still have a whole bunch.
We had a woman call last week in Coherent,
giving me a song of dance about how everybody knows OJ didn't do it and so on.
It was racist and then all this other bull crap.
Right.
You have a segment of the black community,
just like any other ethnic group,
their people can do no wrong.
It's always a frame up.
It's always racism.
It's always bigotry.
So why even deal with those people?
Why even dignify them?
I guess you're right.
You know, just it's frustrating to sit here.
I wouldn't waste my time with that.
I mean, you know, I'm on the way to the doctor yesterday.
I turn on the radio.
In the first caller, they're talking to one of Morning Show
is Billy the Jetfan,
and I reached the one where I went,
click, and I saw my problem immediately.
Have a great day, pal.
All right.
Billy the Jetfan.
I mean, you talk about desperation.
Uh-huh.
But, you know, they're the experts, man,
when you got to head that big,
there must be a reason for it.
We have an open line,
a day one in Broward,
566705, 60,
pound 560 out of 18,
two wireless lines.
So the first hour today,
just, you know,
kind of cross it out of your life.
I have already done that with me.
Cross it out.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Now I know why you've got that countdown clock on your website.
I thought my company was bush-league.
How do they expect you to do a radio talk show
when you can't even get calls in?
Right.
I mean, anyway, there was one day Hank sitting out there at the stadium,
sick as a dog last week,
or they said the worst team out to keep the game.
I know, they were off the air like more than they were on here.
It was ridiculous.
See, when you've got all these technical problems,
the last thing in the world you want to do is send a lot of people
out to do outside remotes.
But don't confuse these people because they get a lot of money for that.
They don't care.
All they want to do is sell and sell and sell,
and if it comes on to your, it makes us all slob,
or makes people sick,
and makes Hank nearly have a heart attack,
and have to be worse in the hospital,
and makes me feel like I'm having a relapse before I had a chance
to even get better.
They don't care.
This company could, they're clueless.
All they know is just grind the money through there,
and let's fumble our way through,
and let's try to make the boss look good.
I'll tell you, there would be a lot of suction going on in that field.
I'm going to tell you,
there are more, I have never been in a building
where there are more naked pictures hidden away in doors.
I don't know who's, I know some of the people that have them.
I don't know where they're hidden,
but trust me when I tell you,
this building is loaded with naked pictures.
You better wear a heart attack,
because that building's going to implode.
Okay, have a great day.
Bye.
We have an open line in day one in Broward,
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and 0.5, 60 on our AT&T wireless line.
Here's a lady mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Okay.
How come you never talk about the Miami-Nadodores?
How come I never talk about them?
Because nobody is interested in them, including me.
Oh, you've got to go to them. They're great.
No, I will not be going to them any more than anybody else goes to them.
Okay, I'm not interested in going to see a minor league hockey team
when I have a national hockey league team that plays two minutes away from my house.
Well, if there are two minutes away from your house, that's one thing.
But for people in Miami, the Matadors are great teams of us.
Yeah.
You've got to go out there.
You just don't understand.
You can keep saying you've got to go out there.
It isn't going to happen.
People are not going to go to,
they're getting less than 1,000 people a game now.
I know.
There's no interest in hockey in this town.
Don't you understand that?
Well, hockey.
This is not a hockey town.
How can we change that?
You can't.
You can't.
Well, I'll tell you, there's a lot of people missing a great sport out there.
Yeah, well, I don't disagree with the on-app, but this is not a hockey town, sweetheart.
Even all these people that show up just like this guy that called me a few minutes ago
about he was at the game Wednesday night and he saw nothing from the Maple Leafs.
There was nothing.
Well, they played a good game.
It just that our goal-tending was great.
Sean, but played a great game.
But these people show up there.
They don't even know what they're seeing.
Like the guy that walks out in my section says to me,
oh, I guess the Leafs are what they're used to be.
Whatever that means.
Because they lost the game.
He wouldn't know what Maple Leaf is.
If it fell off a tree in his backyard.
Well, you're right.
We got a lot of fickle fans out there.
No, we don't have fickle fans.
We have dumb people who don't know who I don't know what they're interested in.
But believe me, hockey is not it.
Trust me.
It's very sad to me.
But believe me what I tell you, this is not a hockey town and it never will be.
Well, I think you are at least let people know that the Managers are out there.
Man, I have let them know.
I've given away tickets.
I've pushed it.
I've yanked it.
I've pulled it.
They're out there.
People call in.
They're 10 people.
I go to the games.
I wish the nothing but luck and they're good luck to you.
Pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa.
Yeah.
Trying to, trying to, trying to, trying to force feed a guy in the 500-pound bowling ball
through a two-inch hole.
There's just, there's no interest.
I say don't care.
There is absolutely positively no interest.
And like I told you a month ago when they started this disastrous experiment, it was never going
to fly.
It was doomed before it started.
It was doomed before the first game they ever played there.
Because the idea that this town would support a minor league hockey team.
Even if we didn't have the Panthers, even sitting at a side.
Is there any chance this town would support minor league hockey?
No.
Not a Chinaman's chance in Purgatory, baby.
Oh, yeah, that Perky's Kino.
You see all those horrible goals he let it to get down.
In the meantime, as these two assholes are talking to each other, he's out there standing
on his head.
He's making saves that unbelievable.
Sundin is out there shaking his head like what if I got to do the stick in the net.
He's playing out for like four minutes straight.
They don't get it.
They do not get it.
I'll say it again.
I've revised my figures.
Five percent of us who go to those games, we know the sport, we know the team, we know
what it's all about.
We're fans.
Five percent.
The other 95 percent are socializers.
They're posers.
They're people who got corporate tickets from somebody else.
Three percent of us who go.
It's a ten minutes after 11 and 5.
60 QM is your-
Fuck it in and hold it.
All about movement.
Now would be night.
All about movement.
Had too much rice on my toilet.
Where I belong would be paradise.
All about movement.
Finally begun.
I can't wait to empty my colon and he will come in here.
I hold your breath from this moment on.
I don't know exactly when this is done.
Maybe when I let you know that we're in the park.
I would just if heaven dies far too far to leave.
I did do this.
All about movement.
Now I'm in a rush.
I am finished.
I promise you this.
I can't wait to give it a flush.
It's over 15 at 5.60 WQM.
I think we learned something fascinating yesterday.
Maybe you learned it.
That is what I wasn't on here.
Most people were too stupid to realize it was a tape.
Everybody I talked to said the phones were ringing off the hook solid.
All six lines jamming all four hours.
It's like when Wami was on.
We used to give the numbers out.
People like engineers might be working in here at night.
Although I don't think it could have been engineers.
But maybe the mouse in the corner used to tell us about it.
They would put the numbers on the screen there and the phones would be smoking off the
hook.
Even though there were numbers for this radio station and it was a TV show that was taped
hours before or days before in some cases.
The phones were going off the hook.
When I'm actually hearing them to talk to people, it's like a whole other story.
Maybe we'll just play tapes every day and the phones will smoke.
We'll never answer them.
Maybe that's the problem.
The fear that we actually might answer them and put them on the ear.
Calling a tape, that's what they like.
There are two calls on the board.
5.607.05.60 and 5.60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Hello, Doc.
Yes?
I just want to agree with you about this lady trying to force feed the matador down.
We barely support the panther.
The only reason you got some people there, I just said to get corporate giveaways now.
We got a superstar.
But after people there just want to get like five beers at a time.
Which you know, they should just stay home and drink here.
They have no clue what's going on.
That's what I just told her.
I think I'm just repeating what I just said.
But I'm just saying she just, no matter what it is, it's always I need to say like that
lady a few months ago at the ice cream.
They just want to force feed something that you don't want to do.
You got to do this.
You got to do this.
I love when they said that, but you got to go.
I'm not going to go there.
One of us were counting, oh, there we go.
Okay, I have a great taste, sir.
What is that about all over again?
The levels on the phone.
I'm telling you, this studio needs a gigantic burium animal.
This is not going to fly.
I don't care about anybody else, but I'm not just going to come in here every guy at
the end of the sudden now because they decided to use this as a guinea pig place and then
play technical nightmare for four hours every day.
This is not acceptable and these people just don't get it.
This place needs to be gone through with a fine.
I don't care if we're going to be in here another week another month.
I don't know.
You keep asking them about what we're going to be upstairs in that other studio.
And of course, there are light years away from getting the big morning, the guy, the
other studio done.
They got people working out of there, but is it close to being done?
No.
Not a chance.
Not even close.
So as a result, we're going to be down here for some time, maybe in their spare time which
they don't have any or maybe they ought to like contract to bring somebody in from outside
and like to put this place back together again so we can actually do a show not have to spend
98% of our 99% of our attention on technical prep, which is boring and a two not in the
audience is sick and tired of hearing about and I'm sick and tired of dealing with.
Get with it already.
Get with it.
Let you jackass you geek.
And as far as who I'm talking about filling the blank could it be the general manager,
it would be the program director, it would be the engineering staff, there would be anybody
up there.
We're out of the loop.
Okay.
And now the excuses, well, you're all the way down there on the second floor and that elevator
is pretty slow.
What did I tell you?
Used to be a little over here in the building on Sheridan Street, you over there.
Now that they're here, has anything changed?
No.
No.
Here's a mobile and Jupiter.
Hello.
Neil God.
Yes sir.
I thought I'd call and give you an enemy update on the born again Christian movement going
on.
Neil have you heard of the Toronto blessing yet?
No.
Well you know about the whole charismatic movement going on for like 30 years, the whole
speaking in tongues and two jumping and all that stuff.
Yeah.
Well apparently about the ethnic.
This is not going to fly.
This overhand thing.
What's going on with it?
Why the level that's the overhead that's the wonderful getting their phone system that
we have, which I hate.
Well what do you mean by that?
This is not our first week on the air.
We've been doing this for 13 months here.
What's the impact that it has been but what?
It's the same problem but it's just much worse than it has been.
Why?
I don't know.
Okay go ahead sir.
Let's give it a shot.
That's all right.
Anyway, the charismatic movement Neil.
Apparently about a month ago on TVN there was some kind of a televangeless program going
on in Toronto and instead of speaking in tongues now they are speaking in the languages
of other animals.
You had a church full of people running around clucking like chicken and buying like sheep
and apparently this is the fine of the end times for the new millennium and it's pretty
cool actually because they've been acting like sheep for years and now they actually sound
like it.
So that's it Neil.
I just thought I'd give you an update.
Thanks for the good news.
I'll see you now.
And by the way.
Okay we have two open lines in day one in Broward.
5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Pompato Beach.
Hello Neil.
Yes sir.
I just had a call.
I heard some of these people talking about the Maple Leafs.
Don't they realize the Maple Leafs could have won that game.
They're almost through.
It wasn't for the gold pinning of the panthers.
That's what I wanted to do.
It was repeating what I just got you sang.
You were repeating just what I told them.
It's just I just had a call.
I wasn't.
No you didn't have to call me sir.
You didn't have to call.
What do you dignifying people that don't understand the game?
Why would you respond to them?
You're right.
Have it right there.
Open line in Broward to indeed 5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on the AT&T.
They wouldn't know Steve Sullivan from Gilbert and Sullivan.
These people that were in their Wednesday night.
Who by the way played a hell of a game and Steve he wasn't bad either.
Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
The sports page and then Pompato Beach.
They had a state and they had a cake and on the cake they had a couple of towns
of where he might be going and one of them was bowling green and they spelled it
B-O-W-E-L.
It's about bowling green.
What's wrong with that?
In fact if you ever had like a bad stomach a lot of us have had bowling green problems.
I thought you did a kick out of that.
Well thanks for the good news.
Yeah that's another thing.
See we ought to be talking about stuff people care about.
You know like which eight year old kid is going to be signing up with what school and
eventually going on the FSU or Florida or maybe to Hercune and something like that.
See now that I forgot about that but now that the Super Bowl is over most of the sports
and there's time on the station that's been addressing which local elementary school
did Joe Rose and the Donnie B hang out in and which kid which five year old kids got
the best arm and who did this one sign from Pawoki or bowling green etc.
I mean you talk about terminal baby.
Puking Ducing.
We have an open line in Broward to and Dave five six seven oh five sixty and
Palm five sixty on the 18th.
Yeah I'm sorry I wasn't here yesterday when everybody had lots of good stuff to talk about.
I wonder what it was.
Where's Neil?
Oh is that what all those calls were yesterday?
You know it.
Oh.
Even though I explained it at the beginning of the show.
Oh you did I didn't hear that obviously.
I was at the doctor thinking I was getting this magical you know and I'm wondering maybe
it was the Adelaide maybe it wasn't you know because I got the red push again
since we had all that stress but like I said maybe somebody will call and let us know
somebody that really knows how long before prescription drug gets out of your system.
I realize that would be asking an awful lot.
Here's more Gables hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Neil my girl going to Italy at the end of this month and I'm just wondering how how
are those Italians today?
Okay we have all lines open and Dave five six seven oh five sixty and Palm five sixty
on the 18th.
Why was line?
Here's a mobile and four lotterdale.
Hello.
Hello Neil.
Yes sir.
Yeah I've been listening to you for years man.
Listen.
Yes the guy called you a while ago.
He talked about African American.
Did that seem coming your mother's day?
Who are those people?
They are black people.
I think that's not right to say on the year.
You know you have a lot of African American listening to you.
Sure there is no such thing as African American.
There is no such thing.
Listen man if somebody goes to the road by bus to which I mean tell me how you're going
to fail.
What line would you are you speaking?
What are you saying?
I think what you're going to say on the year is right.
You know you have a lot of people listening to you.
We are all equal but I'm always what I am.
No such thing as an African sir.
Let me say it again.
Take a breath.
Let me say it again.
There is no such thing as an African American no matter how loud you scream.
I still have the button.
Okay you can talk a hell of a lot louder than you can.
What the hell does anybody have any idea what the hell he was talking about.
Oh.
There is no such thing as African American.
If you are dumb enough to get sucked into using that phrase because the white establishment
thought it was cute and clever and politically correct.
But you might guess we have white people we have black people we have Asian people and
all this other hyphenated bull crap like I told you before there is no such thing as an
African Canadian.
There is no such thing as an African Italian and it doesn't exist.
There is no such thing.
You didn't come from Africa.
Any more than I came from Russia or Poland or any other guy that I am placed at my ancestors
came from.
Hyphenated Americans baby and that is just categorize yourselves again.
If that is what makes you happy don't ask me no more about it.
Here is a mobile in Pemberpine.
Tello.
Meal.
Yes sir.
Thirty days.
Thirty days for drug to get out of your system.
Really?
Really.
For prescription drug to get out?
Any type of drug anything from anything that is above an aspirin or a Tylenol?
Oh my god.
Thirty days.
Thirty days.
Just like pot or coke or any of that sort of stuff.
Thirty days.
The only thing you can do is try to get lots of fluids and try flushing it out as a
phlegm.
Flushing it out.
Okay I am going to take it to diuretic so that should help flush it out right?
Yeah.
Lots of wawa.
Okay I am going to go pee right now.
Thank you.
Okay so in other words I am just bringing a bag in here.
Gord squirt?
Not even a bag just a big bucket.
You got a plastic waste bag.
I am just going to say something that rhymes with bucket and just bring a big bag in
here.
Just squirt squirt.
He in it all day.
Get it out and flush it out of my system.
When it out flush it out that is our model for the 90s baby.
When it out.
Ah!
Watch it out.
Thirty days.
Jesus Christ.
In other words there is just going to be a little all the way.
You know made tremendous progress.
I don't have all that pain behind my eyes and the headaches and I really thought like
you know you get a little bit anxious.
You want an instant miracle just like everybody else out there.
What?
Hello.
Mobile in Hollywood.
Yeah it is not 30 days.
It is 2 days.
It is what?
It is something that is metabolizing your system of 2 days.
2 days?
48 hours.
Excellent so just in time for the weekend I should be doing great.
Right.
Thanks.
Thank you.
Oh there you go.
Now I feel better.
Alright!
Let's have a goddamn party in our pants.
Okay?
2 days.
30 days.
That just sounded a little bit ridiculous you know.
26 after 11 and 5 60 WQM.
Pete's Friday you were scared.
Roll.
In that book I made it clear.
I like his walk and I like his hair.
I like that.
I am assuming we have books to a 6 pre game at 7 o'clock.
Panthers at the penguins big weekend.
The way penguins start and in Carolina with the Heracunes tomorrow which is a like life
and death game.
Wow.
Big gigantic fat enormously important game.
Here is a fact that it is I couldn't call it.
I had to tell you this.
Last night happened to see a new Ron Popeel in commercial which I have seen this by the
way.
Have you seen the one with the rotisserie oven?
For your chickens and ducks?
No.
Or do we get one?
It says they are cooking rib steak chicken and things with the metal wire basket and
closure for flat meat and fillet like fillets and hamburgers.
So we go to the salmon steaks and he says put the salmon in the basket.
Yeah.
Ron Popeel says put the salmon in the.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Nice going Ron.
And put the money in your pocket.
That Ron Popeel feel good guy.
He'll tell you it's a bunch of crap and it is a bunch of crap and you're buying it.
How about that?
My favorite though is the one where you could like dry your own weed and that's good.
The trays.
Yeah.
That's good.
The Ronco dry your own weed and seed tray thing.
That's what they call it.
The seed tray thing.
Also by the way the book fair while the God by Charles Templeton is available on Amazon
dot com which we already knew that but somebody facts.
And it says average customer review five stars the only problem is there's only one review.
So well I mean whoever made the review has to feel very important.
A reader from Victoria Canada January 2nd 1999 says as a person raises a Christian suffering
doubts about my faith this book was very insightful.
It confirmed a lot of what I believe in the office arguments are clearing compelling.
I liked it very much.
There you go.
Amazon dot com fair while the God by Charles Bradley Templeton which your nearly price list
prices 29.99 you get it for 20.99 on the internet.
You do realize that one of the reasons that all these internet stocks I don't want to start
stock market talk but one of the reasons that all those stocks are going through the roof
is because we do have this whole new marketplace that's developing and if you're going to be
like out of touch with reality you're going to miss out.
Because you're going to be buying and you're going to be selling you're going to be doing
like 80% of your life is going to be there on the internet.
Whether you like it or not.
Here's a mobile implantation hello.
Well deal.
Yes sir.
First let me see you do it all of a job.
Yeah under the circumstances right.
All right.
I just want to ask you this whole jury full though thing I haven't been listening to that
long have you talked to me have you talked about this at all.
Yes.
The fact that he said a white Jewish man.
Is he in the case right?
Well I mean what is there to say we know he's an anti-sem.
I would have big fat bulb of support.
How do you know he's a partisan a guy?
I come on not hearing about it that much.
I come to this not much of press on it.
And wouldn't the anti-Christ according to the Catholic religion be a black Jewish woman?
Yes.
Right.
Florence from all of it from Jefferson's.
Right.
Right.
I just want to know why we're not hearing any press about it because if you want to say it was a black man.
I think it's bad as bad as night.
Well this makes me sick now.
Okay.
Have a great day sir.
Make some sick.
I mean why are you surprised.
These people are anti-sem.
They're anti-everybody.
You're all going to burn in hell.
I mean this is not not a new revelation just that he was very clumsy in a way he said it and he tried to backpedal and backtrack.
But even though he said he doesn't you know he doesn't disavow what he said he just shouldn't have said it.
He still believes it.
That the anti-Christ is going to be some white Jewish guy who's got a radio show somewhere probably like in Seattle.
I think that Mike Seagull is probably the anti-Christ you know.
Here's a mobile in Miami hello.
Yeah, how are you doing?
Okay sir.
I was at the new air house the day watching the Panther game by North Bank Beach.
You were at what day the air house?
New one watching the Panther game.
They were playing a Panther game at the oil and TV.
Yeah, I think.
Yeah, I think.
We did this sports sports crash came out.
That some guy in Anchorage got arrested for cost checking and a minor league team.
You know anything?
Right.
Yeah, he went nuts.
He took a stick in the minor league and he attacked the guy.
He assaulted the other kid and they arrested him.
You have to watch your TV though.
You should be watching sports center around the clock.
They showed it six million times.
Yeah, I've been working too much.
All right, thanks.
Okay pal.
Yeah, you know, and of course a lot of the stick work that goes on in the NHL.
Not just the minor league.
They have no respect for each other.
They do all kinds of grotesque things like Paul Laws got high stick by Mike Johnson.
There was a referee didn't see that.
The worst officiated game in history.
Not that I'm using that as an excuse either way because they were bad all the way around.
Including when the net came off and they let Whitney and Burray go down the ice and score
that goal.
But hey, yeah, don't confuse Terry Greggson with a phase of 100 years old.
Give him a break.
We have an open line indeed five six seven oh five 60 and pound five 60 on the 18 T wireless
line.
Here's a mobile in Naples.
Hello.
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Listen, a couple things.
First of all, I agree with you totally.
There is no such thing African African American.
You're either African American, Canadian, Irish, whatever.
But you're not.
If you're black, you're black.
What's wrong with the word black?
If we want to label or identify people, what's wrong with black?
Well, obviously nothing because February is what?
Black history month.
African American history.
Right.
Very excellent point.
Very good.
And the second point is you were talking about the madadors.
We have a we have a East Coast hockey team over here.
The Florida Everblade.
They draw great crowds, but I got to agree with you if the panthers or team like that or
the lightning were in this area, there wouldn't be more than a thousand people at the games.
Do you want more than a thousand people at the lightning games right now?
That's very true.
Pretty close.
I'm not maybe three, four thousand is what they're really getting.
They're drawing they're drawing about five anywhere five to seven thousand a game over
here.
But it's like a thing.
But you're missing the point.
So you don't understand is this.
If we had no Florida panthers, if there was no NHL team here at all, minor league hockey
is never ever going to make it in this town.
And it's not a hockey town.
Right.
Absolutely.
Thanks, Dale.
Okay, have a great day.
So you're trying to compare over there on a West Coast where there are a lot of people
from the Midwest who are hockey fans, even in Tampa up until the team just totally disintegrated
which they never really been very good.
But they just finally said screw it.
We can't handle it.
I mean, they could beat 10 to one a couple nights ago by Washington.
Who now?
And if the lightning were playing here, would there be anybody going to those games here?
No.
Of course not.
Who would go to that swill, even the socializing after a while get pretty stale?
But this is just not and believe me, it pains me to say it.
But if you just hang around in that arena, that's what I should do instead of sitting
in my seat, I should just wander around and listen to the in-game conversations going
on from people who are sitting there and even the ones who are pretending to be watching
and they still haven't got any idea what they're seeing.
God is that first reading.
Just dumb dumb stupid comments.
I'm surprised they were, you know, not disappointed we got Pavel Burry, they want Peter
Wurrell back.
Two open lines in date, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
22 till noon at QAM.
Hey, you're looking at 10 inches.
As prosecutors for the fright, you're like a Nazi from the O-Serts' fright.
A flint in pain and you find anything like women who like it in these wings.
What's your problem, can he stop?
Don't you think you got too far?
Everybody thinks you are like Joseph McCarthy.
If you know that Joseph McCarthy was gay, the kind of life he can accept he'd ever
be.
He kept going, most by his side until he got fired when broken dies.
What's your problem, can he stop?
If you got Edward Tarot's gun, he would want to take you off like Joseph McCarthy.
Free free free free boy.
Free free free free boy.
It's on 43 at 5.60 WQM.
Here's a fact we found.
He says he just finished the call to the Panthers spoke with a guy named John.
He's still complaining about the shoot twice goal.
The excuse now is a bigger light would obstruct the view of the people in the lower bowl.
What about the people in the Panthers own lower bowl he asks?
Reply silence.
So I suggested why not use the same light but make it visible to all.
Reply, thank you for the call.
Click.
See they don't know how to do it.
See I thought that they just didn't give a crap.
They don't know how to do it.
They built a $200 million hockey arena and they don't know how to put up the goal light so
that everybody sitting in there can see it.
The only hockey arena in the world at any level, college, minor league, little league,
shini hockey, the only hockey venue in the universe where they can't figure out how to have the goal light and the green light so you can see it.
God.
Also speaking to people that can't figure it out, Sam the man, Sam our promotion man will be between noon and one of the pizza loft.
Ask me why.
I really don't know.
Over the pizza loft and baby just south of 595 in the university drive because I guess Jeff Cohen needs more publicity.
Nor for the QM Van will have tickets for the Royal Caribbean senior PGA tour at Crandon Park on Kiba's Game this weekend.
By the way, let me tell you how much I love golf.
Also for the Joe D'Amaggio Legends game and for Lauderdale Stadium benefit the Joe D'Amaggio Children's Hospital tickets for the coconut grove.
Show this weekend at the coconut grove convention center and the new I turn you along WQM T shirts between noon and one at the pizza loft and baby go buy and take a look at Sam and just laugh your ass off.
Say why you guys doing this and we'll say I don't know.
Got to do something.
Here's a lady in plantation hello.
Yes, man.
Hi Neil, this is when the closure of the Adelaide right to go off of it.
Right.
Okay, so I just called my pharmacist and he said that it could take it depends how long you've been on it if you bid on it.
Two years.
Okay, then he said the one you've been on at the longer takes to get out of your system.
Oh, because you're blood levels.
And especially because it's time release so it's right.
And he said it should only take the days it's not like you know two or three or whatever.
It's not going to be like a week or anything like that.
Oh, but the one you've been on at the longer takes to get out of use.
I got such a panic this morning when we had all this technical crap at 10 o'clock and I was sitting here feeling so great and this slush made a comeback.
Was it really bad when he came back or as bad as it was yesterday?
No.
No.
But it's still there.
But it's still there.
Well, I guess it's going to take time.
I just hope that's what it is.
Well, that's what my doctor says.
That's what he said.
I mean, if it turns out not to be, I mean, I just you know, going to go on by a shotgun.
Well, with me, it didn't take that long to get out of my system because I wasn't on it that long.
Well, how long did it take for the symptoms to go away?
Not that long.
Like a day or like a day and a day they were gone.
But I was only on it like, I was on a different medication than the same family and that did it to me after like four weeks.
And then I switched to the Adalat and it made my symptoms worse.
So they took me off those, that family of drugs completely.
So I just hope he's not to be on another one that's the same thing.
But I don't think so.
No.
I feel no better.
Okay, thanks a lot.
Well, hope you feel better.
Appreciate it.
Okay, bye-bye.
Okay, we have one call off to the board and then we go to some really great music.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and 0.5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in a mockery.
Hello.
Danielle, here's a mobile in a mockery.
We're playing in the O.K.A.R.L. Caribbean Classic this weekend.
I got more people watching me play, meeting each other and we'll be watching them play real golf.
If you go out to the TV office, T-Po and West Palm Beach last week was a ghost town.
Nobody watching golf.
This is not even a golf town.
We got to work.
Thank God for that.
What else should they be watching golf?
What kind of a no-life person watches golf?
Ladies golf.
Please, they've been over here.
Go watch something.
Yeah, if you like bull-dike butt, yeah.
Hey, how about Tim McCarve?
I'm getting fired by the New York myth.
The guy can't even tell you what's on his mind.
They don't have a house.
Great.
They want-
He's still on Fox because Fox rhymes with Fox.
Fox rhymes with Fox and have a great day and get a new phone.
Now I can't hear them very much.
We have an open line in Broward All 3 and Dave.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Palm 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile-in-for-law to deal.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, well, about the light in the hockey.
I mean, it's the puck goes in the net when you need a life for.
Well, let me ask you something, sir.
Can you always see that?
Does the puck went over the red line?
Are there situations where you can't see that?
No.
I mean, if the puck goes in the net-
There is a never-a-situation where you can't see the puck go in the net.
No, if you're a true fan, you're watching the puck the whole time.
If you're a true fan, if you're sitting like maybe 150 yards away from the goal,
you can see what if they even if you can't see the goal light.
How about you?
I'm sitting way down at the shoot once in,
and they can't see the goal light in the lower bowl.
How about them?
Well, how about you watching TV on the big school board?
Yeah, and what if the TV doesn't have it up there in addition to which you can't always see it go on on TV?
Jack asked, here's a-
Here you go.
This was the best.
This was the best.
Here's a guy who wants to get an argument with me.
Arguing in favor of the fact that they've got it screwed up over there, okay?
They spent $200 million of public funds.
And this guy's trying to tell me if you're a fan,
you can see the puck going in there.
And usually you can, if you're sitting in the right place, like I am,
but there's sometimes when you can't.
Sometimes it's very, very close when a puck just trickles over the line
or it's behind the goal, and you can't see.
Is the on it, is it behind them?
That's called really putting on a professional sporting event.
I mean, the idea that there's anybody in this town who would justify this makes my case.
I have to say nothing else about what a bogus sports town this is.
Yeah, why the hell should you just be able to see the goal like, go on, huh?
You're asking for too much, man.
You're just making trouble.
And by the way, give Wayne a kiss good night tonight, okay?
Oh, it's speaking of Wayne.
I had the big news of the week I haven't even told us because it was out yesterday.
I don't want to say these are rumors.
These are more than rumors, but you know,
that whole thing two weeks ago with Jimmy Johnson and the press conference
and all that crap we went through, the real story that's circulating around town is very heavily.
And we had a couple people called in and speculated this and it looks like they were right.
That Jimmy Johnson went to Wayne and said, I want they've launched that and Wayne said, no.
And they got into a heated discussion about that and Wayne still said, no.
And Jimmy, you're through a SNED and got a hold of the media people and planted the whole deal and orchestrated this whole thing.
So naturally, it had to be resolved in a way where Wayne looked like the hero by saving the, you know, he brings in Dave Wants that and Jimmy's, you know, we want him to stay and he saved the franchise.
But in the meantime, what the stories are saying is that the quality is mattered and hell it's Jimmy Johnson.
Because he used this as leverage to force him to bring in Dave Wants that which Wayne had originally said, no.
And this isn't just a rumor.
This is, that's the MS.
So like I've told you so many times before, just like when Shula got canned, you know, they had a, they had a present in such a way because it would have been very insulting and it wouldn't have been acceptable in this time to say we can't as asked.
Two open lines in Dave, five six seven, oh five, 60 pound, five, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's Jupiter. Hello.
As Henry High would say, put the motion in the basket. Yeah, okay.
Open line of Broward to and Dave five six seven, oh five, 60 and pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Using material from three weeks ago. Very good. Here's Bokeh. Hello.
Hi, Neil. How are you doing? What did Jimmy Johnson done? I mean, are we any better off than we were three years ago?
I don't want to discuss Jimmy Johnson. I'm just telling you what the real story is because the other people are giving you a song at the end.
The other thing, the other is any truth to the rumor that QA will be broadcasting hurricane games effective next year or the year after.
Supposedly. All right. Well, it's hoping to bring Sonny Hershback. Dave Lamont, I heard him the other night in radio.
Well, now why would you say let's hope they bring Sonny Hershback? Do you want Dave Lamont?
I know Dave Lamont is a screamer. I don't we don't want Dave Lamont. What's wrong with bringing on like people are really a professional sportscaster?
I think that's just the good chance.
I think that's the good chance. Dave Lamont wants to do some basketball. Understand who Dave Lamont is great.
Why doesn't it have to be the same old retread people? I mean, you know, Sonny's not a bad guy, but Sonny's certainly not a great sportscaster.
Well, he's a little better than Ken Walden. I mean, guys have like Pat Somerol sometimes watching names.
Ken Walden's not doing the games. What are you talking about?
So, my name is updates. You bring it from first.
Ken Walden is great. Ken Walden, you're not Ken Walden. Sir, you're off the show.
You have to step over my body and not Ken Walden is a great guy.
The fact he's 110 years old, he can't help that. We're all getting old.
We have an open line today. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and 0.5, 60 on the AT&T line.
But this guy wants Sonny. He wants Sonny back on the ball again.
Here's a mobile and four-letter deal. Hello?
Neil. Yes, sir.
First of all, this is not a sports town.
Right. Okay. That's why I think everybody's repeating back to me things have been saying for 20 years. I know that.
Neil, what do you have against these dams, bridges, guys, up that watch over the waterways?
Open line of day one at Broward. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and 0.5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Cutler Raid, Jello.
Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing?
Okay. Yeah, I'm with the guy who got the goal. I'm sick and tired of hearing you cry about it every day.
Well, don't listen. Okay. Because I'm going to be the one I'm going to because it does bother me.
If I'm the only person in there and believe me, I know a few other people that are psychotic about it too.
I'm going to keep banging away on behalf of other people who might care.
Okay. And if it's terminal to you, tough crap. If it's too bad, I take a minute or two to mention it, even if I do it every day.
Tough. Find something else to fill up your four empty hours in the middle of your day. Okay, pal?
Because one thing I always respond to real well is people will call in like you to tell me what to say.
I want to talk about it. I respond real well to that. Don't know.
He's getting real tired. He agrees with the other guy. I got a real radical solution.
Okay. Let him fix it. Wow. Let him call up somebody in a real hockey arena and find out how you do it right and make it right.
Then you'll never hear about it again.
And of course, if I'm so wrong about all the things that are screwed up in here, how come they're finally now removing the removing those stupid cup holders from the goddamn back of the seats in the game?
And the upper bowl and before long, they'll probably be screaming about having to do it in the lower bowl.
Because they did a lot of things wrong. They made a lot of mistakes. Okay. When you go to a sporting venue, it should be like for the enjoyment of the people who are spending the money or going there to subsidize and support whatever's going on there.
Not just this kind of thing. Well, you know, if you don't like it, don't come back. You know, see what the show I can say that because you got other choices and it doesn't cost you anything.
And you don't have to go anywhere. You can sit in your car and your home on your ass, turn on the radio. If you like it, fine. If not, that's okay.
But the idea that people have to make an effort. They have to pay an arm and leg to park. They paid a lot of money for the tickets or somebody did.
And oh, well, that's a we're sorry. We just can't do it right. Great.
Here's a mobile implantation. Hello. Yeah. Neil. Yes, sir.
Hey, buddy. I grew up down here. So I'm not real knowledgeable and hockey is if someone who might have played it as a youth up north.
But can you tell me how the offside works? I'm not. I really get to figure that out. No.
Open line at Broward. 56670560 and pound 560 on the AT&T world of slime. By the way, when you find your birthday cakes, you're just lick the icing off and you'll understand. Just lick it.
Okay, whatever that was. Open line and date 56670560 and pound 560 on the AT&T world of slime. Another one of your dumb sticks. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Yes, sir. I'm not proof either. These are very stupid or naive. Well, you'll hear right in there. You tell me what the solution in the basket means.
Open line at day one in Broward. 56670560 and pound 560. You know, see, we enjoy the fact that there are people who don't enjoy it. I don't get it.
That don't understand it either. Wow. Boy, sure makes me feel bad that I took off yesterday to go to the doctor, maybe put my life back together again. Which I'm not really sure. I thought boy, I was out of the woods.
I thought I was in a hog having here. There's just a little bit of this fire in the puts again here today. Of course, if you've heard from the beginning of the show, you might just understand why.
Here's a mobile in Hellendale. Hello. How you doing? Okay. I was in my car driving around. I heard that horses ask say something about why should they turn the light on when someone scores a little bit.
You have to see the goal right. This is the most assinine comment I have heard in 20 years. Yeah. That's like that's like saying if you're watching a football game and someone scores a touchdown, it's not necessary for the referee.
Exactly. Or if I can feel well, why should the officials put their arms up in here? You can see whether it goes through or not. Or if you're at a baseball game and someone hits a ball down the line, I'm par. I shouldn't signal whether you can see whether it's fair or foul. You can see that chalk fly or not as the case may be. Right.
What is what's these people here? The fact that most of these people not being real sports fans. This is the only place in the world where they would accept the fact that something as ludicrous as simple as this can't be done right. Only these people would accept it.
I mean, part of the fun of going to a game is if you're sitting up in the rafters on the other side of the rink and the light goes on, that's a reason to get excited anyway. Right.
Not to assume that there are many goals that are scored in the macarena where the reaction from the crowd is kind of like slow mo because everybody's looking at the people next to them seeing if they're jumping up in the, they go in or did not go in because about 80% of the people can't see the goal light depending on which end they're sitting on.
I think a lot of the people don't even know they're at a hockey game. Yeah, no, they don't. They're sitting there. It's a social club. You're right. It's just a guy named social club. I feel much better now that I said that. Okay. Have a great day.
Okay. Let's talk about that lightsomore to piss that one guy off. He's probably squeezing it right now. We have an open line at day one in Broward 5 6 7 0 5 60,
5 60 on the AT&T world. See, I've told you this before and it's true. That's why having a sports talk station in a market like this. It would be like it would be like playing Romanian melodies in the middle of a callowit.
You know, they're just aren't too many Romanians around there. I mean, I really like having an all Chinese melody station in this town where like I was talking about on to on Wednesday. We don't have any Chinese people are like about seven of them.
It's 1157 at 560 QAM.
The Neil Roger show now on 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale. It's Friday. You best.
It puts the lotion in the basket. It makes it all up. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts them both together. It puts the lotion in the basket. When the eyeball falls out, it puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket.
I have to try and clean my skin so it puts the lotion in the basket. I said, dark brown. I switched my Bb by legs. I said, dark brown. I like to dance around this way. It puts the lotion in the basket.
I said, I want to look for like a wall for my name is Pablo Bill. It puts the lotion in the basket. It makes it more much easier. It puts the lotion in the basket. I hold my PPI. It puts the lotion in the basket. How much does it grow? It puts the lotion in the basket. I got my skin so nipple likely.
It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in
the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts
the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket
It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in
There are some messages there that you people are trying to give us when you do that. I have no life. I have no life. I have no life. I have no life. I have no life. I have no life. I have no life. I have no life. I have no life. I have no life. I have no life. I have no life. I have no life. I have no life. I have no life. I have no life. I have no life. I have no life. I have no life. I have no life. I have no life. I have no life. I have no life. I have no life. I have no life. I have no life. I have no life. I have no life. I have no life. I have no life. I have no life. I have no life. I have no life. I have no life. I have no life. I have no life. I have no life. I have no life. I have no life. I have no life. I have no
identification. Don't you have any problems? have any problems? I have just a plan for a student driver. A ceann fewer spaces Turn on. LCD. Pricylo get up I don't know. Yellow was at the top.. Filter..
based on the cups. Models.
and tablet.
X raises your phone life.
that was very marginal numbers that we have on that show at night
if any would start talking about where the hookers are we have a double
digit the share on that show every night
what we have a big gambling is considered a social problem so it's
competition of legal and vegas
so people call any of an
proposition is not legal in vegas by the way
it's legal right
and uh... not in vegas you know
when i look at it is vegas is in Carson county
and the uh... which county is a car county or i can't get confused one of
those is legal but not in vegas
okay by point being that
if you related to something is called ago and you can't have a couple of
broads for that
i understand that that's the hypocrisy these people with their bookies don't
you understand the hypocrisy of america
everybody in their brother allegedly has a bookie everybody's like these
stupid calls we get in the show
hey i think what's the number of that doob came in and you want to hear that
if you want to have like a bookie line
get a bookie line but i mean what kind of conversation is that it's nothing but
a chronic gambling show i agree
you know what i'm a young kid and i'm all my friends are
graduate high school in college with
i mean we go to these games and they're not making more than thirty thousand
year
and they're betting five six hundred dollars a day
i mean it's a problem
they're betting five or six hundred bucks a day
uh... yeah and anything that'll move these kids literally have problems i
never been i bet on a cruise once but twenty bucks on a blackjack table
these kids
are betting five and six hundred bucks
on a given day they don't even watch the the dolphin games are down there
time for some help out time for some serious help
give them a right away
or any captain your douchebag
well in fact any was i was coming home from the track last night where i was
uh... all i lost forty bucks by the way
losing my answer last night and bread cramer northfield down to the thirteen
dollar or
what a move their whipping and slashing and driving also bailed that rich out
there with that race
we're losing our ass
but i mean i do you know lost forty bucks i don't gamble a lot
but i go to vagus net needless to say i'll take a uh... fairly serious amount of
money but not money that i'm going to miss
but people are like compulsive gamblers that have to have a bet on every event
she that's not a sports fan i know that comes as a great shock to some of the
people who listen to and some of the people work on this nation
the idea that you have to have a tangible gambling uh... involvement in a
sporting event to be interested that to me is sick
free country if you want to do that even though it's illegal in most cases
and to do with their bookie but nevertheless i don't care
but that's sick
and that's not a sports fan
i mean is there anybody was at that the least panther game Wednesday that had a
better than it came you know you have to be sick
uh... the better hockey game
and i heard that as matter of fact when i'm coming home last night time jikers on
air
with a capitol
you're doing a show out there at the dog track
and they're uh... talking about uh... which dogs are betting on which race in
this an
and
and i love when uh... some guy looked at both any time jikens and
i thought it was when he's talking about
uh... they're both good guys are not necessarily good guys but uh... you know
uh... chronic gambling chronic chronic gambling crap
terminus ponderous
i could have brought in the program from popular park last night and said oh my
god bruce ranger what a drive you gave this three and wally hennessey was waiting
for that to be able to leave it in a race you know on and on and on i'm not
gonna do that
i'd be out of business in five minutes if i was doing a cramped terminal
it's ponderous
and the idea that we're eating at a betting all these chronic sick gamblers out
there that's really sad i mean you know hookers there you go
if one you're given out phone numbers and locations and addresses i'm talking
about people that are safe people that are clean
who do that show
what's the number on it
here's a mobile in four letter to hello
any of our great
literally the faces almost as red as mine now
uh... the other day do i support center after the uh... tampa bay a washington
game
like i would watch the tenth of the washington game it seems to me i was at the
panther game that night sir not that i would watch
no sports center the next day they had to be showing every single goal
that that uh... watching the scoring on the paper bank yeah
and they had and a scamp in the background uh... doing his thing
is hilarious and then after
that then afterwards are showing off the camp of eight players you know i
understand what is on race canter i'll ask you the goal thing i got it
yet they should ten goals they should all ten goals and what does he have to do
with the hunky now
the soccer got with a big mouth into the hockey thing okay thanks for good news
we have that in here by the way on risk canter
uh...
there
enough of them already
uh...
yeah you hear that
i'll tell you what they know it's a spanish they got a lot of practice with
those times you know
uh... even at the beginning of a word which is not easy that's tough to do
you're a real good thriller if you can do it like at the beginning but
uh...
uh...
uh... but i do i can do it
i got a lot of experience with my time to i like that
nine minutes after noon at five sixty
wdq and i think i'm ready for lunch
i'm ready for some my usual stuff
is my face a little bit to the at come back a little bit
they just can't they can't give you a lot of the opportunity to recover in
this place
you come in i'm out one day yesterday it's my second out day out sick in the
year at thirteen months not bad
come back one day later all of a sudden everything in here is turned
instant
pure crap
you you think that if they would just but well
don't don't even go there they'll appreciate it and so i'll say don't even
go there
just do your due diligence
yeah and get some closure
and when you lose sleep from the night to the next it's known as sleep
deprivation even a modest loss of sleep tonight and i can have serious
impact on the way your body functions in the way you function field during the
next day
if you toss and turn a night it could be because the mattress you're sleeping on
is history
it's a real piece of crap
a great way to assure a remarkable great night sleep is to have a quality
mattress
and the best way to buy one is call our friends a dial a mattress
and
and
and
and
the
and
and
and
I guess Sam and the nephew out there, it's pizza out there very lonely, okay?
And they're calling George and begging us, begging us, please.
See, I would promote the hell out of it if number one I understood what the hell they were
doing there.
And number two, they were giving something away that somebody wanted.
Did it ever done on them that maybe the reason there's not a mob scene out there for the
stuff they're giving away is that nobody wants it?
No.
That is.
I mean, the QA and Van is out there by the pizza lock and Davy and they got tickets for
the Royal Caribbean scene, the senior PGA tour.
Oh, I didn't realize that.
No wonder the guy didn't even understand what the guy was talking about before.
It's the Alta Caca Golf Tournament.
Oh, my God.
At Crandon Park on Kibos Gainers weekend.
So if you think it's boring watching a bunch of like young people, already a middle-aged
guy's running around and when Dikes hitting the golf ball, wait till you see these old
parts out there, old parts on carts.
Also free tickets for the Joe to Maggio Legends game and for a lot of Dale Stadium to benefit
the Joe to Maggio Children's Hospital.
Anybody heard how he's doing, by the way?
No.
No.
Oh, by the way, that's the office pool today, King Hussein or Joe to Maggio.
Also, they got tickets for the Coconut Grove home show this weekend at the Coconut Grove
Convention Center.
If you want those, they got free tickets and also the new I turn Neal on WQM T-shirts.
That's the only thing tangible I see on a list that anybody might want.
Okay?
So please make them happy.
Make them feel like they're doing something, you know, like they're doing something tangible,
which is really why they're out there to make it appear that they are doing something
useful and tangible.
The QAM van, look for it out there by the pizza lock and then go in and buy a meal.
Jeff can use the money.
Also, here's the fact that his Neal stop African American is a good term.
It separates my wife who is black from black Americans.
She has nothing like black Americans.
It's a good thing, Sign John.
See, this again goes back to all of that, you know, the hatred between you know, the
Hispanics, depending on where they're from, they hate each other and the blacks like
the Caribbean blacks, hate American blacks and the other way around.
Oh, seriously, I mean, I got news for you, man, it was you making women.
I don't care what you say.
They are condescending.
They are disgusting.
What I agree with that.
Look on the sending part anyway.
In fact, yesterday when I was calling my doctor over there at the Cleveland Clinic, I had
a Jamaican woman come on the phone, one of the certain nurses, secretary, whatever the
health she does there.
And I told her this is like, you know, important that they give it, they treat me very well
over there.
Thank you, by the way, Cleveland Clinic, they charge me in our money.
I don't have a leg, but nevertheless, they treat me very well.
And I try to impress on her that this is something urgent, even though the doctor has no
opening, he'd squeeze me in.
He knows me.
And she puts me on hold.
I come, I come, I come, I come back.
How about 415 this afternoon?
This is 830 yesterday morning, I'm talking.
I said no, I said it's kind of like a semi-emergency.
I'd like to get, she puts me on hold, obviously goes and talk to my doctor, comes back, come
on over right away, okay?
So thanks very much, doctor, Posh, good-yock.
But it was a Jamaican woman, very condescending, very condescending.
But I mean, if we have to argue, if we have to debate, I don't understand why we have
to do this.
But how about a term that we could all agree on?
So because Afro-Kuner, you know, was the long version of Kuhn, that's where Kuhn came
from.
So if you want a new term, if Negro wasn't good enough and if Black isn't good enough,
how about Kuhn?
Huh?
Let's take a bow down here today.
I mean, we can have like the governor since he ate around anymore, he wouldn't mind
if we stole it.
We can have a he-Kuhn and a she-Kuhn.
Huh?
And in cases like what we got upstairs, and it couldn't, if it were Black, but I guess
it's not, but you know, if it were.
And what is it that it does up there, this thing that we heard from off the street?
It puts the large in the basket.
In fact, you know something, it's just, just on on me.
You know who it's related to?
Buffalo freaking bill.
We've been making jokes about that for the past two days.
That, that thing, it wants to wear your flesh.
Oh my God, I would be surprised if he has a nipple ring.
And maybe one or two on his...
Brackdom?
Well, you guys really know how to make the good hires here, baby.
They come and they ask us, we say, and they say, it's like that Beatles song, you say,
we say, yes.
Open line and date, five, six, seven.
So how about that coon?
Is there any Black person in this audience to be offended by the word coon?
No.
Okay, we got it.
He coon and she coon.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
And a woman that's really stacking her a raccoon.
Yes.
Well, if I'm a statement by saying I could give a rat's ass about Tim McArver.
Yeah.
But if you find out why he was fired, I don't know if you followed the reports.
No, I do not.
The meth basically wanted ass kisser and not somebody that basically has an opinion
up there.
You know something, Tim McArver is a loud mouth, don't ex-jock, who has to analyze every
god damn pitch, every play.
Tim McArver.
No, but I could have played that.
He is the most overrated piece of turd that ever sat me out of microphone.
Forget him.
I'd rather hear Ralph Conner after having another massive stroke, slurring his speech.
I'd rather hear that than Tim McArver.
Right, but forget him.
I mean, you look at all these sports franchises in this town.
They have ass kissers too.
I mean, nobody's going to come out and criticize their team.
And it's a movement of sport.
There's nothing but ass kisses.
Right.
And so nobody speaks their mind anymore.
I mean, thank god you got the mad dog up there who's not scared once in a while, you know,
to wag that tail and call it like you see that you know if the dolphins have a poor performance.
All right.
But you know, there's just a move.
Nobody speaks their mind anymore.
Yeah.
You're going through your Tim McArver got fired because they want a Tom Seaver to come in
who works with the team all year long.
Oh, Tom Seaver is terminal.
Are you kidding me?
Well, that's what he's working with.
The pictures didn't win a program.
And so he's going to know the team basically in and out.
Can I tell you something about Tom Seaver?
When you listen to him, you realize that this is an overgrown little boy.
He has never grown up.
Well, I don't know.
No, I'm just talking about sports.
I'm just talking about it.
And about a lesson, when you listen to him do any kind of a broadcast, he sounds like
a little kid.
He's never grown up.
Well, you know, it's just scary that he's owners one, you know, the guy in Philadelphia,
I guess it was the eagle.
He signed a contract last year that said he can't criticize the team.
I mean, these owners want to put a product on a field.
Please don't come in here.
He calluses to the winner.
I don't know who that is, man.
Oh, I know.
I read reports every calluses.
He sounds like he's related to the Irish pilot.
Those are the owners want you to feel a certain way about a team.
Rob Ross is hoping like you talk about how the band is put on the show and everything's
up and everything's happy.
Drop prizes from their ceiling.
And they want this whole image that everything's good.
He might be my talk.
That's right.
I don't want anybody to criticize the team.
They got to put on the field.
Doctor, feel good in the right.
That's why a lot of us just listen to you.
Whether we agree with you on everything or not, you call it like you see it.
You talk about the goal.
You talk about the song.
You know, people don't have a voice out there anymore.
And even if somebody wants to criticize, work a good team, they can't anymore.
And instead of getting people calling in and agreeing who are angry about all of the
fish and cheese out there, I get people calling in and knocking me.
How come I, you know, opening up a big mouth when I'm such a male content and you're
supposed to be able to see the puck go in.
I mean, just stupid in a idiotic stuff that you wouldn't hear any place else in the
universe.
Let me say some, I don't know hockey for anything, but I want some tickets on your show
and thank you a couple weeks ago.
I went to a game and you always talk about bad ice.
I don't know bad ice for my ice in my glass cup, right?
But I looked at my seals of ruts.
I'm way up in the nosebleed sections.
Thank you for the seats are great.
I'm looking at the ruts.
I'm saying, okay, I guess that's bad ice.
I mean, I figured it out.
I don't know hockey for many.
Wednesday night, there are guys falling down all over the place.
They were tripping across the blue line, which is hard to do since there's under the
ice.
I mean, there you guys fall all over the place.
And in fact, even my doctor at Cleveland Clinic, because you know, they take care
of all the Panther players.
He was talking to me about yesterday about how somebody's going to break a leg on it that's
so bad out there.
The worst anybody's ever seen.
Not for good.
You know, Chris Moore would never say anything.
You know that, right?
Or River?
No, because they're on a payroll, baby.
They're their house organs.
All right, keep going, man.
Have a great day.
By the way, haven't heard from rumor in a long time.
No, seriously, I'm readjusting my budget for the coming four years.
Things are looking pretty rosy.
He's looking his wounds.
Don't you understand?
I'm a bad guy.
You know, I'm a bad guy, because I said, well, whatever I said, because it was the
truth.
Not Russian rocket.
Two open lines a day.
And then the pronounce his name wrong.
I mean, come on, remember, Bore.
Maybe maybe he's thinking of Borea Salming, huh?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Bokeh.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, Neil?
Great.
You all right?
Let me ask you.
Do you watch golf?
So I watch golf, hell, no.
Thank God.
Golf is terminal.
Right.
You're going to watch golf.
You're like 60, 70 years old.
Uh-huh.
And you're just waiting for it to happen.
And I think that people are watching old parts play golf, probably like 90 and 100 years
old.
The senior tour, that's all they should have.
I mean, that's the college.
Oh, that's the college.
Spotted by Gerritol and the X-Lax and the Lox.
And everything.
Listen, I heard you say that you had diabetes or you had some, you know, I don't know.
But was that tight water?
What do you mean?
I have diabetes, yes.
Is it insulin dependant or is it not insulin dependant?
No.
I'm a graduate student over here at FAU.
Right.
And I got a friend of mine that's in the biochemistry department.
And Aitner told me that they're coming out with some new stuff for insulin dependent
diabetics that's inhaling.
So.
Oh.
That's what he said.
Nice concert.
Oh, good.
We have an open line of day one at Broward, 5, 6, 7.
And you know, something these have been pretty interesting calls today, even the bad ones,
you know, been pretty goddamn interesting.
I mean, it's not as good as talking about what's the morning line and a goddamn golf tournament,
and which old fart's going to go first.
Boy, old fart's playing golf.
I mean, that's we have scraped the bottom of the barrel, really.
We just, I realize football is over.
Even though we can talk about, you know, all the, you know, all the 10 year olds are going to be drafting in the seven or eight years.
But boy, you talk about senior golf.
This radio station man has absolutely no shame.
If it's a game, I want to, hey, I want to be surprised if we can bring back Rick Weaver to do some bowling on the radio,
and maybe some quite tournament.
Sounds good to me.
The fans beginning to blow the, blow the, who the place election.
Yeah, and by the way, where is Rick Weaver right now?
He goes on, on queer street right now.
Where's another guy? Did he ever smell bad?
Well, huh?
I mean, he was a great broadcast to compare to that Zimfer guy, but boy, did he smell bad?
He was a strange dude, Rick Weaver.
We have an open line at date, 5.67.05.60, and 0.5.60, and a mobile one line.
And talk about an ego, man.
Woo!
I mean, an ego bigger than, than, uh, fat boy, and Josh Friedman put together.
And so, Al Goldstein and their two, a gigantic gargantuan ego.
That's Mr. Weaver to you.
Ha, ha, ha, only the thing is, he was serious about that.
He's funny right out of his jacks drive.
I'll bet.
26 past noon at 5.60, double.
And the running backs are turning the cracks in the big hole.
A Mississippi Tanner, Fabio, share.
They all have celebrity perfumes.
Now from the right house comes their first perfume of the Clinton era.
Hillary, the name is notorious.
Hillary, the woman is notorious.
Hillary, the leader is notorious.
Part Hillary, part notorious.
The new perfume from Hillary Clinton.
Killing notorious.
Hmm, what's that smell?
That's my clentorious.
I love it.
Nothing smells quite like it.
Smell it.
I can't even find it.
Is that it?
No.
Is that it?
Nope.
How about this?
No.
It's a little hard to find.
But once you do.
Holy mackerel, it's great.
Look forward at your perfume counter post office with the Baton Tackle.
Hi, I hope this is Hillary Clinton.
And you love my clentorious.
So look forward in the little inbox, Lendory.
So, 31 at 5.60 WQAM.
God, that's embarrassing as f*** the b***.
It should be.
We have an open line of date.
5.607, our poll question today, by the way, is,
who do you like better?
Rick Weaver or Bill Zimfer?
The nondescript Bill Zimfer.
So, anyway, speaking of clentorious, all this big flap, including even a statement that
they issued out of the White House yesterday to see that about Chelsea being on the cover
of a people hold magazine and that they're doing a story about her.
And then they had that channel surfing this morning.
I think it was on Good Morning America, which I never watched that show.
In fact, I never watched any of the morning shows anymore since they took the good people
off the CBS show.
But nevertheless, so they had Ron Reagan Jr.
She was on their devalue answer, getting very indignant about, wow, you know, she's only
a younger or older, she's not a public figure.
She's not a public figure.
But they traced her out when they were up there at high-annis port the weekend after,
whichever weekend there was, this last traumatic 13 months with all the Monica and the penis
getting everything.
Chelsea is not a public figure.
How can you be the daughter of the first family and not be a public figure?
Ron Reagan Jr.
You silly, uh, the Twitton tights.
It's a Twitton tights, Ron Reagan Jr.
Man.
And what's the big stimulus about that?
You know, they're arguing to you.
There are plenty of other kids whose father isn't the president, whose parents aren't the
first family who aren't going to have it made for the rest of their lives, whose parents have
cheated on each other, maybe both.
And though all the gritty tales, how about some kid in the trailer park somewhere?
And everybody in town, it's some little horse ball trailer park or some little town.
It's in even New York.
And everybody in town knows who's dittling everybody else.
And those kids have to suffer the embarrassment of knowing that this one was doing that one,
and this one had Gloria banging her up against the wall, whatever hell it was.
And Tommy's mother, she was in there too, doing a three way.
You know, how about them?
Does anybody care about them?
No.
All the poor Chelsea.
And by the way, speaking of poor Chelsea, they had a clip on their last night with her out there at school.
Were she going to Stanford with her boyfriend?
And I got news for her.
She's got a pretty cute boyfriend who either has bad eyesight or can sniff the money if you
are at the end of the rainbow.
Or maybe she just does what her mama does and then maybe she gives good head.
Or maybe all of you above.
But some nerve they got.
Oh, well, we're very upset with the people at People magazine.
Why?
Is she somehow immune?
That sounds like the British now.
And of course the British, at least those kids are like, what, 15 and 13, something like that?
William and Harry.
Those pay, pasty British, uh, twits.
But she's in a doll.
And all of a sudden, there's all this righteous integration.
Poor Chelsea, which she's had to go through with all the embarrassment that daddy was doing in the monica
in the oral office in the stickin' at the garden, etc. and so on.
Probably give her some good pointers.
Maybe that's how she hooked that good looking boyfriend.
Here's Hollywood. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir. Good afternoon.
Yes. Back to you.
I try to give you a call when I have some accurate information for you.
Yes.
Vegas is in Clark County.
No prostitution allowed there.
Right. Carson County is the one where they're prostitutes. Am I correct?
Well, it's up by Reno.
Actually outside of Clark County, there are other counties that have prostitutions.
You could take a cab from Vegas into these chicken plomb.
Where if you want to get one?
Oh my God.
Yeah.
Exactly.
Now, as far as your blood pressure medication goes,
you could have this in your system anywhere from seven to 30 days.
Oh!
Well, I'm sorry.
Oh my God.
Yeah.
That's what I could do about that.
But at least there's a light at the end of the tunnel.
Exactly.
But no more than 30 days.
Yeah.
Now, also, do you have a PDR at home?
Not a new one.
Okay.
You should take...
You spend a couple of bucks getting a new PDR.
Yeah.
And all your medications, you should look up and see what the side effects are.
Yeah.
I used to do that.
I stopped doing it.
You're right.
Well, you'll find out.
You don't want to take anything.
You don't have to take.
Next question is, what was your blood pressure when you dropped all that weight?
Went down to 170 pounds.
Oh, and I went down to 170?
Right.
I wasn't taking anything for it.
Well.
It was perfect.
I went 10 over 70.
I would think that would be the incentive.
Oh, you know, you know, when I drove out of the doctors yesterday,
and he didn't say anything about it, this particular doctor is usually...
Is the kind of guy that says, you better lose the weight you're going to be dead.
I didn't even waste his time.
Okay.
Because on his scale, when my shoes and all my clothes yesterday weighed 204.
So believe me, I got a long way to go.
But I had a good day yesterday eating wise.
I would think that would be the incentive.
Right.
Because if you lose the weight, because there's some people that have the sensual hypertension,
as you know, which means it's got nothing to do with their weight.
But I'm lucky enough, or unlucky,
but that it's the fact that I have to do with my being diabetic and hypertension.
Exactly.
And then if I would lose the goddamn weight, I could take all the pills and tromaneoprapper.
Well, I think beginning today it's a new leaf for you.
And what we're going to do is turn it over to a new maple leaf right now.
Exactly.
We're going to send a big black guy named Ben down there early Friday.
And if you don't move away, he's going to beat that shmoud out of you.
Okay.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you, sir.
We're going to send the old Ben down down here, huh?
I think he's upstairs right now.
He's up and down to chef and the elevator will bend down.
That's our program.
That's my new name for him, by the way.
Thank you, sir.
Not only for excellent call, but for giving me a great suggestion.
Instead of calling him Duff or Bluff, it's old Ben down.
Ben down to program director.
We have an open line in Broward, 56670560,
pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Coral Springs.
Hello?
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
We need Peter Wurrell back.
Yeah, okay.
Thank you.
Oh, maybe that's a big black eye.
This guy was talking about Jesus.
Open line in Broward, 56670560, pound 560 on the mobile one line.
By the way, wait till you're the rest of the Peter Wurrell story if you ever do.
Here's a mobile in Bokeh.
Hello?
Yeah, hey, Neil.
Man, hope you're feeling better.
Great.
Yeah, great show.
And I just happened to be passionate by...
Keep up the good work.
Good work.
...and by what?
Come, passion through here.
95, I'm coming in from Melbourne.
Yeah.
And keep up the good work with that hockey ring.
Because way in Izinga, I'd say it.
You know, this guy is a real problem.
And the one of reasons I call this...
He's an asshole.
He's an oba solid Marlin fan.
I do a lot of work with the Marlins with their association.
And, you know, when the Marlins come up to...
With the organization, yes.
Yeah, with the organization.
We do a little service for him.
But to make a long story short, everybody supports the Marlins up in Melbourne when they come up for spring ball.
Right.
As soon as they come back down to Miami, we can't watch the games.
Sports Channel has a lock on all their games and time-water, which is the cable company up there.
They're doing it to us again.
We can't watch the goddamn games.
He's an asshole.
Any pressure that you can put on this guy to get these games to be up in public.
Oh, he's right.
Tell me.
I got a lot of...
I got a lot of a clout with that organization.
I can't even get them to get the Gullite so we can see him in the Mac Arena.
I'm the number one hockey fan in the whole goddamn USA.
Can't get him to fix the Gullite in the arena.
And I'm gonna get the thing on for you up there.
I wish I could pal.
Well, I'm just trying because I'll do anything I can.
And I'm real sick though.
This guy, I don't care how much money he has.
He's the biggest asshole I've ever run into in my whole life.
I'm gonna ask for.
Okay, thanks.
Okay, and at Jimmy Johnson's story, by the way, true story.
Johnson wanted to want that.
Wayne said no.
And the Johnson...
Okay, see ya.
To the papers on the front pages.
Wayne has to come rushing back the next morning.
They fly once in it and Wayne telecoms it from the West Coast.
And then they put on this big act for the public.
Like, oh yeah, Wayne's the hero.
Wayne's the hero.
Open line and Broward, 567-0560, 05-560 on the mobile one line.
22 to 11, QA-N.
He'll ride you off.
There once was a man named Bill who lived on Capitol Hill.
He gave me a dress and made it a mess.
And I kept it under my bed.
In my house.
No.
That's not good.
Okay, let's see.
All right.
Now, since I've read, the White House is White.
I signed in the live book one night.
No, that's not good either.
Pickery, tickery, dock.
The president showed me his.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, good.
Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay.
It was the night before Christmas.
And all through the house.
Bill got naked.
Except for my blouse.
My parents were nustles.
Well, snog in their bed.
While I was giving president a loan.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
That's no good either.
12, 44, 5, 60, that's probably the clip.
He'll be shown tomorrow during the, oh, god,
six hours of that direct with the video tapes.
Two open lines in, Brian.
I wonder about this.
Chelsea, am I the only one that has an opinion
that Chelsea is not beyond reproaching that she's a public figure
and if she's a People magazine wants to write about her,
what's the big deal with that?
Like I said before, plenty of other.
It's like when Diana died the same thing with the royal family with the kids. Oh my god. They lost their mother
Well, that's a tragic thing
But you know what they were like anonymous people all over the world of those their mother every day
And the world isn't sitting around and out in John is making up songs for him. How do you like that?
They're not rich and they're not yeah, and they're not filthy rich and it's not gonna be the king and a queen and
You know get all that money for sitting around and those velvet whatever they're wearing
Doing stuff from the Stone Age
That's our pool question by the way who is sillier the queen of England or the Pope?
Number two, who's a better dresser and number three who's the bigger queen?
Here's four Myers hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey
Is this Neil that sounds like me all right. What about professional bowling televised professional bowling?
Pretty weak pretty but I'm gonna tell you something this is a true story
Yeah, Rick Weaver on W.I.O.D. back in the days when they used to put a lot of crap on the Philip time in a weekend
Actually did bowling on radio. Yes, I understand that is that incredible or what?
Pretty lame, but you know, you know, oh, it's a little high. There's a 710 split while what a bad
All right
All right, I just wanted to call and say to have a good show and everything else. Thanks a lot pal
So I have all my 10 friends on the west coast. All right. See you
That's the first down by the hair on their chinny chin chin. Okay, we have an open line of day one and brown
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 animal one line and any response to my question about Rick Weaver or Bill Zimper
No, that's because they don't know who Bill Zimper is
He is so generic man so generic this obsession the station has a lot of outer town people
You know like the hockey announcer lives in Jersey like flies to the games in the flitz around and the football announcer that lives in Philly
And it's a big Philly sports fan and promoter up there on his oldie station and implies into the dolphin games once a week
As long as I live I'll never forget that show. He did remember that day when he was filming for Hank and he did the show on a phone line from Philadelphia
And had no idea what was going on down here nice going Billy
Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yeah, show us so Juvenile. No, great. That's why you listen. Well, thank you
Thank you very much for that compliment
You show us so Juvenile that he listens every minute of every day and he can't take it enough of it. God bless you sir. That's for you
Juvenile my fat ass
We have an open-minded Broward 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line
See air every I've already conditioned this audience to it every call like that is not a shot at me. It's a shot at yourself
Yeah, like Russian roulette with a gun fully loaded
Because you're admitting that you're not only are you listening you're making the effort which I thank you
profusely because not too many people do that to take the time to call to wait a few minutes to come on the air and express something
God bless you sir. There's another one for you
Just like Bernie gets
Here's Miami. Hello, you know, yes, sir. I don't say it definitely you're
Maybe Juvenile, but that's the reason why you're so entertaining you're not old and moldy and
Yeah, and I'll talk about the senior golf
You know, I feel sorry for some of the people on this stage
Not I want to mention any name that have to be slept around to some of these so-called sporting events and have to try to play it up
Big and prevent it something I mean senior golf
Give me a break what here's a bunch of daughtering old parts. Oh my god. Look at that. They're still alive
It can't be as bad as you know juvenile golf
What can I say but yeah, I'm in the 27 plus Julio bracket for you here and
Yeah, today's my birthday
Yeah, sir and my faster what I'm traditionally
I'm gonna do my traditional thing of going out back to the house and eat until I bar or die whichever one comes first
But in any case walk about soup by the way
No, I never had it. We never had that. Oh, I love that. I like onions onions if you like cheese and onions, man
That's great stuff. I usually go on a strict diet of the largest steak, which is the porter house
Well, that's good and then after that I take my chocolate thunder from down under my African-American
Whatever
But in any case you're cool my coon brownie, but in any case I was watching speed of coons
I was watching television a couple days ago and they had Gary Coleman. He was like for assault
He's like what 40 something he looks like you six. Yeah, he looks like he's 11 years old and
You know you've got that you know he had a bad bowl of grits or someone he cut them well
You know it just seems to me that
Like a lot of these sports people are called a station. He just refuses to grow up
I grew up with a lot of these child actors like you know Gary Coleman
Machio drew bear more and you know it seems now Ralph Machio even with those bad dudes
He was married when he was about like 15 years old and was like 12 I think I think so it's a marriage for like 20 years
Yeah, it just seems to me that when you're a child actor
You're signing a death warrant for the rest of your life. You're a group to be psychotic
That's right. They almost every one of mine's up to be really screwed up
Look at poor Jane North the adenis the penis boy
Heavy
Even that kid that played Nicholas and eight is enough. He still hasn't grown into that cranium
Maybe he's Joe Rose whatever happened by the way to well Vince Van Patten and Scott by a bail. Do they run off together?
I don't know
You know all I'm saying is it's just that they had to eat it is enough for not whatever that was that was embarrassing
I mean pretty much just just to tell you just to tell you what kind of level these guys are right
I mean the only normal person that I've seen close to it is probably drew bear more you know if I caught it
She is now, you know, so I just feel bad. I kind of prefer an Ethel Brear more myself
Well listen have a great day. I'm really there to you. Bye. Bye. We have an open-line today
It's either as a young Julio 2070 years old happy birthday
Oh, you know why and we got to get because we had all that technical problem in the first hour. God has it pissed me off
Nothing worse than you know, yeah, I mean if I came in late or if I was like unprepared or if I was sick as a dog again
That's a different story
Come in here a quarter to nine in the morning plenty of time to sit here and prepare and get in the right frame of mind and feel my face to see if it's heating up yet
Which by the way, thank God it's back to room temperature
Tell I eat that great and thanks again am I good friend Chuck by the way from no Chuck subs
Over on the corner 441 and I've very well. Why sub-center?
What do I call it? I like from the sub-center. Okay. I'm under a lot of pressure the sub-center
Thank you Chuck but at any rate according to arbitrage
Even though we're dead dynamite number one men 25 to 44 between 10 and 2 men 50 plus we have
His span we don't have one Hispanic man over the age of 50 who listen to the show so between now and two
That's my goal to get at least one old-speak the call is show even if he hates it
Just one just to prove that arbitrage is full of crap
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line
Here's Hollywood hello, I know yes, sir. This on circumcised German guy
I just want to tell you you turn me on to that
Macarena I went for first time Wednesday night and I didn't give a crap about hockey before but I'll tell you it was really really
Exciting I want to tell you thanks they had to give you a commission check from Wayne my knowing oh yeah
Yeah, they're big favor of mine right right now
I'm washing ahead Neil. What are all those empty seats are those people that are seasoned picking holders?
It's just never about a show and also there's a corporate seats the ones in lower bulls are corporate seats at the corporations buy up and
And a lot of time and that's where you'll always see some empty seats because the people didn't give away or people didn't give the folks who cared about
Showing up so unfortunately there's always a smattering here and there are those right right it was just really exciting
I'm gonna be going again, and I want to thank you. It was just great
Neil my girlfriend is listening for the first time today could you play that put the lotion in the basket the whole scene
We go close the doctor. It's hysterical
This is Debbie. Hi Debbie. I'm just getting some operations done
Okay, and some body contouring and some liposuction
There was wondering if it's tummy talk and the lip augmentation cosmetic dress
Sizzling face gift all of these things
Does wondering what you like to start with? Well, I need to get everything done probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my
My thing okay, we don't do that. No, could you do breast implants though?
I can't be done
It was the lotion in the basket. How much?
5,000 excellent. I'd like to have my skin resurface too
Laser surgery
Have the lambs stop crying yet mommy. Thank you. Please read don't hurt mommy's little baby
It puts the lotion in the basket. I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV
Okay, can you make me look more like a woman? Well, we'll have to see you first and if I'm looking actually we can tell you that when we see you
Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts mommy?
If you'd like to it puts the lotion in the basket. Would you like to make an appointment? Yes, okay
There is a hundred dollar consultation fee. That's fine
Okay, okay
My name is Buffalo Bill. Okay, let me get a little information from you. Okay, I'm probably right?
What's the lotion in the basket? I understand it puts the lotion in the basket
Do you want to come in for a consultation for what's the lotion in the basket?
Okay, do you want to make an appointment? You want to call me back? What's the lotion in the basket?
I got my skin suit and you're probably like
Bill it puts the lotion in the basket. I understand that was it like it puts a lotion in the basket
Would you like to make an appointment? It puts a lotion in the basket
Okay, I will talk to you in a time. Okay, it puts a lotion in the basket
255 at 560 WQAM anyway some have it in my meatballs with cheese and the onions in my egg and blush
And I walk in the other room in Georgia's God
astonishing I know idea a humongous chef salad from the sub-center from Trucks joint
That is like mostly you know most chef salad is just a bunch of like your grass, you know a crap
But just like mountains of great cold cuts and cheese and that's gonna be my lunch every day from now on okay
Every day except Tuesday when I go to mommy's that's gonna be my lunch every day
That's a perfect that can's lunch that is a beautiful thing in fact lots of meatballs. No seriously
1255 at 560 WQAM we got Hank coming up from the jury at your golf term at this afternoon between two and six
We got the booster with six o'clock seven o'clock to Panther free game because it's a big game tonight baby
The Panthers who are red hot with Paul Belbray at Pittsburgh to play the red hot Pittsburgh penguins Europe with Yarmher Yonder and Marty Stracca
Should be a damn good game tonight. We hope
Anyway, the Neil Roger show now on 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale. It's not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon
We don't
They got me best of her that you
The
They tell you this country where the country
Has
Some he want to sell and from my
L.O. Way you can detect
Smoke
Up
All right
Okay
Okay
You can carry lots of earth in the gun
Smoke it every day until your lunch
With all the money that we have made
Jamaica doesn't need any foreign aid
A man again who does come here and say
Got nothing like this in the US hey
Smoke, Gun to smoke, smoke
The light of the split van to
David into puff and joke
Gun to smoke, smoke
The Gun to be good
The gun to be good
The gun to be good
l.O.
The gun to be good tonight and then they smoke
I'm going to do a 560 WQ and don't do the show with your mouth full of
your white pants off.
Here's a mobile and crawl spring.
I have to disagree with your statement that there's no such thing as an African American.
A couple of years ago my wife became a US citizen and I went to the ceremony there and they would call out to different countries and then the people would stand up from the country.
When they got to South Africa they called out South Africa and I went to a white woman and said,
she's an African American. That's the only one I've ever seen.
A white African American.
Absolutely.
That's the only one I've ever seen. I've never seen an actual black African American.
Thanks for the good news.
There's white African or American but there's no black ones. Is that correct?
Thank you. Good point.
We got this clarified. We got it down pat yet. No more African American. No Canadian African or African Canadian.
No African Mexicans.
Anybody ever see an African Mexican?
No.
An African Cuban?
No.
African Jamaican?
No.
African whatever the hell it might be.
No.
We have an open line and then of course why would you want to be African anyway?
What is that all about?
You want to be identified with cannibals? Is that what it is?
Cannibal Lecter?
Or maybe to say how about you sticking a bone tree in those with that fit right in?
There's still probably some places over there where they have tribes. Am I right?
Do they still stick bones to their nose?
Eight minutes after one at five, 60 WQM.
I'll get to that thing about the French Canadians by the way.
Now what's your name that you're very upset about the story in City of Luzon?
A good close personal friend.
Your close personal friend Susan that used to work over there with us.
She didn't work at the Paxen but she worked in the same building.
What was that thing called?
Marketing Magic.
Marketing Magic with that asshole Jack.
Shit.
Mark.
What did you say?
I didn't say it.
Jack.
I said, Ball.
That guy didn't know Jack.
And you did.
Yeah.
What was that?
What was it?
Did this man just say what I thought he said?
Yes he did.
But that's what we called him over there.
Yeah, well he didn't know Jack.
Sprint.
But anyway, she wrote a column for CityLink Magazine about the stuff going on this weekend.
And one of the things is Canada Fest 99.
Oi!
And she starts out in the very first paragraph by saying if there's an unusual number of men walking on Hollywood beats with thongs exposing their cheeks,
then it must be the 15th annual Canada Fest.
And then she goes out and describes who's going to be there and what they're going to be doing.
And just based on that first paragraph because she talked about frogs with the bear cheeks.
And she said very darkly too I thought they want to, they're trying to get a rants fired.
Those fricking frogs.
Let me tell you this.
Okay, frogs.
Bandit Florida.
Go back to Charlie Bugo-Hombs.
We hate to like boys.
Go back to you cheap frog mass did you?
God.
By the way, did you notice that George said, huh?
Hell, it's after one is five sixty WQM if you try to guess what I'm going to have with you about that.
The rants Canadian.
You come here every year.
Oh!
Old stable soul.
Nice.
Stop it.
My flowing head summary.
The quiet thing I only had one eye.
Will you eat like pigs and you dress like slabs clog a highways with your car?
And?
Be really well.
The one thing worse than a restaurant is to see you win above.
Well worked.
God keep our stays.
Oh!
Since Canadian free.
I have one way to get on air Canada for the...
Oh, Florida.
Please make the frogs.
Oh, Florida.
All right.
One 14 at five sixty WQM.
So I just heard a staggering rumor which I'm sure must be true.
I think that was the one circling this rumor around the building if I'm not mistaken.
That there's another AM sports station going on here in this market like very very soon.
Wow.
Maybe they'll actually put the sports b- sports bitch on here, huh?
Wow, we'll be in big trouble and that's f-cking bit.
Yeah.
And maybe some of the people from here, maybe some of the people with the high squeaky voices from here,
will actually wind up over on that new sports station.
Man.
Can't you imagine some of the people upstairs if that turn out to be true?
Oh, they're going to have a heavy, heavy, duty weekend baby.
Woo!
Yeah!
We're going to have our own party, okay?
Screw their party.
We're having our own ratings party.
Oh!
We have an open line of day one in Broward, 5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT.
Hey, listen, here's about four sports nerds and chronic gamblers in this town to fill up the lines on two, uh, huh?
Oh yeah.
Hey, what about what's the number run at Geneva, a home art game, huh?
What's the number on that Albey in the college, uh, Holland Michigan game?
Here's the mobile and four-later deal. Hello?
Hey, you know, it's, yeah, I just wanted to, you made a comment earlier about Rick Weaver.
I'm not sure what you were looking for in an answer.
Well, not the one there.
I said you were this, but it's one of my Weaverisms, like the water balance sheet.
Yeah.
Well, the only thing I can make a comment on is I haven't listened to the radio at a dolphin game since Rick Weaver and Hank have done on this new guy Bill as a jerk and, and I think that the bandage is such a home where I can't even stand him, even though he's an ex-jocke.
Yeah, I mean, the bandage is a home, though.
No, Homer.
Oh, Homer, Homer, Homer.
Yeah.
But I mean, as far as the, you know, I can manage.
Not really.
I think that he gets over, he goes a little overboard.
Yeah.
I think that really truly the best team that they had for the longest time was Rick Weaver and Hank over here.
Hank was great on there and weaver, of course, was a pro, but in the last couple of years he started, you know, they had a good, you know, a good road map of Tom where he was, but he was still better in the Zimper.
That's true.
In fact, well, he was having the personal problems, too, I think it didn't really help him as far as doing a good broadcast, but even though he had all those Rick Weaverisms, whatever you call him, I still think he was a lot better.
And running back, I'm turning the cracks into big holes.
Yeah.
That's a good line. I've never heard that one before.
There you go.
Listen, all of a sudden, he didn't Mississippi. I'll send him a letter for you.
Thank you.
Have a great day.
Yeah, he was good, we broke.
Okay, he smelled bad. He was a really egotistical strange guy, but he was, he was good.
He had a distinctive flare as opposed to, you know, the guy we got out. He was like a voice out of a box somewhere, basically.
We have an open line in date one and Broward, five six seven, oh five 60, pound five 60 on the 18 T wireless line.
Anybody out there going to inspire reports on the new sports station that's going on very soon?
No, let's hear it.
Especially before the weekend comes.
Let's get these guys upstairs just all over the place, man.
Come, Mr. Wipple over the weekend, George. Monday morning, you're going to have to extra rolls all over this place.
Boy, they're going to be crappin' in their pants.
Greg Reed won't be seeing him all weekend. He'll be locked behind closed doors, going, boy.
If you need to know what it means, he thinks it's yo backwards.
He'll be going nuts.
Here's Kendall. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
What's up?
Have you ever known what's our one man to got shmandys? Got canned over Channel Tim?
I don't know what that was all about.
I don't know if it was canned or I know he's not on a weekend sports thing anymore, but I saw him on it with Jimmy Cifalus the other day.
They said after the Super Bowl that his contract was not renewed.
There's always a story behind the story.
I don't have to answer him about it, but certainly if he had to choose between him and Jimmy Cifalus, I mean, marriage is a thousand times better than Jimmy on a bad day.
Absolutely.
Yeah, of course he and Wayne are sisters.
I want me to Cifalus and the same pot takes rally.
What, what did he just say?
Something about Cifalus with Wayne on Wayne's ball spot.
I missed it.
Your phone's breaking up pal.
I was getting pretty interesting.
So the guy before said, man, this is a homo in this guy says Jimmy Cifalus has got.
Wayne's ball spot on his back to two open lines in date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a lady mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Neil, hi. Sorry I'm paying a toll. Anyway, I'm calling about the comment about the African Americans.
By the way, hi to my good friend. What's your name over there on the tool booth?
Okay, well, I'm calling it automatic.
So what, I have a question for you.
It's the term, if the exact terminology for white people is Caucasian.
Yeah.
And what would it be for black people?
What's the last time you ever called somebody a Caucasian?
Um, not often.
Yeah. Maybe you checked that box or something.
If you were going to be sure.
In other words, if you were going to ask somebody who committed a crime.
Was that person white or black?
You would never say was that person Caucasian or African American?
Would you ever say that?
No.
No.
No.
I'm just wondering if there is another term.
I'm in business and I sometimes deal with black people.
How about Spook?
I really don't think that was the name.
It's a lot easier to say than African American.
I agree.
I say a nice, non-silver word like cool and or spook.
I say let's go with it.
Right, right.
But I, you know, I'm in sales.
I'm trying to sell to these people.
So I'm trying to.
Or maybe I don't want to be PC.
But yeah.
I'm having a dark.
How about the dark complex.
Okay, I'll try that one.
How about pigment pig mentally challenged in America?
I think that was balanced.
Okay.
Have a great day, sweetheart.
You'd say hi to all your white friends.
Okay, we have an open lot.
I mean, you never refer to somebody white as a Caucasian.
It's ridiculous.
Any more than you'd refer to somebody with yellow skin as an Asian or oriental.
I mean, or you're always giving me that.
I don't care what you say.
I didn't make it up.
But look at how easily that works.
If you say gook, I mean, don't you know exactly what we mean?
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
And I never heard anybody bitch about that.
So if gook is good for the gander, then spook is good for the goose.
Because we don't have any gooks in the audience.
Hey, we got our friends up there at the Emerald Coast who are from Toronto and big Napoli fans by the way.
God, I love those people up there.
I didn't even know they were from Toronto.
I'm going into this weekend.
We're going to have one day this week, you know, tomorrow or Sunday.
Haven't been up there for a long time.
Now that I know we got some Napoli fans up there at Emerald Coast.
Might even wear my apron.
I may believe for Jersey in there, you think that would look good?
No, I don't think so.
Looks like a jackass.
Kind of looked juvenile.
I think I said before about this show, I don't want to be juvenile.
I want to be like a mature adult, okay?
I want to be one.
Oh, I can't wait for this new sports station.
God, why you actually have some interesting stuff on it?
Huh?
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Maybe put these baskets on their toes a little bit.
Ow!
Because I got my bonus check in my pocket, but all of it came from this show between 10 and 2.
Not one penny of it came from like the rest of the day and I'm pretty per-porked off about that.
Sounds to me like some people let us down and themselves as well.
I mean, we certainly could do- I don't know how their other deals work.
They're all intertwined.
Yeah, see how do you like that?
So we certainly did our best to help make them some extra money and if they didn't do it, they'll look at us.
Even if this is some kind of a goose ball show.
Here's a mobile informer.
Hello.
Neil Mann.
Yes, Mann.
Hey, you can call me a black, you know.
But I got something else to say.
How about cooling with that, buddy?
Jigaboo is pretty cool.
Jigaboo, that's not bad, but that's too many syllables.
Jigaboo, how about spook? Spook's not bad.
Jigaboo's spook's spook's spook's spook's spook's spook's spook.
Charter, yeah.
I do like Sparts it though.
You gotta admit, Yiddish has got a great sound with Sparta.
Hey, take this out, buddy.
Another guy got exposed from a Republican party like yesterday.
Yeah, man.
Who's that?
I forgot his name, but he was like a fit in the case for impeachment.
He said, how could he be a womanizing all this crap?
Yeah.
Meanwhile, his wife is sitting there and then his girlfriend
sitting in the same, in the same, the same, the same long place.
The Senate here is a room.
Yeah.
And it's sitting in the inquire room.
And I just thought, you know.
Well, how come it's not in the mainstream media yet?
Well, well, Gerardo was talking about it last night.
Yeah.
Gerardo's black too.
And he's a Puerto Rican too, by the way.
Is it?
And Jewish.
They can make Jigaboo stew out of him too.
Exactly.
All right, bro.
If you don't watch his ass.
Okay, have a great day, sir.
Well, so what was that all about?
So we better get the inquire and find out which one of these fascists
has been screwing around again.
Oh, and it was a great moment yesterday, which I'm sure you weren't watching.
And there was a little disturbance in the gallery.
And they took the 75th vote on whether we should have, you know,
they voted.
We didn't want Monica in person because she's a slut and smells bad.
And we didn't want this and we did want that.
And then when he finally voted the thing on bringing in a video tape
and allowing that, some old fart up in the gallery yells out,
why don't you take a final vote and get it over with her?
And it was like this hushed silence like, ugh.
And that fascist Renquist said, you know, please,
please restore order of the gallery.
And of course they probably yank this guy out.
You won't see him no more.
Right.
Don't mess your mind in the gallery of the United States Senate.
Okay.
While they're doing their due diligence and hold a little deliberations
and trying to bring this to closure.
Right.
While they're trying to close it.
We have an open line of date, five, six, seven.
And let's have the count time.
I mean, one week from today, even at that's the last one.
I'm just swishing a Trent Laud with his pom-poms.
His next Thursday or Friday at the latest by noon.
Okay.
So we're less than a week away.
We're an hour and 24 minutes at the most at the outside.
From getting all of this absolute unmitigated crap all over with.
Thank God.
Jesus.
You think, and they did that position again.
Did anybody in the three of them say anything new?
No.
Did they change their story?
No.
With their anything significant that we haven't already had 85,000 times.
No.
Is there anything different going to be seen on the videotapes tomorrow?
No.
But they just cling and cling.
Like one, I just won't, you know, that won't fall off your act of cling on.
Yeah.
Get that baby in the bowl and let's get on with life already.
Okay.
Look at all the trees they have to knock down to give you enough paper to get rid of that cling on.
You know, just wiggle it.
It'll get out of there.
Maybe.
125 at 560 WQAM.
Hey, if you're...
You've been to traditional horror houses and you've tried the local Escort service.
But the big problem with pieces, you're a real busy guy and your life moves real fast.
You don't have all that time it takes for your horn to get undressed, get ready, do the job, and then get paid.
You just want to get in, get out, get in and out, in and out, and then go.
Well, then you're going to love this.
It's the all new hump and go.
The prostitution station you've been dreaming of.
Once you drive up to a hump and go, you'll see an escalator at the front door.
Hop on.
At the top of the escalator, you'll see one of our many fine prostitutes already to go.
Once again, hop on.
Hump and go also has pay at the hump service too.
On the headboard, you'll see a little slot for your credit card.
Once you're done, just slide the card in and you're ready to go.
It's the all new hump and go.
The fastest f***ing thing in town.
Thank you.
Okay, 130 WQAM.
I was busy throwing a lot of stuff.
Okay, because I like to clean the joint up even though nobody else uses it.
But just slabs out there, those guys that weren't here last week.
Slabs.
Anyway, here's the fact that there's going to be another sports station in the market.
Maybe we could have Phil Henry on the satellite 10 p.m. to 2 a.m. every weeknight.
Are you sure?
Are you sure?
Are you sure?
Are more people listening to QM for next to four hours?
Excellent point.
Maybe they'll have a gambling show on the other station, you see?
Huh?
Would they do that real micro-neurocasting when they go out and do stuff like dog tracks and highlights?
Only one.
Like I said, maybe they'll have eight or nine of those shows on the other station.
We have an open line in the Broward, 56670560, 0560.
So I guess this piece of news we have today probably opens the door for all those other rumors about Rick and Ted's coming over here in doing mornings.
Wouldn't you think?
And then like this fact said, in the Phil being on their 10 o'clock at night till 2 in the morning with the simulcast from your show.
Are you sure?
I think that's what's happening.
Here's a mobile in Naples.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
I don't know if anybody's brought this point up or not.
No.
But when the slaveboats brought blacks from Africa, they would drop them off in Jamaica and out in Haiti.
And that's how, really, if you think about it, all blacks originate from Africa.
And you look at all those blacks in Haiti and in Jamaica, they don't call themselves African-Germany or African-Hadies.
Exactly.
That's my point.
There's no such thing.
Nobody would ever dream of saying I'm an African-Hation.
You know, that's something that was made up in this country.
You know, just made up by white people in this country.
So you're never forget that.
Made up by a bunch of honkeys.
It's just like if you really think about it, there's only four races.
White, black, Asian, and Indian.
Yeah.
And you look on an application anywhere you go for an application, they have under race.
But what about Puerto Ricans?
Hispanic and you know, and that's not a race.
That's a culture.
Yeah.
So I think it's all messed up.
Okay, I have a great day.
Good point.
Whatever he said.
He said it's one big happy family is what he said.
Nobody's talking about it.
Yeah, I'm on.
We have an open line at day five six seven, eight five, six, eight, okay.
Rick Weaver or Bill Zimfer, all right.
How about that new sports station, huh?
Oh!
Woo!
Man.
Just what they needed to get this complacent Greg Readoff is at.
The big sports shot here, you know.
Mister hot shot.
I got all the sports franchises.
It's only costed in a 60 million a year.
That's right.
That's why all the underlings here can't make enough money to scrape together to buy a damn sandwich.
Because he's got to give Wayne all the money from this joint.
Nice going, Eric.
Oh!
Can you imagine if the real studios we can have in this place with equipment that work?
If we weren't given quality all that money for most of this marginal craft.
I mean, the only thing we got on this station that draws an audience as far as sports is that often.
That's the only sporting event that we have on this station that draws an audience.
And even their numbers, since they, you know, they cymbal cast on power,
which was absolutely ridiculous, but, you know, they insisted on that.
A lot of the NFL teams are insisting that with their radio broadcast, it must be on AMN, your FM also.
And they said, okay.
So that, and of course, also being on CMQ in Spanish.
And almost every game on television.
So by the time you narrow that down, it doesn't leave too much of the pie left over, baby.
Just a little tiny hair pie.
So there you go.
But that's okay because, you know, the man up there, he's obsessed.
I wouldn't be surprised if he wears a jock strap.
You know, he's always in it.
Nobody knows what he's doing in there.
He's probably running around with a jock strap, shooting hoops, you know.
With his walkman on, listening to broadcasts of games from 10 years ago.
Because he looks real athletic to me.
Here's a mobile and Delray Beach.
Hello.
Hey.
Yes, sir.
Good day.
How are you doing?
Good day.
I got a good thing.
Ebony.
That's it.
Plain Ebony.
Ebony.
Ebony.
And then all you can eat, and then if you could say, oh, you can eat Negro.
Yeah.
That's all, Neil.
Okay, thank you.
Okay, can we play that?
No.
Too long.
Overline in the Broward.
How come we're not getting no black folks out there calling and telling us what they got to be called?
Okay?
Because they don't, quite frankly, they don't care.
I don't think most of them give a crap.
Now, seriously, they don't care about politically correct bull crap.
They would like to have so few meals on a table.
They'd like to be making a hell of a lot more money, living a much better neighborhood.
They would like a good education.
They would like things that most people would like, as opposed to who gives a crap what we call them to make them feel better or about themselves or make us.
I think the African-American thing is the thing to make white people feel better about it.
I mean, Negro, you know, Negro, some reminds me of like Stephen Fetchie, you know.
Old black sample.
That's Negro.
And black, you know, black, black is a black.
Isn't that what the song said?
Black is frickin' black?
That would have been it.
That should have been the end of the changes, okay?
We move from Niggardly to Negro to wasn't that a derivation?
What the guy said the other day?
What a moron you are, sir.
Yeah, Niggardly.
Well, that's a derivation of the way I write.
You're a derivation of a species.
Here's Margie.
Hello.
Hey, Niggard, what are you doing?
Great.
I just wanted to call you.
It's been a long time.
I've been able to call you.
I wanted to thank you for the dolphin playoff ticket to Gay Meals while I was one of the lucky guys who got one.
All right.
And a couple of things.
Next week I'm going to take my wife to Ruth Chris for the first time.
Excellent choice.
What do you recommend?
Well, whatever you like.
You like a ribeye?
No.
No.
You like a big fat juicy steak?
No, you never had a ribeye steak, though, sir.
Probably not.
ribeye steak.
Trust me.
I know it doesn't sound believable.
That's the tastiest.
The juiciest, the best ribeye steak.
You get you some like the barbecued shrimp and a big fat ribeye steak with some of the side dishes like the spinach or broccoli,
Algroton and the Yugo nuts.
Okay.
Fantastic.
Listen, my five year old probably knows more about hockey and a lot of these fans.
Here at the spot check to everybody.
But he's got something to say to you real quick.
Okay.
Okay.
I knew it was nice to meet you.
And nice to meet you, sir.
A little bit of notion in the basket.
How come I knew he was going to say it puts the lotion in the basket.
Thank you, sir.
God bless you.
Have a good one.
Okay.
We have an open line in power.
567.0560.
So we're going to have every kid in America.
Every guy kid in the world is going to be running around saying it puts the lotion in the basket.
And the adults are going to be saying say what?
Say what?
Come on, get with it already.
Wait a minute.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Here's a mobile in Key Largo.
Hello.
We're training them early now.
Yes, we are.
Hey, yeah, they got it all wrong.
They're pronouncing it wrong.
It's not African American.
It's a freaking American.
A freak?
Yeah.
Is that AFRIQUE?
Hey, anyways.
You know, I thought this was a big joke with a river being the chief of the river.
I think it was a big joke man, but did you ever watch the tape of the Montreal game?
I know you went to it.
The tape of the Montreal game?
No.
Did you rewatch again?
No.
He had a bad guy.
Why would I rewatch again?
I don't know.
He interviewed a guy.
I think he was a journalist from Edmonton and Jim Matheson or something.
No.
He says, always a good friend of his, of course.
And the guy said, no, Jim Houston probably from Vancouver.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
He was a name.
Yeah.
Well, he, they're older to see Pauvell, of course.
Right.
And he said, well, if you were staying longer, he says, I'd take you out golfing.
And the guy says, well, he says, uh, you know, I mean, we have 67 spy reports on this.
Something about going out to dinner and then Rimmer fell out of the pool with you.
They finally gave it up.
Yeah.
Okay.
Well, that's it.
And have a great day, sir.
What about those meals, Rimmer?
They stuck.
We have an open line in date, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
22-till-2 at QAM.
You know, one of the most critical decisions you'll ever make is who to choose as your realtor.
If you're buying or selling, who you choose is crucial for, of course.
If you're buying a homeless person needs to know the neighborhood you're going to be moving into,
like the school, the church is the resources.
If selling, you need somebody who can successfully negotiate to protect the investment you've got in your house.
So go see the difference between ordinary and extraordinary service.
Call the Joan and Rob Zucker team a cold well banker real estate.
Joan Rob Chris David Becky in Bernadine make up cold well bankers, number one sales team in Broward County.
They've got over 40 years combined service.
And these folks can help you find a relocation at home of your dreams.
And even though they specialize in West Broward areas like Weston and Coral Springs and out in my way in plantation in the acres,
they can help you in all three counties.
I'm going to come to selling.
Nobody anywhere has got a better success rate at getting the price you're selling at.
In fact, the Zucker team receives on average 97.3% of the list price on all of homes they market.
So call the Zucker, Cold Well Banker team today, 1-800-557-5698,
or email them at homesUSA at AOL.com.
Joan and Rob Zucker of Cold Well Banker real estate.
You'll find them in the fountain shops of plantation or call them again.
Here's that toll free number 1-800-557-5698.
This is 560-2-A-L.
Choose your favorite time-waister standing in line for Marlon's World Series ticket.
Hang in around the house waiting for the price patrol or sitting in your practically new car waiting to have your admission chest.
Tonight at 11, Jamson, I witness news investing in Florida's vehicle inspection system,
what we found was an old system that has very little to do with the environment and a lot to do with money.
Jamson says, is live, local, late breaking, so not at all other.
I'm here, don't wait for me.
She's an immortal thief.
I feel because I like it.
Armed with a sword, and a never ending loss or a censure.
So sooner.
Quest to distress, John.
Peckle mag, commuter, do mag.
No.
That's long as she does in peace in her hands.
You're charging me after next time.
I'm a leader of three such weeks.
Saturday night at 11.30 on the one and only channel set.
Hop aboard the fun ships of Carnival Cruise Lines for their WCWNWO Bruce Cruise 99.
Join the Nitro Girls, Buff Bagwell and other WCWNWO Superstars for an action packed 4-day cruise.
The MSXC set sail from Miami on Monday, May 17th and returns Friday, May 21st.
Port of calling through three-ported NASA and the Buffamas.
It's a party at Beyond National TV.
Live cutting segments from the MSXC will air on Monday Nitro from our very own Nitro party.
Plus, be a part of a live paperview taping of Nitro's favorite sweetheart.
The Nitro Girls, Bitter WCWNWO Bruce Cruise 99.
This is one of the so-called now 189297894.
For log on to www.com.
For information on how to reserve a cabin now on the most popular cruise line in the world.
Since Rutherford, Sri Labyrinth and Carnival, Cards of the Dachshade.
Get on board the Bruce Cruise now.
Call 1-800-WCWNW5894 to reserve your cabin.
Where do you find a Goldberg?
White where you got it.
Hey, support radio 560 QA-10.
I am not a Nazi.
If you're a young beautiful girl who's at least an 8 out of 10 and has a mouth-to-same score for IQ,
Bill Clinton has a police for you.
It's the school for underprivileged kids building immediate learning.
Suck Bill for sure.
At Suck Bill, your little girls will be educated in all the fine arts they will make them a success in today's Clinton world.
They'll enjoy such guest teachers as Ted Kennedy.
This semester will be broken up into two parts.
We will be doing giggling and jiggling.
And which one do you girls have to want to start with?
It looks like we'll be doing jiggling.
So if you're a little cutie, but you're a little short on brains,
Suck Bill will give you all the skills you need to go down all the way to the top.
I'm sorry little girl.
What did you say?
I said, how am I doing Mr. Kennedy?
I think you're getting the point to quite well.
Suck Bill or someone else will call today.
142, thank you so much.
At 560 WQM, by the way, we've got a note to filter down.
It wants to come down the shaft from a bend over our program director.
What did I decide to call him?
Bend down.
Mr. Bend down.
And he said, by the way, always knew you were a genius,
but you're right about Chelsea's boyfriend.
Okay, let's go to a four-mire.
Hello.
Neil Mackin.
Yes, sir.
My sophomore year in school had a non-cocasian,
now bino-south-African and became an naturalized American citizen.
Yeah, I was.
I was maintained that he was a black white South African American,
but he said no that he was really a black white South African American.
Yeah.
I think Caucasian sometimes is straight in that stuff out.
How about just Oreo, my dude, the job?
Okay, we have an open line in Bradford, day to wherever in the hell.
It's five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty.
I say, let's keep it to one syllable words.
Okay, one syllable words, spook, guk, kite, spick, nick.
What?
There you go.
Pull my pull-off.
You can't pull-off's too good.
You know, pull doesn't do the job unless it's Willis.
Huh?
That's what the Pope said.
Pull doesn't do the job.
Okay, let's do a mobile in candle.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, there already is another sports station.
There's a station up in Miami Spring,
Samo Kasi, one on one sports.
Remember to hell that is.
Well, wait a minute.
So in other words, that's the station they were referring to with all these big rumors going on around here?
Well, this one's been on the year for quite a while.
And nobody ever even heard of it.
It's got about five watts.
You can, once you get past the 112 expressway or once you get past the word.
Well, that's your final answer.
You got the worst information to what are they blew about a clear channel, huh?
Yeah.
And the other thing I'm calling about,
did you hear about the isolated incident yesterday?
No.
Another one.
A good AME minister, which is the Schwarzscher Church,
got in trouble for dittling with a yellow.
You know who does that yellow?
You're a yellow.
From somewhere between Oak, from O'Callard, a Tampa.
Yeah.
So I did that.
Thanks for the good news and put you up.
Okay, we have an open-line at Broward, 5667-0560,
only 18 to your wireless line.
Yeah, we got one of a bag, kike,
spick,
mick,
chink,
chink,
or jam,
chink,
here's a mobile in Miami Beach.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm a long time listening.
I called you one time.
When you were literally in some chick,
made a fucking elevator, remember that?
Yeah, I'm on.
Do you remember that I can still smell it?
Yeah.
Well, listen, I don't know what sort of these people.
I'm labeled a New York Reacon.
Now, I always thought I was an American.
Yeah.
And they call me a New York Reacon.
I go to Puerto Rico.
I'm a New York Reacon.
I go to New York.
I'm a spick.
I'm a man with no land.
Yeah, sir.
Let me give you a little piece of the rice.
I whip out that swishblade one time.
Wave it in front of their purse.
They'll call you Mr. Renote time.
Have a great day, pal.
Hey, I got a car for you.
Hey, I hit the car for you.
There's no fact in Key West.
All right.
That's what I hear.
We have nobody want to go to Key West.
Do you have any idea?
I mean, if we want to be around a lot of fags,
just go to South Beach or I can just go home.
I mean, what's the point?
There's topless women there, too.
Oh, now that's the new deal.
That's straight people besides Todd's Coleman.
Go to Key West.
Is that what you're saying?
Damn it.
I'm sorry.
No, I really don't understand that.
I mean, if you want to get south, there's plenty of places here you can do it without going all the way down there.
And then we're going to Tulane Highway to Hell.
Is it deck rate down there?
It says worth taking your life in your hands.
To drive that highway down there.
No way.
Here's a lady mobile in Cooper City.
Hello.
Hello, yes.
I'm a little bit annoyed at you.
About what?
Because I'm Jamaican by birth.
And I don't become the sending term.
Don't start calling me son.
I didn't call you son.
But anyway, Neil, I don't hear you want upwind when they started calling.
Two months, Cuban Americans.
Or Italian started to start.
I never called anybody Cuban American or American.
I don't understand there was no uproar there.
I said, wow.
And when Italian started calling themselves second generation.
Second rate citizens.
That's when they finally stand there.
They're going to turn that around.
That's right.
That's right.
That's second rate no more sweetheart.
Second.
That's going to be a big of still coming.
You know, I just think that is unfair for you to target African Americans.
Because what's wrong with me?
Because what's wrong with someone calling somebody African American?
No, let me ask you this question.
Seriously.
Have you ever heard anybody called a Canadian African or African Canadian?
No, I have never heard that.
Well, why not?
Aren't there black people in Canada?
Yes, but that's still a positive.
But this is a market.
If we choose to call these people African Americans.
So in other words, you can't.
I am African American.
Is that what you're saying?
That's what I'm exactly what I'm saying.
And what is wrong with that?
I mean, as you call it, even in America, I mean, there are African Americans.
But wait a minute.
Do I call myself like an American, an American fag, an American, uh, what is that?
That's what you choose to call yourself.
Well, no, and I would listen.
If you want to call yourself, that'd be my guess.
But I don't think most black people woke up one day and said, hey, I be African American.
They didn't say that.
That was the white establishment invented that.
And not all of that.
So here's a new label for you.
I think you speak in correct grammar probably.
And you always seem to put them in a negative fashion.
Put more in a negative fashion.
Did you make wounds?
Do you think?
I said, have a nice weekend.
We have an open line at Broward, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and pound 5, 60 on the 18th.
Well, what was your point?
Does anybody know what it was?
No.
No.
She was just a little worked up.
She'll be alright.
She was a nice lady.
At least she wasn't condescending.
That thing about the gym.
Maybe it's just in their voice.
You know that tone in their voice?
Where they talked to you like, uh, like just be patient with me because I'll take my, you know, uh.
Oh, man.
There's that very sneering looking down your nose kind of thing with the Jamaican women, man.
Just, uh, now she was okay.
I mean, even though what she was saying was holy crap, but she was nice.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
No.
Yes, sir.
Did you read the article about the article that a yoghours can, uh, struck and contributes his gold in playing a building better by playing with yogurt?
Yeah, well, of course.
You agree with that?
Well, financially, I mean, look at Kip Miller and Jan Herdina.
They changed the lines and all of a sudden those guys are scoring goals.
But the fact is that even after he's on another line, now, yoghours struck is still playing great.
But, but naturally that's going to be a part of it.
Okay.
Don't you think that Whitney and the Needamara are going to be playing a hell of a lot better in score more, but they're already are than now that Buri is here.
Right.
When you play with greatness, it brings out the best.
If you've got it, if you don't have it, it doesn't make any difference who you play with.
So to speak.
So do you like tonight now?
Who do I like?
Why you want to bet on the game?
Yeah, what's the number on that Panthers peg with me?
Oh, my God.
Now they burst my bubble.
They're talking about that.
Fire that Jeff high.
As soon as he comes in, he starts spreading bad rumors.
Some other sports station going on the air and he's spreading rumors that this one's going over there and Joe's going there and Hank's going there.
Hank decided to do four-year deal here.
He's not going anywhere.
I'll be honest with you.
What they're doing to him, it'll be lucky if we can keep on live for four years.
They keep slipping them around these places.
It's 11 before two at five, 60.
Let me see if my face is feeling fine right now.
Okay, for those who are keeping track.
How about my neck?
How's it looking in there?
Looking okay?
It's good as it was this morning.
Good.
Great. There you go.
Okay, let's hear it for my good doctor Fred over there at...
Hey, look, clinic.
Dr. Posh Goodyak.
It's a good guy.
He's good enough for the Panthers.
In fact, he said to me yesterday, he's in the middle of examining me, he said,
boy, if you ever saw Pavel Burry naked.
And I said, yeah, I need just kind of snickered.
Hey, if you're feeling lucky speaking of that, there's action 24 hours today at Hollywood Seminole Gaming,
which is given away more than a billion dollars since the open of 1979,
and you could be the next big winner.
I'll share two of the women on you and cut she in your high five one look.
If I happen to, your defenders would have chocolate.
That's better.
Valentine's party day.
I'll be not a cloud.
Treat the ones who love to the known weekends.
Ring your mind and trend out all your lonely good friends.
Because Valentine's all the jungle one night at the outback is no rules just right.
The app that opens the new one on Valentine's something.
Out.
