Sport Radio 560 WQAM IAMI 4th Lauderdale presents the Neil Roger Show.
To talk to Neil called 560 560 toll free for data.
If early on the count 560 on your cell phone, the opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions or the Beasley Grudcast.
Now Neil Rogers on Sport Radio 560 QAM Friday you first in...
...and you can do the outs, a whole J in the little team.
We be your sports doctor.
What do you mean, little man?
I mean my breakfast, what's up with you? You haven't touched your sausage.
I don't have enough.
Here, use mine.
Kill out, baby. I said enough, not a machete.
Well, I always keep one hand in case I encounter those Colombians who are killed my wife.
Ha ha ha ha. Yeah, like you would be looking forward, though.
That's right. I know we'll show up on the golf course one day.
Speaking of that, did you hear about the meat tree that's on the world?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Joey, you haven't eaten them all by themselves.
He should have gave me a call. I do the job right.
Like Sassan Devil's Hand.
Oh, get you devil, you.
By the way, I'd like to take this opportunity to thank the Water Naturally and Roy.
To give it us this opportunity of the Heaven O'ones show.
No, no, no, we can squat at the water, Nancy.
What you be talking about?
He was outside the stadium the other day.
I saw him squatting in the parking lot.
Well, when you got to go, you got to go.
Hey, she went all right in every way.
And she was squatting and dipping and twisting and pissing.
And leaving super-deaders.
Now I understand.
And all this time, I thought I'd be chicken and alligator.
Who's that? Who'd that be?
Who'd that be over there?
That's the Pope ran, director.
What do you want?
What do you want?
You know you may act big.
Get out of here, you whore.
Who's there?
Nick Tho'Nine, a WQA in.
Thank you.
10 out of 2 at 560 WQM.
So every time we think that maybe this thing might be fading into oblivion.
Something new and disgusting and embarrassing.
Roy comes facing us.
I don't want to see who brought this to my attention this morning,
but I have in my hand the...
What do they call this section?
Like a weekend section in the Herald?
Yes.
Nightlife, page 21G.
As the embarrassment continues,
you see there's no level of embarrassment that can affect,
that can get through, that can penetrate,
the thick skull of the general manager of this radio station.
No level of humiliation, embarrassment, degradation.
It just makes no difference.
It just rubs off like a water off a ducts...
Correct, don't.
Yeah.
So they've got four pictures.
You know, it's one of these glitzy, you know,
plastic pages with the who is here and who is where
one of these social kind of crap pages.
And speaking of crap, the fourth picture down on the bottom.
There are five assholes sitting at a dinner table.
And the caption says,
Sam Duque, Pedro Guerrero,
O.J. Simpson, Christine Prote,
and Roy Foster at the ass store.
Having dinner.
Now maybe there might be a sixth member in this group,
but she's probably under the table at the moment.
You know, the world's number one liar.
So we continue being a bearing.
I mean, the psychosis and the crap that's going on.
See if this were a real company in a real radio station,
there'd be at least one, maybe a couple of heads
that would have rolled over this,
been long gone from here already, days ago.
But here we are a week later.
And it's gone for a minute.
And you'll remember way back in a big deal,
when Tracey Carostato came to me, I said,
no thanks, I get nothing about golf.
I don't want to be associated with this.
We're going to do just a fine job for Center One,
which starts today, by the way,
with our season cassettes and our first appearance
at specs and the sawgrass noon to two tomorrow.
We'll do just fine.
We'll raise a lot of money.
I don't want to get involved in something that I don't know
anything about, that I don't want to be involved in.
And put it in the hands of other people.
And as it turned out,
putting it in the hands of these assholes was a disaster.
Even the Japanese aren't seeing as much fallout
from that radiation,
from that nuclear plant accident they had yesterday.
They're not seeing as much fallout as we're seeing from this mess.
And then, of course, let me say it again.
One of the world's top five assholes,
San Duque, gets under on TV last weekend,
last Friday night.
And proudly announces that he's standing there next to a famous person,
a celebrity, OJ Simpson,
that we raised $25,000 for Center One at this golf tournament.
Did we raise $25,000 for Center One?
No.
There was a total of $25,000 that was collected,
but somewhere along the line,
maybe it got shuffled in the bookkeeping.
I really don't know.
I can't point any accusatory fingers.
But a lot of people around here are kind of like wondering out loud.
They're going like, hey, Neil, this is Randy Webb.
Yeah, like that.
And they're wondering, just, well, you know,
it's early in the day.
Where the hell do the other 23 grand go?
Because Center One, out of all of this aggravation,
out of all of this scandal,
got about two grand.
And the only monies that they got were from like the raffle
and the silent auction that they had.
The money that came down from all the people who played in the golf tournament,
I, and nobody can tell me where that money went.
Oh, for expenses, expenses.
Okay.
So we've been subjected to just a divisive, psychotic, I mean,
I wish you could have seen the scene that was going on here yesterday,
sponsored related, by the way,
all associated with this golf tournament and OJ,
and the assholes who subjected this place to it.
It's unbelievable.
And it's incredible that you could work in a company where there's just,
it just avoid.
There was no leadership here, baby.
There's a vacuum, a vacuum between the ears.
And every, every reasonable, responsible person in this building knows
that I'm telling it the way it is.
They know what I'm talking about.
They know that we got four or five people in this place who operate with impunity.
They can do whatever the hell they want.
They can cause sponsor cancellations, cost this money.
They can go in the media and lie.
They could, they could be out there with Jack, the goddamn ripper in public.
Again, dragging this radio station down into the mud along with them.
And nothing's going to happen.
I mean, either it's the naked pictures I'm always joking about,
or maybe there's just that much of a vacuum between the ears and the management of this place.
It's got to be one or the other.
You can't possibly be oblivious.
People in this place are foaming at the mouth about all of this.
Just this picture this morning was like taking rubbing salt in the wounds
of all the same people in this place, which there are a few of us.
Cleaning to some degree of sanity in the midst of an embarrassing, humiliating place.
I just don't get it. I don't understand it.
When does it end? When does it stop?
When does this OJ disease get cleaned out?
I mean, I know we don't have an exterminator even for bugs in this joint because that cost money.
And the beastly people don't want to spend any money if they don't have to.
They can get away with it.
Just like this phone system that we're talking about,
I had that meeting the much touted meeting with Greg Read on Tuesday.
And now come to find out three days later, it was all lip service.
Nothing's happening.
Our engineer is walking around like that.
It's astonishing. It's just amazing.
And like I said a few days ago, this place, they don't like prosperity.
They just don't like it.
Things are going much too well here.
Let's see if we can't go out in the Everglades with those crazy Cubans and shoot ourselves in the feet a few times.
And they're doing a hell of a job of a baby.
Oh yeah, they're doing a super job.
Shooting themselves in a goddamn feed.
Some of us are just speechless.
And then when I watch some of the underlings here who are willing to suck up to the assholes like Sam Duque
because you get them a couple of free tickets to a ballgame or something, shame on you people, okay?
You're just as bad as he is.
Some of the little pipsquakes around here.
Like dogs and cats waiting around for a little for a scrap.
Like you know, like pigeons sitting in a park waiting for a scrap of bread.
People with no principal, people with no, of course, their children.
So what difference in they? What do you expect?
But the adults in this joint are humiliated and burst, degraded, grossed out, nauseated by a solid week of OJ Simpson disease.
That's caused a lot of grief and a lot of anguish and a lot of crack in this building.
Sponsors, people on the air. Those of us associated with center one.
Everybody who was in any way involved in this thing.
Everybody who was on the air promoting that thing.
9 minutes after 10 at 5.50 WQM, you're rely as much as we can get away with it station.
WQAF is proud to bring you the WQAM School of Broadcasting.
Yes, you too can have an illustrious career in the wonderful World of Radio.
If you follow our curriculum, the course is free.
Of course, you'll work for free.
Call 1-800-1-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-
We have the Zoro's Beginners for us. We, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we,
we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we and every day to the Grüffără – plie-hără.
And鸽
No I
want see to think
and so whole day
This is a
wonderful world of
radio
Oh Baby
where you can hear your own voice. Let the WQAM School of Broadcasting provide you with the
essential tools you'll need to make your wet radio dreams come true. I mean a one-one
two. Where will you lose your audio? Exactly. 1015 at 560 WQM. So anyway, somebody would just
tell me Hank said the other day and I would echo the sentiments that he is a lot of sand having
anything to do with the show in any way shape or form. And of course I will say the same although
quite frankly he don't do anything to the show anyway. Nothing or for any other show for that matter.
You're an asshole Sam. You're despised and detested by all with a brain and even a tiny ball
in this building. You're nauseating. Why you're here is the greatest mystery in the history of mankind.
And then of course there is Roy which we all know what that's all about. I guess it's called
Stubfies. I mean we've got you know people think that I make this stuff up. Anybody that would see
what goes on the international nations in this building it's unconscionable. It's unprecedented
in the history of the business. Any business. Monkey business. We're a man just allows with all
the revenue that's coming through this place. How much money is Sam bringing in here? Is he bringing
in any money? No. You got any rating? No. How about a Roy? Has he sold any accounts since he's been
here? No. What do you got any ratings? No. What's the claim to fame? For people going out of their
way to rub our collective noses and all of this OJ crap. What does it take to convey the message?
We're not impressed. We're not interested. We're disgusted. We're embarrassed. We're humiliated.
We're grossed out. We don't want anything to do. Just like most other decent people from coast to
coast. Not only coast to coast all around the world. Even in Europe when he tried to hide his
nose there they said basically go to hell away. We want nothing to do with you.
Not because I'm a hard ass or hanker anybody else. It's virtually the entire building except
the course for some of those sports nerds I was talking about yesterday who all they know about
is oh guess what the mess lost again last night. Thank God.
I was going to like start off with the Jesse Ventura stuff which I have all thanks by the way
our good buddy Eric with our website who's on top of everything. He likes it on top he said.
Facts has made the whole thing about Jesse Ventura and I mean you know something it's thank God
for Jesse Ventura. Jesse the body baby he's our man more than ever. I don't know why because he
doesn't back down. He's not one of these people as well when I really met with this so when I
really met to say it was sad and I didn't want to offend anybody but no he said I don't
have that back down from my statements and he said the religious people they're always talking
about forgiveness so they'll forgive me that's their big thing but the Catholic League and
this league and the religious nuts they're all psychotic and pissed off.
Meantime is approval rating last month in Minnesota as governor was 73% a record high never
anybody in history has had a number like that. And the exact quote in his playboy interview was
after saying he wants to be reincarnated as a side 38 double d bra
I mean how can anybody you know how can any heterosexual guy argue with that.
He blamed organized religion for the unpopularity of legalized prostitution which he said is
to be should be considered legalized weed legalized prostitution this is my kind of candidate
wants us to be a real country live in a real goddamn world like in the Netherlands.
He says organized religion is a sham and a crutch for weak-minded people who need strength in
numbers it tells people to go out and stick their noses and other people's business he later
added the religious right wants to tell people how to live. He and his wife carry our members
of a local church however they don't frequently go there as in maybe never or close to it.
He says college athletes shouldn't have to take classes to play. He says if you go to college
to play football why don't they teach you how to deal with agents.
Of women's wrestling he says women's wrestling can thank silicone breast implants are what make
it popular before that it was right up there with midgets and added attraction.
About attractive women he says I've always been attracted to brunettes more than blondes. I
just he says I don't care for the ones who've had breast implants and they're a lip stun.
How do you like that?
I don't get two sets of lips. Yeah but so what do you think is doing
under the table at the answer in that picture they can just see her backside.
Have a little bit of an appetizer maybe.
21G in the herald this morning in the nightly on the nightlife page.
More embarrassment for 560 WQA. The embarrassment just never stops.
The OJ Simpson disease never stops.
And I'm speaking for a lot of people in this building like I said all the rational ones
when I tell you we're sick and tired of this crap.
We want nothing to do with him. We don't want to be associated with him.
We don't want to be associated with the sick people in this building who got their heads up his ass.
Not to mention any name. Roy!
Here's Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes sir.
I've been waiting with Bated Breast to see here you talk about how much money
Cedarland finally got. Yeah. You know it's called appearance money.
You don't think OJ played an arctic tournament for free do you?
I haven't got any idea where the other $23,000 went.
I can guarantee you that he was paid to be there.
No he wasn't paid if he was paid it was unbeknownst to this radio station
because it wasn't supposed to be there in the first place.
I'm at shop. If he played out of the goodness and kindness of his own.
No I think he played because he was invited because we have people in this building
who wanted to use him kind of like as a weapon and to show me and some other people
that they're going to do whatever the hell they want and that he's their buddy and they're
going to bring him in whether we want one. They've been told not to wear this.
It's like a game. It's like a contest here. It's like a prison contest.
That's what I'm going to show us. Like I said yesterday OJ Simpson is like a weapon.
For $300 ahead for center one to wind up with only $2,000 is up and for the promotions
directed to go on local television standing next to this murdering son of a bitch
and announced proudly that we raised $25,000 in this event for center one and to lie like
death through his teeth when he knows damn well that they only got about two grand.
There's something wrong here man. Where's the credibility of this radio station now?
Somebody's getting fat off that one.
Yeah where's our credibility? I guess we don't care about it.
Obviously not.
We'll bring in Charlotte Holmes Pound. Find out where they are the 23 grand.
$5670560.560 on the AT&T wireless line is this business just goes on and on and on.
I shouldn't say where it stops. Nobody knows because it's never going to stop
because the guy that has the ability and the authority and the power to stop it he won't do anything.
You know he's still running around.
Yeah.
Oh gee wasn't that bad. Was it oil?
I wasn't. Mr. play everything down because you might actually have to take some affirmative action
and do something.
Can't do it. Just can't do it.
Week. Week would be a compliment.
Here's a mobile and Pembert Pine. Hello.
Hello Neil. Yes sir.
I think your first color headed on ahead there.
He didn't do that Gulf Form of for nothing.
And I would think there'd be a paper trail somewhere.
I don't think I have to come forward that money one two to either.
I would assume so. I don't know.
I don't know. But around here who's accountable to anybody?
I don't know where the money went.
I don't think anybody. I don't think anybody.
The term that was used was it went for expenses.
Expenses for what? I don't know what that means.
Let's say there's got to be a paper trail.
If they spent the money there should be receipts for tax deductions or
however the business is run or whatever.
But yeah.
Do you see a paper day in Kamahatchers gone?
Do you have got them?
They got a shame.
Well the rangers are loaded. They got everybody now.
They got a $63 million paper.
Well they're going to buy it a cup.
Well if they're not good this year then they got no excuses boy.
They just loaded.
All right. You have a good day buddy.
Thank you. And of course we got Todd Simpson no relation to OJ.
And it's this garbage about wow you know he's big and he's tough and
and the papers keep coming up for the same crap.
Oh well you know he's going to be used to protect a Pavell Burry.
I think we just call out the National Guard.
I mean that's what it sounds like with this organization.
Let's have the National Guard out there on the ice to make sure nobody gets near Pavell.
It's it's embarrassing really is what a poise is down to.
And then Dave Hyde has like kind of a half ass column.
The lack of action will haunt Panthers.
And I read the whole thing from start to finish and as usual does he say anything?
No. I didn't say a goddamn thing.
These local newspapers man more words are utilized to say absolutely nothing
than anywhere in a history of mankind.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T line.
Here's the mobile and curl springs. Hello.
Well let's see some of those expenses.
Limousine fees, round trip, air flight, air travel.
Round trip, air fare was paid for on TWA vouchers.
That we'll send in that are a trade out with it.
I mean all you people I want to start making things up.
Oh who don't know what's going on in here.
I mean it'll kill some good time but there's not any point in it.
Well I mean there's a lot of expenses.
How about the cost of putting them in a hotel?
Yeah.
The cost.
I don't know sir.
I'm not going to sit here and conjecture.
I don't know. I don't have the information.
I think somebody ought to be accountable to us in the center one.
Where all that money went to.
Especially in light of the fact that our promotions got went on a year
and announced that we raised 25 grand for center one and they got 2000.
It leaves $23,000.
Where did the money go?
This this thing was a source of such unbelievable embarrassment and humiliation
to everybody in this radio station.
Everybody connected with it and in the meantime we can't get any answers.
All we get is double talk and lip service, pardon that expression.
Here's a mobile and Jupiter.
Hello.
I'm Neil.
Yes sir.
If your promotions director went on TV he doesn't
and say how much they they had can't send a one take legal action or something
say or contact the IRS or talk about.
Take legal action about what the fact that we got a liar here.
What are they going to assume for lying?
No, but if he said that they raised that much they could say well you claim it.
We're not saying what's happening.
He can say well I lied or I was mistaken we raised 25 grand but there were the expenses.
He can say whatever the hell he wants.
Yeah I guess.
Okay thanks now.
Okay pal.
I mean like I said before there was nobody here to make anybody in this radio station
accountable for anything.
So they can go on a year and say we raised five million dollars per center one.
We raised a hundred million dollars it was great.
It was a look at what we did look what I did.
That a boy Sam I knew he must have done something besides having dinner with the
actor with OJ and Roy and at the embarrassing crowd of yours
with a picture in the newspaper.
First it's on television.
Here's the picture in the newspaper.
Need to have a picture of all of them in a big circular bed together.
Maybe that'll be next.
It's so hard to be myself.
A puzzle group that I'm in sounds like everyone else on the child and the audience.
And we sing just like girls and we're really happy.
We said J. Boy.
I'll remain in the condition.
Or anything because I can see.
Got no sense.
Maybe it's boys to me.
The South.
All around.
If he comes out the same.
Here will be for me.
And boy.
And boy.
She'll be back in time.
It sounds just like her.
I can feel.
It's just gonna feel.
Maybe it was good.
Or I'm asking just once is this lame.
Cause I'm like you.
I can feel.
I don't know what you think.
But I know it's nothing.
No matter know.
We are passes through.
Or we're asking can you sell us our name.
Cause we're confused.
1032 at 5.50 WQAM. So anyway tell tell the story that you just told me on the from the phone call you just got the guy from Lago Mar about our famous golf
term in a week ago today. So the sign goes in on Wednesday. There's a guy from somewhere brings the sign to Lago Mar right that says QAM golf tournament featuring OJ and LT. Yeah, members of the clubhouse pitch a fit to the promotions person there at Lago Mar. The promotion person says, oh no, it's just a publicity thing to entice people to sign up. He won't really be here. OJ. We know the rest of the story. Yeah, same people pitch a few
management. We were told this guy wasn't going to be here. We don't want to be associated with a golf club that's going to have this murdering asshole here. Promotions guys on probation like it can. Largo Mar doesn't want to do anything with WQAM anymore. That's the rest of the story. Okay. There's the rest of the story. As we continue, you know, suffering like I tell you from OJ Simpson disease. We got four or five people in this building who have a terminal case like Leprosy. You know, I think there needs to be like they have lipper colonies. There needs to be an island somewhere. Maybe like L.
Alcatraz and just take all these people that suffer from OJ Simpson disease and stick him out there with them. They can entertain each other all day. They can wine and dine with each other. They can sit around and have a big circle jerk together. In fact, maybe in the Miami circle. Let's just remove it surgically and you know, float it out to see. That'll solve that problem to them. Save us millions of dollars. The embarrassment just doesn't stop. I mean, I've never seen one event. It's like a it's like the aftershocks of an earthquake. You know how it's keeping you know,
it's some size for a little bit. Then all of a sudden here comes another one. Here comes another tremor. You know, an anonic goes and it doesn't stop. Because that's the nature of the almost almost universal, except for idiotic stupid people and Jackson. If we're so are idiotic stupid people, except for those people, the revulsion is almost universal for this individual for this murderer who we wish would just go away. We've heard more than enough about him. We don't want to hear no more. We don't want to see him. We want to know from him.
And here we are like stuck in the middle with Jews. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Nobody interested in Jesse Ventura by the way. Or his comment about organized religion being a sham. Which thank God that there's somebody beside Neil Rogers in his country. Is there, I mean, who the hell am I, you know, with a flucky little radio show down here that can't buy a goddamn phone call. I mean, I'm nobody. But here's a guy that's a governor of Minnesota who's being talked about as a presidential content.
He's a senator one of these years, not soon enough for what to suit me. And he's got the balls to say organized religion is a sham and a crutch for weak minded people who need strengthen numbers. It's like a frickin club for weak people. How many times have I said that? A billion times over the years. Thank you Jesse. God bless you.
Of course, that'll probably finish him off as far as any chance for any kind of national office because you just can't say those things in America.
You offend the weak minded masses. And the Catholic League is psychotic with Jesse Ventura. Oh, how could you say that, yada yada. Too bad. Can't handle this truth. Can you? You great robbers. You faggot you.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, boy, Neil. Yes, sir. Listen, I do about four or five golf tournaments here. I'm involved with production. And while your event will survive any kind of an audit because you can write off damn there.
If the numbers are true, that is way disproportionate about what normally goes to charity. And so I will respect what do you mean?
Well, typically it's the other way around. We do a golf run to raise money for charity. Our expenses shouldn't exceed 40 or 50% of our revenue. Right.
You're saying it was the other way around. You raised 25 grand a gig. See away. Right. Another way. In other words, they got less than 10%. Yeah. And what I'm saying is you've basically ripped off somebody. Somebody's ripping off charity here.
Whoever promoted his offer. Yeah, I'm going to I'm going to find out where all that money went. I'm going to demand an audit of this on behalf of center one. Find out where all that money went. I mean, you know, especially since we got screwed on this and embarrassed and humiliated and all these people went around, you know, our backs and brought it.
OJ and made the whole thing into an embarrassing disaster. The least that they owe us is an accounting for all that money went to.
I think now we're accounting, but I think to make good on what they had proposed. I mean, if you could you see the expenses went to OJ. I'd write those off and make a right to check the center one's the difference.
Yeah. Or else. Well, I'll hold my breath along with the brown for the golden. We're not going to go after your advertisers. Okay. Thanks.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. What is there to say?
Maybe it's a blessing in the skies. Maybe it long last because Greg read was just in here hyperventilating during the last break. Maybe finally.
This is what it took to make him understand that we got some real, real sick puppies in our midst here.
Just like John Dean told Nixon we got a cancer in here, baby. We got a goddamn big gigantic to to to to to to tumor is what we got.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile and Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir. Are you doing okay? I got a question. I haven't been able to live in as much as week.
And I hear you talking about OJ. Is it still in the talks about him getting something on the radio or is it just about a golf tournament?
Is it in the talks where sure as hell not here? Oh good because you know the only upside I can see to that print having a radio show is that we could call in and abuse the crap out of it.
Yeah, I'm a little bit I would last about 15 minutes and he'd get up and run out of here or he would limp out of here.
You know what? I don't understand. I you see people and I know this to be true that have met him out of events here that swear up and down he's guilty.
But when they get in this president. They suck his hands. They forget everything. That's right. Oh yeah.
And they kiss it. But because he was the next job because he's a celebrity is famous. That's why our buddy Sam over here across the all. That's why he's upset.
Anybody who's famous and they're making difference what they do. Sam will go and kiss their ass. Well, you know, if anybody has me down about the savagery of that and that killing goes killing.
Pull up. W. W. Rotten dot com on the internet and look at the on top. He pictures of Nicole and Ron Goldman. Yeah. Just unbelievable what he did to those folks. But anyway, I just want to share a few calls. I'll say I mean if he ever gets on the airways for anything.
Me and my office will call every fricking day and abuse the crap out of them.
He will not stand a chance in Hollywood. I got news. He would last 10 minutes man. He's a prick first class. Okay. Can I call a couple people to say sure go ahead. Any survive. Robin and Jeff. You're a bunch of do expect. Thank you. I'm easy today. I couldn't care less. I'll just struggle to make it through the four hours today.
Oh, it's it's just it's it's unspeakable. It's unbelievable. What goes on in this joint. The lunatics are running your silent. They're in charge. They got the keys to the kingdom and the rest of us were like, you know, we have to suffer the fallout. We have to suffer the humiliation embarrassment along with it.
Oh, we want to do this for you, Neil. We want to do this for your charity to raise some extra money. We want to do something to make you happy to please you. Oh, yeah. I can't please this punch like you were hungry. Of course, what could it mean doing too good.
They really did. And I'm going to tell you something. You were boy, even though he wasn't here when this all came down. Your boy that you were so high on Tracy Kerr-Sato. He showed me nothing while he was here. Absolutely positively. Nothing.
He wasn't working with us. And that's not the point in any respect in any way, shape, or form. And he was the one that spawned this thing and let it get in the hands of a bunch of crazy people.
Showed me nothing, Tracy. Zero. Zipini. Do got included today. He wandered around here and never came in to say, uh, screw you goodbye and up your ass. Anything.
But nevertheless, like those swing clubs though.
It's Friday, you bastard.
I sing a low tone. I am a baritone with me. Some notes cannot be.
I can't be. They want me to do this.
So what I can't reach and this ain't gonna happen. Oh, no.
It's so too high. Too high for me.
It's too high.
So what kicks me right back down in my head?
I can't be.
Oh, it's too high. Too high for me. What's it take me for?
10.45 is fine. I like that song. Two tell-bought minutes are great song, but nevertheless. And I like the 98 degrees, but nevertheless.
5.670560.560 on the 18T wireless line. A couple of really a one good to the letter of the editor in the sunset.
It looks more and then there's one. It's just so typical and so idiotic gun control rhetoric for global government.
One of those one world conspiratorial wackos. Oh, this is a great letter, which I'll get to eventually as soon as I calm down.
Put my brain back. We're in the socket where it used to be stick my brain in my back. Go where it's comfortable.
Here's Miami Lakes. Hello.
Oh, how are you doing here? Okay, sir. You're right. I want you to agree along with the governor. I really do think that all organized religion is number of big scam.
Right. And also, Neil, they are making a big deal about these sexual predators, right? That they have to register, right?
Yeah. What about the ones in the church? The creatures? They got to do the same thing too.
Oh, no, they're exempt. You got to understand. We can't do that. But I'm serious when I'm saying, you know.
Yeah. All right. Look at the, for example, if you go on molester bunch of children, you're going to go to jail. You're asked to go to jail for a long time if they can pick you.
But with the church with a priest, what they do is they reassign them. You know, they send them for counseling, maybe if they could call out and then they reassign them so they can go molester children in some other part of the country where they're on.
They're on suspecting. Right. Because we've been here so many cases of them all over the country. Right. That's right. All right. Now you have a nice day. And back to you.
Of course, they're isolated. Since you don't understand that, don't you? You're just isolated. Only a few thousand here and a few thousand over there.
Here's a lady in Kendall. Hello. Neil. Yes, man. Look on page 20 of the weekend. Your friend Sanduke and Christian. I've been talking about that for a half an hour.
Well, I just turned your radio on. I'm well aware. Thank you so much, man. That's page 21.
G five six seven oh five sixty pound five. But you see people are finding it. And even a lot of people will and they'll see that picture there and they'll say, oh my god, that looks like that murdering set of a bitch.
And there's two guys from a Q a and that were always hearing about. Sanduke and what's his name?
Foster. Who's yanking a whole bunch of money out of this place every month and bring nothing in. He's the face man. You know, he's the stud. The stadium.
The Schwarzer stadium.
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. It's just amazing. The little empire right. Luan. Oh, did we have a meeting on Tuesday or what?
You know, if Pinocchio, if that thing about your nose growing just like Bubba, remember that time I said that looked like his nose was growing when he came on TV.
If that Pinocchio thing was she'd have a nose so long they'd have to they'd have to bring her in the building sideways.
Liar liar pantaloonies on fire sweetheart. Everybody's here got a different story, man. They weave and they wobble and they maneuver. They ought to be professional boxers. They got moved that even Mike Tyson be impressed by.
Just unbelievable. But you can only evade the obvious for so long. Okay, before you get caught in the tail in the tangle of your own BS and lies.
Here's a mobile in Del Rey Beach. Hello. Yes, sir. Good morning, sir.
Buenos dias. Happy Friday. And back to you. Happy October one. Hey, I say I just see the body for president. Right now. This guy happens. It's got walk. He's got the biggest. Come on. He's around. He's got balls like an elephant.
Oh my God. I couldn't believe it. I'm sitting there watching the today show and when they said that I almost fell out of my chair and they did too from all that here.
I wish I would have seen it. I don't watch that show, but I have an anti Katie correct nearly dropped the load right there in the chair. Yeah, she couldn't believe it.
She was like, oh my God. This is terrible. All right. Well, I hear that Al Roker's got hair growing on it said now just from the shock. So I really. Bless you. Okay. Jesse for president, baby.
Oh, you can't have somebody like that who doesn't support organized religion. Let me say it again. Let me read. I should just read that quote all day.
This not coming from the Orojars that he then fact bastion. This coming from somebody who's the governor of Minnesota. Somebody who's a big macho guy with a brain who understands what real life is all about organized prostitution, the criminalization of marijuana.
Let's get the goddamn weed people out of jail. Let's get government off our backs. Let's get all these goddamn goody to choose moralist off our out of our lives.
Here's the guy we've been looking for for a zillion years. Of course, he's bad for business. You realize for the religion is he's bad for their business. That's why they're that's why they're reacting like their psychotic now. They haven't a nervous breakdown.
Organized religion is a sham and a crutch for weak minded people who need strength and numbers the governor told the playboy interviewer.
It tells people to go out and stick their noses and other people's business. The religious right wants to tell people how to live. In other words, to paraphrase what I'm always telling you intolerance. That's what it's all about. Religion breeds intolerance hatred.
My religion's better than yours is I got the answers you don't you're going to burn and hell I'm going to be up there and yada yada yada and so it goes because I believe these fairy tales and you don't.
My fairy tales are the right fairy tales. You're a suck.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a 18 and T right. Oh, and by the way the update on the Michel Gillen piece on channel four and the kids with their lunches which we had a very very marginal response on here yesterday like everything else I've been doing for 23 years here.
Except given away free crap.
The update is that now they've got I think it was Coral Park high school. Coral Park senior high there. I'm letting the not letting the freshman and the sophomores leave campus for lunch hour but the problem is that they still can't get served lunch because the lines are too long by the time they get up there they run out of food anyway so they interviewed a bunch of the kids who said well the deal is now was a tactus gift lunch.
There you go there's a solution to the problem. Let me not even reant when that let him eat cake let him eat nothing that's a solution here.
To the problem with the not being able to feed the kids in school.
And here and by the way speaking of that and speaking of the stadium and all this other crap that they're trying to siphon tax money to billionaires Marlon Zoner gives a million dollars to help on vocal stress center.
And here's the picture look at this man is the most bizarre trophy individual I've ever seen in my life.
This hand looks like it's a stick up in fact I think he's got a backward I think he's the one that's trying to stick us up.
John Henry with his hands up in here in this picture here in the sunsettlest morning unbelievable.
And we're supposed to be all excited about him I must be crazy I must be nuts because he donate to million dollars to help fund the vocal stress center because he thought he was dying with an irregular heartbeat come to find out it wasn't a heart problem it was stressed.
Which of course we know lots about here at Q.A.M. especially this morning.
So he's donating a million dollar gift translating into the creation of the John W Henry Center for integrated medicine in a hospital owned building on clinton or road in Boka.
The center will house the mind and body incidental well you know that's very nice of course it's a good tax right off and it's good public relations but in the meantime how can you afford to be given a million dollars away to charity what we're supposed to raise him three or four hundred million dollars to build a stadium when he's always crying poor mouth.
And by the way I was watching a little bit of the CBC news last night out of Montreal and the Montreal Expos certainly one of the worst teams in a history of baseball average 9000 people a game this past season 9000 people again and for the second year in a row there was a lot of debate about whether it's the end of the franchise are going to have to move are they going to have to disband the franchise and it looks like they're going to come back again next year and be able to reorganize why.
Because they didn't lose any money.
They average 9000 people a game and they didn't lose any money and they're honest enough to say at least admit it.
How do you like that.
It goes back to what Hank was talking about there months ago about that fanciful betbook keeping that Wayne is famous for.
Always giving us poor mouth poor mouth we lost millions we lost this we lost that and then the numbers keep changing you know always a real just like kind of with that government.
Oh we raised 25,000 for center one did we know well know what it sounds good.
In other words here's an aggregate of 25,000 dollars in total that was raised of which 2000 went to the charity that this term it was allegedly for.
Where did the other 23,000 dollars go inquiring mine are going to find out we wanted to counting and we wanted it next week.
Here's a mobile and Delray Beach hello.
Yes sir.
You know I've listened to your show for years and years and I've heard you're sick about the management and now you know you hit the nail right in the head with the soju thing you can tell your sponsors that there's a lot of us that listen to the show that just we're not going to listen to you.
Well we're not going to use the sponsors we don't like to have it rubbed in our face we're not crazy right.
And the same thing with John Henry I must be crazy I must be nuts yeah he is how can you how can he ask us for tax dollars when he's given a million bucks away.
I just don't understand that to me was just like that other picture with the OJ and Sandouce bag and where it was like the other is like somebody slapping you in the face.
Absolutely the same with Henry there I mean don't ask me for money and then give a million dollars away you're crazy you're crazy and you know to think about your crazy life must be nuts.
I can't imagine what your management was thinking I love your show and I love my management was thinking well yeah I guess that now you're getting a little carried away sir now you're losing grip on reality.
Well you know I would you know I would have gladly use some of your sponsors now but the way I cast my vote is the same way that you've told us for years just don't do it.
And you know they if they're listening they're to blame nobody else.
So in other words what you're saying is that the audience ought to penalize all the rest of us and all of our sponsors because we had two or three people in here that pulled a behind the scenes a deal that the rest of us are decrying here on the air.
Because the station management not necessarily you it's you know your your casualty the war.
But I mean how else what else can we say we keep we keep listening when we know that no no they don't they don't offer it now I turned off right now be a good idea.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line at that sounds like a real good lawyer listen to me blame me for the fact that Roy Foster and Sam Duke and maybe one or two other assholes inflicted these people and also screwed up the people of Lago Mar and made our sponsors and all of us and everybody else look but blame me for that.
Punish me for that. Turn it off right now sir and have a great life thank you so much for all your dedicated years of listening.
You can see my every day.
This ball on CBS meet a small town free to speak the word of God and adds a few choice words of his own it's father Tourette's mystery.
We really believe it we are gobbled here today to join together.
This is a fucking damn fucking motherfucker.
A fucking motherfucker in holy matrimon father Tourette mystery a new kind of family drama from the producers of Chicago hopeless and NY PD blue ball.
I only a fucking slut. I only a little boy and I'm longer than you.
Sunday this fall spend an hour with father Tourette right after an all new season of touchdown there by an angel only on CBS.
This is a fact in the shirt it's 11.1560 WQM I think that last guy made a lot of sense you know let's punish Neil and Hank in the morning guys everybody else on the station because we don't like the management because we're disgusted with their behavior.
I know about myself I listen to radio shows because they like the management of that particular station.
I know when I watch a TV show or even a sporting event I want to make sure that I like the management of that network or that station before I turn it on or subsidize their sponsors.
I know if I go to a restaurant I want to make sure you know no matter how good the food may be I want to make sure they don't advertise on the station that I don't like the management of sir you just it's him I'm embarrassed for you.
In fact why don't we also punish center one two let's not buy the best of the LCDs or consider let's not show up at specs tomorrow just to show Greg read our displeasure with him.
So let's punish other people who had nothing to do with this let's punish the people who are exposing it and laying it out on the table there for you and trying to get something done about it.
Let's punish them. Thank you sir for your tremendous loyalty and support your typical soft loridian man you're exactly what this town is all about like I've told you before you make a friend someplace else you got a friend for life maybe you make a friend here you got a friend for about five minutes.
Maybe five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line that's why we all need to join a fraternity we also we can take some good showers together.
Here's booker hello I'm glad you just mentioned that in the all about paternity because I just had a thought driving yesterday the day before when you were talking about the paternities I might be wrong I don't want to spread a rumor but I'm pretty sure that I remember when Roy Foster got drafted he came from USC right.
Yeah wouldn't that be sort of don't you think the jocks have sort of their own paternity oh absolutely more than anybody else no question I mean in reality too there is a he and OJ are joined at the hip so that kind of proves that that running on the beach negative stuff kind of sticks with you have a friend for life.
I think that picture is going to be tomorrow's hailed Roy and OJ running naked on the beach on South Beach that would that would do.
And Sam will be right there right on their SN and the other reason that I watch football you see is because I like G.E. light bulb so much yeah me too it makes my I used to two until Reagan gun involvement you know well that's what's funny for ourselves that's a typical Florida reaction how do you like that guy huh I think you don't need him by listening because he said yeah let's just say goodbye to him because if he wants to punish himself let him do it I'd rather listen to you no matter what thank you sir I'll pray for you bye.
5 6 7 0 5 60 look at this resound to respond to you again this morning it's a same old car I don't really care I'm in another world today I can't tell you how many times on this station I've come in and done a show and by the time I get done I've asked myself how did I get to these four hours today I mean my mind is so disheveled and so twisted and so unglued here I came in this morning feeling just fine as chipper's can be walked in the door not knowing what to expect.
And right away it starts with George Corso said this and this one said that and then we look at the program log and turns out Luanne is lying again which for the evening time is weak.
How many pictures do you got Luanne and like I said I've said there's so many times since I've been here there's so many people in this place I don't ever want to see again I don't want to see them I don't want to do business with them I don't want to know from them I don't want to hear about them I don't want to see them even.
Because they're detestable they're disgusting they're nauseating they're puking-ducing they're unprofessional they're liars they're disgusting they like tear away at your life it's your very existence who needs that Luanne.
Just lie and lie and lie and do all of these things and oh god if you had any idea if it's a good thing I like that person I talked about yesterday or I would tell that story and I promised I wouldn't and I won't.
5.670560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile informer. Hello. Hello. Yes sir.
A couple things I want to say real quick for one thing I think your management knows everybody Nephology I'm not going to stop listening to the show I like everybody I'm a show I'm in 4 miles I get Brad Collins I got you in the morning Hank and I'm not going to stop listening to you.
What more do you want right?
Well I come from Detroit and the radio up there is a little different but I know I'm not going to stop listening to the program because the idiots and me as you made it.
Because I'm anant like to own it right and they need to either put a written one in some newspapers or get on the air and apologize or or.
Yeah how would a PF Greg read recorded an apology that we could play on the air saying that the station regrets the embarrassment and that we had nothing to do with that and apologize to the people who love a lot of it and the sponsor.
I mean that would be like a professional thing to do is to have him record and apology that we could play a few times today.
I agree. And second thing I'm the organized religion my girlfriend is a Catholic I'm an atheist it doesn't interfere with our relationship.
She goes to church because she likes the sense of community she likes knowing all of her neighbors or mom goes with her husband and you know she's not a fanatic about it she doesn't preach it she doesn't you know tell me that we have to get married and a church with this priest and this and that.
And so she doesn't obsess about the you know having to belong to a group or anything and it's kind of refreshing to see someone that doesn't you know claim it down everyone's throw it up their ass so to speak.
Yeah right.
Okay well I'll pray for it.
All right.
All right.
Thanks a lot.
Okay 600 open lines here 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line will be it's best tomorrow at the Sawgrass Mills Mall from noon to 2 right by the blue dolphin entrance of the Sawgrass right near Ruby Tuesdays.
Off let me go road near rooms to go with our center one CD's our best of 99 CDs and cassettes.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line here's for Lauderdale hello.
Yes sir.
One of the only stick up for handgoal bird he's a fat piece of crap.
Yeah huh because I like handgoal bird.
Hand's been great to me since I've been on this station and you know you assholes that want to start you know like the guy to call me a couple weeks ago.
Oh I used to like it better when you want the other station you used to poke fun today.
Well you know something we were competitors but I always said one thing I have no problem with Hank and I'm glad that I said that because they didn't have a problem with them then and I especially don't have a problem with them now and I appreciate even told him this off the area today.
Thank God for him being a one guy in this place who stands up for the things that make sense and having the balls to be a little bit passionate about the right things whether it was the penny sales tax.
Whether it was about John Henry and his goddamn stadium.
So you know if you don't like Hank don't listen to him but don't give me a lecture about the goddamn handgoal bird okay he's fine in my book.
He's the champion in my book in this place.
I got a few spineless jellyfish in this place who off the air got a big mouth but other than that they got that nothing to say because they're scared for their job.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Davy hello.
Davy.
Neil.
Yes sir.
Neil I really enjoy your show.
Yeah.
Here's a mobile and mirror mark hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
Good morning how are you?
Okay.
Neil I agree that certainly the on air personality should not in any way be punished for putting it mildly the misty to the management of the station.
My concern is as a general listener though is that your sponsors if this becomes an occurring issue whether it's OJ or someone else are going to clearly start backing away from the station.
It may not be something that happens immediately but it'll have an impact and eventually will have an impact on the on air personality.
Is that my question?
I got a good contract.
I got a pain in the earless.
I really like that.
No spots they still got a pain in me that's their problem.
But it's a damn shame Neil and I guess my question is can you please tell me specifically what is the position if maybe that's maybe that's too much.
The answer is what the rest of the question is prone is the answer the position of what?
Of the management with regard to this OJ debacle.
I can't speak for the management they're going to like I said he should have a something on the air he should be a speaking for himself.
You know I work for major corporation senior management capacity but I mentioned that for one reason if I were to have done what Mr. Duquette did and Mr. Foster did I would not have a job.
Hey any sir any other radio station I've ever worked at in my life especially considering the minimal contributions of the two people you just mentioned.
Any other place I've ever worked those two would be have been history over the weekend last weekend and we'd be moving onward and upward we would have pictures in the newspaper and we would be wasting our time on this crap again and we would have to be having a lot of people running around here psychotic like we are today.
It is incredibly embarrassing but anyway I just wanted to let you know that I like to show I don't call up and I called last week off on spoke to you but that's wishes and I hope those people get their heads out of their asses and see the light.
And happy circus. Okay. So I guess I.
I wouldn't fall for you.
No matter what you do I don't care how hard you try all you got to do with your life.
I'm so tired of our baby.
I think that's how you can in so pretty.
Bradley is next job and for this just a joke and your W. Bush.
I don't care how hard you try all you got to do with your life.
Yes.
Let's have the election tomorrow.
5 6 7 0 5 60 0 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Justin and Oxen had 12 student airsoft round.
An handsome JohnSON FIFA 6 15 16 FAF ludzi sins flip on us and we are thrilled so we'll keep going.
Your favorite
Helu.
it's unbelievable anyway yeah you gotta love jesse scared me a little bit of the
meeting because you know a wrestler jesus you know but he really seems to
care for the country what he's doing he seems to be upfront and he's got
he got a brain he's got can make sense everything he says now it is
everything he deals with he deals with like a mix like a like a person who's
thinking it out as opposed to somebody who's just pandering right right and if
you're a president on phone form absolutely
that anyway that's not why I called I called because I want you to join my new
organization and I entered as I entered my 40s I think I'm a very slow learner
but I finally realized the number one truth of the world and that is that
everybody's an asshole but us right but you and me that's it yeah okay thanks
thanks for the good news thanks for the voter confidence it's been nice
talking to you sir but obviously because our management or a bunch of
bozos we won't be talking to any of you anymore nice timing to by the way
Greg excellent timing 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line
here's Volka hello Neil yes sir okay now you gotta have to hear a few
always when I tell you about what happened this morning I'm calling for you to
cheer me up I like now I'm sitting with a nice pack of my
colonies because I had my back to me this morning yeah can you cheer me up with a
couple of requests no you don't need to cheer up pal I'm the one who needs to
cheer up and I'm sitting here dying again this morning believe me just
dying with this crowd 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line here's a
mobile in-for-law to Dale hello hey Neil how you doing okay sir good well
get going to something good we got hockey stars tomorrow night yeah hopefully
looking for it so maybe a two-two try goes over time and see some four and
four flight you're gonna be at the game I'll be there but section yet 106
I'm 105 get season 30 spell I'll wait you I hope you are way back bring yourself
on it have a good one okay so yeah we'll just stand up in front of everybody
else and talk on a cell phone in the middle of the game 1600 open lines here
today nothing moves these bastards like I told you before 5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line here's a mobile in highly hello hello
Neil yes sir okay listen I quick question about your CD is that a
velar at all specs or all over you all over date brought in Palm Beach okay
but I want to do it highly and I can't find it any woman not yet not yet it'll
be there this weekend all right hey go chairman for mayor yeah okay five six
seven oh five sixteen other dumb little spec like I said you know earlier in the
week and if I had if I had the you know a strike to do with today I would I just
sit here and talk for four hours or at least most of it like I did for three days
and could have happened today sweetheart music let that music play baby because
they just they tear out your kishis and then they tear the innards of your mind
whatever kind of kind of mental preparedness you had to come in here and do a
radio show by the time it gets to be 10 o'clock you're ready to walk out of
here screaming and yelling and like that every goddamn day lately maybe they're
just coming on glue maybe they just can't handle the pressure that might be it
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line we're waiting for your stuff
here today folks we're waiting desperately are we getting it no what we're
getting our morons like that little spec from highly it just there are things
he's a sit down comedian the Howard Love and Guide a call before making gutter
roll sound the usual bunch of spider-eye that we get from the South Florida
audience who got nothing thoughtful to say and basically I'd very little
thoughtful to say yesterday when I'm sitting here screaming and puking my guts
out on behalf of the kids of this guy downtown who have nobody who cares about
them the kids to go to school who have no textbooks the kids to go to school in
school buses with ance a mama driving a wet can driver finger-upper ass the
kids to go to school I can't get lunch break nobody cares baby because this is a
real special place this is la la land if you ever hear anybody use that expression
la la land just look around you and you'll know you're in it you'll be here
nothing moves them other than free crap nothing moves them all here's a lady
mobile in Miami hello hello yes man is this nail sounds like me oh not on the
telephone well sounds like somebody who is preparing to be me okay I'm listening
to yesterday but I didn't get a chance to call and I'm a day county teacher right
so I just wanted to tell you that they're always bragging about being the
largest school system and that's why they're so crummy because they are so big
and we don't have enough schools and we don't have enough anything but that's not
it there's no control there's too many schools for a little school you know
for 12th board members to you know control it just doesn't work and they
act like kings and queens because when they come to an event there's a certain
order that you have to address them and they have to be addressed in a certain
way and they have to be cow-towed to you talking about the school board members
school board members I mean the whole way it's it's just ridiculous they
county needs to make our school system smaller so that the people we elect are
more like well how do you how do you make this school system smaller do you
send all the kids off to private schools then oh no you take the county and you
divide it up into six or seven school districts as opposed to one large
county system when you go when you went to school you didn't have huge
school district right the people in your neighborhood where the people who who
you voted for so if we can ever get smaller school districts and you know get
rid of the county the meantime that that doesn't answer the revenue questions
where does the money come from to feed these kids and to get the textbooks for
the kids who can't take any homework home because they have no textbooks where
does the money come from there've got to be people screaming and yelling for
additional tax dollars for education not to build stadiums and crap like that
there's plenty of money it's spent very poorly it's all given to the
principals and the principals have total discretion on what they buy some by
aid some have their friend work there some by all extraneous things to make
their school look good but that may be decorative in nature but aren't related
to teaching and so it's it's in the wrong hand so there's plenty of money I
think so I just think it's wandered and I think if they ever didn't audit
speaking about audits school board members you find out that their pockets are
lying pretty well too there's all the books that they buy they buy at top
dollar and check back goes some place and they buy new programs every three
years and throw out the old ones they have me to spend the money like they do
it's going some place but nobody in this town ever looks into that tax
dollars and we're nobody cares about it nobody cares about education here
it's a it's a foreign topic nobody cares well I think somebody should
care and I think it should parry the herald or the sun sentinel or somebody
no the herald and the sun sent them to busy trying to get us to spend more
public money so we can build a stadium for millionaires well I agree but I'm
sorry to say it's a sad state the parents don't care because the parents are
educated enough to even know okay good luck sweetheart hang in there five five
six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line here's Miami Lake
hello yes sir yes are you doing okay two things three things fast first of all I
tried the nicks the cigars blend it all I met him at the lake the chula
stake-down that's a famous five-year day but the main thing that I want to
talk to you about what do you think of this trade of lengthy and Simpson I
think it's much you do about nothing that's what I think it just a matter of
just changing taking that guy that he wasn't that great but I mean I mean
Lindsey well you know first of all Lindsey was a forward and Simpson's a
defenseman but the fact is we got too many defenseman number right right that's
right that was concerned Lindsey wasn't a big guy but it was as hard-nosed and
played it up as anybody that we've ever had on the thing to me this again is
just spinning their wheels desperately trying to get somebody on their same old
look we're trying to get somebody to protect Pavel Brey and we're trying to get
somebody on a blue line how Simpson's not the kind of defenseman they need
anyway they need somebody who's offensive defenseman which he is not you're
right you're right and this man this morning Terry Murray whatever his name
that because he was defending that other guy Simpson that this is they was a
perfect trade well I don't I don't understand this guy he's a piece of crap I
I just think that thank God at least we have Pavel Brey and we just hope that
that and I'm hoping it's not as fragile as they're acting like he is because if
he is it's gonna be a real long year with him sitting on the thing that
blow that this guy gave him the other day yeah Chris Wells it's the first hit
he's ever given yeah that guy's a big guy he almost killed him but anyway he
was he survived the whole thing but anyway I really appreciate talking with you
and telling you this this lady that's called before she's right what about the
money of the lottery where that though where is it probably in somebody's
part made probably the same place is the money for our daughter the lottery
money was gonna help the school system yeah a little bit of it it's a little
different with that guy black hair okay yeah lucky you said that was great
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T F and line that's what he
said nice go under sir Henry F 26 after 11 at QAM that is great radio hello
I'm George W. Bush Jr. your next president like or not and I'm here to talk to
you about headache relief if you live in the South and suffer from occasional
headaches why I recommend bush cocaine powder for relief that's by say for
short you know I'm so think it's rich that a headache about all I can relate to
when it comes to little voters like you to not oh mine telling you that you'll
contribute to my soft money campaign war chest with every packet your Bush
cocaine powder you buy Bush cocaine powder is not recommended for use by
Jews it's 1132 at five sixty W. M. How's the by Jew we got a couple open
lines five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line here's a
mobile in four-loader nail hello hello yes sir oh listen I don't want to start
you know harping on the school education thing anymore but what
brother happens to be a principal in date county uh... it's pretty sad when I
see him have to go to office depot office max by supplies that aren't being
provided so you know it's not a situation like the principle of got all this
money in the world
plus you know that you know that you need to that that called and said that there's
uh... more than enough money I'm not buying that for a second
well you know let me do some
i think there's a lot of rafting everywhere but there's not enough money there's
no way that they're kids go without textbooks if there's enough money no but
but you know the problem is I pay all this taxes for school and education
everything and you know what my kids go to private school so what do they do with
my money i'm having to pay twice so you'd i think there is enough money
they don't need they've got money for kids that don't even go to school so what
are you doing with that money i think it's a misappropriation or lack of
intelligence maybe on the part of the folks maybe oj's got it okay
okay just keep that in mind folks is plenty of money to go around just keep
that in mind no problem that's a real good excuse next time they have you
know have some kind of a vote on the money for education which they always vote
against that down here anyway just say no and have a clear conscience about it
because there's certainly plenty of money to go around five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line see this is always this is
what amazes me and it's just a such a cover up for people that don't really
give a crap about kids education and it's kids it's kids are going to private
school anyway so what does he care about the public schools
it's such a great convenient rationalization to make you feel better about
yourself the fact that you don't care about the quality of education just very
sad I saw that yesterday I saw your tremendous your dynamic response and then
you see the kids under on the news last night well you know we're just gonna
have to skip lunch because there still isn't enough food and there's still
it a long line and so now that we're stuck here as prisoners we'll just have
to skip lunch altogether how about just skipping all the meals every day just go
home and have dinner here's your field beach hello hey Neil how you doing okay
sir two things one let me ask you a question why would the Murray boys advertise
that Pavel because they're dumb it's a very dumb well maybe we'll put them on
fours where Billy Lindsay was the second thing I got a good bell self-mobility
story for you I went and had my contract to be renewed so I called them up
and I said you know AT&T is offering all this great stuff and I'd like to switch
them it's like what can you do for me as an existing customer they said we don't
care about our existing customers only new customers get the deals the one penny
phones or we don't care about our existing customers that's Florida for you
yeah that's beautiful nice way to do business good luck to us right have a great
day thanks for the good news kind of like us here at Qion we don't care about
anybody fine just keep breaking that money like the sign on the wall behind me
says just give us the F&Money thank you we've had that sign up there for almost
two years and boy never were two words spoken right Luan five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line you see the audience doesn't
seem I mean I realized it's a week old it's an old thing now but it's following
a surmount it's causing a lot of internal and all you know it's like a
goddamn title wave of psychosis but the audience don't seem to give a crap about
the OJ thing they couldn't care less I do care because it makes me look stupid
it makes the people of center one looks stupid there's a guy over there at
LaGo Marra is about to lose his job because of it but these people don't
care about that here's a lady in North Miami hello
morning Neil yes man this is your Argentinian Jew is my birthday today yeah so
chronic oh oh chronic thank you I just want to talk to you about the schools yeah I
think I'm lucky when I live my kids go to a Helen Oaks middle school what
a high-end Oaks middle school yeah and they have books coming home with them in
at school and they never miss a lunch and they serve whatever they're supposed to
serve yeah no it's a luck of the drive if your kids happen to go to just the
right school and like you said you'll be lucky and if not then you're screwed absolutely
that's just you know I know that all the other schools are you know that way but
wherever credit is to I would like to do that okay okay thank you have a happy
bye happy circus five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t
wireless line like I said the other day where's the mayor where's mr.
mayor that's got this seminar there about the children and about the future of
the children in the year 2000 and you know all this other bullcraft all this
political grandstanding where is he about the channel for story no room at
the lunchroom where is he huh you ought to be driving around a guy named Milkwagon
serving up throwing out sandwiches I'm sure Mickey Harrison could afford to
what provides some lunches for those kids huh set up some some some some
if I could probably like to make a profit too huh set up a little concession
there for all those schools where the kids can't get lunch every day let's just
give him the franchise you can go into food business I'm sure he's gonna serve
some crap food there with the American Airlines goddamn arena and by the way
isn't it very appropriate that it's being called the American Airlines Arena
here's Miami hello hello yes sir you know how you don't okay I agree with you
that the kids don't get enough money for the schools but I also agree that they're
not spending a wisely I mean I'm gonna kill myself and I can see that high
schools don't get enough money yeah but I'd like that lady said like the kids get
two sets of books one to get and one to take home and one to stay at school I
mean I want the private school my life and we only got one set of one set of books
you get two sets of books the kids get two sets of books a lot of my friends
that go to a public school they get two sets of books they get one to take home
and one to stay in school sounds like I sure a Q&A that's what we do in
bookkeeping we keep two sets of books I mean I mean that's ridiculous and then
also like my brothers the teacher and they have they have kids that you know
their parents don't they don't want to take them to school you know and they don't
care about their kids and then you know they they get their kids picked up by
some bus and then they need some special assistance to make sure the kid gets
on the bus and he doesn't run away or something you know and that's the
special money I mean if the kid wants to go to school he'll go to school and if
he doesn't you know the health of him you know I don't I don't think I don't
think that we should spend we should spend all this money for no reason you
know I mean I agree taking the kid and the kid to school on a bus what do you
think about kids that are getting lunch because there's no food for them and
lunch in some of the bigger schools what's what about that I've I really hate
that like stupid crap you know okay five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the eight well that's the way people talk I hate to break the news
the word police at the FCC up there okay that's the way real people talk it's
almost the year 2000 and they do say SH all the time but all God forbid we
shouldn't let that on the year that's evil that's bad it's okay that there's
all the graph and all the robbery of God damn public funds all over the God
damn place and the fact that there's kids can't get a lunch at school every day
who people are paying taxes to make sure that they do get fed which they have to
pay for it anyway if they can afford to do so but nevertheless but God forbid
that I have to cut this kid off because he says SH on the year oh do we need
Jesse Ventura ever a man was right for a country if ever there was a time when
this man was needed it's right now not in four years not in eight years not
ten years from the circus but right now but of course you know like I said at
the beginning of the show today you know he's just sealed his own coffin with
seven hundred big nails by making a very honest and very accurate observations
about organized religion you can forget about him now as we speak Eric is
touching a link to our website where people can email him through our website
and yeah for what it's worth can email Jesse the body yes also by the way you
also by order your center one your best and you'll see these on there at
your Rogers dot comets on her twenty before noon at five sixty WQ a and your
hopeless station for the 90s this is five sixty Q a L this station stands for
nothing that's my opinion I'm like Disney
all right
you love my eyes
I know that you keep on checking up my eyes
I'll play you cause I'm very cute how young is too young
check out my breath they're poking on my foot that he is alright
you come on to me and let the things in my ear and I found some
I'm
but if you want to take me
you know that thing about me I don't think you know
I'm on my way
you should be
because you could go to
share this with me
it's a dream you
and your friends on me
she was 25 but she's just a team
of my
series
to
okay
the
It's 1146 at 560 WQM.
Yeah, we got the word police baby.
I wish the audience could see that 8 million paid response that our attorneys had to send
to the FCC for that pending alleged $35,000 fine for indecent broadcast on the show last
year.
I wish you could take a look at it.
How juvenile, how ridiculous is that we have a bunch of adults sitting up there in Washington
looking at rectum, hell it damn near, kill them and their spell on stuff wrong and they
got the bleeps missing in some work.
They don't know what they're doing sitting around the censorship people protecting our children.
The same kids who can't get fed lunch at school by the way, but we got to protect them
from words that they use every day themselves.
You're a bunch of crazy people.
That's a problem with our government, man.
It's run by mostly crazy people.
And in the meantime, the rest of the people are going around.
Yeah, let's get that stadium built so we can have a goddamn ball club.
I mean, the real tip off to me was what they was.
I give those hockey tickets away.
Was it whatever day it was a couple of days ago for opening night tomorrow night in the front row.
$105 a piece, $210 worth of tickets for opening night.
And I'm asking because I just don't want to give them away and make it a little bit tough.
I'm asking, identify some players.
Okay, just to show me a little bit about the sport, a little bit.
Steve Iserman, Matt Sundin, Doug Gilmore, so you know, it's team with Salonick.
What number are they wearing, you know?
Oh, $128.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And there'll be a whole bunch of people there tomorrow night wondering, hey, where's the big sparset tonight?
He's after five or six weeks.
Oh, gee, we don't want to see that.
We want to see him hit somebody.
Come on, Warhol hit somebody.
They not only don't have any idea who he is, they can't even pronounce his name.
I have no idea why they show up.
I none.
Zero.
Here's P-Rion.
Hello.
Hey, man.
How you doing, man?
All right.
I just stopped this morning.
I got a real serious beast.
I've been fired up, okay?
I got a real serious beast this morning.
Shoot.
Listen, how can you answer this question for me?
How can you have people that don't speak English working in a place like this?
I'm extremely late for my flight, man.
Right.
So I'm rushing through the, you know, the scanners, but they, I guess, be looking for dope or whatever it is for.
Right.
So they're looking for hand grenades.
Okay.
So I'm going through the simultaneously with like four other people, right?
Right.
The lady who's taking care of me, she don't speak a licker.
I'm just speaking now, bitter English.
Right.
I actually go through it and with other, before the people, I guess my long, with off, so I'm running trying to get to my flight.
Right.
She telling me to stop and Spanish.
Now, this is America.
I don't speak Spanish.
Right.
So I'm running trying to get to my plane.
She running behind me, speaking Spanish.
I don't know who she talking to.
No, she's supposed to turn around.
No, picking up on you.
No picking up on you.
So hello, man.
Customs.
I mean, all these federal agents come tackle me down.
Like I'm running through.
You know what I'm saying?
Are you serious?
I'm dead serious.
Federal agents came and tackled you like you were OJ running to the Hertz counter.
Tackled me like I had like I'm trying to get through that with a bomb of, you know, cocaine or whatever.
I need to complain, man.
These two would need to get back on these A-Rams and get that crossed.
Amen.
Have a good day.
Get with the program.
Get with the English or get lost.
Amen.
And I appreciate it, man.
I'll do something to these two with, man.
I'm serious, man.
Take these, man.
Okay, George says he's just a little guy.
Okay.
He had nothing to do with that.
Just turn around and yell.
No picking up on you.
No picking up on you.
Just keep running.
She said, hold it.
Yeah.
Oh, he's right, man.
There's those, but banana boat people are out of the airport.
And you wonder why the list of all those people with their hand grenades and their cocaine and the heroin and all of that stuff.
You wonder why 99 and 2 thirds percent of them were no pick it up in English.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Dade County is lost.
We've declared that so many times, but it's always worth saying again.
Dade County is lost.
Here's Pompano.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I was just wanting to say something on the schools.
I've dated a teacher and the private schools actually pay less to the teachers in the public schools.
And so that's sort of the boldest me as far as why the private schools are so much better if the teachers aren't being paid as much.
Maybe the fact that they don't have 30 and 40 kids in a classroom might have something to do with it.
Well, I mean, wouldn't the teachers have the, you know, more motivation to get paid more?
Well, you would think so, yeah.
But I don't know.
As far as OK is concerned, I mean, in addition to which, don't you think that the parents who have enough money and care enough to spend money to send their kids to private schools?
Does the kids are more highly motivated to learn?
No, no.
I know.
Because I went to a public school and I had some fun through one to a five at school.
And the kids with the private schools have a lot of extra cash and they, you know, just able to goof off more, buy more drugs or do whatever they want.
So I don't think that really has a big, big difference as far as...
So maybe let's cut the pay of the teachers. That'll solve the problem.
Yeah, I just think getting different teachers may solve the problem.
I don't think they really screen the teachers well or the management at the public schools won't really care as much.
I think it would probably be good if the teachers could like speaking with properly. That would be good.
I remember having a Spanish...
And like maybe not having to be able to... I'm not just talking about Spanish. I'm talking about people who speak bubonics and, you know, all kinds of people who we can't speak English.
Right.
Find an expert their name.
Yeah, I said unbelievable.
Unbelievable.
Anyway, I just wanted to also thank you for getting rid of that douchebag deal. That was getting a lot of things ahead.
Yeah, it's time to head on.
Yeah, it was time.
Okay, pal.
So I have a going.
Bye.
567, so we're going to cut the salaries of teachers in the public school system and that'll tighten things up a little bit.
And maybe we can use the money that we save so we can buy some lunch for these kids.
No rule met the lunchroom.
These are things that I never heard of before in my lifetime.
In my life.
In the 600 years I've been alive.
Things I never heard of before.
Only here in Florida.
Where everybody's got all of this money and of course it's all going for graph.
Like the $29 million.
I wonder how many lunches that would buy.
The $29 million they spent for the project. It made Miami International.
That they had a scrap because well we had to change our plant.
And the $29 million went down the toilet.
And the money the $440,000 they spent to bring the pan American games here.
And then we had to send them someplace else because they were going to have Cuba participate.
And we said, oh no we can't do that.
Because all the local politicians including that green go that cracker merits.
Steerheim were pandering to the old Cubans.
Oh yeah, we got to say goodbye to the pan and pan and games.
So that was like slush and money down the toilet.
It's just amazing.
And then by the way, and I never saw anything on the local news this morning.
Governor Boots he was supposed to well, you know, by midnight last night 11.59 p.m.
He was going to like take over the city of Miami because Carroio.
He vetoed the budget because he was pandering to the senior citizens there with this thing he's trying to get through.
I'm lowering the senior citizen taxes.
So they finally came up with a guy that budget for the city of Miami and he vetoes it.
And the governor says that they didn't have a plan in place by midnight last night.
He's taken over and within a week they may suspend all the services in the city of Miami.
But there's no problem.
Let's build a goddamn stadium.
Let's build a freaking stadium for John Henry in a city where the state is about ready to take over the goddamn city again.
Because we can't figure out where the next time is going to come from.
Like I said, crazy people.
Let's build a stadium.
And the best they can do is argue about well, you know, it's too congested over here.
Yeah, well, that's got nothing to do with it.
The fact is that he wants to build a goddamn stadium.
Let it pay his own goddamn money out.
He just gave a million dollars charity away this morning and got his big ugly push in the paper there.
I'll say it again.
Any person who we're going to butterfly it for anybody who wants to give their tax money to this nut.
I must be crazy. I must be.
Oh my god. He needs to be in a rubber room somewhere.
We need to be protected from this guy.
In fact, where's that letter to the editor?
This is great.
Bruce Mata-Calvo in Fort Lauderdale says,
Fort Lauderdale has rushed to pass laws that stop the feeding of homeless people on public beaches.
Our community so offended by these types of beggars demanded and quickly got laws to protect us from them and not a moment too soon.
Why then when confronted by Marlon Zoner, John Henry asking for money to build a state of the earth stadium playground?
Are we left to face this beggar without protection?
Shouldn't there be a law?
Maybe we are to regard his scheme to use other people's money whenever possible as the demonstration of his innate sense of smart business gravity.
No, I think you're right, Bruce. We ought to pass a law because he's publicly begging.
I must be crazy. I must be nuts.
For our god damn money.
But of course, just say, no.
Works like a charm.
You keep playing hands. My happy boy's heart is dead.
I think it's time I set the record straight about my friend George Bush.
Some people sleep there. No desire to chill.
He did drugs back then so what's the point?
Because as the candidate George Bush is fine.
So what if he start that alliance?
Well, he's the best damn candidate I've seen.
I don't care if he's often fed up with it.
The reason Clinton was a ticking mind.
So here's George.
He did a lie.
I guess I just don't understand what the big deal we have.
We've had many presidents like Elvis who've done more than one or another.
Like Gerald Boyr for instance.
Obviously he was on the phone.
Otherwise why was he ballin' down all of a sudden?
That's like Jimmy Carter for example.
But he was still hopped up on scum's little.
He didn't even know there were oddages for the first eight months.
Why even went back to watch it?
I do believe the only reason he jumped down the cherry tree was because he had the munchies.
I'm not sure.
From noon at 5.60 WQ, we got the Hank Goldberg show at two o'clock this afternoon.
With the Genie we could be really special show at the five o'clock.
And then we got talking baseball with big fat smelly Josh Friedman at six.
Seven o'clock the Marlins had the brazes.
We begin the last season, the last series of the season for the Marlins.
We did again, saw it on the CBC last night.
A lengthy report on the Montreal Expose who had a grotesque year.
Although they will finish it into the Marlins but nevertheless.
An average 9,000 people a game.
It's only average in attendance.
And they still said, well, you know, we're going to save the franchise and move back next year.
And the reason we can say that with confidence is we didn't lose any money.
How about that John Henry?
I mean, it was a rough year at the gate for the Marlins but they sure as hell average is a lot more than 9,000 people a game attendance.
At least in ticket sold.
And yet all we ever hear is they're always doing enough.
Yeah, they're always doing that stuff for a squirt in a few here, squirt in a few there.
We're supposed to feel so sorry for them.
Because they just can't make it in that facility.
It's not a goddamn thing wrong with that stadium.
So it rains, you know something big, think and deal.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T world.
Rained in the first year too and you know something they drew over three million people for a season.
In spite of the rain.
Same weather, same location, same parking.
And guess what? All in, by the way, oh, that's another thing I should tell you.
You know this business with Dave O'Brien and John.
John, what the hell is his name? Joe Angel.
I'm getting so pumped out.
I can't even think of his goddamn name. Jo Angel and Dave O'Brien and the way he was handled so poorly that they let it out.
Before the season was over so that they're not speaking to each other, even look at each other.
And there's that tremendous hostility there.
Guess who pulled this off, by the way. Let me give you one clue.
I must be crazy. I must be nuts.
Yeah. And also he's the one that went to Barry Jackass and the given the story.
How do you like that?
To piss off a guy like Joe Angel who did a good solid job for a hover many years.
What was it? Seven, eight years that they've been in existence now?
And instead of waiting until the season was over, which was just you know a few weeks after the announcement was blurted all out to the media and creating all this hard feeling.
You're an asshole, John Henry. That's exactly what you are.
You are a little BDI twirpy asshole who got lucky plan to commodity market made a lot of money.
That's your only claim to fame other than that you're a zero, you're nothing.
You know nothing about public relations just like your predecessor with that organization.
And you think that because your stuff don't think and because you're given money away and because you're sucking around with some of the people in the media.
You got an in with a hero in the sun sentinel.
You think you can pull them over on the public here and we're going to dig deep into our pockets and just hand you over a bunch of money.
So we can build you a guy named fancy play toy. Well guess what John Henry the answer is still nobody like that.
Maybe he can run a few golf tournaments you know.
If he can scam as much money out of golf tournaments as somebody did on the one that we had here a week ago.
Maybe he can wind up with millions and millions. I don't know.
Which you like to find out where that other 23 grand went to.
And somebody sure as hell was an apology that guy out there at Lago Marrow whose job is on the line who had nothing to do with this by the way.
Who they're ready to can because they didn't want any part of OJ.
I know that comes as a great shock to somebody assholes in this building the OJ sickness people the four or five OJ liquor we got.
I don't want to mention Phyllis and Roy and screw in and and Sam by name might come as a great surprise to them.
But there's a whole lot of people beside me or Rogers who don't want to be associated in any way of shape or form with the murderer.
What a shock.
Here's the keys. Hello.
Oh dear. I want to have to bail.
I've lost my little brain lost the point I was going to make.
This isn't totally relevant but it's not unrelated.
Okay.
One of the things that has always confounded me and irritated the crap out of me are people that walk around for 18 or 20 years.
And things are a pretty good place and then all of a sudden they have kids and it becomes a real evil wretched place.
And I think maybe more to the point they should kind of think it through before they decide to have their little darlings.
Right.
Maybe it'd be a good idea instead of trying to change the world.
FD a square-oucher little brat to get your kid ready for the world because it's kind of always been this way.
I don't know.
Maybe I get that sounds cruel and horrific.
You're right.
We have a lot of your children making children today and they haven't got the faukeyest idea or any clues to be responsible parent.
You're right.
I mean I love your idea of forced sterilization.
I've been kind of allying to that myself for years.
But it's kind of a taboo subject.
You're daring to...
Oh yeah because of course it gets into racism and all of a sudden elitism and things like that.
But the fact is it's called survival.
Quality of life.
Quality of life.
That's one of those commie pinko lines.
The right wing is a real nervous when they hear somebody say that.
What time is your little thing tomorrow?
I'd like to drive up and see you.
Noon to two.
Saw Grash Mills Mall.
I'll try to make it.
Okay.
One of the things that I haven't heard in a long time and I did test making a request but was a swing blade, things staying.
You still have that?
Sure.
You got it.
Thank you.
Oh I shouldn't have said you got it.
I'll let that sit in there.
Oh boy.
I don't ever say you got it unless you know that it's in there.
I bet it's not in there.
Is it?
What is it?
Sling blade.
Sling blade.
Oh is that what it is called?
Yeah there it is.
It's in there.
Thank God.
I hate promising.
Oh yeah no problem.
And then it's not in there.
And then they say oh that asshole.
He promised me.
Well, it's in there.
We got it.
560560.
560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
Hi Moon.
Love the show.
I have a friend of mine who will enjoy baseball which I don't.
Especially the morning.
Uh huh.
Ex always telling me and I always argue about the stadium and he says oh we need to be done because it's a business and this will bring money for the franchise.
And I'm like no.
What does that mean?
It's a business that will bring money for the franchise.
Yeah because the public doesn't start a business for somebody else.
If you're in business you put up the money to start your own business.
Right.
And he says oh because not the money that the the consensus fans the money the hot dogs and everything goes for the dolphins.
It doesn't go for the money.
And I say well you know the dolphins at least an acre to the playoffs every once in a while and uh I don't know what they did with the team just breaking off the team right there.
Tell them the biggest hot dog with the marlins is the owner.
Okay sir.
That will solve the problem.
56670560.
Pond 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
As we keep rolling along singing a song.
Few sour notes along the way.
Here's a mobile and four-letter deal.
Hello.
Yeah how you doing?
Okay sir.
Thank God for just a Ventura.
Right.
Hi there.
You know something.
How come I'm not getting the whole bunch of calls about that.
Here's a guy who's the governor of Minnesota who some people think ought to be the president and he says it publicly and again he refuses to retract his comments today.
Thank God.
Organized religion is a sham and a crutch for weak-minded people who need strength and numbers and an excuse to get people to stick to those and other people's business a great line.
And then nobody's got anything to say about it here.
Do they don't get it?
Instead of being president why don't we have them be emperor and then he threw away with the senate.
I agree.
How's that?
Listen to the real reason I call.
I was in a situation the other night.
I laughed so hard and I said I got a call.
I was in a situation with some Cuban so a third generation.
I think I'm a good friend of mine Americanized as you can get.
We were with our parents walking around and these other Cubans were going by speaking Russian because I get to come over later on.
The mother turned to us and said I can't stand it when they speak Russian because they try to not let me know what they're saying.
Not exactly.
They're talking to you in the ass.
I forbid Facebook Spanish to me.
And I love it.
It was perfect.
I laughed so hard.
I said a hypocrite.
A hypocrite.
A hypocrite.
Beautiful.
Hey take care.
Have a good day.
Panamachi Parouski.
Thank you.
Okay.
56070560.
Pound 560 on the AT&R.
I hate when I was goddamn Martian speak Martian behind my back.
You know what?
Because I know they're always talking about me.
It's 12 away to 560 WQAM.
How about that fat boy by the way?
This is 560 QAM.
What the stickier is?
Go look at that lad.
Don't worry.
Look at that.
Now from KTL records comes a new recording.
So unbelievable.
It's a must for all collectors.
You lost only by a potent.
It is Academy Award winning film, Wingblade.
Now hear them sing the best of the police.
As Wingblade.
Don't thank my own plans.
Don't thank my own plans.
Don't thank my own plans.
Don't thank my own plans.
Don't thank my own plans.
Don't thank my own plans.
Don't thank my own plans.
Don't thank my own plans.
Don't thank my own plans.
Don't thank my own plans.
Don't thank my own plans.
Don't thank my own plans.
Mmhm.
You also get...
Don't thank...
Don't thank my own plans.
Don't thank my own plans.
Don't close to my...
And who can forget the police classic?
Well, science.
You don't have to turn on the left side.
Don't...
Don't give your waltz for...
I don't have to look at your choice of bias.
There's a night breaking.
and the fakes are fake and this is without you,
fake you, fake it, without you, fake you,
fake it, without you, without you, without you, without you,
you'll not use the language like that.
And if you order now, you get thing bling, story tellers.
When I wrote this song, I was in the new house,
looking out the window,
hope now it'll get out till the day,
we have throughout some time.
If you want me to keep someone from you,
they would frame you.
With a shot of a phrase 10 till,
if you like the way he talks and had that's the way he tells you.
We've got to have blueed by Unterschied發,
keep order now.
It's 12 minutes after Nathan Bar trò it and 560 WDQM,
560.560 on the 18th. He wireless line. Here's Miami Beach. Hello.
Miami Beach with the phone up in the back. Here's the mobile and
coral spring. Hello. Pick report in Copenet Creek.
Black road in Poles Road. Yeah. Two motorcycle police officers pulling over
people left and right. Our question is, what have you got to government
intervention into people's affairs? Why don't the people speak up for
themselves and tell John Henry to take a hike? Well, what does that mean?
Well, the people, what are they going to do? Go out in the street and with
them. Why don't we just, why don't we just petition John Henry? Well, you
know, there's nothing to petition when if it's on a ballot next year,
which is what he says it is, you go to the ballot and you vote like they did
on the penny sale stacks and that takes care of that. That's the way it's on
the take a hike. Exactly, but the point is I'm saying before he even
establishes the referendum, what are we going to do? And how do you do that?
What's the petition for what? Petition could not have already pulled over to take a hike.
They're not going to support his ball clubs, sir. Okay, you're talking crap.
You're talking cocky. You're talking nonsense. You're talking pure on a
double rated. When it gets on a ballot, like I said, but don't confuse this guy.
Yeah, why don't we go out there and say, Hey, take a hike, John Henry. Okay.
Take a hike, John Henry. You heard it. Look at that board, man. 5, 6, 7,
05, 50, 50, before they had commercial break, by the way, there was every line with
it. Now there is one. Huh? For a two minute commercial break. Right. For a two minute,
well, how do they know that the stations condition them for like 10 and 12 and
13 minute commercial break? They're killing me. I'll tell you that right now.
Killin' me. They're destroying it. It's breaking my back this place.
Paring my kishkis out. Because they haven't got the fongest idea of what
it is. Show us all about how it operates. All they know is how many spots can we stick
in there? How many spots can screw and stick in there? How much business can we
rifle through there? So maybe we can continue with this masquerade in this
array and continue paying John Henry and we have paying all this money. So Greg
can have his ball games. And let me say it again. How many of you would like to have
the money in the bank right now that the station lost on the Marlins these last
two years? Lost our ass. Big time. Here's West Palm Beach. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes
sir. Hey, I want to lunch. I don't know if you already talked about this but I was
reading in the Palm Beach post up here how John Henry's lobbyist quit over
conflict of interest because they also represent IZanga. Yeah. Henry and
how do you separate the two? Those two are also doing it to hit. Oh, they're both
hypocritical. Henry had mentioned in his proposal that he wanted to tax rental
cars to help pay for the state of Wilhelm Street at her IZanga. So now there's a
big problem. These guys are willing to tax anybody in the world as long as it
doesn't affect them. Right. And as long as the money goes in their pocket. Right.
Talk about hypocrites. We don't we haven't got the wherewithal to take any tax
money here in South Florida. There are too many other desperate needs especially
in Dade County but also in Broward. We can't afford to give him any of our
money. Sorry. It's ridiculous. I think we should tax sporting events and
financial managers profits to help pay for schools. Right. I was thinking that
yesterday. How can we don't put a tax on every guy's end ticket that sold for
sporting events a school tax? It's ridiculous. Obviously the lottery money ain't
doing it. So let's just stick money out of tax on there. Oh, it's ridiculous. Hey,
Neil, I love your your musical parody. Okay. All right. I'm out of here. Have a
great day. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Jesse the body says
organized religion is a sham and a crutch for weak-minded people. Nice call and
Jesse. There you go. We're not getting much response on that but you know
something I say right effing on baby. The number of people are got bought and then
of course Warren baby wants to run for president. How do you like that? Warren
frickin baby. See even when you liked Reagan or not which I certainly did not but
the fact is at least he was governor of California before he did before they
had the hoods butter running for president. Here's Warren baby. A washed up
wrinkled up piece of turnt acted with a big shlong anything. He's gonna run for
God damn president based on what? Based on what?
And then of course don't forget the Donald. Oh yeah, the Donald. He's also
gonna run. Here's a guy that's such a brilliant businessman. He got screwed up by
more by more griffin that brilliant. Yeah, not the manure. And he's gonna run for
president speaking with a entrepreneur. Yeah. Good news if there is any today.
Yes Ted Harrison. Ted that. Ted Harrison is dead. Let's have a party. Where'd you
get that from? We just had a confirmation it was on six it was on six ten. So
what's gonna happen with the nine billion dollars? Don't we get it? Betty ran
off to Israel with here's the Harrison family including let's look in the
Mickey with this American Airlines Miami Heterina with their cruise ship
business siphoning all these people from the airport. All right on the guy to the
goddamn port of Miami onto the cruise ships taking all of these tourists out
of here all with the support and encouragement of the Miami Herald that they're
in bed with. And air me one of their ships ports registry to Zandabar
ports registry to Newfoundland ports registry to some any place but America
to make sure that none of the tax money comes back to this country and they have
siphoned not millions with an M but billions with a B out of this town and daddy
took his nine billion dollars and ran off to Israel. Didn't pay any taxes on it
but you know something now he's dead. More to many good now. Oh man that gave me
a reason to continue here. Reason to move on. The people who are doing the worst
to screw and destroy and screw over this town and to siphon the lifeblood out
of it. Those are the ones that the the power brokers love because they're all in
bed together the Herald and Mayor Penga all of these people. 5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami hello. Thank
God for just to venture. Yes sir pardon the expression. If you didn't
tell all the Miami Florida marlins wherever the hell they are and the mine.
I don't have a problem with the stadium. Leave it there. Yeah what's the problem.
Spend the money where we need it. Let me say it again the expo is broke even they
drew 9000 people a game so what's this guy crying about? Absolutely.
And by the way keep in mind the expo are gonna finish about three games
and the marlins have a great day. Okay. How do you like that? I mean they got a
craft team and they recognize it and they're gonna try to upscale and they're
gonna get an infusion to money not a private money not public for next year.
But how do you like that? Somehow they managed to scrape by and they were
honest enough to be forthcoming to say well guess what we were optimistic
because in spite of the horrible year we had we didn't lose any money. What
a press of first year that is Parley who we didn't lose no money up there in
all we all those freaking frogs. Where is this guy? Yeah I can't make it.
Well I tell you it's got to be an SNM town the people here have got to be
massacres. I mean they must just love being whipped and beaten and squeezed and
brutalized and they must be really into it. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello
Neil. Yes sir. How you doing? Okay. Well the ultimate truth is that no matter how
much you screw the people I'm like how much you steal you can't take it with
your baby. Right. 10 everything is dead. Right. Right. Oh yeah that's it. Yes you've
been to a president all the way. Right. And one more thing about these the
black and the Q and they keep on blocking the roads and we'll tell you one thing
they're gonna become hood ornaments. Love you Neil. Okay. Bye bye. Yeah well maybe
they'll be in the hood ornament. 567 the boys in the hood ornament 5670560
0560 on the AT&T line the Hank Wilbur show it to five o'clock this afternoon
it's Jimmy we could be something special Johnson wonder what he's gonna have
to say about the METRIUS Underwood by the way probably announced to us that he's
gonna sit out the season something really dynamic like that and keep in mind of
course we're concerned about the METRIUS for his sanity and for his welfare.
Are we concerned about him? No. Oh here's a mobile and popular hello. Hello. Yes
sir. Okay. Yeah. I'm about to you. Are you gonna reside with them? The
real estate when you're on contact is up or article in the Sun Sentinel where it was
concerned at you and the concert with Q&A. It's a concert to be able to be up in
where was that and the self-fitting on the local when I think it was Wednesday. There
was a article about my contract to meet the article in the Josie Lambeats
column about the OJ thing. Yeah but then they had you and consider your
contract. Yeah and I wonder how you're gonna renew with them? No I'm not. Well
we'll probably be able to find you. I love your show and we're really lost
the big guy. I'll give you my address at Amsterdam okay pal. All right thank you.
Come over in the smoke a little number with me. 5 6 7 you know I'm talking about
yeah. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. This guy's worried about
three years from now. I'm worried about three minutes from now. The way things
are going around here lately. There's only one person to blame that's the guy
with a dark suit that was in here earlier you know acting really outraged
today. He should have been equally outraged or more outraged the week ago. But
nobody else to blame for their behavior but him because he's given he's
allowed them to do this. He's given them the latitude given them the rope and
he's the one that's allowed them to do this to run their little empires here
while he's busy doing God only knows what because he had a meeting with Wayne
Haipinga and John Henry and all these other goyms. You know sooner or later you
gotta take the bull by the horns and assert a little bit of God damn the
management and say hey the crap is gonna stop now. And when you have incestuous
relationships with too many of these people which I've told you many times
before and that's the God damn honest truth right there when you have incestuous
relationships it's kind of hard to cut the cord. But for the sake of the
rest of us have a little monos on those of us who come here and contribute
something every day who bring ratings to this radio station who bring revenue
to this radio station. The people on the ear here who get who suck kind tit
basically except for the God damn money we get and the only reason we get that
money is because it's written on a piece of paper it's in our contract somewhere.
Every other promise you get out of these people you could wipe your
act on with that's what you can do with it. How's kid Curry doing my backstreet
boys tickets by the way. I mean and that that's that's criminal and that's
such a minuscule thing. I mean I could survive without going to that thing as
much it's right next door to my house where I like to go see it but they're not
re-issuing those tickets so naturally if he's actually God I'm if he had them
then he they should be in here right now for December 5. You know just a
little something just a little bone a little anything just to show a little
bit of good intentions just to kind of turn things around a little bit like
see we actually intend to live up to our promises our word isn't totally crap.
You think I'm gonna see those anytime soon? 5.670560.560 on the AT&T. No
seriously they're oblivious man everything in here it's like to with the T-shirts
and the cats and the station of paraphernalia that they expect the people
here to pay for. These are things that George and I never heard of before I've
been in this business for 7000 years before Marconi was around when they had
crystal sets that's how long I've been in this goddamn business and to think
that you try to make the hired hands-year pay for station caps and T-shirts this
is unconscionable that's how cheap these bastards are and they got the
hoods put a sypney in a room and tell me how many millions and millions and
millions of dollars they're pouring through power 96 in this station every month
well great that's wonderful I know I'm responsible for a big chunk of it and I
can live without the goddamn cap in the T-shirt I'm not looking for it but how
about all these other poor bastards around here that don't get squat because
we got X-Jocks running around here who contribute nothing to this place who are
sucking big fat paychecks to every two weeks out of this joint not to mention no
names of course Roy here's a lady mobile in popinohal
hello I don't kneel yes ma'am long time listener never call her okay and I just
decided to call you today because I was so upset over Bill Lindy being traded
yes I just seems like they take the most popular players and trade them away
and then that's Chris Wells or someone yeah I don't I don't understand how Chris
Wells is still on this team it you know what I think it is I think it's
stubbornness they took so much heat forget that Chris Wells deal and trade the
way Barnes and the woolly I think that they're just determined that they're
gonna jam him down our throats you know and he just doesn't have it he ain't got
it I know that's really really and he really put Brewery out of our commission
can you imagine if he would have injured him the other day oh please I can't
I can't even think about Chris Wells he can't even skate backwards right
it's terrible but I wanted to go he can't skate he can't score but other than that
he's a hell of a guy yeah big guy right he looks good and that's the only thing
that stands but I think you're talking about running for president oh we got a
vote for between Bush and Gore he's not gonna get it Bradley's gonna get it
let me say it again Bill Bradley's gonna get the Democratic nomination not
Al Gore I hope you're right okay trust me all right Neil
bye bye good luck to us oh I got a headache man I head to about to just bounce
right off my neck five six seven oh five sixty and by the way George
Corso I want to tell you something you I have never heard so many stories about
the same thing with his phone I am counting 122 different stories now that I've
heard about the reason why the phone needs to be changed it doesn't need to be
changed why we're gonna do this why we can't do that just do it just do something
okay do something for us please soon that's all it's only two years now today is
October one today is our two-year anniversary at least legally here at QAM do
something make it look good
27 past noon at five sixty by you and milkshake
that's what we need president
now this is for Roy and Finn sucks to be you
you
anyway
24 past 60 w here's your facts from Steve's back
spec speak back in the Connecticut no licenses listen to you when I was
living in Florida in the 80s in your W I O D days W I O D oh I hate that
station I'm looking in Connecticut now and if you would see it came across
your website and listen to you on the real play on the internet good to hear
you're not gonna be dead and say good luck and say nice hair from your
up there a connect to get oh by the way so those of you who want to get more
information about Jesse Ventura and his statements and where you can get the numbers
those legalized prostitutes and a good the weed just check out the skunk line
now just look on neowaragers.com you'll see Jesse's picture and we got the his website
and all the other stuff everything you need to know to get in touch with baldy
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 t line as we continue plugging our way along here
to a clock there's an outside chance you might make it and I do mean outside here's
Palm Springs North hello Palm Springs oh they moved to 7 I don't know why
that didn't disconnect they moved to 7 oh they okay let's try Palm Springs over here
huh you're moving up the line how you doing Neil okay hey about Jesse the body I
I like them you know what I've seen and I'm so far I mean as far as a president I mean it's
the bombs that we've been putting in there there's no reason like this guy couldn't go in there
yeah I don't know how to get a chance though he makes sense but I don't like a stand on a
gun handgun so he says you know gun control is how good you can aim yeah well I mean I but I guess
everybody has to have their bad points right I was reading this thing in this raw data it's
a it's a them of the 428 law clerk tired by the current nine justice of the Supreme Court only eight
of them were black out of the 550 hockey players in NHL nine of them are black yeah eight can I
call somebody to do something what does that mean well I don't know I just thought it was kind
of ironic only eight people eight of the 428 law clerk tired by the nine Supreme Court just
was only eight of them were black yeah I mean that's pretty why I don't know I mean that's a lot
I mean a white people in a way sounds good to me hey Neil the king again is a lot of beautiful white
people there what's wrong with that well no there's nothing wrong with a lot of nice white people
I don't see anything wrong with it no I just thought it was kind of odd if you want to find
places where there's a lot of sparsers I'll give you all kinds of I just believe in a bad neighbor
I'll take up to the trouble go take a drive down 12th Street okay take it easy Neil okay have a great
thing okay nine black hockey players in the NHL honey like that see the deal is most of the hockey
players are from Europe and the Canada fewer merkins the most of them are from countries where
there aren't very many sparsers so what can I tell you fine and like I said a million times before
it's a white people sport I mean the sparsers took over baseball they took away and also the
Hispanics and the sparsers took over the NBA and terribly and the National Football League so
leave something for the white guys what's wrong with that five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on a 18th line here's the call from Rochester hello hi Neil yes sir hey one time first time
all right hi there's a call for the Cobb's Hill yeah I'll go to Dunne Bob's for you all right I just
left Florida two weeks ago and I'm missing a hat got it so I'm missing key on the net great and I
want to play the softened song with Brian Cox all right five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on a 18th wireless line here's temper pines hello hey Neil let's start first time
caller all right I wanted to talk to you about the schools and and just be buddy then tour I'm
originally from Minnesota and I was I went to school their grade school high school and whatnot
the school is down here jiff are pathetic the worst the worst and I have a nine-year-old daughter who's
in the third grade here in pines and I put her in the charter school of year and one thing is
better about the charter school versus the public schools is parents have to volunteer like 20 25
hours a year right to keep your child there and there's the classrooms running like 20 students
for teachers which should be which way it should be but where our schools really fall out is
expectation my daughter came home with homework yesterday how did how to learn how to tell time
third grade a clock a big old clock with hands we're going to try to teach your how to
spoke you know tell time she's very great it's just ridiculous yeah are they going to also
teach you the difference between yes and no yeah exactly right you know that that's not from one
to five that's about it here's three plus three four plus four you know in the second grade
how to tell time in the third grade right what kind of expectations is that as low as that's
the mercenacian way man that's where it works but in third grade it teaches nothing right absolutely
not that was when I was in high school in my senior year we had a young American history teacher
who was as dumb as the as the fallen snow and this guy thought he spent a whole semester
on teaching the president's in order from one to whatever we had at that time and he spent the
whole semester on and you know something two-thirds of the club which I already knew them and the
hook by the end of the year semester most of the class didn't know many way I think we got as far
as Lincoln so I mean that's that's the problem with Florida schools not the problem with American
schools Florida schools are among the worst but American schools like you say the expectation
is so low and what they teach you when I went to Michigan State the reason that I'd decide to
screw around for two years that I was there and I waste my time going to class is there were
rehashing stuff that I had in my junior and senior years in high school I wasn't learning anything
I'm the joke true right now because it's first semester of the third grade is revisiting you
know like the middle part of the second grade right why are we wasting our kids time
yeah but just look at this you've got a nice new clock there anyway oh yeah I'll absolutely
okay pal okay what about just about the body mentor he's he would be a great president yeah but
he yeah like I said he's already buried himself because he's too honest he's talking about things
that make too much sense the American public they can't deal with that they're too mature
utilizing pot and prostitution and not an organized religion I mean he's just two against the
mainstream they'll never go they'll never buy into it and anybody here in the Florida or in
Miami Beach or South Beach who doesn't realize the prostitutions already legalize just not tax yeah
is ridiculous you go on a house beach at any time of the night and you see the prostitutes going
up and down the street and the cost of sitting right there hey they don't give a hoot forget about
that just go into singles bars it's it's legalized it's legalized have a big day pal and it's
pretty expensive to those dinners and those drinks can beat that gator meat
I'm there how are you looking good looking good
finally got a mortgage for our pets I get 25% interest they've made
well it's the major scores thank you mommy star
in just a couple of months we're moving in honey naked women filling our pool with gyms
and
I love
I'm there to
you
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
smiling and I know why
well
I can't wait to ride
the coastal
and
I love
I'm
I'm
I'm
It's a 1245, but that thing just, I mean, like that.
Like 1245 at 560 WQA and 567 O560, 0560 on the 18T world.
Kind of like our calls do during every break.
Like that.
Just to be honest, like just watching the flip-off thing there.
So let's talk to George Corso about that phone.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Here's a lady mobile in Davie.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Neil.
Yes, I am.
Long time fan.
Listening to for years.
Uh-huh.
Big hockey fan.
Yeah.
I'm also a bartender in a sports bar here in Davie.
Anytime you're in the area to appreciate you coming by so you and I can talk hockey.
But I wanted to make a couple comments on a little indistrate and it's unfortunate that
we do have to let good players go, but nobody's going to want the weaker players who
want Chris Wells.
Right.
That's true.
I mean, we can't.
We're not going to get anything for him.
But my question is why did they bother resigning him before the season?
Uh-uh.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know how we ever got here anyway.
I've been listening to you when Stu Barnes left.
Fortunately, he went to the penguins, which is my favorite hockey team.
So I mean, that was good for the penguins.
Unfortunately, he's left the penguins.
Right.
Um, I'm going to be real honest with you.
The last two seasons as much as I liked him and he was here from the start and that
goal, you know, I have the big poster at home of that great goal.
He scored against the Bruins in the playoffs.
It's his the most famous goal probably in Panther's history so far.
But Billy Lindsay last two years had been doing less and less.
And he really wasn't contributing very much.
And even though we tried hard and he was hard, you know, got a good fit.
He didn't really contribute a lot to this team.
My only question is, you know, this business about toughness, to me, that's just a cliche.
That's a bunch of bull crap.
You need guys who are productive is what you need guys out there who can score.
Guys who are productive guys who are really skilled players and Todd Simpson.
I hate to break the news here.
He's a tough nose, hard hitting defenseman, but he's not.
He doesn't he doesn't bring what we really need to this team.
We can't we can't go out and get 10 guys to protect Paul Belbray because the organization is so paranoid about if
Bray, you know, somebody sneezes on him.
It's a contact sport.
You know, you have to you have to take your best shot.
Absolutely.
I've seen it take us for seven years.
I actually I actually find myself right now.
Like I said, I'm a true lover of hockey, not just the Panthers.
The Panthers because I live here was a great way to see all the other teams and all the players.
That's what I'm, you know, I love hockey.
I like players on all.
But like I said, I wanted to invite you to let these wings and love our next home, Deepo and Davy.
Okay.
Anytime you want to talk, you want dinner, wings, my name is Sue.
Okay, Sue.
And I love listening to this.
Okay, I'll see you tomorrow.
Okay.
Bye.
Why was she laughing?
I think she's going to be there tomorrow night.
Five, six, seven to Mar night's opening night.
By the way, Washington, Capson, Florida, Panthers is the game sold out.
By the way, do we have any idea?
Wasn't as if the last time I checked opening night better be sold out.
Cancel opening night out.
You got real problems down the road.
Sweetheart.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60 pound, five, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil, how are you?
Pretty good.
Happy hockey season two.
And happy circus.
Yeah, that's a good fellow friend of my wife just moved down here.
Start working in a day at schools.
Mm-hmm.
And I wish you knew a half of the stuff that went on there.
You're talking about the food.
Right.
They put food out at 10 a.m.
Because they have 36,000 kids they have to get through the classes.
So the mayonnaise and the juice and the sourdressing.
Mm-hmm.
The kid can get about two, 15.
Ooh, I bet you buy that.
I bet you buy one, one, 15, one, 30.
The botulism is sticking off.
You can cut it with your toenail.
Well, it's really nice because the cafeteria is about 95 degrees.
Uh-huh.
And of course all the employees there at the cafeteria wearing a shower cap.
And so about two, 15, 15, but 90 degrees.
Can you imagine how much snot you can get in there by one, 15, one, 30 when you're picking your nose?
Pretty appetizing stuff.
Like in your rectum.
And I understand why people are beefing about the fact that their kids don't have books.
If they had books, that mean they actually have to use them.
And have to staff there that don't even know how to use them.
Right.
It's a joke.
And the bigger joke is that most of the people who live here don't give a crap.
Oh, it rather have a space ball stadium.
It's, you know, it's just, it's like a big care center.
It's a place to send your kids off to get them out of your hair for a few hours.
So there's a rumor going around that next week there's going to be the WQAM Ted
because Ted goes into the open.
Yeah, he's going to be there.
That's right.
Well, go leaf go.
And amen.
Circulator.
Yeah.
By the way, is anybody know if the leaf signed the, uh, you scavenged slash night?
What am I asking for?
To be true to your scavets.
We don't know.
The sign Brian Barardi has today.
Nobody here knows who that is, by the way.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8,
Palm 5, 6, 8, on the AT&T wireless line.
400 open lines here.
Tomorrow night opening hockey game.
Washington captured the Florida Panthers that lady from the bar in Davies,
she called this guy.
He's a hockey fan.
So that's two.
Here's Cooper City.
Hello.
Hey, how are you today?
Okay, sir.
I got to tell you some little school story.
I got a kid in six grade, right?
He comes home the other day with an F on his math test.
I go ballistic on him.
Yeah.
So then you have to I calm down.
I said, okay, well, let's look at this test.
This damn teacher marked like eight of the problems wrong.
And I'm saying like, you know, it's like sequence of numbers.
And you think, okay, I'm not the rocket scientist.
But I could figure out that.
Yeah.
And I'm like, it's got to be C.
It's got to be, and this, this bitch, she marks, you know,
the kid has an A and she marked them all.
And he'll she says, I mean, I mean, I'm reading to an ass when he got home,
you know, how can you do this?
Right.
And she says, oh, sorry, I made a mistake.
I'm like, bitch.
Exactly.
And you're one of the thing about the, oh, Wayne,
you see the latest little study, not that I care about the pant or stock,
but how he changed it now to RST instead of pant is holding out the poker resorts.
Right.
He's facing the pant is out of it.
Every year he changes the ticker symbol.
And it's like, you know, just think of all the people that bought that crap.
Thank God it was smarter of not to.
It's a little bait and switch is what it's called.
Yeah.
I mean, now the pant is like a little tiny glimmer of the poker resorts.
Right.
This guy is a scum and as far as the base, you know, and I,
this guy yesterday called about the Flamagan High.
It is true.
I got a kid that goes there as well.
4300 kids?
I don't know about the exact population, but they got this little,
it looks like a little army barracks on Pine's boulevard.
And there is no shout.
And you know what, I called the school board just to say, well, what's the story with
that?
Well, you know, you get these people that they don't know.
They build all these houses out there.
You know they're building for families.
Don't you think that the building would even take a survey?
How many kids are going to live in the house or what's the, you know, what's the yellow?
No, no, I don't because it's the same thing with the roads here.
It's like 595, it was obsolete before they finished building it.
It's like everything else that's done down here.
These are a bunch.
Don't you understand this is a Yokel state?
These are Yokels trying to do things that they have no concept of how to do.
But, you know, even like when these people go into a new building or just they have dog
worms.
How many people are going to be?
Obviously people who are buying $320,000 a house with five and six bedrooms, they're
not living for just two people.
Why can't they even project out ahead of it?
You know, the cities, let these builders come in, knock the land down.
I mean, because their mentality is the same as the teacher that gave your kid the wrong
grade on this test look.
Exactly.
You know, I don't, she did say, oh, sorry.
I'm like, you know, I'm almost, you know, not that it was, you know, I just like, I
just like, I just like, I just like, I just like, I just like, I just like, I just
like, I just like, I just like, I just like, I just like, I just like, I just like,
that's right.
You got a big F.
You ought to take your kid to school and just, you'd let him paddle or ask for big fat
ass.
Yeah.
Can I have a sofa king and honor of this bitch?
Okay.
Thanks.
Yeah.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I made a mistake or two or three.
Like I said, let's start taking a survey of some of these principles and teachers that we
got indeed, county and some in Broward.
People like, like I said, have to sign an X for their name.
People that do not be speaking proper English.
People like.
System barricing.
You see them on TV and they're talking bubbomics.
They're talking crap.
They're talking cock-o.
They're talking banana boat talks.
Some of them.
And they're teaching your kids.
Who the hell is anybody?
Kidna.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Are you doing this, sir?
Great.
Listen, I got a little story about the cops that something happened to me last week.
I know you've been off that subject for couple days.
And I heard it in the car on, I guess I'm curious.
They didn't get a chance to call a film out, but all of the black people complaining about
every, every action of the cops.
is a racially motivated. I'm a white guy, 35 years old. I live in the Gables. Last Thursday night, I'm going over to Burger King to get by T-Rome 10-45.
My Amy Dayed cop got behind me. I wasn't doing anything wrong as for our traffic stuff, driving a 1998 white Mitsubishi.
He bulls me over after about five minutes. I step out of the car and the guy is really nervous. He's got his hand right on his gun already. Almost threw it on me.
Real clean cut got short here. White guy, and he stopped me actually in the Gables.
What's a white guy like you doing in the Gables?
I was stopping because it wasn't because there was something traffic related. Then he tells me there was an APB or they call it a bull row. Just put out on a white guy driving a white Mitsubishi. Just like yours.
They just robbed a gunpoint, the wind exit right now. White Bronco or white Ford Bronco?
White Mitsubishi.
I'm sure he was really nervous and I had a belt bag on it. I had a belt bag on it. I'm sure he would have drawn my gun and wouldn't have hesitated.
Don't rush for your waistband.
Just ask Sherry Winston to taste good like a jackass should.
That was a white cop and I'm sure he was being motivated by fear of crime, not because of any racial things.
That was it. Just wanted to share that.
Okay, pal, I'm glad you're still with us.
Don't reach for your waistband because like Sherry Winston tastes good like your ass should.
All these guys reaching for their waistband. Don't do it again. I guess you won't.
That waistband thing.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5. It's like in sync. There's a waistband.
I'm sorry, I'm f***ing low.
You'll never find them anywhere else. Listen to me. When I say so f***ing as a beautiful store, I mean so f***ing beautiful.
When I say staff is helpful, I mean so f***ing helpful. Listen to me. Get to know the so f***ing and enjoy a selection that's so f***ing huge.
A staff that's so f***ing courteous and pricey is that a so f***ing low. You'll never shop anywhere else.
But don't take it for me. Take it from satisfied, custom of frank and spine.
So f***ing good.
You set a fracky so f***ing good.
Hold on by the way.
NHL team starts tonight for the four hockey fans out there for the ACNF fans.
Can you just say that this is the last we hear of Wayne Gritsky night, please.
As the arrangers are playing in Edmonton, it's on Madison Square, MSG. It's on the small dish. It's on TVC. It's on everywhere.
And it's the 800th Goodbyte in 99.
Buy Wayne, okay. Buy Needle-Lows. Have a great life. But enough with him already, please.
This guy's been saying goodbye longer than Goddamn Michael Jordan.
Goodbye Wayne. Have a good life, okay?
Go make some babies. Get out of here.
56670560, 0560 on the AT&T line.
You have some exciting time of year for those of us who are real hockey fans, all four of us.
I mean, there will be thousands of people at the Macarena tomorrow night.
And wouldn't it be nice if they really understood what the hell was going on?
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hey, Neil. How you doing?
Okay, sir.
Good. You know what? I've been really enjoyed your show this week. You did on some really great topics.
You know, the OJ system thing, the only thing that you can say about that is that your station obviously does not care about you.
Is it about its sponsors in order to care any Iota about center one?
There's one word that is lacking in this place. That word is credibility.
This station does not understand what the word means. They don't care about their own credibility.
They don't care about the credibility of those of us on the air.
They don't care about the credibility of our sponsors of center one of the things that we get involved in promoting.
And that's unconscionable. I mean, you know, if they don't care about their own credibility, that's bad enough.
But don't suck the rest of us into it.
Absolutely. You know, in the other, you know, a couple of the other topics you talked about as far as the individual they got shot down in my life.
You may have deserved it. You may not have deserved it.
The only person that can actually say anything at this point is the police officer, because dead men don't talk.
You know, that's the other thing. But lastly, the school issue, I really wanted to call your show when you were talking about that.
I haven't 11 year old that attends the school in Trump or Pines.
That carries probably a 15 to 18 pound backpack every day.
Because there are no lockers in the school.
They have to have five to six different like a school carer practice to for the kids.
Well, you know, it's really bad because they're talking about, you know, what they recommend to the parents is that you go out and you purchase one of these little rolling backpacks now as opposed to the ones that they carry on their back.
You know, like you, you know, people carry in their luggage.
Right. You know, they're missing the whole thing like the kids go to the airport, not the school.
Absolutely. They are missing the whole point.
I thought it was so ironic that our legislature found $15 million to save the Miami Circle, but we cannot correct the school properly.
Right. $600,000 to the mayor and mayor at Steerheim in one way or another having a circle jerk at the circle right now.
Well, wait, $600,000 to do a study on an obsolete I 75 and 595, which they knew when they were built in the air.
Absolutely before they finished right.
Absolutely. Because everybody's moving out. Everybody wants to live at the end of the Everglades.
You know, it's, I tell you what government in itself is really pissed for.
We as the people that put these people in office listen to them and you know what we have to hope for the best.
They sell us one thing just like Mayor penis and I'm really glad I don't live in Miami.
He told us one thing and he did another with the Mickey Harrison thing.
I'm coming.
Hey, Harrison is dead. I'm glad you reminded me.
Oh, I'm becoming a hockey fan, but I will not buy tickets to the National Car Rectals Center.
Right.
Because of the fact that I won't support anything that takes dollars away from our children's education.
I will not support the new Miami Airlines arena, whatever it's called down there, because I happen to agree that here's a guy that's got a gazillion dollars that won't build his own stadium.
Okay. And have a great day.
Of course, we were, you know, given a song and a dance at Mickey Harrison did build the American Airlines arena and he did pay for part of the construction cost, but the fact is the taxpayers are going to be the ones to take it up the rectum as you were lied to again by Mayor Pingha.
Who did that sudden about face? I mean, are you kidding anybody, Mr. Mayor?
Your own lock stock and barrel or you're not fooling anybody, even the dumbest of the dumb.
Even the most professional of the Cubanos, you're not fooling them either.
I mean, Cuban politicians, they're a dime. It doesn't. We'll let Bertor Nandas out. Okay. Put him in there. Maybe you can go after his wife and that lawyer friend, 567-0560, pound 560.
How's that divorce coming, Bert? It was all done. 10 second divorce.
Like I said, don't trip on the chains on the way back to your cell.
Here's sunrise. Hello.
Sunrise. Going once, long gone. Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir. Hollywood.
Good get up. Hello. Yes, sir. Speak to me.
Two reasons why the Miami School District sucks. Yes. There is truth to the expression, those who can do, those who can't teach.
The teachers in Miami are dumber than most of the students.
Dumber than sawdust, yes. The second reason is the first three to four years of schooling in Miami is taught teaching these kids how to speak English.
It drives me nuts that my kid who goes to school has got to spend half of her class time listening to a bunch of kids who don't understand English language and who've got to, and my tax money is being spent to teach these kids English.
They don't learn English in home and they really ought to and the tax payers shouldn't have to support.
The English is the second language craft that's being taught in schools right now.
Okay. Thanks. Okay, see you.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. You look at a country where there's many functionally illiterate people walking around.
You want to see the taxes I get and I'm not talking for people who are like dummies. I mean, you can tell. Not for people who are like total retards.
For people who allegedly at least got enough intelligence to send a fax and you read and there's something thoughtful there and something that maybe make a little sense.
But you look at the spelling and you say to yourself, yeah, like that. Like, what is this?
What, where do these people go to school? Did they get like a fourth grade education?
No, you can't get an education here. I mean, the majority, I'd say like 70% of the people in this country are dumb or then saw dust.
And keep in mind that 40 to 50% of the people, this isn't something I'm making up. This has been a steady figure for years now.
40 to 50% are functionally illiterate.
Viva America, baby. They don't come any dumber than the Americans and they like it that way. Of course, that's part of the game plan.
Keepin' dumb, keeping pregnant, keeping dumb.
Eight minutes after one at 560 WQM because once you got a little bit of a brain and you become dangerous.
Like, this is the same. Like, this is the same. Like, this is the same.
But we must tell you, we swear with my name, if you want. These outfits are planned. They will take your hand.
We got a man. We swear with my name. We look like kids. We're designers. We sing light up, but just do your ideas.
We're standing out, aging says we gotta sing. These things are not good. Our biggest fans are 12 year old girls.
Who sing for us, kids, as in these. Yeah. I think it's older than all things we're out. We're hiding our latency.
One thing is for sure we get many joy.
We do. We do.
We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do
doing. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. We do. Those are the parents. these are the parents. These are the parents. These are the parents. They are the best parents. These are the parents. Those are the parents. These are the parents. These are the parents. They are the parents. They are the best parents. These are the parents. These are the parents. These are the parents. These are the parents. These are the parents. These are the parents. This is the previous 30. I think this is actually aуюating in snow we do. This is an ordinary solution. This is the new house conquered from the rock bottom and Ice 35. That's incredibly easy. It's an ordinary solution. That's some of the marriage psons and
watching on the cvc huh big time about two or three of us five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's a mobile in bokeh
hello hey Neil yes sir yeah just I want to let you know I've been with this
Panther thing and that ticket has been a season ticket holder for over four
years yes and this year for the first year we just said you know what it's just
such a hassle and such an aggravation forget it but we're gonna go ahead and
we're gonna buy individual game tickets as they come up right I've been trying
for two weeks to buy tickets you try to go out and you get on this ticket
master junk and they turn around and tell you well we only got one section
available section so until one fourteen up in the back row twenty five and then
I said okay well I'm not doing that I want better seat fog out to the to the
center and get them from the box office so they're using the ticket master
out with thing anyway but what they tell you is is well we're not releasing any
of the good seat until we make sure the season tickets are all bought out and
now they can't even sell out for for opening what you're saying doesn't make any
sense what do you mean until the season tickets are all bought out the
season tickets aren't all gonna be all bought out no I know what they're saying is
they won't release any lower bolt tickets they won't release any of the leftover
Emerald Club tickets any of the Lexus level tickets until they're sure that they
don't have somebody coming in there and buying those special game packs we could
buy twenty games for X amount of dollars or what it is they're only releasing
certain section yeah till it gets down to either game day or the day before the
game so there's there penalizing themselves and and the people out there
because they're not releasing all the tickets saying well there's a hope that we
might sell some more season tickets or somebody special package tickets
they're only going to give you an offer the worst sections available until it gets
closer to game time so I mean they're shooting themselves in the foot they want to
build a arena make it available to everybody did they offer your free binoculars
too yeah that's just the problem you know then they've been when they've
checked your binoculars to make sure they're not hollow and you carry a liquor
into the place right anyway that's just a comment and you know they had to open
up the tickets a little earlier and you know we'll come out and we'll spend our
hundred twenty five hundred fifty bucks a game hey listen they ought to kiss your
ass yeah well thank you okay I'll see you there pal thanks all right let's see
can we find out if OJ charges a talent field it says I have a sick feeling in my
stomach that those conspirators at the station are holding back information oh
yeah there's there's a lot of other stuff here that we haven't uncovered yet but
we will we will we got the Shrylock Holmes coming in we got Colombo we're going to
loan them Sammy Davis's spear eye five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
on a 18 T wireless line the enthusiasm the excitement for the Panther open
up against the caps are all right is so I think you could cut it with your
goddamn left toe by the way did you know Maryland on rollhead six toes I'm one
found her one foot no I did not well I'll show you you got to read the globe
man which by the way says a Panty and John Bennett and John Ramsey will be
charged very very shortly for you're already yeah let's get with it we can
make some real mileage out of that where the hell is the picture here of
Maryland Monroe and she had to chopped off an erector toe to here it is memories
of Maryland and there's the look at that those six tiny little toes before
turning into a movie sex iron she had a six toe remove from her left foot and
there is a picture and here's a close up six toes on her left foot how do you
like that huh some other words if the Kennedy's one of the suck on Maryland's
toes there was enough to go around for everybody and even let the dole and Joe
have one too five six seven oh I wonder who's got the extra toe here's
coral gables hello yes sir now can barely hear you right okay be heard
the hell with you it's in the waist basket on the weekend section page 22 yeah
OJ and the same we already we started with at this morning I'm sorry about that
that's okay burn it thanks please burn it anybody's got a copy of the today's
here old burn out weekend section page 21 G how come everybody says they're
close we had somebody said page 20 and he says 22 it's right in the middle
there it's page 21 G in the a weekend section of the hero and there's
Sam Ducay and there's Roy Foster and there's OJ in the middle and his new bitch
and I mean yeah we're pretty embarrassed about it we're mortified and we're
disgusted and we're nauseated they just keep rubbing it in and rubbing a
salt in the wounds and running around and and using him as a weapon against all
the rest of us against the decent people who work here at WQAM who don't want
to be associated with some murdering son of a bitch I mean you know you've got
to draw the line in the sand I think this is the place at which you do it this
is where it stops the OJ crap the OJ disease stops right here man 5 6 7 0 5
60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line here's sunrise hello I know when I was in
high school I know we're talking about middle school now we're talking about
all school well the football isn't that bad but even if you didn't like it they
had a side boy when they saw much real sticks and yeah okay great 5 6 7 0 5
60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line much a real sticks here's a mobile and Palm
Beach hello mobile and Palm Beach hello yes sir yeah I want to talk about an
indication in the school about what about what about um yeah
you know why the other student was so stupid because they're telling about it
about school yeah thank you okay thank you you might as well as a stupid to
have a campaign smart like him I sure hope I can be smart someday like him you
know you know uh huh thank you 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T
oneless line thank you sir and by the way they'd revoke your visa mastercard
and American Express Gold card here's Pompato hello is this Pompato sounds like
it Pompato yes sir yes I am we could use some of the money from the golf
tournament that you made to do help build the stadium oh yeah there you go that
work yeah 23 grand that'll go a long way that'll build the what two seats
he's he's riding around in a limousine you're sitting there suffering yeah I
don't get it I'm not suffering I'm doing okay I'm driving a nice Corvette I'm not
suffering I say we just uh I don't okay here's a camera killer
hello Neil yes sir yes I want to come in on the education in colleges I don't
know if you knew this but on in Florida colleges you have to pass a plastic
exam which is kind of like a literacy test yeah and order to go on to your junior
year right so and the reason they're doing that is because it you know they're
putting the illiterate people coming out of college that doesn't say a whole
lot for our higher education here in Florida right well maybe we ought to have
social promotion all the way through you know just just even the playing field
out okay pal thank you whatever you said you can't complain about the
education the state of Florida because basically there isn't any I mean there's
a few we got some bright students out there I'm not not gonna everybody we got
some real bright kids who like make a gigantic titanic effort on their own but
generally speaking it's a sham and a forest and that's because it's a Yahoo
state and because you got crooked politicians you got corrupt people in your
goddamn school board you got inept people principals and school teachers who
are illiterate and you got a bunch of parents who are busy paying bingo
what the hell they're doing I have no idea what they're doing and neither
today obviously five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T
wireless line here's Fort Lauderdale hello hello my name sounds just like you
all right Neil I forgot about the school system you know I'm I'm an only child you
know I'm I'm unemployed I live with my mom I'm 35 years old and she's a
millionaire and I'm the executive or will so I can give a crap about all this
right excellent but let's get down to the good stuff I was in your first
person I called you about three years ago I do a lot of business over at
Tampa and I have a brush with greatness again the same person you'll never
believe it Peter North in the Tampa airport all right second time in three
years face to face wrapping with them for about ten minutes he was doing a
gig over there for mom's Venus he's got to be getting pretty old now he's a
terrible yeah he's old he'd have a bag I think he's 86 I mean he can still shoot
it pretty good but he's 86 his eyes were bagging out he had a double-kinned it
looked like his he hadn't been lifting weights I was wrapping with him about his
book because when I saw him in Tampa he signed my book kind of training
insights and I told him I go I spilled out the book he signed yeah he was
a big guy yeah you put on their best wishes Dom have loads of fun Peter North
sports work yeah and I asked him about the adult film industry and he says it's
only getting bigger yeah I go really he goes it's only getting I don't think he's
gonna get any bigger I think he's big enough but I asked him I'm still making
films and he said well he said you know in and out of them I'm in and out of the
industry I'm he's in and out a lot I'm not in the lot crazier and he's just
he's into the websites now right yeah that's where the big money is now you know
definitely the house yeah but in closing Neil I mean anything would tell about
the mad dog things volume too I mean he's the only guy that brings a smile for
my or how about this hey Neil this is Randy West and as for our phone
conversation I talked to Peter North the other day he tells me your real name is
Neil down yes really I'm still interested okay have a great day I'm gonna say
hi to Peter okay there you go go with some man oh right programming the whole
goddamn show okay I think he's too obsessed with Peter 5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 I was like Peter though here's a letter by the way from oh boy
log on our country club copy of a letter is faxed to me and of course it's
written to Luane Winick our sales manager
says dear Luane thank you very much for all the kind words regarding our
staff's performance during WQAM celebrity golf event on September 24th
however you blindsided log Omar with O.J. Simpson no on second thought you just
plain lied to us we asked you specifically in a pre-event planning if Mr.
Simpson had been invited or was expected your response was that it had been
considered but you decided against inviting him because of potential
controversy not evenly we took you at your word Mr. Simpson's name did not
appear on the contestants list and you'd not indicate in any way that he was
expected when he did arrive and I expect you knew he was coming you made
matters worse by having a resistant call every media organization in the
area including the national inquiry Luane Logo Mar was a
surprised and very reluctant host to Mr. Simpson your strategy to get him on
property was underhanded but effective your comment to me that all
publicity is good publicity may hold true for radio station but not does not
for a country club the only protection we have from
reoccurrence when dealing with deceitful people is to not deal with them
therefore WQAM will not be welcome back at Logo more additionally Logo Mar
will in the future director advertising dollars away from WQAM yours truly
Chuck Hart general manager carbon copying the erudges
that's going Chuck that's the way it happens when you do business with
liars Chuck believe me I know all about the liars we got liars remember that
show the liars club we could start our own right here inside this building
lie and lie and lie and lie and play games into all kinds of crap
beyond touchables the inside little country club we got go in here at QA
and those people are getting in the way of those of us who are bringing in all
the cash those of us who are getting all the ratings those of us who have
built this radio station into what it is today those people who think that
they can continue playing their little god damn games you know the ones I'm
talking about the fearsome force of you know what I'm talking about so I don't
blame you Chuck you can imagine how we feel and believe me that kind of
publicity is not good for radio or country clubs or anybody else because
decent people don't want to be associated with him anywhere including us
let's frame that Friday you
oh
that night when he turned off all the lights there's a play player see good heart
oh no oh it was gonna get hurt oh day went out to kill her oh day went out to kill
her oh day went out to kill her
oh day the jury's got a bad pre-o-t
we're all we know we've got to head you're with me oh yeah
oh day is gonna get you
is true oh day is gonna come after you and then you'll get away with that
want to move oh yeah oh day is gonna get you
oh day is gonna get you oh day is gonna get you
oh day is gonna get you one night
oh
so
you keep you
Okay, it's a 133-560 QM.
So there's anybody who thinks that, oh, you know, Neil and maybe Hank too, we were
like going overboard on the OJ thing.
Believe you me, you haven't seen the tip of the iceberg yet in terms of the
psychosis that went on and the fallout from this fiasco because we have, you know,
two or three irresponsible people in this place will sacrifice all the rest of us
so they can play their own little games so they can use OJ as a weapon so they
can hang around with a celebrity so they can be vicariously famous.
You know, see if it's me, there's two people, maybe three, but certainly two, they
may be out of here already, they be out the door.
No questions asked.
So we'll see, you know, come Monday if this is a real radio station and not if they're
serious about doing business here or not because the embarrassment level, it's
getting to the part where it's just almost unendurable.
Here's the lady mobile and four-letter, hello.
Yeah, how you doing?
Okay.
I thought I shared a short story with you.
My son, he's 17 years old, we live in light half-point.
Right.
And he was walking home from his part-time job yesterday.
You know, he goes to school at your home on the bus and then he goes to his part-time
job and he's walking home.
Right.
And he comes and tells me, hey, Mark, guess what happened?
You know, two light half-point police pulled him over, well, he's walking, he's starting
to start to them.
Yeah.
And they stopped them because it was two hours after school he let out because he was walking
slowly and because his book bag was heavy.
No.
Yeah.
Probably had at least a pound of weed in there, I would think.
Yeah.
Maybe a couple of hand grenades, two from work and everything.
Yeah.
Unbelievable.
So don't walk slow.
Yeah, unless you're over the age of 100.
Yeah.
If you're over the age of 100, you can walk slow and drive slow and you'll ever get stopped.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You have to listen to your book bag.
Thanks for the good news, sweetheart.
Yeah.
See you at Cemetery Village.
All right.
Okay.
Yeah, like I told you, it's not a place for young people.
You're young people out there.
You better go into hiding, okay?
They don't want no part of you.
Got to keep checking his back.
I need to see if I'll come over to facts.
It's a special thanks to Jimmy J.J. Walker of KKAR Omaha, Nebraska, who had president
adventurer dot com spokesperson, spokesperson Bernie Siegel on the show in November 18, the
same to WIOD in Miami.
WIOD in Miami.
What they'll talk show they got on here.
None.
All Venture Supporters, it's bread to good work.
But this is on the Venture for President website.
This is from Eric.
I don't get it.
But never enough.
They must have the wrong station.
They must have the wrong station.
WIOD.
The set of straight Eric.
Yes, get him a straightened out, Eric.
And don't bug me with this crap right now.
Here's the update on this story, which you've been hearing about.
A quietest principal on leave after car incident.
The principal of a Ford Lauderdale prep school has taken a leave of absence while school officials
investigate an accident in which he crashed his car into a bush while giving a former student
to ride.
There's no fact in the church.
William Heller, principal at St. Thomas Aquinas High School, of course a Catholic high school.
Told police he crashed to a silver toy at a camera because he was afraid the former student
would rob him.
But the student, a 16 year old Ford Lauderdale resident, said the car ran into the bush
after he tried to turn it off because the principal had been touching him and would not
let him out.
Police said.
A police report was made but neither Heller nor the student would press charges, efforts
to reach Heller were unsuccessful.
Unsucked, successful.
We're looking into the incident to determine the circumstances said Montenegro, Vincent
T. Kelly, supervising principal at St. Thomas, there are conflicting accounts of it.
Heller went on paid leave when they school officials said.
A Ford Lauderdale police officer was sitting in his patrol car on a surveillance operation
in the 1600 block of northeast 930 to 1030 PM September 15 when he saw the crash.
The officer reported seeing the boy jump out and hit and kick the driver.
He then saw the youth run from the car shouting, get the F away from me.
The youth who attended St. Thomas during his freshman year.
He was a little fat in the church and Heller offered him a ride on sunrise boulevard.
Then refused to let him out the report said.
Heller who suffered minor cuts on his face told the officer he offered the youth
to ride to be nice.
He wanted to be nice.
That's what I always called it.
Sure.
Wouldn't it be nice?
5607-0560, 0560 on the AT&T Line 22-Till 2 at QAM.
This is 560-QAM.
Hey, one moment.
Cover.
No, this thing is crashing.
What?
It's crashing.
It's yeah.
Crashing and burning, the God damn audio vault.
I have to go load up and fire this place.
I was just going to go take a leak as a matter of fact.
I would have come back like three seconds sooner, but I was halfway out of my cheer to go take
a leak.
Maybe I'll take a leak and away space get here.
One moment please.
Hey, yeah, somebody out there run our commercials.
Run the 1134 break by the way.
It starts with Poio Tropic Hal.
1134?
134.
138.
The log is cut off.
I can't run spots out of here.
So what does that mean?
We just keep going.
I just tried to reboot it.
It's got the audio vault just died.
It just crashed in the middle of the show.
Well, we don't want to be on here without running spots on this stage.
That's the only reason we're here is to run spots and make a little anapy.
Make her look good.
What do we do now?
138.
Yeah, right amount of the other room.
Okay, because I got to go take a leak.
I mean, otherwise I would sit here.
It makes no difference to me.
They're paying me to sit here in the chair, but I have to pee real bad.
You know what I'm saying?
So just open up the mic and tell me when you're ready to play that fuck right there.
Yeah, I just got to mic.
Let's inform a locator.
There's nobody listening to them anyway.
All right.
Especially after I read that letter, which I'll read it again by the way before the end of
the hour, especially now that we got all this extra time.
So what are we going to do now?
Because I got to go pee.
Wiener's going to queue up the break and fire it off.
Yeah.
Right.
Who is somebody used?
Stand by.
Okay, audience.
Don't tune us out because it might be pretty entertaining here in the last 20 minutes.
We got Hank coming up in two.
And of course, at least he's in the other room.
His stuff works in it.
I think, what if there's stuff crashed?
We might lose money.
Oh, we don't want to do that.
We might have to go thank God none of my spots are left here.
That's good.
That's excellent.
Nice going there, Neil.
All right.
Just let us know when you're ready in there, John.
I just let us know.
Fire off something.
Wiener, I got to go pee.
Please.
Play something.
Like the bird.
Just play something.
Do something in there.
What?
I mean, to keep opening the doorbell, I don't tell you a fire.
Yank it.
Crank it.
This is sports radio 560 Q-A-L.
Neil.
No.
In theaters now, from the producer of the sixth sense, it's the seventh sense.
I smell off people.
Me too.
They smell like Ben Gaye.
No, like more skulls.
They smell like Albatore.
The seventh sense.
No, like an Elvacorn.
It starts with mothball.
Show me now.
OK, it's a 144-560 WQM-567-0560-0.560 on the 18th line.
So we'll play the last break in there.
Is that what we're going to do?
Because our audio vault has just crashed.
Hey, listen, that's the way it goes.
You know, so we missed a few spots.
We'll build them forward anyway.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Let's try Kendall.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
OK, sir.
One big question.
Why is Bill and Zegon?
Why is he gone?
Yeah, who they trading for again, Simpson?
Todd Simpson, yeah.
He's gone because he was non-productive the last two years.
That's why he's gone.
Oh, OK.
All my brothers moved to Iowa and he's wondering what the best package to have for the satellite dish?
The NHL package or the like MSG stuff?
Center rice.
Center rice.
Center rice, maybe.
It's all on there.
OK.
Here's a pay phone in Carroll City.
Hello.
On the NL.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I just heard you read that letter.
I called that.
I think it was Monday on the, all right.
I think Tuesday when we were talking about the professional suicide that the station is going to cause catering to the Simpson, bringing him in for their crap.
There's officially number one doing no more business with WIOD.
I'm sorry, 560.
Yeah, I'll get the right question anyway.
560.
Yeah.
And it's going to happen to the rest of those salespeople.
Not only the station.
Not to see again, you're lumping in all the people in our sales department.
Oh, no.
The ones that grew up there were with them.
Yeah.
Those are not all of them.
Well, there were two sales holes that I know of.
One was the one with the other is, is a role.
And of course, our promotions, they Sam Duque, who's just an asshole anyway.
Yeah, the one who felt the thing.
Who I see is sitting.
Who I see is sitting at his desk at this moment as I speak.
You know, the one who felt the thing.
That's not going to do it too well for the station either.
Yeah, we're still waiting to find out where the other two are.
All right, I'll go down.
Okay, thanks.
Where's the one thing to work with that I said.
560.
560.
560.
560.
560.
560.
560.
Here's Pemberg Pine.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
First off, I'm looking forward to seeing you tomorrow.
I tried to get to see you today, but I'd like George to say.
I guess that you guys only had a short run of them.
Is that correct?
Or something to see?
Well, in the specs, see, see, see, see, see, yeah.
We add on, you know, it's unfortunate, but I can't tell you which stores they're going to be in.
But they'll be in all of them.
We are on the sawgrass, right?
Oh, yeah.
Okay.
And what were you saying something about, I heard earlier in a week, like, there's something like a keychain or something like that.
You were talking about that?
We have, we have CDs cassettes, the T-shirts, and then this year we got a keychain.
It's got like the little buttons on it with the little sounds like, you know, one button in the drop's rotate.
It's got how many?
One button in the drop's rotate with eight drops.
Oh, they rotate.
Or with eight?
Yes.
All right.
They sit on the rotating rounds, like a circle.
Like a circle?
Yeah, I got it.
Like a 90 circle.
Yeah.
Only this one, no cost, 25 million.
Exactly.
You know what?
I kind of like your idea when you're talking about the circle, that you should cut the circle out, center it out to see and put all those people out there that like to hang out with OJ.
Right.
And just put them out there, put them out in this game bay, put them near the cube, actually.
That would be actually pretty good.
Yeah, from Mayor Pingo in the middle, he can be the pivot man.
He could play, saw you biscuit.
All right.
And just wanted to say, you know what?
I think it's great that you manage and go over, don't put up with no craft from way over there.
Okay.
All right.
We're trying.
We're trying, but I'll tell you that's the specialty in this place.
They got an unlimited supply, baby.
They got a bucket full of that you like you never saw in your life.
It's a refillable bucket of that.
And it just never ends.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
I will read the letter again right toward the end of the arc, because it bears a reading again and again and again.
To show you that wasn't just a bunch of a sour pie here at the station, you know, looking for something to get bent out of shape about.
It was just absolutely grotesque and unacceptable and gruesome.
And then of course, topped off by this picture in the herald this morning.
We're going to show you a thing or two.
Okay, Mr.
This is a celebrity.
This is somebody famous.
Yeah, you latch on to him.
In fact, why don't they all go off and run off into the sunset with him.
That sounds good to me.
All the OJ fans we got around here just run off and go into business with him.
You'll see how much business you're going to do.
Here's a mobile and coconut creek. Hello.
Yeah, hey, Neil.
You there?
I'm here.
Yeah, we just listened to you earlier about complaining about the school.
And it's funny, my kid just picked up with the bus.
The lady she's so rude, she doesn't even say hello.
I mean, Forest Gump, you know, wasn't picked up by the bus.
She just, she look at all like Andrew, mom, I have any chance?
A little bit.
Yeah, a little bit.
Broward, you know, coconut creek.
But I mean, she doesn't even say hello.
Done say good morning and just says get on the bus and that's it.
Get on the FN bus.
That's it.
And that's it.
And she says, I'll tell you where to sit.
And my kid's taken off on the bus and she's crying.
What a way to go to school.
Unbelievable.
Okay.
That's all I got, Neil.
Thanks for the good news.
All right, buddy.
What do you say is kid is what's working off on the bus?
5667-05, and that what he said?
5667-0560, pound 560 on the 18T wireless line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I got Neil.
I drank grape juice because OJ kills.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, Neil?
Great.
I just wanted to say I thought it was fantastic.
I thought that was great.
And I had a question.
I mean, the talent on that station obviously is what drives it.
Not the more on the behind the pole gas.
That's right.
Sam DuKey, our production's a farce.
He ain't bringing one dime into this radio station.
He doesn't have any show.
He doesn't have any ratings.
Nobody's buying advertising on this station because he's got a job for life here.
And the same of course is through it.
Wrong.
What, I mean, you guys all tied up with multi-year contracts.
I mean, couldn't you all just basically tell the ownership a nice no-union.
We're taking our talent out.
How long will it be?
Let me ask you something.
Does that make any sense to you that everybody that all the talent is going to bail out when you got a couple of long kids in here screwing it up?
That's not usually the way that it works in a real business.
So we're going to wait a few days and see if this is a real business or not.
If they mean business or just a monkey business.
Yeah, I mean, you're right.
I mean, I guess the position the ownership would take with really let you guys know what's going to happen.
Yeah, whether they're serious or not.
I mean, we keep hearing a good game and I had Greg Reed was in here earlier this morning about 1030 and busted a gut and getting all psychotic about this stuff.
But let's see now if he's really serious or if he's just going to give these people a free ride like they've had for way too long.
Because maybe it's, you know, like you manage and I can't remove down a dial.
Maybe they can get those guys with OJ and OJ on the air and have their little shows.
There you go. Sounds good to me.
It's a rating.
Sounds excellent.
Thanks.
Have a great day, pal.
All right.
That was a good suggestion to, by the way.
Only play that once today.
