Sports radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the best of Neil Rogers.
No live calls will be taken today.
Neil is on tape.
Okay, that's for many years, but it's not.
Really?
Don't call.
The opinions heard on the Neil Rogers show are those of the host and callers
and not necessarily reflective use of easily lead acquisitions
or the piece in broadcast proof.
Its management or anyone else for that matter.
Now remember, this is the best of Neil.
Do not call.
Put the damn phone down.
Just relax and enjoy.
On 560 WQAM.
Okay, so here's the Neil, here's the Neil deal.
Why there won't be a George show today also.
Neil's going to get his neck looked at by a real doctor like someone's been trying to get him to do for weeks now.
And there's no other producer here.
There's no Joe Castello.
So even if I wanted to, I couldn't do the George show, which I was perfectly willing to do.
But it's physically impossible to do it with just one person or I try to pull it off.
But the phones are in the other room.
They can't be brought up in this room in the spots.
Can't be brought up in the other room.
They have to be brought up in this room.
So it takes two people minimum.
And there's no Joe Castello.
The the atlas Joe Castello is not here because he did a late night last night.
At least that's his excuse.
So it's going to be taped mini disc and sorry, that's all there is to it.
I'm going to smoke scars, watch Cory ever sent on ESPN 2 and order from Chuck's later.
Subcenter on 4141 in 199th Street.
Get his plug in right now.
So this ought to make the retarded New York asshole happy who's obsessed with me,
who keeps calling me every day about how much I suck.
This is for you guys and either go back to New York or learn how to say your ours.
The song is called
The song is called
The song is called
The song is called
The song is called
The song is called
The song is called
The song is called
The song is called
The song is called
The song is called
The song is called
The song is called
The song is called
The song is called
The song is called
The song is called
The song is called
The song is called
The song is called
The song is called
The song is called
The song is called
Oh
oh
So
everyone said
Oh, what?
Oh, what?
Oh, what?
Oh, what?
Oh, what?
Oh, what?
Oh, what?
Oh, what?
Oh, what?
Oh, what?
Oh, what?
Oh, what?
Oh, what?
Oh, what?
Oh, what?
Oh, what?
Oh, what?
Oh, what?
Oh, what?
Oh, what?
Oh, what?
Oh, what?
Oh, what?
Oh, what?
Oh, what?
He's at the air.
He's advocating marijuana, you know, I'm not.
I'm not advocating anything other than maybe a little bit of freedom, okay?
And maybe getting the government out of your nose and out of your angst tray and doing important things
So that people could walk the street safely and maybe that the food that you eat might be safe for you to eat and things like that little
minor things that they ought to be taking care of instead of doing things that we don't want them to do for us
There let me help you across the street
It's that old deal again. Oh, I don't want to cross the street. Well, I'm gonna drag you over there
Anyway, whether you want to go or not. Thank you
You know when I left here yesterday
I went home and I drove out of the thing and there was a Metro cop who made a U-turn on the side street and then he pulled up right
Alongside me at the light at the red light and I looked at him and he kind of looked at me with kind of a you know
Look like that and I talked to myself. You know something all the things that I talked about here yesterday
Like a marriage we need and about illegal prostitution all these stupid things they got on biscuit and pullover
I've been here for 22 freaking years and it never changed and never will change
Just a waste of your tax dollars going right down the toilet speed traps
Prostitutes and marijuana bus. That's what it's all about. That's police work in America for you
Especially in this town and as I drove away from the a pork around there
I thought to myself since we have so many porkers listening
Does it really do your heart good to know that you're wasting your time on all these wonderful victim lists?
So-called victimless crimes that you're really protecting us from the murderers and the rapist and the arsonists and making Miami
You're really in this whole area safe place to live. Yeah, it's really safe in it. Let's go downtown
Let's take about a hundred people and just walk around downtown Miami tonight and show that we got the courage to do it
Okay, you first so the emergency we need thing as much you do about nothing and I heard some who the hell was always that
The Booster talk another one of those juvenile sports a holes really juvenile talking about that last night
Oh, yeah, he got caught with the with the awakens we with the marriage we need and talking about it like this was like
I mean grow up already. Well, yeah, all of in his case
He better not smoking starts smoking it because if he eats anymore
He'll blow up like a guy like like Al Goldstein that Booster. Oh, yeah, the wicked weed
I mean, when are you people gonna come out of Lala land like that sin broad that called this morning?
What is it that's so offensive to her in other words women out there?
There's stuff don't stink the women by the way are the ones that are watching jury spring or every day
There's no man home during those hours the women are the ones that are watching all these crazy talking head shows with all this
Contrified phony bull crap where they're allegedly beating each other up on the stage
Which is all staged and all a bunch of crap those are the people that are supporting that garbage the women of America whose minds have turned a
Jello but this show is too outrageous and offensive for them poor babies. Hey, sin
That's fucking bitch have a wonderful day because I know you're listening at any rate
The other big story of course is the Casey Martin ruling which I told you the judge you haven't common sense ruled the right way and said
He can play and cut the crap and stop discriminating and Mike Burrino whoever he is writes a very thinly veiled editorial
Not just a commentary but an editorial just and he keeps saying we this and we don't agree what it means
We is the editorial board of the Sun Sentinel since they already wrote a stupid editorial a few days ago
Which I read on the year about this cart thing let me say it for the eight million time on you blues nose even Greg
Code text and a Harold's got a good column on it today and if even he can see it all you blue nose assholes
What's the word that Greg Code text uses? He said the there the golfers are too
Pursnickety to do it right that's exactly right golfing is not an endurance contest because if it were they'd have to carry their own
Clubs okay walking from one from the one hole to another is not what golf is all about
It's a contest of skill is what it's all about. It's boring to begin with okay, but in this day and age for a major
Newspaper like the scum Sentinel to be supporting the scrimination because the guy is handicapped and because these other
Panjis are afraid that he might beat their pants off based on pure golfing skill is really pathetic
So let's make no mistake about it the Sun Sentinel favors discrimination
How do you like that because that's all it is plain and simple and now of course the PGA instead of just gracefully accepting the ruling
Which everybody knew was coming now?
They're gonna appeal it because all those incredibly meaningful human beings like Jack Nicholas and Arnold Palmer and Ken Venturi
Who's great contribution to the human race has been playing a stupid goddamn game?
They're they're too uptight about even though they're riding their golf carts in the seniors tour that's because they're old far
They're over 50 which makes if that makes them old parts what the hell does that make me?
Ancient exactly and I don't ride no golf car because I don't play a stupid goddamn game called golf
But what a what a grotesque thing that a major newspaper alleged like the Sun Sentinel continues hanging out of this
Blue nose and mentality. We know what color their nose is blue and brown baby big time. Here's Boka. Hello
Okay, sir, and I couldn't agree with you more on these cops out there
I just I don't know where to start I'm 38 years old and you know always been pretty hard work and make good money
Payed my taxes paid my bills on time and you know, I've always enjoyed driving a nice car right now. I'm driving a Corvette
I think you are too. Yes, I am it's you know these creatins that they allow to be cops that Rome are streets are just amazing to me
They've been allowed to you know criminalize normal behavior
So, hey, and I don't not only that but they like to terrorize the public
I'm driving home yesterday on the 595 going west out toward you know plantation and here's a in FHP and of course the FHP
Are the most useless of all or that's just a waste of taxpayers money and this asshole is in the middle lane
And then you find that gets over in a right hand lane so that he can terrorize all three lanes and he's going 54 miles an hour
Okay, so now naturally everybody around him is in gridlock because that's the whole concept is to slow traffic to a crawl and show them
That's a big power trip. Okay, and I thought I would never get the hell home 54 miles an hour
And of course I'm like boxed in there like you know a horse race. I'm locked in behind a dead piece and I got nowhere to go
Yeah, let them see that Corvette and you know, they're they're attracted to you like a magnet. Yeah, like a maggot
Yeah, exactly, you know, meanwhile the the real bad guys the guys that are doing the real crime you know
The OJ Simpson to the world we can never convict any of those
One of the blue moon see I have this theory that you know
Basically what they want to do is they want to harass normal people because they know they have the money to pay the fines
Which generates the funds to keep them in existence?
You know, and if they go after the real bad guys it's gonna cost me let
Let me say something really revolutionary here today. Okay, and that is that laws of the when we're talking about police work
Waz like speeding laws were made to protect people from danger not to harass people not to give a copper right out of the right or a
Community the right to write business so they can raise revenue
And so another word so otherwise if I don't come to a complete stop at a stop sign at 2 30 in the morning when there's no other car for a
50 miles around an aid direction the idea that some cops sitting under a tree can write me a traffic ticket for not coming for a running
Or a stop sign or whatever it is is unbelievable
It's just unacceptable and the public in this country are so brainwashed and so
Pussified that they just come to accept this like oh, yeah, this is right. You got it will be the law. Yeah, man
Well, I'm like if I'm out in the middle of a highway and I
75 on over on a west coast at 2 in the morning and there's nobody around for as far as the eye can see and I'm going to speed limit is like 70 and I'm going 85
What the hell difference does it make and isn't it interesting by the way after all the brainwashing about speed kills in his crap
How slowly but surely we're getting back to 65 and 70 mile an hour speed limit on the turnpike in parts of 95
And I 75 isn't that interesting and nobody's running around screaming. Oh speed kill
That was the biggest bunch of propaganda and another excuse to write more goddamn business for the porkers
That's what it is. Amen. Hey, I agree with you
Just change the subject. I called them. I guess about a month ago maybe three weeks ago
And I really I predicted this case the Martin thing would I thought he would win
I mean to the right thing to do but he's won so far
But they're gonna appeal it now because you know, they're there are there are there bad you've honor has been challenged here
And being the bunch of hardasses that they are they're now willing to accept the ruling of a judge
In fact the Sun sent leave an insult our intelligence by saying well, this was a judge in his hometown Eugene, Oregon
So you know this favoritism there is if any other judge with a brain anywhere else wouldn't the rule the same thing
Yeah, it's the right thing to do though
Hopefully one time the right thing will win out listen
I've got one other thing to say I have seen boo at the at the arena a few times. Yeah
He is one big unit and he definitely doesn't need to eat
Eat any more than he has to stay alive take care of you have a great day
Bell but I do like that orange here see it's called conditioning the public like anything else
It's like you know Pavlov and the dog with the bell you can condition people the same way you can do an animal and over a period of
Your lifetime if you're conditioned to the fact that every time you go in 10 miles over the speed limit
You got to keep looking I mean I'm not suggesting you should be able to go any speed you want because you know
You're going 140 miles an hour. It's dangerous unless it's you in the beautiful Corvette
You know 230 in the morning on I 75 it should be okay. Let's air that baby out when in doubt
But if you're going to I'll give you a classic example out by me their hiatus road
There's a canal on one side there isn't one single house that faces hiatus road
Between sunrise and Broward not one there are a couple of churches there set way back off the street
There are a couple of houses on Corners way behind trees and bushes that face side streets
But there isn't there are no little kids
There's nobody nobody lives there and the speed limit is 35 miles an hour and where do you think is one of the favorite spots for
Setting up their speed traps and plantation acres is on
Hiatus road between sunrise and Broward Boulevard so they can write business not because anybody is in jeopardy there
Not because somebody's going to get killed or run over but because it's a great place because you know
Nobody in the right mind is going to drive 35 miles an hour that road
So please don't insult my intelligence mister porker out there and Mrs. Porker that you're out there to protect me
Because I've been all over the world and I've been in places where it's safe to walk the streets it
Too any afternoon and too in the morning and whatever the hell you want and you don't have all these little takes running around with
God damn guns and kids getting shot because daddy left the gun on the table or whatever the reason is this week
Like that five-year-old kid that got killed the other day because you know
Oh, we don't know where the gun came from great. That's good. That's good parental supervision
That's police work in America for you baby
And that's why the public has come to accept this slaughterhouse as like this is the way things are supposed to be in the world
Right, whatever you say whatever you say every time you you know used to be many many years ago
You saw a copy like what I'm in Italy
I see a cop standing around with an oozion of shoulders standing on a tie over by the Piazza del Aura publica wherever he is
And I'm happy to see that because I know he's not gonna hassle me and the fact that he's there is gonna make damn sure
Even a guy damn gypsies won't come around in that neighborhood for a while till he's gone
Because these there to make sure that there's a little law and order going on when you see a cop car here
Right away the first thing you think of it. Oh, you look at this pedometer and then you think oh
I have my seat belt buckled up and do I have my finger in the wrong place now and is you know all those things
Not the cop is my friend anymore, but he's out there to hassle the crap out of me because he's on an ego trip a power god damn trip
Hey guys really want to impress your valentine this year make it special by sending her a beer gram from the Vermont Teddy bear company
You call in lady North Miami. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Good morning. Neil. How are you?
Could be better. I usually talk to you. I'm chronic now, but I'm since I'm a lady. I figured it's okay. Yes, it is
This morning between 738 and headline news
Yeah, I son the bottom they have in each state some kind of news in from the acid of Texas they set another
settlement with a church five million dollars on
Some kind of abuse sexual abuse, but I don't believe it because there's no fact in the church. It's beautiful. Yes, and I love you
Okay, have a great day. How dare you say that you bastard you? Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir
I just off the subject for a minute. What's the subject?
Traffic enforcement. Oh, does George know that when he's talking during the commercial break? Yeah, he does
That's the idea we like that. Oh good. I like hearing about the guy with the yellow here. Mm-hmm. The fact with the yellow here
Why I left that out you sounds like an interesting guy by the way. There's no fact in the church. I think he's a priest
You realize how contradictory your position is on traffic enforcement. Why is that because if it's an intersection where you get
pissed off at the people you're happy they're giving tickets, but if it's something that you're doing then you think it's an invasion of your privacy to get a ticket
Oh, so so another words if somebody is creating a when did I ever say that if somebody is driving irresponsibly or not driving according to the law that they shouldn't get a ticket
I'm not saying we just let we just have anarchy on the highway. When did I ever say that?
What if you're what? Who decides what the appropriate you think the average asshole on the street because
Well, the laws have been created to protect people not the hassle people
They're there to protect people
So if maybe you're driving at two o'clock in the morning and you're weaving a little bit on I
75 and you know maybe made a little battle a change, but there's nobody else on the road. What difference does it make?
It's very rarely like Nick. I'm excited for that. What?
That's very rarely someone will get something to break. Give me a break. When's the last time the stop?
I assume I assume that you must be a police person
Well, of course you want to know when's the last time you wrote a ticket to an old person for going too slow?
I'll believe me. All people get tickets all the time for going too slow
Too slow. There's not really a statue for going too slow. Yeah
Oh, wait a minute. Wait a minute on the inner state. There is not a maximum on the inner state there when's the last time you wrote a ticket for an old part going too slow
I don't control the inner state. I don't know how I even roll. Well, when's the last time you saw anybody do that?
I can't remember. I've never I've never seen it. I but I see a lot of people
I've never heard of it. I see people driving too slow. Yeah, and how about people?
How about people driving in the left hand lane on the inner state or on the turnpike or on any super highway who are going like
Under the speed limit or not going anywhere. That bugs me too. Yeah, but that doesn't mean that it's an invasion of their privacy
Just because you're doing something you think is okay. I mean who were you to decide that what you're doing is okay
But what they're doing is not well now. What are we talking about now? We're talking about when you're saying that when you speed
You know it's okay because you can decide
That is not what I said. It's not related to what I said. It's not even the same side
You said that you said that you decide for yourself when you're speeding. I never said anything. You know that it's okay because there's nobody around
I don't think we'll have it. I never said I anything because I don't drive that fast to begin
Oh, you're full of baloney on that. Okay, and number two
What I did say was that if somebody somebody hypothetically is driving
70 miles an hour in a 55 at two o'clock in the morning
There's nobody else on the highway for as far as the eye can see that doesn't mirror the speeding ticket because it is not creating any kind of a hazard
Anybody else and it's just nitpicking and most cases somebody probably would not be cited. Oh give me a break
You're fine. You're not you know as well as I do that if there was a speed trap set up somewhere
Those are the kind of people that you guys are looking for why do you think they set up stuff like that besides for making money?
Will you tell me because they want to get people conditioned to the idea to try and stay around the speed limit
Oh, give me a break. They want to get people conditioned to the IV thing around the speed limit. If there's nobody around
I see people doing the most look look this is Florida. Okay, my friend everybody who can
Who can breathe get to drivers license in this state and they they can be over the age of a hundred
And they still get a renewal in the mail automatically for a six-year renewal
We got more people driving irresponsibly. We don't have any kind of a
Inspection system in this state so there's people with no breaks ball tires no headlight
I don't ever see those people getting pulled over. I don't see anybody in law enforcement screaming
Inel we need an inspection system in a state to get all the crap off the road here
So it really is safe all you're talking about is writing business and you notice what you can argue with me from now
Till midnight you're never gonna change anybody's mind. All you're doing is writing business
How do you know what people are getting excited for and then when you go down the street and you see a car pulled over
How do you know what they're getting a ticket because when I see somebody sitting there with a radar gun?
I know exactly what they're getting cited for that's just one instance every time you see somebody's with a radar gun
Yeah, I never see anyone else getting pulled almost almost never almost never maybe for running a red light
Maybe I've seen that once or twice and if they did that in this time you guys would be busy 24 hours a day
Of course, but maybe the guy who ran the red light said it was okay
I think this is safe. That's okay. I'm gonna go ahead and go for it because I know I'm a good driver
When did I ever say that?
Hypothetically of course. Oh, I see hypothetically. No, nobody ever said that that it's okay to run a red light
It's okay to speed up hypothetically. Yes, and to run to go through a stop sign when I mean complete stop
Yeah, I go ahead and I know nobody's coming. No, not if you decide if there's if it's if it's all I can take a so many intersections right now
At the top of my head where you can see a very clearly in all directions
I'm thinking like I'm about 21st the
21st Avenue 100 or 121st Street and 118th Avenue by me
There's a stop sign there and they got a new deal now there and no I did not get a ticket by the way
So it's not so our grapes and they're sitting around in a see if people made a full stop at that stop sign now
You have full vision and all directions to see if anybody is coming or anything is in a row
And I mean to nitpick and make sure that all four wheels came to a complete stop
Or I'm gonna write you a ticket that's brow beating the public and you know it as well as I do
You know, I'll tell you one thing every time there's been an accident the first thing they always tell me is I never saw the other car
Okay, so one day you're gonna go through that stop sign and when you get smashed you're gonna say hey
I looked but I never saw the other car when I say I go through that when the hype that said it
No, I'm not talking about hypothetical. I'm talking about lots of people who do that
Yeah, and that's the first thing they always say is I never saw the other car coming
But they know for sure that is clear, but they never saw the other car coming
Uh-huh
So that's what happens when you just assume that you know better than the law let me say it again
Oh, that you know better than the law. Here's our lecture now. We're getting a lecture folks
We know better than the law so if you got titted windows and you're smoking a number in the car
You better not know better than the law because this guy's gonna put you over and put you in a hoose call because you got we
Nah, there you go because you know better than the law
You know you've never been the same since you got arrested. Yeah, right
On your shoulder I've been talking the same about police first of you want to talk about it crap
That's another that's another subject
Never been bad before never this bad is what no before you used to complain about getting speeding tickets
But ever since you got arrested you've just been down down down on the law. Yeah, right
I've been down on the law all of my adult life sir because I'm tired of people getting hassled for bull crap
That's the end of the conversation unbelievable. I've never been the same another piece of
Obfuscation sir you don't want to deal with the facts and that is you're not in a law enforcement business
You're in the harassment business
You're in the goddamn harassment business and always have been and what the hell does this have to do with that?
What does one have to do with the other but that's always a convenient excuse?
There's anybody who doesn't believe in letting the cops do whatever they want to you
They've got some excuse and can't possibly be a legitimate point of view you asshole you
Unbelievable. That's right when you you can come to that stop sign
You can see is clearly you can look and look and look as you go through there
And if you don't come to see that's the law that all four wheels must come to a complete stop otherwise you're breaking a law
Now that's a good law isn't it? Well change the laws screw change in the laws
Okay, we don't have time to try to change the laws with a bunch of our keg bull crap going on in this country
With the presidents up there getting blow jobs every day in the White House
We don't have time to worry about changing that law either the fact is go save some lives and do some real serious law enforcement
Stop trying to justify we want to condition the people to go in the speed limit
What a joke that is and what they've done in this town because of the paranoia instead of like real cities
Major markets like Chicago and Detroit and like we're in LA where when the highways aren't jammed packed like in the middle of the day
And people are going you know
75 and a 55 and everybody and the cops are going by it like you're standing still because they create what is called a traffic flow
That's why there is no flow of traffic here because you got some people going 90 some people going 30 some guy in his little
Brown Toyota going 25 in the middle lane or in the left hand lane
There is no traffic flow
Because everybody out here does this sit their own thing and I don't ever ever see any of those people being pulled over by the way
The ones that are going like crawling around causing other people to make to make hazardous decisions that cause accidents
It's these old parts and these banana boat people with their unsafe cars that are going 25 miles an hour in the middle of the interstate
Forcing other people that take drastic action getting frustrated
They're the ones who caused the accidents in fact most of the time they didn't even wind up being in the accident because they're a half a mile behind it
By the time it happens but give me a big lecture in a song in a dance about how dear you think that you're gonna
You know flunk the law right flunk this we're paying his goddamn salary and he's given me a lecture on what my attitude ought to be
How do you like that? That's the best part you're paying a salary and if he wants to stand there in the middle of the road
But this goddamn radar gun and hassle your life and it caused a lot of stress to by the way which every time you see a pig
Oh, yeah, we want to condition you that's right
You want to condition the public all right to mistrust you is what you want to do
But blame it on me because I'm a bad guy with a chip on my shoulder right. Yeah, you're John. That's right
I don't get arrested with my excuse
Well, you're not Chinese and see when somebody will call up and will with that kind of a militant attitude
Who's going out of his way to twist what I'm saying to try to try to make me look like some kind of an outlaw
See because I don't want to be the obedient, beautiful citizen who thinks that everybody should do according to the letter of the law
The goddamn presidents up there getting blow jobs from 21-year-old girls
Which most of us don't give a crap about that to his business, but for crying out loud worst supposed all worry about the letter of the law
This is probably the same kind of guy who would tell you that if they come to your window tonight
They're looking in the window to make sure you're doing it in the missionary position with your wife or husband or both as the case
May be otherwise you're gonna take you off to the goddamn gas chamber
That's the kind of mentality this guy's got hey who are you to know better than the law exactly?
That's right keep it out of there. Yes, sir error fat if you want a big big fat mattress to stick all your money under
That's a good idea. I think you'll says stick it under the mattress and the money too
And if you want to get a great name brand mattress the only intelligent way to buy it is to pick up the phone sit right where you are
Don't make a move except to reach for the phone and call dial a mattress. I did it two years ago
I've been happy every night since because
Salivates over the seabed video cops too hot for TV
Hmm
I love them and you
Now you'll mess your pants with cops the bluepers edition you have the right to remain
Like Silas but definitely there
That's right the plenty is foul up
Through it and blunders are all captured up plus tab two hour home
Bitty
All the
Rusting that got cut out of the original TV show hey, sir. You sure you want to take a ride with it
Yeah
Bluepers edition order today here's the coconut grove hello hey about a lack of police
Duty here. I got mugged down here in the grove few months ago. I'm sorry to believe oh, yeah
Right up to the guys review about two weeks after I got out of basketball or for a cataract replacement
Right didn't have much peripheral vision. Yeah, up to the guys review mirror on the outside that's your door and
Two guys got out beat my ass really literally in front of like five or six people
I had to go into into the store to call 911 myself. Yeah
The cops show up and they don't even want to go after this guy. Oh, you know the guys name. I don't know the guys name
I just got mug they sat around with their thumbs up there
rectum rectum and
Yeah, just ask me a bunch of questions. This has been what four or five months now
No, wait a minute. Why are you say you had to go into 7-Eleven to make the call?
In the food spot in the food spot. Well, maybe they were refreshing. They were making you coffee in there while you know
You were wearing a sock. He just brought in a fresh batch. It's not yeah
But you know
Meanwhile the next day I had surgery to replace the the retina on the backside of my eye
Yeah, I'm at blind out of it and under the state attorney's office
That up to the detective department at very illustrious police department downtown. They've done nothing
Uh-huh. You guys are jerks. Well, they're too busy counting up traffic tickets. Exactly. Have a great day pal
Good luck to you. You'll need it just like that Johnny Versace business baby
Of course on the beach and of course they have changed the law now over there
They changed the way the system in the pawn shop said I'm gonna bring Johnny Versace back when Andrew
Canana was running around out there in the white open and signing his name and showing his passport and all the other craft
There's some more good police work for they did a beautiful job on that
But then again, he was only a murderer
He was only a serial killer or a spree killer or whatever the hell it is
The all depending on which shrink you listen to he was just running around a country killing people
And so even though somebody's dead of course he was you know both only fags
So that's not all important anyway, I guess but there you go
I mean we don't we go want to catch up on that because we don't have it computerized
Well, they do now they do now because the focus of the the light of the universe was on them
And what an embarrassing bunch of crap that was it sat around for days and days on somebody's desk until they could review it
And take a look at it and the pawn shop slipped to yeah
Go scare those old parts and get them off the road for Christ. They let them turn in their drivers licenses
I don't want to mention that my mother's got friends who are like 125 years old like it six year renewals automatically in the mail
People that can't hear people that can't see people are like God in Fassima
People that can't get their head up to the bottom of the steering wheel
But they're giving them six year renewals and their drivers license
You'll never ever ever ever see those people pulled over off the road
Never gonna happen man
Not in your lifetime or mine
Which state probably those people are the ones who will curtail our lifetimes
And wind up killing us out there and they got them highway
You just better you better be more obedient mister
This guy he was he was the best thank you so much by the way sir
Thank you for being the inspiration for my life
And of course it's only near Rogers that makes those comments
Because near Rogers once got arrested for some silly thing that they threw out
But nevertheless
Near Rogers have got a grudge nobody else makes jokes about cops to make a into coffee and eat and don't
If that's something near Rogers invented
Right
Right just keep trying to you know
Shift the argument just keep trying to like out the skate and cover up your tracks or officer
Your full of crap and everybody knows it everybody knows it and let me say it again
Go to any civilized country which of course leads out most of this hemisphere except maybe Canada
Go to any civilized country and walk around on the streets and see what kind of environment you got
And while we'll look at the driving go to Toronto and see what a real city is all about
Find out what life is all about as opposed to this goddamn police state
Where every time you fart they're gonna drag your ass in because they got because we
Then of course into the more farters we got and the more its pots moakers we got
Then of course we can throw those people in the jail cells and let the murderers in the arsonist and the axe murderers out
Because the jails are overcrowded for babies and they're not getting tree square meals a day. Here's a kindle. Hello
How are you okay sir? I got a story for you
And I think you actually I think you're gonna love this. I'm driving down Sheridan street
This is a few years back and they have the police out there and they're little
You know tacked for us getting ready to take it everybody. Yeah, I got the guns on them
So it pulls me over. It says you're going 40 in a school zone and I said to the guy I don't see a school zone sign
He goes well, I can't help but if you didn't see it you're going 40 in a school zone. So I'm thinking well
Maybe I did miss it. It gives me the ticket. I drive up a block and a half and there's the school about two-thirds under construction. Yeah
Oh, I love it. Isn't that great? Yeah, but someday there's gonna be little kids running around there sir
He look this goes right back to what the cops said he wants to condition you
Oh into driving slowly because in a few months maybe two years there's gonna be a real schooler
That's right. So I was trying to do you a favor and get you conditioned to obeying the law right
So I say to myself well, obviously I'm gonna go to court on this. Yeah, so I get my court date and it's you know
six seven weeks and you know away from that
I got a court in the courtroom full of people you know and you're figuring this is gonna take me two-thirds of the day
But I'm gonna sit here and I'm gonna tell the judge this story and I'm watching people go up there and they're telling the judge
And it turns out that almost the whole the whole courtroom were people from that day at that spot and the judge here's five or six people
Seven people and he finally says who else is here for this almost the whole courtroom raises their hand
They did a hell of a job. Yeah, so the judge says oh well
He says well, I'm gonna charge everybody 32 50 and court costs and dismiss everything and I hear people going
Oh, that's great. They all getting up ready to go out and pay the clerk
I raised my hand. I said you're on her you're asking me to pay $32 and 50 cents for something I didn't do and he gets this
Look on his face like how dare you challenge me. Yeah, and he says that's exactly what I'm telling you to do
I say I'd like a jury trial. I didn't I just a shot in the dark and then a guy weighing the taxes. Hey, yeah me too
trouble maker and another guy over and says yeah, how we're gonna pay $32 and 50 cents
We're all here for the same thing. Obviously these police screwed up the judge slams his gabbled down on the desk
This is everybody for here for this get out of my courtroom and so we want it all right beauty nice job pal
Hey take care of it. Don't do it again. All right. Okay. How do you like that?
We're gonna give him a discount man like oh, yeah, we only had to pay $32
50 and then to leave it up to this guy to have the balls which most people don't let me say it again next time
You get a ticket call a ticket defense team. Okay, that's what I do
I think I've had maybe two tickets in last six or seven years both with radar of course of course
And both and yes, I have been pulled over two or three times for a speeding a related night in plantation
And they always say have a nice day and they don't do it again
So it's not a personal grudge the plantation cops have always been very nice to me
But it just generally speaking this whole this whole concept of
Hasling the public is I mean, you know
Maybe if we could afford the luxury of doing it if it was like a sideline if we had no other crime
And we figured well, you know might as well do something like that other guy said because they're bored
Maybe then you could understand it
But where you have vandalism on every goddamn street corner
You got punks running loose on the streets where you got people
Immorteming people on street corners where you got people of being held up in shopping mall parking lots
Where you have people shooting each other over parking spaces and you look around
Is there a cop anywhere? Oh no, he's busy on hiatus there with a radar gun
Let's go ahead and you'll have a nice day and guess what you can if there's any cops out there that think that because I do
They would java do this on a year for years because I say these things you're gonna write me a ticket go right ahead
Be my guest
I haven't paid a traffic ticket in this day now. I don't think any kind of a ticket in this for a year's maybe a 15 20 years
Because I call it ticket defense team. They get it thrown out because more often than out it's bogus and good luck
But if it'll make you feel better
Maybe that poor girl be sitting out here when I leave again today. We're over there. Yeah. Here's a mobile in for a lottery. Hello
Yeah, I know yes, sir. Yeah, I got two quick cops for you
Um, stop to pick them yourself and wake work
About 10
Like I can run it up to the clock trying to sell me crack
Right, so I finally get away. That's not guys that were a German Italians
Yeah, and I finally get away from them and I get pulled over for obstructing traffic
Yeah, and I tell the cops I say them guys were
standing in front of my car on the side of my car trying to somebody drunken
He says we're not dealing with crack today. We're dealing with traffic
And then the second story
This was not a crack day, sir. It was a traffic day better get you better get your days in the week right
It's like today was craft macaroni and cheese day tomorrow be craft day uh crack day right and then uh
Somebody will be don't update. Yes
The second one I'm driving on 95 doing 75 miles an hour. Yeah, I get pulled over
Another club that gets pulled over right next to me doing 110 miles an hour
He gets out of the car. He shows his badge. They shake hands. He gets back in his car and drives away
I
Said how do you let him go away driving 110 to come to me? You say one more way. I'm gonna put your ass in jail
There you go. I have been mild. Yes, sir
Yeah, that's the way it goes out there. I want to condition you to being a good obedient to a junior flagger
That's it pal. That's right. All right. Thank you Neil. Don't do it again
Okay, I guess I better not tell him I was the one in the event
Twq. I am you know there lots of long distance services out there god
And they got eight million of them being advertised all over one 800 this one 800 that 1010 this
And they're just so many of them it's confusing many of them by the way are owned by the same big companies
They charge long distance services to your phone bill that's so cute and armoured a leg
Well, if you want to know how you can really save up to 70% on your long distance calls
Get yourself a prepaid phone card there lots of those two
But there's only one that we want to talk about one that's the best the mts floor to car
The rates are among the lowest in the universe
Calls to anywhere in the US only four cents a minute Canada only six cents a minute a calls to Chile and Colombia and nine cents a minute
Calls to anywhere in Europe starting in only eight cents a minute with the mts floor to card
You can count on some of the lowest rates anywhere in the world the mts floor to card is available more places all over town
Just ask for it by name the mts floor to card. It's available in three five and ten dollar denominations
Start saving up to 70% on your long distance calls with the mts floor to card may cause in the US for only four cents a minute
For more information or to order your mts floor to cards just call three oh five six four four
0066 that's three oh five six four four oh
The problem is all inside up that she said to me
But the answer is easy if you practice or relieve
You must enhance your four-player currently will leave and must be 50 ways to reach your lover
50 ways to reach your lover
Lie flat on the back jack go down to a clam saying use the vibrating toy
Just listen
Like the alphabet
I said I treat that act with the utmost disdain
To go south with the mouth. I'm sorry. I'm afraid for the few insist
Then would you please explain
About the if you waste a bit your lover
If you waste a bit your lover just keep on the trip
Fucker up on a beast
He's piece of that pie guy
Now listen to me
Die on the muffler just give it enough time
She more can't be the key
She says so many
Just discussing the really important segment on 60 minutes last night before mayor swarrow's made a jackass out of himself
Which we're used to and that's the segment about Vernon Jordan who be the good friend of the president and very interestingly
You hear about the bleep that we have to use on different things because they get real uptight on the certain shows on the station
Because they're much immature pussies
But at any rate so last night
Michael Mike Wallace was talking to different people about Vernon Jordan and refused to be interviewed for this piece
So to speak and at any rate that they were they were quoting
Vernon Jordan is when they asked him about what are you the you and the president talk about when you're out there
Golfing you know when you're riding around on the cart like Casey what's his name and Mike Wallace said the word and they bleep
I mean they put in a bleep it was like
Right there you go. I don't have one of those mine's not that long. I have a short one
But anyway the word that they were trying to say was see is the word how do you like that
That's what Vernon Jordan the president talk about when they get together because they're both big woman eyes
They both screw around a lot they talk about see is what it is they said that were three different times on here
And the bleep kept kept getting longer and longer almost as long as the president knows
It was incredible
If you ever have you know set lately now that you've seen he's got that big red one sticking out and his nose is getting long too
I'm going to get to my thing about the dominoes pizza delivery before and you know something this was the most important story of the whole last week
The most important story about for us
This was not about the president getting this thing
Stock parade this was not about the dropping bombs on
Hussein who's running around from a house to house like oh and then of course last night
We had our big 60 minutes thing with mayor Suarez as we get embarrassed one more time from coast to coast and pillar to post
Here's a man who is absolutely belongs in a rubber room somewhere in a straight jacket
And he's the mayor of this town and leave it to Steve Croft and the people on 60 minutes to finally expose the sham and his garbage
And nobody here cares
Because like the one guy on there said the average voter in the city of mind is a 63 year old Cuban woman with no teeth and no
Spigot English and those are the only people who vote in the city of Miami
And that's why we got the and he also made a comment. This is a third world banana
Haven't seen that for years. Yes, I have. Thank you sir some bearded professor from F.I.U
That was great. That was a great piece
In the Steve Croft says you've gotten as bad as it possibly can can get any worse
And he said no, he said are you sure he said no it'll get worse
I mean we've only got people that are that this is worse than Dick daily and any other dick
You can think of we got dead people voting we got millions of all these a bad ballots
And nobody is a get Jan the Carl Hyerson they actually made seem a little humorous last night on 60 minutes
And that's quite an accomplishment because he's almost as funny as Dave Barry like that
Big story of the week about the Domino's pizza delivery didn't want to deliver in a certain part of town
Because it was dangerous and right off the bat. Oh, well, that's an ethnic thing. Maybe it's uh. Yeah
It's bigotry and the court ruled that they got to deliver there
Even though we have we find out in this story which we saw in the TV on a local news
We have places uh
Pizza delivery people in Miami who won't deliver to certain parts of like Liberty City or over time because it's too dangerous
But the court says you got to deliver there if you deliver some place else you got to take your life in your hands
How do you like that a lot of times these muggers are the ones calling the pizza guy right ordering out for money
Right and then waiting for him
But how about those kids that time man? Was it New Jersey or somewhere that just killed the pizza delivery guy just for something to do
I mean don't do that unless the pizza is cold and really bad for Christ's kids
So what are we gonna do about these pizza people?
They don't want to deliver in certain areas. I say we give them a medal
The idea that the court is gonna tell me if I work in bomb a delivery guy for some pizza joint or any other kind of a joint
That I have to go into a neighborhood with that so dangerous that my life is in jeopardy
I'll you know, why would do I tell the judge you go delivered here you go
Here's a pepperoni with extra cheese you go delivered asshole and see how fast he puts his stupid ass in jeopardy over there
Even art Fleming and Alex Trebek wouldn't go in that joint
I think it was nasol which is supposed to be near like Riviera Beach or singer-rounder will find out from the audience
I never heard of such a joint here's a lady. I know nasol in the Bahamas
I know how dangerous that is and believe me. I'm not delivering no pizzas there lady in Miami. Hello
Now they're gonna have to pay combat pay it dominos. Uh-huh at the way it's going. How do you like that? I don't at all
I don't like that at all it's ridiculous
I think that's another reason to get mama marries
Yeah, so you don't put anybody in jeopardy. Mm-hmm. I was calling to see if you you if you'd seen that 60 minutes piece
Yes, I did I just I can't I'm listening to slyas sit there and deny things that are so obvious like oh no
There's nobody in in my administration who's up
Legal charges. Oh, what about this nobody?
The first reason is it was not three commissioners two of my or metro commission no lonely one of ours and the city manager
And this one and that one and all his other cronies that he just stuck in there and the thing about the money laundering about oh
Well, you make it sound like it's for drugs. Oh, well, it's not for drugs. It's for the president
You have a don't make it sound like it's for drugs. That's what that would be awful
Oh, this is this is just unbelievable if they don't
Get this guy out of there. If they don't recall him or have another election
Then there there ought to be like a massive protest like 24 hours a day in the city of Miami
Nothing else. We're just embarrassing a sense of the entire country
That's right and of course the whole area has to suffer. I mean all of us who live here
We know that the city itself is nothing but a stupid banana republic
But the fact that all of South Florida has to you know suffer our image which is bad enough already as a slaughterhouse because mayor
Suarez is doing bad drug or something. I mean to hell with it
And then of course then I love what he says to see croffle
They played the tape of his threatening message to the hero remember that right
He threatened to pull all the cities ads out of the hero and they said oh well, you know, it was a it wasn't good
But you could tell from the tone. I was just joking
Right I need to see it when I need to hear when he's serious. Yeah
Serious he's a serious asshole. Oh always was the other thing I overdid
You and George talking about curling
Your teeth on sending morning on cds about the history of it and how it works
I was watching it turns out the whole thing was embedded in Scotland
Tigger farmers
were in kills probably when when all they had was frozen lakes and and granite stones and nothing else to do
So it figured that's what that's what a whole game came you know something you watched this whole thing
I started to mention before not only is are the events themselves of far is very few of these events are really sports in this winter Olympics
But then for the silly ones like the the what do they even call it ice dancing and
It's dancing at place dancing and figure skating and then constantly especially on a cbc talking about how the judges are like
banding together in groups the Eastern Europeans and the French
And the whole thing is fixed that the joke they do place it favorites they always have especially back when there was the Soviet block it
Right
It was notorious while they're all doing it the Eastern European judges and the French and of course leave it to the French because there are a bunch of traders
Anywhere they're scum to leave it to them. They're the ones that are always you know harboring terrorists and selling
nuclear weapons to a 10th world countries. That's the French for you
Always and then they'll do it that so somebody faxed this the article. Thank you so much from the Harold
About king and his subjects and the people of this town have been yuck clamoring for years for that money that Larry owes to them for years
They wanted back. I will not give it to you
millions and millions and millions that this man has made and refused to pay people like the thousands that he built them out of I will not give it to you
Larry will make good on his old South Florida debt
He owed now
This is the best part of this story is which whoever faxed it didn't realize and could never have known unless they're psychic like they should go
Griffin he owed five thousand dollars to see more
Notarius every tear in New York veterinarian
Seymour notarius are coming to find out this is the guy who used to pedal his
Rice and lamb at a dog food in my health food store in 1977
Over in whatever that part of town is in North aid in North Miami Beach
Oh my god, and it comes to find out later in the story who died in July of 81
Well, he was a big fat guy and people were coming to my health food store and he'd sit there next to the counter
You gotta go hug that was Seymour
Well anyway, he used to belly a colophine at Larry owed him five grand. I will activate it
And now the whole thing is the they've resorted they've added up the interest on this thing as a result of pay off figure is supposed to be
29,000 to 119 bucks because the loan was made
in 1978 and will repay the principal says Larry's lawyer agent whoever this is but we're not gonna entertain the interest or the public
I will activate and the notarius died
But the daughter and law the daughter is gonna get the money. She's an inkeeper in Crote non-Hudson New York
Says he died broke. How do you like that at age 67 is poor bastard died broke and Larry owed him the money
They might have kept him going for another year or two. I doubt it
Not a lot of money. She says it's the principal. I remember daddy feeling tremendously betrayed by Larry King
King will not pay seven thousand dollars to widow Marge Hartnett who says relate husband former cruel Gebel's mayor Fred Hartnett
Senior loaned him the cash in the 1960s and got stiff. I will activate King simply doesn't remember says bear on desk
Who's his lawyer or whatever but he rep? He resents the implication that he's cheap and won't pay his debt
So the king of talk is offering to donate ten thousand dollars to Miami children's hospital in the heart and its name
Says Hartnett. I love children's hospital. Be the money to us. I will activate. So there you go
I've gone Larry you cheap prick you phony baloney ask kisser all these years have gone by even that guy
Even at nice veteran. He was a good guy real fat though. He's dead the fat people are the dead people
You know how that goes? Here's a mobile in Miami shores. Hello. Hey. How you doing? Okay. I wanted to
You know you were talking about the 60 minutes and I thought I watched that last night and
I had some pretty good laughs, you know like the line where you don't know how that was a post to vote Miami and all the other stuff
Once again, you know, it's like it's like we're embarrassed
You know like you said nationwide was like that time magazine cover a few years ago and now we have this ridiculous
Crap going on in the city
And then you know people expect crime to come under control when our leaders are pulling this kind of hijack
I mean, you know, I'm gonna tell you something that really pisses me off about that
And that is Carl Hyerson from the Harold who they made look like a real little comedian there last night like Dave very junior
He's sitting there making his little wise cracks and he writes his stupid little columns
They're Harold to me are just as corrupt as any politician in the city of Miami
They were behind the metro rail and putting that over on the public
And then they slapped this in the face and told it was a white it was a white elephant which it is
Then they got behind Mickey Harrison in this this cock-a-mame deal for this new arena that is gonna be built for their own
Profit and their own benefits so that they can boost up the value of one Harold plaz it under by the by the waterfront
I mean the heralders corrupt as the day is long their full of crap and he's under making all these costic little comments
If the herald is so goddamn great and so
Upright, how come they're not doing something about all of this that's going on
How come we don't see like massive rebellion in date county while we're waiting for the local media to provide some leadership on it
That's a good point. I don't think I think I don't know what they're hired. Everything is a big joke to them
Let me ask you a question
One thing I don't understand when when swear as was mayor the last time he seemed like a fairly reasonable guy
He's lost it man. He must have got some bad weed or something
Well got the he had totally lost that he's flipped out it might it's to me either two things number one
He's bipolar and he's not on the right amount of medication. He's bisexual. Yeah, or whatever or number two
He's been doing something
Joe Gerson if he wants it. He's got a bias exactly. I mean, there's just no other reason for it. Yeah
Well nobody cares man nobody cares about live and brow it screw them. That's true too. Okay, pal say out of Miami
When you're free to you five six feet
Q a
F
The Neil Roger show now on five six feet WQ AM Miami Fort Lauderdale
In chains just the way I like him and then this morning
I'm coming to work and I'm over there in plantation which by the way I'll get to plantation
I would like to report right now that I believe that there's a trigger in a wood piling sin plantation
And the call we had from the cop last week on his show
And now we have this plantation uh this big thing this is step campaign starting today by the way
Which I'll get into these selective enforcement to a traffic enforcement program step as in step on this
That call was from some porker over there in plantation is what it was all about because this article in yesterday's paper
Which I appreciate somebody bringing to my attention by the way
This is a carbon copy of that phone call we got last week
They're trying to condition us to doing this and do it a meantime
I'll come back from the track last night and come west on sunrise boulevard off the turn bike as always
And there are people I'm going it's 45 is the speed limit okay
I'm going 50 52 whatever which a little bit over people are going by me as always 70 75 miles an hour on sunrise boulevard
And I say you people need mental help including you you're telling me that you were one of those people go in 70 miles an hour on sunrise last night
Well 65 70. I don't usually do 17 until I get on you know poem mental help
I just can't believe okay
There's nobody else on the road and that yeah, okay, I don't run any
I wonder when that the guy's talking about that wants to make it up as you go along
There's nobody else on the road. You're going to go 70 on a residential street. That's nice
We know that foreriner just gets away from you. Yeah, I know it's your time. I'm lucky. I only drive it in Corvette
That can only go 155 miles an hour. You got that big powerful foreriner
I mean, I can't compare with that a lot of rumors about this station by the way we'll get into that
So anyway getting back to this thing well first of all there's only these rumors
Before I get into the thing about the plantation brokers. There are massive rumors about this place
Being sold this radio station or maybe I'm not sure if it's just this station or if it's a kiss in the power 96 also
All three of them the beasley properties and what we have to say that is oh my god are we praying?
We got our legs crossed. We got our eyes crossed. We got our fingers crossed. We got our nostrils crossed
I'm even wearing a cross. I'm rubbing my rosary beads right now
I'm going to lace him to fill in and whatever else I can get my hands on any any kind of it
We're going to rub the Buddha on the head. Hey listen
Well sooner or later we'll get to leprechaun and the rub his head to a little bit
We'll get some lucky god damn charms is what we'll do anything that might make that come true
Oh god with that be something
Halle Luia set us free. Please whoever you are out there the rumored buyers
Which I don't want to say too much about it because once these things start leaking out you can screw it all up
So I don't want to say too much but the rumors are running rampant
You don't think that's the reason that we're just kind of sitting here like in limbo
Because you know that nobody who's a real broadcaster in their right mind would be running this place this way
So maybe that's so what really is in the wind here
Not that I want to get anybody paranoid and psychotic that works for beasley read
Being such an upstanding company like they are
Man
Anyway
This ties in so directly not that I'm paranoid, but it ties in so exactly
With that militant psychotic call that we had on this show last Friday or Thursday
I guess it was Friday and it was in yesterday's scum Sentinel right on the heels of that conversation
Plantation where I just happened to live in heaven for many years now plantations break B.R.A.K.E. with tradition
Police departments planned a halt motorists to ignore traffic laws
I want you to listen to this because even if you don't live in plantation
This should give you an idea of the mentality that we're dealing with here
Motorists who drive through the city of plantation should be extra careful to obey the law this month
Starting Tuesday meaning today the plantation police department will clamp down on drivers who ignore speed limits
One red lights
Tailgate don't wear seat belts don't signal or otherwise break the rules of the road patrol officers
In police cruisers and undercover vehicles will be armed with radar and ticket books along all major roadways and school zones in the city
Airway driver they see
Listen to this airway driver. They see breaking the law will get a warning many will receive tickets
Starting today if you violate a traffic law
You're going to be stopped said police kept in Keith Hylgenfeldt who oversees the department's road patrol and motorcycle officers
The month-long sting dubbed these no as thing it's a stinger stinging it you feel it they're stinging it
dubbed the selective traffic enforcement program step how clever is aimed at discouraging careless driving and decreasing the city's high accident rates
Plantation log more than 3000 motor vehicle accidents in 1997
According to sergeant Frank Rabino of these more than 480 resulted in injuries
We had 15 fatalities in 1996 and six last year that is outrageous
Hylgenfeldt said how do you like that? He said not only was it unacceptable?
There was absolutely outrageous. That's what he said
We have a problem and we intend to address that problem Rabino said far too high a percentage of drivers choose to drive in any matter
They desire is this all starting to now once you've listened to the verbiage here far too high a percentage of drivers choose to drive in any
matter they desire would they believe that there was a low risk for enforcement?
In many cases Hylgenfeldt said the people who complain the loudest about terrible drivers are the same ones who later get ticketed
Police chief C.E. Sonny Sherrod Jr said the point is not to see how many tickets we can ride for revenue or statistics but to educate
The hope is that once people get used to driving safely along the city's major roads
They will maintain their good driving habits on smaller residential streets after netting violators to the next three to four waste plans
Police plan to reinstate the program several times the year end of quote end of story
If that doesn't sound like a carbon copy of the conversation we had with that militant obnoxious
Disgusting pork or on Friday on the show. I mean almost word for word is what it sounds like to me
Of course, it's only a coincidence because I happen to live in plantation and guess what I'm not wearing those seatbelt
I'm going on the year right here with that now today. I am not wearing a seatbelt see that whole seatbelt law
Is like telling me what kind of toilet paper I have to wipe my ass with
It's none of your business
What I'm doing inside that car unless it affects the way that I drive and by the way wearing a seatbelt
And I've tried it does affect the way that I drive that's romantically. Yeah, when you have a big side cup
That's right
That's exactly correct and if they want I'll get a note from my doctor
And I'm very positive I have several doctors who'll be more than happy to write a note saying like an excuse from school
Because I got a head cold today that I'm fat pig and that dry and I have diabetes and I blood pressure in this and that and whatever else
An occasional hemorrhoids and as a result
I'm cannot wear that seatbelt and if you guys don't have anything better do an addition to which the last time I check pulling somebody over
Only for not wearing a seatbelt isn't legal in the state of Florida
You have to be violating some other
Traffic law before they can pull you over for that is the way I understand the law could be wrong about that
Now maybe we'll start pulling people over for passing on the right to look on sunrise
Now I applaud I'm all for pulling over dangerous drivers
People who are running red lights people are running stop sign not maybe like not make it a complete stop
But people are running stop sign people speeding in school zone
I'm coming this morning to work out here on the honeyhill road
And I'm slowing down now graded those lights have a work since we had the big storm a couple of weeks ago
But any jackass can see what those see those people with the other with the straps the orange straps on standing on the corners
Helping the little kids across the street those traffic whatever they call them
That means their school in session and the signs is very clearly
School zone 8 to 9 a.m. And I'm coming here 25 to 9 or 20 to 9 this morning
And I'm slowing down to my 15 miles an hour and here's this big a sparser in a big truck behind me
And this guy is like practically pushing me because he's so pissed off because I'm going 15 miles an hour right on the dot
Well, it's a school zone you asshole
And there's people speeding through there. I didn't see don't begin any tickets of course people go in 70 miles an hour on sunrise
Like I said 80 miles an hour on sunrise and Broward Boulevard
People running those lights that I've been talking about forever and of course this business
They're going to be equipped with radar and ticket books
Well, that sounds like more of the same to me
And if you have aren't you know, why don't you get the speed limits like on hiatus?
They're up to where they belong like 45 instead of 35 and then none of us would have who are
It all responsible, but have any problem with that
But it's very obvious to me that some of those speed limits are said artificially low so that they can do what they've been doing for years
Maybe that's why they have so many fatalities and so many accidents
If they haven't been doing a good job of getting the really dangerous drivers off the road
And they're sitting there with too many goddamn speed traps. What a concept in plantation, huh?
What a concept and sitting around by my house a couple of blocks away off the under of trees under malaluka trees
Waiting to see if all four wheels on your car came to a full stop, but it came to that stop sign
And maybe just some of those trees got trimmed back by the way
So you could see absolutely clear in every direction there
Maybe that might be a little help too
Instead of having big branches of trees hanging out in the middle of the street
So you couldn't see somebody coming if you're life depended on that at certain intersections
But this sounds like a militant that sounds exactly like this
Porker that called here and it was on a browered line by the way
And I'd be willing to bet a lot of money if I could get my bed in which I doubt
But if we want a lot of a little bit a lot of money that it was the same porkering that this whole thing is an offshoot of this show
Wouldn't surprise the hell out of me. We're gonna show you you faggot
We're gonna show you a thing or two and we'll hang out there right and and by the way
If you also want to help save some lives
How about it's really nice the city of plantation finally got that light up there at a hundred eighteen to have it when sunrise
Boulevard
But you know something it's been up there for weeks and all it does is flash and flash it flashes yellow and it flashes red
That's all it does it doesn't change anything
It's no different than it was before because there are stop signs on the north end of a hundred eighteen and summer and the south
And I'm both sides of that intersection
So if you would put that light in the motion put it into a work put it get it working and make it a regular stop light
Would like a you know like a real red light would certainly help to control traffic and also stop people try to pull out of there
And make a left turn and get and killed
But I realize I understand we're pushing a little bit too hard you want to you want to make us obedient
In fact a case of writing business we want to make you obedient like the guy
So we want to condition you to doing things right right
Like you're at a condition dangerous drivers and trucking drivers into doing things right
Okay, let's try Miramar. Hello
Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. All right. Oh my god that radio yesterday was bad. I thought it was my radio. Thank God
It's only your signal. Yeah, sounded like the radio. What mean? Thank God. It's only my signals in that grade
Anyway about the porco situation. I hope first on the list are these cops when they're off duty and in their private cars
They drive around no, they're not sure what you will wasting your time with it. They're not going to be first on the list
They're not going to be on the list. You know what they're not going to be on the list
You know that and their family members that's just because they have one of those little badges on their
Tag means that they can drive any way they want
Well, that's all part of a that whole thing that that whole fraternal order police business and all that the stuff
You put on the bumper. I mean if people really don't get stopped because they weren't at stuff
That's one of the biggest the hoaxes in history mankind that asshole that called you last week is probably
The cop that elicit the guys that that drive around and we've in between traffic and how do you know that?
Well because they were like that these cops
They drive that's a good point. They think they're above the law they shouldn't be up the law
But they don't have to abide by it. Okay. Have a great day pal. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah, hi
According to the law has turned on
January 1st that that anyone that does not have sleep up on
Could people double without doing something else?
It's just started this year. Well, isn't that great? Yeah, because when I had to go to traffic and Google back on
January 7th and I bought that point up in the guys on that anymore January 1st
If you're caught without a seat belt, they could stop you and if you're caught without a seat belt
Yeah, get that one little petty thing
Oh, I better to do I better go out and buy some shaman today because I don't think I got the right kind of toilet paper my house either
There you go. Thanks for the good news and closing. Yes. Can I shame this request? Yeah, the Japanese are called and
Chinese don't get the judge in the
The Chinese the Chinese don't get to put a chick in the armor there. Were you all right? Okay. I'll work on it
You like a great cigar. I should do boy. What's life without a good cigar?
If you're a guy or woman who wants to be a guy or who just wants to be a much a woman whatever
Nix is the place to go to get your great cigars. It's the largest manufacturer of premium hand ruled cigars the entire US of
A it's a third generation of premium cigar craftsmen who really know their stuff and nix is a local manufacturer
Which means factory direct savings for you by premium cigars at affordable prices because there's no pimping valve
No middleman so get on down next. Don't forget every Saturday if you can't make it down there during the week
If you're like a working stiff or you have a life Saturdays from 11 in the morning till 4 in the afternoon
They stay open just for you guys to go down there and pick up on all your great cigars and humidores and all your other accessories too
Nix cigars for the people who really appreciate a great cigar
711 West Flagler just a mile east off the flagr history next to your Palme de Wix press way 305 266
9907 puts some real enjoyable pleasure in your post real soon from our friends at Nix cigar
All the way to the next to my
What you gotta do
You have to fight for hold her safe
I was more than happy
And now there's more I'd like to do
I want to get there but she won't let me
I want to live there so we have been in her years
I want to hold her behind closed doors more
I want to get there but she won't let me
I want to get there
When she returns she said she was an actress
She showed me an album a picture of her opening
Which he then said no
She seemed to be she could be
But I was a clear-listy
She was a kind girl
And hard
I want to get there but she won't let me
I want to live there
We have been in her years
I want to hold her behind closed doors more
I want to conserve her but she won't let me
Well, I'll never forget that train right down to our film
We're saved as late and we shared our tales
But as my heart flies to leave her behind
And regrets are all my pride
Because I've got you said through in the end
I want to get her but she won't let me
I want to live there so we have been in her years
I want to hold her behind closed doors more
I want to get there but she won't let me
I want to get there
There was once a time that all that long ago a few years ago we couldn't play that on the year
That was one of our censored pieces of material
And that leads right in its segways right on this back which is a new one
We had this story yesterday in Texas about the t-shirt
Another habitual t-shirt violator this one in Ocala
Jury selection began Monday in the trial of a 24-year-old Florida man
A trial
They're having a trial over this okay
Charged with obscenity over a t-shirt featuring a bear-breasted nun and calling Jesus a profane name
How do you like that?
A bear-breasted nun probably
This is a married Catherine Jesus
That sums it all up I guess
Record store clerk Andrew Love was wearing a division of record store clerk
Wearing a new t-shirt promoting the British death metal band cradle of filth in November
When security offers at no Cala shopping mall
Told him to turn the garment inside out or leave
Before he was able to reverse the shirt Ocala police showed up arrested him and confiscated the shirt
The shirt shows a bear-breasted woman in a nun's habit reaching between her legs
On the back are the words Jesus is a using the crude term for female genitalia
The seaword
I know it's offensive Love said since when it is against the law to be offensive
Love continued the shirt was not obscene but prosecutor Steve Rogers
No relation thank God disagreed
Love was never jailed on the misdemeanor charge was released on his own reconnaissance if convicted
He could be fined $1,000 in sentence to a year in jail
Along with all those other habitual like pot smokers probably
Florida law defines obscenity
If something the average person believes would appeal the way perian shameful or morbid interest
Something is obscene if a depicted or described sexual material in a patently offensive
Oh here we go with this again and lacks serious literary artistic political scientific value
Which means that none of those postcards that they sell their Amsterdam on street corners out in the public
Would they be able to sell here of course like the ones that had showed the Pope sitting on the throne taking a dump
In this community meaning O'Calla the t-shirt is definitely political said loves attorney Jim Reich
He said the case had sparked an outcry from fans of cradle of filth civil libertarians and those of the anarchistic bent
Reich argued loves arrest amounted to unlawful prior restraint because police officers determined on their own
That the t-shirt was obscene
Merrient county judge Sandra Edward Stevens rejected that argument and opening statements were expected to start in the case two days
Another habitual t-shirt violator so don't give me no sign of dance about American first amendment rights because we don't have any
That's what it boils down to we have the word police we have the bumper sticker police we have the word police now
We got to goddamn t-shirt police remember in Hollywood not too many years ago in mayor of Galantia had the t-shirt police arrestings about young people in Hollywood beach
First of all why would young people want to be in Hollywood beach anyway with all the old frogs
But number two they were wearing t-shirts that said disgusting things which were like by the way
Pailed into insignificant compared that one so there you go with some more good police work in America as the you hear the boots stop and all over the place baby
So those rumors must be right this they must be planning on unloading this joint. Oh, it's all over the place
I heard a rumor on the radio just a little while ago the QAM is being sold that's what I hear oh my god you listen
No, there's no way that I could convey to this audience how desperately we George and I and many others but now speak for ourselves
How we pray that that's true pray is the understanding like I said I'll turn to religion I'll become born again I'll be I'll put on my white shirt in the tie and ride a bicycle
I'll do anything okay that's right. I'll even put on that magic underwear
I don't give a crap anything at this point just to try to bring that to fruition and make it a reality
Because these people here man I am they are clueless it's not like they're a little bit off they're way off in La La land
They're so far removed from anything that has to do with radio broadcasting that it's like we're talking about a Chinese freaking laundry
And they could even screw that up and I forgot that Chinese restaurant but it being hanged on I'll get around with just hang with New Palace one of these there's a plant
Here's Tamarack hello
Yes sir
Yeah I'm responding to the article that you just read about the t-shirt
Yes sir
Yeah I was working in plantation seven years ago near the corner that you talked about a lot but I was a little bit about a university
I heard you had the flip-top of the crop saying out right and the guy I was working for why were the spreading goods we had a lot of escape t-shirts
And we got the words that there has been a point of being
And we got a complaint from one of the cops that said a woman had called and they were going to come down and they were going to confiscate the shirts and so forth
Yeah because they probably wanted to give away his gifts to their girlfriends
But anyway I told the boss I said just leave the shirts out there and what the ships probably they may and what they're going to do
What the shirts were they may right
Exactly but he could fervent any any any took the t-shirts down and kicked in because he didn't want any problems
I was wanting to let it go all the way
Yeah I'm going to shoot
Like you see that you know I figured the first amendment would protect me but I did
Oh yeah right
I guess you're in a dream world man you're in La La Land there's no first amendment
It's an arbitrary thing the cops make it up as they go along
Oh we find that and that's offensive that's obscene okay
We got to know that these were just the one he's about to scurry
You know I can compare to what you're talking about but it was decided to that you just mentioned
And it's interesting enough you're in the plantation the cops were very good because they at least took the fath
And they told us what was going to happen and they've been very friendly to us
So those are the ones you talked about that I always have the coffee at that place
Right oh they sure do well I make a good cup of coffee I'll tell you that
Definitely
Okay congratulations sir
And I'm just responding and I'm glad you cleaned up your act
Okay, bye bye
We got the dirty language t-shirt police going out baby you have to be kidding me
What the hell are you doing and what are you doing in Amsterdam?
And Neil?
Yes I love this apartment we have it you welcome to use it
We have one block from the marijuana hash you see
Which means we're a half a block for the red light dish
Don't keep your damn windows closed for Christchurch all you need to do is get the munchies
That'll be the end of you
It's true
You don't need any assistance
Neil I want you to use this place I love it I love Amsterdam
It took six days to get a phone
But it is wonderful the food is great
The bakery is so good
No fish food I'm stood on
No no I just want to send you loving kisses and I that way here will be back in New York
Wednesday in Florida, Sandy and I want you to use the apartment it would be a joy to share this
Oh I definitely will
You got it
And how's the weather there now?
You know it's not too bad 56 degrees
They're surprised because it's a very warm winter
Yeah
But it's such a civilized town
Yeah
By the way I just I would like you very like me rarely do you make a mistake
But I watched one of the tapes you sent me with the excerpts from Midnight Blue
And one more you were talking about Amsterdam and what a great country it is
Yes
Amsterdam is a city not a country I don't want to get confused the Netherlands Holland has got two names
But last time I checked Amsterdam was only a city but you know only that we had a country the whole country would be like that
I know but with a joint in my mouth I didn't care
Yeah that's true
How do you feel?
And most of that movie I'd see your mouth on something else but I don't want to get in with
We don't want to talk about that
No we don't
I'll be back in town next week I'll have to see you
In fact that's when I had a relapse so I was feeling pretty good and then I put that video in just to see what it was all about
And watching you apply that tongue insert I mean oh
Why do you allow this thing having any kind of a sexual experience is such a gross up?
You lose your appetite for months
Well I do
Well I've never heard his bits
I'm a little bit
Wait a minute wait a minute you never heard just a second
You see your talking when you listen
That's a great club you moron
You're looking for glory holes
No they are guided dumping
I know
Mr. Al Goldstein presents the art of taking a dump
Oh what I like to do is place a TV tray in front of me when I go
It gives me a way of expediting the food I enjoy
I have my corn flakes today
Corn is good it goes right through
It also helps to have a few pictures of glory and learn it around
But what I truly enjoy is the luxury of bathroom acoustics
I always keep a karaoke machine nearby
This way I can enjoy the acoustics when I sing
Fart and poop and splat and sploop and spewing and spray and strain in my heart
Don't care if it's real or a fun
So when you have to make don't hold it in
When I gotta do some pictures of improvement best joining my poopies here
And if I feel good when I'm full
That's a healthy
That's a healthy
How do you like that?
That's wonderful meal
What a great tribute to Al Goldstein
Next week I'll see you at the track
Maybe I'll win some money
Fat Rich stole 200 dollars
Oh you never give me the money back
Never give me the money back
He's fed you the poop
Okay
Neil thank you
I'll be here yourself
Okay go smoke some for us
Al Goldstein and I'm stood out and talk about dangerous
Or at least they don't have any good food there
He'll find it
Yeah I couldn't find it but do you want some for sale?
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
We shall name
Patrick
Yeah
So it's supposed to talk some name for
Who?
Who?
Okay how long is your second okay?
Yeah
Hello
How's this?
Yeah who's speaking?
Huh?
Yeah, hello
Who's speaking?
Hello?
Hello?
Can you hear me?
Yeah?
You got a rest off for sale?
Huh?
How much you want for the stock?
Well you come here to look at it and talk to the boss
I come over maybe eat dinner with you
Okay
Does a jack price include all the walks?
Huh?
How much is it?
It's Chinese
Yeah Chinese
Okay you come with the same boss
So what?
Yeah?
I can't do it
Yeah, I got a rest off for sale
Yeah
How much is it?
Okay how about I get all the to go
and then I come over to pick it up and look at the shop?
Okay
Okay
Which one?
You know, you need to know how to do it
I need to know how to do it
How much is it?
So you want to buy a stock for sale?
No, I need to know
Okay I'll be right there
Okay
That's all for sale?
Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. Hopefully I turn out better than the others.
You, you, um, you've been getting a lot of tickets like everybody else. It's a few traps and I just got three.
I've been doing what? Getting a lot of tickets. No, I have not. I haven't had a ticket in years. Well, you talk about a lot.
Yeah. I talk about it a lot because I don't think that that's law enforcement is having speed traps.
Yeah. That's not law enforcement. I agree with you. I get them all the time. But what would you say if I gave you a suggestion how you yourself could change the system?
Yeah. If you would promote because you know, never go down the road and see a speed trap. Yeah.
Somebody in the opposite direction has the headlights on blinking in warning. Right, which is against the law, by the way. It is. Uh-huh. How about just putting your headlights on?
Well, that's okay. But if you would promote something like that, I mean, it's against the law, but we all should be doing it. I always have promoted that.
And the cop, that's the couple, put you over and give you a ticket for that too, by the way. I think it's very pissed off if you do that.
What was that broken? Huh? I think you can't give a ticket because I feel like a bunch of that. Well, who knows. I have no idea because you're screwing with their game. Don't you understand?
They resent that. That's why they resent me because I've been talking for weeks now about the silly stop sign police implantation and about the radar traps on hiatus wrote.
So now they're taking it out on me and now they're going to take it out on everybody else because they're pissed off over there. Somebody peed in their coffee at the food spot, I guess.
Yeah. I don't know how. For as long as I can remember on this show, we've done these pig reports where people call in and they tell us wherever there are speed traps. We put it right on the air.
That's the best thing that I can do and we will continue doing it. How would they be able to give you a ticket though just for putting a headlight on you're asking me who knows.
All I know is that they do threaten. They they have full people over. They make them psychotic because for whatever reason, they say that they're not supposed to do that.
Just like they say that you're supposed to wear a seatbelt and they say that you're not supposed to pick your nose with the index finger of your right hand. Only your left. Have a great day, sir.
Put on my seatbelt yesterday when I left here for the first time in a long time just to see what it was like wearing a seatbelt. I don't like it. I hate it. Very constricting. It's very uncomfortable.
But of course in this town since most people are see this is like the guy to call for Massachusetts yesterday about what Jerry Williams did on a radio years ago.
And he got the seatbelt law repealed the federal government intimidated them and made him put it back in and we instate the law.
The government's got no business. We're hard telling you what to do inside your car any more than they have to tell you what to do inside your house.
The only thing they can tell you what to do inside your house is you don't like beat up your pet or your kids or your wife or anybody else because that affects somebody else.
And just like the example I used yesterday the government telling you what kind of toilet paper you got to use or which hand to wipe with. It's no different.
Oh, but it's for your safety. No, it's not for your safety. It's just another way that you give up freedom and let the government intrude where they have no business.
How about letting the government send inspectors to your house at night to see who's doing what in the bedrooms?
I don't see a hell of a lot of difference. It's none of their business. It's insurance company bull crap. It's revenue raising bull crap and you cops and plantation. I got news for you. I'm wearing my seatbelt.
Are you? Yes, I am. I understand I wasn't even homeless. I understand there was a plantation porker parked right in the corner and I pulled somebody over for a not coming to a full stop at the stop sign there right by my house right by the house.
What a coincidence. Doesn't phase me in the least and this obnoxious arrogant prick that called issue on Friday. And I wouldn't be surprised if it's this hill gun felt guy because his quotes.
You know, the more I read, I got this one little column from yesterday's for Monday's paper and the more I like and there's one line in many cases.
Hilton felt said the people who complain the loudest about terrible drivers are the same ones who later get ticketed. Who could he be referring to?
Yeah, who is he referring to? The people who complain the loudest about bad drivers? Who is that? You open your window. Do you hear anybody out there complaining?
Later, get ticketed. See, I hate to break the news to you, Sergeant. Whatever your name is. Captain Sergeant, no time for sergeants, but I happen to be a damn good driver and a safe and responsible driver.
And even though I got a car that will go very, very fast, I got drive very, very fast. And yes, I do resent when people go by. I mean, there are a couple of things that really piss me off.
Number one, when I'm trying to go close to the speed limit and somebody is right on my ass.
Tailgating because they're trying to push me because I'm not going fast enough to suit them. And if I'm speeding, if I'm going seven miles over the speed limit, they're right on my ass because I'm not going fast enough for them.
I'm not getting the ticket to make them happy. Okay, tough crap. If you want to pass me around two WL lines, go right ahead and take your chances, baby. But I'm not speeding up to make you happy.
And the other thing is when I'm going like 52 and a 45 on sunrise and some asshole like George goes by me 75 miles an hour on sunrise, Boulevard, that really forced my ass.
I go with the flow. I was only going to what I'm going to be on the road. 65 or when I'm going 70 on the turnpike where the speed limit is 65.
And that's about what I drive around 70 and a 65 and nothing wrong with that. And somebody goes by me going 95 miles an hour.
And I never ever see any of those people get it pisses me off because those people are a menace. You people are crazy.
And yes, you should be getting tickets, but the problem is they're not the ones who get the tickets, baby.
The ones who get the speeding tickets are the ones who get caught in all these little radar traps that we set up.
So don't give me a song in advance about you're trying to save lives. You're trying to condition people.
The drunks continue driving drunk and getting their licenses back and the chronic high speeders continue driving 85, 90, 100 miles an hour.
And you know it and I know it. So go freshen up the coffee at the food spot and plantation and cut the crap because you're not full on me.
You're not full of anybody else and you're sure as hell not intimidated me. You can make as many phone calls to this show as you want.
Doesn't phase me in the least, but I'll be wearing my seatbelt. Slow down and plantation.
By the way, you don't want to get no tickets and buckle up your seat belt and make a full stop and sit there for about half an hour at the stop sign.
And guess what they still don't have the light working at 118th Avenue in sunrise Boulevard.
The light's still flashing there useless useless as teats on a caterpillar.
That's how worthwhile that light is there. But oh, we don't want all these vitality. Well, and how about getting that light working?
Okay. And one thing I will say since I do a grid of credit where credit is doing she one of the reasons they're kicked off the plantation cups is they had a great
thing going there for months. Even back when we're still on here in Paxon. Remember I used to talk about that 30 mile an hour thing, the construction thing on sunrise and they would just sit there right and visit.
And really you had no way of knowing where it stopped and where it started. That's one of the famous scams with construction zones.
Is you really can't be sure where it stops and where it ends. And there was no reason for their most days to even days when there was no construction going on 30 miles an hour.
So they're upset because they finally did a great construction job there. And you know, there was some inconvenience to those of us who live out there in West Broward.
But you know something they did a hell of a job, the DOT or whoever it is that we really give anybody credit.
They did a fine job at sunrise. Boulevard now is a wide six lane highway out there all the way to where the arena is going to be.
It's a Mahaya man. Nice job guys. All they got to do is put the reflectors down. That'll be all done and fixed that stop light and make it work.
But that's one of the reasons that they got to do all this other business is because that was it. That was like shooting fish in a barrel man. That was that was a piece of cake.
Who's going to be going 30 miles an hour on a four lane, a big four or five lane, whatever the hell it was at the time. Highway, especially on a road where Georgia is going 70 miles an hour.
There's the one you want to get after is Georgia Rodriguez. Okay. Are you plantation porkers and wherever else in sunrise you're driving? Where is it for a lot of day? What part of sunrise?
Like university in sunrise. Yeah, plantation. There you go. There's one for you in his beige Toyota four runner. Okay. He's going 70 miles an hour.
That's a huge. What? It's desert. It's it's a huge place. It's number. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Never mind me. Yes, I'm driving home on the after all is hot going to try to go about these cops and all this bull crap.
And I'm driving home on the turnpike. And here's an asshole in a green van. And he's like in the I'm in the middle lane on the turnpike.
He's in the left hand lane. He's about to go by me. But of course he sees the car. Obviously he knows what it and now he hits the break and he sits out there and he kind of backs up.
And I like he's looking over my shoulder. Was that where my seatbelt? No, no, I was not. But I am wearing my seatbelt now. All you plantation porkers. I don't want to give you an easy target on an event of new product. It's just a sash.
It looks like a seatbelt and you just put it on and sit down and it looks like that's not a new product. Oh, it's not. They've already know it's not. Oh, sorry.
See if I'd called that. Now when do I get one of those? Yeah, you go and see there. Not only does he go 70 miles an hour on sunrise right in the middle of plantation nearby university and his
a piece of desert doing for runner. He's also advocating violent while lawbreakers. He's the one not me. I'm the safe driver. He in fact rich. The two maniacs. There isn't man. It drives 90 miles an hour in the school zone. That's how fast he goes. This man is out of control.
The fat man. Well, he's fat. He's got a heavy foot, which by the way my foot is still killing me. I think I need acupuncture from that crack.
I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I
I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor. I
am a doctor. I am a doctor. I am a doctor. I am a doctor. I am a doctor. I am a doctor. I'm a doctor. I am Meinung D. Herbine. Herbine drainage law accused of
twenty-two years in the business. Yes, it's you know, I was arguing some
antics with a friend of mine and it's not really an opinionated answer. I mean,
it's fact somewhere. When you were bought out, you know, your contract. Yeah. We were
arguing that I was saying you were unemployed. He was saying you were still
employed by the people. Of course I wasn't unemployed. I was being paid to a
goal of vacation. I wasn't unemployed. Yeah. Well, I mean, we were like I said
arguing some antics. You were you weren't working. Yeah. Right. That was
basically what I was when I was. Well, what's what's the point? What's
different doesn't make what you call it? I'd like to be unemployed like that
the rest of my life. So what was unemployed? Huh? You were employed. Let me see.
Yeah, I was not unemployed. I was employed. I just didn't have to show up. I
got a check. I came and picked up a check every week. You can't be unemployed and get
paid. Well, no, did they consider that employed? Absolutely. Yes. Well, I
figured it was something like a great day, pal. Oh my god. Oh, the world is
coming to an end with that call right there. That's it. That's the end. I
actually had a feeling for about an hour and a half today that we were going to
make it today that we really were going to have a show. We're going to have some
real zippity doodos and real people on this phone. Forget it. I mean, talk about
get a life. Well, it's really semantic. Yeah, semantics. People have argue
semantics are people in desperate search of life. Here's a mobile in four
lottery. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Good old story. When I first came down here
right out of college to become a school teacher, I went downtown Miami and
crossed the street there and came on out and as I came out and crossed the
street again, it was a cop there. Yeah. And he said to Jay walking. And I said, Jay
walking. And he pointed a sign out, showing off. There's a sign. Says, Jay walking.
So I said, okay, well, I guess it's give me a second. So he said, let me see a
license. I said, I'm walking. I'm not driving. You don't need to see my license.
So he says, is this your car? I said, yeah, but I'm not driving it. He says, well, it's
a part of the expired meter. I said, oh, my God. Give me a ticket for that. So he
gives me a ticket for Jay walking. He says, you'll cross the street when you
want in. I said, yeah, he says, okay. So he gave me two Jay walking tickets. Then he
gave me an expired meter ticket. Then he gave me a ticket because there was a
no there was a construction sign next to the car. And he gave me a ticket for
parking a restricted zone. And then he says, I refuse to give my driver's
license. He gave me a ticket for no license. Handcrafted me. Had my car
towed and sent me to jail. Went to court a couple days later. The judge read
the thing called me up call the cop up. He said to the copy, he said, first of all,
you're going to pay for his car. Then you towed. Secondly, you're going to
reimburse him for his time. And if I ever see you coming to my court with this
kind of crab again, I'm going to get you off the force.
Oh, great, great story, sir. That was it. Congratulations. Don't do it again.
Okay. Honey, like that. See that that cop was one of those bricks that I'm
talking about. Oh, it's in which we can probably people. And there are plenty
of those. If you're visiting, if you're one of the snowboards down here and you're
tuned in today by accident, wondering what it's all about. This is what this
town is all about. Okay. It's a bunch of dead people walking around,
but you're dead people driving. It's a bunch of people who have moved and they
moved their lips a lot. They don't say too much. They don't have an opinion
about anything. And yet somehow I've survived 22 years in the midst of all of
this. How is that possible? How in God's name is that possible? Man, oh man, I
was thinking about that the other day, thinking about surviving 22 years with a
bunch of dead heads. And the minute that it came, that thought came to my
mind. I pooped my pants. Oh, God. I just let loose 22 years of frustration of
trying to coerce a force people to like say something. Have an opinion. Get
some, get some passion. There is no passion. That's the thing that is lacking in
this town is passion. It doesn't exist. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir.
Handing me a cop story for you. Yeah. Coconut Creek PD. All right. I'm going up
Ryan's road. He felt on three or four miles an hour to speed limit. Two
motorcycle cops. One of them shoot this thing. Anything nothing out of it. One of
them all of a sudden I look at my rear view, I go past them, look at my rear view,
one of them behind me. What did I do? So he posed me over. I asked him,
that's what I do. How nice. Where are you going?
About the rear four over. Three or four miles over this pyramid. So let me finish.
So he says the tent on your windshield extends too far down the windshield. I said,
well, wait a minute. I said, Neil, get this. It's factory kit. It comes from the factory
that way. It's inside the glass. Oh. So he writes me a ticket. I'll take it for what?
For what was it? Because your thing is too long. Yeah, the thing was too long. So he
writes me a ticket. I'll never get a ticket for that. Oh, then now listen to this.
Not only do I have to pay the ticket, but I have to bring the car to Coconut Creek PD
to prove that I comply with whatever I got to go. I got to go put a new windshield in
the car. Oh my God. I swear to God. Unbelievable.
There you go. Wrist my case pal. In closing? And your paint is salary, yeah.
Yes sir. In closing? Yes. Okay. Let's take a boi-ton beach. Hello.
How's it going? Pretty good. I don't envy your position. These people have been sitting
here. God knows why for about a half an hour waiting for you. The guy with 6 minutes and
6 seconds. The guy with place, Mr. what the hell was he talking about? I haven't got
any idea. Oh, I think he was talking about Mark Foreset. I swear to God I was going to
hang up after him. But, I'm not interested. I'm sure. Never. I'm sure. I'm sure I'm
sure. I love Farah Foreset. Not now. I used to. But anyway. One of the measurements
you said actually she got beat up by that intruder that time of the spray member. And she
tied him up and put him in a fireplace. What was the name of that movie George? Well that
was a good movie.
While he beat the crap out of it.
Yeah, I played college hockey, love hockey.
Unfortunately, a Ranger fan.
But a few other things South Florida.
I moved down here about two years ago.
Now you're talking born from Boston.
From Long Island.
It's terrible here.
And Miami is the armpit of the United States.
It's the most place to be.
South Beach, a bunch of weirdos down there.
A bunch of drug addicts, but the composers, muscle bomb
posing facts.
And these cars with the Manishbox wheels, it's
stick out 10 feet.
And the shorts down the middle of their ass crack.
Right.
Religion is another thing.
Yeah.
I'm a first time caller, last time caller,
because I don't have time to call you.
But I want to get a few more things off with you.
Go ahead.
Religion, I totally agree with you.
I laughed in the car.
It is the biggest bunch of crap.
Yeah.
The Bible is a fictional story.
I can see the guys writing the Bible way back when all
drunk around the table, laughing, telling stories.
Well, I mean, people have been inventing gods
and the side of those steps.
They're going out since the beginning of time.
And anybody, anybody who's got even a tiny ability to think
for himself or for yourself knows that and would just laugh
at this crap.
But the sad part of it is that people don't want to think.
You get chastised.
That's why, if you say anything today.
Anyway, I would be happy to tell the women out there.
OK.
I had a heterosexual.
I love women.
But this is women powered bullsh**ts going on right now.
What the hell is that all about?
OK.
And to pal, OK, said crap.
And I just, he's getting a little worked up.
I left him on there, but bullcrap is right.
So you can't say shot.
You can take one, but you can't say it.
Because this is America and after all, just like the things
I brought up about the t-shirt, please.
Got almost no response about that.
See, you people are so conditioned.
I mean, the couple called Friday was right about that.
We want to condition you to doing fill in the blank.
To being nice and obedient and whatever it is.
We're going to condition you.
Even if you shouldn't have to be doing this,
we're going to condition you to doing this.
Because we decided that you can't wear a t-shirt that says this.
And you can't have a bumper sticker that says that.
Here's a mobile in sunrise.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing today?
Great.
You know what ticks us all off?
Neil is the fact that you have these cops working over time
by the saw grass.
You know, he's supposed to stick the 50 cents in those
at Oakham Park in commercial.
And they get you, if you don't stick the 50 cents
in the little hole there, these cops are working on O.T.
This is the most amazing thing that a cop is getting paid
to even do these things.
Well, listen, pay the 50 cents and cut the crap.
You know what that reminds me of?
Oh, I think it was yesterday.
I should have brought it.
And there was a letter to the editor from some old fart.
Your telly was an old fart by the nature of the letter.
And this guy was complaining because he had gotten a ticket.
He went through the toll booth like a turnpike or somewhere.
And the arm was stuck up in the air.
And the green light was stuck in the on position.
So he just goes through.
He doesn't put in his 50 cents, his 75 cents,
because the green light is on.
And then he's belly, and then he gets a ticket.
Well, guess what, pal?
Just because the thing is stuck doesn't mean
it's an invitation to just go right through you asshole.
Well, I thought it was a free date.
Yeah, right.
It's like that salad dressing free.
I'll never forget that if I live in the B 500.
And I didn't make this up.
It's a true goddamn story.
Seven years ago, I mean, my public's over there.
It's got to be like four or five years ago.
And this old bag is in front of me in line.
And of course, he's making a big to do.
She got like six items on there.
And everybody's like, oh, how much is this?
But I beat, but I'm up.
And then the girl takes, you know,
the bottle of craft salad dressing
and puts it through the scanner there.
And a woman says, wait a minute, what'd you do that for?
And the girl looks at her, what do you mean?
It says right in the bottle, free.
Fat free, you stupid old disgusting obnoxious idiotic.
I mean, God, that fucking bitch, free.
So why didn't you get 20 or 30 of them, by the way?
Only in Florida, baby, only in this town.
Only where the living people are really dead,
masquerading.
No, Charles Alfieri doesn't have any surprises for you.
What he's got is a great looking head in here.
My dad knocked the office.
He makes me win.
He tied me up.
When I was young, the name is me.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I was killed by my daddy.
And what's up?
My dad knocked me over.
I was a kid, a dream.
It's got a media message.
I'm a woman who knows.
He beats me and beats me with the mouth, they're ho.
And what's my head in you, darling?
He's up here, oh, he's up to come around now.
So they're gonna let him go.
My dad knocked me over.
He beat me very soon.
Get it up to come around.
Tell you the one who beat it.
You'll never hear him not beat it.
My dad knocked me over.
My dad knocked me over.
My dad knocked me over.
So let me just mention this thing here,
because I'm gonna forget about it, and I don't want to do that.
Boy tossed out of current I-95,
child's mother charged with attempted murder,
hope sound, and apparently drugged and paranoid mother
once accused of starving her newborn daughter,
pulled her toddler son from his car seat
and tossed him out the window on Thursday,
as she raced along interstate I-95.
That's f***ing bitch.
She picked him up by his coveralls,
and threw him out to Florida Highway Patrol trooper, Deborah Busby,
the screaming two and a half year old boy,
hurtled across the median as shocked motorists,
pulled over to help him.
Steven had died, lost consciousness,
only as paramedics placed him on a gurney.
The boy was in serious but stable condition
with broken bones on Thursday night at St. Mary's Medical Center
was undergoing CAT scans,
and Barry Jackson's worried about
if we're gonna have the Jimmy Johnson press conference.
See what I'm saying?
Well, I got this TV in here.
Thanks, Jeff Cohen, and a satellite dish.
Thanks to our friends at Digital World satellite.
Not so I could watch ESPN and find out
if there's any big sports stories breaking.
But so we can have CNN on here and find out
if the president's gonna get impeached.
If he's had any good blow jobs this week,
if we're gonna have a goddamn war with Iraq,
what's going on in the outside world?
Barry Jackson, I suggest you open up the window
and stick your fat ass out there,
and find out there's other things going on in the world.
Okay, you simple, then you jackass, you...
You're just like those people that the guy was talking about.
Anyway, this little boy's mother, Chris Anjada,
30 of West Palm Beats, was charged
with attempted murder and aggravated child abuse,
and was being held on $60,000 bail at the Martin County jail.
It was Hadoz's second child abuse arrest in 1991.
Hadoz pleaded guilty to child abuse charges.
After her infant daughter turned up malnourished
and convulsing at a hospital emergency room.
She received five years probation court document.
Showing, here's the best part.
Hadoz was going through a divorce and had won
temporary custody of her children court record show.
How do you like that?
She was going through a divorce and won
temporary custody of her children.
Hadoz and her parent Manick depressive,
it was no longer taken her medication,
had lost a lot of weight recently.
She'd become obsessed with the notion that a secret agency
was trying to steal her son,
according to neighbors and friends.
Probably the Illuminati, or the trial-ateral commission.
She told them she discovered the plot on the internet
and was fleeing with her child.
Oh, the plot was on the internet,
just like all those great NHL pages you see on there.
About 10.45 AM traveling north on 9.00.
And he five at speeds of up to 85 miles an hour.
Hadoz threw the toddler out of the driver's side window
and then skidded into a ditch.
The boy hit the ground screaming witnesses
told police and continued to cry as witnesses
raised to comfort him.
A dog ran back to her child,
ranting about pornographic movies and poor
international news coverage in local papers,
according to witnesses and police.
Well, now, on that last part,
I think she's got a point about poor international news coverage.
There was nothing in there about the Disney connection.
No.
I heard somewhere on one of the radio news.
Obviously, nothing.
Well, it's not us.
We wouldn't know if she was throwing out of it.
She'd rather see the kid dead than be exposed to
the pornography of Disney movies.
Oh, yeah. She probably saw priest.
Well, maybe she's smarter than we thought.
She knows that there's no fact in the church.
She probably saw priest and got bent out of shape.
This woman, she's getting custody of her kid.
The first one, the little girl,
was convulsing and starving to death.
And this one, she throws out the window.
And people are worried because we're having too many abortions
because we're not making enough babies.
And the Pope is running around telling people
they got to make a lot more babies.
And no, no, with that birth control.
That'd be bad.
Oh, God Almighty.
But I bet you the right to life is not going to be screaming about this
because this kid's already alive.
See, they never care about anybody that's already alive.
It's only that fetus that they're in love with.
Here's Palm Beach. Hello.
And you know, good morning.
I've even talked about porkers the last few days.
You just saw a story on CNN.
A North Florida man arrested handcuffed,
taken away for standing on the roadside with a sign that says,
speed trap ahead.
You was, now, see, this reminds me the thing about the flashing
your lights to warn the other motorist that there's a speed trap.
How can they do that?
I just thought on the other side of the line.
I guess what they say is that you're interfering with law enforcement
when you do that is the technicality of just obstruction of justice.
Oh, my God.
Is bad is Bubba without even getting any harm job out of it.
Have a great day.
Here's North Miami. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'm reading the Miami Morning Rag here.
And Barry Jackass got a car.
Artichael, they're about you.
How this service is to these sport idiots that they're not having
the sports updates every hour on your show.
Yeah.
I mean, police.
You know, something Barry Jackass is a little immature asshole.
If there was anything very earth-shaking and important happening in sports,
it would fax it to us over here in the middle of the show.
And I would put it on the year.
But the fact that not only that, like Joe Sackie gets injured,
we find out we had it on the year here yesterday.
Right.
So if there's anything earth-shaking, I mean, anybody that's that much of a
fanatic that has no life whatsoever, which is Barry Jackson, by the way.
I mean, this guy's pathetic.
And of course, he's nothing but a shill and an asshole.
No, the thing of it is you just, there is those fanatics who listen to you.
And I think that's the dissation because I hear him yesterday,
it's sucking up the hang.
These sports drills, I mean, it's thickening.
Get a license.
So don't listen to the, if you don't want to hear that.
Well, the hang is entertaining, but it's just too bad that we can get all these people.
Well, when you've got a sports station, you're going to attract a lot of those people
who this is their entire life.
They're incapable of thinking or talking or doing about anything else in the world.
And they want to soak that up every minute of the day.
And you're right, those people are pathetic.
I've said that since the day I came on his station.
And Barry Jackson is one of them.
Yeah.
And then he goes, because you didn't care.
They didn't care.
Jimmy Johnson's, uh, uh, press conference last week, instead of interrupting you and, uh,
flopping.
No, we aren't going to be interrupting this show for the, no, I hope not.
No, I hope not.
For his Johnson, already, anybody else is Johnson.
But here's what the free age is, the free age is.
These people just bring a towel.
Football season is over.
If I hear one word, talk about football, about the dog is drafting.
I mean, kind of, these people get a friggin life already.
Amen.
God.
Calm down.
Bye.
Okay.
But he's right.
See, Barry Jackson, this is not a sports show.
I hate to paint you a picture.
I'm sure you're listening right now, your little putt whacker.
This isn't a sports show.
It's the near Roger show, which is probably the best goddamn thing that ever happened to this radio station.
If I do say so myself, and the notion that we're going to be interrupting it to put Jimmy Johnson
out of there to go, blub, blub, blub, blub, like that.
Get a life.
Okay.
Take an interest.
Take up a hobby.
Like, uh, Russian roulette would be good.
Okay.
And then, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I
I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I think, uh, I
have no respect, I have nothing but disdain for people. Hey, uh, you think you think so and so bent on Tennessee last night? Yeah, I mean, what are we talking about, betting on goddamn college ballgame? Get a life already for Christ's sake. You know, uh, one minor
request for my brother McKenzie the the Scottish bagpiper.
Have a great day back.
So it's going to be the same.
It's going to be the same three or four things during.
That's a problem.
Just play them over and over again.
Well, that's just played for 400 times.
We can do it with spots.
We can do it with comedy bits.
Here's Hi, Alia.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
You were talking about the lady who, you know,
the lady who threw the kid in the street.
Right.
Well, I'm a pro lifer.
And we're, we, we care about the children, you know,
what happened to them?
Tags in the church.
OK.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
This is the facts in the church, guys.
That's right.
People's facts in the church.
OK.
When are you going to get a life, man?
We care about our own children.
We care about our children.
Did father or children that your boyfriend run away?
Is that what happened?
Is that why you're so psychotic?
How old school?
Well, you're probably a father or two.
I don't have it even known.
OK.
It's difficult.
How was he?
There's no tags in the church.
Is he?
OK.
There's none.
How about it?
How about it?
How about it?
How about it in the right to life, a little bit of any
facts in the church.
In fact, there's an article in the advocate this week
for quoting some guy from Nevada, who says that everybody
of the Vatican is a fact.
You think that he's a liar?
He's a liar.
OK.
He's hurting the church.
He's probably just a fact propaganda.
This is what I think.
He's trying to hurt the church.
That's what he's trying to do.
It's like you trying to hurt the Catholic church, but it's
on your work.
I know that.
He's on your work that way.
Because they reproduce too fast.
I can't slow it down.
And difficult to your hate to poke.
What do you mean I hate to poke?
I love the pope.
I love the pope.
He's an old fact.
He's like I am.
Yes, he is.
Only I'm a better dresser, although quite frankly.
I've never seen his dress.
Other than that white schmata, he wears all over the place.
I understand in private he wear dresses up just
like a gay and grouper.
You know, one of the most critical decisions
you can make is who to choose is your realtor.
Heal Roger's God.
My religion better than yours.
My religion better than yours.
My religion what requires you to avoid the lens of fire.
My religion better than yours.
My religion better than yours.
My religion better than yours.
Mm-hmm.
My religion has the taste ministry.
And racial hate.
My religion better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
That we like the most, that I voted for.
He's wearing a dress!
My religion's better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
We have no respect for women.
We have no respect for women.
We have no respect for women.
We have no respect for women.
We have no respect for women.
We have no respect for women.
We have no respect for women.
We have no respect for women.
We have no respect for women.
I'm a religion standard and you're...
I'm a religion standard and you're...
We have babies and baby's and babies and babies and you're...
Please.
My religion is better than yours.
It's my religion's better than yours.
We now adore the bothers you like more and more rushes.
You are new.
My religion's better than all our lives.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
We wear ties and ride our bikes and get to an area
where life's my religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than your religion.
My religion is better than yours.
We don't want to use our brains or mindless hands
but we're not going to use our brains.
We're not going to use our brains or mindless hands.
My religion is better than yours.
Let's do Miami.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Very well.
I just wanted to take the time and see if perhaps you'd
like to give me a chance to speak.
I'm a pastor of a local church.
I hear your program on a regular basis.
I can't say that I'm critical of your point of view.
The only thing that I don't understand about you is your A.T.H.
I believe you're an atheist, correct?
Yes.
God forbid.
Okay.
Meaning that you don't believe in God whatsoever.
Of course not.
Okay.
What kind of watch do you wear around your wrist?
What kind of watch do I wear around my limp wrist?
Well, for example, Rolex watch.
No, I don't wear a Rolex.
Okay.
Well, let's just say I take a Rolex and I put it in front of you
and I tell you that that Rolex happened by itself
that it just created itself.
Wouldn't you say that I'm an ignorant person for thinking
that that Rolex happened by itself?
Sir, you know something?
I wouldn't give a crap.
You're not...
You don't worry about how this planet came in.
You know, I absolutely do not because I know that we don't know the answers.
We don't even know answers to things that happened a few years ago
or a few months ago.
We don't even know if Monica Lewinsky was even given blow jobs to the president
and you're trying to give me to believe a bunch of bobbin miceys
that were written by primitive people thousands of years ago.
See, if I did care about those questions, see long time ago I said to myself,
we don't know and we're never going to know.
And that's the end of it.
I'm not going to waste my life listening to a bunch of fairy tales
that are being spread by other people for a purpose,
for like taking over your mind and your money.
What happens when we die then?
You go right into the ground.
Just like phyto goes into the ground.
Just like the cockroach goes into the ground.
You go a dust to dust and so on.
That's it.
I mean, are you really afraid of death?
It's not a matter of being afraid of death because...
Sure it is.
Listen, religion is about two things.
Fear of death and money.
That's the only thing they really know about.
You know what? You are absolutely right.
Religion. You don't need religion.
What you need is a relationship with God.
No, God.
There is no such thing as God is religion.
You have to get away from that word.
Well, I'm not going to play some medical games with you.
There is no God.
If you believe in a God that the Jews invented or the Goa invented
or the...
Okay, go ahead.
There's been thousands of God through the years.
Every culture has invented their own God.
The Aztecs with the Sun God.
Everybody had God.
You know something?
It's all just a bunch of double talk.
That's all.
But if it helps you to hang on to that,
I don't want to deny you that.
But I'm certainly not going to be dying an opinion
to express the right to express it in the opinion.
No, I appreciate that.
I respect your opinion.
And I, like I say, I hear your program
and I am critical of your point of views.
But now there are certain explanations that are logical.
So then there are only two things.
Either evolution or...
Sir, I want to ask you this question.
Okay.
This lady that threw her kid out of the car yesterday.
All right.
Are you listening to me?
Yes, I am, sir.
I thought I'm who's saying is making chemical biological weapons
over in Iraq, right?
Are you listening to me?
Yes, I am.
Okay.
We have El Nino, which is causing flooding
and all these grotesque things happening
and people dying, right?
Right.
Now if God is omnipotent,
how come all of this is going on?
There's awful Satan.
Ah, Satan, where did he come from?
Who invented him?
Who invented him?
What's Arju, sir?
Who invented Satan?
Who created him?
Well, Satan...
Sir, who...
I'm an answer to you.
Who let me answer you?
I'm listening.
God created him a perfect angel.
Yeah.
So here we go again.
He created him as a perfect angel.
Obviously not.
I thought that was...
I thought that was J.T. snow
and then they created him as a giant.
He was a perfect angel.
Well, how do you explain...
See, if something is perfect by definition,
it's just like God.
He's omnipotent and he's perfect.
But he keeps screwing up all the time.
And we have leprosy and we have cancer
and we have bubonic plague.
And we have AIDS.
And we have all of these other diseases.
We got this new disease that we're talking about.
Every time you turn around,
there's another new disease that affects the brain
and eats the brain away.
Every time you turn around, there's another new disease.
And it's Satan.
See, that's a convenient excuse.
That's for morons to say stuff like that.
God is great.
But Satan.
See, if Satan...
If God is omnipotent,
all he's got to do is get rid of Satan.
That's all.
Hey, you're gone.
Like that.
Like he snapped his fingers and he created the universe.
He also snaps his fingers.
Satan is gone.
Let's have peace and tranquility.
You live 300 years of peace.
We don't have all of these problems.
We don't have wars.
Man is perfect.
Doesn't have free choice.
But then there won't be anyone to test us.
Oh, yeah.
We have to be tested.
Like Abraham, go kill your kids.
I was just kidding.
Psych.
Yeah, just testing you.
Just checking out to see what kind of a good you,
you really were Abraham.
And by the way, I won't get any circumcised.
Who you can...
Ischmendrick.
Yeah, Ischmile.
Ischmendrick.
Ischmendrick with circumcised.
Okay?
Ischmile.
All of these...
These bubble mice, he's my god.
It just...
It boggles my mind.
But you know something, I'd only still a lot of time thinking about it,
because I realize, especially,
the one good thing that's happened to me doing this kind of work,
and doing this show every day,
is I realize how weak most people are.
Most people are such sheep.
Like these people we have sitting on hold,
and somebody says something while they're on hold,
and that they can hear,
and then we punch them up on here,
and they repeat it like a goddamn parrot,
like a minor bird.
Because their minds are so weak,
they don't have an original thought in their brain if you could find it.
But thank you for your call, sir.
All these religious notes, they're afraid of saying three little words,
and make it very easy.
And then when you start asking all of these questions,
for which we don't have any answers,
all you have to do is say,
I don't know.
There you go.
And people can't say that.
I never have been able to say that.
So since the beginning recorded time,
everybody says, oh, well, how did we get here?
And then, okay, we don't really know,
but we'll make up an answer.
Instead of just saying,
I don't have any freaking idea.
Let's make up an answer.
Let's make up some fairy tales.
Sounds reasonable to me.
And you know something?
They could have done a better job.
And they could have made up some,
I mean, like the Virgin Mary on the side of a bank building in Pensacola,
where they're going to, I mean, come on.
Well, other cultures did do a better job.
The Virgin Mary on a totina pizza at what's your name's house?
Rosie, uh, uh,
Rosie Riccardo, whatever her name is,
in Hollywood.
Oh, Rosie Lopez.
I forgot all about her.
She's small potatoes.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, you knew.
I just wanted to say I'm really enjoying your show today,
but I had a comment to make.
Okay.
Is it true that a homosexuals aren't supposed to believe in God?
What the hell is that mean?
I'm just asking you.
Is that the reason why you don't believe in God?
No, it has nothing to do with anybody's sexual orientation
or anything like that.
It has to do with not believing in fairy tales.
See, here's the...
You don't consider it a fairy tale.
Here, that's why I said fairy tale.
Here's another example of a caller,
just like the other of the Julio that called before with his name.
Oh, yeah, sure, sure.
Same thing.
Same thing.
I really enjoy your show, but...
And now you want to take a little shot.
Yeah, well, all you're promoting is negativity on the other hand when God promotes...
No, let me ask you this.
Why do you listen to the show then?
Because you took me off.
I usually listen to the show, but you know, this time...
Because it...
Because it was?
But this time, you know, you really...
No, let me ask you this.
Why do you listen to the show?
I'm not even as negativity.
Yeah, you'll okay, then go find something positive.
Go find yourself a good vibrator.
That's real.
And make sure it's on positive.
See, this...
You're not fooling anybody, sweetheart.
You're not fooling anybody for a second.
And if somebody says something that makes sense and challenges all this garbage that's in your brain that you can't get rid of,
then right away you have to...
Oh, it's because you're a faggot.
It's because you're this.
It's because you're bald and old and you're Jewish.
Whatever it is.
And she just can't handle it.
She can't deal with it.
Well, sweetheart, if you want to believe that there are the little green men on Mars and on the moon and on the cockamone,
whatever you want, it's a pre-country, go right ahead and just be a bozo the rest of your life.
Because that's what...
Nothing negative about reality.
Well, it's pretty ugly, but nevertheless, if you can cope with it,
unless you are weakling in which case you need religion.
And obviously you do.
Besides, there are a lot of self-hating religious facts.
Oh, there are a question about that.
That's why the Catholics have that dignity thing so that they can go there and pretend that the church loves them and so on.
Even though the church, of course, the Catholic Church is just low...
There's nothing but fags in the church.
Just read anything you want about the Vatican.
There's no fags in the church.
Like I said, make no mistake about it.
You show me a guy in a dress and I'll show you a faggot.
Or a guy who likes to dress up.
Or both.
Wonder if Johnny Bench likes to dress up.
This is 560 QAM.
Neil God, out, WQAM.
Where the faggot is.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Mr. Rick here.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay.
Listen, I know everybody looks up to you all the other Hawkshow toast.
But I don't get it.
Hawkshow toast?
I don't get it.
You know, don't take this wrong.
But how can you, you know, mix sports with real topics?
You ought to just stick to sports.
Sir, let me say it again.
This is the Neil Rogers Show.
It's not a sports show.
Yeah, but the bodily function jokes.
Who are you feeling to?
Nine-year-old boys?
What's the deal?
Nine-year-old girls, yeah.
What's the deal, then?
In any other words, you're listening, but you don't like the shows.
That would just tell me again, sir.
You're nothing.
Have you ever listened to any of your other...
You're another one of these people who's calling to tell me how to do the show.
But for some reason, which you refuse to explain, you're listening to it.
Why are you...
You're a garbage.
You're a garbage.
Well, good.
Then go play some sports.
Okay?
Go play pocket pool and get out of our face.
Another one.
Another definitive QAM asshole.
But thank you very much for listening to this show.
I sit and I listen to the assholes that call it on the sports shows on this radio station.
And I wonder to myself, what kind of morons are these people?
Or what about the Bobby Schmendrick on the Vikings?
Who cares about Bobby Schmendrick and the Vikings for Christ's sake?
It's the 24th of February.
Who gives a crowd?
And even it was the middle of August to what give a crowd.
So I'm not mixing anything with anything.
Let me say it again.
It's the Neo Rodgers show.
And if you don't like it, go find someplace else to sit your fat ass.
Okay?
Pathetic.
We got all these instant program directors out there.
Why not come over here, pal?
You'll get hired.
Because you know nothing about the business, obviously.
Which is the main qualification for getting hired and programming here.
Here's Boca.
Hello.
Neo, how you doing?
Great.
When you go to the movies, you know, like a movie's what do you do?
You leave.
So for the last car, if you don't like the show.
Yeah.
You need to tell them.
But they don't understand they never do it.
I've got 50 billion people out there who are closet listeners who pretend that they hate
the show.
They hate me.
It's disgusting.
It's juvenile.
It's whatever it is.
And they're listening.
There's a guy that's almost an hour into the show and he still is.
You know, one thing about this professor who commented about Miami.
And you know, Miami is pretty much like you said in armpit.
It's a fact that the Annery Republicans in Toilet is a joke.
You know what I know?
It annoys people.
Neo, you have Channel 6, an report on a student in Iraq that speaks English.
You're studying to be a doctor.
Are you going to start with this again, sir?
Are you going to hack me a China with this bilingual stuff again, sir?
I got people coming on the phone.
Oh, get out of here.
Take a leak.
God.
Can you believe this?
People that start that crap with me.
He's like the other guy.
Because you know, you're not going to be on here more than like two seconds.
Once you start that crap, you paroch your little twerp.
He saw a guy in Iraq, spigging English.
Well, let me tell you something.
You go over to Baghdad and either stay there or try functioning in English and Baghdad.
Okay?
I go to Rome eight million times a year, which is a hell of a lot more civilized and educated
than Baghdad will ever be.
And there are aside from people who came from this country or some very educated people who
work in the service business.
Nobody speak in English over there.
No, what I expect them to.
But what the hell difference does it make you function based on like living in whatever the conditions are around you?
And these people are going to keep banging away and banging away and banging away.
I've said to them, they're living and breathing Hispanics in this town.
All speaking English made me so better than this guy does.
And he wants to waste his time with these or far sitting in Domino Park who refused to speak English.
I have no room in my life for those people.
Those are the very same people that are threatening everybody and this professor from FIU.
Because he expressed the opinion that they don't like because they don't understand what freedom of speech is all about.
They've been here for 40 years almost now.
And they still don't understand anything about this government and they never will until they croak.
And they're very embarrassing for the rest of us.
Well, there you go.
But this guy wants call Sandy Payton, okay, sir.
Maybe you can find her skinny ass somewhere on her radio dial.
Call her up and she'll talk about it for next 55 hours.
Non stop.
It's boring.
He's he's he's worse than the guys that call the sports shows.
And believe me, they're terminal 90% of those colors.
I wouldn't give you a nickel floor.
They're pathetic.
I mean, you talk about narrow casting.
They're talking about stuff that appeals to such a minuscule number of people who cares about that crap.
About some 15 year old kid that's playing high school volleyball in peorian Illinois somewhere who's got a really big left foot or whatever the hell he's got.
God, here's Miami Springs.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, Neil. Good morning.
I don't I don't always agree with everything you say, but you know, many times.
Well, because each one of us are different.
That's right. Very good. Excellent.
And I don't expect a bunch of lemmings out there.
No, exactly.
Respective nature. Really thoughtful of people.
Yeah, well, yeah, I'm glad.
You know, you you've cut my chain of thought, but it's fine.
That's the up.
Yeah, as far as the fishwoods concerned, all we have to remember is bokeh burgers.
Right.
Same thing happened.
Yeah, they were all bites.
Well, Dr. Atkins died.
Yeah, exactly.
What's things that you believe in?
And I think that's a car, baby.
That's what they show is all about.
It's got the power not just sitting here in flap in my gums for four hours,
but actually being able to motivate people having some credibility.
That's what they show is all about.
Anybody can sit here and read ball scores for four hours.
Yeah, but changing the gears a bit, because what spurred me to call is when I switched it on,
and I heard you talking about the professor.
Actually, he's very, he's what we have to admire.
You know, someone who's concerned more about the substance.
The style comes afterwards, but we have a group of people who are more interested in appearances.
And all they care about is appearances, and that's what's important.
And it's not.
What's important is, is doing the right thing.
And then that by itself, you're going to have the, you're going to have the appearances come back later.
It's there's no purpose to have a bunch of crook here in Miami-Dade.
The fact that these old Cubans down there in Miami are defending Xavier Suarez,
and what goes on politically in the city of Miami, is so incomprehensible,
it shows you how intractable and hopeless they are.
And that's why we should just forget about them, and just sit them all in Domino Park,
and let them just eat their, drink their cafe, Kubanoa,
until they're, their intestines rot, and just get them out of here already.
Well, most of them are dying off, and then we're trying to see the new generation.
Right.
And in regards to, you know, because you have people talking about bilingualism.
But really, I hate to sound feel good, but when makes this country great,
and why this country could take a leadership role around the world,
is essentially, you name the group, and there's a significant group of those people here that live here.
You know, it doesn't matter whether it's from Pakistan or from Cuba,
or from Iran, or from Iraq, they could be from anywhere, and you will find that nationality melting in here.
And that's what makes this country what it is. A lot of people.
Well, a mess, yes, but also have a little bit of the moral responsibility to be able to intervene,
and say, well, you know, we understand.
You know, in the long run, I think it's a lot better that way than to try to consider this country something homogeneous.
Well, let's, this guy wants everybody to be just like him.
No, no, in diversity, there's strength.
Okay, all right. Well said, have a great day, pal, even though it's not working here, but we're trying it.
Works in other places, like I was talking on the table about Toronto yesterday heard that,
where they have tremendous diversity, and people get along, and nobody's talking to China about bilingualism,
then you go over to Montreal and Quebec.
There's another example of what happens when they start with this bilingual crap.
Two cities, not that far apart, same country.
One of them works magnificently well.
Great city, other one, a zoo, a circus.
People are fleeing from there because of the frogs.
This story of that they, I got two fags on this from Bartos, which I thought was mildly amusing,
but now that I read into it, this guy named Johnny Larmor, he said beside US 98 holding a speed trap ahead sign,
passing motorists, talked their thanks, smiled and waved, but the deputies were not pleased.
The deputies, those working at what police call a traffic speed enforcement area gave them a parking ticket handcuffed
and took him to a mental health crisis center and confiscated a sign.
A cheap homemade sign, the deputies said it was evidence.
Polk Sheriff's Colonel, Grady Judd, agreed with Larmor and said, Larmor 48 is welcome to a sign back.
Hindsight is perfect, said the Colonel, but what we should have done is pull up stakes and move on down the road.
Mr. Larmor was doing our job for us, which was to slow down people to the speed limit.
See, that's where the whole thing comes in.
Are you really there to get people to slow down?
Are you just there to write tickets? That's the real question.
Now does anybody believe that these speed traps are set up to slow us down to make us be good, obedient, right?
They're there to write tickets is what they are.
And so they were forced to unhand cuff them and unreleased his sign and sent him on his Murrayway.
After they handled this poor guy, who was just because it was a road out in the middle of nowhere.
And he thought it was like pretty ridiculous that they were sent up a speed trap out in the middle of nowhere,
like on how you this road with a speed limit is like two miles an hour.
And I'm going to say it again, you people out there that are too stupid to realize when the porkers are out there in heat.
And there are speed traps every five yards.
If you don't want to slow down and just go around that WL line and get yourself a double ticket for speeding and for going on the other side of a WL line,
hey, this road you idiots you.
I'll never forget as long as I live that Jack has on Friday and his little girl in the back seat pulls around me, passes me on the wrong side of the WL line.
And she turns around and gives me a look that would kill ugly little bitch because I'm not going fast enough to suit their fancy in my beautiful Corvette.
Well, too damn bad. Okay. I hope you want to get an 8,000 speeding tickets. You Jack asked.
Probably was a kidnapping. Here's point and beach. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir.
Hey, dude. I'm trying to call you for quite some time.
I just need to educate your audience a little bit. I'm a police officer up here in Palm Beach County.
And you guys got it wrong. There's no quotas. Traffic is very, very, very small percentage of what we do on a daily basis.
Yeah.
And the reason why we target certain streets is because we have a lot of old people and influential people that run the city.
They want us there to slow people down. But you're right. A lot of times when people hide, I disagree with that theory as far as traffic control.
If you want to slow people down, you should right out the middle of the road with the light on.
But the people I'm talking about, like in Plantation, they really don't want to slow people down. They just want to write business.
Well, if they wanted to slow people down, they'd be sitting out there and high-atiss 24 hours a day.
And these people that are tailgating and trying to force you to go like 20 miles over the speed limit.
Those would be the people getting the tickets and they're getting on my nerves.
Well, they do. But the city's got a very small percentage of the revenue if we take it well.
Yeah. You know, you hear these people talking about it.
Then how come all the people that are driving all the bad vehicles out there with the ball tires and no brakes?
How come those people really get stopped? How about the old people that drive in 20 miles under the speed limit and the left handling?
How come somebody doesn't pull them over? I've never heard of this.
I've never seen anybody that was driving slow and irresponsibly get pulled over. Never.
That is a statute, actually.
Well, yeah, of course it is. Well, why aren't they aren't they getting pulled over?
I can't speak for all the other officers. But I mean, speeding is the rare thing that I stop people from.
I'd rather stop someone for a spy registration or a bad vehicle, whatever you want to say.
Right. But still, traffic is a very small percentage of what we do.
And very large majority officers get out and they really bust the rest and make the city safe and so on and so forth.
People rarely respect our depression anymore and I thought I'd call and give you another time.
Well, because most of the cops we hear are from like that arrogant Jack Asda called me, which you go Friday,
that was given the lecture and given everybody else a lecture and it just was obnoxious.
That's all. Tell us that we want to make up the laws as we go along.
Well, I can't speak for everybody, but I just speak for myself.
Well, thank God for you, sir. Have a great day.
There's a real cop with a real reasonable attitude.
And like I've said before, there may be 20, 30% of the cops that got that added to them.
Then there's about 30 or 40% in between. We're going to kind of jaded because police worked in turn out to be what they thought it was going to be.
And then there's 20 or 30% on the other end who are just a bunch of assholes who are just out there to hassle the public.
Your hair is too long. You're too young. We don't like the way you look.
Whatever the hell it is, you're too dark. You're too light. So to speak.
Never before is a cellular carrier offered you what I'm about to tell you right now.
Take their possessions away. And then you burn it down.
You can get somebody to believe anything you hate. If I will say it's true.
No matter what you do, you can be ill-wrapped. The Lord will always forgive you.
You think up the poison in your snake. Wave it all around. Find the fortune's limit.
And you to Dr. Down. Everybody, clean up all the things.
Okay? Come on, you just need public.
We said, grab that as your kid. You're too the right to be down.
You're all the kids running. And that's the later out.
I don't want you to get sick. You make a sacrifice. You got the hinders and bounds.
We got this grotesque story which this newspaper, this I'm going to, I think I may have to get the herald again.
This son sent, well, seriously, I'm looking forward because they headed on the CDS evening news last night.
In fact, Dan Rather had a really sour push and they showed Al Presidente on there who said very briefly, outrageous.
He said there is no excuse for this. And they showed him saying that. That's all he said. And of course, in his case, lately, the less said the better anyway.
But at any rate, the story being US students lag in math and science. American high school seniors scored below students from most other countries in an international test of math and science,
according to test release, a really a results released on Tuesday. And this doesn't include Asia, by the way.
Now, Asians, as you know, like Japs and other groups to the Chinks, they're always like way up there on top, but they were not part of the survey.
In spite of that, we came in 19th out of 21. The only countries we beat out were Cyprus and South Africa. How do you like that?
Even those, now listen to this, even those Americans who took tough physics and advanced math courses performed worse than most students taking equally rigorous courses elsewhere.
According to the Turnt International Mathematics and Science study, although students from 21 countries took the test of general math and science, now it's toward the end of 1994 or 4 or 95 school year.
American scored below the international average 19th out of 21. And I wish I had the entire list of all it was like all the European countries in Canada and like generally any place you can think of, except Cyprus and South Africa.
Oh my God. But I guarantee every one of those students could tell you who Michael Jordan is and Mike Tyson. This ties him with what I was saying yesterday.
There's nothing wrong with knowing who those people are, but it's a disproportionate set of values in this country. And that is that being intelligent, being anything other than just stupid and just going along with a crowd and being a moron, that's what it's all about in America.
That's exactly and the positively what American society is all about. Just like there are people stupid enough to believe that this asshole from the UN is telling us I saw the clip. I didn't see the one you're talking about that got you infuriated by I saw the one last night again this morning where he says we can do business with Saddam Hussein.
That's like, it sounds like Neville Chamberlain all over again to me. We can do business with Adolf. He makes great the meat seasoning to make your meat real tender. That's what it sounds like to me. And in Newsweek, I just got the newsweek yesterday and it shows the all of the missiles. You know, because obviously his blood sugar is like 800 at this point out of control.
I did go to public last night since that guy was nice enough to call in yesterday and did get a pint of fish food and very surreptitiously sneak in and out got about four or five items was out of there without being identified sneak back into the house put my fish food open. You see open a little bit so it doesn't burst in your microwave. Of course, a little air out like just to like that. Just a little crack.
And then you pop that baby in a microwave for 35 37 seconds and then by the time you got you know ready to sit down, you got your soda there to wash it down. You come back and it's all ready to go and it's tempered to a nice soft consistency.
And you stick your spoon in there and the first spoonful of course is going to have not only that real thick chocolate marshmallow real real super rich stuff in it, but it's also guaranteed going to have some of those little tiny super dark chunks of chocolate in the shapes of little fish.
So you can have a great smile on your person become born again at the same time as your popping that in your post speaking of board again by the way did bring in my Charles temple and book for well to God, which evidently we must have somebody listening out there this time.
Because evidently we got a lot more response on that just for my talking about it on the tape from all the old I would be tape on Monday that we did back when I was talking about it live.
Everybody that brother wants this guy damn book and unfortunately it's a Canadian book and I'll give the number I'll put that I don't know if you're going to have any success because it may actually be banned in this country because it's so honest there's nothing all that controversial about it.
Of the fact that he says religions about your crap and he used to be a minister and used to be Billy Graham's best friend and talks about what a foamy he is which we all know.
But I do have a thing I'm going to read from there a little while because I figured in fact maybe I'll just read the whole book on here.
I'll just do it like not like Mark Scheinbaum. I'll just do it a few sentences at a time and suppose to put everybody into a coma in my usual sneaky way of getting that stuff out.
Here's my me lake. Hello. Yeah, no, my friend. Yes, sir. Yeah, I've had all along. I'm sorry to say it's not like the spot.
The real downfall of the society has to fall on all of the high needs of controlling the media.
Oh, the high needs are controlling the media. Great. Okay. Thank you very much. Louis do a Louis Ferrican do an voice.
The high needs are controlling the media. How do you like that? I didn't know the media was in charge of our education. Of course the media brainwashing the public. That's right.
They're maybe brainwashing them. The name of the book is farewell to God. The author is Charles temple and unfortunately it's published by M and S publishing because this guy is a Canadian a by McClellan and Stewart in Toronto.
And it's not available in the US, which is a very I don't understand why that is. Why the hell should this book not be available in the US?
Damn it. But I will give you the number to call. It's an expensive book. It's 30 bucks. It's a hardcover book. It's well worth it because it's probably the most best investment anybody will make if they want to immediately.
If not sooner have all the arguments that they're looking for. Really we shouldn't have to argue because if you tell me there's a God, it's not incumbent about me to prove that there isn't.
That's always the logic and reverse that the religious use. Oh, there's a little there's a little green monster on the ceiling there. Oh, yeah. Well prove that there isn't. Well, I don't see it. Well, yeah, but how do you explain?
Yeah, right. So anyway, on the chapter called the God myth and this is very brief, but it's a you know, I'll just pick little passages from this. It's very well worth hearing and Charles temple. Let me give the phone number first. It's area code 905 713 3852.
And you have to talk to the order department. There's a book number, but it's just too many numbers 905 713 3852 order department that
name of the book is farewell to God and the author is Charles temple them who says Christians are a small minority in the world, approximately four of every five people on the face of the earth believe in God other than the Christian God.
The more than five billion people live on the earth, we hear a worship more than 300. God. If one includes the animist or travel religions, the number rises to more than 3000.
Are we to believe that only Christians are right? Christians need to remember that their beliefs came to them from the Jews. They inherited the concept of God from Israel and expanded to include the worship of Jesus of man as God, a practice most Jews, regardless.
Blast for me in New Testament times the Jews were a relatively small group of Semitic people living mostly in a forbidding land at the eastern end of the Mediterranean. It was their belief that their God was the only true God and that the God's worship by their neighbors were all false.
Christians having superimposed on Judaism, the Christian faith had the temerity to insist that there is only one God there is and that the God of every other people on earth are spurious.
The Apostle Paul stated bluntly in a letter he wrote to the Christian community at a thesis. There is no other name under heaven given among men by which you may be saved for there is salvation in no other such insufferable presumption and consider the implications.
Paul is asserting that anyone in the world who does not worship his God is damned forever but let comments as rule for a moment. It is reasonable to believe that if the creator of all earth and the father of all mankind wanted to reveal himself and his will to the men and women of the world, he would do so only to a tiny group of Mediterranean people leaving the remainder of the world in ignorance.
But many Christians do believe in this. They believe that apart from their God, all men and women of impagant darkness, indeed it is this conviction that provides the motivation for Christians and their efforts to get the gospel message out.
Even more incredibly, Christians believe that the failure to accept Jesus Christ the Savior in order to be consigned to death at an endless hell. The implication of this belief is clear.
It is that the vast majority of the men, women and children who have lived on earth are in hell suffering endless torment and will remain in this condition forever.
To believe this is to make the Christian God a monster beyond imagining any intelligent human being will recognize that the concept is incredible.
Yet it is the clear teaching of the New Testament and a quote from that chapter by. And of course this guy was a Christian minister for 19 years in Toronto, a good buddy of Billy Graham who says his full of crap and finally came to his own conclusions and left the church and has got a brain now.
And thanks for himself and has written a fantastic book and he bunks very simply and very directly and very easily and very accurately all of this garbage, all this kaka with the gods with their that Jews with their God and the William with their Godness one in the muzzle.
It's all a bunch of baloney and of course in this country where we got all these religious fanatics running around trying to stick superstition and gobbledy look into the school system.
If we had as many people running around trying to teach you learning something in the school system, we would have people in the IQ bigger than their fingernail who would not be accident.
No questions. Let's go to a mobile in Kendall. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing? I'm weak. I'm weak. My voice is weak like I'm like, I can tell you need to do something about that cold.
Now cold is going away. It's just this audience. I'm weak and more now. I'm burned out from assholes. I've been listening to you for a while and I haven't heard you kiss nobody's ass. Yeah, I don't. I'm not an ass kisser. Yeah. Look, if I had a player on here and he's playing great.
I would say you're doing a great job. Okay, but I'm not going to kiss somebody's ass just because they're on a certain team. What's the point? I do you. But not only that we got so many other ass kissers in this town. What the hell do I need to kiss ass for?
You're right. You know, I think I am a hockey fan. I play the sport every week practically. Yeah. And and regardless, they're not doing good. Oh, well, there's no money. But what is wrong with these people in this town? What has happened to this to the audience?
What has happened to the people who are supposedly support this team? They have they have locked you on out. They have nothing to say. I'm going to tell you something after today. I will never mention the H word on this show again. Ever.
You got a lot of people that love the H word. Well, that's not the same word. Have a great day, pal. All these hockey calls on playing this Mike Lang stuff and Bob Cole and Bill, he would have what's one of my waste in my time for here?
And I think there are people. And then of course, then the rib man, you know, people who have done shows yet. People, the only calls we used to get off the earth would get 10 million calls screaming and yelling complaining. Get this crap off the air. And the only calls we never get are people wanted freebies.
They start that's right that those shows were an abortion because the only thing people wanted. We used to give away free tickets, Panther T shirts. It's just like the assholes in the stands when they're throwing those T shirts up. It's not only the little kids that get hyperventilating even the adult is the arena. Hey, I want it. They're like killing each other for a stupid guy. Then T shirt.
That's the epitome of the excitement in the arena. Please don't tell me it's because the players are sticking to them. It's a lot of those guys are trying. They may not be all that good, but a lot of those guys at least are going out there and give it a shot.
And compared to the first two years, which believe me, I remember that like it was yesterday on our most Colatostays were great compared to that Roger Nielsen garbage they were playing.
Roger who while the old coach. Oh my God. I'm serious. I'm doing a show in Sanskrit. I'm in the middle of Siberia and I'm doing a goddamn show in Sanskrit. These people are like Greek. They're Greek.
Right. That's it. And like I said, after they never they the hockey were there. You'll never hear another breath about it. Those people had tune in to hear about that on the show. Find a new home. Baby, you won't find anybody else in this town talking about it. And for good reason too, because even if they knew something about it, they'd be spinning their wheels. They'd be wasting their time.
I'm friends. I believe this country had some poor, strong leadership for that. I need your chicks and my daughter.
Friends, I can assure you I know what's best for you. Good man, all Christian. Trying to run our bodies with that baldness there's about the right thing.
I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say
that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to
say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I want make sure that I give you exact
We got the Marlins and the devil rays. Oh my God the devil rays. Remember all those Yahoo's in Tampa when they first the big.
So and there's another example of how sanity prevailed something as as marginal as baseball as a game.
And these Yahoo's over there were having a nervous breakdown about the name they were going to boycott the team and they were going to force them to change the name and guess what they didn't force them to change the name and there's still a guy named Tampa devil rays.
And because they're an expansion team maybe they'll be a team that maybe the Marlins can compete with who knows.
But there you go another example of narrow minded people are you can't say that well guess what they did it's right on the uniforms the devil rays the devil made him do it just like this.
Baptist leader who said the devil made him do it the Reverend Henry Lions and battle leader of organizations largest religious groups which charged Wednesday with transgressions generally associated with mobsters rather than clergymen.
Racketeering and Grand theft state prosecutors charged Lions 55 of a St. Petersburg all the devil did make him do it with engaging in a systematic scheme to steal at least $330,000 from several organizations and corporations including the anti defamation league a Jewish group.
Oh I shouldn't be talking about that this guy's black sorry see unless it's that racist thing and becoming out again put it back in okay I'll put it back in.
Yeah, just like when I was talking about the soccer game time up all the traffic there were some assholes calling that's a racial thing.
Mon if it was about I wouldn't give a crap where they were from okay take your soccer and blow it out your ass.
If it was all the Dutch team on their time up the highway that unless of course they were handing out free weed because they got much better weed than the Jamaican.
Yeah, oh yeah they do.
Here's a pay phone in for Lauderdale hello.
Hi Neil.
Yes sir.
I'm up in Broward and I got the other red and just to go along with somebody education thing.
One of their main headline today how to do about that they have an equivalency test if you can't pass questions in school.
And they graded them wrong so 67 or so peak pupils who didn't pass got notified that they'll pass and they don't want to hurt these kids feelings.
Right.
So they pass.
That's right.
They they can't pass equivalency test.
Social promotion baby that's what that's what it be all about we don't want to hurt nobody's feelings.
They don't want people in school when they're 45 years old.
Right.
With so much people who graded in the test.
They did.
They probably failed it too man.
They did just you know another line of succession thanks for the good news sir.
The dumbing of America like I told you and here we got a bunch of bright kids who are like honor students many of them.
And oh yeah let's have them arrested because we don't like this pamphlet they wrote that was probably very you know was bizarre and off the while I still haven't seen it.
Robert's time back sought and like he said he was ready to write a skating hospital column attacking those kids and how grotesque this stuff was irresponsible and he saw it and he said hey some of it was pretty amusing.
And what's the big simmiss here and cut the crap and don't be putting no kids in jail.
They got guns if they're up you know doing an aberrant stuff then put their ass in jail.
They're disrupting the goddamn class then kick them out of school and to spend them and expel them.
But I don't know as long as they don't say anything we don't like then we'll just keep passing them right along there and give me diploma.
See it and like I said we're going to all this racial talk here today and now that I look at this thing and of course this is my initial instinct anyway it's not a racial issue.
I mean there's a lot of racial tensions of killing high and they've had a lot of problems over the last several years with race at killing high but that's not what this is all about.
And that's what people are turning it into including assholes like our title bomb at the ADL this man I'm going to tell you our title bomb to me.
Is just beyond description this town is got about a handful of people and every time some issue comes up they either go to Bob Coons or our title bomb or some of these same old tired hacks that have been hanging around this town making a lifelong career of being Ojan provocatour
and that's basically all they are.
Oh yes this is very provocative and it's way beyond the line and we better investigate investigate what what the hell is there to investigate.
The revenge of the nerds I mean in a bunch of cartoons in here you know there seem to be a billion shoe stores in this town but there's one that's way above the rest and that's brandy shoes and pomp and obi.
Oh
I found that I can get it back up
That is nothing more than oil juice cut.
Yes.
Oh, I know.
Yeah.
Number is my head.
That's enough.
But it's way too much.
I have to say that they're not satisfied with this one because it's been an hour to kick in the Viagra pill.
Didn't you see the story on that?
So now that and this is a true story people are going to say I'm making this up they're getting together they group of doctors and Pfizer and whoever else.
And they're going to have a wafer.
For instant within just a matter of minutes what you do is seriously I'm not making this up you put the wafer in your mouth you suck on it for just a short time and it gets bigger and you have to go to your place for that.
I didn't say that kind of a wafer and I didn't say who is going to be sucking on what okay I said you suck on it for a little while that gets bigger and then getting back to the Viagra.
Okay here's the fact that says Peter Bolger is the number one first class flaming asshole.
Well we knew that.
And a liar and a bullcrap artist and a no nothing and a corporate ass sucker and a real piece of turd.
That's right we don't want the Lawrence Wilkeshire one estate ads right you and Harry penis and Walter say well have a great time with those old jingles and John Ford too by the way through him in there through him in the mix.
Here's Coral Gables hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
How you doing?
Great.
Maybe if you want to hear an update on the Vatican incident.
Yes.
Okay actually this could be just go down as the Roman version of the O.J. Simpson incident.
They went down at the Vatican?
Yeah.
There's no fact in the church.
Yeah.
This guy that was murdered was the at the officer from Switzerland and he became he was assigned a day before the highest officer for the Vatican Army.
Yeah.
And that was the first time that the non-Hitalian was going to be.
Yeah.
It became the highest ranking officer but the weird thing about this whole situation was his wife.
Well, happened to be from Ben as well also was killed and there was a young officer maybe 2223 also found in the in the melee.
So in actual you there were three people killed.
So how about that killed by whom?
They don't know yet.
Yes sir.
Oh.
Okay well he's gone.
Why don't you tell us who was the newly appointed the dog done a captain in the chip both El Henarell of the Swiss guard the newly appointed one the one that tried to save the Pope when the last attempt on his mate was newly appointed one of the other.
Well, that's on CNN right now.
They're showing the Pope and they're showing this window and there's a lot of that there's Lee Harvey Oswald.
Oh no it's Jack Ruby.
Yeah.
And one of the other Swiss guards been apparently had a problem with zero rate.
Oh, there's Rome.
I know where that is right there.
It's right by the Spanish steps.
There's a Roma.
That wasn't a Vatican.
That was right by the Spanish steps.
That's it.
Anyway, go ahead and there's El Vaticano killed the newly appointed captain and his wife.
Yeah.
And shot himself for what?
I guess he didn't like the guy or maybe God told us.
So why don't we hear about this?
We got my story here with these ratings coming off.
This is the big and you're talking about some Swiss guards over there in a guy.
Well, I don't care about it.
You'll find a conno and a bunch of a crazy goi in over there in a Vatican like that's a new story.
Is that something new crazy goi in the Vatican?
Oh come on.
Will you fudge back and start looking?
Oh, I'm not sure.
Oh, I'm not sure.
Oh, I'm not sure.
People are watching women.
I said, ran their green shoes and you know what I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I ain't looking.
Just a little too much.
That's all a little too slow.
Here's not what it's just a little too long.
But while they're rolling, I will be mowing all the end.
Here's got a really big trowel trowel.
Look all the cream if you let it out.
Here's got a really big trowel trowel.
I'm fishing for the world.
Oh, right.
I'm pretty seen the most disturbing information in history of my life.
I may have to go my home.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm going to go to the beach.
I'm speechless.
Sam, our promotion man was just in here.
Let me take a look at the picture of Enrique and the magazine.
He was telling me the story about what I was on one of my many trips during the seven months that I was doing the limbo rock between stations.
Enrique's concert was coming up at the Miami Arena, which I was also a lot of time the weekend that it took place.
The first time that they called the house my mother was at the house dog sitting.
Enrique was a secretary.
Enrique called the house offering tickets for the concert.
Enrique was on the speaker phone and his secretary made it in place to call.
Enrique was sitting there listening.
My mother answered the phone.
I am so psychotic at this point in my life.
I don't think I can continue.
I don't think I can continue.
I would like to be him.
You would like to be him.
You would like to be him.
I would like to be him.
Enrique is a fruit cake.
He is a real Latin man.
I would like to be him.
I would like to be him.
I would like to be him.
I would like to be him.
I would like to be him.
I would like to be him.
I would like to be him.
I would like to be him.
I would like to be him.
I would like to be him.
I would like to be him.
I would like to be him.
I would like to be him.
I would like to be him.
I would like to be him.
I would like to be him.
I would like to be him.
I would like to be him.
I would like to be him.
I would like to be him.
I would like to be him.
I would like to be him.
I would like to be him.
I would like to be him.
I would like to be him.
I would like to be him.
I would like to be him.
I would like to be him.
I would like to be him.
I would like to be him.
I would like to be him.
I would like to be him.
I would like to be him.
I would like to be him.
I would like to be him.
It's an asshole celebration and they're all out on the streets
See them on the sidewalk over here, let's shuffle their feet
20,000 assholes to an asshole's promenade
Step aside, kill their people there to asshole's parade
We got the asshole freedom, the asshole's mine
The asshole for Jesus, the asshole for guns
The asshole for justice, the asshole for crime
The asshole for asshole, the asshole for all guns
The asshole for the fucking hell
The asshole for making money, for making all the rules
Making all our jobs, and then I got to go
The asshole's on the water, the asshole's the sky
And then I got to sell a pile of wanted, and they have so many people flying
So, see if you want to tell me how I really made the phrase
My head's my class, or am I just another asshole on the streets
The asshole's kissy orders, and asshole's broke both
The asshole's get elected, because the asshole's kissy's broke
I want to say it's good, that all the asshole's never died
They just made it big, and it's mostly life
The asshole's in the water, the asshole's in the night
The asshole's got a damn asshole, because the phrase
That's 20,000 asshole, the asshole for the nation
The fuck's that good, and he's gonna let the asshole's on the rails
I thought that was Spaniard, you wanted to get rid of Franco?
Well, only for people who travel
Oh, okay
I would like to talk to you today about why this is such a pure, tanical country
Yes, sir
Take all the time you want
Oh, thank you
We are with very few people know or think about
We are the only Protestant sectarian country in the world
And the Protestant sects in the city
Different sects in the church
Yeah, the Protestant sects in this country are the Baptist
The Protestant sects?
That's an anti-moron
Oh, sects
Yeah, sects?
Yeah
They differ from the church religions of Europe
The church religions of Europe are usually state-related
They're hierarchical
You're supposed to obey the bishop or the priest or whatever you're supposed to obey the bithel
By the O2, God
Right
But these religions in Europe believe an original sin that people in institutions are inherently inferior
And they shouldn't get bent out of shape when they do something wrong because that's just the way they are
Now the Protestant sects in this country are congregational, they're not hierarchical
Yeah, the hierarchical
Okay
The priest is an employee of the church
You're supposed to read the Bible and make up your own mind about it
And whatever you make up your mind out to be, you're morally obligated to carry it out
But probably the most important thing here is
They don't know what you're going to do
Like a French guy that likes little kids, is that a Franco-Petophile?
Go ahead, I'm sorry
They don't believe in me
I'm just trying to spice up what is a, you know, I am the, you know, good intentions
But it's common to say, you know what I'm saying?
It's a common to say, yeah
Yeah
So what is the point of all of this though?
I mean, it's obviously you're preaching the choir here, what's the point?
Well, they believe in a perfect ability, the people religious people here believe in perfect ability that you must not send
Yeah
At all
Yeah
And this manifests itself in all kinds of ways in our society
Well thank God we got a president who's straightening them all out, thank you
What the hell was he talking about?
Man, he was from Lake Worth, well that explains it
He was talking about higher-archical crass
But he was right, Franco-Folvia
I like that, Franco-Folvia
That's like Franco-American spaghetti
Here's Kendall, hello
Neil, yes sir
How you doing? Great
I'm a 22 year old male
And I'm a little disappointed in the younger females in this town
Not being one of the main groups listening to your show
So to get some of these girls back
I want to sing a quick excerpt from the Titanic song in Spanish
Okay
Okay, got a no-j and me swan yours
Thank you
I'm getting a little flimmer
Oh, here we go
Where's the number is that?
I love that, good idea
Which show one is that on?
You're the one I'm talking about?
Yeah, you don't like that one?
Yes, great
I love it
It's called Sit and So Long
Sit and I said
Sit and So Long is the one you're going to...
Mmm, real man, that a cruise ship
I never got lucky and a cruise ship
I'm the only person who never got lucky and a cruise ship
Every night at the side of the tracks
I watch it
I sing it for
I sing that song for 29 times
I inhale to trouble the popcorn
Raisin as fangovers
The movie's so long I got to where it depends
That stands back up, I can't stand it
The first time I saw it
I'm nervous
Then you're my stretch pants
It's a good thing
The thing was so unnerving
I've been sitting so long
I've got hand-wrapped the sides of the two-wall ones
I can't wait for the duristers cut to come out
I can't wait for the movie to end
So I can watch it again
And again
And again
And again
And again
I got one from a double figure
My flutter has worked out
My total pearl that was next to the empty food can
Nothing is of the count of the day
So my heart will go on
And I will go on
I can't believe it's not the bottom
I can't believe it's not the bottom
I can't stand it
I have a feeling I'm going to be dipping into some fish food
What?
What are you going like that for?
Good time
Yeah, well sir are you Mr. Hatcha?
Not as quick
Oh, I got to tell you a great story about that
1973 I'm working at WSPD in Sarasota
And my landlord was this kind of like I would say
45 to 50ish kind of a nerdy guy
He was okay
And he was just a little on the eccentric side
And he kept every time I get into any kind of conversation
I'd run into him
He would start cocking me a china
And I'm not worried about dying
Because they're coming up with all these great cures for everything
And by the time I'm in my 70s, they'll have people who live forever
Guess what?
He's dead
He's dead!
Alright!
Pull the hell out of you, Mr.
You're dead! See ya!
Maybe he'll get back
That's right, when they dig his ass up
I'll probably be living back there in Sarasota
And hey, how you doing doc?
Here's for a lot of Dale
Hello
Hello
Yes sir
Neil
Me and the guys at work were hoping you could elaborate on something first
Yes sir
Glory holds
Yeah
Is it
Well, now, oh come on, you're asking me like you guys don't know what glory holds are?
But you have a glory hold!
You throw it out so fast that we don't know the proper, what it pertains to is it
Pulls in the star walls or is it something but...
Of course
Or is it holes in your what?
Is it someone's butthole?
Well, that could be a part of it
That would be inside the glory hole
But both of them could be pertained as one such
A glory hole?
I mean a hole is a hole is a hole
And you gotta see the whole thing, you know what I'm talking about?
A whole picture
Right, the whole picture, you gotta get your pneumatic drill and you gotta drill a hole in that
Mahogany and that hard wood and that cement, whatever is in there, it's cement with the teeth
And that's a glory hole
Alright, so it doesn't matter what you're looking at on the other side, right?
Right
It could be somebody sitting or something
Or something that rhymes with sitting, right?
That's right
Alright Neil, I'm glad we cleared that up
Okay, I hope you find a good one
Alright
See ya
Like they don't know what a glory hole is, right?
We know what you're doing in your spare time
You're looking for the glory hole
Right
And like I said, they do glory holes in ladies' restrooms
Something to think about
Wonder if anybody ever got a tongue caught in a glory hole, huh?
Well, do you remember Ellie Brecker brought in that tongue in a package that day?
Maybe they were just trying to pass some lunch
Maybe that's what those guys are trying to do too, huh?
Oh god, now he's gonna come up with these tube-stakes jokes when you just cut the crap
Stop it
Stop it right now, please
Okay
Here's a mobile in Hialeah, hello?
Hello, Neil?
Yes, sir
How you doing, Neil?
I'm doing great
Listen, I'm 30 years old, Holyo, on sync-size
Uncircum-size
Yes, sir
Okay
Can I talk about NFSikes?
Yes
Am I see?
Okay, I had a girlfriend, Cuban
And she tried one, she loved it
But once she tried, I like, I put her and her finger up to my, you know, with spurs
That's what you call it
And I didn't like it at all
Can we be a woman from Dominican Republic, Puerto Ricans, Cuban especially, going to that?
South Africa and not my Central American definitely, it's a taboo
But Cuban Puerto Ricans, Dominican, they love it, they have the big butt for something
They use it
All right
All right
Thanks for the good news
Congratulations on the big numbers
Thank you so much
And thank you for your congratulations on your big numbers too
Hey, you know it
All right
I pull out the umpah
Yeah
See, all you people are wondered why Cuban women have those big fat round asses now you understand
Round and firm and fully packed
Underlined, of course, the fully packed part
I mean, are you going to go back into this again?
Were you fudge-packing?
No way
Not this girl
Oh, man
How do we get started on that?
That one poor innocent guy
Oh, don't a smell awful, dirty down there
Oh, yeah
I don't know, you tell me
All you heterosexual macho guys
You tell me what it smells down down by the old rectum
Rectum
Tell me
I don't wait for 10 years
Yeah, I believe you
Lylox
Oh, man, it must be it's like the middle of almost the middle of May
I bet you the lylox and the tulips are really blooming like up in Rochester now
At Cobb's Hill in Durantysman Park
Oh, yeah
Just like a beautiful woman
Rectum
So anyway, this story about father rugs
We better get into this tomorrow and have a lot of time on it, father James Porter
One good thing, thank God about this
He didn't discriminate
He liked little girls and little boys
He liked, you know what I'm saying?
He spread it around
There's no fact in the church
Thank God for father Porter
He didn't discriminate
We don't like no priest who discriminates
And it says he had a manic obsession for sex with young children for the three years that he was there
No child was safe
It seemed that he was everywhere
In his office he forced his fingers between the legs of eight-year-old girls
In the classrooms he handed out slaubring birthday kisses
Pushing his tongue into the mouths of ten-year-old boys
As the non-enchargerverted her eyes
In other words, look the other way
While somebody in the background whispered
There's no fact in the church
Huh
Here's a lady in Miami
Hello
Hello
Yes, ma'am
Hi, I'm calling because my boyfriend says that you have a tape of OJ explaining about the murders
Yeah
I was just wondering if you would play that for me
Yes, I can
Thank you
And have a great day
Mike, can I ask you a question while I'm looking for it?
Sure
Do you, I don't want to get too personal
Do you enjoy anal sex?
No, I don't
Okay, thank you
You're welcome
Ok, ma'am I've played it for you now
Hi!
You know what's important
You know what!
You don't like it when you have a food
And when you have fruit
And after you make an album
By yourself, you get a different roll
So Ienden called me
''
You know what they were called?
Blood prise?
Blood usable?
See what I'm afraid here?
Yeah but you know what their personalities
Youra, like ABC something like this
BraIL
One of them
You know, son, don't know.
So I'm gonna ask you, what am I gonna ask you?
You know what?
And I didn't know what was gonna happen.
You know what?
You know what?
You know what I'm gonna ask you?
You know what I'm gonna ask you?
You know what I'm gonna ask you?
You know what?
You know what?
You know what I'm gonna ask you?
You know what I'm gonna ask you?
You know what I'm gonna ask you?
You know what I'm gonna ask you?
You know what I'm gonna ask you?
You know what I'm gonna ask you?
You know what I'm gonna ask you?
You know what I'm gonna ask you?
You know what I'm gonna ask you?
You know what I'm gonna ask you?
Oh, oh, oh.
I'm gonna ask you.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
You know, it's my pleasure.
So what was you really trying to say?
It was a good one.
Oh, okay.
Kendall.
Hello.
Hello, how you doing?
Great.
Listen, you're always talking about black people.
You're always talking about religion.
You're always talking about religion.
You're always talking about religion.
About women.
And when you talk about something about yourself,
you'll be so s******.
Okay, I guess we'll be doing that tomorrow.
When you're feeling lucky,
why not make a B-line for Hollywood Seminogem and that's what...
You can't allow that baby.
The New Rogers on Sports, Holes, A, D, O, W, Q, A, S.
See, that's another thing.
I always complain we don't have enough jails.
We don't have enough prisons in the US.
The US has a higher percentage of its population in jail or prison than any other so-called
civilized countries in the world.
Well, if they'd let all the people out who are like in there for, you know, to have enough
huge joints, all the people who are in prison for victimless crimes, if they put them all
out, we'd have plenty of room.
We wouldn't have to waste any more money building more prisons.
And if they would keep them in there, like that Rimmer scumbag, they'd let out a couple
weeks or not.
They're a hockey guy, not him, different Rimmer, with two M's.
The guy that, you know, that went to the electronics store and off the couple of people,
a couple of kids, because his probation officer had too heavy of a workload and she just
has a habit of like letting everybody just on the loose.
But we don't have any serious commitment toward this.
There is no serious commitment.
We don't care about this.
And as long as they leave us alone, like Howard Diel said, as long as it isn't us, we
don't give a flying craft.
There's a lady mobile in Western.
Hello.
Hi, good morning, Neil.
When is this?
I got a few things to comment.
OK.
Number one, only in America, this should happen.
OK, don't show you a crap again.
OK.
Number two, this kid is old enough to be tried as an adult.
Yeah.
But I don't know how you feel about the death penalty.
I like it.
This is the kicker.
Yeah.
He's old enough to be tried as an adult.
You will be.
But he's not old enough to go for the death penalty.
Mm-hmm.
Go figure.
Yeah.
And now the last thing, which will bring a smile to your face and you'll probably crack
out.
This is medical news that just broke out.
For all the women who are PMS and this gynecologist came out with something so they won't get
cramps.
He puts a battery in the box of a, they're going to be sold by boxes.
It's a vibrating tampon.
Oh, right.
I've seen that.
They're waiting for FDA approval.
In fact, Jeff Cohen is going to be first in line to get him and I for his wife either.
I just fell off the couch and the news reported that he said, no, we're going to have a bunch
of women walking around town with the vibrator there.
Well, you think you were falling off the couch now just wait till it comes out.
I know we're going to have a lot of car accidents.
They're going to ditch their husbands and they're going to be ragged for the whole month.
At least to keep them busy in the car anyway.
Have a good day sweetheart.
Thanks.
Bye-bye.
Can't you just see that?
All the crazy things that people do in cars now.
How about a pencil thin anal vibrator with every new car?
Sure, make Jeff Cohen happy.
He's heavy duty in those pencil thin,
rectum vibrators and he's straight as an arrow well on him.
We got trailer part like I told you this story a couple days ago about the woman in Walgreens
with the two little kids running around.
I mean, just trashing the place, just destroying, ripping the stuff off registers
and just opening up all kinds of crap and throwing it on the floor oblivious.
So when you turn on shows like Jerry Sprung and you think, boy, they're sure going to run
out of that trailer park trash pretty soon for all of it.
Don't worry.
There's an endless supply because they're reproducing
like rabbits.
And the meantime here in Miami, they're at doing acid attacks on abortion clinics.
That's what we do it because we love those fetuses.
Those people, by the way, are the same ones, the right wingers who are hysterical about abortions,
the same ones who are the gun lovers and the same ones who don't give a flying crap
about the kids that got murdered yesterday or any other kids once they're born.
They are fetus huggers.
They're hugging their gun with one hand and they're hugging their fetus with the other.
They're all shooted.
Here's a lady in Kendall.
Hello?
Hey, I'm Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Finally, honey, after three years of trying to get you.
Well, here I am.
I know that you need me.
Haven't had an open line in three years.
An encandled, too, honey.
Yeah, but I'm living in the Candle area.
And I'm still trying to figure out where the hell I'm at.
Yeah.
We'll send you a roadmap.
I know I need one.
And a compass.
I know my husband's trying to tell me, well, honey, you're on this road.
And a pencil thin anal vibrator from the people.
Exactly.
Oh, hey, I would love that.
All right.
That's right.
And...
Just calling just gave it thumbs up.
I said it's in the mail, sweetheart.
Ooh, I'll take it.
Let's see.
I didn't go out my buy-be.
I just felt like I had to say that.
I'm just still using tail mill.
Let me take...
Sounds like it.
Better you've georg your address.
You want to stop buying a weekend.
It's in good stuff for the holiday.
Well, come on in for baby.
All right.
Hey, man, take something.
I would take care of you.
I've got an empty room here.
I think this lady's got the really good.
Yeah.
That's right.
Oh, God.
I need that.
I haven't sh** in three weeks.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
Oh, the best call in the history of the human race.
Not just of this show.
Not just talk radio.
That was the best call call.
Even Alexander Graham Schwartz would be impressed with that.
That was...
Go home now.
I've got to take it.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
Oh, God.
I needed a good laugh.
It pains me.
Here's a mobile and crawl spring.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
God, how you doing?
uh... jet bush is uh...
speaking of my son elementary school today
i sent it to the coach
exactly get those cards ready
i sent in the class with a question
uh... because my son uh... will probably get to ask the question
i said it when you become or if you become uh... leader now governor
of the state of florida and we all leave you out
are you are gonna make a board since the legal
we have a conversation about a board since when one of the isn't that
what kind of a question is getting closer to the
uh... what
uh... you were to read the papers because my son will probably ask the question
and uh... it'll be some kind of file a little later on today with him or
something
one thing about your voice you may study look like a raving liberal
are you don't know the level
it is in and he will become the next governor unless we do something
we have to get up get active and say don't vote for this guy
you bad news
amin
and uh... as far as the marlins i haven't taken my son
to uh... baseball game in two years
i've not been to blockbuster video in two years
and my family knows
that we had a good is a bad man
and that's it
have a great weekend next but i think you should teach all your kids that okay
if you want to teach them good and evil stuff like that forget about god in the
devil
you want to teach them good show my picture even though it's ugly
if you want to teach them bad show them is when we're going to be able to
to better complexion
and a little more here
mobile and highly hello
uh... you know that yes sir
i'm doing that mark margital it's a marginal one day man
uh... you know what
uh...
i'm just trying to put in a my two cents in about the annual thing yeah
my wife loves it
and and i don't consider myself gay just because i like to give it to her
yeah
that i let you know
you don't consider yourself gay
no no i think that way you say that like uh... somebody might
no because i'm a fudge pack him
yeah i'm not first packing
well i'm packing her
yeah
but uh... you know you had a couple guys saying that uh...
your gay if you like to give it to a woman in the rectum
that's what i heard anybody that's in the war right now is a faggot's what i had
that's a fact thing
well we like to perform all on our self
in the rectum
i'm listening
no i don't know why would i do that
well no it's just because you
you're just me all
just when we're getting to the meat of the matter
i'm thinking i'm going to cut you off
in fact doctor mark was just in here said no he said that that's the outgoing
slot he said no more anal sex he just gave that
order for all the people in south florida no more no more
maybe one more time maybe one more just this one last time
okay
yeah i can do one more thing for me
sure
uh... my wife is the first time i make her listen to you
yeah
she's ever heard back by it
okay
how did i how did i know that so now he's got an anal sex now he's trying to move
on the bigger and better things okay
i have to hear you pervert
here's a lady in my name hello
yes man
i'm a bit concerned about the anal sex issue
you're concerned about anal sex okay
well i've been dating this guy for two years
yeah
he's continually expressed his preference to
he continues to express his anal
he's really as anal as well
i thought that was the drug
he continues to express his preference but i have to do it
and i'm a bit concerned that he might be
