Sport Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
We're talking Neil called 560 560 toll free for dating brown.
Found 560 on your cell phone. The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM easily made acquisitions or the Beasley Broadcast Group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sport Radio 560 QAM. I'm dying on the ass!
I'm Quinn and my addition. I'm a back who likes to fall.
I'm here to convert this mission. It's back but that's not all.
I'll be waiting to see if you'll let long as it's the last.
If both sides of the movie, you can still hear it in the sky.
But like the first stage right now, it's that crowd I, I'm fighting in the field of a snowball.
I'm fighting in the field of a snowball.
I'm fighting in the field of a snowball.
It was really sweet looking.
Kids, do both sides of your vehicle.
Oh, right.
Did he say bend over?
I think that's what he said.
Anyway, it's 10 on 3 at 5, 60 WQAM.
Guess what?
I'm allergic to nuts.
So, I was thinking of Zo.
So Greg Reed this morning is pacing up and down.
I see him in the outer control room.
In fact, in the studio.
I mean, I realized they usually do a three-man show in there,
but how come he's in there with Yeldy and the B-Fo?
I don't get it.
Pacing back and forth.
So I asked, I don't want to mention who I asked in there.
I said, what's he act so nervous about?
They said he heard Hank's interview with Zo last night.
Positive.
That's going to put us right over the age.
That's going to open the door for Affen for 17
number for the other sports station.
That could have been.
I'm on the way.
I don't want to start ripping Hank again,
because I love Hank.
He's a great guy.
I'm just a little afraid to rent.
Lost a lot of weight.
He looks beautiful.
Everybody wants his body now.
But the fact is that last night, I
go to the store to public sit about five o'clock
and Hank was interviewing Zo who was in.
Well, we got this two-price Affen, they did.
We go, we got moved.
I thought, Jesus Christ, he sounds just like OJ.
And everybody's going to be there.
It's going to be a great time of July.
Oh, man.
It was that usual inarticular drone.
Zo drones.
OK, he drones.
That bat bat bat bat bat bat.
You know, in his very inarticular embarrassing way.
So I go into public side by a few things.
I pay the, I get back in the car.
It's like 12, 15 minutes later.
And he's going, have that dude like, wait a minute.
Oh my god.
I couldn't believe it.
And then, and then Hank says, well, before I let you go,
I want to ask you a couple of non-basketball related things.
Now, you know about this baseball.
Say, oh, no, my baseball, I'm a little baseball.
Yeah.
And I thought to myself, we must have a great sense of humor
here.
We must be opening up the door wide.
You know, because we have a fair play as where it's at.
Let's give them an opportunity.
You know, we understand that they're
going to start with a handicap.
There's other sports station.
Most people can't even pick the guy
to anything up on their video dial at 1700.
You know, I mean, who the hell wants to hear Don Eimes
or Mike and a mad dog?
You know, when you come right down to it?
Yeah, who wants to hear that?
So let's give him a little bit of an advantage.
OK, in fact, maybe we can put Zo on like with his own.
How about the Zo Show?
How does that sound?
Yeah, the Zo Show.
Is he going to get to say BS like he did yesterday during that
day?
Did he also say BS?
Well, that's OK.
If Maddard can say TIT, he can say BS.
What's wrong with that?
I mean, TIT.
So a nice go on air, Humphur.
Jesus, God Almighty.
Like I said, we want to make it exciting,
because it is so boring.
I'm going to tell you how boring it is, OK?
Before I get into my allergy alcat test,
picking up boring, I'm allergic to nuts.
Damn it.
Shave their notches.
So anyway, to show you how boring it is,
I turn on Channel 4 News this morning.
I have to confess, I watch Channel 4 by default,
and I can't stop watching Channel 4.
Even though I cannot stand some of the people they put on
there not like this.
Ken Rosado, and what's your name?
Angela Ray.
Ha, ha, ha.
And I'm brought that up yesterday.
There's nobody else in the audience
who's noticed that she's got like laughing gas.
Or else got a bicycle pump stuck up her neck.
And then a feather inside?
Historical.
Out of control.
So I'm watching Channel 4 this morning,
and they got this woman on there with their daughter.
And the story is about Liz Moriatus of Cooper City,
and her daughter who fell onto a floor lighting
in a baby theater lobby at the movie co-feeder complex.
This story is on Channel 4 News.
She fell down on a light, OK?
And got like a little minor booboo on her leg.
In fact, I said to her, what are you looking at, sweetheart?
Oh, I got a booboo.
You know, she got a booboo, OK?
So then I pick up my newspapers, and I sit down here
on the front page.
This, you know, something in Geneva, New York,
in Austin, New York, in Oassau, Michigan.
I'm trying to think in Ames, Iowa, if a little girl had fallen
down and got a little booboo on an uncovered light
on the floor of the movie theater, maybe somewhere
like in the local section, there
would have been a little paragraph about girl, you know,
city looks into whatever.
In the right-hand side of the front page
of your sunset in the morning, theater lights burn toddler,
county orders bulbs unplugged.
Ow!
Now, you know how the right-hand side,
the upper right-hand side of your newspaper
is always the most important story of the day,
in every newspaper in America, you know,
like Clinton orders, nuclear weapons dropped on China.
Well, whatever it might say, the most important story
of the day is in the upper right-hand corner
of your newspaper.
Theater lights burn toddler, and here's
the picture of the mother and the little girl who had a booboo.
She got a booboo, she fell down on his light.
And then, of course, on Channel 4, they showed the whole thing.
Here's the light, and it's not completely covered,
and if the little kid who got bumped by her cousin
or whatever it was, by the way, goofing around in there.
And, of course, the worst part is that the managing director
of movie co-mic P. Jones came running out.
She said he offered to get her an ambulance
and eventually gave her some ointment,
but did not refund the ticket money.
How do you like that?
Oy!
God damn it.
Didn't refund the money for the tickets.
The little girl fell down, got a booboo.
And this guy, all they did was get an ice pack
and put some lotion in her casket or whatever.
And that was it.
What are you, what are you, God?
What are you doing?
No, this, well, it looks like you were about
to hit something there.
See, I'm not used to this.
I had a very relaxing week last week, you know?
My slave did not, very stressful week.
Very stressful, high pressure week.
God, finally I can sit back and relax
and take a deep breath.
But at any rate, so here's the most important thing
going on in town, is there anybody who gives a crap
about the fact that some little girl fell down
and got a booboo on a light in the movie theater?
No.
And this is the most exciting thing.
Next to Hank's interview with Zoe yesterday,
this was the most important thing
that's happened in this town in the last 24 hours.
It makes the front page of your newspaper.
I get a call from Merrill, of course,
basically has no life to begin with.
I get a call from Amy yesterday.
Oh, it's so boring here.
I don't know what to do.
I'm going to lose in my mind.
Yeah, is that another hint?
I said, how about some of those great movies you saw
at the movie co-feet over your kids fell down and they stopped.
Yeah, he wasn't too psyched about those either.
By the way, Jen, what now was in it for Lopez?
Britney Spears was in Poppano Beach last night.
Anybody see it?
We want to find somebody who was in the Britney Spears concert.
She, by the way, has got her new video coming out.
Next Monday will be the world premiere on MTV.
By the way, that's my only other than sports.
My only thing I watch on TV anymore is MTV.
Oh!
Besides, like maybe Dateline or one of those shows
once in a while.
I'm serious.
Although road rules, they got to have a re-audition for that.
This crowd they got on road rules.
In fact, one kid's name is, I say, no.
Yeah.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah, I haven't seen the audience.
It's a losing bunch, believe me.
But anyway, so 10th, 30 every Monday night,
they got a new show on MTV.
Not as good as Tom Green, but close.
And it's the making of a video.
Last night, it was 98 degrees.
And next week, it's the new Britney Spears video.
And she, as they showed her preview,
she's wearing a green blouse that is so tight,
I swear to God, that any moment,
you're just waiting for the trusions
to just pop those babies off into the sky.
I mean, just unbelievable.
That's how tight they are.
Don't guarantee you, we don't have anybody in this audience
that saw the Britney Spears concert in Poppano Beach.
Come on, let's go.
5'6'7'0'5'50, POM 5'60 on a mobile one line.
Because they're all bunch of punky little kids.
They're not listening to our show today.
It's the only people left in town
where the people are with the Britney Spears concert
last night.
Look at that.
New Yorkers, God.
New Yorkers, God.
Hello.
You have reached Dickie's Workers Choice Catalog
and Information One.
To speak with a representative, or if you have a rotary phone,
please stay on the line.
Thank you.
Transferring to an operator.
Please wait.
Dickie's Customer Service.
This is Lillian.
How may help you?
Yeah, my Lillian.
Hi.
You like Dickies?
Sure.
I guess a lot of women do, huh?
I believe so.
My woman said she loves to get Dickies.
I see.
She likes a lot of them.
Yeah.
You know, I understand some gay guys like Dickies.
Well, I'm really about to have never really thought about that.
What's the biggest Dickies you've seen?
Well, sir, we go to a 72 way.
Oh, my God.
You like little Dickies, too?
Sir, I think my girl basically likes big Dickies.
Well, is there a point to this conversation, sir?
Yeah, just a day.
I get to say Dickie a lot on the phone.
Yeah.
Well, you want to get placed in order, sir?
For what?
For clothing?
I want to talk about Dickies.
Well, sir, that's what we carry is clothing.
Well, then Dickie, Dickie.
Sir, if there's no other reason that you're calling this...
I'm not like Dickies.
There's a lot of women like Dickies.
Sir, I'm going to disconnect now.
No, when you're calling about Dickie.
OK, 10, 16, and 5, 60, WDQ.
Let's see, maybe this person saw the concept, but I bet you're not.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Miami.
10, 16, and 5, 60, WDQ.
Oh, God.
How is this possible?
How could this be?
You know, I mean, I know it's deadly.
Five minutes they've been on there.
Miami, hello.
Really there?
I'm here.
What do you mean am I here?
Are you there?
That's the question.
Not am I here.
What's the phone down because it was on hold?
Yeah.
My wife and stepdaughter went to see Brittany last night.
Yeah.
I didn't get to go.
Yeah.
But they said that she didn't actually sing.
And they typed in the music while she danced a lot.
So, look what you look like.
What?
What a surprise.
Why don't I think most people over there went to see her sing?
She can't sing a way to a paper sack.
Well, still, you're expected to sing.
You've got to a concert on that.
No, not when you go to...
I mean, you don't get it, do you?
I guess not.
Yeah.
Okay, thanks.
There's one guy who doesn't get it.
And maybe that's why he didn't get to go.
Nobody gives a crap whether she can sing or not or whether she's singing or lipsicking.
In fact, if she's lipsicking, then she's got more time to do a little huchi kuchi and
shake those things around.
You know what I'm saying?
You follow?
That's what it's all about.
I mean, if she could really sing in the first place, then it might be a point to nitpick
about.
So, I guess that was it.
He didn't really get to go.
There is nobody in our entire audience.
All 50 of them were out there right now who started Brittany's Spirit Concert in
the second half of the year.
And then, I think that was the first concert that was going to be a little bit more
about the story.
And then, I think that was the first concert that was going to be a little bit more about
the story.
And then, I think that was the first concert that was going to be a little bit more about
the story that was going to be a little bit more about the story that was going to be a little
bit more about the story that was going to be a little bit more about the story that was
going to be a little bit more about the story that was going to be a little bit more about the
story that was going to be a little bit more about the story that was going to be a little bit
more about the story that was going to be a little bit more about the story that was going to be
a little bit more about the story that was going to be a little bit more about the story that was going to be a little bit more about the story that was going to be a little bit more about the story that was going to be a little bit more about the story that was going to be a little bit more about the story that was going to be a little bit more about the story that was going to be a little bit more about the story that was going to be a little bit more about the story that was going to be a little bit more about the story that was going to be a little bit more about the story that was going to be a little bit more about the story that was going to be a little bit more about the story that was going to be a little bit more about the story that was going to be a little bit more about the story that was going to be a little bit more about the story that was going to be a little bit more about the story that was going to be a little bit more about the story that was going to be a little bit more about
probably an ensure what was going to be the story that was going to be a little bit more about the story that was going to be a little bit more about the story that was going to be a little bit more about the story.
twenty seven inches fifty four fifty four grams of carbs in this
wqa m
yeah i'm in a mobile in front of the show last night was it good
with a bad yeah
for the better but what
part of how it would have been better
well you know
she's uh... she can't really think can't dance got a nice of the can
but yeah
man she got a big ass you got a big ass
you just for seven
well she ought to be big down here
george's excellent
i feel bad for when she turns thirty
yeah
but about thirty who's gonna care about when she's thirty she got to make it
now man
i don't think i want to care about it when she's nineteen you think the
might be police might have signed her up for a little action down in
kindle
pay what they can make a couple of box off the on-handle
alright thanks for the good news here there's one guy had a good time
not kidding me with a big answer he loved it
anyway the carrot juice is only got twenty three grams forty six per one
little bottle here okay
so in other words it's got a carat juice but it's loaded
without the stuff in here how can it doesn't have the ingredients in here by
the way
because carat juice couldn't possibly if that's all that was in here for
the latest hop of the label
there at the time
all i see from uh... fresh no no it's just that says a lot of carat news
the mind of the ingredients
it's as let me say it again ingredients carat news that's what it says okay how
could carat news have that many goddamn carbs in it i guess it does uh...
carats
and of course you know you realize that vegetable and fruit juice when you like
when you do
do something
that it'll concentrate so whatever is in there as far as carbs are concerned
all that's in any of these the uh... the juice in the fruit there's no right
that's what i'm saying so a concentrate whatever carbs are in there and if you
were on the act and the pretend to be on it like i have been for the last five
years
uh... forget that
will just say fresh cement that somebody
no you don't understand i could i could eat like a half a pint of uh...
ben and juries
or even the good guy who which is got that pecan the trouble whatever that thing is
can you do any more that though because i got my alcat test results here
anybody believe in a step no
see i would i would have believed in it except for the fact that this guy brought
this lady nutritionist in this morning which i don't want to mention her name
and i'm sure she's very nice person but nevertheless as soon as somebody says
here's a nutritionist i go
like that
because i know what that's all about because nutritionist no nothing
and to prove that this lady uh... while i was looking at my blood test results
she brings me what is called the rotation diet
and i and she also as a little note in there about using
gie
now i've got a conversation about the in fact in the act in the diet bar
one of those horrible horrible tasting bars
number one of the ingredients was gian i talked about the fact that in that book
by a doctor uh... kilmer mccalki and mccalki
what are the main what is the name mccalki uh... kalken
anyway uh... the book about homo system which is very important even much more
important than your cholesterol
gie is something you absolutely must not use i mean it is a homo system
spiker
and she gives me a little note about using gie and about that uh... jeez and then
on the rotation dot white potato i can eat potatoes no the worst two things you
can put in your mouth are potatoes and corn okay
as far as in the food category answer you put worse things than that in your
mouth but we don't want to talk about on a family show but nevertheless
so what's on the top of the very list in the start things you got on the
diet for me
white potato and corn
how do you like that
uh...
so i just i just
for i'm going to pretend that she wasn't here okay
like i said i'm sure here's the thing
gie butter warmed and then separated here's her note
like better check that out and i'm going to check it out no
trying to get my homo system down my homo level down and this lady's coming
in here trying to get it up
i mean you got only took fourteen points of blood here today and it's not too
bad
while john penis was swooning on the floor in there like a five year old child
i i wish you would have seen that you you would you would have been so
embarrassed for him
keep in mind he's not the one getting the blood drawn
i am and i who cares
he claims this reaction was not what you say it is well ask a junior on
Thursday when he comes back and he was sitting right where you are he couldn't
believe it he was a gas okay
yes
and it was even hiding his head he's sitting in there i mean we got the wall
separating us in another room he's like hiding his head looking down like a
like a two year old child would do
because he saw a needle
so anyway here's the supposed things that i'm allergic to and this thing
does make a lot of sense that's why we should be brought to nutrition lady
in this morning because quite frankly my feeling about nutritionist is
they're a full of crap okay
and i think she bears that out with a list of a grotesque things you want and
we're waiting for you some of the other things on this diet that you put
together for me
duck
of beans all sorts of beans am i going to be in the end of course not
uh... fesant
mackerel
dear
hearing
all kinds of fish do i think no all kinds of food can i do them that
it no
in fact basically uh... i would lose a lot of weight on her rotation that
because i can't eat almost any of the things on the list here
so i was a ton of weight
what do you find dear
down here
i don't know if i wanted to i'm green will have to find a moose in the side of
the road we can all hump it together
uh... no calories and hump in the old moose
i don't know where do you find a fesant down here where you find all kinds of
stuff she's got on here
i mean uh... what is this camo meal and she's got all kinds of a has a rye on
here
peanuts licorice
that sounds like a fantastic meal all i'm going to have some licorice now
course it's only loaded with sugar and i'm a diabetic and i have licorice
all but that's on the diet that's my nutrition ladies see i wish they'd leave
me a whole alone okay smith and waltz he all these other people are one
and just like this juice guy that brings in here which you can have these fine
that's great because you think you do in yourself a lot of good you're not
you're looking yourself up with a bunch of concentrated car carbohydrates
free carbohydrates
all that's right it was free George likes it and they're yummy
are they good about better good and about that you even the carat uses real
sweet
am i going to try it no no
but the one thing couple of things i find on here that i'm allergic to like
number one cow's milk which means the ice cream see that's at the top of the
list
crab do i eat crab
no i have crab no i have had but not lately
so no more ice cream god damn it
that's way in the up positive i mean way up there is in the limitate don't
ever see it again don't think about it no more than jerry's no more god of
ice cream stop it already
and then the ones to avoid banana white banana as well not the kind you're
thinking about beets the way beets no land no sunflowers no
no
so i guess i'm okay there just stay away from that wicked banana it says no
chance
and then here it says here now here's another i see as you go by the colors on
his chart which i'm sure this is almost as boring as those interview yesterday
but not i could never match that you know seriously that is there anybody
in this audience that heard so on hanks show yesterday please call in right
now and verify it was the worst radio in history broadcasting alright
i mean that that was just i couldn't but i was screaming at the radio how can
you still have this man on here
i'm glad that he's out there show up good before good call that a lot of
prominent society right now and he and he's going on like some kind of a
commentator on the passing social scene
so go stuff it put the lotion in the basket in the ball in the basket
and stay off the radio they just had them on the guy the morning shows thinking
at you up last year Friday morning and i'll hang sky realized we're desperate
i understand just how believe me i know we're desperate all started yesterday
we got a i got a false sense of security the previous two weeks it was a
miracle and then as soon as they saw that you live for holiday on the calendar
they all made a b-line out of here and who can blame them
but so
who's
man
i i would rather listen to i'd rather listen to Lenny martes
uh... sing opera
for five hours and listen to five minutes of the so on the radio i mean just
uh... you're killing this man your killer stick to the basketball case
ticket in the basket
get off our radio station i think i think he must be working for uh... the
waffin he must be working for seventeen hundred
he figures if you get on here enough it'll take the whole guy the audience away
obedience dumb flower
it teach options everywhere
my work action toy
is a bioendera action seized
formal
action done
the health
D2 action vibrator, the dark fader, hemorrhoid removal kit, the looks guywalker, Ewa,
Claver, Joy-Gelly, OB1, Kenobi, Nimboclamps, us Princess Lea, disposable Duke, and the Jedi
Knight, inflatable love doll with fully functional vibrating lightsaber.
Star Wars action toys, in adult shops everywhere, like size, inflatable jump of the hunt
with optional vacuum sucks sold separately.
1032 at 560 W.Q. and we got Hank in the studio by the way, 2 o'clock this afternoon,
and hopefully without zo, I pray.
And then 6 o'clock we got the, what do we got tonight?
Donnie B. Talking Baseball and the second Chris Moore's ass again.
Then we got the Marlins again, the Marlins in the Met's, 12,000 sold tickets for last night's
game, probably about 9 or 10,000 people actually showed up, and probably about 6 or 7,000
of those were Met fans, at least maybe 4 or 5,000.
How do you like that?
And it's not even quite the first of July yet.
But John Henry says, always sees a real interesting place in Fort Lauderdale for a new stadium
and we're all going to the end.
Right, we'll get into that.
Here's a mobile in Miami, hello.
Hey, me all right.
OK, sir.
I was flicking it yesterday and I saw OJ at the Miami Airport.
Yeah.
OJ's in town.
Oh, great.
With this family.
Uh-huh.
And I wondered when all the community is, I wonder where he's going to come in for his interview
with QAO.
He's interviewing here, believe me.
Maybe he can be on the new station, he can be on Auffin.
Are you sure?
Am I sure what?
He's not going to be on there, you know.
On this station?
Yeah, very sure.
Yes.
How come?
How come what?
That would be great radio.
No, it would not be great radio.
How long would he be on the air?
He'd be on the air, you know, three, four hours a day.
No, no, how long would that show last?
Like after the first two or three calls?
No, no.
He could do like a mix between with you two, but the math does.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, OK.
Thanks for the good news, sir.
I can go either way.
Well, that's good.
Don't tell his boyfriend.
No, he goes either way.
He'll be real upset.
Nobody heard Hank's interview with Zoe Estaday at five o'clock.
Come on, there's got to be one person in this audience that heard that the worst segment of radio in the history of the even Marconi is ready to blow his brains out if he could.
If you put a gun in the box right now, the newer sound Marconi would be blown his brains out.
560-70560, 05-60 on the mobile one line.
Yeah, you know, it would be really cruel for me to be taking a vacation very soon, because that would be, you know, I believe in you and oh boy.
I don't want you to get real nervous, but you got all that crappy music you'd like to play.
I'd get it already.
I get all cranked up and ready because oh man, it's going to be I knew I was coming.
I knew I just didn't know exactly when.
Here's North Miami Beach.
Hello.
Oh, yes, sir.
No, you mentioned something about the paper.
Yes, it is.
About a while ago about that girl getting burnt there.
Yeah.
Did anybody mention about the front page of the harrow on Sunday?
The sports section on the left hand side?
About what?
Just wrestling for glory.
I mean, they've got professional wrestling under sports.
They've got the Cuban as well.
Okay, well, I see a great similarity between that two, okay?
Great similarity.
See, this is the QAM Lister.
He's worried about the sports section.
I'm not talking about the sports section, sir.
I'm talking about the front page of the front section of a supposedly a Broward County's Daily newspaper.
Besides the most important thing that happened in the last 24 hours that we should know about, is a little girl fell down and got a booboo at a movie theater.
This guy, see what I'm talking about.
It's a mercy.
We were talking about this before the show started this morning.
Forget about what anybody listened to a new All Sports radio station in 17th-Embed and Greg Reedus, psychotic about.
Forget about that.
The real question is, why would any person with even a semblance of his life listen to any All Sports radio station?
That's the real question.
Because when you really analyze the content and the things that are being talked about are re-hashed over and over and over again.
How many ways can you dissect the same goddamn salmon?
You know what I'm talking about?
Like Tim Sandman.
How many ways can you dissect him?
Here's a mobile in Parkland. Hello.
Hi, now.
Yes, sir.
I didn't have the interview with Alonzo Debra.
I was wondering if Dan Mali is going to have his...
Okay, let's go to Miami Beach. Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Neil, the real world and road rules of great shows.
Except for the part where the girls shaved their head and lifted up her hairy armpit.
Yeah, how they got it out?
They got to get a new crew on road.
Oh my God, I love me.
Bring back aim is what I said.
The real world is the best though this year.
The first day that's getting there, they're naked in the mountains.
I loved it.
See, that's why I'm into MTV now.
I mean, in fact, last night, 11 o'clock, they had this sex show on with these made-up stupid stories.
And the 98 degrees runner helping the shrink-out answer to these stupid answers.
Yeah, let's see.
Even stupider.
Yeah, love one.
I don't like that one too much.
Well, in fact, after 10 minutes, I shut it off and went to bed because it was pretty terminal.
But nevertheless, at least we got a lot of naked people on there.
That's what America wants.
Yeah, we go. Come tonight at 10 o'clock.
All right.
I'll be glued.
Thanks.
Yeah, you'll be gluing it.
So that's all I watch is my hockey games, which unfortunately there aren't any more until October.
Maybe a little bit of baseball just to have it on in the background because we can laugh at the fact there's nobody in the stand.
And then I watch, like, date line in the 60 minutes parts 1 through 100 and MTV.
That's it.
I'm going to program my TV so those are the only things that come on from now on.
Yeah, I'm serious.
And then a little much music if you like everyone to see a video because MTV doesn't really ever show videos.
Maybe you only on TRL and then...
And you know what?
They really piss me off when they do on TRL because they'll show, like, maybe half of the video and then they'll fade it out.
You know, because they got more important stuff to do, like, their 85...
You think we got long commercial breaks on this station?
The spots on MTV, they just go on and on and on and pimple creams and condoms and more pimple creams and condom cream.
And I mean, it's just unbelievable.
So nobody heard so on Hank Goldberg show yesterday.
You know something maybe Hank lucked out.
Seriously, maybe he lucked out because if anybody did hear it, they'd be screaming right now.
In fact, you know something?
I'm a little bit slow.
Anybody who did hear it probably will never turn on the station again.
So they won't be hearing me screaming about this today.
All these people on hold heard it.
And they did?
Oh!
Here's a mobile lady in the gables. Hello?
Hi Neil.
Yes ma'am.
Hi, I did hear it though yesterday on Hank's show.
Okay, am I wrong in my exam?
He was asleep.
He sounded like he was sleeping.
He was drowning.
Yeah, it was...
He was a terrible guy.
He was a bad guy.
He was going to be really bad.
I have a good time with a lot of my fidgety.
He was doing like an OJ thing that I play.
Yeah, it was terminal like you say.
And it just kept going on.
It was like somebody wound him up and just walked away.
And that would be a good thing.
Yeah, I'm sure it's a great cause that he's...
Right.
Well, I don't know because I couldn't even decipher that part of it.
But I didn't get it from his show now.
Right.
Okay, thank you.
Thank you.
Yeah, there you go.
I mean, maybe if they just would have faxed us, the...
Well, of course, they would have probably faxed on the wrong machine.
We would have shot-canned it.
But if they would have faxed them, the information about whatever his charity thing is,
that our people could have read it on the year.
And the audience could have been able to understand it and decipher it
and supported it around as the case maybe.
And then we go on to something more exciting, you know, like the Taffy Pool
or something like that.
We'll pull on something.
Wow.
See, everybody in this business thinks that being in a sports business thinks that
because somebody puts on a jockstrap, therefore they belong on the year.
They really believe that, you know what I'm talking about?
Oh, yeah, they believe that.
And then they say, hey, like the guy before, it's gonna be a song dance
about how entertaining OJ would be.
Yeah, he'd be real entertaining in a box.
Hey, we're trying to land on the soil for a car.
Hey, folks, my dear folks, Jim and my eyes don't say that brown.
They're both laying at my feet now.
We have to fold them down.
I love the presentation of strange hands on my thighs.
All right.
Like I knew I'd dig short, I'd be on stage at night.
And times that take their clothes off and start dancing in the aisle.
Well, I know that I should make them stop putting on with these things
and I'm going to bring you down every day and I'm driving the wind and the snow gun.
I swear by his dance play, driving the wind and the snow gun.
These dreams they drive, they swim in the free, they're on the road gun.
It's making me so rich, driving the wind and the snow gun.
Let's be my star, God, folks.
I ain't got no pinball gun.
10.44 at 5.60 W.D. Q.A.M.
See, one thing I don't understand, why are all these little girls going to see Britney Spears?
I don't get that.
I would think that if I were like some young guy, some heterosexual guy,
which I'm either young nor either of the above, but if I were, I'd be pissed off
that all the tickets got doubled up by bunch of little girls.
Why is it that we have like a lot of lesbians in waiting?
Is that what it's all about?
Why do eight and ten and twelve-year-old girls want to flock to see Britney Spears?
What is it that she, unless they hope that maybe theirs can grow to be the same as hers?
Or they can get it?
Or they're implant, what?
Bubble gum, a piece.
Bubble gum, what?
I can't understand.
That's girls.
Yeah.
Little girls have the worst taste of music.
How do you explain the Batch Street Boys popularity?
I wondered why I was having such a good time last week, you know?
I mean, other than the obvious reasons.
Yeah, players' mother says the WTA, the Wimbleton, whatever that stands for,
a tour, is racist.
That's right.
Alexander Esteven's an 18-year-old American threat in the Sue for Prize money,
while her mother claims there is racism and her daughter faces sexual advances
from female players.
You know something?
If you don't want to be around a bunch of dicks, don't go play in women's sports.
That's my best advice.
Okay, sweetheart?
If you don't watch your daughter taking showers with bull dicks, then probably have her
like go do something else, be a dietician or nutritionist or something like that.
Or a secretary.
As sexist as that may sound, because women's sports is a bull bike enterprise.
Don't you understand that?
Don't you get it?
So maybe all these girls that are hot in the Britney Spears, maybe they're like future athletes.
We need a lot of girls for that WNBA.
Some of me even white.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, Billie Jean was not a dyke.
Yeah.
What's it, boy?
Yeah.
Listen, I listened to the interview and I thought there was something wrong with my radio.
I kept moving around and changing the button and I still couldn't get it clear, so I changed stations.
My favorite part was when Zo said,
that was my favorite.
I wanted to listen to this WQBA, the people that called the Marling game in Spanish,
say that we are very lucky in the county and the team is very lucky because,
because of the fact that they don't have any pressure to win, they can give chances
and time to the young players to develop.
Right.
You superstars.
Right, so they can continue having sex with them.
I want to show them.
Yeah, that is the most unbelievable statement that I ever had.
Yeah, wait till August till we have like two or three thousand people understand,
then we'll see what they're going to be saying.
Son of those guys, son of those players, you can give them 50 years playing time
and they will never get to be anything.
They have bad players.
Okay, well thanks for the good news.
567-0560, pound 560 on the mobile one line.
There's a bulletin' for you that Marling's got a lot of bad players.
Are we upset about that?
Do we have anybody here?
No.
No.
12,000 announced for the MET.
This was supposed to be a big hot series.
Marlins won two in a row after losing ten in a row in a row.
They come back home.
The METs, a New York team that's having a big year by the way, giving Atlanta
run for their money in that division.
They come into town.
See, part of the problem is there's no New Yorkers down here now anyway.
There's no anybody down here now.
So if you need any proof of that, see this is another reason that this business
of having a domed stadium, what difference does it make?
What kind of stadium you've got in a seasonal town when most of the season is played
during the dog days of summer?
What difference does it make?
What kind of stadium you've got?
They've got a domed stadium in Tampa.
They get drawn in the crowds there.
No.
No, and they're not doing that bad.
Nobody's showing up over there.
And that in Tampa is anywhere nearly a seasonal place as this is.
Those are just a bunch of mugwumps and those pickers over there.
They don't even know where to find a roadmap to get out of town over on a West Coast.
But at least over here, we're two-thirds of the town packs up in the parts in the summertime.
What difference does it make?
What kind of stadium they're playing in?
Was there any rain last night?
No.
And it's red of rain, any bad weather?
No.
No.
There's nobody here.
So you put those ingredients together, the fact that there's no interest in it.
They stink the joint out.
And there's nobody here, and you've got an empty ballpark.
But John Henry says he's got a great spot to build him a brand new one over there in Fort Lauderdale.
I got that here somewhere along with lots and lots of other stuff, by the way, just in case.
Because I know what I'm up against.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Hi, Kyle.
Yes, sir.
I heard the interview.
Yes.
And I couldn't understand what he was saying, but there was one positive that came out of it.
The summer group is supporting the Children's Home Society in Miami, which is a pretty good foundation.
Yeah.
So that required like 25 minutes of mumbling to the past that information along?
No.
I didn't understand what he was saying.
No, there you go.
Okay, thank you.
Okay, there you go.
That wraps up that conversation.
You couldn't understand what he's saying.
Just like what I was doing, okay?
25 minutes we had that on the air.
And look at this board here now.
We're right back to where we were at 120 yesterday.
Dead, empty, blank, a blank.
We've gone from two weeks of hysterical response here to nothing.
Because everybody, like I said, like I just said moments ago, everybody and their brother has veiled out.
And by the way, how come line, welcome line one isn't ringing?
They don't ring in order.
Well, guess what?
You hear any dial tone on line one?
Mr. Rexpert?
What?
No.
I didn't know.
I just punched it up.
That's why you see lines selected.
But do you hear anything on it?
No.
No.
So is this phone system working right?
No.
See me that that's part of our problem.
And here again is the fact that Greg Reed instead of being so worried about some fan of radio station at 1900 on the dial that nobody can pick up.
But I know I keep repeating this day after day after day.
And I keep telling you that I don't give a **** anymore.
But it would sure be nice if we're going to do a talk show especially where we're up against these odds.
They have a phone system that worked.
Is this one working?
And then of course line 70 of the day.
Is that working now?
Yeah, that one.
Okay, let's check these all.
See which ones work.
Three at works.
Four.
Five.
Oop.
Five.
That one don't work.
And six.
Yeah, there we go.
So some of our lines work.
Some of them work.
Some of them don't work.
I wonder what that was going on here yesterday.
This is just unbelievable.
It's incredible.
Every day you come in when you're working in a patchwork radio station.
And these guys are worried about a station on 2400 on the dial that nobody in the world's got a radio that can pick it up.
Instead of getting their acting out of this guy in place.
Here's line one.
And here's line five.
Okay.
Five six seven.
Oh, seven.
Yeah.
Has pizza money.
And BDS Mask.
408.
555035ielen.
50816 metal 505'50嗯.
Piled bit and then a cable.
C cash.
ателя bye bye.
I love Casey.
I loveigi.
Anything else?
Anything?
and find how you do it okay
uh... i just called to say i love y'all show
what would be between like ten and two uh...
i'm from he's in texas yes sir
and i just wanted to call and say hi i'm a radio guy myself really
mom started her then
you know you guys were talking the other day uh... about i guess was three or
four in the afternoon
about nobody was talking about sports
well i must have been hanged that's uh... after my time
yeah maybe that was hanged
but i was just
hey stupid yeah
yeah i know i'm stupid i know i didn't say that hang said that i said
hey stupid i didn't know i'd i'd better i'd better
okay well i'll say jay stupid
but he wasn't talking about sports and nobody else was
and and i thought i'd call up and did you guys see that gal
during the soccer game to the backflip
yeah i saw the picture of it yeah
did you see her do it in live action on me
no i did not work because i would have been watching the soccer game and of course
i would not have been watching that no
but they had it on news rewires
yeah
and but you miss the big one man i would love to meet the big one what does that
mean
well i got the big one here
yeah i got that
okay five six seven million from texas where everything is bigger right
but look at their bullcrap
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line
here's a mobile in south Miami hello
hey me oh yes sir
the commercial that you want to have the one right over the girl that now
still sure right
you know what
the guy behind them in line with the newspaper in his hands
and i know
he's got a daily news in his hand and he's got a headline on it that's the funniest part of the commercial
i know what it is
you got to look for it
okay but are they still running that spot
i think so but i don't want to ruin it for you because it'll be so much fun here if you see it actually on the commercial
it's even funnier than the guber looking up
a bag boy
paper or plastic paper or plastic
now i thought the commercial but i heard that i thought of the fight thing i've ever seen and i just noticed the other day
that i might on the on the newspaper
so i'm probably going to ruin it for you but i hope you get to know you
okay i'll look for it
i have a paper to
yeah they're doing a thing now and because everything of course now with a millennium we've got list of this and list of that in a greatest
things and a greatest people and a greatest athlete and are all full of crap of course but it's something to talk about
but uh... so now they're doing a thing with the greatest commercials and television history
and i mean like where's the beef that was okay clear up peller all right you know there's some cute ones that they're showing
but the one with uh... with the still short i mean that's i don't care what anybody says that number one
there's nothing that's even close
uh... still short
and that dramatic organ music and they're looking back and forth there's the six pack of bloodlite
near the role of toilet paper and back and forth and forth and paper or plastic
hey guys need to be seen and they grabbed a little paper receipt out of her hand like uh...
and she does like a double-take like that
just like that
five six seven o five fifty we got a screw-up phone system by the way anybody working on that in the building
of our engineering people working on this is our program director involved in this to get our phone
fixed in this guy day room i would like to have just one time in my life one month
any month pick a month may december june whole new whatever it is one month where everything in here works
every day for every day of the month oh my god
you're starting to get real pushy now mister you want to get paid and have something works to
now you're getting really carried away
here's a mobile in kindle hello
all the abortion clinic you rate them we scrape okay great thank you so much he waited five minutes for that
five minutes for that well i guess you got nothing else going on right sir uh-huh
here's my any hello
my any
okay nice talking to you too
here's the must be line checkers mobile in my me hello
hello new god yes sir
you don't okay
i want to ask you question before i i critique because i don't have a knowledge of radio
and maybe you could answer it before you keep what
well i i listen to your station all day long because my job requires me to be out
in my car and uh... one thing that i would like to hear i'm never going to hear
and that's you conducting one of these interviews
for example of this guy so one of the things i don't know
crochet never hear that why would i put a little bit good like him on the show
right but what i'm saying is that i why here people interviewing people which which is fine
and they throw them all these green book questions
then after they hang up they
they've madmouth them and that's something i don't understand then one time
i called about it and i think that if he's really tough with these people on the radio
then the people will never come on that that's right that's like a lyric king man tell you like john
Henry you know he was sucking up in time to john Henry for a long time there and had him on the show
a couple of times and all john Henry i know so i am in the audio and i've got him
he stiffed and perlunched something a couple weeks ago and i've got him he's an asshole you know i mean i don't
that that's just uh... the way it goes like i said i don't i don't understand and that's why i
should maybe in radio that's the way it's got to be but i really kind of find something kind of
real hypocritical about that and i get the feeling that if it was you doing that i would i would
think you hear you interview these people and really ask them the real dirty questions and see what's
going on ask them the dirty questions you know what i'm saying yeah
you know hypocritical stuff yes i don't wait my time with the interviews i agree with mandatron i
guess there are terminal well i know you what i know that you were new is just me dreaming of
something like that because i'm sick and tired of the cream for stuff and then the hypocritical
stuff after they hang up and batten up and have a great thing calm down is a little bit hysterical
just calm down it's not important do you understand what i'm saying no not important sir just calm down
relax five thousand years from now nobody will give a crap about what those that i'm qa m yesterday
family did that like that is what he said and go to the great liatis glad all that all the
guys are going to show up and go to the great for good call the very kids are all screwed up today but
yeah that's what for 25 minutes i want to pop up uh uh uh uh uh uh uh
stand on the way that godfather's deep will will be coming to get us to work with
princess forward gaba goon presents godfather for starring the in order the caprio
cap maybe that's not such a good idea look we're talking about a crooked cop the kind of
cop that rates bookstores yeah well you just make sure that guns behind the toilet i don't want to
walk in out of there with a stick in his head but what if there's a glory hole
godfather i come to see justice for my daughter's right in there okay these two young boys what
they relate to and java tower in her mouth and chopper legs off with a shovel
i want them dead godfather these two boys where they cute
yes oh two boys
oh sicko they're so glory oh who's there they're having a party
the play my favorite song
did you know they had the UC change to pull me under the water
woo woo yes it's lea and order the caprio we don't know why
hey i couldn't get any more steady live wallet i got a great idea we can have Leo play the young
sonny corleone which is what the rumor is and we can have Ricky martin play el martino the young
el martino huh yeah i can't you see Leo like he could slap out that's right it's marlin
brando while anyway he'll slap him up the side of the push straighten his ass out yeah
lauderdale i've been looking for this i cut clip so damn many things out here today couldn't
find his lauderdale side favorite for dome downtown area catches henry's eye you know something
again the newspapers put stuff in there with a straight face like we're supposed to believe this
stuff oh yeah downtown four lauderdales emerged as the leading site for a retractable
low baseball stadium for the marlin two baseball sources said last week marlin's owner john
henry mentioned a proposed site off federal highway north of lasolas in the vicinity of the
grayhound bus terminal there you go
a funding is still a large obstacle for a new stadium henry who hopes to have a new
stadium in place in four or five years would prefer most of the cost paid by the public what a
shock that is he'd prefer that we pay for it and he's shopping around finding a site where we
should build it for him sound familiar huh five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
AT&T line on the few lines that are working here today here's a mobile informer hello
hey Neil how's it going okay sir i heard you talking about the road rules i have to agree with
you 100 percent boy that is a terrible crappin this new crew they got his road killed it really is
and like you said they should bring a back i mean boy everybody seemed to like that guy didn't
everybody liked it men went in children animals the uh the top green show have you caught that yet
i was talked about it for an hour yesterday yes i that is uh i don't know if you like it and i
i love it is that you want to know isn't that i tell you i just love one and i think you know
what i've made hangs interview with them so great yesterday is if hangware stuck some dog crap
on a microphone in front of the zone although i think to be honest with you did just kept on talking
let me ask you Neil did you see the tom green show when they were on the cruise ship for spring break
no okay you got to try to get that as somebody said it was so funny i it was the that was the first
time they showed tom green before his show came on the MTV yeah he uh took uh in the middle
of the night he took a a big fish and he was knocking on the crew members door saying he had a
fish sandwich for him he had a two piece of the bread with this huge fish yeah and you know
everybody of course on the cruise ship couldn't speak any english so they loved this guy was just
a wacko you know how he is but uh it really it's it's funny to see some guy like that finally come
along who thank god for tom green man thanks to those Canadian Jay he is really hilarious okay god
bless you sir have a great life five six seven oh five sixty she's always a little delayed
reaction on the show i talked about that for like five hours yesterday in a four hour show and
not today hey have you ever heard of tom green who five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
on the AT&T wireless line here's a mobile in Miami hello Neil yes sir i do it good morning okay
Neil first time call i just really have one thing to say i pop a one okay great uh that's the guy
too by the way you know sir first time caller that's why it sounds like all right but the one
ball the same guy well at least he sticks to his line anyway five six seven oh five six eight pound
five sixty on the i'm going to you know i'll try this till about eleven thirty then i'll go to the
music because it's already the year is just about half over now ain't it yeah June 29 and not once
this year if i really had a resort to that last summer had a resort to it every day every single day
crank it up wind it up threatening with the music you know play the game but this year
knock on four micah knock on his cheap god damn table we got and maybe we would during during the
time we play the music maybe some engineers can come in here or some phone company people
get our phone straightened back off with the days when somebody might try to call us which would be
nice never in the history of radio i mean when i tell you that nobody around here gives a crap
about anything that's not just a humor that's not just being a funny guy that's the god damn
fn truth right there okay we just plain don't care here's a mobile and coral spring hello
yes sir okay listen i have a purveyor of medicine for you a very fine guy was very close to
his it's generally in 441 meaning meaning what not to fall for deer i'm not going to eat that crap
uh deer no way how about buffalo no how about chikolaga how about Syracuse I'm sure how about
Rust the most Syracuse he is very high I'm not eating no meat well can i just tell you his name no
so when we're getting back to the list all thank you very much for reminding me about my allergies
since so we have no calls yeah one of the things i'm allergic to and of course i'm sitting here with
the thing of uh planners and nuts with a can that i got from public slimes night when i went to
a list in the zoo and uh what's on the list here things i'm allergic to almonds cashews hazelnuts
walnuts and of course onion and wheat and like i said ice cream cow's milk and beef beef is on here
and i've been eating all this meat on the end can that's the problem that's the chigarine wood pile
right there now chicken and not allergic to or lobster or scallops which i love or shrimp no more
beef no more meat oh that's the end of earth chris too bad sorry of course i could go there and eat
lobster but why should i do that why should i do that when they treat you so shabby like they did
a couple of Fridays or Mondays ago whenever it was you know i'm not i'm not going back i'll go get
some great seafood i'll go to legal seafood give me some lobster that's what i'll do assuming of
course that this thing is accurate which i have no way of knowing because uh you know if he
wouldn't have brought the nutritionist and he would have had me sold because the rest of this
stuff that he brought me was pretty much right on target you know about the wheat and about the
milk and so on anybody else do these alcat test and uh this allergy because this is the new big thing
you know every six months we have something new and exciting to uh get your money out of your pocket
and this is the new big one five six seven oh five sixty you see it bothers me that that line one is uh
yeah it bothers me looking at that it just gives me a psychological
green fart looking at that thing on the screen knowing of course that that's not going to flash
because it's broken okay it's broken are you listening duck are you listening Greg are you listening
anybody in this building huh you care no okay i mean once the guy belly aching about we got some
other lines there the fact that's a few of them work some of them don't some of them might some
of them might not the fact that i might screw up the whole nobody cares about that because it never
worked right in the first place does the rotor be worked the way it's supposed to no
what are you screaming about just calm down just we've worked back to that guilty of philosophy okay
they let you lot better when you say i don't give a sh** there you go that's more like it that's
the qa mf in way you're always talking about day counting sh** oh i'm sorry
we run we run we run we run we run we run we run we run we run we run we run we run
we run we run we run we run my mother how hard i tried
she can't find a reason to watch these tv shows each and everyone blows
They have the same cute puns lined and that same cheesy left-right.
They show them all season long.
That's why I'm singing this song all.
These summer reruns really by.
Really by, really by, really by.
I feel something inside me say.
That's when I'm video to day now.
The summer reruns really by.
Really by, really by, really by.
Really by, really by.
I feel something inside me say.
That's when I'm video to day now.
It's 1115 at 560 WDQA in the home of, I'm not really sure what were the home of anymore.
Maybe it's just crap.
That could be it.
And anyway, here's the letter from Peter and you need to swanson and crawl spring through the paper this morning.
Another one of the worst letters ever written in history of human race.
Both my wife and I read with what's concerned the recently published article R rated movies will require IDs.
Does any intelligent adult really think that President Clinton and the President of the National Association of Theater Owners are correct in claiming this will have a significant impact on what our children are seeing in the theaters?
Have we now totally abandoned the idea that Hollywood could ever accept even the slightest responsibility for what is happening to and with our youth may it never be?
A famous author once wrote that people should practice and think on whatever is true honorable, right, pure, lovely, of good repute excellent and worthy of praise.
Perhaps if Hollywood adopted this premise is the acid test used to determine whether or not a movie was produced.
We just might see a positive adjustment in the behavior patterns of our children.
No, Peter and Needis Wanson and Crawl Springs were living in La La land in a dream world.
You know, when Dracula came out back in the early 30s where kids running around biting each other on the neck.
No, when Frankenstein came out where people steal other people's brains, they were probably going to build monsters and crap like that.
No, no, no, and I could go right on down the list.
But perhaps if Hollywood, if those juu producers out there in Hollywood would just start making some better crap, you know, if we could have a lot more bandy come home and lasty don't leave in the first place, stuff like that.
You know, then we would have all this, what is it?
Bandy was very violent.
Well, I got news for it. This guy was just telling us where to get bandy for lunch and dinner.
So that'll teach you, bandy.
No more of that crap.
No more of that crap, bandy.
See you later, dear.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hey, one of Dracula came out. I've been some girls after right after.
You know, love a long time.
You wish.
Listen, do you remember in the Saturday night live a long time ago when Damon Wanson, he was on.
He used to have a, there was a skit about the gibberish talker.
It was like a guy in jail, black guy.
Yeah.
And he would say, I, you know, I procrastinate the stipulation of the, and using all these big words that made no sense whatsoever.
That's what the Zo and everybody sounded like yesterday.
Absolutely, correct.
Right on target, man.
And last comment on the Tom Green show.
Some of the funniest things I've ever seen were one time he was, he would go into a store and he would go to the store.
And he would pick up the, the, in, in store phone and hit the page one and start painting.
Have you seen my little brother, Tommy, Tommy, come here, come here.
Yeah.
Allarias and the, the manager's trying to throw miles really good.
And that's it. That's all material.
Tom Green from President, baby.
I love you.
See you.
Here's the facts from Peter and Miami who says, I was at the Marlins game last night.
Oh, you were the one, Peter.
And there were not 12,444 in attendance.
There were only two to 3,000 max. It was pathetic.
How do you like that?
That came wasn't on TV last night either, not locally.
And of course the Metz telecast was blacked out.
They don't understand that.
On a small dish, the telecast was blacked out and we weren't televising locally here.
So you really couldn't take a look at that empty stadium there.
While John Henry of course is driving around, probably somebody driving him around in limousine.
To see where a good site would be so that we can build a new stadium, a nice retractable dome stadium.
So that when nobody is here in the heat of the summertime and it's 100 degrees in the shade,
with the same crappy team by the way, but there'll still be nobody but at least they'll be comfortable.
Those 2,000 that are there.
We're talking crazy people is what we're talking, including this David O'Brien guy who writes in his son's sentinel,
no relation to our David O'Brien on a broadcast.
And by the way, anybody out there, anybody that's got even the slightest bit of rock monis has to really feel for Joe Angel and David O'Brien.
How do you like to have to broadcast those games, huh?
Anybody out there want to do that?
No.
No.
God.
And try to like make it interesting and pretend that there's actually somebody there in the stands.
Anybody want to try that?
No.
Here's Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hey Neil, has anyone called in with a view of the Britney Spears concert?
Yeah, we had a couple of marginal calls.
Did they say anything popped out or anything?
No.
I got one out of contact.
Yeah, something popped out, but I think it was in their crotch.
Okay.
I got one quick thing for that.
I had some surgery on my right knee last week.
And before that, you know, they write, yes, on your right knee, so make sure they don't cut up on the wrong one.
And every time I looked at that thing in my knee too, I just kept hearing.
Yes.
Okay, thanks.
By the way, he's in road rules this week, and if you see, I'm sure you'll say no.
Actually, he's a marginal.
He's, you know, from the chin down, he's okay.
And he's naked a lot in the show.
Well, like all those kids.
I'm just telling you, there's nothing to choose from.
The girls forget it.
There's nobody on there you touch with somebody else's number.
Not even the ball chick.
Not the ball chick.
No.
In fact, she's, say another one.
She's not too bad.
She's, I don't know.
Sometimes you got crappy taste.
So I got to look at it.
Yeah, go ahead and look at it sometimes.
And then they got two sparsches on their course because every show in America now has got to have a token number of sparsches to be politically correct.
So we have to have, you know, and, and the guy, and by the way, whoever heard of a guy named here, that's his name.
That's his kid's name.
His name is, yes.
I'm sure it's not his real name.
You're sure of that?
You've been checking names.
You've been checking names in America lately?
His name is, yes.
Okay, do you believe it?
No.
His name is, yes.
Hey, are you, yes?
No.
Sure, so we could do like a 45 minute skit on that deal.
You know what I'm saying?
No.
Yeah, you do it.
Yes.
56, hey, beats the hell out of this about begging for phone calls here.
We're talking to ourselves.
Why don't we just shut the thing down from like the 25th of June until Labor Day?
How do you, let's take a vote.
Ah!
We'll just run the spots.
We've got to make the money from the spots because Greg would pee in his pants if we didn't get the spots in.
That's the only reason we're here, by the way.
He doesn't give a crap.
They pay us.
They pay us to take the whole goddamn summer off.
Okay, and get out of there here.
If we just make sure we get the spots on.
And as far as, you know, whether anybody's listening to spots, I mean, did we ever care about in the first place?
No.
Huh? Let's ask, yes.
What do you think?
No.
Okay, thanks, yes.
567.
It's just like the phone thing here, you know?
Any other radio station I ever worked at?
The program's directly be running in.
The engineer would be up here.
We have the full company on the phone.
They'd be running and doing something, you know?
Are they doing anything here?
No.
What?
What is that?
Line 8.
Line 8, what?
You need the answer for the yes thing.
Oh, you have an answer for yes?
Ah.
Hello?
Hello.
Can you hear me?
No.
Yes.
Okay, that was just the crazy noise on the phone.
That kid's name is yes.
I saw the real world casting special.
And I thought that too.
He said his parents were like some jippy people.
And he has, I think, a sister with some strange name also.
I mean, if there's a moon unit zappa, there certainly can be a...
Yes.
Oh, exactly.
And by the way, I do watch it, I sure do.
I do a lot of my friends who are in their 30s and 40s.
Why not?
I can.
There's a bunch of hot guys on there.
You know, they had a...
You watch the show at 11 o'clock, that's sex.
So whatever they call that thing.
No, not usually.
It's not that.
It's not on Monday night at 11 o'clock.
So it's like a sex...
So kids call in with these sex problems, which I think most of them are made up.
The first call last night, and there were a reason I watched those, because 98 degrees was sitting on the panel.
But anyway, so the first kid calls up.
He's 20 years old.
He's somewhere in JoJo, okay?
So he's probably doing a sister.
But anyway, he's dating this 18-year-old girl.
And the girl's mother who's been divorced for six months is...
She walked in on him.
She was the girl.
The daughter was giving him oral sex.
And the mother walked in one day.
And he got all embarrassed and left.
And then the mother started calling him and saying, I like what I saw.
And I want you.
And the mother, who's like probably out of 38-40, she wants this 20-year-old guy.
And then the sex therapist, they got on their disguise saying, oh, well, she's out of her mind.
She's completely crazy.
And you've got to get away from her.
Well, why is that?
Why is this guy giving such ridiculous advice?
Whoever heard of like a 38-year-old woman that wouldn't get turned on into a good, looking 20-year-old guy?
Exactly.
And this is the kind of advice they're given.
Well, I never saw the show.
I actually do watch the news at 11 o'clock to see what's going on.
There you go.
There you go.
But I always make sure to catch real world and road rules first, though.
Okay.
Take care.
Don't forget his Nancy Reagan said just say, yes.
Yes.
See ya.
Okay.
Here's Greg Reed walking in with a big smile and a face like he knows what planet he's on.
Does he know what planet he's on?
No.
No, Uranus maybe.
He is peeing in his pants.
Man, in fact, he's got you in Allison with him.
She brought all these depend undergarments because he changed it under where air be five seconds.
Bapapapapa.
What are we going to do?
What are we going to do?
Sooner, sooner, sooner, sooner, sooner.
Although, why?
What are we going to do?
I got news for you.
One more Zoa interview on this station and they got a 20-year right off the bat, okay.
Just automatic.
Just all the people we show up there to 1700.
In fact, I'm going to start promoting 1700 on the dial because we don't get any promotion here on QAM.
So I'm going to give them promotion.
How do you like that?
Because we don't get one dime, not a billboard, not a sandwich board, not a goddamn guy running up and down.
Lincoln Road Mall with a goddamn sign.
Now, one of those planes that flies over to ballpark when there's 200 people in there.
Nothing zero.
Zibbady Doodah.
That's the kind of promotion we get here on QAM.
I'm going to start going back to that contract of mine and playing hardball.
You know what I'm saying?
No.
Do you believe it?
No.
Of course not.
Not as long as those chefs keep clearing every year a couple of weeks.
And sometimes they actually show up on time.
By the way, our phone screwed up, Greg.
I just mentioned that in passing.
Okay.
I want to start pitching here where I got all these important people in here, whoever they might be.
But our phone system is screwed up here in this Make Believe radio station.
Wouldn't it be great to work on a station with a real phone system?
Yeah, that would be nice.
With some real equipment that we were promised.
Oh, yeah, we're getting you a new state of the art.
No getting their phones.
I'm going to see there you go again.
Just say it again to make him happy.
I don't give a sh** anymore.
There you go.
Just get on the spot.
That's what we say.
Just get on the spot.
We don't care about anything else.
If you listen fine, if you all listen, have a great life.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Okay.
Thank you so much.
Here's a mobile in Hellendale.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Following up the sunset.
Nice seeing you, drag.
Don't come back too soon.
What is it, sir?
Something you said earlier.
I literally did a spit take with my coffee this morning when I saw the toddler story played in the upper right hand corner of the hole.
Front page lead story.
Theater light.
You're the first person to be spotted, that's her.
This is the most, I mean, I realized we've been conditioned to having two crappy newspapers in this town.
But this, this is so unbelievable so that it's either this boring here or else these people have totally lost their mind.
Tamika Simmons, whoever she be, she writes this story and they put it on the front page about this little girl who got a booboo on her leg because she fell down on the light of the movie.
You know, I did a spit take like I have a B movie with my coffee.
But you know what really plays it up even more in this town about the small town idea with the media.
Somebody called in already about last night though with OJ on the news, he's coming to town.
Honest to God, every time some sort of half celebrity TV and celebrities were spawning and jerking and spunking and flying.
Every time OJ, every time OJ Farts, we got to hear what flavor it is.
Listen, one more thing on the animal material is gone.
Did anybody call in yet about the big hazard eye over the Tarzan cartoon having no blacks in it?
No.
That's a big tease in the paper the other day.
There's a black hole in the eye.
I mean, you realize that Tarzan was in the jungle.
How can you be in the jungle where I mean black people?
Oh, extremely upset that blacks are not given a role in the movie.
Yeah.
Can you imagine if blacks were given the true role in the movie?
Well, let me ask you this.
How many blacks are in McGillagurilla?
Have a great day, sir.
I don't know.
What are we going to do about that Tarzan in our midst?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Yes?
I thought they were always...
Don't start making a bunch of racist comments.
You little racist, Rick.
No, the black people about the Tarzan movies, the Johnny Wise movie, they were always very upset that the black people were portrayed as tribal people.
Yeah, of all things.
And what about eights?
What about them?
Well, if they would have had black people playing eights, they'd have been pissed off about that too.
We're black as a matter of fact, except for...
You know, black people?
Neil Rogers.
Hi.
That sweet, I guess, the craziest thing.
I've knew the open to learn to keep on it.
And then I hit the street to go check out my doubt.
And what happened was, while I was on it, there was a black guy standing on the door of us.
I said to him, I was out, and he'll flood what's going down.
And he looked at me, and if I was some kind of freak, and you won't believe what he called me.
Jacoboos, Jacoboos, how did you like it?
Jacoboos, Jacoboos, fast and you don't like it?
Jacoboos, Jacoboos, the honky don't like it.
Jacoboos, Jacoboos, the honky don't like it.
He said he'd finally pay for you, and he'd close out his gun, and never meet you.
I'm just learning to be honest with him on one.
And he didn't say that he said he has less than one old dude.
A box, a box, a new box, a box, a box, a box, a box.
As I lay there, I thought I was dying.
Someone called the paramedic, and I presume.
Then another dude said, man, you pathetic honky people.
Do the honky people, and it will be just as you.
Jacoboos, Jacoboos, how did you like it?
Jacoboos, Jacoboos, fast and you don't like it?
Jacoboos, Jacoboos, the honky don't like it.
Jacoboos, Jacoboos, the honky don't like it.
All right.
Jacoboos, Jacoboos, the honky don't like it.
It's all I made, it's my 5.60s of an inch.
I like to pick on cars, and they can't win for me.
I'm just the concurrent.
You know what I'm talking about?
You know what I'm talking about? Come on, let's go.
Come on, you can do it.
Thank you.
Hey, there's no thing on the end of that.
Don't you understand? You didn't put that in there,
so there's no trip.
What do you get now?
Now you're start blaming somebody like Rob McGreeper,
somebody defenseless who can't defend himself.
Somebody you have pathetic.
5.670560, 0.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile and Davy. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Okay, I was just curious.
Did you see the Broward section of the Miami Herald today?
Yes.
Where they're looking to pass second cent gas tax.
Yeah.
They're trying to sneak it through at four o'clock this afternoon.
Uh-huh.
Where everybody's out of town, right?
That's correct.
That would be great for John Henry.
That's probably why he's shopping in Fort Laudabale,
so they can sneak another tax through for him to build a stadium.
All right.
And then the immigrants in Miami are rushing to get their driver's license
so they can all drive up to the new stadium that we're going to build.
Oh, yeah.
Did you see that?
Hold your breath.
They're not going to the stadium that we got,
much less going to some new stadium in Broward County.
Forget about that.
But it's unbelievable.
They're going to the Sograsse, man, to get some currency exchange.
That's what they're going out there for to change in their pesos.
But it's unbelievable that's how it's...
It's unbelievable.
Just like the Penteasale tax and date cut,
that they're going to have the election in the end of July on a Thursday,
which we've never had elections in Thursday in the history of this town,
when everybody's definitely out of town to try to stick that through there,
so we can have more metro rail.
Yeah, just what we need.
Okay.
God bless us, sir.
Okay.
We have the Passport Officer because it's hopeless here, baby.
You got a bunch of corrupt gangsters running this place,
and the newspapers are on the front page.
And by the way, is there any follow-up to that prostitution ring in Kendall?
No.
Which, you know, they told us there were cops from every goddamn force.
Like I said yesterday, you know that they know the names of whoever these people were.
Is there any follow-up to it in either paper today?
No.
But on the front page, we get the story about the little girl,
got a booboo, she fell down at the movie theater.
I'm going to tell you something.
You people, if the newspapers in this town, you're at a disgrace.
Everyone you should put in your resignation before noon today,
which don't give you too much time.
Scroll it out on a piece of paper,
or have somebody else write it out for you and sign an X.
Theater lights burn top, or I picked that thing up this morning,
and I looked at it and I thought,
what in God's name am I back in Canondagwood, New York?
And I'm not exaggerating the Canondagwood Daily Messenger.
This is a town of 10,000 people.
If some little girl would have fallen down at a light of the movie theater,
it wouldn't have made the front page of the goddamn Daily Messenger.
It makes the front page with a photo, no less, in the goddamn Sun Sentinel.
I saw a cat stuck up a tree yesterday.
Maybe I should have said that.
I saw somebody stick her cat up his neck and I didn't get on the front page.
Roy Foster claims he stuck that black big thing over there up his neck and I didn't get on the front page.
God damn it.
Probably should have.
Roy!
That would have been a big story.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
So that was the beastly stand-in door before with Greg.
That was the brain trust.
Good thing they stuck their head in here when I was screaming in the out about this crappy cheek phone system.
That doesn't work.
Of course, we hear they've been selling a lot of their stations lately.
With all that money that they're getting from those other stations they're selling,
maybe they might get a phone system that works or some equipment that's like this car machine
that's from the 15th century replaced that.
Oh, I doubt it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Oh, and of course that's what I was saying here talking about promoting 17.
I'm a nice guy there, Neil.
Excellent.
Great.
That'll teach him and yelling about the fact that we don't get one dime worth of promotion in this place.
Excellent.
I had no idea who those people were, but now I feel like I was, I'm like, they had some kind of a six cents.
Here's a mobile and Kindle.
Hello.
Hey, Neil. How are you doing?
Great.
I'd ask you why the blacks can play that weren't in Tarzan.
If they're going to complain, if you can plan about all the movies, you didn't hear them complain about not being in Shinder's list.
Yeah.
Why have they started complaining about that?
Let me ask you, were they in Snow White?
Absolutely not.
I mean, was it called Snow Black?
No.
I don't know.
I was called Snow White.
Yeah, the reason why I was calling you.
By the way, there were a whole bunch of white characters in there named Dopey and Sneasy and Stupid and Goob.
And were any white people complaining about that?
So cut the crap already.
Okay, and go back and spit out your watermelon seed.
Exactly. The reason why I was calling you, I haven't had a chance to call it.
The last time we had a poll question, and I didn't get the call in, and I was going to go, no.
On that one.
Okay, thank you.
By the way, our poll question today is, how many sparks do you need to move out of North Miami Beach before the Jews come back?
56670560, huh?
No, we just want a number.
How many need to move out?
Like, I mean, not to anywhere, like to word George Lewis Hollywood.
56670560, 0560, on the AT&T wireless line.
That's a good poll question.
Have the Jews come back to North Miami Beach?
No.
Huh? And they come back to North Miami?
No.
Miami Beach?
No.
Anywhere?
Too frusty, Nads.
I guess you must have some neat-year-olds, Walter.
Or 10 or 11 o'clock.
Well.
I know that you keep on checking up my phone.
Don't blame you because I'm still repeating.
Check out my breath, they're poking out my little teddy bear.
All right.
I'm about to sing right now.
Of my soul.
She's underage.
She's underage.
She's underage.
She's underage.
She's underage.
She's underage.
She's underage.
She's underage.
She's underage.
She's underage.
She's underage.
She's underage.
She's underage.
She's underage.
She's underage.
She's underage.
She's underage.
Got some exciting news.
Thanks to my close-personal friend, Barbara Sloan.
That's for you, Barbara.
That was the end for Channel 4 when they screwed over Barbara Sloan.
Everybody said, goodbye.
Hello.
I used to watch Channel 4 and I'm not really sure why.
Just by default.
Just to see how bad they are.
Just to watch you.
I can't even think of her name anymore.
I just got to sing it a little while ago.
Don't tell me.
I won't.
Because I forgot.
She's got the thing on her lip.
That big ugly thing.
What the hell is your name?
Ah!
Oh, man.
But anyway, it'll come to you.
What the hell is your name?
Well, I'm Channel 4 and a 5 o'clock news.
Your name is somebody we'll call in.
What about the QAM?
QAM?
Okay, get her phone.
Get a real phone.
Okay.
See, nobody even knows what her name is.
What about the QAM Channel 4 line?
Angelou Ray.
Thank you.
See, this audience, man.
It may not be too many of them out there.
Plus, our phone system may really be screwed up.
Because the beesleaf and Greg read us such a bunch of cheap pastries.
But nevertheless.
So Barbara Sloan factors me this from electronic media.
And this is some of the best news.
And you want to know why this is great news because...
We know, Joing, too sperm.
No, that's not it.
Get the weather here.
What do you have because...
What the hell is happening there?
Lamy!
Get at it, sucks.
There you go.
See, it was worth going through that for.
By the way, do we care that OJ is having lunch right now in the grove?
No, we don't.
I don't want to hear any more about frickin' OJ, okay?
Screw OJ.
Oh, by the way, Roy stuck his head in here.
He says next time because OJ isn't town now.
He wants the double-ended one.
There are the dildos.
It's got to head on both ends.
But at any rate.
Well, I guess maybe then the two of them can see eye to eye.
As in...
Brown eye to brown eye.
But anyway, here's the story.
It says, key execs leave wacky.
Wamy TV.
Oh my god, wait till you hear this.
This is...
Lamy!
Get at it, suck.
Could be sign that City Vision is getting blurry, it says.
Despite the departure of several key executives responsible for the wacky launch of USA Networks Wamy TV,
my Mimy company insiders insist they remain committed to Barry Dillers locally-oriented programming format.
Yeah, like the Munsters.
That's promoted locally, right?
No.
Last week, USA Brand Mesh, right?
No.
USA Broadcasting Executive Vice President Doug Binsack, Binky.
Vice President for News Bill Binky.
What is it?
Binky is Mark Binky.
Well, what are...
Why would you let me read this?
Please, what difference does it make if it's Binky, if it's Stinky, if it's Winky, Dinky?
What difference does it make?
Vice President for News Bill Noodle, Felder, and Maddie Lesham.
That's Stinky, who ran the station as editor-in-chief.
We're all leaving their posts.
Mr. Lesham said he was moving back to Los Angeles with a banjo on his knee for family reasons.
This was a negotiating for a new position with USA.
Something you can handle, like maybe being attended in the washroom.
Mr. Binsack, according to the sources, was in talks with USA about backing a new production company.
Mr. Noodle, Felder, was leaving the company because of family considerations.
Maybe because of the embarrassment factor.
That might have been it.
Some observers said the departures were signed that USA was rethinking city vision,
which in Miami was launched with a full-slide of unfamiliar shows and gimmicks like Lips at 11.
Hi.
Yeah, Lips at 11. You know what she said last week?
I've got two sets of lips.
And there's still nobody watching, is what she said.
A news update in which only a female announcer's mouth is on screen.
It drew few viewers. It drew all only George.
Recently, the station has added movies and syndicated shows to its line up to attract a measurable audience.
USA has also added two senior executives with conventional station experience.
Wow, what a concept. People don't understand what a TV set is.
Huh.
Very Baker, Chief Operating Officer of USA Networks and Rick Feldman, Chief Operating Officer of USA Broadcasting.
Those moves prompt observers to conclude that when USA transforms more of its stations
from a home shopping network programming, they'll be more in the mode of traditional independent stations
rather than experiment in local programming, which was a total and dismal failure.
How is Bill Dreck doing, by the way?
Out loud. How is there a good friend, Bill Dreck? Anybody seen him?
Oh, no.
Out loud. Let's hear it from Bill Dreck. Come on, let's hear it.
Most USA insiders say that the departures were mostly personal decisions and etc. and so on, right?
Yeah. And they're lying through their teeth.
Because anybody with a brain knows...
Oh, I have me. Get at it, stop.
Right. Nice going, Maddie Lyshim. You jackass.
In fact, let's take a poll. Who's the bigger asshole?
Maddie Lyshim or Peter Boulder? There's a real tough match. God.
In fact, let's have celebrity death match with those two on there.
What I say, like tonight at 10 would be good.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. We got 1,600 open lines.
Here we got about 2,200 that don't work, but hey, listen.
Don't mess with that because the beesleaves are in the building.
You know what that means, don't you? Hopefully somebody's going to buy this joint.
Here's a mobile in Miami-B cello.
Neil. Yes, sir.
God. Long time listener, second time caller.
Were you familiar with the Kenneth Clark second harassment suit
brought against the Dave County principal? I don't know.
No, sir. I absolutely am not.
He's caused the taxpayer about almost a million dollars and they reassigned him to an administrative position
where he's only going to make 70,000 here instead of 91,000.
So what happened was that the Harold Barry disc in the back of the local section,
instead they put on the front page about tech to press the teacher accused with bribery charges.
Yeah. Amazing.
The county schools and the Harold definitely must be in bed together.
Yeah.
Anyway, did you know that?
And what about the story about the cops with the PIM cops?
Well, the process of ringing Kennell. Where did that story disappear to?
Yeah. Let's sweep it under the rug. Very good at it.
We got a girl got a booboo on her leg. That's on a front page in the Suncendom.
But we got cops horn out 16 year old girls and we can't find out who the hell they are.
The story just vanishes into thin air like Ray Milan.
Here's a rule for you, Neil. The Harold needs to publish.
Learn to read before you breathe.
Okay. Whatever you say.
Okay, we got 400 open lines here. We almost made it till noon.
It's a real struggle. But we're just going to keep banging away and banging away and plugging away for at least another day or two anyway.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18t wireless line.
You're not thinking about going on vacation now, are you?
At a time like this to abandon George and leave him with no audience and nobody in town.
Would you do that? You bet.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Okay. Great. Thank you.
Last call of day. It's Delray Beach. Hello.
Hi, Neil. Yes, sir.
Tom Green. God.
Did you see the one where he got up and?
Okay. Well, today only did six shows, pal.
And you know, to rehash them here on the air, even though you were the last call, I really don't want to do that because we've already we did it yesterday and we've done it part of the day.
They're all funny, but you have to see them. It's one of those things you have to be there to really get to feeling, you know.
But thank you so much. And we love Tom Green. That's what we need to say about him.
Vesho on TV. Watch it. 10, 30, 30 nights and one to two o'clock. They show two episodes back to back on MTV on Sundays.
Got it. Okay. It's great. But you got to see it.
We can't keep rehashing the time green show here on the radio because it's like listening to those interviews yesterday, coma inducing.
You know what I'm talking about? 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
I'm going to start reading all the foods that I can eat. That should take another hour and a half. That'll give us almost up to 130.
Did we have any calls about this?
Elk cat the allergy test today? No. Nothing.
In fact, we have an eight calls about anything here today. All we had calls about was four or five people went to the Britney Spears concert.
And there was nothing but eight year old kid there. They were all upset because he wasn't naked. And number two, Tom Green is great.
That's our calls today so far. And OJ's having lunch in the Grove. Isn't anybody care? No. Does yes care? No.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Is there anybody listed at the show? No. Is there anybody in town?
No. Anybody with IQ bigger than a bread box? No. Here's your field B. Chilo.
Daniel, I got a new name to add to your list of stupid names.
Yeah.
Kilo Wanda.
Kilo Wanda? Yeah. Kilo Whale?
Yeah. It was on a news, it was on the radio or on TV. And they were interviewing this girl and a drug-infested neighborhood.
And it was Kilo, Kilo Wanda. I thought you'd like that. Maybe it was Kilo. It was Kilo.
Oh, well there you go. That's what was coming in the neighborhood was another Kilo. You better be getting it straight, Mr.
You just don't got your Kilo right. 5 6 or maybe it was ready Kilo Wanda. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. You know, ready Kilo Wanda? Out in LA?
Here's a mobile implantation. Hello?
Your show has gone down. Okay, great. With a call like that, you're right here. It's going right in the old toilet with a voice like that.
You're throwing it down when you got a sock over it in the phone too.
But thanks for listening. Like I always say to assholes like you. Thanks so much for listening to the thing you arrived here at 5 60 WQAM.
See because anybody with a brain doesn't call up for sure and say your show is going to put a sock over it in the phone too.
They go and they find something else to do that they might enjoy.
But have a nice day and go back to New York by the way when you're finished or sooner was the case maybe.
Here's a mobile informed lottery. Hello? Hello, Neil. Yes, sir.
You know, you just mentioned a subject that I absolutely forgot what the hell you were talking about.
But I'll mention the new sports station. You can't refer into it as AFN.
Yeah. The multi-lingual person that I am if you can believe it or not, AFN and German actually means monkey.
Yeah. So I think that's a...
Maybe there's some kind of a racial overtone there. You never know. Probably somebody to get upset about it.
Could actually be that. All Neil.
I've got to go with the hell.
I've got to have some to do with the more test pieces throughout. Okay, well, thank you anyway, sir. I'll still leave her.
I'll feed her soon.
Which one? Uber, Alice. I'm sorry. 5 6 7 0 5 60.
This train is out of hands of the German police. And I said, oh, 5 6 7 0 5 60,
0 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
You know, the guy that called yesterday that wanted me to tell him where to go in December, I'll tell you where to go right now.
Okay, pal. Call me up any day of the week. I'll be more than happy to tell you where to go.
I mean, that was the definitive call. You know where I can go in December?
Go to the mail. Yeah, in November. Go to the mail. Yeah, whenever you like.
5 6 7 0 5 60. It's a workout today, boy, even Jane Fonda never had to work out like this. 5 6 7 0 5 60,
pound 5 60. Like I said, let's take a poll.
Should we shut QAM down from June 20th till about the Labor Day?
Come on, let's think of a vote. Let's ask, yes, what does he say? Yes, says, yeah, you say.
George says, oh, absolutely. Yeah, that's three. Yes, it's so far. Okay, anybody disagree?
Here's a mobile invoked. Hello.
Mobile invoked. Yes, sir.
Okay, get you a real phone and call me back with your spy reports. I'm sending a lady.
Woo. Heavy duty. Come on. Let's go. Let's get with it here. All five of you. Let's go. 5 6 7 0 5 60,
pound 5 60 on the AT&T line. Shut it off. Yes or no. Can you handle that? Yes or no?
Yes. Okay, thank you. See what I'm saying? There's nobody here. The only people who are here right now are the losers,
including us. We're the losers. That's why everybody in this building except George is going on vacation in just a couple of days. Thank God.
Thank the Lord for that. All getting out of here. 4 million people.
And no wonder they got it on the front page. A little girl got a booboo fell down on the light of the movie theater on the front page,
because that's the only exciting thing that's going on in this town. That's the most exciting thing that happened here in the last 24 hours.
Besides the fact our phone systems are piece of crap and they'll work other than that.
W-D-A-E-O-O-I-S-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O
W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W
W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W
W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W
I'm gonna go through what every year for the last 23 years, but this is a good refresher course.
Here's a plantation. Hello. Or homestead. Or Miami. Somewhere. Hello. Miami. 21 minutes, 44 seconds, and Miami is gone. Thank you so much for hanging on and for listening to whatever this is. Homestead. Hello.
Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. My name is Brian. I am the president of the PTA, the Police Officer's Pending Association. And I just wanted to ask you a quick question. Why do you always go to a dump like answering everyone? You can go to Germany. Now, the finest life can do exactly the same thing.
Find this one. Life. Meaning what? Meaning, uh, you're saying you hate USA so much, especially Miami. Just go over to Germany and get yourself a little left going there. How do you know I don't go to Germany? Well, you're always going to answer, damn it.
How many of you know where I'm going? Didn't I just go to the show? Didn't I just go to Cologne, Germany on a last trip? Yeah, maybe you did. And didn't I go to Berlin like a couple of years ago?
Did they fry? Let me out. And there we go. Didn't that last time I checked out the in Germany, my Nazi friend. And though they didn't fry my ass and I had a great time there, sir, and blow it out your ass and have a great day. That's what we got left. Our losers like him. That's who's in town.
Guys that couldn't get arrested at God, damn Panny Ray. That's him. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a call from Alberta.
He'll got. Yes, sir. Hey, you're talking about Tom Green yesterday. Yeah, yeah, it's really good to go. If you want, I could spend you down a whole bunch of old episodes. Great. Yeah. And one other thing, both French Canadians. I'm just as there and there as you are about them. I hate their guts and I'm sorry.
Okay, have a great day. Okay, thanks. Okay, say goodbye to the O'Ferry force to why you're at it. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line. Two calls on the board. I mean, this, you know, what's the point? What is the point of going through this exercise other than getting the spots on and trying to make a living? There's nobody out there that wants to hear this show today.
They want anything to do with the show. We got a couple of wise guys out there. We got a couple of new cranks who have no life who found a new hobby. Now, and that said, this is like I said, let's take the thing off the air for a couple of months.
Give everybody a rest. We'll run the spots like in the middle of the night when nobody's listening because there's nobody listening now anyway. Plantation. Hello.
Okay, great. Have a great day, pal. Lower it out your ass too while you're at it.
Got a little bit of a leak problem. Here's cross-springs. Hello.
Yeah, hi, Neil. I think it's time for a cook-passion time. And if it's since it's kind of light in the listener load, it's not a bedtime to do it.
Remember, we're going to week a little ago. You were talking about why people watch golf. Why does any interest in golf TV?
Well, a bunch of years ago, I used to go into college. I worked in a golf course. And the advantage was golf widows.
Where all these guys were going around a golf course, all the women were home looking for young guys to help them out.
The golf has some wonderful meanings for people like myself. We never watch it now. That's it. Have a good time.
Okay. Bye. Bye.
Look at the oxygen in the past.
Deep breath. Come on. Deep, deep breathing.
5670560, Palm 560 on the mobile one line.
Well, if we could take like a random sample of what's left here in town now, and it just started like I said the week before the 4th of July.
You don't have to worry about a lot of fireworks this 4th of July like usual because there won't be anybody around to set them off.
Or like all the gunshots, you know, under that in high alia. They'll probably shoot in the high alia.
But other than that, there ain't nobody here to mess up your time. Here's Miami. Hello.
Hello, Nell. Yes, sir. Where's the humor at Miami, man?
And when I think about that, I think about the people who used to call the show. I don't call your show.
I usually listen to everything, but I don't call. But you know, when you were on the data, I remember certain groups of guys that were called.
Yeah. A lot of little college guys in the first of Florida.
And the young living and breathing people. And the problem is those people aren't here right now.
They all get to hell out of here in the summertime. And every day with almost like an adventure because they didn't necessarily call every day.
But when they call, they have some stuff, you know, they had material right.
Yeah. And that now has got no material. Like I said, that's why the front page of the newspaper is about a little girl that fell down and got a booboo on a light of the movie theater.
And now the front page story at South Florida.
And not only that, we have so many boring people who are in charge of too much stuff around here.
Yeah. You know, you look at our baseball team, that guy. I mean, look at his face.
Yeah. And then you got, well, Pat, why doesn't he say anything? Then you get people in the news. They're all plastic. Everything is a thing.
So there you go. But anyway, I'll keep listening. I'm sure it's got to get better.
Well, thanks for the uplifting call. All right. And have a great day. Now I feel a lot better, don't I?
No. Okay. One call left at a board. I got a lot more music where the other street stuff came from.
Okay. 5 6 7 0 5 60.
Pound 5 60 on a mobile one line. Here's our last call today. A mobile. It probably last called the summer for me mobile in Miami. Hello.
Yeah. Don't you not play that.
I'm from this guy Ricky Martin. Please. I'm not playing Ricky Martin. That wasn't Ricky Martin. Good. Good. That's good. Listen.
This town goes dead. You know, every time you know, the blue hair goes away. And the.
I don't, sir. I don't get calls from blue hairs. My audience aren't blue hairs. I'm talking about it.
And talking about the whole town. Yeah. The whole town goes dead. I mean, in spite of the, uh, they're, you know, they.
Well, I must have happened. Must have happened over this last weekend because the last two weeks has shocked the hell out of me.
We've been smoking on a show. We now starting yesterday. It's like somebody pulled a plug and everybody like somebody had a guy named Bomskir.
Everybody just, uh, banded this place. They evacuated. He's actually before the.
The whole thing starts. They like go back up north and the town is like that. Yeah. Well, I'm.
This is what it's going to be like between now and Labor Day. I got news for you. I'm not coming back.
I know. Well, what's the point? They can play music in here. They can play old tapes. They can put anything on here.
They can sit there. Somebody down here go to the moon and roll like that for four hours a day and just get the spots in.
It doesn't make any difference. There's nobody want to talk to me now. It's a year. I tell you what.
It's really down. That would be the length nail on the cover. Yeah.
And I had time before we even up. I want to call my brother and my mother.
Dushbacks. Okay. And your mama. Okay. See you. He said, you mama. I can't blame him. 5 6 7 0 5 60 plus the fact that our phone system ain't exactly working too great.
I mean, a phone. They're the little I don't even want to talk about.
Coming in in very bizarre places and the poppin around. How's line one doing? By the way, hear anything on it line? Listen to that.
Hear anything there? No. Yeah. Are they working on that? By the way? No. I bet you they're feverishly getting a hold of that phone company and getting this thing straight.
Now, we don't need too many phone lines. It's a good point. You know, they probably shut a couple of them down so they can stop paying for them the rest of the summer.
We need all those phone lines for when there's nobody listening and nobody call them anyway. Good point. Beasley is nice going. You cheap bastards.
5 6 7 0 5 60. 0 5 5 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Davie. Hello.
Meal. Yes, sir. First time caller. Long time listener. All right. I was picked as an arbitraron listener. I filled out my two diaries one for myself, one for my wife last week. God bless you, sir. We love you dearly.
And for the comment section, I wrote two words. Neil God.
Neil God. Outstanding. Just thought it brightened your day. That's meant to make me feel like coming back tomorrow.
Thank you so much, pal. We love you. Okay. There you go. There's a guy. That's all we care about. Diaries, diaries, response ratings, business, money. That's all we care about.
Not doing a show and having a good time, which I actually was the last two weeks. See, this is bad. What you're doing to us now. Really bad.
Because the last couple of weeks, they're actually been having a good time here. They're thinking, hey, I, you know, don't give a crap about all this stuff anymore.
Geldie got me in the right frame of mind. Everybody's in a good mood. The phones are bringing off the hook. We actually had two or three people like the guy said, had a little bit of material. Not too much, but at least a start.
And every time this town, when you think you got it by the ass, they, you get down, baby. They just knock you right back down to your knees. Look at poor Maddie Lashem there at whammy.
There's a guy that put some real crap on the ear and has to leave here between his tail, between his legs. Yeah.
That, you know, between the guy with the diaries and Maddie Lashem leaving, I should be very good in the mood today, you know, in spite of all this crap.
It's funny. I'm not talking anybody with an IQ bigger than three except maybe four or five today.
See, that's why you know, I heard Hank a few days ago talking about somebody came to him and wanted to syndicate the show.
And he talked to Greg about it and he talked about it and decided against it because then you start talking, you know, about stuff that's going on out of town.
Well, you know, when you come right down to it, does anybody interested in what's going on in town? No.
They care about the Marlins about this stadium cram. No. Bad move, hammer. Bad move.
I'd give my left nut if somebody would come here and say, hey, we'd love to syndicate your show. And of course, if I had anybody behind me that was like, you know, capable of doing that.
So we had like 500 phone lines here and instead of spending half of the day like I did all last summer, spending half of the show begging for goddamn phone calls, which that's the stuff they put on Wendy, by the way, which is why they're showing, mashing goddamn monsters 20 hours a day.
Unbelievable. Maddie Lashem, another, another genius comes to town, huh? They come and they go and they come and they go mostly go get on a goddamn planes and fly off it and never never land.
We were so impressed with his cell phone, were we? Oh, yeah. First day he walked in downstairs on the second floor. He's on the phone talking to one of his cronies in London and talking real loud.
There probably wasn't even a dial tone, probably.
Oh, you're in London. Well, I'm here in Miami and we're getting this thing all straightened up and we're going to kick some real ass and very dillard told me that last time he was on his knees. Well,
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound. I'd rather I'd rather work for Phyllis. Excellent. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line. Miami again. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? Okay. I wanted to tell you that I watched 2020 also. That's about the only thing I watched other than the animal planet.
Uh-huh. You don't like the animal planet? No. Another thing about your callers. You always say it's the last call. Everybody hangs up. What is it? You always end up saying last call and then when I say it's the last call,
that means there's nobody else on the board. Don't tell everybody hangs up when I say that. That's the only call that's left. That's the message there. Okay.
Okay. Okay. Have a great day. Okay. You follow that. Are you folks following that? No. I'm a little bit confused. I thought maybe I was making it very clear,
but don't make make things complicated like that. You should say, okay, here's the only call we got left on the board. So this might be the last call of the day. Maybe I should start saying that.
Oh, it must be those nuts. Did anybody call or knows anything about this Alcat test? No. Yes, today before I got the results,
I got some call and asking me about this about these allergy blood tests. The results come in today. I mentioned a little bit about it without getting too boring because it is terminal about that nutrition lady who didn't know her as for my.
And then no response. There's got to be somebody out there in no matter what it is. Just like the thing with a guy named Britney Spears contest last night or her concert.
And it is like a goddamn contest. We finally after squeezing and begging and pleading, we had like the one guy he didn't even go as wife and daughter when he was upset because he didn't see her naked or whatever. And like two or three other guys went nothing to say.
So basically was all 8, 9, 10 and 11 year old girls there to see Britney. I don't understand that. To me, there's something like bizarre about that.
I would have thought there would have been like 13 and 16 and 20 and the 30 year old guys there to see Britney last night falling all over each other than I would have said. Yeah, now you're talking that makes some sense. Why do a bunch of 8 and 10 11 year old girls want to go see Britney Spears unless they're hoping someday they can have breasts like that. I don't get it. She's a role model.
Yeah, she's rolling it or maybe they would just want to see if she was going to pick her or shorts out of her crocks this time instead of the other chicken in video. Maybe that's what they were hoping for.
I don't know. Very strange. Ladies and gentlemen, if I could offer only one tip for the future.
Act strange and people will leave you alone. The rest of my advice has no basis more reliable than my own knee and the experience.
Put a slinky round your neck and try to walk downstairs backwards head first. Sit naked in a large bowl of rice crisps and sing feelings while the kernels go snuff crackle and pop.
Go up to a ticket booth and try to stick your head to the hole where they say how much.
Look stranger tell him you're from Bosnia and your country to sign a respect.
Take lots of pills. One of them might work occasionally ask the stranger they've heard anything from Lewis.
Be annoying during an IRS audit staple the guy's hand to his desk.
Moon funeral. Play go fetch with a senior dog while he's working.
Run naked through a mall yelling killer bees killer bees.
Say the word Teddy without smiling. Try to figure out who said Paulie Shore should star in movies.
Don't be surprised if it's the same guy who said John Casey should work with kids.
Ask an old lady if you can carry her groceries and try to make a run for it.
Disappear for great lengths of time. Try to touch your forehead with your tongue.
It may not work but many women will appreciate the effort.
At a high school reunion tell your old English teacher that your dog's still eating your homework.
Ask Mark McGuire to take a million dollars for one of his books.
Try to find the secret to care for top success. Understand your conception was an accident.
That your parents got wasted and wanted a few more last before they passed out.
Try not to lose your finger in your nose.
Take a bobcaspist and toss him on the long next door.
Go on a car trip with bobcaspist and force him to stay in his car seat.
Try to dribble bobcaspist.
Ask all your friends and family for forgiveness.
Knowing you you've done some crap that's really pissed them off.
Wish no there will be anyone unless you don't like them.
Then screw them around their own.
Realize anyone who says they're completely happy or completely full of crap.
Ask a hell of angel if he's a woman or as you always want like that.
Understand that there are bad people in the world and you may just be one of them.
Sniff an old lady.
Imagine Bomberpile in a gay bar trying to get lucky.
Do this without laughing.
Find what's left of your innocence. Understand it. Embrace it. Protect it.
And it is so often take it out for a nice notch.
Care enough not to care.
Hum, while you eat.
Act strange and people will leave you alone.
All right.
From 35 at 560 W.A.C., by the way, speaking of acting strange, it's not just this show.
It's yesterday I wrote a publics and I walk in there and there's a woman and an old woman.
And she's like going over to grab a cart.
I had just taken my cart and I'm like walking toward the inside entrance.
And she's like mumbling and I realize she's like mumbling at me and I look and she's not talking to me.
She's like mumbling.
In other words, loud enough.
No, well not quite like that, but she's like saying things but like not loud enough for me to hear it but like loud enough for me to know that she's taught you want to say.
Like everybody is the strange whoever is left here.
Maybe they're just all psychotic because everybody like you know abandoned us.
I know that's how I feel.
Oh line one just rang.
Oh my god, the phone company finally came in here.
Let me ask you something. Why do we need not that we don't like our friends at the phone company at least the ones that aren't screw with our phone lines.
But why is it that they have to come in here like every few days?
I mean, I've only been doing this for 172 years.
This is the only station I've ever worked there with a phone company has to keep coming back like every half an hour because the phone keeps crafting out.
Look at that.
Now that the phone is fixed.
Plenty of blind files to what happens?
Line five is working.
Oh my god.
How do you like that?
Now you know, let me just mention this about the Alcat test in case anybody cares which I doubt.
One of the things I'm allergic to one who is aspartame.
Is there anybody who drinks more diet soda in the world than I do?
No.
Not anymore.
Maybe me.
I'm allergic to aspartame.
And I've read that a lot of in fact, even on the Echins one of the things he says that's an impediment if you have an allergic reaction aspartame is aspartame.
Nutrisuite.
Okay.
And all those diets sodas.
So stick with your sole water, baby.
Stick with your sole and periae and anything else that ends in a.
How do you like that?
We finally got the phone fixed here for Christ's.
But you know, you made an excellent point.
I don't want to start ripping them too much but they deserve it because there's such a bunch of bump works there.
I didn't morning show such a bunch of pussy.
Like today, the morning, the morning that the music was banging from power 96 and they didn't have the cajones to complain about it.
Because they're a bunch of panties that are afraid of their own god damn backside, especially that beef.
And in fact, I bet you that was his mother beddie at the your store last night.
Now, I bet you was.
I bet you that was beddie that I signed that nice card to you.
I mean, you know what son of a bitch, you know what I was saying is bad things.
That's probably what she was saying.
Because before I saw her.
So anyway, yeah, beef.
We don't have the ball.
So when the phones are screwed up like this, you see if the morning people, if they actually would ever get a phone call,
which they don't, but if they get more than like one call at a time and maybe check the lines to see if they're working like we do.
Because even as slow as it is right now in the death days of hell in the summertime here in 80s.
We know that every now and then you better check the guy they am lines because this is a horse ball phone system and a horse ball phone company.
And if they do that in the morning, he'd be like, then if they did that, then I might get fixed in time for like somebody else.
And God forbid we should do that because then you won't have so much good material.
Here's the mobile and Delray.
Oh, look at that.
And there's line six.
Do any line?
That's the old line eight routine.
It just moved over to line six.
So just when you count your phone lines before they had line six is all screwed up.
I'm going to tell you something.
You people are the phone company man.
You're a joke.
Let's have a contest.
Who's worse?
The cable people are the phone people.
Who's more inept?
Just when we thought.
Look at that.
I'm going to tell them that I'm line six.
I'm going to see that over here.
Air raid.
567.0560.
Pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Oh, this is some kind of a day.
I'll tell you this is an end.
I'm going to home and write my diary, which I don't even have one, but I think I'm going to start one today.
I'm going to go home and write my little diary a few notes and say, do diary.
Oh, what is that?
What is that?
Yeah.
And you know something and the best part of it is that's one of the better calls we've had all day.
21 before 1 is 560 WQAM.
You're not ready for competition station.
I'll tell you that baby.
De訓tionalize putt in Florida.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Pound 560 WQAM.
I'm going to have to answer this video to a proper section, and that we've asked there's dongy.
Beat talking on Facebook before the Marlins lose in the match again tonight, before another poultry crowd.
and then we got Orlando L. Zaguri at 10 for ready K because that'll make very
jackass feel better we got some spick on the earth at 10 o'clock tonight.
Okay here's a mobile and sunrise hello. Hello now?
Yes sir. Hey how you doing? First time in Perpet Code I just been called to say I really like the show.
And if you want to see a good time green one you got to see the wall where he films and stuff getting drunk.
Can you see that one? No. Oh he spots a few and all over the place.
Well the guy from Alberta said he's got him all on tape so he's going to send me the video.
Good you love it is really funny. I'm green the best baby. Yeah. See you.
Let's get talking to him. Okay. Bye bye.
By the way I forgot to mention this from Jose L'Anne Beat who at least didn't mention Ricky Martin again.
They know he did mention Britney Spears though but forget about her.
That's only for the eight and ten year old girls I guess.
He says Fort Lauderdale Sex Business is on life support.
So City of Fort Lauderdale 1 Sex Industry 0 is what it says.
And appeals court has allowed the city to ban one of its longest traditions the friction dance.
Illegal in Fort Lauderdale. There you go.
Leggy strippers rubbing themselves all over bar patrons for $20 tips are going the way of the drunken spring breaker long gone.
Strippers now have to stay at least four feet away from customers and less fully dressed.
The ruling also takes away a strip bar staple slipping muddy and garter belt underwers and bras.
No more in Fort Lauderdale.
As for the dancing it's to be confined to a stage at least 18 inches high.
Everybody's going to be partying in Oakland Park now said Sex Industry lawyer James Benjamin referring to the fact that that's just about anything.
He still goes there for the time being the court upheld the 96 Lauderdale ordinance that regulates strip clubs.
It was challenged by the owners of the beach side club gum wrappers.
Of course the joint lawyers will appeal the appeal focusing on the ordinance's weird details like banning erections and adult establishments that serve alcohol.
Of course if you drink it up alcohol you can't get in the right.
So maybe that's the idea banning erections and adult establishments that serve alcohol.
How can you ban erections said gum wrappers lawyer Richard Dick Rosenbaum.
That's what Dick said.
How do you like that?
And everybody kind of sits back and goes yeah.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line we got some of our lines working out who was who all it's all that business going on here back and forth.
What is that?
That's stuff we link what's going on with the phones and what is going on with the phones.
There's one line that apparently isn't working.
Yeah all the rest of them are line seven.
You're going to get the feedback but otherwise.
I am like a fucking dial tone to me.
I'm line seven.
I don't get no fear.
How about line five?
We got feedback on five.
No.
How about one?
We got feedback on one?
No.
I don't know what he's talking about.
How about a line?
We got a what about eight?
How about my eight?
No.
Oh.
That's an old promise from the first day we came up here.
That's nothing new.
That's an old problem.
If I was somebody out there with a position of authority, I'd get one of those guys did
big horse whips like they used to pop it apart and I whipped the crap out of these guys
on the phone company even though it's probably not their guy they'd fall and beat the crap
out of somebody and say it's about fricking time since we're paying for the service and
we're supposed to be a fricking talk radio station then we get a phone system here where the
phone lines work.
Wouldn't that be nice huh?
Like I've told you over and over again for the last 500 years just once in my life
to work for somebody where they really try to make an effort to do something for you
to give you something that works.
Not that I carry you to understand that.
I don't give a sh** anymore.
That's right keep that in mind at all times but I'm just you know venting a little bit.
Just once it would be nice.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Okay thanks that was cute.
Mobile in Fort Myers hello.
Hey Neal how you doing this this afternoon?
Okay sir.
Hey I was calling the ask and I've been in and out of my truck for today.
I didn't hear you talk about the young lady or the elderly lady that over the last 20
years she suffocated eight of her children.
And she's not getting any jail time here by the way.
And she's going to get probation.
Right.
She's going to get probation taking the aboo.
She only killed the only murdered eight of her kids and then lied about it and finally
said well I guess I must have been crazy and they said okay.
Unbelievable but you're a smoke one joy and you're going to jail.
That's right you got it man.
All right Neal I'm talking to you later.
Okay squeeze it tight in your passport too.
560.
0560.
0560 on the mobile one line.
Here's Cooper City hello.
Neal God.
Yes sir.
How you doing?
I have two questions for you one.
Who's better looking?
Ricky Martin or Julio Glacias.
Julio Glacias?
Or a Ricky excuse me.
And Ricky I'm not in this world.
Ricky couldn't look and Ricky is.
I'm actually in love too.
All right.
What do you think the top five best looking male athletes are?
I don't know who do you think the top five male athletes are sir.
No I'm asking you.
I don't know who do you think they are.
Well let's see.
That Philip Pusas kid is a pretty good looking.
Mark Phillip Pusas good choice yeah.
Yeah.
Patrick Raptor.
No.
Wrong.
Grotesque.
How about a Pablo Bore.
Yeah he's okay.
He's all right.
He's all right.
He didn't know Aaron gave you.
I'll tell you that.
Who's that?
Okay.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
Palm 5 60 on a mobile one line.
Who's that?
Oh I'm sorry I mentioned a hockey player.
So you mentioned Palm Vellbury.
So I thought he might know a little something as you know.
No.
No.
Of course not.
So you're getting carried away again.
Although at least he knew who Palm Vellbury was.
See the tip off on this town by the way is you know a year ago.
It must have been right around this time a little over a year ago.
I came back from vacation.
While I was on vacation I'm reading breathlessly that the Panthers just signed Palm Vell
bury the most exciting hockey player in the world.
And I'm all sited and I'm thinking boy I can't wait to get back on the year.
How unusual that is and talk about this a little bit because the town's really
going to be all whipped up about this.
I come back on the year and I'm talking about that.
Was there any response?
No.
Who's that?
That Bore guy.
Well how do you pronounce that?
Who's that?
Oh my god almighty.
But they sure know their golf.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
Palm 5 60 on a mobile one line.
We got a few of our lines working out.
Now that it's working too good.
Here's Delray Beach.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Hi yes.
Yes?
Yeah our police force is a breeding ground for criminal activity and I have a you have
to green sociology.
I have to numerous ride along and I like to talk to Neil about it.
I like to talk to Neil about what?
Just about what they need to do to these police officers and so on and so forth.
Well what do they need to do?
What do they need to do?
Well I have a degree in it but I won't do sociology because it's a this system that
sociology is is built to fail and it just shows an example right here.
Yeah.
Okay so what you have is streets from our criminals with a badge and gun and personality disorders.
Yeah.
So the only thing that the best thing that you can basically do is you have to do that
and you have to give every cop a light detector test and every possible question.
They say they do this but they lie once again.
See they're the lie and they're the criminals.
They say they do one.
They say that they give light detector test to every police officer.
And I'll tell you this is a lie and so on and so forth.
What they say is a lie.
But they ask them the wrong questions like did you like the donuts at the surface of
this one?
Yeah.
But they ask them.
Did you make sure the coffee was fresh at 7-11 on the corner of a plantation or whatever?
And that's it and there are cops.
They're supposed to protect us.
So what we have is a bunch of criminals protecting us.
Okay and all the way up to the top one because look it takes one apple to make many bad apples.
Okay because they're social socialized into doing this.
They take one apple to make a lot of road apples right.
Okay well listen sir thank you so much for your amateur sociology lesson and I'll see you somewhere else.
Evidently.
Because it's hopeless here is what he said.
Is it hopeless here?
Uh huh.
It's what he said.
5 6 7 0 5 60, 0 5 60 on the mobile one line.
Anybody understand what he was talking about?
No.
Here's the Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes?
Hey man, what do you think about this mass murder guy in Florida?
The mass murder guy in Florida?
Yeah he's coming down on the road.
Yeah.
Yeah, two loose like tracks I think that's your problem pal.
5 6 7 0 5 60, 0 5 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's a mobile implantation.
Hello.
Meo.
Yes sir.
How you doing today?
The worst day of my life today.
This is it.
I was a guy with the arbitrage die reason, whatever else.
And the fact that he let him go can but other than that.
Yeah, a weird comment.
About three weeks ago in the Marlins one like, well like seven games in a row.
No, yeah.
Three weeks ago, yeah.
Three they have like a little spurt.
There were actually people calling the sports station saying that the team has turned around.
Oh yeah.
And if they just keep on.
And they turned around and they showed us their rectum.
There was actually one guy that called it.
They actually have a chance for the playoff.
Right.
They just keep going the way they're going.
Right.
These people don't see anything whatsoever.
Let me tell you something about baseball.
This is the reason that baseball is dead as a door nail.
And the fact is that when you have 162 game schedule and you've got 650 teams.
And only like six of them are going to make the playoffs or whatever the number is.
What's the point?
What difference does it make?
I mean, when you get to this time of the year when it's almost the first of July.
And 95% of the teams are already statistically eliminated or might as well be.
Then why should anybody show up?
The whole thing is a farce.
It's a farce.
But I think we should vote for a penny sales tax so we can build the stadium downtown.
No, I think we should build for a penny sales tax so we can put them on a bus and set them someplace else.
All right.
See ya.
56 and put an airplane on the bus too, by the way.
See ya, Alex.
You're phony bastard.
567-0560, pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Just keep giving those numbers out.
That'll kill some good time.
Let me say it again.
567.
Here's a mobile in four-loader deal.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I know you're doing fine.
You're having a great day.
But I just wanted to give you something to lighten up a little chuckle, lighten the moment a little.
I'm having a great day.
I said it's done solidly.
Oh, I'm having a good day.
I'm having a good day.
I don't know if you're having to see the paper on Sunday.
Why is it one of puke all over this counter?
Go ahead, I'm sorry.
And that's all right.
And the paper on Sunday are all wonderful coats of the Panthers.
Did you have to see where after they come out signing this check-in?
But anyway.
What about not speaking their language?
Exactly where the only thing is the book.
You know what I'm going to remind you of?
Glad you reminded me, sir.
Terry Murray, you continue to be an asshole.
You know, one of the reasons that the penguins did so well.
They had the check-as-lava in the head, Robert Lang, and I had Yager and the head Strocca.
And the fact that guys who are from other countries can speak in their native language is a very good asset to them.
And helps the little camaraderie on the team.
And Terry Murray, all of a sudden, is going to be Mr.
Maybe he's hung out in Miami too long.
He's all upset about bilingualism now.
And they're all going to speak English on the bench, or, you know, he's going to do whatever.
Another one of his little first grade rules.
Another one of his Ding Dong school deals.
And Terry Murray, get on the same bus with Mayor penis.
Get out of here. Terry, you suck.
Don't be late for the bus and don't speak in English.
Right. See you, Neil.
And have a great day.
You too.
Glad, thank you so much for reminding me about that.
Yeah. Our little kindergarten teacher there, Terry Murray,
who's masquerading as a hockey coach.
Oh, yeah, they're all going to speak English on the bench, or I'm going to give them what for.
Yeah. What for this?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 10, a mobile phone line.
We got 1,600 open lines that are actually working now.
We're waiting for you.
We're waiting, are we?
Uh-huh.
You can't see me in my head.
You can't see me in my head.
It's the one to do our...
How thoughts?
The universe, the strange and wonderful place,
and needs to be treated with respect.
Cute and cuddly teddy bears can eat you alive.
Always pay off your debts,
because you can't always count on killing the bill collector.
People prepare for things to go wrong.
They usually will.
When something is out of whack, does that mean that at some point it was in whack?
Uh-huh.
When cheese gets a picture taken, what does it say?
If you buy stolen equipment, make damn sure it can't be tracked back to you.
If you stood next to Billy Blank on top of the tall buildings and pushed him off,
we scream like a girl all the way down.
If this piano player is called the pianist,
why don't we call race car drivers racist?
If people from Poland are called Poles,
why don't we call people from Holland, Poles?
And that is the thought for today.
What kind of hole?
Season asshole.
It's 102 at 560 WDQM.
We have 42 open lines.
If you want to participate in our big gigantic award winning one and two are,
but I kind of doubt it.
5671.
I doubt it.
I mean, I'm busy looking at this thing here that John Penis got.
You know, if John Penis would spend as much time servicing the good accounts that we got on the air,
which he's got a few of those that he fell into,
like a bucket of stuff.
And he does, trying to, you know, talk me into stuff that I don't want anything to do with, you know?
If this guy would have come in here this morning without the nutritionist,
and not brought me this rotation diet list,
it just totally destroys any credibility list.
So I'm looking at this other list here with my allergies and his blood testing.
And I'm thinking, I don't know whether to buy this or not.
Because all the why can't eat mung bean.
I'll, I'll, I'll mung you one.
Okay.
I can eat okra, mung bean,
uh, rabbit,
PLAICE.
Now can you tell me what that is?
Place?
Say it again?
PLAICE.
That's on my rotation.
I can eat that.
Says this nutrition lady.
She was making some strange sounds, by the way, when she came in.
Did you hear them?
Wait a minute, one moment.
I don't know which thing that's on.
Is it on one?
Yeah, that's what she was making those sounds.
Nice going, John Pena, to you idiot.
Yeah, and I can eat the deer and holy mackerel.
Goats, cheese, hearing.
I'm going to bring, like I said, this is a cotton seed.
There you go.
That's my favorite.
Anybody eat any cotton seed?
Pena, if you water melon seeds lately.
But I haven't had, I've seen Johnny Apple seed, but I ain't never eaten no cotton seed.
Anybody in this audience ever eat cotton seed?
Maybe that's your problem.
Maybe you're allergic to it.
God, oh my, where did he find these people?
Where does our sales department find these people?
And when does somebody in this building?
Is it going to be the program director?
No.
The general manager, one of the 15 sales managers.
When does somebody in this building finally take the bull by the horns with this out of control sales department?
I realize you're spending every waking minute of the day trying to sell a bunch of cheap spots on those Marlon games.
They try to cut it into that enormous multi-million dollar loss that Greg Reed has got locked around your neck like an albatross.
I understand that, but God.
When does somebody in this building say, oh my God, this is a pile of crap we got here.
There's nobody servicing any of these accounts.
What is that ever going to happen?
No.
I thought I wanted to get started again.
You understand that, but it's embarrassing.
It's humiliating.
It's degrading.
It's just degenerating to a point.
And they're just too stupid to understand it.
They're walking around going like that.
Places of kind of fish, apparently.
Oh, it's a kind of fish.
Well, you know something.
When something, first of all, I don't eat any fish, but number two.
When something is on the list that you don't even know what it is, it indicates to me it's full of crap.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Hello there.
Yes, sir.
You only discussed the sales tax issue or not this afternoon.
What sales tax?
The one that's proposing here in the day count the extra penny.
Yeah.
Some of the facts we've heard are giving out, which Mayor Penelope is hiding from the public.
Yes, sir.
Go right ahead.
They keep talking about $84 per person.
So if the family afford you to take someone who's in the poor area, Carol's city, or a little Havana or something,
the family afford you to pay over $300 or something on a dollar.
The other thing that you don't tell you about is just penny sales tax.
If you're paying rent, that's going up.
The utility bills are going to go up.
Right.
Your tax at the gas pump is going to be another two cents a gallon more tax.
Right.
And then the ballot itself is a blatant why.
He says he can eliminate all tolls.
Part of the plan is to add two new tolls.
Right.
And take off the four tolls.
Right.
The term spike is not going to be a thing.
No, because it's not a county thing.
It's a state thing.
And they can't, they can't have anything to do with the term spike.
So that's another why, right?
And that's that's a lie.
You're still going to have the Rick and back of the cause,
which is doing to go for another toll increase.
Right.
So everybody's going to get hit.
And they say, well, the tourists pay one third.
If this people will look back and say quit hitting the public here.
With all these taxes, we're getting raped here, is hit the tourist.
Let the tourists, you know, all those people are going to the port of Miami use the buses.
If you're spending $1,000 on a cruise, are you going to stop or not take the cruise
if you have to pay next to $10?
Of course not.
So hit those people.
That's right.
Stop hitting the four bastards that live here.
That's right.
The rental car.
And they already admit that they, you know, it's really amazing.
They already admit that the Metro Rail was the biggest boom dog.
A little billion dollar boom dog.
I'll ever put a run of public here.
And now they want to expand it.
Right.
And where do you think the mayor went on Saturday morning after Dateland,
where he was trounced in the Dateland at the town meeting there?
Yeah.
He goes to Carroll City to a prayer breakfast.
He tells all those people in Carroll City, we're going to run Metro Rail right up 27th Avenue.
He's going to run it right up our rectum.
What he's going to do.
And then you've got this commissioner in Broward.
You've got a commissioner named John Beret, who's come up with a plan.
He wants to take Metro Rail right up to the Hollywood Circle.
Guess what?
To take Metro Rail.
Metro Rail already meets Tri Rail.
And people don't need Metro Rail.
They only look two billion dollars.
In addition to which, when you got to the Hollywood Circle, what do you do then?
That's right.
You don't have to weigh in.
The biggest thing that people, they refuse to show people is we have Tri Rail.
Nobody advertises, but did you know that if you lived in Palm Beach County or Broward County,
if you wanted to go to Miami National Airport, Tri Rail goes all the way to Miami Airport?
Yeah.
No one tells you that.
They hide the fact for you that you already have a system.
They take the same Tri Rail system, run it all the way into South-Dade.
Expressway is 836.
Here's a joke of a roadway.
Take away the toll-pods.
The simple solution, 836, you want to stop the slowdown, is build the 30-foot wall so people don't see the runway.
People are slowing down 836, they're watching the airplanes.
Yeah.
And this packs with the tourists.
Hit the tour.
I think you're making a little bit too much sense.
That's exactly what the mayor told me.
I mean, there's so much...
So, say no to Alex Penis, or that's our motto, just say no.
What do you hear this?
Here's the biggest joke.
In closing, yes.
They spent $50 million for a busway in South-Dade.
I asked the mayor on Friday night, Mr. Mayor, if I want to take the bus, where do I park my car?
Well, we don't have any parking lots in a busway.
This is the planning.
Do you want to give these people...
Is it against another penny?
Not any.
Not anybody with a brain that even comes into the Dade County.
Vote no.
Okay, thank you, sir.
God bless you.
God bless you. Keep it up, pal.
There's a guy that's fighting a good fight.
Thank God for him.
And Richard Freeman with that bad haircut.
Thank God we got a couple of people down here that aren't like ostriches with their head on the sand.
They get a $1 billion boom dollar for the benefit of the downtown power structure in a hero.
And now they want to expand it.
The same asshole that was here before, Merritt Steerheim comes together with his mayor, Penis, who never met a corruptie.
He didn't all of a sudden get enchanted with whether it was from Mickey Harrison or Merritt Steerheimer, wherever the hell it was.
And now in the middle of the summer on a Thursday, they're going to try to put over a phone-y fixed election again so they can put them over on the public here and raise the taxes again.
And the promise is, oh, well, you're going to take the tolls off and you're only going to take them off from four-guy-demic pressways temporarily before they added on two more
pressways in five years.
And it has nothing to do with the tolls that most of us pay, which is on the turnpike, which is a state toll.
So just keep lying, just keep manipulating, just keep doing your shady bull crap, mayor, a penis.
You're not fooling anybody with a brain.
God.
Ten minutes after, thank you, sir. God bless you. Ten minutes after one at five sixty QA-in.
This station stands for nothing.
Welcome to the rude restaurant.
Kimberly, party M2. Your table is ready.
What? Wait a minute. We were here way before then. Why did they get to table?
Please, sir, this gentleman's date is far better looking than yours. Who wants to look at that?
The restaurant that's not afraid to let you know what they think or do what they want.
Table 12 has been looking at me funny all night.
Shall I?
Please.
It's the rude restaurant.
20% fertility already included, but the service sucked.
Yes, screw you, too.
The restaurant you've probably already been to, but just didn't know it.
The rude restaurant.
God damn fucking idiot.
Okay, 115 at five sixty WQM.
We got the 16 open lines and date 48 and Broward, 122 in Palm Beach, 15 on the West Coast in four amires, and 177 in Tampa.
567-0560-05560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a lady, mobile, and hollywood. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, I heard my mom told me that you were talking about yes before for road rules.
Yes.
I love them. I know everything about them.
Okay.
I don't know anything.
Is he half-tie?
Is he circumcised?
Very, very. Very much so.
He is? Yes.
Oh, if he's half-tie, I mean...
I'm 17, you know.
Right.
Okay.
Oh, what does that mean? I mean, if you're 17, you can certainly know if you're circumcised.
I'm innocent.
Yeah, okay.
Okay.
So, okay, we won't go below the belt. Okay, we'll stay above the waist.
And his mom was a stripper?
Yeah.
Well, okay, so we better go back below the belt again.
Yeah.
He was a North Carolina and he goes to Berkeley.
Yeah.
He's majoring in...
How come he worries that little earring in his right ear, by the way?
Because it's cute.
Okay.
Are you positive?
I'm positive.
Are you sure he's not a switch hitter, maybe?
No.
Okay.
We're going to get married.
You're going to get married?
To yes.
Uh-huh.
We are getting, like, a whole town is getting married to yes.
That's your sign?
No, just me.
Uh-huh.
You don't believe that?
No.
It's true.
I'll invite you to the wedding.
You're what?
I'll invite you to the wedding.
Okay. Well, give me the date. What's the date going to be?
I don't know.
I'll call you sooner than that.
You're working on it?
Yes.
I bet you are.
Okay, so we've got to go.
Okay. Good luck.
Yes.
Yes.
Just say.
No.
Two.
Yes.
5, 6, 7.
Okay.
See, there you go.
Now, I can understand a 17-year-old girl.
He's not too bad.
I mean, he's, uh, he's all right.
She can have.
But I can understand that I can't understand little girls who are all whipped up.
I see I should have asked her about Britney Spears.
I'm sure she's probably got no interest at all in Britney Spears or those big fake boobs
around that stuff.
And I still say if there was like a bunch of young guys there at that concert last night,
then we can understand the whole thing.
And I'm starting to drill and make a lot of noise again over here next door.
We finally got a couple of phone lines working.
We finally got a little bit of response.
Got to show back together.
Just a little bit.
Hopefully finish off the last hour.
And now they're drilling in their saw and they got the guy dang rotor rudder going under our ass
and sticking it in their neck.
Oh, man.
This place.
Let me out of here.
Please.
Please.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
The Greg Read construction project continues on and on and on and on when it stops nobody knows.
This project's been going on since before goddamn Muhammad was a baby.
Here's a mobile in Pemberpine.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
I just wanted to quickly mention to you.
I don't know if you knew that about that girl that fell on that light.
It was actually on the morning news this morning.
I thought this morning.
I saw it.
It was totally ridiculous.
And now I actually go to that movie theater.
The lights are, it's a cool thing.
And it's shame on the mother for not watching the baby crawl around on the floor.
It's probably not clean in the neck.
Well, not only that, but her daughter's cousin or whoever that was.
They were playing around and she bumped into her and knocked her out of this light,
which she had no business being there in the first place.
And bruised her.
She got a skin list around her left calf.
Oh boy, poor baby.
And this story makes it on the morning news this morning in this hokey,
yokel town of ours and makes it on the front page in the sunset.
No.
It just goes to show you that there's no real news in this town.
Is that, but is that, I mean, is that, if I can hold it up a goddamn billboard,
putting a big sign up saying this town is so dead that this is front page news here?
It's irritated.
Sir, there are towns of 500 people where this story wouldn't have made the front page.
I just figured I wasn't sure if you had seen it on the...
I saw a channel force spent about 20 minutes on interviewing the mother
and ringing their hands and gnashing and showing the light and the manager in this one.
And that was like this was the biggest thing we got to worry about.
Like the guy before says, both counties are trying to stick a guy to a extra penny sales tax over on the public
and pull a fast one.
We got cops running horror rings with underage girls and the news papers in the TV stations.
They're worried about little girl falls down and gets a booboo.
Did they... I wasn't able to actually hear them speak, but they speak English.
Yes, they spoke one or two words.
That's what I got her.
She again said I got her.
See?
And have a great day.
See, now you're getting all bent out of shape because you think,
well, their name is on the...
...in Maudiatus.
Okay, your people.
I don't know where the hell they came from.
And what do everyone does to make?
Emily Maudiatus.
I was in Maudiatus.
I wasn't getting bent out of shape.
God Almighty.
I don't know what language they speak.
And I don't care.
And I don't wish your little girl any ill, but don't make a big song and a dance and a big project out of it.
It's not a news story.
If it was in Manchester, New York, I'm sure if it was on Niko,
which is some little horse ball time.
If it was in Tuag, Florida, I think there's like seven people living in Tuag.
This wouldn't make the newspaper.
And it's on the front page in Europe and the reason being,
as I would notice here yesterday and again today, even worse,
this town is so dead.
Everybody with more than $5 is vacated this town.
Everybody who had possibly any ability to get out of here starting this last weekend,
they made a beeline out of this place,
which makes for a nice peaceful drive to work.
And that's why I keep coming in earlier every day in the morning,
because I keep getting here.
I don't realize it doesn't take any time to get here.
There's no traffic.
God, here this morning, 8.30.
I looked at the clock, say, what the hell am I doing here?
Now it's almost 1.30.
I'm still saying, what the hell am I doing here?
God, damn it.
5.670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Key Largo.
Hello.
How you doing?
It's rated.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
Oh, God.
I got some information.
No, I can't stand it.
How about the trick from Kendall?
What about it?
My best friend, he's one of Miami's finest.
Yeah.
And he says they're really covering it.
They don't want to open up the Ken Worms, because if they do,
we want to open up their worms.
It's a chance to me like they already did.
You know, he says to me, if they start saying everyone
that's been visiting the house, we will have a Miami police department,
Metro, Miami Beach, or Ohio Lee.
Well, isn't that great?
Doesn't that say a lot of wonderful things about our South Florida police departments
that they're all over their bang in some 16-year-old under-raged chick
and running a prostitution ring at the same time, by the way?
He says to remind them.
We're not even putting the shale tags on it.
He says to me, she had better attendance in the morning, so.
Yeah, I'm sure of that.
She's, you know, because the goat is sure she's good.
Okay, gotta believe that last part.
Something about her.
Correct them.
567-0560-0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
And of course, nobody cares, like I said, this store just, you know.
Now, what do you got there?
You got a diapeptic and what else?
We're talking, I can't drink, by the way.
No more expert thing for this kid.
They're very sweet to get me the soup, but I really wanted the really simple, simple notice that.
One thing you got to go through a five-year-old.
With the giant noodles.
Oh, you don't want that.
No.
Oh, my God.
Thanks, guys.
I don't want to sound like an in-great.
Why, who went in your job?
Joe and Jason.
Oh, Joe and Jason, oh my God.
Maybe Jason went out there and actually got some lunch for himself.
That would be good.
I, you know, these amazing places, Jason, called restaurants, you know.
And they have this stuff.
It's called food, which I'm sure, you know, it doesn't look like, I mean, Jason's a good guy.
But all of a sudden lately, it's like he's kind of like muscle in here.
And the reason I'm hearing, by the way, I don't want to mention who told me this.
But the reason that these poor guys did work any afternoon here, are looking to us for more free water and more free meals.
Is that some people, the working for, I don't want to mention who's doing the show that they're working on.
I don't seem to take care of them.
I always thought that he was taking them out to dinners and strip clubs.
Are we always hearing these deals?
I think Hank would be upset to hear that.
I'm hearing all the time he's taking these poor bastards.
These underlings out to dinner and feeding them and getting them laid and stuff like that.
But the excuse that we're here, it is, oh, well nobody's taking care of them.
So now, Neil's got to feed everybody.
Which I don't mind feeding everybody when we got to the food in here.
But like ordering food on demand because Jason is hungry, or this one is hungry, or the beast is hungry,
or everybody else around here is hungry.
God, if we had to feed this whole place, the whole, all of a sudden, by the way, how to Brad from Tony's,
which I saw him over at the toll booth on the turnpike yesterday.
And I wasn't shining you, Brad. I thought we were done with our conversation.
You never had that happen where somebody like, you're either in your car,
or you're like, past somebody in the hall or in the store somewhere,
and you say, hello, and whatever, you're a couple of words,
and then you walk away or you drive away, and then you get the feeling that they wanted more conversation.
Because you pull off to the side when you got through the toll booth, and I don't know what he was doing.
Maybe Brad was did on him, so I don't know what he was doing there.
We love you, Brad.
But I was in a big hurry to get there a lot of the, you know, as far away from here as possible.
Just get up the old Hershey highway.
5667-0560, pound 560 on the, boy, looks like it's going to be hours before you get that soup, you know.
They have these real simple things, these little packets, you know, you just put boiling hot water,
and you put it in there, and it's like, you know, time it all.
You just see the hot water from the, or you take the hot water from our color,
and from our water thing, that the color and people were so kind of put in there, right?
Which I noticed they're drinking up a storm in the morning on that, too.
Here's Miami, hello.
Nail.
Yes, sir.
How you doing? Great.
Listen, do things.
My 15 year old son is addicted to your show, which is good.
It means that some foreign time of his life, he would develop a brain.
Right. And this town down here really sucks.
Have you ever seen it this bad, though? I mean, that, this one.
God, this one's gonna be the worst summer we've ever had.
I mean, in the last several, I've been pretty boring, but this is unbelievable.
I tell you what, I've been here 18 years.
I'm so ready to get out of the first point that they've offered out my hair.
Right.
Jesus Christ.
Him too.
I'm screwing chicks, 16 year old girls out of nowhere.
Yeah. And not, and not cheering with anybody else.
That's the worst part.
Tell me if they catch you doing it.
Your name will be on the front page of the paper tomorrow, and you'll be in jail for like 10 to 20.
Yeah, I'm telling you. My 15 year old son wanted to get in the eye by throw the no way.
Now like that.
Yeah, make sure you get him some of you.
It's not so well used.
Have a great day, amigo.
Take care.
Bye.
How about Britney Spears?
Anybody want a spear of Britney?
A little girl said, maybe that's all they lit in there at the Britney Spears concert, because they want to have a ride.
Maybe they're afraid they let those young highly touched testosterone guys in there.
They would have had like a lot of sports items there at the Britney Spears concert.
Like everybody would have lined up waiting to spear Britney, because that's all they're going there for.
They sure wouldn't want to hear her sing, would they, huh?
Yeah, we got a call in case you missed the beginning of the show.
Somebody was very upset because she was lip syncing, and which gave her a lot more time to shake around and shake her hooters and her ass and all the other parts she's got.
I don't understand these people.
Who cares about whether she's really singing or not?
If you held a gun or had she couldn't sing one note, she can't sing a way out of a goddamn paper bra.
What are you thinking about?
Wait till you see that new video coming out next Monday night on MTV 1030, next Monday night,
the making of the new Britney Spears video.
I guarantee you'll be sitting real close to the screen, and you'll have both hands occupied.
26 Pat or at least a couple of fingers anyway.
26 after 1 at 5, 60 WQA M.
Holy mackerel!
This is Joe Boyle on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leaf!
You're listening to the hockey authority, Neil God!
I've been to Peter Sittle, right?
Bruce and Sauer Krauss.
I love a Polish disco.
I'll roll the barrel out.
I put on the leader, holding and saw whatever funny hat.
The sound of a crack too, but hands in, I'm the flare of death.
It's a sound from a tear.
It is my favorite, and I'm saying I'm a lifelike.
Feel your fear, darling.
Feel your lifelike, lean, poke out.
We can't be thrown out, but it's on the drum, I'm throwing out.
Take your fear, just out.
Sing it on I see it, poke out.
Sing it on I see it, poke out.
I'm singing a song, can't poke out.
The band goes on top, top, we'll sing it on I'll say, poke out.
Dance with your grandma, hearing a song, sing it, poke out.
His hair doesn't matter, don't fear, don't drink some hot juice, poke out.
He's the one who does that.
Listen to him, poke out.
Listen to him, poke out.
Everyone's the one who does that, poke out.
That's not very nice.
You like to poke a sickle, baby, that's what he said.
132, maybe he can hang out with the other guy from Road Rules.
That blonde kid, the one who looks kind of like retarded, he's Polish.
So that explains it, I guess.
Maybe you're vickie like to do his pickle, you think maybe five six seven, maybe he'd like to do,
or maybe you never know.
I say bring back Abe and the other group for Road Rules from the last group, poke out.
Bring him back alive, baby, and dump this group.
We got Roadkill instead of Road Rules on MTV, and we're pretty pissed off about it.
And when it helps Tom Green on again, I know Thursday night 1030, right after celebrity death match.
We ought to have some contestants, we ought to like maybe we can set them in and get a little...
You're 10, David, by the way, plug me again on CNBC today.
Thank you, Ted, my good close personal Jewish friend there at CNBC.
Even though we can't buy a goddamn call for $50,000 today, maybe Ted could put up the money.
He came by us a few calls.
They're loaded up there at CNBC.
Thanks, Ted.
Here's a mobile in the Gables.
Hello.
And you know, yes, sir.
Miami's really trying to pull it on his citizens.
By calling him a pending tax, it's a 1% increase in tax.
Yeah.
Which means if you buy...
Just saying no, sir, just saying no.
I don't want to get into a whole song of dance on this because we'll lose all 50 people we got out there.
Thank you.
The other guy was very articulate.
He said it very emphatically, very forcefully, right on target.
He was great, okay.
And at the end of that story for today is...
When is the election?
Is it July 29?
I think a month from today?
The end of July on the Thursday.
Look on a calendar there, George.
Let's see...
Is that July that we have up there?
So what is?
It's the 29th.
That's the Thursday.
It's the last Thursday in July.
When there won't be 600 people here, there won't be 10 of them who speak English left in town.
On the 29th of July, plus on a Thursday.
And they're going to try to sneak in this phony election.
And you marked my words.
They'll word it again backwards.
If you were against it, vote yes.
If you were for it.
You know, we're going to have to work triple overtime to make sure that nobody votes on that stupid goddamn thing, okay.
And once again, Merrick Steerheim and the Crooks that run Dade County are going to try to put them over on a public here.
Just like they did with their billion dollar boom doggle.
And here we are 20 years later when they're saying, oh, that was the biggest waste of money in history.
And nobody's riding the goddamn thing.
So let's spend a lot more money to extend it.
And to give you all those buses this time that you were supposed to get the last time that you never got.
Oh, man.
Give me a break.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, now.
Yes, sir.
Hey, first time baller here.
All right.
And I've been listening to you ever since you've been on WKOM.
I originally from Philadelphia.
Yes, sir.
Came down to Miami, get up right there fresh air.
And in this beautiful toilet.
And I listened to the Alonzo morning interview yesterday.
Oh, man.
That was the worst.
I want to tell you right now with all apologies to my close friend Hank.
That was the worst interview in the history of the radio industry.
And I mean, what is this man doing on our radio station mumbling for 20 or 25 minutes?
Either it's going to be rigged.
I don't got that there.
Do I?
18?
I couldn't make hands or tails about this group phone was talking about.
When I used to go up in the North Phillips, I used to look at my cars and say, oh, bad.
I'll go there.
Right.
Sounds like O.J. on Doggy Downers.
Have a great day, amigo.
Okay.
Sure.
Yeah, if we're going to do interviews like that from now on, how about an interpreter, huh?
Uh-huh.
Jesus Christ, Hank.
Five, six, I know I know we're in desperate times.
I would agree in a kill to half an hour.
Anything to kill some time, you know, but Jesus, there's got to be somebody a little more articulate
who'd be speaking a little bit better than that.
How's that soup, by the way?
Got a real sour look on your face.
It's adequate.
Correct.
No, why don't you say it.
It's a bunch of crap, you know, you have to make Jason and Matthew.
What do I ask you about that?
The noodles are their insignificance.
Yeah, that's good.
Even I'm getting a little bit hungry right now.
I might get something from Chuck's, you know, I doubt it though.
I don't shouldn't do that, should I?
Something I'm not allergic to.
Is there anything left of I'm not allergic to on his list?
No.
No more diet soda, by the way.
I'm emphatic about that.
No more than aspartame for this kid.
I knew I was allergic to that crap.
I'd drink just gallons and gallons.
I just, just pour that crap down.
Caffeine free, but nevertheless.
It's a killer.
I guarantee you, by the end of the week, if I just stop taking all the drugs,
I'll add crap that's on this list.
I'll look exactly like Aaron Gavey from Dallas Stars.
Did Aaron play in a playoff, by the way?
No.
Well, but I hear T's got a ring.
I'll give him a ring.
Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach, Hilla.
Hey, how you doing, Mark?
Pretty good, sir.
Hi, hey, after you actually called introduce myself, you see,
I'm the anti-neil.
See, I'm a skinny white hair sexual.
Right, you with me?
You hate hockey and I love golf.
Yeah.
How you doing?
So what are you trying to say?
He's an asshole.
Oh, I see.
That's me.
How you doing?
Pretty good, asshole.
Yeah, that's me.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, up there, I'll.
Okay, when you said it twice, that was good enough.
Have a nice day, asshole.
567-0560, pound 567 on the AT&T Wildest Line.
He's in Palm Beach, of course.
You must understand, yeah.
By me.
Yeah, like I said.
23.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Oh, that was great.
Okay, 142 at 567 W.W.Q.
Am I having only one thing to say?
Don't need 50 dollars.
And here's the guy to do a 10 day.
But all I got to do is mention this man's name.
I'm here and you're mentioning me on the air.
Just like an obedient puppy dog, head David calls in,
which believe me, we sure need your help today.
Well, I tell you, it is so boring down here in the summertime
and so dead, you can't begin to imagine.
There's not much better up here, I'll tell you.
Oh.
It's like a fine, date county afternoon up here
in the lightful Bergen County New Jersey.
Yeah, but at least you got a few people around.
You may not want most of them, but at least you got them.
Yeah, there are a few here.
But everybody's telling me, hey,
the new Rogers mentioned you on the air.
We had 60, in fact, I only wish we had as many people
called in today who wanted to talk on the air
as the people that called your author.
They're like, oh, 10 day with mention Neil again on the air.
Now, what did you say today?
You know, how did you keep switching my name?
Don't stop doing it, by the way.
How did you do that?
You know, when I think streaming audio,
I think Neil Rogers.
Yeah.
Somebody mentioned streaming audio.
I know, I read a Sam McGill, our tech journalist,
was mentioning streaming on.
He was at the, your partner expression,
streaming a media conference.
By the way, is Renee a nervous guy?
He always seems like a little nervous to me.
No, he's great.
No, he's great.
I'm not knocking him, but I'm just saying he's like a little
on the nervous hyperside.
Not at all.
Oh, no.
He's a delight to work with.
He's a real pro and really knows his stuff.
No, no, he's cool.
Okay.
But he was at the streaming media conference.
Squared, Squared.
Yeah.
Thank you very much.
And you got to be, no drop form, hun.
Okay, sorry.
I won't do it again.
But you know me, I'm compulsive.
I can't help myself.
I'm just upset because my good friend, Al Goldstein,
sent me a tape last night from Midnight Blue,
and which he is just, just licking Howard's
Durin's butt from Monday to the other.
You know, he hates Howard like poison,
but the only, he admits the only reason he's doing it
is because he wants to get Howard's show to plug his website.
And then he puts a gratuitous thing about how Neil Rogers
and Miami is the best in the world,
and they put my picture up on the screen.
But then he goes back and kisses Howard's butt for ten minutes,
which I'm embarrassed.
How do you get off of that mailing list?
I'm on it from years ago when I was in radio,
and he keeps sending this stuff to me.
Invitations to midnight, porno parties.
I just don't want this stuff.
Okay, well that sounds good.
We believe you.
We believe that.
No, we don't believe it.
So anyway, they mentioned to the bottom line,
if they mentioned streaming audio on it,
so I said to my co-worker,
I can listen to Neil Rogers.
And that was that was Howard's.
Now, the last time, since the last time you called,
I think this is getting to be kind of a gag now.
I feel responsible for destroying people's lives.
So the last time you called,
I was mentioning about Joe Kernan and David Faber,
and some of the people on your network on CNBC,
who are there from like eight in the morning
until it got only as when.
Right.
And now, since I mentioned that,
Joe Kernan and David Faber,
are there at seven in the morning,
whether they're until five or six?
Probably after this conversation,
they're going to have 24 hours a day.
I told you left, and they've given up their apartments.
In fact, when the market starts to stay open
like 24 hours a day,
they'll probably have to move in.
We do work out here, I'll tell you.
What kind of hours are those, though?
For people in broadcasting,
what kind of hours are those?
It's just no soft four-hour day radio gig.
Yeah, you should have only been here today.
You wouldn't be saying that.
Are you still on the Atkins diet?
I heard you talking about something with what you can't eat.
And I remember the last time I heard you were on the Atkins diet.
I'm one of those people that goes down the Atkins
for like four or five hours,
one day, four or five hours the next day.
I just, I can't do it.
I don't know.
I just, I've got to do it, but I can't do it.
Well, it works.
You know, the TNO sticks and they're in purple,
but then it works, yeah, but you got it.
No, I don't, I don't pee in the sticks.
I prefer like inside, like it plumbing, you know,
that kind of stuff.
So how do you do it?
I think it was a pleasure to talk to you again to hear that you once again have been plugging you on the air.
You've probably got thousands of calls from people saying,
oh, Ted David, we want you to know that you were on the Atkins diet.
Actually, I'd be honest with you.
I didn't, you know what?
I really do listen to you on the web,
and I was sitting here, you'd lunch.
Well, I'm sorry to interrupt, but you know, that's the way I am.
But now, what about the other people out there?
Do they have any idea who I am or just every time you mention my name,
they give you a stupid look?
No, the amazing thing is, is that I, apparently, you know,
it's funny.
In radio, you do the only thing you have is this sound.
So, I mean, most PDs and radio stations leave the audio up by a thing.
Here, they just have the picture on.
So as long as you're not doing anything to track their attention,
they're not listening to what you're saying.
Yeah.
So I can say anything.
Great.
Except when we run the closed captioning, I guess they could read that.
But nobody's ever asked me who Neil Rogers is.
Good.
Let's keep it that way.
I have to assume that's because they know.
And by the way, I got a little, you might want to,
next time you mention my name,
I'm sure you mentioned that if Neil Rogers buys a stock,
run, get on the phone, you're going to be immediately in a flip.
I'm on his value line select.
I shouldn't have probably said that, but it's only my show,
so it doesn't make any difference.
And they send you like the one hot stock every month.
Every stock that I bought from value line selected,
minute I touch it, it just goes to hell.
See enough, trucking in the mittsler corporation,
just dying.
No matter what I touch, it turns to you in a lot.
So.
I wish I could do a show with your drops.
That'd be one hell of a combination.
I'll send them to you.
That'll make some of those bastards up.
Have a great day Ted.
You too.
Take care.
Ted David from CNBC.
Who's obsessed with this show?
Alcohol things obsessed too.
And even he even had a product with two other things.
We would have played the tape, of course,
every other word is, you know,
isn't it?
I mean, I wouldn't want to put you through the work of trying to
bleep an alcohol thing, because every other.
Yeah.
But he does just suck Howard's butt.
I mean, something fierce out there, you know?
Which I don't mind that except for the fact that if you would
hear him talk about Howard off the air and he starts out the
video by saying, I'm midnight blue.
Yeah, well, you know, you kicked me off the show five years
because there were five years ago because I was kissing
Lenny Bruce's ass and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
And so that.
But he wants on there.
And by the way, the website is www.scroomag.com.
Let's us give it out and see if he gets any response.
I bet you everybody in this audience would like to be able to see
a screw magazine on the internet.
You can buy those lasers on there.
Right.
Exactly.
You can buy those lasers that say,
you and all the other good stuff and have the finger stick
it out.
You can buy those on there too on the L's website.
Or you could buy them from me.
And he didn't have to kiss my ass for me to do that.
All he's got to do is make sure we keep the key was the
Department of the Amsterdam.
Here's Fort Myers.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
First time I've called you in six months, a couple of topics I'd
like to talk about.
Right ahead, sir.
We have a great phone connection.
The first is Greg Read and the Beasley's.
And the second topic is New Yorkers.
Okay.
We'll start with Greg Read and the Beasley's.
I see a lot of similarities there, by the way.
Yes.
We'll start with Greg Read and the Beasley's.
I listen to you every day.
Yes.
And you talked about how Greg Read was running around saying
loss, who was lost, who was with this new
school channel.
Alienation of affections by the herald or something like that.
Well, you know, if he would take one tenth of that money that he might
have to give to an attorney to give those of us over here in Fort Myers
and 800 numbers.
Right.
Who cares about that other radio station?
Exactly.
And that's not exactly what I said.
If he would put as much energy into doing the things for us here to make
this really a gigantic, fantastic, which it could be a great place as he's worried about some little
station on a spot on the dial that nobody can even pick up.
This man just doesn't get it because these aren't radio people.
So I hate to break the news to you.
They put on a good act.
They make a lot of money.
They walk around looking like slumpers that just left in a dumpster overnight.
And they just don't know this business.
Okay.
Second topic.
There are people that fell into a bucket of crap.
That's all.
Second topic.
Because I don't want to take too much time in New Yorkers.
Do you know why so many New Yorkers are named Tony?
Go ahead.
Well, years ago when they were coming over from Italy, they could not speak English.
And so they put jackets on them that said to New York on the back of the jacket.
Really?
Yes.
They got to refer to New York and people saw the back of the jackets and say, hey, there's another company.
Some of the old Jews when they got to Ellis Island, they could get nervous and they'd ask them what their name was.
And they would say in Yiddish, Shane Ferguson, which means I forgot.
And they would put down Shane Ferguson.
You're the best, Neil.
Can I call somebody a douchebag?
Yes, sir.
Raymond Rillow, you're a flamen douchebag.
And have a great day.
Shane Ferguson.
See, I think I made that up.
That's a true story.
Shane Ferguson.
So that's how you get some of these Jews with Irish names.
You know any Jews with Irish?
No.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
There's a message from one of our finalists.
There's a, by the way, had a better sounding phone line than we got over here.
That was a great phone line.
I found it like direct.
Even if he had nothing to say, which it was a good call.
But even if you have nothing to say, I would listen just because it was a clear phone line.
You know, you people at the phone, and I'm not talking about the guys who work for the phone company.
We'll probably work their asses off.
Okay.
I'm just talking about the big shots at the phone company.
And because you got them monopoly, the kind of service you get, I wouldn't give it to my dog.
Okay.
That's the kind of crap service you people give out.
We, there's no reason we should have to put up with this crap day after day and week after week.
Are the phones working today?
Is this line working?
Do we have that crazy sound coming out of line?
Although we do kind of like that.
Yeah.
Is that, oh, it's not on there.
Here's a lady in Weston.
Hello.
Hello.
This is a lady in Weston?
Yes.
No.
Oh, okay.
Well, I need to call it so goodbye.
How do we know that?
How do we know it was one of those chronic little Julios that put somebody else on there?
Now we can see that line eight is, let's see.
Damn it.
I love that sound.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6.
What's Joe got in his post there?
Oh, he's a little upset because he found out I was allergic to nuts.
No wasting his time all these months.
Yeah, it's because it says on the list here, it says, with or without the hair.
So it doesn't really make any difference.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60.
I'll be honest, he was jealous last week.
He was very upset that I wasn't paying him enough attention when JP was in here.
Well, I want it, you know, you're supposed to be focused in on the producer of your show.
You got to pay a lot of attention.
You don't get all, you know, start with the wandering eyes to the right or the left.
You just look straight ahead and you focus in.
Especially when he starts rolling, it leaves up to show your shoulders and living up to the...
Oh, look at that.
He took the thing and moved it the next month up there.
The CT off the calendar with the arrow.
Lived up to his name like a champion.
Great job, sweetheart.
9 minutes before.
And by the way, if Jason is moving him to off the morning show,
is the rumor that I'm here and going to be moving him out to do stuff out at the ballpark?
He better be in here by 10 o'clock in the morning on those days.
I'll tell you right now because if I find out that Jason is moving JP out of here like during this show,
then Jason can kiss once goodbye forever, okay?
You can tell him that.
He'll never get another morsel from this show.
If he starts playing that game with our good close personal friend.
152 at 5.60.
Look at this. I'm so excited.
I'm getting ready to read the log here.
I don't know what the hell is going on.
I'm just a little...
I'm easy. You know the way it goes.
You know what I'm saying?
No, that girl can have...
She can have him.
I say bring back eight on road rules.
No more road kill.
Let's get road rules back tonight.
