Any case in GA?
QA and F.
Friday, you fastly,
and off-duff, and off-duff, and off-duff.
I took a call from the e-conic.
This is a future piece I told me
now I can't get no jobs
because I have done got no deserati
as talking like an old league road
if I'm like talking houses way
now I can't do nothing
but the heritage say is that
okay, change my name to shoot flow
try my doom send a quarter
ain't a catalyst
I remember when I was dealing
all the white pants cost hanging outside
the building their boss
grind the blues
about father's teeth
white dealers got to know
y'all told me it's time
fast
Photophonics to get my knowledge
now I'm fast
got to go and sell no cracker
chain, cracker chain, cracker chain
cracker chain, cracker chain
cracker chain, cracker chain
nobody would have borrowed any song
Eponics makes me sound funny
got nothing to do with deserati
now I got to make more money
play the fool sounds good to me
I got plenty of nothing
Eponics ain't getting me anywhere
maybe I'll mug an old white bitch
steal the purse and pull her hair
then I gonna take some money
I is very old and afraid to death
I remember when I was dealing
all the white pants cost hanging outside
the building their boss
grind the blues
about father's teeth
white dealers got to know
y'all told me it's time
fast
Photophonics would get my life
a change now
mm
got to go in there
not cracker chain, cracker chain
cracker Jin
hello
own your boss
My boss is a jerk, of course, the horse. He looks like a back of a horse, of course. He's fastened bald and he's a dork.
I wish that he'd dropped in. He goes, yakadiyak fell off his ugly face, turns around.
I bet when he was a circuit, his mom dropped him on his head.
He dropped my boss's under, super, super.
He's got all the rays of a hunting bird. You've never heard of a talking, do you?
What's all that singing in here?
Well, listen to this. You're all fired.
He's a dork.
Get off your stuff. Okay, 10,04, it's 5,60 WQM. It just is astonishing to me.
I feel like a little kid back in the kindergarten, you know, in the playground, sitting in the sandbox with a pale on his shovel,
making all those guttural sounds like, yeah, that's how I feel listening to all this crap.
And of course, the one thing about the morning show, you know, it all blends in together
because the audience is perfect.
Juvenile, immature, hysterical.
I mean, that audience on the morning show on the worst team is the most amazing audience I ever heard in my life.
But at least it was entertaining. I actually was able to avoid popping that CD on the way to work this morning until,
because I was listening to all this bull crap, and that's what most of it was about, you know, Joe Rose and Bluff and this and back and forth.
And then some asshole from New York has to spoil the whole thing.
I want to talk about the next and dingo. There goes that CD right in the guy damn thing.
Because that was entertaining. And there's a good message for all you people in programming, not to mention any names.
What the hell was that? Oh, it's supposed to be. Get off your dot, I was supposed. But at any rate, maybe he's on the phone again, giving him instructions.
See, that's bad. That's where he, like, totally lost it. See, I've kind of, like, waffled on this whole thing with a Joe Rose suspension.
In the beginning, I thought it was, like, clear cut. And then I thought, wow, you know, who knows. And now I'm starting to get, like, dingo. I'm waffling.
I'm all over the place all over the road. That was the other thing that was really amusing this morning. Here's dingo.
And they're talking about Bluff waffling on the phone, which he had no business calling in. He told me yesterday, said, well, they're going to discuss it tomorrow.
They can just say whatever they want. Okay, fine. So leave it alone already. Okay. Don't keep calling every 20 minutes.
They're all, wow, you shouldn't be talking about this. Shouldn't let the callers. Why not? It's great. It's your beats. Hey, we want to talk about the nicks.
It sure beats that first call on Hangshow yesterday. Talk about a degenerate gambler who wants to know about the pictures for the hurricanes in Alabama at the car.
And I'm driving home and I'm thinking, oh, no, this can't be what I think it is. This call, because this isn't like some college age, you know, hurricane fan. This is like some adult that they threw out in New York.
And sure enough, well, you know, the line is 1.7. Oh, no. Even the Humper couldn't believe that this guy.
Vettin on college baseball. Well, there's nothing else going on this afternoon. I got to have some action. I'm going to listen to the game.
Got to have some action. I like action too, but that's not exactly what I have in mind most of the time. God pathetic.
But at any rate, it's it makes for a great radio. This is what I started to say. This is what they should understand. Nobody wants to hear about the crappy nicks or about that horrible hockey game on Margarita ice last night. Nobody wants to hear that.
They want to hear about everybody having a brawl about how well you know, Joe and the bluff were trying to punch out each other's lights in the hallway.
That's your rose and Joe costella. Now see there's a better match. Show costella and bluff. Okay, because Joe Rose is about what 7 for 3 and 2 55 with a head that weighs about 200 pounds.
That's not a good match. But as usual, the morning crowd calling in. They have no idea what they're talking about and also as usual on the only one on this radio station who tells it like it is.
The issue isn't only whether Joe Rose told the bluff Lindsey our program directed to f off. That's obviously a big partly issue and somebody I know what's got fired for that, which I'll tell you in a minute who that was by the way.
Hey, stop it. Nevertheless, the real issue is there's nobody here who disagrees that there's too many goddamn spots that that format blows in the morning. I talked about it when I was still working over an eye.
See about what a bomb that was there in the morning with that format. How could anybody on AM radio whoever heard us such a format with 45 minute commercial breaks nobody disagrees on that.
But if you're going to start screaming and yelling at somebody and I love the one guy even wrote it down. He says, oh, we want to thank Joe Rose for going to bat for the audience.
You see what a much of sucklings they got on that morning show that audience. Yeah, these are the same guys that run around with their hurricane jerseys on you know, like in public.
They would go to Ruth Chris for dinner if somebody else was buying with like a hurricane or dolphins outfit on and a baseball cap on backward.
Oh my god, give me a break. If Joe Rose wanted to go to bat for the audience about that format, why wouldn't you go to somebody who can do something about it?
Not the program director who's got nothing to do with sales in this company. I told you that yesterday and don't tell me the morning audience doesn't listen to the show because every goddamn one of you are listening right now. You're in a closet.
Okay. God.
Going to bat for the audience. My fat ass. So not only did he open up a big mouth and put on a just a psychotic hysterical routine that was totally unacceptable that most people anywhere where we're fired for talking to their superiors like that.
But he also was taking it out on the wrong person and I want to buy told you about this place that goes on here all the time.
People brow beating other people who have nothing to do with whatever the problem is.
Or some people brow beating you know board ops and producers on days when they're doing a crappy show or getting crappy calls as if it's the board op and producers fault.
When they're doing a horse crap show.
You know I'm talking about.
Yeah, it's easy to take it out and that was on the on the quiddlings. Anybody can do that.
God.
9 minutes after 10 at 5.60 WQA.
Okay.
All right.
All right.
Okay.
10.50 to 5.60 WQA.
I mean all these people are that is what I love it's in you know at least they're consistent when they talk about sports the colors of the station.
Do they know what they're talking about when you're talking about the Joe Rose bluffing but they know what they're talking about.
But you know they all got an opinion.
They all got a big mouth they all got an opinion great but they haven't got the fogiest idea what they're talking about.
And I'd like to know you know D.Fo did make one good point in the middle of his incessant waffling but at least he's consistent he always waffles but you know who and in their right mind anywhere.
Works for people and then tells them to f off and expects to keep their job.
You know anybody like that?
No.
I don't because we remember that episode at the I.O.D. years ago when I don't want to mention it was Hank.
Do I hear a mention that?
Hey stupid had a little a contra-tomps there with boy Geary.
And you know what it was about because actually Hank was in the wrong on that too because it was during hurricane coverage.
And we were like basically not doing our usual shows and boy Geary wanted him to do the hurricane coverage whatever and he said to no.
And they had a big screaming match and Hank said f off and boy Geary said goodbye.
See ya and that was the end of that.
Now of course some of us having better contracts than some of the other guys we could theoretically I could do that.
Theoretically I could go and say hey f all you guys you know and they could do nothing they could do because there's nothing in my contract they can fire me for insubordination but I still wouldn't do it.
Even a big loud mouth pain in the ass like me wouldn't do it.
And then one of my favorite calls this morning at least it kept me two of that show they ought to milk this for a few weeks actually I might listen.
One of my favorite was the first one I get in the car and they're already in broir than this big thing about Joe's been suspended.
And here's this guy oh well you know they ought to understand we the audience depends on Joe being there and and the sponsors depend on Joe being there as if somehow the spots aren't going to get on.
Did we miss any spots that you would have been doing this morning?
No. No.
Every single one of the spots is on tape every one of them got on the year didn't we lose any advertising revenue? No.
Because then I keep trying to tell these audience that's what we're here for is to make money.
And they think that it's a joke oh when you know that Roger's he's always saying yeah well there you go.
And of course especially the beastly read people this is their doing this isn't bluff Lindsay's doing or any other individual in this building.
This is what they got set up here and they've got to do it and see these these jocks nippers they don't want to understand that they don't want to accept that.
That this place is mortgage to Wayne to John I keep calling him Wayne Henry whatever his name is John Henry and Wayne Hippinger the place is mortgage to them for those franchises so we can have the honor of putting on those crappy Marlon games and the other stuff that nobody is listening to.
That we can't sell for love or money and especially for money.
No chance.
No.
It's not difficult to figure that out when you're spending this enormous amount of money for the rights to broadcast stuff that most of the dolphin games are on television unless it's a blacked out home game all the other games are on TV plus the Ron in Spanish plus the Ron on FM.
So when you narrow it down to what's left over for a.m. with a crack snapple a snapple crackle and popple whatever it is for the people in the car who might be listening.
Is there a much left no so there's no big benefit having the dolphin games on there the Panther games as well as I much as I love my hockey you know there's like ten of people might be listening to that.
And the Marlon games is there anybody nobody nobody listening to those I mean you have to get a search party to find anybody not just listening but anybody is a ballpark who isn't working there in concessions.
So that's a new deal they try to make it look more respectable out there so they've had the concessionaires take off their outfits and they go out there and sit in the stands and pretend that their fans there yeah that's a new deal at pp park.
Yeah we depend on you being a non curious how about those times because all of us and believe me we're grateful for this at least I am because like I told you they don't care here and like Geldie pointed out to me that's a great deal like Joe Rose has his other gig with channel six.
So I like the heat we're playing the next in the series they're up there in New York Joe takes off a couple of days he goes up there to cover the next heat game not for us but for a channel six because he's got another job and goes up to a New York to cover the Bellmouth rabies he's gone on like you know who three four days more power to him and so we're still getting paid for it.
Did they say anything to us no so how can you not that so how come that this the neurotic morning sports audience can't function with Joe because he got suspended for two days.
But if he's going out of town for several days to cover something for channel six somehow they managed to scrape by and guess what the spot still get on here that's right.
I heard him singing.
He's not even here he suspended he's still doing every run that you know with that big 40 pound head of his.
I like Joe Joe's a good guy but he was wrong he was full of crap not only don't you abuse somebody but you sure as hell don't abuse him for something they have no control over and I don't think there's it.
He's the slightest bit of disagreement there any rational person who's not ever been in radio but ever listened to a radio ever maybe even owned one or knew somebody else who did.
Would agree that the format in the morning and the afternoon on with those awful those terminal long sports or whatever we call him.
It's it's ponderous it's a tune out it's like an invitation.
Oh, oh.
Thank you.
But that's just the way it is.
Is it going to change no I mean I banged my head against the wall for almost a year and a half here until I finally took a liquid guilty and there and he said hey here's the way it is that you're right.
You're absolutely positively right and I don't give a sh** and now I feel much better for it.
I'm just smoking these days.
I don't want to say what but I mean what's not to like you said back you take the money and they so if it is a day late once in a while big deal the check still cash so far.
You just like a money python you look on the bright side of life you don't look on the negative side of it and not only that but what what differences are made because there are people out there complaining about it they're still listening those sports nerds especially.
I can't compete with that deal because those people like I said the guys who go out in public in like 40 45 year old guys wearing like a hurricane outfit in public you know or like to work.
You know the kind of talking about in Zubaz pants.
Oh yeah Zubaz pants I don't want to mention it but we used to work for with around so anybody getting back to Rocky Ruttonberg.
Oh yeah we got stories Georgia and I were reminiscing about the old I would these stories and about program directors we've worked with and four and around before.
Yeah who make bluff Lindsey see that's your rose has been here too long.
He's had a couple of pushovers and he asked in woods and bluff Lindsey here he should have had a work in his business with Steve Nichol or boy Gary then you know what hell is all about.
And let me say it for the 50 million time I never heard one reference to it on that show and I heard a lot more this morning fact I heard more the morning show this morning I've listened to it last two months put together because they weren't talking about the God damn nicks or all this other repetitive boring crap or that game on slush last night in Dallas they were talking about stuff that was amusing.
And we're getting a lot of response to it too. Hey I think you're full of crap stuff so that's all Joe's full of whatever it was great and this town thrives on that.
The audience loves that even if it's contrived which this wasn't and I told you yesterday Joe wouldn't be here I kind of embellished it a little bit.
Here's Kendall hello. Good morning Neil how are you?
Okay sir I just want to kind of switch gears for just a moment I was I was well because I'm a little bit like I'm got and disbelief I'm in disbelief what last night the House of Representatives we can gun laws and their answer.
Okay listen call up a wrestling ball okay I'm not interested I mean they weaken the gun laws and the 10 commandment you know something we consider it talk about it from now until the cows come home it's not going to change it okay I think it's great they're going to put the 10 commandments up on a wall of school if that thing does finally go through because then they're going to see nothing is going to change it.
Oh dude we tried okay who cares who gives a crap they do the invo this is probably the same guy who goes to a dolphin game and they say the invocation there in the beginning he stands up for it you know all you people are whining and yelling and with.
What I really is is carrying out about Jeb Bush and about the right wing and the meantime you're just a bunch of sucklings okay just go along with a program I try to get everybody to sit down there when they're doing the invocation so they might put a stop to this crap which is totally inappropriate well they do it no because they're a bunch of pussy they're like most of the people who work around here they're a bunch of pussy pussy is their middle name but have a great day sir just calm down take two and call us in the morning and we'll give you Bob bars personal direct line phone number he'll straighten you out.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line we got important stuff going on here at QAM okay stuff that affects the people in this community because we depend on the a little dog being there in the morning.
Don't we depend on him being there no and don't his sponsor depend on him being there to get the spots on the air so we don't play those tapes no no.
Fact I was going by in the hallway and asked me to come and see if I would sing a row on the clock and I said no I don't do the singing not in the right union for that.
But never once did they may reference to the fact like I said for the four billion time that when a guy goes after a guy who not only is his superior but has nothing to do with his problem even agrees with him then the guys totally out of line but don't tell that to the audience in the morning show because there are a bunch of sucklings.
Here's a lady in Hollywood hello hello.
Yes ma'am you were talking a couple of days ago about the most influential person of the of the last century a couple of days ago right well nobody mentioned Alex.
Okay good Alex panelists know like I said now see this this is what I'm talking about I do 23 minutes I'm worked up here I'm fired up and pissed off or pissed up and fired off however that thing goes.
I've taken two calls they got absolutely nothing to do with the important stuff I'm talking about we're not doing the most important person in the century anymore sweetheart we don't want to put God damn Frankie Lime and the teenagers on there all the way should be in the top 10.
God see what I mean about the colors they'll put you in your goddamn grave if you let them.
I'm the ringmaster here okay I'm the one with a goddamn whip in the chain all right just keep it in mind 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line Friday you.
So anyway the nephew just sticks his head in the door and says get off your duff 10 32 at 5 60 WQ I am so anyway see the sports nerds are emotional cripples maybe that's why they have to hang out of that jock strapped thing all the time they have to have one like close by so they can maybe like sniff it to help them get through the day emotional cripples.
So now the fact that you got suspended for a couple of days because he participated in totally unacceptable behavior that these people all would have had their asses fired for by the way each and every one of them that are calling in with their big mouth.
See like I said before anybody call a video talk show and they get real brave on the other side of a phone.
But when it comes to talking with their superiors oh yes sir mr. Smith mr. Schwartz whatever you name it sir yes sir anything you say sir and then behind their back you bastard you know that crap.
tragic so anyway don't come into work on Monday Neil.
Yeah I had the I was very close to that same business with Bob Green once upon a time because unfortunately like I told you before Bob Green was like kind of a part time friend he was the boss he was like a part time friend when he was in the right mood and maybe when he was getting later whatever was.
See if you would have given him the map to show him that place back then maybe he would have been the better frame of mind but anyway don't come in on Monday.
And that wasn't even over spots or anything like that or a certainly over program content that was over promos that we weren't running because it had to do with spots because Nick Dragoon he up in Atlanta from Cox broadcasting decided they weren't making enough money on the station so let's add more spots in the hour.
And at no time by the way did we ever even come close to the spot load of this station did we come close no at any time of the day or night on that station but nevertheless so they added like a minute an hour.
And I think it was instead of 15 minutes an hour running 16 or something like that and to try to yeah and plus we had newscast we had all kinds of crap so to try to make it a listable format I went into Bob Green one day and I said well what are you going to I'll just drop the promos just don't worry about him just to cross him out okay that'll help.
For breaks an hour that's two minutes an hour so we got the one minute back plus another man that's great.
So then Steve Nichol gets his nose involved in this but I mean but I'm about to come in on Monday morning of course you know.
We kind of like quietly agreed that maybe we would run I don't know what the deal was and we didn't run him on that one day under my instructions so right away they're ready to to a blow me out the door and we're going to suspend you and we had a big meeting about and screaming and shouting and basically Bob Green finally hit a reason why the method he told me yes you don't have to run him at all.
But these are the can you know this is what you deal with when you're working for other people that's why life is generally a piece of crap when you're working for other people unless unless you adopt the attitude of Steve Goldstein the maven of radio the maven of human survival just don't give a crap just did out there attitude if they don't care why should you and I know I've said that to myself so many times over the years I tried desperately to be one of those people who just didn't give a good god damn I couldn't do it.
But now I don't I don't care. I'm very proud of myself how do you like that I'm ecstatic that I don't give a shit anymore right.
Feel much better for shows going great I feel like I've gained 20 years in my life thanks Gelly Gelly for president.
And so if the commercial breaks are too long if Joe ever gets to be the adult which might happen someday he's you know good guy but very very juvenile.
Someday he's you know he's trying to grow up.
You got to understand he's a former jock you know he has a locker room mentality like most of his audience does.
But if he ever grows up he'll realize that there's no sense getting all been out of shape and out of whack because there's nothing that bluff lands you anybody else on God's green earth can do about it.
They're going to keep running those long breaks as long as we have like more than a one share they don't care they want the money and they have to have the money so that maybe someday they might play for those franchises see I blame the sports nerds out there I blame those people.
Because if you don't want to have all those stupid guy damn ball games on this station could still be the sports station without all the ball games on effect this was the sports station before they got the dolphins right I think the first thing they had to got the marlins in the panthers they made that deal.
Is that any anything to write home about no and how to make it even worse now we got herical in sports coming.
Now you remember those days that I would be when we had dolphins in hurricane and all the other spots that I have to run on all the other promos you think the formats bad now wait until September or October whatever the hell it is when the first hurricane game comes on football.
Oh my god you'll say geez we should like it the other way.
But everybody's an expert they all know their crap here's Miramar hello.
Hey Neil yes sir is that true the real red and butter of the stations exactly the same as it was IOD that's you in the dolphins when you're in season that's about it.
No I don't think they make a lot of money on the dolphins the dolphins is like busy work and and the dolphins is even less so bread and butter that used to be because like I said they now forced them to carry out the game on FM and the game is also one in Spanish and except for the rare blacked out home game all the games around television anyway so the audience that's really left over for the dolphins these days is minuscule compared to what it used to be.
I remember growing up with the kid I step out my front door and every radio down the street here's echoing the dolphin game IOD with back then was a requever right we were managed there was I grew like a staple of my my fun time back then exactly that's a good old day you know where we were is now he is and on queer streets right now that's where he is I miss all rick we were yeah he was great and he and least we know what his name was to that was good I remember saying I grow I grew up right there on a twenty hour line watching greasy and they met him my dad.
Yeah. Yeah. One more thing I didn't want you to just put it in the output no go on that list. No. Oh, he invented that. Make put out for the new man on there though. No, no. Have a great day. Anyway. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5. I tell you what this audience isn't pissed off and worked up about it this audience couldn't give a crap unless as usual and I like that I like that about our audience they're not as immature and juvenile as the morning show audience.
Don't you be emotional cripples. Oh, what are we going to do without the little dog. Oh, we depend on him to get through our day. You know, if you depend on any of us to get through your day, I would say it might be a good idea because we do suffer in this world from a severe overpopulation problem. Don't tell the Pope that you get another one of those bad headaches but nevertheless we have a severe overpopulation problem.
So if you're like that, depending on like somebody like Joe Rose to get through with a I would suggest just kind of like stepping aside giving a little more breathing room and fresh air for the rest of us to breathe and enjoy. I mean, just just a thought.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 at a moment. How about that game last night? Oh, boy. That was painful. I told you that Dallas would have to deny picked a score. I said Dallas to but I said Buffalo 3 instead of Buffalo.
Oh, of course, when you're playing in a quagmire, that what Dallas has done to this game and to this series is so unacceptable and so grotesque and that excuse for ice that they're playing on down there. It's a mockery and they're almost certainly not going to win this series.
Oh, yeah, the stars won the cup. The stars are great. Yeah, the stars suck. Okay. With all due respect. I mean, well for play good. But how many times how many shots period did he ever forget about tough? How many shots do you have in the game? 16 17 again?
Coma time. Coma time. Just when we thought we were building a little excitement momentum right away. There you go. And that's why Gary Batman does what I'm talking about the humidity and the temperature in there because again, sweet but out of the carpet. Pretend it's a great. Pretend it's realized. Okay. Pretend it's a real game.
At a boy, Gary, you piece of crap 21 before 11 at 560 WQN.
Right. All right. All right. Judge Judy, you know she's tough.
Hey, if I want any more lip out of you, Mr. I'll scrape it off my gavel when I smack you in the mouth. You know she's home spotted. Look so pee on my leg and tell me a phrase.
But now Judge Judy is taking it to the limit in an all new prime time special.
Unfox, the attorney general of the great status is allowing death row inmates to have their final appeal heard on TV before.
You'll see a charge. You'll look like it just comes for the eyes of you. You must be crazy if you think I'm going to buy that.
I said to you to death by the electric chair you are sitting in now and you last words before I like you up on national TV.
Can I get a cigarette and anything? No, you'll be smoking thrown in out. That justice. Death row Judge Judy style.
I can't.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, okay. Give the oxygen to Bob Cole, okay. He was also off his feet real bad last night on the CBC, but that's okay.
I'm going to say what they're into to make like David Janiel says in the paper this morning he says this barely qualified as ice.
It was more like a margarita. That's what they were skating on last night slush. Like ordering a slushie or a smoothie and then trying to skate on it.
And he called out a goddamn game. No, but that's okay. People say, oh, that's just an excuse. No, it's not an excuse, but that's the kind of crap they do down there.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Lake Worth. Hello.
Hi, Neil. How are you? Great. The guys who purchased the Marlins game. Are they still working for the station?
What do you mean? Are they still working? They own the station. Greg in the beastly. Yes.
Oh, they're the ones who made that. Greg Reed is the general man. Yes. He's the one that had a satisfy zone ego by being Mr. Sports.
But the Marlins games. If anything, the Marlins should be giving those games to the station are actually paying the station. The broadcast.
They're not. We're spending millions and millions of dollars every year just for the honor and the right to try to sell advertising on that crap that nobody wants.
Do you have to play the Marlins games? Is there any way you can't just suck it down and we can't suck it down. We have to play the Marlins games. Yes, we do.
And they're giving us and we're so we them and it's a one big goodness because Greg Reed wants to be a sports hero.
Well, the dolphins aren't so bad. At least that's once a week and it's on the weekend. Yeah.
But for the person who's driving during the week and let's see, I think the dolphins that if we're lucky, they can break even on the dolphins and maybe make a little bit of money.
You know, with a pregame and a postgame and the 85 hours of four play and the draft show.
But maybe they can make a few bucks on that. The Panthers have got to be like, you know, there's how much money can they get for those games.
So that's a wash. They can't make any money on that. And the Marlins were losing millions of dollars every year on.
So even in Palm Beach, like the other station, JNO, when you have an afternoon game and I get in the car, I'm going between Hank and JNO and I hear Joe Angel.
I'm like, oh my God, the Marlins, it really makes you not even want to listen to the station. Find an alternative station.
They must be killing you. They're killing us. They're all stirring us financially and ratings wise every otherwise.
But like I see again, the I mean, if Joe Rose would have gone into the Greg Reed who go conveniently by the way, without a time yesterday, again today, if he would have gone there into Greg Reed and said,
I mean, even I would have been an appropriate probably would have got canned. We just said, hey, here's the guy who really has some balls.
And like the one guy said, this one went to bad for the audience. But by going to a guy who's got no control over this whatsoever. What's the point?
Now when they bought the Marlins, is it with a package with the dolphins?
Yeah, it was all one big unhappy package, right? So it's Wayne.
The Marlins now is John Henry, but the rest of it is Wayne. That's right.
But at the time when I was out of the ballpark, it's winning every day and have a great day.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60. I mean, to me, this is all hat because I talked about it over there on the other station.
I talked about an IOD and, essentially, I said they've mortgaged the place away. They'll never make the money back. They're going to lose their ass, which is why they had to bring me over here.
So we can put some spots on here in midday and bring a lot of cash in here.
And believe me, they're rolling the money to this place like water coming out of your faucet.
Okay, that's how much money is coming through here. And they still can't make ends meet.
And that's why still people like manage have to come in here and get their checks like three months late.
Because that's the way they operate. So we can afford to pay for Greg. We'd, you know, it's like a little kid with a monopoly set, you know.
And in his case, it was a more expensive monopoly set. It's all those sports franchises.
This was his dream. This is his lifelong ambition to be the general manager of a sports station.
So we can go around and say, I'm Greg. We need everybody can go. Yeah, we know. We heard all those spots.
But it's your kill. That's in good time this morning. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's for a lot of Dale. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. It's obvious from listening to you that you have an extreme jealousy of Joe Rose.
Yeah, I'm very jealous of Joe. I tell you why.
Basically a paycheck because he's an athlete and you could never be an athlete. Yeah, probably uncorrect.
I don't have any desire to be an athlete. He's got more talent as a radio.
How come, let me ask you this? How come Joe Rose doesn't have higher ratings than we have on a show?
And how come you're listening to the show right now? Because I
So in other words, because Joe Rose was wrong in this case, which guess what?
He admitted that he was wrong off the air. He's already admitted.
And because I'm saying that therefore I'm jealous of Joe Rose. He told you he was wrong. Yes.
Oh, yeah. Yes. Well, what's he going to do? Is he going to quit? No. What's going to happen to him?
What's going to happen to him? Is he going to be back on Tuesday? Can you handle that? Can you wait till Tuesday?
No, I can't. Okay. Well, I go boy, your brain's on. Here you go. And there's another one for you.
Get set. Yeah, I'm jealous of Joe Rose. Yeah, I wish I had a big head like that.
I wish I could sing air around the club tonight. You know what I'm saying?
I mean, there's one I will grant you one thing. There's one thing Joe and I have in common. I like the Wii Wii.
Yeah, there you go. I would agree with that. But other than that,
560, 705, 60, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Yeah, I sure wish I had to work about a half a dozen jobs to scratch out a living.
I wish I could do that. Joe happens to be a good guy. I like him. He likes me.
But there you go again. The audience loving to do this contrived controversy driving the wedge. Yeah, are you against Joe? Yeah.
Because Joe was full of crap.
Like I said, emotional cripple. The word those words just keep rolling through my mind. I'm savoring them. They're delicious.
You're saying them emotional cripples. And this guy's a perfect example of it.
Oh, he was once an athlete. Woo, Wii. Was Einstein ever an athlete? No.
No. Roosevelt. No, not in that chair. I guess. No. No.
The most important people in the history of mankind. So I know this comes as a, I know you probably have to sit down before I say these words.
Okay. And hold on to something real tight. Squeeze it real tight. The most important people in mankind were athletes.
I'm jealous of people who got a brain. Those people I admire. People who can speak like five or six languages.
Clearly, I'm a jealous of those people. People who actually know something that might mean something someday.
I'm real jealous of those people, but somebody who played a stupid game and got paid for it and were a bunch of tight pants and a jockstrap and shower with a bunch of other guys.
Well, maybe I was jealous of that, but they all were ugly in those days.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line. Emotional cripples. I love it.
Here's a mobile in four lottery. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir.
I've been thinking about this for a long, long time, probably six, seven minutes. But I think you should make it a home shopping network.
And you should be the only one on there. Yeah. There are between. Oh, you already heard what? We must first let that out.
That's what I think you should do. Put all the guys out and could do garage sale of the day. I'm hanging on that. We can do the action auction. Yeah.
And we can do that in the morning and the afternoon and hang in like so we can do a bookie thing on here. We can get all the bookies on here.
And we can run bets so we can like, you know, skim off the top on that deal. Well, I know you get all the lady collars for the garage sale.
So you'll pick up some good point. We've got some women, which we have no women collars or a less than anything on this station. That's right.
Other than to be on the mobile. Okay, start from Monday. Thank you, sir. Thanks Monday. Huh?
And next Monday starts the home schlock network here on the and we'll be running in 60 minutes an hour. That's a way to do it.
That would like nine minute breaks. We'll just do 60 minutes of spots all spots all day. And we'll be the one by the way that called it all spots radio.
Oh, could that have been. Oh, God. Yeah. How come I could pick up on that so fast like two years ago before I ever came anywhere over near and near this joint. I know it was going to be.
And this audience is like, like I said, emotional cripples. Oh, I love that.
So anyway, what are your thoughts on that the UML Alabama game? You know, Vegas odds are 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. So instead of blaming the commercial breaks for ruining this radio station or some of the shows, how about like I'm doing telling you the truth and blaming some of the collars.
How about telling it like it is instead of sucking up to everybody that's on the air, especially in the morning.
I'm sure that I'm not the only one who is a gas when I hear those kinds of calls. I mean, just just in disbelief that there actually are such lifeless people that they got to call into a radio station to find out the line on the God damn college baseball game so they can make a bet to get to their afternoon.
As an emotional cripple. What is that? I'll give you a hint. It's a. Oh, is that one of the most pads that they were throwing during the Yankee game? Oh, hey, Joe Rose. Joe Castello's still got his.
No, the reason I know it's not Joe, Joe Rose is because this Joe is here today. It's a mouse pad. Oh, I can have the. Thank you. Look at that. That's sweet. Joe Castello is surrendering his mouse pad to George. That's beautiful.
I wonder if there's something for you and about that because generally one God gives his mouse to another guy. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line. That must be one of the ones that wasn't showing out on the field the other night and maybe the only one.
Here's a lady mobile in Hollywood. Hello. I can't wait until golf all night at the stadium. Yes, ma'am. Hi, me. How are you doing? Pretty good. I was thinking about you last night when I was watching the news and I heard about the proposed item in Congress and the Senate about bringing the 10 commandments back to the table. I think they should do it. I think they should put that in. I think that the kids who are studying your bum, it's.
They should be ready to have to or during the room period and eventually we reach a point where not only the kids will bring guns and just hold the teachers will bring gun. There you go. That's not. I think Bob bar put that in the bill last night in the house at about two and a half.
I hope so. That's really. They're guns to school. Okay. Thank you. I don't give a. No. They can put the hot door and the 10 commandments all that stuff in it. I don't care. It's not going to change anything. It's just a bunch of crap. It's it's more of the you know.
More of the busy work that they do up there in this country because instead of dealing with real problems, they come up with this crap.
And most of the public suck it up. Oh yeah, that's a good idea. If we just said a lot more prayers and stuff, everybody will be real good. Yeah.
5 6 7 0 5 16 pound 5 60 on a mobile one interest. There's absolutely no interest on the listeners in the show whether Joe. In fact, that would be a good pool. Does anybody in the listing this show care where the Joe Rose ever comes back? That's a good question.
Because I still like you know who? Yeah. Oh yeah. 10 times the athlete. 10 times the broadcaster. 10 times the sense of humor. 10 times the men. Yeah. There's a guy. In fact, you know something. I think that there's something. I don't want to mention any names, but there's some people working on this radio station out of kiss the ground every day and thank the Lord that Jim Manages got that construction business that takes up most of his time.
Because can you imagine if he wanted to pursue a full time radio career? Huh? Oh my God. Yeah. Every some people out here just don't let the acid you don't let the acid you on your door on the way out. Isn't that how that goes? Something like. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line.
Go and tease with our manicure go tease is a gay day after all. We'll be holding hands in adventure and watch the lies of a valley marching band. We'll make tourists treat with a kiss on the cheek. It's a gay day after all. We can wear tight shorts, pay the gold one.
We're mask. We can then go away as we can sense a shake. It's a gay day after all. MGM will have a liberty ball hosted by a whipped handler and rule ball. They'll be murdered.
It's a gay day after all. Okay.
Hey.
It is the gay, the house, the road, it's the gay, the house, the road.
What's that?
You got hangin' on the get-sure.
And the Southern back teeth are pretty upset about that.
The Catholic Church is all upset about that mad-day and ben-affleck movie.
You see that? The Church is goin' like-
Oh!
It's blasphemy and un-anonacos and all these people-
Oh, gee, to see them think about the tank of men is-
See, I'm not gonna get myself all ben out of shape about those things.
Because you want to know why?
I don't give a sh-
That's right.
What beverage is it gonna make?
Not gonna make any difference.
And like I said, all these same pussy's out there that spend their own money and they go to some sporting event.
And they have to stand there while some get-skees up there, givein' some prayer.
You know, it rings hollah with me.
Because 99% of the people in the country will go along with the program no matter what the program is.
So what difference does it make?
What are you bitchin' about?
That was shout-out not the-
The-
The-
The-
The-
The-
The-
The-
The-
The-
The-
The-
The-
The-
The-
The-
The-
The-
The-
The-
The-
The-
The-
Here's a mobile in Hellendale, hello?
Hey, the eye you doin'
Great.
I was just wanting to make a porn in the color-colored color earlier.
Is it will keystays on the West Palm Beach, I guess?
You know, sometimes to be honest, it's you about six months ago.
I was in my car like all day.
And so I was listening to you on the morning, showing on Fortunately and hanging-
I had to know and I got to be honest with you.
I gave in the car about 12-15 and I just hear that voice of that Martin West tell me I'd be so depressed.
And I'd be so depressed.
I've been listening to that hear that voice.
I just I feel like somebody like you're stabbing me in the back. I can't stand it. I don't understand how to
That's how this entire audience feels like they're being raped like they're being ripped off on those days when we get preempted for now and a half because the
Marlins are playing a big game. I kind of like it.
You get to go home. That's right. I always say to myself.
I'm in my car a lot. I just want to thank you. You make my day a lot. You know that you make it go
So really fast. In fact, you know something just dawned on me. Thank you very much for bringing this to my attention.
I think I'm going to change my tune about that dome stadium. You know, I think we got to build a dome
Same because then we probably have a lot more day games.
Thanks a lot pal. All right. Okay. Huh? You're following my logic now. See they're not going to play day games now because it's 110 degrees in the shade.
So they don't play very many home day games. Most of those day games are on the road.
But boy, if we had a nice dome stadium or was always like a cool 72 degrees inside and whatever.
Huh? Never rain. No rain delays. 12 30 every day. Maybe that's the April, May, June, July, August, September. Sounds excellent.
One call on the board here. A real slow Friday, but that's okay. You want to play like that. I'll just leave early.
5 6 7 0 5 60. What? Oh, I'm not joking. I'm dead serious. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
I mean, I really thought that the audience was whipped up into a frenzy bottle. This already doesn't care.
They don't care if your roses suspended. I mean, they don't like wishing many bad luck, but they don't care about your rose.
Unlike that one guy that called all emotional before again pretending that he only listened to the show because I pissed him off. Well, great.
At least I make you feel something. Okay, sir, which in this town, that's a miracle.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Greatest actors and actors. And by the way, you want to know why they were never getting a response on it?
Because first of this whole thing is based on these old parts, you know, which I mean, granted they were great actors and actresses, but they had to be their debut.
Had to occur before 1951 or occurred after 1950, but they died.
You follow what I'm saying. It's not easy to figure that out, but never less than other old timers.
So that's like the thing with, you know, with Roosevelt. Nobody in this audience even knows who the hell FDR was, much less belonging on another list.
So we're not going to get any response on that. Who the hell in this audience has got any idea who Fred Astaire was or Jimmy Cagney or Clark Gable or Gary Cooper or Gregory Speck and Audrey Hepburn and
Ingrid Bergman with an illegitimate kid and Greta Garbo for quite a lot of course back before I was born.
So let's like I said, let's go back to the jury after a show that we used to do and talk to some old parts.
You know, then we can relate to each other. We can talk about things that we all understand instead of these punks.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Tamarack. Hello?
Tamarack. Hello. Yes, sir. What am I on a radio now? It sounds just like you.
Well, I really wanted to talk to you before I got on air. How are we going to do that?
Well, I really don't know now. Well, it's possible I should have called before and asked to talk to you personally.
I don't do that. Oh, I see. Well, I was told that I could speak with you concerning the seminal Indian gaming reservation,
concerning the bingo hall that they have. Yeah, what you can't.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. I mean, just just a hello.
Oh, am I on the air now? Just from the beginning of that I knew already we were in trouble.
Oh my god. Oh, see what I'm saying right off the bat?
I love those people who call me. Oh, well, we listen for the carers. Yeah, you listen for the car.
Yes, okay. Like right there.
You talk about lifeless. You talk about, I mean, just just a little bit of oxygen couldn't hurt in his case.
You know what I'm saying? Just a little puff of oxygen couldn't hurt. A little puff on maybe something.
Yeah, that might help. I'm going to tell you right now instead of nailing up the 10 commandments on the walls and all the schools.
How about free weed for everybody? Okay, mellow everybody out. Then nobody could kill each other.
Christ almighty. You just you get out there in your little car, your big car, whatever, a piece you're driving out there on the roads and you look around, you look to your left, you look to your right.
In fact, if you in your car right now do it, look to your left and look to your right. And you'll say, Jesus Christ, who the hell are these people? Where am I?
You'd be like Admiral Stockdale, who the hell am I and where am I?
Here's a mobile and in Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Hello, how's it going? Great.
There is a common denominator tracking you for a long time. The incompetency in radio, management, wins, schools, data, IOD and now here.
Yeah. Why does fire casting always bring the incompetent people?
Because usually they hire glorified salespeople to be in management.
Or Ankins salt and it's like water stable. Yeah, they bring in but he's also another one.
We glorified salespeople. I have no idea about programming. We don't understand they're asked from your elbow.
And you find this thing though, I heard him say something that the car is made to show and I almost drove off the road.
I did hear that. Yeah, the car is in the backbone of our show. Maybe that explains maybe they had a kind of exam in that.
As far as going on. Especially when listen, when there's a show and there's three guys on the year on the show plus all the other people working in the background for anybody to get out and say the car is in the backbone of the show.
To me, that's like an admission that the show sucks, you know. And here's another thing with the show. Now, you know, the other
station, I was telling the hurricane games, the championship, whatever the series. And now when they're in this
championship now, they're going to carry the final game. What's with that? I mean, why would they be allowed to do that?
I mean, just a concept of how they because it's on a Saturday and it'll kill a lot of good time.
Exactly. I don't have to pay anybody to be on there. Just like with the display coupling.
I will. We'll carry it to a more for time. It's filler. That's right. Then we don't have to pay any
income in that day. That's right. I got you. I mean, one of the just get the public service takes on
other ones is keep credit. Same thing. But as far as two rules goes, he should be written the
ground. He's even on the air. Yeah, I would agree with that. I'm going to tell you.
Until I embarrassed him and he had that gap in his teeth. He was going nowhere until I I'm
going to take credit for his career. I'm embarrassed by it. And I had a great day and get
in the phone here. I mean, you good call, but there's a little bit. Okay.
Yeah, I take all the credit or maybe it's blame in this case for getting Joe Rose as far as he
is because until I got caught for the teeth, he would like the laughing stock of the market.
Remember that? I just begged him. Day after day, I was over there at IOD, but I still I'd see him
there on Channel 6. Joe, please, you're on television. You can't have like that, you know,
that 18 inch missing gap like the Evelyn Woods or whoever the hell it was. Rosemary Woods. James Woods.
He's got an 18 inch gap and all those craters is what he's got. And all of a sudden one day,
I look on there and his Joe's got his A.A. one guy a little bonding there with his dentist.
And now he still looks like a, you know, a geek but nevertheless, at least he'll have that big gap in his mouth.
You know what I mean? 10 past 11 at 560 WQM, we're right.
Correct. I'm f***ing low. Thank you for attending today's conference on how to deal with the Y2K
problems. I would like to announce the development of a new software system, which will be year 2000
compliant. This program is known as Melania Year Application Software System or My Ass.
Next Monday, there will be a meeting in which I will show My Ass to everyone. We will hold
demonstrations throughout the month so that all employees will have an opportunity to get a good
look at My Ass. We have not addressed networking aspects yet, so currently only one person at a time
can use My Ass. This restriction will be removed after My Ass expands. Last week, my secretary said to
me, I'm a little nervous. I never put anything in My Ass before. I helped her through the first
time and afterwards she admitted that it was relatively painless and she was actually looking forward
to doing it again and was even ready to kiss My Ass. As you begin using the program, feel free to put
anything you want in My Ass. As My Ass grows larger, we envision a time when it will be commonplace
for a supervisor to hand work to an employee and say, here, stick this in My Ass. It will be a great
day when we need data quickly and our employees can respond. Here it is. I just pulled it out of My Ass.
Welcome. Speaking of that, by the way, it's a black deal, though, that Roy finally brought us back
together. Roy, this thing is warm to enough. I mean, I'm not really sure where this has been and I
are not sure that I want to know, believe me, but nevertheless, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. And didn't I tell you, by the way, today's the
day the kids are all out of school, right? Am I right about that? That's right. And what
did I tell you about today? Today's the beginning of the demarcation line. I might just take off
early the day because of that. I'm not fooling anybody. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T
wireless line. Here's Miami Lakes. Hello. How you doing? Great. Are you hearing me?
I hear you're just like you're on a phone. Yeah, I am. Let me turn this thing off.
How you doing, Neil? Let me say again. Great. It sucked. It sucked. I thought so. I wanted
something better, but I wanted to be one of the worst games I have ever been. Oh, waste
with it. The ice was an embarrassment. It's a matter of flavor. How about those two
referees? Yeah. How about those two referees? They were spectators. I think they had a pay for
their tickets last night. They were spectators. It was so embarrassing. Yeah. But the main thing that I
want to talk about is that I mean, this will be thought we finally had a real series going on.
All of a sudden, man, that was garbage.
Garbage. It has one more team, one more game, I guess. Yeah. Let me ask you something to
thank, Neil. I have a friend of mine brought to me from Cuba from the cigars Montecrestle.
See? Is there any way that I can wrap one up and get one of those emblems send it to your office?
No. No. No. It'll lose something in the translate. Oh, it will. I appreciate it, but we got 8
million cigars from next year and we don't want to know. Really, but you don't have Montecrestle.
I don't know. Okay. The other thing that I want to talk about, I'm a fan of Gary Cooper,
Fred Stair. Yeah. And I don't know if you saw that. Fred Stair, by the way, there's another one
who was not a actor. He was a dancer like Jean. What are these dancers doing on the acting list?
No. Fred Stair is number five. He was the fifth greatest actor of all time. Oh my god. Fred
Stair. Fred Stair. Yeah. I'm sure he had a right actor. Gary Cooper, I think Hainon is one of the
best films I've seen. In fact, I think Gary is going to be at that gun show this weekend.
Oh, okay. Yeah. Yeah. Have a great day, pal. Okay. Come down. See, that's another thing.
Somebody called me and was it yesterday or sometime in the last couple of days? Well,
you know, there's a spot running during your show. I know how you feel about the NRA and
he's gunless. We have no control over that. All of a sudden, the audience is so concerned
about spots. Okay. Well, I never have any control over that. The best. So much. Yeah,
I'm out here with that crap. There you go. But all of a sudden, they're all like, you know,
just stop being so concerned about things that you can't control. Okay. Stop. Yeah. Your life
will be much sweeter a lot longer and will all be a lot happier. But of course, being too happy
here, they don't like that. Five, six, seven, oh, and I forgot. This is great. This is the all-time
greatest experience I have ever had in my life. So yesterday, I go over to get my mail at my private
box, you know, and I'm driving to the lot there to go for the little strip shopping center to go
out back on to a brown bull bar. And I'm coming to the end of the row of cars to make my left turn
to go to the exit lane there. And there are two guys standing there. One of them, one of the sports
nerds that I was talking about one of these left. We're kind of like a lot of facial hair and glasses.
It looked like a real nerd and he's got like either a dolphin or a hurricane jersey. I'm not
really sure which. Okay. An adult, not like some kid, like I would say, you know, 38 to 45,
somewhere near old enough to know better. Looking like a clown. And so as I'm approaching,
where they're standing, which is the end of the row of the cars, he gets this look at and he's
not even looking at me. Okay. He's looking at my car. Well, I got news. I'm driving my metallic blue
beautiful 1990, a new Corvette. So there is many reasons for me to scrunch up there.
You know, is when they see the front end of my car or the ass end either. And then he looks at
and I'm sitting there with a Stogie in my mouth. I just got the mail on the seat there.
Like that. Like a look that would be like that. And so I had to sit there and look both ways
to before I made my left to see if there was any. And as I'm sitting there, I give a glance. He's like
like Igor. Yeah, like Chris the bathhouse.
Giving me a look like like like I just opened a window with a real bad one.
Like I just opened a window and slung out a pile of elephant crats right in his face.
And I started laughing so hard. I mean, just think of who this is. Here's an adult standing
there with his little dolphin jersey on and is it oh, and I'm thinking of myself. He's
gonna answer. Wow. I sure hope I see you again in the parking lot by the way. I'll show you just
how far that car how fast that car goes and how easy it handles to by the way.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless on that was so precious that told me everything I
needed to know about this place. Here's a mobile in candle. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir.
Leo, how are you? It's morning. Great. I got a question and a complaint for you.
Complaint? Complaint. Why must I listen to the words ethnic Albanian 50,000 times in the
morning used today? Yeah. And in closing. Sorry, what you think of the weather this weekend? I'm
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT. Oh, there must have been a guy standing there with a dolphin
jersey on. You think that was him? I think so. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Your votes for the greatest actors and actresses of all time. The older the better. How about
Rural Fallentino? He was a ****. Yeah, we know about him. Meried all those bull bikes. See,
there's all your kids out there. There's always a real good tip for you. Okay. When a guy keeps
hanging out with or even worse, Mary's bikes, that generally means he's probably ****, but never
the less. Here's Delray Beach. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I cried the day the radio died,
which was when no disrespect to you when someone you left. Yeah. I listen all day every day.
And that was just the best, but those douchebags and, you know, the directors have to
go screw things up. Well, that's a long time ago. We can't live in the past. I mean,
for those great buddies not here anymore. He's not coming back. And we're doing the best we can.
Okay. It doesn't hurt to reminisce though. Come on. Yeah, if it does, when it comes to that stuff,
we can't live in a past. It's okay. Reminishing about like Rocky Ruttenberg in that last trip to
Vegas. That's fun to reminisce about. And as far as the colors being the backbone of the show,
that's so far off. It's you ripping the backbones out of the colors. Right. That's the show.
All right. Listen, I got news for if we had good calls in this town, we have like a, we'd be
number one half if we had the call. Now you have to be at some good ones. Well,
you have to go through about 100 before we get one. That's worthwhile. You're starting the big
mayor on the South Florida scene is what it is. And it's embarrassing. Okay. Listen, I'm
getting out the flashlight. Have a great picture. We're shining a big flashlight out there. And
it's not a pretty site. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Rocky Ruttenberg goes,
hey, we're going to do another trip to Vegas. All right. Let's put it together right now. What do
you say? Huh? Yeah. You like it. You like it. You get a freebie. It's not what you heard.
They're again. What? Not with her though. Not with your wife. Oh, you mean with Rocky Ruttenberg?
Oh, yeah. How about a Shannon along? I got a great idea. Well, I better not say it on the air.
No, I was just thinking of at least four people I could go on that trip together.
Over several people's dead bodies, but nevertheless, maybe we can go to that gun show this weekend.
Get some of those taser guns. Some of those poison darts. It was good enough on that one.
Sherlock Holmes movie. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Yeah. Rocky Ruttenberg. This was one of the all-time great
promotion that wasn't bad enough. We had the first two Bob Lincoln disasters. And by the way,
I don't see Bob Lincoln hide in her hair with my travel books. I don't see him. It was God
the invite him in anymore with my fish oil capsules. Haven't seen hide in her hair of Bob Lincoln.
In a long time, but I do appreciate him by the way for hooking the up with Virgin Atlantic Airlines.
God are they great. I love Virgin Shagglantic. They're the best. But I don't see him at all. So we
had those two disasters. I mean, just unmitigated disasters. And being the stupidest I was, Steve
Knick will call me and oh, yeah, well, he's got all the contacts. He's got to make sure it's done
right. Well, we consider doing it one more time. Rocky Ruttenberg. Who now? Who is she related to?
His good friend that was always a Susan. Susan.
Tarrar. A Susie Jarrard. If you would have said Susie,
Ella. Susie Jarrard, who was once in a sales department at IOD, and somehow became developed
as an disastrous relationship with Steve Nicolar program director, who never met a behind-the-door
deal that he didn't like. What? Are you considering saying it or not? Well, don't say it.
But at any rate, so it turns out that Rocky Ruttenberg was like her mother-of-the-lar,
something like that. That's what the deal was. So he sets up this third deal to Vegas and makes
all kinds of promises to this woman. And naturally, we had this tremendous drop-off because people
that were involved in the two Bob Lincoln disasters, most of them didn't want a part of going to
Vegas with us again because they were, you know, it was a nightmare. And that's the best thing I can
say about those for two years. So now keep in mind, the station which had fourth Bob Lincoln to
buy a commercial schedule to get the free plugs on the Vegas trip, do they ask Rocky Ruttenberg to
buy any spots? No. No. Because this is an incestuous deal. I'll cook up behind a scene as usual
by Steve Nicol, who had his finger in it. You always had his finger in it.
Okay, the free promise. I'm getting to that.
And so I'm promoting it on the year. We're going to Vegas. Here's the dates. And if you'd like to
be involved, call this number and Bob talked to Rocky Ruttenberg. And is she buying any advertising?
No. This costing her a dime. Am I giving your $50 million worth of free promotion?
Yeah. And now she starts calling George like every time we turn him on.
I was promised a lot more promotion on this. You people aren't promoting this heavily enough.
I'm not getting enough calls. Even though we had recorded promos running around the clock.
And that's right. We also give her our running recorded promos the rest of the day,
which she wasn't paying for and it wasn't costing her a dime.
Oh my God. What three years in a row of absolute pure living hell. And guess what folks,
I can afford to go to Vegas whenever I feel like it and lose my, you know, when a thousand,
they're lose two thousand or twenty seven hundred whatever it might be the next time. And that's
said and have a great time. And I don't have to worry about all these poor desperate,
the disappointed people at the airport looking me and the eye with that evil look like,
why did you do this to us? And I'm sitting on a plane if we ever got on there. Like that second year.
Remember we saw the plane. It was sitting on the other side of the runway there. But we couldn't
get it over because Bob Lincoln hadn't paid the fee. The whatever the fee is to come to the gate.
Oh God. And he's on a phone talking to his son out there in Vegas who's getting married that
we can. So Bob is getting himself a free trip out of this deal. Did we go out there to his son's
wedding, which obviously was his number one priority while we got these two or three hundred people
learning airport wondering what the hell is going on here and why do we see our plane. We just can't
get on it yet. And the wedding party took up a giant table at the QAM party. And what was the
party? I would be part of it. I would be part of it. You turned out to be Bob Lincoln's son's wedding
party. Nobody could get a seat. Right. And the crowd would. And I'd say,
of course, the first year when at 747 showed up like about two hours late. And the air conditioning
didn't work. And we couldn't get anybody to push it back in for a lot of day. Our report because
they didn't have a thing to push back at 747. Oh. And there are still people with a straight
face saying, Hey, you're never going to do another one of those group trips to a Vegas again.
Anyway, hey, listen, just sit back and put a big round one in your post. Okay. And calm down.
I mean, a guy who called before about the what is it? Which one is he mentioning? Oh, the
Amante Cristo. I've had my crystals. They're very good. But you can get some guards as good or
better from our friends in next. You don't have to go and bring in bootlegs and imports and all
kinds of fancy, smanchy expenses of guards. Why do you wear school?
Have an exit to my mouth but the rest of me is okay.
And I feel worried that not looking there. Not when you have double V.
I know that the gas is. I've been dressed with a great pair. I've seen it hard to time to reach
my guitar. But you're best when they restart. My breasts are small. My nose is there.
I'm not fakes. They are my own and that's long as my career goes on. I will never show them.
1132 at 560. By the way, we have a special. We do have it all. It's been paid trip to Vegas for
two for the first guy on the audience who's spears Brittany. 567.0560.
860 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello. Hi, new. Let's cheer
them in Hollywood. What is it? My name is Tiernan. I'm called from Hollywood. Long-term listener.
First time caller. Okay. Neil, let's talk cocky. Yeah. You think the favors will do it? No.
You really don't pick so? No. Do you like the Buffalo favors? Yes, I do. If you listen to the show,
you just said you're a long-time listener. Well, on and off. I'm off today. If I can listen to
the phone, if I'm working, I can't listen to the show today. My game last night was pathetic.
Was it a disgrace? It was an embarrassment to this view of the human race. I know. I know.
I think it happened down. The thing about it was horrendous. Yeah. You know, it's all the bad things.
Like that's what the Kennedy's always say. How did that crap happen to me? That's right.
I know you're the bad guy. Okay. Have a great day. No. 567.0560.
05.560. On the AT&T wireless line. Yeah, my fingers were working real fast the last couple of weeks.
I mean, I've got that baby sharpened up. Like I put it in a little pencil sharpener. I got that thing
as sharp as a guy named Razerblade. 567.0560.560. On the AT&T wireless line. Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello. Hey, ma'am. Yes, sir. I got two more for your list. Two more what?
Two more people for your actors list. For my one list? For your actors list. Okay. Well,
you know, we got so many lists this week. You got a fine list. Hey, what about a rubber down
the junior? Yeah, he's great. He's a rubber down the junior. Yeah. Okay, rubber down the junior. Yeah,
he's good. 567.05. So let me ask you that's our poll question. You like an actor who takes it up
the record up the nose better. 567.0560.560. On the AT&T wireless line. Yeah, he's a great credit.
And who's the other one? Charlie Sheen. He's another misfit, you know. Always having a few problems
here and there. Of course, well, you know, when your father is now, let's see, the father is Irish.
And the mother was Mexican. Was that a esterves or was that like only one of the that was only a
well, yeah, hey, you better listen, Mr. You better start. I'm not sure if father's name was
that. So it had to be at least a great machine. Martin's original name was a Sheen Sheen. He's from
the Sheenie Alps. Estabes. That was his real last name. Martin Sheen is Mexican.
Really? No way. Martin Sheen is Martin. I think it was born in Ohio or something like that.
Why would a kid be named Estabes? Oh, I just had even one that changed his name. Okay. Wouldn't have
their mother's last name. I think you're right. But it's just I know. He just don't look Mexican to me.
I always thought he was like, well, maybe they like him. I think it was like liberal. Okay. Let's see.
Martin Sheen. It just has lots of movies that this never any information. Well, there's somebody
we'll call him that vaccine guy. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. With the next 10 minutes, we'll have
we'll have a shoe size. We'll have his penis size. We'll have every piece of information about
Martin Sheen. You could ever want. And I'm sure a hell of a lot more that you'll never want to know.
God. I mean, all I'm doing is asking because Charlie Sheen is another one of those, you know,
all these problem people that got in the Hollywood. By the way, anybody seen River penis lately?
No. He ain't doing too good. And my good buddy, Johnny Depp, that used to be such a great guy,
back in the days when he knew me. See, if he'd hung around me, he'd be in a lot better shape today.
And so would I. Here's a mobile and four-letter, Dale. Hello?
Hey, Danielle. I just came back from Las Vegas for the first time. I was there for nine days.
Yes. And you were there for nine days?
Yes. My mother moved out there. She lives in Sommel and so I brought the kids down with me. The kids
didn't like it at all. They say it's a family town. Yes, they have 19 or 20-year-old children.
Yeah. But it was an interesting place. We would have Memorial Day and stuff.
So you sounded a little bit hostile like you didn't like it. There's what it sounds like to me.
You know what? I liked it. I liked this trip. But I won more money off the strip than I
went on the strip. What? What? What? What do you mean? Does it make where you win us?
Well, you never go to the Estonia. I bet you're pardoned. Did you ever gamble at the
Estonia? I never even heard of the Siesta. How about central spaces? Yeah. There's so many.
So what is your point? What are you saying? I want to know did you see the new hotel? Yes.
The Venetra. But what are you saying? You're your first you start out by saying the kids didn't like
it and it was supposed to be this but it's not that and it sounds to me like you didn't like it.
You know what? I don't really, I'm a gamble but I'm ready to go to the Baham is somewhere.
Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh my god!
Put them on a boat. Yeah, put them on a slow boat to Nassau.
You know something? I just come down. Just be perfect. Just think of guilty. Just think of that
squeaky voice. I don't give a sh**. There you go. See it works every time like a charm.
See, first of all, those of us who go to Vegas, we don't want you to bring your little punky kids out
there but if you had a brain you'd understand there's a million places you can take them and even drop
them off there like at the MGM and at the circus circus they got 50x caliber. They got 50 trillion
places for your punky kid. They got amusement parks, they got big rides there on New York, New York.
There's all kinds of things they could do there. This guy likes, you know, in nine days. Who the hell
in their right mind goes out there for nine days? Put him on a trip, put him up with Rocky Rett and
Bergen Steve Nickel by the way, give him their phone number. I always told that we're supposed to be
getting a lot more promotion for this god, Danette and then of course I would talk to him when she
denied, you know. I didn't call him. I didn't call him. Yeah, right. No, every time she would
have a conversation. Well, it's because, oh, and I almost forgot. I'm so glad. Oh, hallelujah.
It was a good segue. Speaking of people who are absolutely beyond a shadow of it out totally
and positively full of crap. People who are walking. Okay. I don't want to mention no names
of somebody that was in here on Monday morning who's asked I kicked out of here and I don't
ever want to see again. And what was that whole big song of dance all about that he wanted you to
make a tape and I finally had to make a photo copy of the piece of commercial copy here after seven
months and not giving me anything to work with because the client wanted to make some changes.
And that was on Monday that we had a big song of the dance and Papa has usually big dog and pony show
that he puts on. Now it's Friday. Is the same piece of copy still there? Uh-huh. Has there been any
change? No. Any addition? No. Any deletion? No. Any information? No. Anything happen at all? No.
No. I mean here's the evidence. It's right in my hand in the copy too. Okay. The evidence.
The dredger. Once again creating a big song of dance running all over the building.
But Nancy only here. Would they put up with crap like that? Only here would they tolerate
this guy and again because nobody is in charge. I think that's what Fort Bluff was trying to do yesterday.
Finally asked her to himself especially since Greg was out of town. You know finally say hey I got
a little bit of cloud here. I'm going to flex my muscle. He's been working out at the gym a lot.
He might as well flex it and his muscle too. Yeah. And for that I salute him for waffling all over
and calling that morning show this morning I say oh my god you know either you're going to flex it
or you're not. You can't be uh yeah. Not anyway. Todd Dreck once again striking tear into the hearts
of radio people and sponsors as well from coast to coast. Makes a big fuss a big song of dance.
But when it comes down to actually getting the job done. Getting the information.
Serving the client. Does it happen with his guy? No. No absolutely positively not. Is Ray Perry involved?
No. Is Karen involved? No. Is there anybody that know? See so like I said I'm not going to get all
upset about it. What's the point? Because it's not going to change. I don't give a sh- Exactly. Thank you.
Thank you Gellie.
Twenty-two noon at 560 WQA.
Bill's people are ice-holes.
This summer there's no Lollapalooza.
So you got to see Lollapalooza. Lollapalooza.
1999. No kids on the box.
What?
Your idols.
People.
Slot.
Markey Mark and the funky bunch.
Because Markey Mark is.
Perry Manelor.
And the guy from Millie Vanille that hadn't killed himself yet.
Training on the rain.
Loser Voluzor 1999.
Concert by value jet.
And Served Serimone is K-O-K on and Monaco Winsky.
Loser Voluzor 1999.
Loser Voluzor.
Okay. So as you predicted our Fed and Fax are here.
Faxing is all kind of stuff.
Anything you could ever possibly want to know.
And a hell of a lot of stuff that nobody in their right mind would want to know.
First of all about Martin Sheen.
And our Charlie Sheen, which acts in a waste basket.
Anyway, Martin Sheen, you were absolutely correct.
Was born Ramon Estevez in Dayton, Ohio.
Now see the reason that the people like this aren't on this list is because they don't
meet the qualifications of the American Filaments to do.
Which makes this whole list of waste of time.
Anyway, why should anybody on to the age of 100 be interested?
See, I take back what I said today.
William Holden is definitely in my top five.
But Robert Duval from my money is the greatest actor of all time.
And you're going like with like with Marlon.
What? You know that.
No, Marlon Brando.
I mean, the Godfather was great.
But the idea that Marlon Brando was the greatest actor of all time.
To me, it's like, maybe the fattest actor of all time next to Dom Delewee.
Like you said, we all have our favorites.
Yeah.
And he's not mutiny on the bounty.
You'll not be chubby.
Yeah, he always did.
He also something he didn't need the cotton in his cheek.
You know, he always had that same.
It's so rare.
But anyway, he's good, but not Robert Duval.
Look at all the great network and Godfather one and the great Santini.
And then that one where you play the crazy preacher.
I mean, Robert Duval, any all different kinds of roles, always spectacular.
Great.
And Martin Sheen should certainly be on list, but he's not on list because he don't qualify
because his first movie, The Infinite, was in 1967.
But I'm on Estevez.
Now, of course, one kid, Emilio Estevez, as the bird used to say, Estevez.
But Charlie Sheen was born Charlie Estevez, but he changed it to Sheen because
Daddy to the town sure as hell better than that.
Well, no, because Daddy changed his name.
And if you're in Hollywood, you're supposed to have everybody in the family
with a whole bunch of different last names anyway.
And different parents.
Here's a mobile in North Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Hey, young.
Yes.
Listen, if I'm on Estevez, it was born in Dayton, Ohio like you said.
Yes.
August 3rd, 1940.
And he took the name, he gave it 9D shoe size.
He took the name Sheen, okay, from a Catholic priest that was very influential
when he was growing up in Dayton.
Oi.
Yeah.
So he took this name from his mentor who was Father Sheen or whatever, you know.
So in other words, he was used to be Mexican, but now he's Irish.
No, he is not Mexican.
His parents were Spaniards.
That's Spaniolish.
Oh, there were Spaniards.
How can he be Spanish?
How can he not speak for the list?
He does not speak for the real.
The phone for spoke with a list.
That's why they spoke with the list.
I don't know if you know that.
That's why they want.
Are they speak with a list because it'll King Alfonso.
We had that first, right?
Yeah, the first.
Well, I think the Romans got to him is what to do.
Yeah, and it's very interesting.
I don't know if you've noticed that I'm on Estevez, Martin Sheen.
And Michael Douglas participated together in a lot of movies.
They're very close friends.
They worked together in New York in the 60s and Danny DeVito.
You know, a little guy who didn't play.
Shortstop, but could have.
Right.
Danny DeVito.
I think he's a cool cook.
If he asked me, yeah.
But he's a very good, I like that movie.
LA Confidential.
He was in.
Yeah, I liked the cook was.
And two, because Martin.
I want my Cinter-X Miss Ratchet.
They're all close friends.
That's why you only get that collaborating.
How come we never saw that guy again?
I want to glasses Mr. Douglas.
No, I saw him in a movie afterwards.
I think he was in carried.
He was the best.
He was the end of that.
I want my Cinter-X Miss Ratchet.
My favorite one was when they were playing polka.
Yeah.
And they're sitting there and Martin.
He breaks his cigarette says five cents.
And Nicholson goes into his IRA.
Yeah.
That's a classic lesson about Bill Holden.
Yeah.
You know what the best Bill Holden movie?
Network.
Uh, no, Bill Holden wasn't in that.
Yeah, he wasn't in that.
He wasn't in network.
Well, it's just someone posh that must have been in there.
Yeah, he was in network.
I forgot.
But I like the old Bill Holden movies.
My favorite is the counterfeit terrorists.
OK.
If you ever get a chance to see it, you know, you'll love it
if you're a Bill Holden fan.
I love Bill Holden.
He was great.
He was a great person.
I'm supposed to show a don't all new young people out there.
Don't get in the Hollywood because Bill Holden was one
of the great actors ever.
He died.
He died the drunk.
He did.
They went and fought him.
I had a heart attack right with a bottle of sand.
And he's I'm 36 years old and I love Bill Holden.
And you know, who else I like?
My favorite walk I'm actor.
I'm free ball.
Yeah.
Well, the best.
Nobody's perfect.
OK, I have a great day.
I have a good one, Neil.
I'm free ball.
Sure.
OK.
I guess the American Cancer Society must have been a one
to that pool, huh?
Because he could sure smoke a mean packet canals or carton
is the case, maybe.
And maybe that's why Lauren McCall always talk about that
point.
You know, women who drink a lot and smoke a lot.
You know, I had the real Husky voice.
You know what I mean?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Maybe that's why they have handicapped figures on it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the 18th.
Maybe they're just, you know, larynxly challenged.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
No, I want to touch basically about Deval, although we all
love him and adore him.
He is a great actor.
I have to pass along one bit of one tidbit of news about him.
One tidbit, yeah.
Christian Scientist.
So.
Mary Bearty.
Why?
Mary Baker Eddie.
Yeah.
Well, what about it?
I guess, you know, they're the one group that does leave everybody on it.
OK.
OK, thanks for the good news.
I mean, what do I care?
I don't care if he's a Scientologist, a Christian Scientist.
If he's just a rocket scientist, I don't care about those things.
See, that's one of the things, one of the problems that we've had with the paparazzi
and all of a sudden all these tabloids showed the tabloids of rags is that, you know, we
got to know all of these things.
And of course, the more you find out, the more unpleasant things you find out.
Because most people from Hollywood, like I said, only moments ago about Bill Holden,
they're drunks and drug addicts and degenerates, whatever else it is, you know, it goes with
the territory, I guess.
So I just like to enjoy their work and not have to know a big whole song of the dance
about their shoe size and all the other crap that they're doing and what churches are
going to, etc. and so on.
What fairytales they believe in.
In fact, I didn't even use the mind Charlton Heston until he became like, you know, a real
radical, right winged fanatic of gun sucking.
You son of a bitch.
Exactly.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the 18th.
I'll tell you one thing.
Martin Sheen is sure made a lot of movies man.
He has made a lot of movies.
Wow.
And also, oh, it's got all his stuff.
Oh, I see.
Here you go.
Because he also produced a lot of movies too.
Screenwriter, director, etc.
Dylan's you're in Capone.
My favorite though was 1983.
The movie he made about South Florida, the Dead Zone.
It's a great Martin Sheen.
He's a great actor.
Although I do like his, what about the milieu?
Is there something like missing?
Is there like a school loose there somewhere?
He's always got that real, even.
I know he's an actor, but even in his acting, he's always got that depressed look on his
face.
Like he's a little bit off, you know.
He wrote and produced a lot of movies also.
Yeah.
For a little punk.
Mm-hmm.
And he is a little punk, but he's okay.
He looked pretty good.
5, only depressed.
5, 6, 7.
In fact, he looked like the one kid in class.
He'd be the one running around shooting everybody else up.
That's what he always looked like to me.
But what do I know?
And then it turned out to be the brother was the one that was the psycho case.
Here's a mobile carol city.
Hello.
Hey, good morning, y'all.
Hey sir.
Great.
I tell you, another great thing about it's not Vegas.
You get to go to Henry at night.
Yeah.
I didn't know you knew that.
What do you mean you didn't know I knew that?
Well, I didn't know I'd go to Henry.
How would I not know that?
I've only been the biggest 8 million times.
Well, you'd always say how you don't drive an around and you're always on the strip.
When do I say that?
I say every time I've talked about Vegas, I say don't ever go there without running
a car.
That's true.
How about Carrie Grant?
He on the list?
Number two.
That's perfect.
Okay.
Have a great day.
Yeah, I think his pictures on Mount Rushmore now, by the way, Carrie Grant.
They knocked Teddy Roosevelt off the, they stuck Carrie Grant in there.
5, 6, 7.
Now who was that?
Was that even Marie St.
That was Northby Northwest?
Was that the movie?
The Hitchcock movie where he was running around with her up on the Mount Rushmore,
Northby Northwest.
No, because there were a group of women like Tippie Hadrin, she was in the birds and even
Marie St.
And by the way, all of them were hated Hitchcock like poison because he was trying to hit
on every one of them.
He was a real old troll off to that Hitchcock.
And of course, why not?
I mean, when you look like that, take it from me, take it from somebody who knows, you've
got to be an old troll.
So anyway, Monday we're going to be doing the first of a 10-part series about old Cuban
controls.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, Tom 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yes, I got back from Vegas Monday, late Monday morning.
I had a great time even though Delphi and S.W.
White up there.
Okay, it's not ready when we are.
I'll take it that Delta blows.
And it's a little.
I had a great time at a state of Samstown, which is a great place.
That's for its location.
Never been out there.
I see their bus all the time picking up all those 19-year-old people.
They're schlepping out there from the other joints, but it was good.
I went to meet people I talked to on the computer, so that was fun.
We got to go to the Red Rooster, which was very much fun.
So, yeah, I get out there once a year, at least.
So it's had a great time.
Okay, great.
Thank God for you, sir.
And have a great day.
There's a guy who had a good time.
I know that's unusual because that other guy, he said, Vegas sucks.
He said, you don't want to take your little kids out there.
And guess what?
Most of the rest of you don't want to take your little kids out there either.
How do you like that, sir?
Leave your little kids at home.
Get a babysitter.
Went out there free-loading, staying with Mahu, who was out there for nine days.
And, you know, probably went to all the cheap of phase at the places where you didn't
have to wait online.
Although I do like palestations.
They're the place to gamble.
The food there is outstanding.
And he's right about that.
You get better odds in the off-the-strip joints.
The off-the-strip joints are tourist traps.
And the other places are where the locals go.
That's fine.
But that could be.
I think that's only the second guy I've ever talked to in a hundred years that called
that anything negative is say about Vegas.
Which is fine, okay?
Because we don't want people like you out there.
We want people to smile on their face.
We're having a good time even if they're losing their goddamn life savings.
We don't care.
We just want happy people.
12.56 is the 12.56 is I better get out of here.
11.56 at 5.50 WQM.
Oh.
And now the League of Recharges citizens will perform their rendition of greenery.
And don't make fun of them.
They were very hard for this.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Don't forget, don't forget, Hank Goldberg to the staff.
Then we got Donnie B. A little four-played before the ballgame.
Then I'd Donnie B. At 6 o'clock.
830 pregame.
Marlins at the Colorado Rockies.
Any interest?
No.
I mean, Jim Marlins.
I mean, whatever his name is Jim Leeland Marlins is out there.
No.
No interest.
560.
Kind of like they showed today.
560.
560.
0560.
0560 on the mobile one line.
In fact, I'll guarantee you, if I had like a million dollars for every person in the audience who's in Vegas right now, I wouldn't come back on Monday.
Can you imagine how many of our people are out there in Vegas right now as we speak?
Because as I told you, I predicted yesterday the last day of school, and here's the demarcation line.
I bet you there are as zillions of people who just couldn't wait to throw the kids in a car, the dogs in the trunk, and just beat it down a lot of here.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
No.
Yes, sir.
And not to change the subject, but I saw something that came.
What is the subject?
Well, I don't know the actor thing.
No, that's not the subject.
Well, listen, you know, supposedly they're having another drug debate up there in Washington if you can call it that, and these right wing yachts who's up there want to make sure everyone knows that they're still have a hard line approach, you know, against all the criminalization issues, even medical use from marijuana.
And I knew that already, but really angered me is that there's a senator from Indiana, key acquitted people that are for the decriminalization drugs, he acquitted them with rapists and child molesters.
You know, he goes, you know, who we had, Dan Coats?
Mark Souder is his name.
He says, you know, he goes, we don't debate the pros and cons of rape or child abuse.
We don't bring rapists in here to let them explain their views.
In other words, you know, equating these people that are for decriminalization.
That's surprising.
It doesn't. It just makes me sick with these idiots.
They've been doing this heavy crap.
That's a fucking way.
The same crap for 20 years. The problem is not that better.
It's gotten worse.
Yeah. And when he's talking about it.
I'm not a shave about it. That's America either, you know, either get with a program or find a place where it's a real country, which is his nod.
I don't like being equated with a rapist or a child abuse or a lawyer, because I'm for decriminalization of wall drugs, by the way.
And it's just, that's the type of people you're dealing with.
And I guess it just made it more clear to me.
But anyway, I know it's old news.
But anyway, as far as the actor thing goes, I think Samuel is jacking kicks ass.
Okay, and have a great day and put the stuff away.
Okay.
I just don't understand some of you.
What are you getting all bent out of shape about?
I mean, you have to adopt my attitude just to be a little bit more laid back.
Keep your passport ready at all times and just to calm down.
Like somebody surprised that right wing lunatics come up with these irresponsible comments.
Why should they be surprised?
Five, six, and you know, you have to do the goody-two shoes.
The drugs are evil and that's why these kids are doing all these things.
I was reading just a couple of days ago about some study that they did that they commissioned the 80 million study.
And they, you know, they studied the behavior pattern of all of these young people.
And one of the things that they had in common among a couple of others was smoking marijuana.
How come all these people around the rest of the world can smoke the wicked weed?
And they're not shooting each other in school and doing all of these things.
Who are watching the same video games, watching the same violent movies,
which are all on the screens of Europe all over the place, watching the same violent TV shows,
which they have almost nothing but American TV with subtitles.
And how come they're not doing all these aberrant things I wonder?
But that's the kind of hypocritical phony country you live in.
And if you're surprised at that, then you've been doing a long nap.
56670560.560 on the mobile one line.
Here's a payphone and sunrise. Hello.
Payphone and sunrise.
Hello, this? Yes, sir.
Yeah. Hey, listen on your influential list.
We don't have the Jamaican Guard Emperor.
Is it Lafayette Nullis?
Ramon.
Yeah, man.
Yeah, the Jamaican Emperor, Haley Salacia. Jamaican Emperor.
Why he got around a lot?
56670560.560 on the mobile one line.
And this guy was on a payphone. How do you like that? He was paying for it.
Uh-huh.
Just leave the bag at the bottom underneath the instrument, OK, pal?
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir.
First of all, my favorite bill holding movie is SOB.
If you've seen it.
The Christian Coalition and other religious groups are a little pissed off because Bill Clinton wants to give the gay community a month, a gay pride month.
Yeah.
First of all, we don't need a month to be who we are.
Second of all, if we do get a month and you're a Christian, don't celebrate with us.
Yeah.
Uh, the AFI, I wish they had let me take you off the period and I wish they had done something for a benefit price like maybe number 48, 49.
And that's better.
OK, and have a great day.
Bye-bye.
Oh, bad news from Al Gorelton's office, by the way, at least for a couple of days there. That's all right. We want you.
56670560.560 on the mobile one line.
Friday, you were good.
All right.
He's been through the keyhole watching mom and dad.
He's been through the keyhole the most I've ever had.
Mom and dad were playing tech right there on the bed.
Mommy was powerful, but he's at the teleport daddy's head.
Mommy's head was bobbing.
She almost got whipped.
I don't know what she was drinking, but you got a nut mustash.
He's been through the keyhole.
And sure what I see.
What I sure do is I see more amazing TV.
Mommy and dad were hooked together like my Lincoln wants.
What's my mind for something like that?
Mom was yelling at the door.
God was breathing heavy.
Mom was on her knees.
He was there pat a pooh-pooh cause she's just somewhere.
He's peeing.
Oh, he's been through the keyhole watching mom and dad.
He's been through the keyhole the most I've ever had.
But we watched those little longer and I started to get sick.
If daddy's name is Helmer, why mom asked for sick?
Daddy's grounded his eye growth back.
Mommy wanted more.
She's one back on top of him, but all he did was score.
He's been through the keyhole.
Has a minute.
I can't wait to try this guy off the door in my class.
I can't wait to try this guy off the door in my class.
All right.
From an up to after a minute at 5.60 WQ and we got Hank Oldberg.
Show it to you. We got Donald Z. Brennan at 6 o'clock with the pregame 4 play for the Marlins game.
Which means that's basically when we go off the air from 6 to 8.30.
Marlins pregame at 30 in the Marlins at Colorado 8.30 tonight.
Or whenever that came start.
Didn't have too many calls about that hockey game last night.
Thank God.
I want to get to the press.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello Neil.
Yes sir.
Hey, at Las Vegas, the very, very best.
We went for our honeymoon.
And on your recommendation, we stayed at the MGM Grand.
Yes sir.
And passed the place.
Like we even planned one day to just like spend by the pool like part of the day.
Right.
We didn't get a chance to do it till like the third or fourth day just because there was so much to do and see.
And it was just fantastic.
Absolutely correct sir.
And that great big breakfast there at the one end there by the Lions.
That's a FBS end right.
The best.
Just fantastic.
What did I tell you?
Hey, listen, this sourposed they've called before.
Didn't have a good time there.
You know, people like him should stay the hell away from Vegas.
We don't want people like him there.
Yeah, you know, we have a little daughter now.
And I love my daughter so much.
But my wife wants to take me back to Las Vegas because I liked it so much.
And I just don't think it would be the same taking our, you know, our baby with us.
No.
It's not the same kind of, you know, free to have an excitement that I have.
Can you give one of those good nannies?
Did you see the thing on the news the other night about the nanny?
There was beaten on that little kid.
Probably not that one.
I'm not going to do that.
Okay, my daughters are here.
Glad you had a good time, pal.
Did you see that?
Yeah, that was really nice.
Next my blood run call.
Well, she was like, I don't want to say it.
I don't want to say something.
You got to have one.
And a boat lady.
I don't want to say that.
But she was.
And she just kept beating the kid and then slamming down on his little tiny hands, you know.
Oh my God.
Maybe we can get what's your name back from England.
What's your name?
No one from Boston, the nanny.
I can't remember.
And I don't want to remember.
Please don't call and tell us.
I'm trying to forget her.
Where's the name Louie?
G's Louise.
Here's the mobile in North Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
How you doing?
Great.
I was just calling in the spot for that gentleman who called up a little while ago about the smoking pot.
Yeah.
One little thing I wanted to say.
I think that it's kind of weird how he's complaining about, you know, smoking pot and, you know,
trying to make rules about smoking pot.
I don't think that you can debate the fact that this country would be better off people that would smoke pot.
Why is that?
Why is that?
I don't know.
I've wanted to buy a, I've ever known a smoked pot.
You know, there are a bunch of hip-thirty hippies.
Well, yeah, that's interesting, sir, because virtually everybody in this building with the exception of yours truly and probably Hank, Hank probably knows it.
Well, the exception of maybe those two, everybody else here smokes weed.
Right.
Okay.
We don't have any, well, no, don't say one more thing.
You make a ridiculous statement like this and then like in one more thing.
I mean, how can you make such a statement?
No, no, just one more thing.
When you guys took care of Europe, how it's so much better in Europe because then one can smoke pot.
No, no, no, sir.
That's not why it's so much better.
And that's only in the Netherlands, okay?
Uh-huh.
Okay.
Have you ever been there?
No, I don't even want to go to Europe.
I don't like people from Europe, to be honest with you.
If you're...
Well, then we don't like you, okay?
Assel.
He doesn't like people from Europe.
I wonder where his ancestors came from.
Maybe the North Pole.
Maybe, uh, Mars.
Maybe Uranus.
I think that came from...
Bracto.
Uranus.
Maybe he's an Indian.
Yeah, I doubt it.
Indians like smoking a good stuff.
Yeah, everybody that's smoking there.
And now, see, there's a guy.
Thank God he doesn't make any stereotypes.
And of course, isn't that exactly what I said about Europe?
Is that everywhere you go there?
No.
No, that's not what I said.
But of course, it's always good to have a lot of real strong opinions and a lot of mouthful.
You don't know what you're talking about.
When you've never been there.
And guess what?
Just like the other guy in Vegas, they don't want him there.
We don't want you and Europe.
Believe me.
You can take your pot support, though, and stick it in your rectum.
They won't let you in.
All right, put the word out.
You're out.
Tom.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
When you're typical uncultured South Floridian there, Neil.
Uh-huh.
He's talking about movies.
He has to like Europeans.
I know.
I did some kind of phobia for that.
I forget what it's called.
But anyway, there's no good movies out there right now except for one.
I don't know if you've heard of it.
It's called Lockstock and Two Smoking Barrels.
It's an English movie.
It's comparative to pole fiction.
Oh, and that keeps things.
566705.
Oh, and guess what?
You'll never believe this.
What alcohol thing told me found out that in Amsterdam they put mayonnaise on their French fries.
Get the...
Out of here.
56670560, pound 560.
And also, by the way, in a lot of John Travolta movies, a lot of the two of the senseless violence.
I just thought I mentioned that even though he's a Scientologist.
Look out.
56670560, pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi, guys.
Steve Winneal.
Speaking.
Hey, hi, Neil.
How are you going?
Great.
What's all with Dallas?
You mean with Dallas?
Yeah, Dallas.
You know the hockey team?
What does that mean?
What's up with Dallas?
What does that mean?
That's the night.
They won last night.
Yeah.
I mean, uh...
You think that was a good game?
Yeah, not really.
You think that was good ice?
You think that we're skating on real ice?
I think they were probably skating on water.
They could have skated on quicksand and had a better game than that game last night.
That's what they were doing.
You look like the Panthers, huh?
That place is a disgrace to the league.
And we got Gary Betman to thank for that, sir.
We were hoping we had our hopes up for a real good game no matter who won last night.
And it was a disaster.
It was a travathy.
So what's going on with the Maple Leaf?
You think they may be next year?
Yeah, maybe next year.
Okay.
What's going on with that accent?
56670560.
What's going on with Dallas?
That's a one of your people, man.
I mean, stop with the baby talk.
Okay.
Teach your people to stop talking baby talk.
I think we'll talk about that all over the place.
And that New Jersey stuff.
Okay.
God, New Jersey.
Z, Z, Z, Z, Z, Z, Top.
I wonder how those people would say Z, Z, Top.
How do you say that?
At least it's not a New York accent.
Oh, like I said, thank God.
I'd rather here.
I'd rather 50 million of those Julio accents in a row than here.
One New Wukka.
New Wukka.
Yeah, like that gamble yesterday that they call Hank about the odds on the world's college world series.
So I'm going to tell you something.
I know you're listening right now in between talking to your bookie, okay?
That guy that called the hammer yesterday.
That was, that right there was the worst call in the history of the human race.
Okay.
Even Alexander Graham Schwartz never heard a worse call than that.
Even when he was going very hard a little lamb.
Even that was a better call than that call that was made yesterday.
What are your thoughts on the pictures in that Hurricane Alabama game?
Because God, God, have action.
God, have action.
You know, I'm going to tell you something.
This station should be a magnet.
We ought to be tracing those numbers for GA.
Seriously, we could quadruple their membership overnight with some of the losers that call this radio station
to run a bet on the, you know, partizzi matches.
And, you know, I'm surprised they're not betting on Ma Zhong yet.
Oh, next week.
What's the odds over in that lawnmare in Hallendale or having a great Ma Zhong tournament?
What's the odds on...
Big Macs.
Here's a mobile in Hallendale.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah. I saw that actors thing.
If I actors, 100 actors.
Yes, sir.
And there was one actor on there that should never have been on there.
For the simple fact that it's Styrofoam, Miss Piggy.
I mean, you've credited to Jim Hanson or Frank Oz.
Yeah.
Miss Piggy is plastic and Styrofoam.
Miss Piggy is on the lawnmare.
It's a...
She...
What I saw on TV, she was.
Yeah.
And I mean, she's...
She's plastic and Styrofoam, but that is the initial.
Well, then you ought to have a good time with her then.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I mean, we got something big, black, plastic, and whatever right here.
It looks like Roy had a real good time with her this weekend.
Roy!
Heavy duty.
Get that out of here.
Man.
Oh, look at that.
It's a warrant.
It can't even stand up straight anymore that thing.
They're put on its side.
Let me say it again.
Fred Astaire and Gene Kelly being in a Fred Astaire number 5, Gene Kelly number 15.
That goes to Shoei.
Those people out there in Hollywood, they're idiots.
They're imbicils.
Those people weren't really actors.
They were dancers.
They're tap dancers, okay?
Like Donald L. Conner.
Which they may have been great dancers.
And if you're one of those people that love musical, I guess maybe you know, they're big on your list.
But I remember when I don't like musicals.
And number two, they weren't actors.
And it puts somebody like Fred Astaire above somebody like Jimmy Cagney or Spencer Tracy or Gregory's Peck.
Somebody with a mental case out there in Hollywood, okay?
They do these things just to piss people off.
You know, just like that thing with your words of suspension.
They knew that the kids were out of school yesterday.
They definitely knew that.
He knew that everything's coming to a screeching halt.
Nobody gives a crap about any of this other stuff going on.
The hockey playoffs are as good as history now.
Boring is hell last night.
Nobody gave me.
We're tired of hearing about the goddamn Nick's already.
They're going to get swept.
Two cares.
And so that brings us to the end of the line.
So you've got to get some people pissed off.
So therefore you do it and you start with contrabacitators.
Yeah, I would be surprised that that whole argument was a setup deal in the hall.
The other day.
Yeah.
Because you know Joe, he would never say F you guy like that.
Huh?
I'm telling you, he wouldn't do it.
I think it was a setup.
I think the whole thing was staged, including that silly memo that somebody put in here this morning.
And by the way, don't be putting memos that you stole off Doft's desk in here.
So that when it comes in here and sees that he thinks I went in there.
I think Mark Furman must have put that goddamn thing in here.
Don't look at me.
Must have been something with here like real early in the morning when they knew that if they opened up his door, he wouldn't be in here.
I'm saying something was here early this morning.
I don't want to mention no names, but must have been.
Well, we should be good if I did this little bit early, you know.
Where's Joe, by the way?
Where's Joe Mama?
See you around.
He'll be around.
All right.
I'm just checking for you.
I don't want to leave you hanging.
Here's the mobile and pepper pine.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Yes, I am.
First time caller.
I'm a Jewish Julio from Argentina.
Oi!
Listen, I agree with you 100% as far as I'm aware of the valve being one of the top.
One of the best actors, right?
You got to put them in the same category.
I think we've aware of the new and now Patino or Crystal for working.
Yeah.
Which, by the way, wasn't the same movie, Dead Zone with Charlie Sheen.
Charlie Martin Sheen.
Martin Sheen, Bishop Sheen.
I think he was in there too, Bishop Sheen.
Yeah, how about Brian Lennon and Gene Hagman?
Gene Hagman's great.
Brian, Brian, who?
Denny.
Brian Lennon, yeah, that he does.
Yeah, he was a season out in that.
He was, you know, he was okay for what he was.
Thanks a lot.
And have a great day, amigo.
And back to you.
See you in the 10 of 5.
Did you see?
Now, I see the guys from Argentina and say,
do you see?
People from Argentina don't speak like that, okay?
They speak more like Sieg Heil, like that, but they got good meat though.
I always wondered about that.
Why when you go to Germany, they have all those Argentinian steak houses?
And then you see the names on there, you know, on the list there.
And you realize that all the Nazis that fled to Argentina,
they're the ones that own the steak houses.
They know they're meat.
Oh, there's a good old Joe Castella right there.
That means it must be 12, 23, at 5, 60, WQAM.
Going Roy Foster here, yeah, used to be a big football star,
but now we're here.
You're listening to the most straight up person I know.
Who George?
Guys.
Thank you, George.
Okay.
I'm a monkey here.
I'm a monkey.
She's a monkey.
She's a monkey.
Where are all monkeys now?
We're not well-mannered.
We'll be able to just look to drop through.
Well, don't run for it.
Well, make your way.
We're not too bad.
Then we'll lay down scratcher, but then watch you all turn red.
I'm a monkey.
I'm a monkey.
She's a monkey.
She's a monkey.
We're almost passed out.
We wouldn't want to be a dog that cat or a sore cow.
We're snappy and we like it as we've heard the things you said.
Don't come with this beast of us or we'll live on your head.
I'm a monkey here.
I'm a monkey.
I'm a monkey.
I'm a monkey.
I'm a monkey.
I'm a monkey.
I'm a monkey.
We're just going to do it today.
Just wait for you guys to drop the child.
Now we're going to stop the child.
Keep that child.
We're all about.
429-560 WC-Land is used.
George's filling in for Neil,
who's speaking to the airport again on a Friday.
He didn't even, except for a couple of jokes in passing,
he didn't even mention that this was going to be happening today.
What a cruel and nasty joke to play on the audience here.
Speaking of cruel and nasty jokes, I never realized how funny that thing that I did on the calendar actually looks when CT was in here all day yesterday.
From this angle, it's perfect.
With no depth perception, there's a big sign over joke S. L.A.
It's said right now that it says CT, which I have on good authority that you're not.
Absolutely not.
He puts out.
He follows through.
If he teases about it, he follows through.
The reason I didn't want you hanging up on all of these people during the break is because they'd call back all pissed off, yelling at you and not understanding why you hung up on them.
I will hang up on them one after another.
Now you can blame me.
Rightly so.
Those people all wanted to talk to Neil about who the best actors were or whatever.
And I want to talk about the monkey.
The monkey's at the monkey jungle.
My wife with pneumonia, even through her pneumonia yesterday.
Happy anniversary, honey.
There's no happy anniversary, Ditty in here.
Does the happy birthday, Ditty?
Oh wait, look.
Us.
Nevertheless, with her pneumonia, she's bedridden and everything.
She was all psychotic about the king at the monkey jungle story.
And maybe somebody will call up and tell me who the bitch's name is.
And I made a mental note to say the C word and bleep it.
Prebleep it.
How I have all these other things.
I have all these things bleeped but I didn't bleep the C word as I explained in earlier shows because that's not a word that I use very often.
Only on very special occasions.
And I want to use it towards this woman at the monkey jungle over King the Gorilla.
Now I didn't see the story.
But apparently it was all over the news yesterday and I didn't see it.
And Kevin Neillin is down here.
And Jane Goodall sent a video plea to the lady at the monkey jungle about King the Gorilla who's been in a 30-foot concrete cell for 28 years.
Which even our worst human prisoners don't spend that much time in solitary confinement.
And eight being social creatures the way that humans are.
They don't do well in solitary and King is going stir crazy.
And he's rocking back and forth and banging his head against the wall.
And this woman is ignoring everyone's pleas.
All of the humanitarian pleas to let this guy go to the Atlanta Zoo where he can be with other gorillas and live out the rest of his days with some semblance of dignity.
And before people start calling me an animal nut, I'll just say right now right now I will eat a whole cow wearing a fur coat.
No problem whatsoever.
Because those are two different things.
Being cruel and torturing a noble creature like a gorilla family by the way.
Torturing a creature like that over years for no good reason so that stupid tourists can go and go and go at it is horrible.
We're not going to get a nice fur coat out of King the Gorilla nor are we going to get a good meal.
We're just going to have a lot of tourists come oh look at the monkey.
And I like the monkey jungle the couple times that I went as a kid when you live down in the Redlands and Homestead.
That's the nearest thing that's amusing besides your neighbor's sister.
So we went to the monkey jungle a couple times I liked it.
Big rainforest nice monkey jumping around I had no idea that such a bitch was in charge of this thing.
That's fucking bitch who won't let King away.
People have offered to buy the gorilla so that he can go and be with other gorillas.
And she said no because that's their biggest draw there.
And as far as the controversy and all the pissed off people she goes oh that's just a free publicity.
People are going to come down here to see the gorilla over this controversy.
So maybe somebody knows who that is and we'll call up about it.
And if we can talk about monkey jungle all day I'll never have to get into my mother's clitoris.
Which Joe says that's not a very good idea.
I found a way to tie in the situation with my mother and this whole manaja twat thing in the fact that she's ruining my vacation by being in the house in North Carolina.
That's why we're not going we're not going anywhere this week.
So if anybody knows what you can do in South Florida in the summer besides going to the beach we've already got that penciled in on the schedule for next week.
Please help me out.
I'm not going anywhere we're going to do some work on the house but I'd like to get some fun in in between now and next week while JP's in here taking my job.
You know I'm going to come back and there will be a job for me.
But that's you know that's happened before.
It's radio no big deal.
So what are you doing South Florida for a week and my mother's ruining the fact that you know she's there.
She's at the house right now in the last time and we were going to go and try to make the best of it.
But the more I thought about it the scarier the more scared the more afraid I got because you just don't know.
I mean the old man talks about his mom a lot.
There's no comparison.
At least his mom can cook.
I would trade my mom for ten of his mom.
At least when his mom is bitching at him at the dinner table it's over a good meal.
My mom didn't even have that.
She's the perfect evil creature and that's how I tie it in with the monkey thing.
The eighth thing at monkey jungle.
I'll trade my mother for King the Gorilla.
And they can put her in the cage with a glass like Hannibal Lecter.
And they can put a plaque in front saying the most evil creature that has ever existed on the plaque in front.
You can have my mother in there.
And she let her decorate herself so that everyone can see you know the household that I had had to live in with my mother decorating things.
All the crappy becky pies pottery that she used to make.
And the macro may wall hanging and all this other bogus crap that she just cluttered up the house with.
We're going to build a big bonfire with all that crap.
We're going to empty the house make a big pile of all the crap all of her decor.
Throw her carcass on top of it when she died and how the big bonfire and the whole family will come.
And we'll sing and dance around the fire.
Bing dong, which is dead, which old witch.
And they can put her in the cage.
Now she's never going to die.
That's a pipe dream because that's what kind of an evil elemental force she is.
She will never die.
That we're all convinced of that.
Who is it? Why do people just peek their heads at the door?
Open the door and talk to the man.
Who is that?
Peter Leonard.
Oh, hi, Peter Leonard.
My best close personal friend, Peter Leonard.
I'm going to be talking about your boys at Wizard Roofing later on now that it's just pushing all over the place but not inside my house for a change for the first time in a little bit over a year.
And while we're whoring the show, by the way, let me mention because we talked about Tarzan all day yesterday.
Right? All day long talking about the Tarzan movie.
But we didn't talk about AMC theaters and I want Jeff Lynn at AMC theaters to keep sending good stuff over here because even if we're not going to give it away on the air, we'll talk about it on the show just to keep more free stuff coming.
All my neighbors, everyone on my block who I know that has a little kid got free passes to Tarzan yesterday.
We kept the future from the South animal.
Thank you very much.
Definitely. But I'm going to say AMC theater over and over and over again a lot.
And we'll be talking about Wizard Roofing a little bit later on too.
After we clear the air about King the Gorilla, will the lady at Monkey Jungle accept my mother a much more fearsome creature than King the Gorilla in exchange for the gorilla.
They can let the gorilla a noble creature go free or over to the Atlanta Zoo.
They want the gorilla at the Atlanta Zoo. They've been sending letters and everything. Please, you're a bitch.
That's fucking bitch. You ain't let the gorilla go back to the Atlanta Zoo.
Liberty City. Hello.
Or to the Atlanta Zoo. Not back. Liberty City. Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
I just saw a little update on CNN about the West Coast of Florida.
Man, if he can't decide it.
What?
It's illegal for a female to expose more than 75% of a breast.
Okay. Well, stay the hell out of Manatee County. What can I say?
What does that have to do with the gorilla or my mother is the most evil person who ever lived?
Ever lived in human history. Hitler understands something. Hitler was nice to the people around him.
Hitler's friends and his entourage and his the suckholds that hung out with Hitler.
They said nice things about Hitler.
They were all very happy with him. They're like, oh, he's a great guy.
You know, some people didn't like him. The people that he was stuffing into the ovens, for example.
My mother is a clean sweep. Is a very, what?
Eight? Hello?
Coconut crakes? Yes?
How could you talk about your mother that way?
I'm talking about my mother that way. Because you don't know my mother, do you?
I don't care.
Oh.
I was not raised by a mother.
I was an an orphaned asylum.
I wasn't raised by mother either.
I wasn't raised by mother either.
My mother was raised by mother.
I was not raised by mother either.
Yes, ma'am.
You know, nasty. She's got fangs. She's done everything in her power to destroy each and every one of her children.
And I'm the only one that speaks to her. Thank you very much.
Of all of her children, five of us who survived.
What? She's got her, but she calls all the time. She's a sweet lady.
She just, you know, she's sweet. I don't want to, you know, go on and on with her.
I'm the only one of my mother's children who speaks to her, who has any dealings with her.
I may be the only child of her funeral.
No, I take that back.
All of her kids will be at the funeral wearing party hats and making the noise makers and that rattly thing.
That's what my mother's funeral is going to be like.
I wasn't raised by a mother neither was I, ma'am.
Neither was I raised.
If I had been raised by wolves, now it's only the wolf boy.
Tarzan. Tarzan had a better upbringing than I did.
And Tarzan's gorilla mother cooked better meals than my fish of a mother ever did on her best day.
I would have traded Tarzan's mother for mine or kneels or anybody else is out there.
And I haven't even gotten into the best part yet about what's my favorite thing about my mother's her choice and men.
The wonderful stepfathers that she then flipped it on me over the years, the two of them,
and that's going to get into the Menage. That's what it's going on right now.
I'm entertaining theories about what's going on with my mother and the two stepfathers.
I'll get into that. 21 to 1 560 QAN.
I'm not to understand there will be no sad days.
Coming to UPN on Saturday night, it's the hilarious new comedy.
That's my welfare mama.
Now what you can't afford to know.
We've got Goranji sandwiches, all Macaroni and Goblinji.
She's big. She's bad.
She's that's my welfare mama.
This will not put some sugar in your put on down faster than to thyme brown.
That's my welfare mama.
Saturday's at 9 on UPN.
Immediately following that darn crack baby only on UPN.
16 to 1 560 WQAM.
What can I do for a week on vacation in South Florida?
And what's the name of the lady at the monkey jungle who won't let King go to the Atlanta Zoo and be with his own speaking of Tarzan?
And sympathy for the eight.
Isn't that a stone song?
So the deal with my mother and the stepfathers.
Let me try to fill people in quick.
There was my father and then there was stepdad number one, the King of all Crackers, who I spoke about earlier on previous shows.
And then there was Manuel, the captain in Batista's army who spent 25 years in a Castro prison.
Nice guy, really nice guy.
But as out of touch as any individual can be about life in America.
If he had gotten off a spaceship from another planet he could not be more out of touch.
Plus his heart.
Nice guy.
Too nice to deserve my mother.
Both of these guys by the way.
But characters, crazy people, the both of them.
And then so she divorced the American.
Actually she married the American guy.
Let's give names to these people so that I don't have to refer to them as the American guy and the Cuban guy.
How is that?
Woody was the gringo, the King of all Crackers dirtbag with four white trash kids of his own.
It was the white trash Brady bunch as I've said before.
And then there was Manuel, the Cuban guy, the captain of Batista's army.
He'd been over here like a couple of five years or something like that after he got out of prison.
One of those political prisoners, they finally let him out of prison and he came over here and they got back together.
They knew each other from their teenhood.
They dated, childhood sweethearts, whatever you want to call it.
That was stepfather number two.
She married the Cracker Woody twice, married him divorced and married him divorced him.
Okay.
Totally, this is the nutty thing.
Everything that my mother does is a nutty thing.
And evil.
And then she hooked up with this guy later on.
Manuel, the Cuban, the captain, the army captain from Cuba married him divorced him in very short order by the way.
But they still hang out.
Which one, all of them hang out.
And they showed up at the house like two months ago or something like that.
All of them in the same car.
Apparently they went in third z on this car so that they could get around.
And the Cuban is driving.
He can't speak English.
He can't read English signs.
But he's the one driving because his eyesight is better than Woody the American.
Understand?
Are you following me now?
And they're like, Woody's like 80 something.
Manuel is 70 something and so is my mother because she was old.
She was old when I was born.
She was 41 when I was born.
So they show up together like this old people Menazza to watch.
And here are people who hate each other.
All three of them hate each other.
It's not a love triangle.
It's a hate triangle.
And the funny thing is, the others humor here.
Manuel doesn't speak any English and Woody doesn't speak any Spanish.
And he's as big as anyone can be.
Archie Bunker would call this guy a bigot.
And here he is driving around with two Cubans who have no desire to speak English.
And my mother is the only one that has any ability to translate whatsoever.
I mean, she's, she's bilingual.
Her English is not great, but it's adequate.
She has a thick accent, but she knows all the words.
But she's so evil and I know this is going on constantly.
If one of them has to communicate something to the other one, my mother has to translate.
And there is no way that she's translating accurately.
There's no way.
Ask Woody what time it is.
My mother says to Woody.
Manuel says you're an asshole.
That's exactly the kind of thing that she would do.
And I'm wondering, and mind you, there wasn't a day in the marriage of stepfather number one with my mother that they're what they didn't scream at each other constantly.
They never spoke.
It was only a constant screaming screaming.
Stupid.
Screaming Cuban.
I have you.
I have you.
And same thing with the other old guy.
Manuel, you know, but screaming in Spanish, all the profanities, Spanish constantly, every day, constantly.
And they're in a car driving around yelling at each other.
All three of them.
Just this big yell fest yelling at each other.
Why would people inflict themselves like that?
But I'll tell you why.
No, because no one can stand any of these people except them.
They're the only ones that can stand each other.
None of their children and they both, both stepfather number one and number two, have children of their own from previous marriages.
None of their children will have anything to do with them.
None of my mother's children will have anything to do with her except me incidentally, although I don't want to spend a week with her in the mountains.
Last time I was up there, I left two days early.
I couldn't pack fast enough.
I was throwing things from the front door into the car, lobbing things across the lawn, into the trunk of the car.
And however it landed in the trunk, that's how it stayed.
And I just jumped up on the lid of the trunk and slammed it down.
No organized packing.
You know how anal I am.
You know how everything in there is all very ordered.
You know it's like a little geometry puzzle in there, everything's all in its place.
And the same thing when I packed the trunk, but not this time, just however it landed, that's how it fell.
And then I slammed it and I sped down the mountain.
Almost drove the car right off the mountain.
I just let the cloud of dust behind me and didn't even say goodbye.
Just, ah, get me out of here.
So I know that's what's going to happen again because if my mother is anything, she's consistent.
She's consistently evil for my good and I saw a friendly lady who called earlier.
Consistently evil, ma'am.
And I could go on for, forget four hours I've gone on all day long about incidences in just my life.
And then each one of my siblings could take turns one after another saying, oh that was nothing.
Let me tell you some good ones.
So don't tell me about my mother, ma'am, with all due respect.
It would have been better if I had been an orphan.
If I had been raised in an orphanage, Allah, all of her eating gruel, at least I would have been eating gruel.
Mobile and steward, hello.
Hello.
Hello, mobile and steward.
Hey George, how's it going?
Yeah, it's going great.
I actually had a hand in starting some of that thing with King with getting people aware of what was going on down there.
I'm going to clip it up for you.
What's his bitch's name?
Well, I'm going to clip my wife.
She works with the chimpanzees orangutans that were in pirate jungle.
And she would know, I actually helped a kid that was an employee there as a young kid.
And he actually snuck in video cameras and was filming all the stuff that was going on with King and then trying to get it on the internet to get people like involved.
And I helped them put it together. That's what I do with video.
Have you been there recently?
I haven't been there recently enough.
Because last time I was there, I thought it was great.
You know, maybe it's because I was a kid. I was very impressed.
It was very lush and they had big tall trees and nice canopy flowers.
I think people just don't realize that that animal that size needs so much room.
My point is, why does this woman need that gorilla there?
If my memory serves me correctly, it happens to be a very nice place to go without having a gorilla in a cage as the star attraction.
Just something that she's got a thing for.
Apparently.
I think, like you said before, she knew that if she caused controversy, she would get attention and she's succeeding.
Well, hopefully, hopefully, no one will go down there, you know, that's aware of the situation.
No one will go down there and actually pay money to see a gorilla in misery.
You know, I can't imagine that.
It seems like people should be able to, you know, to just put a stop to it.
I mean, when people in jail aren't getting their cable in three mils a day.
The animals don't have the same kind of rights, obviously.
It's ridiculous though.
And I'm not an animal freak. I mean, I got a leather house made to look at my house right now.
It's dog weight from my leather couch to come in.
And I've got to love it and I'm going to look sitting on it.
But a gorilla in a 8x10 or whatever size cage is just wrong.
It's a little wrong.
And yeah, I have a little bit of an affinity towards the primates because they are our very close relatives.
And it's just, even I guess if it was any kind of an animal just sitting in there, an animal that was a social animal and it's obvious that the thing is going crazy.
Yeah, when I watched the video footage of it, it was just, it was a following.
I mean, I have it all still and stocked it.
You know, the gorilla just kind of sitting there and it would be, you know, doing all kinds of things and smacking his head.
It would be rocking. It was, it's just nothing to do.
And they had chimps for years ago. They had chimps right next to it.
And that would drive it crazy because there are enemies in the wild, there are enemies.
So he knew that he had chimps right next to him and that even made him more crazy.
But I'm going to call my wife. I'll call you back.
I don't want to hear that. No, thank you very much. Keep up the good work.
Lady and Homestead. Hello.
Hey, George. This is Darlin. Homestead.
Hi, Darlin. How are you?
Pretty good. I just want to let you know that that lady's name is Sharon Dumond.
Sharon Dumond. Right.
I'm writing this down. Go get her.
Okay. That's fucking bitch. Thank you very much. You got her.
Okay. I mean, I just can't understand that. I mean, all right. I understand people have a business to run.
Yada, yada, yada. I don't think they're on the verge of bankruptcy. I don't know.
Maybe, right. Maybe an advocate. Maybe this Sharon Dumond would like to call and explain her, her, her horrendous actions.
So far from what I'm told from the wife, she hasn't responded to anyone.
She hasn't responded to Jane Goodall's, Kevin Neal. I mean, obviously, you know, she doesn't have to respond to anybody if she doesn't want to.
It's America after all.
But I just, it's hard for me to imagine that kind of cruelty to this, you know, an innocent beast and to sit there and watch it banging a tent up against the wall or something.
And what's the deal? It's a nice place, at least it used to be. I don't know.
Somebody who's been there recently called me up and told me if it's still the nice rainforesty place with the little capuchin monkeys running all around, you know,
and the gibbons break, heating through the branches and everything. It was great. It was a wonderful time that I had the kid, the swimming monkeys, the little monkeys, they dropped the bucket down because you're in the cage and put a peanut in the bucket.
Yeah, as long as the monkeys are interacting with their social animals and yeah, they, well, that there's a game. That's the best part.
There's a fun part, you know, dodge the monkey crap, take a hat, whatever you do, take a hat and not your favorite one at that. Hollywood, hello.
Hello, yeah, I was going to call about the Dumont family also. Oh, thank you. I did some work for a woman who was the caretaker for the old lady who originally founded the monkey jungle along with her husband.
And for years and years, this woman I knew, a lip of the woman who took care of her and acted sort of as a nurse who they, and she was promised a substantial, you know, amount of money and I think a house in exchange for her efforts.
And the last I heard they were doing everything possible to try to screw her out of that. And so this family is.
So they're just evil people. They're just evil bad people. Oh, my God. So have them. Yeah, okay. Thank you very much.
Thank you very much. It's a crying shame that evil people find themselves in positions where they can do damage to other people or animals like that.
I had, you know, it's unconscionable to me and all the publicity that she's getting once again.
I can't imagine that people would go and pay money to see a gorilla being tortured.
And that's exactly what it is. It's torture. It would be torture if you were locked in the cage for 28 years without interaction with your own kind.
We don't do that to prisoners no matter how bad they are. They don't spend 28 years in solitary.
Evil child murdering killers don't spend 28 years in solitary. But this poor gorilla who out as far as I know probably never hurt nobody.
You know, only ever spoke nicely of Sharon demand. And he's in this 30 foot cage banging his head against the wall.
And it could be my mother. Now she deserves it. She deserves 28 years in solitary. She certainly deserves to have no human interaction because to interact with her is to regret it.
And that's that's hands down. She might be able to fool people for just a few minutes. People that don't know her.
But as far as the family members and everything go my, I mean my family has nothing but the deepest sympathy for my mother's children.
And they've always done everything in their power to compensate for my mother's intemperate behavior.
Starting with her sister, my aunt who ironically is the nicest you and being has ever lived.
And I can't say enough nice things about her, but I'm not going to turn this into a big, snappy success about my aunt who's a who's a sweetheart nice to everyone who's who she's ever met.
Never heard anyone say a negative word about her ever nor could they flawless.
Jesus freaking quite Jesus Christ is jealous of how pristine and nice my aunt is my mother's sister who also will not say anything bad about her own sister.
My mother who aligns her constantly does that make any sense? But anyway, 4-101-560-WQ-A-M
Don't injure yourself in an emergency situation.
Oh no! What do you do? What do you do?
I don't suppose.
Today we have our fingertips the ultimate phone that we're able to render assistance in any situation.
Yeah yeah 9-1-1, I brought it's 9-1-1, mom. 9-1-1, mom?
9-1-1, mom?
Mom? I still find it myself, mom.
Mom, damn, mom, that's the only club so that's his.
Okay, this is my one.
Who knows more than your mom?
No one. Just ask her. There was no single person better equipped to help you.
I can't get the lumps on my mask potatoes. And I told Symiac to shut up.
Oh, I want you to write some milk to her lungs.
9-1-1, mom. Never hit so much information, bitch. So close.
I just ate lunch and I wanted to swim in, so I'll have to share with her.
What did you eat?
Uh, franks and beans.
Oh boy, let me look at my calendar for this.
Solve your problems and shut your mom up about my calling.
Dial 9-1-1, mom, right now.
And don't call me collect anymore.
1-1-1, 560-WQAM. I can see it.
It's perfect. The mom in the cage instead of King the Carillo.
The more I think about it, the more perfect it is.
She'll decorate the place with all our crappy chachkis.
She'll wear her bad clothes, tasteless, obviously way too many colors,
clashing, bad jewelry, the big stuff, you know.
And people can bring their little children and it'll be like this big sheet of glass
with holes in it like Hannibal Lecter.
Because you want to hear what she's saying, because that's the best part.
And little children can go up there and she'll freak them out.
She'll come up to the glass.
Why don't I hear that?
Like I said.
Well, I was auditioning stepter in the break.
I don't know what I'm doing over here in this room, but that's her spiel.
I don't know anything.
She freaks out about anything except of course anything that she should be freaking out about.
You know, like cooking a good meal or anything like that.
And she'll scare people.
People will come from the world over to see this feeding this most evil thing,
this most evil thing that ever lived.
Darth Vader has nothing on her.
She is without redemption.
You could take every negative adjective that you've ever heard someone say about a human being
and it applies to my mother.
She is a perfect creature, a creature of perfect evil, an anti-human.
She would be the anti-Christ if she was male.
Although the anti-Christ, according to the biblical predictions, is supposed to be an EFT person,
a person of some charm and talent, which my mother has neither one of those things too,
but she can sure decapagia mean pot.
She knows how to...
She's a person of the same kind.
She knows how to pour a bisc into a mold and fire it up into kiln and make an ugly piece of crap.
And the houses have always been surrounded by ugly pieces of crap.
That's the only thing that she's able to do.
Not provide, not cook, not nurture, not comfort, not give any kind of good advice.
Just destroy, destroy, destroy.
And I say, she belongs in a zoo.
She belongs in a cage so that the children can come and see, so that doctors and spectators can come and see.
And let that poor gorilla out of there already, Sharon.
Sharon Dumon.
That's f***ing bitch.
You and my mom.
She'd both be in the cage together.
Lady and Fort Lauderdale, hello.
Hello?
Hi George, first time.
Hi, how are you?
I'm good, I'm good, first time caller, but long time listener, I love you.
Thank you.
I'm just calling about the monkey.
That woman is a total bitch.
Did you hear what you...
Did you hear what you said on the news last night?
We were trying, I mean, I never have I desperately try to find a story like yesterday.
We were searching, searching, searching, and I just kept missing the story and catching like the tail end of it and just like a glimpse of the gorilla's ass.
Right, okay.
I saw it.
Okay, well the only thing I heard, and this has been going on for months and months and months.
Why don't you understand that?
You know, they had Bob Barker come down, you know, but what her deal is, she keeps saying to, you know,
I'm going to build him a bigger compound.
Oh, I'm saying that for years.
From 1997, and I just think, you know, this moment...
They're not going to do it because they're social creatures, putting him in solitary in a bigger cage isn't going to do it.
Absolutely, absolutely.
She knows that.
Oh sure she does, but her whole big deal is, you know, oh, I love the publicity because more publicity, more people coming in and seeing this pathetic creature, you know.
Oh, I mean the woman is just...
What kind of a sadistic asshole pays money to see a creature being tortured?
I don't know.
Yeah, that's my mother, I'd take money for that.
Well, I think you had the right idea, honey.
I think your mom ought to go in the cage.
Oh.
And what can go to Atlanta where it'll be happy, you know.
Listen, I'll go up right now, I'll go to North Carolina.
Thank you very much.
I'll go to North Carolina with my tranquilizer gun.
I'll shoot a dart in her ass.
And I'll pack her down here, I'll stick her in the back of the full runner, or over the top...
The way we have a luggage rack on that thing.
I could just throw her...
Throw her...
Uh...
Subdude ass right on the luggage rack.
And once she wakes up she'll be in the cage.
I...
I...
I could pass you on the eye, honey.
And it'll be great.
I'm serious.
It'll be a worldwide draw.
Bring way more people in there.
And she's a primate.
So she sits in with the motif of monkey jungle.
Hell, they could...
They could staple a fur coat to her back.
And pass her off as like a silver back orangutan or something like that.
Should be up there lowering the little bucket down.
Yeah, oh boy.
I could just think of all kinds of monkey games that they could play with my mother.
You know, put things behind the glasses she wants to get to.
You know, like her children's throats.
And she'll like go running up and snag her face against the glass.
Datching the crap would be harder though.
Oh boy, no one slings crap better than her.
Let me tell you, that's why the little holes in the glass they have to be kind of up high.
Or maybe they could get like the microphone and the speaker system set up.
Because to hear her is to really, really appreciate her.
What's that?
What's Chester?
Hello.
What's Chester?
Hello.
Hello.
Goodbye.
Well, that was one of those guys.
Oh, it's the, I told Neil.
It's the first day after last day.
Last day of school was yesterday.
They were all running around with the shaving cream in their hair.
And all wet from the water balloons and everything.
Which is great.
But then they're still all charged up.
The adrenaline hasn't worn off yet.
So the first day after last day is the worst day for the radio shows.
Lady Miami, hello.
Hello, Lady Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
How are you?
I'm doing well. How are you?
I'm enjoying your show very much.
Thank you very much.
You're not all offended that I'm saying bad things about my evil mother?
Well, that's your problem.
Well, thank you very much.
I figure I know her.
I guess so.
People think that I want to have an evil, horrible, you know, bitch of a mother.
Like I had some say in that.
Like I wish that she was a nice person, but I can't say that in all honesty.
No, that's too operative.
And the far as a king is concerned, I can be degree with you.
Thank you. How could you not agree with that?
I'd like one person to follow up and say, that's a gorilla. Let it rot.
Who wouldn't agree with that?
Hello.
Yes, I'm listening to you.
But you are absolutely correct.
I'm done. Thank you very much, though.
And listen, have a nice day.
And I'm enjoying your show.
Thank you, bless you.
Bye-bye.
That was very short and sweet.
I thought she had a more to say.
I really, really hate the phone system, by the way.
She didn't have more to say.
You scared her.
Did I scare her?
Was I yelling?
Was I too excited?
But who was for this thing besides obviously the Sharon Dumon bitch who has the money to make?
Who else would think that this was a good idea to stick a creature like that in a cage for 28 years,
so that it goes stir crazy and bangs its head against the wall?
I mean, I'm not big on zoos to begin with anyway unless they happen to be these very nice, spacious,
metro zoo kind of things.
Even then, even then.
I mean, it's best obviously to leave the animals right where they are unless they happen to taste good,
in which case I'm all for eating it.
I'll kill it and eat it myself.
But the gorilla men, the gorillas are so, and they're very gentle creatures, by the way, in reality.
For those of the people that don't know, they've been watching the Tarzan movie and everything like that.
They're very gentle, nice creatures.
They have their aggressive displays, but that's as far as it is.
They just say pound their chest and do the aggressive display, but that's all.
That's all. They're very nice to each other.
They're not murderous barbaric cannibals like the chimpanzees and the humans are, by the way.
Nine after one on 560 WQAM.
That's right. We're eight. We're eight. We're all from men.
Look at all the red six girls, the all-certain herring girls, going to the bar to get from drinks.
Getting beat by red next slide, like what you see each night on cops.
They're what puts the c***** in country.
Look at all the red next last people on just pizza or huff.
If they're three five one, they're Walmart shorts.
They smell like an old witch dog. They're pick up front, not so long as brothers.
And the Lord, do breathe the morn.
Somebody tell me why. I'll trailer hearts that lie.
Handle verts made of soup from hell.
Nipful rings and bellies have been filled with Jesus.
Welcome, answer, brother, please, some angel in a tree.
Take pride in her heritage and says,
We feel the best foundation of a Christian family.
Born again, they praise the Lord.
And back in their savers when they're born.
What's with Carrie's finger to lose out those red sex women?
What's the f****** is a durin?
115 on 560 WQIM.
And as I suspected, no one has any idea what to do in South Florida in the summertime.
I knew I wouldn't get a single call about that nor will we ever.
So we might as well talk about that racing show.
Notice I was about that.
Well, wait, you could go to South Beach.
Ooh, that's a whole different beach, a whole different ocean down there.
I could pay way more for food that's crappier than what I can get up in Broward.
It's a topless beach while hollow over is a totally nude beach.
The difference being hollow over a trackers the fat-dusting people.
Well, that beach's beautiful, mom.
I've seen fat-dusting people on top of that.
And a mover and shaker like yourself, you could become a socialite.
I think that's a good point because I have a whole week.
So I think that I could actually find a parking spot by maybe the third day.
If I just drive around a lot, I could find a parking spot and go to the beach on South Beach.
Nevertheless, let's talk about your racing show.
What's that anachonocoval?
The only reason that we're doing this anachonocoval update, obviously,
is because we have lust for her.
That's the only reason I'm doing this.
Sportscraft.
Oh, yeah.
Who cares about the actual match?
But she's apparently made the final of whatever she's in right now.
So she'll be on television somewhere and I can't wait to see.
Okay. As far as my show, we've got a little upskirt shot.
Oh, once she bends over to her.
I got it up in the office.
The one where she's riding up her skirt and you're seeing the little right panties.
Yeah.
You're not supposed to be seeing which makes it all the better.
That's right.
Back to this racing crap.
Back to the racing.
This weekend at Highly a Speedway, we've got a pretty big local event.
The professional shedders, California Quick Shine 125.
And we've got a couple of drivers from that event.
Going to be on.
Mike Franklin Jr. and Glenn Whitney.
So they'll be coming on the show.
We're also going to give results and qualifying for all the Winston Cup and card events.
And it's going to be a great show.
That's tomorrow morning at...
I said, I'm...
I've never heard it.
You don't have to hear it.
Okay.
Because you've heard most of the interviews ahead of time.
Right.
You're not going to get up at 6am for anything.
And a corn of cova, maybe.
I mean, the thing is there are a lot of people out there who don't have push jobs like you and I.
Let's get it for work, etc.
Those were the days.
They got to get up to hear that golf show.
Right.
Right.
So if you're getting up to hear the golf show, get up a little bit extra early.
And look into that motor sports thing.
It was my good friend, Joe Castella.
By the way, have we set AMC theaters enough lately?
Tarzan, AMC theaters, Tarzan, AMC theaters.
Thank you, Jeff, Lynn.
Keep something of good crap.
Even if we don't give it away on the air, it will go to good use.
It'll go to feed and support a poor family, mine and the neighbors around me.
And I would even pass us to the crazy neighbors on the other side there.
You know, because that's what I'm all about.
I'm nice to people even though they don't deserve it.
Like my mother, for example.
But, Joe, if your mother is so even and crappy, why are you nice to her?
Because I'm a nice guy.
Oh, no.
The people don't believe that.
Yes.
That's why.
Because I'm a nice guy.
Because no matter how evil she is, I'm not going to be a total bastard.
Fort Myers, hello.
Hello, Fort Myers.
Hey, how you doing?
All right.
You know why I'm not so long?
No, why?
I'd like you to know the police.
You're off to radio.
Oh, okay.
Thank you very much.
Well, please, get a life.
Because this is what you're stuck with while the old man goes away on vacation.
He's not going to stay here every single day just to please you.
And very soon he's going to be retiring.
I don't know what you're going to do when that happens.
Why don't you practice doing it now because it's going to happen?
You're all right.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
I'm doing all right.
Back to the gorilla thing.
You see that movie instinct?
I have not yet, but everyone told me that it was great.
It was the best part of the movie is where the poachers went after the gorillas and shoot them all over.
Don't tell me anything about it.
That's all I want to go watch it.
Jesus Christ.
Miami, hello.
Hi, George.
All right.
Hey, well, obviously that guy was trying to be a son of a bitch.
He's just in denial.
He can even pick up a plumber.
I'm not the human being.
He's glorifying the poachers shooting the gorillas.
He likes that.
Yeah, we'll just put him in that same cage and see how he likes it.
Hey, there you go.
I say, King is lonely.
Let's stick that guy in the cage with King.
Absolutely.
So it'll eat love.
Well, you know what, George?
Years ago when I was a little kid, I went to this.
I went to where Metro Zoo is now.
And I don't know whether it's the same zoo.
I've never been there yet.
What's he embarrassing?
Vacation.
Metro Zoo.
Yeah, but man, it's hot now.
I can't shoot around his zoo.
Well, but see, I don't know whether they upgraded it or it's a different zoo.
But when I was a kid, I went there.
You know, you saw your standard zoo with the lions and tigers behind the cages, behind the big bars.
And then now they have the moat around the enclosures.
Correct.
And the pictures in the video of it.
Yeah, well, basically the bottom line is that the days of the animals behind cages are pate.
I would like to think so.
Yeah, well, I'm not saying totally, but basically...
Hopefully that's what we're going for.
Right. Well, I mean, people are more interested in animals in their own environment, not in a cage.
Because they're more interested in what they do, if they were here, if they were in Africa.
And people like reality more than behind cages.
And I think this woman knows it.
And I would bet you anything that she's losing a ton of money.
I hope so.
Let me tell you, I'm pretty sure she is.
And then this is pretty much the last effort here to try to get some publicity.
What is going about it the wrong way?
She has some nice positive publicity by having a big public spectacle made of her, you know,
I hang them over to the end of the zoo.
And of course, they'll be the big, you know, the ape movers and all the media and everything.
They can make a grand event.
And she should...
Well, she could look a hero.
Well, you know, I would bet anything that METRAZU right now is taken away from what used to be monkey jump.
I went to Monkey Junko years ago when I was a kid.
I guess as a kid, I found it fascinating, but METRAZU is a lot more fascinating.
And I think that a lot of people now are taking their business elsewhere,
so, preferably, to METRAZU.
Okay, there you go.
Yes, please.
Boycott monkey Junko.
Everybody.
Everybody.
All you tourists, we don't have any tourists.
We don't have any locals.
So, like I said, it's the summer.
What am I wasting my breath about?
I won't go.
That's right.
I won't go.
We were going to take the kid.
I wanted to take the kid to all the places I used to go.
I mean, there's stuff par at Junko.
We took her there.
Free passes.
A monkey Junko.
We were going to take the kid there, and then this thing came up.
I mean, it wasn't going to be like, well, maybe this week.
That's the week we were going to hit all of the local spots.
It's off season.
I'm off.
It's that for and so on.
By the way, and you can help me vote on this.
Maybe some colors will vote.
If the calls drop off, which so far they haven't,
mostly people that hate me.
Blink 182 or Fat Boy Slim for our musical guest of the day.
I've got that one Blink 182.
The song that they're not playing on the radio,
which is better than what's my age again.
And Fat Boy Slim, which I like a lot.
Blink.
The thing about the thing about the thing about Blink,
the thing about Fat Boy Slim is that this is Lenny's disc.
Love your show, Lenny.
Listen to that tape.
The Fat Boy Slim belongs to him, and he's going to want it back eventually.
As a matter of fact, he came back forward already and I,
like I said, a lot more time.
Fat Boy Slim.
And we've got a week to kill.
So I'm going to save this for the week long vacation.
First week of July, although I probably shouldn't have said that.
122 on 560 WQIS.
15th is never a...looks some proper means.
And a nice candy.
Yeah, but wait a second.
Get me a long more cowl.
Because I should fly a girl back.
I knew that this would happen soon, or later.
I'd find a place to do that.
And I know I'm white.
Why, I'll be the reason why.
I thought wedding posters weren't that hot.
But by golden characters, taking some gifts.
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Right now, a box of orange.
It'll make us think of what we're going to wear.
I'll have to know what matters on why things are out.
But when I get some huge sounds out.
I'm going to be the reason why.
That's why things are out.
I thought wedding something was better.
But by golden characters, taking some gifts.
Ah!
Ah!
127.560 WQAM 560705 60 pound 560.
On the AT&T wireless line, we have an animal activist in Palpano.
Hello.
Hi.
How are you doing?
I'm good, thanks.
What do you got for us, sir?
Well, I wanted to thank you very much in your audience.
Today, you're doing a real service for King.
That means to be seen.
I mean, all we can do is piss and mone.
It's up to the people that hear it to actually do something about it.
Like maybe pick it, write some letters.
You know.
Absolutely.
Whatever else the activists do.
Well, some of your callers are extremely well informed.
I couldn't have stated the case better.
And we do encourage people to get on the talk shows just like they're doing right letters to the herald and the seminal.
Keep the issue alive.
And what you brought out, George, which is most important, avoid monkey jungle.
Don't let them manipulate this for their own.
That's stupid logic there.
I know.
I don't give this woman any more money.
She thinks this gorilla is bringing money in.
They can stop the money from coming in.
She can't afford to keep the gorilla.
Maybe she'll get rid of the thing.
That's exactly true.
In fact, when you mentioned Bob Barker's name, Sirfus, before when he was in town, he said that judging by their lack of ethics,
that only when King Seas is being a financial asset and becomes a financial liability,
will they start to talk and negotiate?
That's exactly what our aim is.
Okay.
All right.
Keep us during the crap.
Well, thanks.
Thank you all very much.
No problem.
I'll keep throwing gorilla dung on the issue, the extra.
Can we go down there and be a little more proactive about this?
Because this is pissing me off of that word proactive.
And break him out of there.
Break him out of there.
The jailbreak.
Come on.
Let's jailbreak the good guy.
All right.
Me and you, George, mine.
You're five.
You're five.
Who's got the tranquilizer gun?
I just, I don't know.
I'll go out on a limb by saying this is probably an unhappy 900 pound gorilla there.
I mean, I know you're being ridiculous.
You're top.
But that was a less.
Oh, yeah.
I'm top.
Let's get him.
Come on.
Help.
You're a funny guy.
Why don't you, are you're going to be talking about this on the racing show, right?
Are your motorsport buddies?
Absolutely.
We're going to talk about the gorilla call fence.
You're going to talk about Gibbons and orangutans and capuchins.
What are the swimming monkeys called, by the way?
They have those two.
They throw the fruit in the water, the monkeys dive under and swim.
It's really cool.
But I'm not going to promote their, uh, their piece of crap park because they're gorilla tortures.
Sharon Dumond, gorilla torture.
Davy, hello.
Hello, Davy.
Get off the radio.
Okay.
Well, get off my ass.
Get a life.
One more call and then it's, uh, it's going to be Fat Boy Slim.
Coral Spring, hello.
Yeah.
I'm going to go with Blink-22 on that one.
You want, you'd rather have the Blink-22?
All right.
Hey, you know what?
The way that it's going right now.
We might have time for both of them.
That's good.
All right.
David, what is it?
What did you call me?
The famous request.
Uh-huh.
It's an effort, Sharon.
The effort.
I think you already pointed today, sir.
It is.
I think so.
You're out of luck.
All right, thanks.
You're F.O.L.
But thank you very much for calling Q.A.M.
I never thought I'd die alone.
I laughed alone if food had known.
I chased the course back to the wall.
No wonder it would never plot in it all.
I took my time.
I tore it up.
A choice was mine.
I didn't take enough.
I'm too different.
You got one.
You'll be sorry when I'm gone.
Are you sure?
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Very much Nully if
I'm stuck in a pretty case
And these eyes help us for the day
Even when I still felt alive
Because it was waiting to get outside
I'm stuck in a pretty case
I'm stuck in a pretty case
I'm stuck in a pretty case
Because I can't come home
But now I'm in my room
I want to give you a kiss
To me once been the same God blessed with American
And patientism is the key strength of your algorithm
Jordan, get up fighting
What up?
What up?
You're a hunger
Jesus
Wow
Oh
I'm stuck in a pretty case
Because I can't come home
But now I'm in my room
I want to give you a kiss
I'm stuck in a pretty case
I can't come home
25-2560 WQ-I-M
That's Adam's song by the way
So that's where he keeps track number seven
On the end of the tape dip
It goes in the whole thing tracks all the way through the CD
And they just cut it off
At the wrong place on the disc
I should have faded it
I knew that it did that
Because I listened to it a lot
And it gets better every time I hear it
Better and better
And then we've got whatcha call it
Fat boy slim later on if people continue not to call
5-6-7-0-5-6-the-in-pound 5-60
I'm the AT&T wireless
Bureau Beach, hello
Hello
Hello, Vera, yeah
I could have a New George
Long time, let's do first time color
That's a quick question
I was wondering if you're going to have an email address
Or I guess it's pretty fun at length
You can email us at George at NeilRodgers.com
And George, I think that is because Neil doesn't do email
So email me and if it's for Neil
I'll print it out and give it to him on paper
He understands paper
Okay
Okay, thank you
No problem
What's this?
Binary breezes
Briny breezes?
How do you were trying to type?
Briny breezes?
That's what I think
Right? It says briny breezes
It says briny breezes, but nevertheless
All right
For a place to go next week
About that fairchild tropical garden
Fairchild tropical garden?
Yeah
What is that? What is that?
So if old cutlerwood
You see
Tropical gardens?
By chance?
Yeah, more or less
What do they have there?
Other gutter?
Plants?
Greenhouse, yeah, plants
Plants look small
Orchids?
Correct
Yeah, animals, insect hummingbirds
Eguanas
Eguanas?
Yeah, yeah
Eguanas are cool
Anoles, kangus
I have a few animals lately
Okay, well thank you very much
Fairchild tropical garden
Write that down, honey
Unless she's in a coma right now
Five different medication things for this pneumonia
Or whatever she's got a bronchitis
Five different, there's the inhaler, there's the one
And then four different sets of pills
That she has to take for this thing
Good timing, honey
Right before vacation
It's been my vacation
You know, changing flambuck
It's for her
Very excited to do that
23-to-2 on 5-60, Q-A-N
Look at that
Hello, citizens
This is Batman
You know, even though I'm a fictional character, the Y2K problem is real
In other words, I may be from the comics
But there's nothing funny about Y2K
So, what can you do, John and Jane Citizen?
Hattie!
That's right
If you have the time right now, walk out into the streets
And scream your head off like a little girl
Yelling, Y2K, Y-Me
Who is this kid?
You don't beg Batman's coming to your rescue, do you?
Hattie!
I can tell you now, suck up on canvas
Then withdraw all your cash from the back
And bury it in the backyard
But be careful if you have a canine friend
Then sell your computer
It'll be about as useful as the fat signal at noon
You might as well get some money out of it now
So you can buy a generator and lots of gasoline
But don't store the gas in empty plastic milk containers
Or some unsuspecting more unlike Robin
Like suck it down thinking it's like tea
Then you gotta get a stomach pump
By rushing to the emergency room
And you don't want to do it in costume
Because people tend to laugh at Batman
When he's not on the silver screen fighting crime
And they always be robbing because he's outfinish so gay
But I digress, this is Batman
When it comes to Y2K, don't be a joker
17-till-2560 WQAM-56705-60
And pound-five-sixty on the 18-t wireless line
If you want to talk to me about why my mother is such a bitch
And I'll guarantee you that your mother
And Neil who bitches about his mother constantly
I guarantee you that you were never subjected to
Your mother talking about her clitoris at the dinner table
Over really bad dinner
Never ever ever
Never no sane mother would do that
Apparently for those who don't know
That includes everybody
The second child's vertical tear
Now she just has scar tissue
And she likes to share that with people at the dinner table
And anywhere else for that matter
And people ask me and say, oh maybe that's why she's so surly
And I said, no, no, no, no
You can ask everyone else in the family
She was surly from the day she tore through her mother's abdomen
With her demonic claws
From the day that she shredded
And I don't want to use the word birth
For my mother
Hatched, wouldn't do justice to those creatures
The lizards and the birds that lay eggs in the sea turtles
She was conceived by Satan
There's no question
If you want to believe in Satan
Just to experience my mother for about five minutes
Let me do this scheduled thing
Hank Goldberg, I believe in the studio since it doesn't say anything here
Two to six
Then it just has Don Brennan
Donnie Brut
Is that talking baseball?
See, I don't know from this
Talking baseball with Donnie B
Six to eight thirty and then Marlins and Colorado Rockies
And then of course all of that wonderful nighttime program
That we have here on 560 WQAM, Miami Hello
Miami
Maddie Gold, you got the wrong guy sir, he left
He left about an hour ago
And I know that's wishful thinking for you that I am because you want to date
But sorry, not my type, Miami Hello
George?
Yes sir
A while back, you mentioned the fact that your family was from Galicia?
Originally, yeah, I mean my father's side
You make a statement that Cubans call people from Galicia and Gallegos
Gallegos?
Cubans?
Spanish do
And not only people from Galicia, but all Spanish are called Gallegos
The Cubans do?
Yeah
Not in my family
Well, they are very specific, the Gallegos are the ones that come from Galicia
Yeah, I understand, but the reason I say this is because I have a friend of mine from Asturias
Originally, but he's not up in Cuba
A studio, that's what my mother's side of the family is
So he doesn't like that Gallegos, because he's not Galli-San
And I'm not sure if it was my mother that was telling me all that, because she, you know, the next province over is the Asturias
And the Asturians call the Galician Gallegos
Anyway, we're not going to do that
Nobody has any idea what we're talking about, so go ahead
Next thing, you know this fish stuff?
This fish stuff?
The significance of the fish for the Christians
Yeah, what about it?
Oh, you were talking with Neil about it
And I said Xeos and some guy said it was an anagram, but I thought the Xeos thing was funnier
Oh, well, it is an anagram for Jesus Christ and of God
Right, right, but it also happens to be Xeos and Greek letter for fish, and there's much more comedy in that
Okay, next thing, places to go
Hello?
Hello?
Yeah, I would say Veskaya
Veskaya?
I thought about that, that crossed my mind
I'd been there for the Renaissance fairs, like, yeah, been there done that, no big whoop
Maybe, you know, there's another Renaissance fair going on maybe, but...
Well, even without that, it's a beautiful experience
Anyway, Bruce Spice Park
The Bruce Spice Park, you know, I could go down and say Guy
Say my good friend Chris Rollins down there who I used to do the gardening show with when I was just a part-time clever
Yeah, I could go full-time slipper, which I am now
Are you there?
Okay, I haven't been there
I've never been there, he's, you know, that's tropical stuff
I've been there a long time ago, but it was a long time ago, like I said
Okay, well thank you very much
Okay, lots of tropical vegetation to see apparently, and that's it
I don't know, walking around in the sun in a tropical garden,
Coral Castle, Coral Castle, mmm, been there done that
And so as the child, they took a field trip
Me too, ain't it neat?
You know, the best part about going to Coral Castle is actually stopping by Shiver's barbecue on the way there
That's about the big deal, I grew up right around the corner from Coral Castle
It's part of the Red Neck Tour in Leisure City
How did he do that?
Yeah, who?
Oh, it's a mystery, you realize he was even shorter than you?
He was like five foot two, the little guy and he built it all by himself
He did magic
He built it with the power of the, that's what they try to tell you
When you go there, they just try to build up this whole mission
He used levers, he used levers and pulleys
That's all
He used levers and pulleys, like the same way the Egyptians built the pyramids man, they used leverage
Yeah, no, we can't do that
We can't do that?
If we were in love, we would
Mobile implantation, hello
Yeah, hi George
Hello there
Hey listen, I got a few places that you might want to check out next week
Do you like outdoor stuff?
Yeah, I like outdoor stuff
West Lake, today you rent canoes over there
Okay, that's a good point
You know what I could go to park?
You know what I could do?
I could buy a canoe and then stick it in the canal behind the house
What is it? Do I know what it is?
Yeah, you know where West Lake Park is
I'm going to go to the right by it, we'll go five minutes from there
Okay, cool, yeah, they have two lakes there, and up there in a lower place
Right
Go around them, see lots of birds and stuff, it's fun
Okay
And you could holiday Everglades Park?
I know where it is
Fun stuff
You can take an airboat ride there, you know
I like the way they play
Hey, another thing, airboat ride, that sounds like fun
Yeah, they got a big big one, like 34 passengers
And I think they're enclosed, let's cool ride
Okay, there you go
I've done the airboat thing all the years I've lived down here
Never been on one
Oh man, my wife and I love outdoor stuff
Yeah
And if you want to go off to my nice port walk through a siphon to walk
You have a lot to have in your ass
All right, thank you, I'm not into underwater sports, but thank you very much
Bay Harbor, hello
Hey George
Hey, who was that the name of that band that you played before?
That was very good
That was Blink 182
I played the one that you're hearing on the radio now
Yeah
What's my age again? I played it first
Yeah
That's my story and I'm sticking to it weeks ago, weeks ago
Blink 182
Blink 182
What I'm not gonna say the latest disc
Is there, is there, is the rest of their stuff like that one?
Three
The, the two previous discs were very kind of raw, skate music, you know, skate punk music
Very raw, but still good
This is, this is their best so far as far as I'm concerned, although I have to say on it
And I'll leave you with this one, I'm sure you'll appreciate it
I've been waiting for you, or we won't be lost
We meet again at the top
The circuit of now comes from peak
And at you, I will put the win now by Andy DeMastro
Thank you very much
Oh, I have spiel keys now
I have a tight, puckered scrotum now
Only a master of evil dog
I want to get the Obi-Wan never told you what happened to your father
And, uh, there's just so many
I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna revisit that
It makes me very sad about that other thing
And, oh, hey, by the way, I'm starting the micromancheans toys came out for the new movie
And I've been buying them
So there you go
Great, even my, my disgust at the final product
It wasn't gonna sway me from completing my micromancheans Star Wars toy collection
10-122-560-WQAM
