Sport Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
Who talked to Neil called 567-0560 toll free for either a day to grab it or pound 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM.
Beasley read acquisitions.
No, no, no, no.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sport Radio 560 QAM.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Ladies and gentlemen, if I could offer only one tip for the future,
act strange and people will leave you alone.
The rest of my advice has no basis more reliable than my own neanderine experience.
Put a slinky around your neck and try to walk downstairs backwards headfirst.
Sit naked in a large bowl of rice crisps and sing feelings while the kernels go snuff crackle and pop.
Go up to a ticket booth and try to stick your head to the hole where they say how much.
Link, a stranger.
Tell him you're from Bosnia and your country at the sign of respect.
Take lots of pills.
One of them might work.
Occasionally ask a stranger if they've heard anything from Lewis.
D. Annoying.
During an IRS audit, staple the guy's hand to his desk.
Moon, a funeral.
Play Go Fetch with a scene I dog while he's working.
Run naked through a mall yelling.
Killer bees, killer bees.
Say the word kitty without smiling.
Try to figure out who said Paulie Shore should star in movies.
Don't be surprised if it's the same guy who said John Gacy should look with kids.
Ask an old lady if you can carry her groceries and try to make a run for it.
This appears for great lengths of time.
Try to touch your forehead with your tongue.
It may not work, but many women will appreciate the effort.
At a high school reunion, tell your old English teacher that your dog's still eating your homework.
Ask Mark McGuire if they'll take a million dollars for one of his books.
Try to find the secret to caretops success.
Understand your conception was an accident.
That your parents got wasted and wanted a few more laughs before they passed out.
Try not to lose your finger in your nose.
Take a bobcustis and ploss them on the lawn next door.
Go on a car trip with bobcustis and force a disdainous car seat.
Try to dribble bobcustis.
Ask all your friends and family for forgiveness.
Knowing you, you've done some crap that's really pissed them off.
Wish no real will to anyone unless you don't like them.
Then screw them around their own.
Realize anyone who says that completely happy are completely full of crap.
Ask a hell of angel if he's a woman or as you always walk like that.
Understand that there are bad people in the world and you may just be one of them.
Smith and old lady.
Imagine Gomer Pyle and the gay bar are trying to get lucky.
Do this without laughing.
Find what's left of your innocence. Understand it.
Embrace it. Protect it.
And it is so often taken out for a nice notch.
Care enough not to care.
Home while you eat.
Act strange and people will leave you alone.
All right, 10, 4, 5, 60 WQ.
I'm one of the last time I mentioned by the way that the Rascal House sucks.
Have I mentioned that recently?
No.
It does.
Anyway, more altar boys needed at St. Peter's.
The Vatican is discreetly advertising and imparishes throughout Italy for more boys to serve mass in St. Peter's.
At the moment there are 11 altar boys who take a tour who take it in turns it says.
Who take it back in turns to assist priests who wish to celebrate mass individually in one of the side chapels of the Basilica.
In the year 2000 with the expected arrival of large numbers of clergy as well as pilgrims, 11 will not be enough.
Wasn't that a show with Dick Van Patteny, 11 is not enough?
Candidates should be ages 11 to 13 and those who are chosen will live at a Catholic boarding school in Rome for the duration of their duties.
This will factor in the church.
Of course.
We know that.
Wow.
So anyway, speaking of Italy, just had a call from my good close personal friend who George still hates like Poison Bob McKay, program director of Kiss FM, our sister station, country kissing, whatever.
That's written in the box.
Good guy Bob McKay always liked him in spite of that here piece.
Actually, he wouldn't have had that here piece of horn for Bob Eisenberg.
And see, Bob Eisenberg's philosophy is that if somebody else in a building looks as silly as he does, then he won't have to feel so bad.
Isn't that our philosophy?
It's not important in life that you succeed, but that everybody else looks as bad as you do.
So anyway, Bob McKay calls me up, which he didn't really have to do.
But it was a nice gesture on his part to thank me for turning him on to the great hotel in Florence, the Excelsior, the hotel excelsior, which he and his lovely wife stayed for nine days.
I guess three in Venice, three in Aroma and three in Florence, for Inza.
And had a great time.
Stayed at a crappy hotel in Rome.
That's because he didn't ask me about Rome.
Okay, I told you, a grand or the Excelsior couldn't get into the Excelsior in Rome.
So he stayed at some horse ball hotel in Rome.
But they had a great time in Florence, he said.
And of course, being the tourist that they wore that off some serious cash on the Pontivecchio, which is strictly a tourist trap, where they sell a lot of very glitzy and overpriced jewelry and leather and stuff like that.
Beautiful stuff, but very, very overpriced.
But nevertheless, had a great time.
Not to like in Italy, maybe.
Talked about the great people over there.
And if that isn't enough to get us started with a rolling, with a rolling start today, wait till you're this.
I'm not sure which I should re letter the first, the hate letter about you or the fact you do another appearance.
In fact, maybe the asshole that wrote the hate letter, maybe whoever this is, aka Mitchell Barron, who decided to change his name with white out at the end of this two and a half page letter.
Oh, I'll take it back.
Four and a half pages, both sides.
Maybe he'll show up to see you at Prime Coal.
Because George had such a tremendous, and you know, the guy that was in the van that day with his family driving around.
Now, hopefully this Saturday, June 12th, it won't be the end of the world like it was today.
If you're listening on the internet, anyplace else in the world just be glad you're not here, which I'm sure usually you're glad you're not here.
But I'm going to tell you it's the end of the frickin world as we knew it.
Forget about the goddamn Y2K thing.
We're doing it right here in June.
Man, oh man.
It's the...
Why?
To June problem.
Why to J?
Boy, just I mean torrential rains and thunder and lightning all night long.
And my little dog dancing around the house just the whining and whimpering all frickin' night long.
God almighty.
Yeah, that might have been a good idea.
Calm him down a little bit.
Christ.
So because George had such a tremendous turnout on his first appearance, he's going to do it again.
Actually, the reason he's doing it again is because he'll take the cash.
Thank you.
It's the new Superstore Grand Opening of Prime Code this Saturday, June 12th.
It says free food, door prizes, live radio remotes.
They're giving away some phones.
And since that's a business they're in, come have your picture taken with the little pink guy.
Are you like that?
Never had my picture taken with the little pink guy.
Although I can think of something I'd like to have my picture taken with.
Lots of family fun.
And George too.
It's written in there like in, you know, it's like an afterthought.
And George too.
Free Motorola Lothar Persepack for the first 500 people who show up.
We're going to have the bumpers.
We'll have those real fancy, oh thanks Sam.
Those beautiful, those amazing QAM bumper stickers.
Oh yeah, the ones, the yellow and blue and white ones, you know.
That ugly yellow on the blue background that Sam is famous for.
Have those too.
So you can proudly wear your QAM bumper sticker all over town or stick it on your back door or somebody else's that you hate.
Now what's the time this Saturday, June 12th from, how come the time's not on here?
10 a.m. the noon.
It's in there Sunday probably written as an afterthought.
No.
Oh well, let me write it on here, okay, because I want to make sure you get a big turnout.
10 a.m. the noon at Prime Code this Saturday, stop by and see George.
And don't call on Monday next week with excuses.
Oh well, we drove five, but the dog had diarrhea and the kid, you know, cracked in the van.
I don't want to hear excuses.
Like it's too early on a Saturday.
Who gets up at 10 a.m.?
I sure is all going on a Saturday.
10 a.m. the noon.
They can drop by the last few minutes and say, oh you're leaving now?
Oh, you know, they can stop by about five till noon.
Grab the free stuff, say it was nice seeing you, George, and get out of there.
Which they don't really want to see you.
They want the free crap and who the hell would blame them?
9 minutes past 10 at 560 WQM ago.
Take this aboard, even loves Neil Rogers.
Look at all the red-nicked girls cut off certain and airing girls go into the bar to get free drinks.
Get in beat by red-nicked cloth like what you see each night on top.
They're what puts the c***** in country range.
Look at all the red-nicked cloths, beaten lunch at Peter Hunt.
In their green side wonder, Walmart George.
They say like an old github there pick up thrice on the lawn and promise in the Lord to free the poor.
Somebody tell me why, I'll trail their hearts alive.
Can those birds of me those who from hell?
If the red-nicked bellies had them built it, Jesus, welcome answer, brother, place the banjo in a tree.
Take pride in their heritage and send them to the Old West.
Foundations of a Christian family.
Born again, they grazed the Lord and banged their savers when they're poor.
What would Jerry Springer do without those rinses next Wednesdays?
What was the f***?
It's a durin.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
Oh, I was thinking of that, by the way.
Speaking of Yahoo's and red-nicks.
Jerry Falwell, after he got finished making up with the purple tinky winky and gave it a big kiss and a hug.
Somebody on his staff gave him one and there was a big picture last week of him giving it a big kiss and a squeeze and a hug.
And the tinky winky too.
Well, now he's onto the Bud Light people, which we love Bud Light.
That's right.
Here's their full page ad that they're running this one appeared in the advocate, the National Fag Rag this week.
And it's a picture of two guys from the rear, if I can say that, and they're holding hands.
Two muscular arms.
I would say guys in here, what, like 25 to 35-ish, when you say that.
I mean, you really can't tell because you don't see them.
You just see the arms in your holding hand.
And at the bottom it says, be yourself and make it a Bud Light.
Bud Light, that's it.
That's a very simple ad.
Well, Jerry Falwell's pissed off about that.
He's always pissed off about anything that has to do with fags, real or imaginary.
I bet he's wild about the wild kingdom.
I mean, he must be psychotic about that.
He must even be upset now that we found out that Doug Swallows.
I bet he's spitting blood or something.
Falwell crowns King of Beers.
First it was tinky winky.
Now the Reverend Jerry Falwell was taken on Bud Light for having a little bit too much hoppin' at step.
The far right Reverend urged Falwell worth the protest against Anheuser Bush after the company launched a gay pride ad campaign,
showing two men holding hands, but Bud hasn't budged.
In a statement regarding the ads which are running in gay publications, including the advocate,
company official said, today's consumer is not one of a specific gender, race, geography or orientation.
We appreciate and respect the views of all of our customers, period and basically Jerry Falwell.
Go to hell and they'll come back.
Oh, this guy, I'm Tonya.
Like I've always told you, it was the same with Hitler with every crazy person.
Without a scapegoat, they can't get anywhere.
Everybody's got to have a scapegoat so they can get power.
They can make the big bucks.
Whatever it is that they're looking for.
In this case, both.
And of course Jerry Falwell has become basically the laugh and stock of the guy that went country, okay?
Especially, I mean, tinky winky wasn't bad enough.
Now he's going after Bud Light spots.
Crazy, crazy, hateful, sick people.
By the way, I want to thank my good friend in the Bahamas, Louis,
which I did get your card finally after I got off the earth.
I found the card in there.
And he's got his business card in here.
Lucy, hell of a guy.
And he sends us this pamphlet, Dear believer, which I made.
It's very well written in from the beginning.
I thought, Lou wrote this to me this up.
Comes to find out it's from the Freedom from Religion Foundation,
our good friends up there in Madison, Wisconsin.
It's great.
And I'm going to read it.
You know what we ought to do?
We ought to make up, we can't make copies from this because it's not that good of a,
we ought to have it typed out.
You know what I'm saying?
And send copies of it out.
I'm sure they'll send more.
You think?
We'll call them up.
Sure.
You have their number?
No.
Oh.
I don't know if they have a number, but they got a PO box.
But yeah, we should have about 50,000 of these mail them out to everybody.
Dear believer, and it's got a picture of the Holy Bible under front,
and it's got a warning tag under front page of the Bible.
It says, warning, literal belief in this book,
may endanger your health and life with a skull and crossbones underneath it.
Oh!
Yeah.
Great.
Thank you, Lou and the Bahamas.
You okay in my book, you know what I mean?
You're alive.
Yes, you are.
I'll give two that in a minute.
Here's a derail.
Hello.
Hello, now.
Yes.
Hey, now, some here pondering.
Now, I'm going to clean up all right that it'll get together with George this Saturday.
I didn't know that last time he was done in home-fist since I worked the midnight shift.
And I'm actually up right now when I should be asleep.
So I'm glad I got this bit of information.
Right.
And I'm thinking how many things can I get for free over there?
Well, let's see.
They got those, they're giving away some phones.
They're giving away those free motor roller leather purse packs.
You'd look lovely with the motor roller leather purse.
Thanks.
First 500 people.
I'm going to make it into a fanny pack because people will start talking.
No, but I do.
We know about guys who wear fanny packs.
Yeah, how many guys wear how many people they're expecting over there?
Just for the first 500 they get the motor roller purse pack.
You're talking about optimist.
Yeah.
Yeah, there's a lot more than just George, so he's like an afterthought, okay?
They got the little pink guy he's going to show up.
George, I will be there, buddy, with bells on.
And listen, I was reading the paper today.
We're going to get a woman's basketball association.
Oh, yes, that's what we need.
It was here.
It was here.
It was here.
The WNDA in Miami owned by the Miami Heat.
Does anybody care?
No.
Absolutely not.
That will not draw.
And I'm going to tell you the lesbian lady who was very nice that called yesterday,
who was bitching about the ugly bull dice up in Disney World.
She's going to really be upset when she sees this crowd of chicks.
If I knew that term.
I mean, you can't.
You can't.
Yeah.
You got Marlins, you got the heat, you got the hot.
They're dirty.
We've already got 75 teams in Nobody cares about.
We got the, the, what do they call it, the arena football or nobody cares about?
The indoor football, indoor everything.
And he's still got indoor bull dikes.
You can't sell anything.
And listen, I agree with you on those light beer commercials.
I love them with the frog and the ferret.
Right.
They're the greatest.
They're the greatest.
All right, Neil, you take your words.
It says bring something.
All right, I'll see you, George.
Bring 499 people.
Right, bring 499 other people so they can give away those spanny packs.
One thing about a guy that's wearing a fanny pack, you look at him and right away you say to yourself, he's an asshole.
Do I have anybody particular in mind?
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
The guy with a fanny pack, who I'm sure got his ass candy at the macaroni, we won't see him again the next season.
Pain in the ass, terminal boring, the inquisitor, the grand inquisitor, who instead of doing his job there, I guess was busy asking everybody five million questions, including us.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, you know, like that.
Oh, guess what, I went to public slide in the pouring rain and I tuned over to 1580 to see if my friend Craig wording was on and he was on.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
I'm WSRF 1580 so I'll give a plug to Craig, even though I'm not returning his phone calls because, you know, I'm just not.
I know that makes me mean I haven't returned his phone calls for about three months.
Why am I not doing that?
I don't know because I'm just I'm just saturated with all problems, you know.
Norm had that 800 pound tumor removed from his public and it just, you know, too many, my plate is just so full with stuff.
You know what I'm saying Craig, don't take it personally unless you want to but I wish you the best of luck.
He's the only real broadcaster on the station and what brought that to my mind is yesterday.
What was the guy's name?
Don, sure what sure what oh my god, even in sure what forest they're laughing at this guy.
Oh, I do this. I do this.
Yeah, you do it. All right.
Not on this station.
You do it on a make believe station.
Okay.
I do this.
Yeah, I want you just to stop and put yourself in that position and this isn't the first time it's happened by the way over the years.
I've had several wannabe broadcasters call in on this show, including some while they were on the air.
Remember those they like three times don't sure what it is.
Try to do this while you're on the air because they were looking for a real audience which they haven't got.
They're trying to suck off if I can say that the near Rogers audience and believe me if you've seen most of them you might change your mind.
But I'm serious.
They're trying to siphon off from from me to a and I got news for you.
It's not going to help.
I do this. I do it. No, you don't do this.
You're terminal. You're a jackass Don Sherwood.
You're on a you're on a Phantom radio station.
It's just a tragedy that Craig wore the and I know we all got to make a living.
That he has to wind up on there but at least he's you know at least he's eating.
Oh, guess what spot he was going into.
I don't dare say it.
What live spot he was going into when I turned on last night.
Pizza lost.
No. Restaurant though begins with an S.
SCOO.
That's Cougan.
Yes.
And I went.
Hey, we all got to eat like I said.
Cougan.
Woo!
That's going to be a great idea for you to make your next appearance.
And the one that's out of the day is going to go so great.
I've been July.
Meet George at SCOO.
I'll be there too.
I can work my way at the Shlomys.
Exactly. That will be big when we have Dr.
Atkins out there at Shlomys.
About the 20 miles off the coast.
Do we?
Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi, Neil. How are you?
How are you?
You got me stood up by saying I got a gay brother.
I don't have any hangups with gay people.
But this weekend I was in Walt Disney.
Yeah.
And, and, and the same way.
There's blacks and there's neggars.
And the same way.
There's good white people in trailer tracks.
Yes.
There's fags and there's flaming homosexuals.
Slamming queens.
Yeah.
That, that, totally, disrespected Walt Disney and what Walt Disney stands for.
I know you're going to say, why did you go?
Because I've been there before.
Yeah, and it wasn't a big deal, but this year the Queens were out and it was terrible
There was old men with young guys on these shoes. Yeah
Disgusting all right. Oh, right. It's not all right when you take kids. It's a family oriented. That's right
That's absolutely right. It's a family-rated thing and I think it's disgusting and gross in the very humor
But no, it's funny. I was laughing. Yeah, I thought it was funny to see a bunch of books
See, I got a whole new attitude. I've changed. You know, I've got different things like guilty and changed my attitude about this radio station
Which I love it here now and number two. I've changed my attitude about these these exhibitionist type people where they're a camp
I changed my mind about that and you want to know why because for years those of us fags and believe me
There's a lot more than most of you people think out there. We've been like Jeff, you know, I are all where every time you turn around
Here's some guy and some chick smooching, you know, on the bus or out there in public and okay
We put up with it. We tolerate it. It's not of no interest to me one way or the other
But if there are two guys like holding hands got for a bit or like kissing. Oh my god our children are so what's a big deal?
Okay, no cares
No, why is he people kissing each other all the time?
It was in the holding hands and it wasn't it was old men
It was about a bunch of screaming queens can't pick it up
Why do they have to why do they have to take it so far?
Exactly why do they have to create that ugly stereotype?
Right right but it was it was out of control. It really wasn't what Disney well Disney should you know they can
I'm like to the 75 new glory holes up there already
And I'm sure I had a great time anywhere it was fun to see but it wasn't good for the kids
Okay, and and I think they're taking it a little out of control
It will teach those kids to run like hell when their priest that comes out with a leash
I just wish some of those fags would jump back into the closet and pull it down a bit. Okay. All right
Okay, I'm gonna use your eyes to get your meat is okay. Yes, I am I'm the greatest make no mistake about that just ask me I'll tell you
See just like this picture. I wish I wish we had the TV thing
I wish we were on when he for like 30 seconds no more than that so people would see this ad
It's you know just a picture of two arms basically that are obviously guys and we're holding hands. Oh my god Jesus Christ
And it's in a game magazine. It's not running like in time or newsweek
Well, why the hell not and and let me ask you this how come Jerry's reading the other advocate?
I wonder you know
He's got his people out there. Maybe now that he was just in tinky winky in here like two weeks ago
Maybe he's like coming out pretty soon. You think that's maybe Jerry's gonna come out like another King show
He's got to keep abreast of that gate plot
But right on
26 after 10 at 560 WQ I am today's very nothing more books then sports
Radio that's why here at 560 WQ am in keeping with our macho image
We're proud to believe in the breath summers and sandy page and show starting this Monday
Join bread and sandy as they welcome their guest Rick Taylor
Not to mention sideline reviews from great loose amus and the public's bad boys only on 560
Q a
Tested he won a Q a and we can't afford to play at a feed beef hole anymore
So we're gonna have to make some changes in a morning show beef hole. Yeah
So anyway
If we could just rent like a convention center like a big room with the holiday unit or something and have the whole
Conglamoration of the chronic colors and the chronic factors in that room that would be worth the price of emission
Don't forget the chronic letter writers and the client or we'll get to that in a minute
You're celebrating for that. I can't wait
But anyway all I did is mention about Jerry Fawba and the Bud Light add and all of us on this asshole out here
It's just that it affects me the same 20 pages that he faxed me six months ago that our rates read someplace else beside old news about Jerry Fawba and the
the Clinton
That all the tape about Clinton and all else other crap. It's all news, okay?
How the reverence you're a fall while in a California political organization
Health finance and orchestrated an extensive anti-clinton propaganda campaign, okay?
Very interesting about a year ago. It was interesting
It's old news and it's in a waste pass getting wasted a lot of facts paper
And as if that wasn't good enough now we got another chronic who now now has changed his name, okay?
But can't change the material because he repeats exactly the same facts that I had like two weeks ago
Which he's crestfallen that I didn't read it on the year and I'm still not gonna read it on the year because basically
He's an asshole. He now he's got a new name Reggie from Boka probably like a close brother-in-law to Veggie from Boka
After yesterday show which proves that he listened yesterday and is listening again today
And has listened every intervening day and between waiting for me to read his facts
Which I'm not gonna do because it's a waste of time
giving me a
Verbal lecture here of a song of dance on on paper
About his problem with the show is about the religion and you know something
I'm gonna talk about whatever and how I want to talk about including reading this thing from the
Freedom from religion the foundation in a minute
And I don't give a crap. Are you like it or not sir? I couldn't care less and
Then well you also need to get your act together on gun laws
Yeah, I need I need to do this. I need to think just what he thinks and of course
We know who this guy is because you know the voice you I'd know the voice immediately if he called you'd recognize him with this
Condo setting the end of all attitude there you go Reggie from Boka
Like he's got at the end of his facts is you're about as funny as cancer of the lip, okay? And don't give me any
Boy oh boy, yeah, it's just if you could only be here on the inside for a few days
A fly on the wall and see the crap that comes pouring in here if it's not on the phone
It's on the facts like yesterday yesterday for a Monday was spectacular not in terms of volume but in terms of the
Equality we had some of the craziest bastards. I've ever talked to in my life yesterday. It was an award winner
I should I should get like 10 weeks extra pay just for talking to those assholes yesterday
We had the drunken bitch. We had the
Just so many I can't even begin the to you know what I'm saying
One after another after another oh
And by the way the rascal house had this guy we get a guy calls Donnie be on a morning show at 20 after 9 this morning comes in here
To report that one of the old chronics that you recognize that voice too. Oh
We're taping your show today on behalf of the rascal house
We're gonna get you off the air pal. I'm gonna tell you you're so old and stale your older and staler than the goddamn ribred
Give me a break like I said red a goddamn convention center and just put all these losers in there and just take pictures of it
Put it on America's most tragic home videos
I don't know whether I should get to this later right now because once I started saying I'm ameth peace
So I'm ameth and again familiar handwriting. We haven't figured out yet exactly what is because they got a phony name at the end
Which rarely do any of these assholes sign a real name God forbid and of course you can understand because you'd be embarrassed too
Defest up for writing this kind of crap like this guy. Ha ha ha ha with this facts. Reggie from Volka
Very original sir brilliant. I only wish I was half as smart as you are
Although I'll take my paycheck. Thank you. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Yes, sir. Yes, I am
I hear you sounds just like this is richy rich your friendly neighborhood sex addict
Yeah, I was wondering if I'm a video keeps popping up and off I'm in the back there
I don't know it's a self-self on it. No, it's about the radio is it a cell radio? Yeah, you're in a cell
I mean, what can we do for today Richie in this very short time here?
What can we do for no? I was wondering maybe you could give me some leads on some Latina cool
Cool, O'Cali and yeah, okay, nah
So when are we getting back to this letter like I said well? I wanted to take a few of these calls here first because I don't want to make the same
A stick I did yesterday because these people are very busy, you know, they got their ores out
Another great reason to live in South Florida by the way speaking of people in South Florida
I've always told you this and it's the truth. I get a letter yesterday and I told I was trying to think of Sean's last name and is
His father the Dennis and I couldn't think the last name is Ernst Sean who was in Nova High and I was at Northwestern University in Chicago
And the whole his whole family are big listers of the show God bless them and the Sean especially
So I just mentioned him on here and all of a sudden here's a long two-page letter from Sean in the mail yesterday
The only part of which I'll share with you is the fact that well the first part being that after he heard our show
We inspired him to go out and buy the Britney Spears a CD
He says she something else and her music isn't bad either while your half-right Sean her music blows, but I guess you might too
But anyway, he says now wait to hear this to prove my point as if I need to prove it
And this is a young man who had never been to Chicago before before went up to the school in Northwestern, which I told him he would love it
He says I'm coming home June 12, but only temporarily
I'm coming back here meaning Chicago June 23rd to work the school of journalism has got a summer program for high school kids
He'll be an instructor counselor supervisor, etc
How do you like that? So in other words, he's coming home for 11 days and then he's going right back to Chicago and getting the hell out of here
In fact, you know, I make some point mentioning in here that I'm probably going to be taking as many vacations as I am as I can this summer
Yeah, to get the hell out of this place
I mean, yeah, they had some nasty 99 in Boston today
It was 95 in Portland, Maine yesterday. They're swattering their spits it up there, but you know something. It's not here
And what do we got?
We got like torrential like the end of the world
It's either feast or famine either it's so bone dry that the state is on fire and you need a gas mass just to leave the house in the morning or
Or you had to get out the ores
And of course you know how good the driving is here on the dry road
Well, just multiply times 50,000 when you see your up to your armpits and water like this morning
People broken down off the side of the road blocking a lanes
People who decide that they don't want to drive on one lane because maybe there's a little bit too much standing water
even if there's not
People go in 18 20 miles an hour when they should be going 35 and 40 when there's no goddamn excuse like on hiatus road this morning
I my estimate is it took me about seven hours to get from sunrise to Broward Boulevard down hiatus this morning about 20 and a half hours
And it was raining you know hard, but not like the end of the world on that particular spot with their standing water on a road
Yeah, was there any problem there?
No, was there anything blocking a road just a bunch of security can't assholes who shouldn't be behind a wheel of a vehicle of a moving weapon
Assholes assholes in cars. That's how Florida for you baby
75% of the people out there driving they should have their licenses revoked and about 50% of those people should be in behind bars right now for
Attempted murder
Let's have a nice day
So there's like I said another example young people when they can get out of here man
That's that's the answers part of the question of what I was been talking about the last two or three years about the summertime
Once kids get out of school and even the college kid
Do you think that they might be coming back here? They'll come home. You know to say hi mom and dad and the dog and sister and brother and
You know and get a little more cash and then Van Moose again. I'll get out of here
I mean who the hell in their right mind is gonna stay here unless they absolutely have to and that's you know
That's just the way it is a lot of people resent the fact that I say that too freaking bad. It happens to be true
21 before 11 and you know just when you're sitting on that plane as long as it's moving in some other direction
There's long as it's leaving South Florida say I'm not really all I concerned is where we're going
We're leaving here and you're going
Yeah
For the sucks tonight the historical general presents oh that you didn't know with Jack Perkins
We're all familiar with the role Michael Carly only played by Al Pacino in the godfather
Moufish, but I bet you didn't know it was originally cast for ex-Jet squirted back
Here's some rarely seen footage of Joe and the role of
Michael Carly only
It's my home
It's my home
Where my wife
and my children
Needless to say he didn't get the job
But join us anyway tonight on the historical channel for how that you didn't know
You can't speak but he sure could play it's 1044 at 516 another illiterate jack
That's what America's all about is illiterate jocks. They've taken over the whole goddamn country
So I'm gonna a couple of things from the newspaper before we get back to that great-to-deer believer thing
First of all here's a letter to the editor which I don't fully understand
But I do understand the part of it just enough because I was out of town in Vegas that weekend at this refers to
Nevin's at New Low writes Vincent Bochicchio
Speaking of the godfather. Well, just that kind of an anvents it. Don't take it personally Bochicchio
Maybe DeCetilia
Nevin's at New Low the column by buddy Nevin's on May 28th is a new low even for him by what justification does he believe
It's the media's business what the sexual orientation of anyone is when I want to read this type of garbage
I'll buy the inquirer Nevin's is beneath contempt and the person will allow this to be published is no better
I didn't meet a column shot but again it reinforces what I told him before and that is that buddy Nevin's finally come out of the
Historical home of a closet that some of us weren't aware that he was in for a very long time until he started becoming a little more over
About it. Nice going buddy
I don't know if you're consistent you asshole and
Speaking again of see goes back to what I said about the guy calling about Disney World a lot of us
We've tolerated this business about you know the guy smooching with their wives or girlfriends or both in public and
Unbuses and wherever else. Okay, we're not gonna complain too much big deal
Not the end of the world, but if two guys should that mean like hold hands or God forbid in America
If a guy should kiss another one like even on a cheek. Oh my god. It's a bunch of faggot
What are they doing in front of our children as opposed to like in Europe where even they get children even like teenagers
The guys kiss each other on both cheeks when they sit like I've put it this before in Italy and the Pope don't say a word
He's just jealous, but he don't say a word. He better not
Because they'll give me Italian salute. So anyway Jose lamb beat who I thought is getting out of town here already
This guy's been doing the longest going away of anybody I've ever seen in my life
Allegedly to get married I think is what he wrote you believe that no yeah, he's allegedly getting married
South Florida inside of an a Sun Sentinel and here we go again I
Don't mind like I said
It's nobody's business what anybody else is doing as long as they're not harming anybody
But when people go to great lengths to put on this phoney facade and then I have to start wondering to myself
Are people actually paying some of these columnists to write this crap is that possible?
I have I mean I have no information to confirm that but I'm just starting to get a little bit suspicious
Because Jose lamb beat seems to be working overtime to portray a particular image of America's the world's newest hardtrop
At the end of this column under sightings he goes on to tell us that Miami hardtrop Ricky Martin
Cosing up with Sal tree actress Catherine Zeta Jones at the MTV movie award-centered United Santa Monica, California
That's all it says but of course the obvious suggestion
Cosing up with well, I hate to break the news to you Jose
But last night they showed the previews on MTV of this big affair coming up the 8 millionth award show of the year and it's only the middle of June
And it's the award for the best on screen kiss of the year and there's Ricky Martin and here's this very
Sultry bitch and he's giving her like a little peck on a cheek, okay as if to say well
This is an introduction to give it away the award, but I'm not gonna get too carried away because my boyfriend will get upset
You know what I'm saying Jose?
You follow what I'm saying. You jackass
I'm serious. I wonder how many these people are on the payroll of the PR people for these various people who are trying to put on this
40 persona or however the plural is a persona
You follow what I'm saying to get my drift. Oh sick of it nauseated by it
Little peck on each cheek just a little pecorino
Yeah, because he's looking a lot about pinga loca
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Yes, sir, I come you didn't go to this or you big money. Yeah, you big might have gone
Yeah, they're very good. How long do you wait out? Hope for that you dumb spec
How come we're not in a van or right now fighting the good fight, okay?
Go over there and you take the bearded one and stick it in his rectum
Here's the mobile in four-letter deal. Hello. Hi. How you doing?
Okay, sir? All right one pony town man one pony town. Go ahead
Yeah, this is this Miami-Sox man Miami-Sox. Yes, I
I called you three things
Several places say that you don't get any
things that you got a lot of I don't get any one you don't get it's not
But it listens to you and yes, let me tell you I just started listening to you because of a friend of mine
You're show and yeah, I like you pretty good
And also we're out of here man Miami-Sox. We are out of here. I'm on vacation and I'm driving my friend out of this town and it's
Not yeah, and I'm driving to my mom's house. That's what we speak because I left my kind there and they got broken into that
Well, that's Miami for you man. That's Miami
That's crap. Yeah, and number three. Was that it was that number three? Yeah, I was number three man
Okay, I think you're right. I'll stick here meet this man. Good luck. Okay. Don't do this again
Oh boy like I said
Here's your look you're like driving a work this way you look to your right look to your left
There's another banana boat. Here's where you're looking always good to have a banana boat with the a of ours, you know life raft just in case on days like this
So here's this hate letter for George by the way now that I have some time to do it
I have to take these last couple of brilliant calls
Dear Neil and again this is very familiar another chronic handwriting keep that in mind as I read this long this is
And isn't it interesting by the way that unless it's from somebody I know like my friend Sean
Which is like a personal letter but most of the male that we get is from crack from chronic
Hostel hey because like I've told you for 23 years
That's what this town is all about a lot of very miserable people who want you to be as miserable as they are and I won't
I refuse I'm a happy camper man. I'm ecstatic life is great. Oh, it's right
Dear Neil since you claim that you're interested in learning hearing what your listeners have to say about George Rodriguez spelled with a G by the way
Filling in for you on the year and since you don't let any criticism of George go beyond the
slightest spelled S.L.I.G.E.S.T
Sligus degree
And because you're not interested in doing what is best for your show and our instead interested in doing a favor for a
No-talent nothing for the obvious reason of trying to make a name for him because of his intention of getting his own show someday
I'm writing to you to tell you what you already know
But we'll never admit because unlike everything else where you tell it like it is in this case
You will tell it like it ain't and if you have any guts at all you'll read this letter in its entirety on the year
And I'm not reading it because of that challenge there. I'm reading it because I fight it so amusing
You are very opinionated about other radio talk show host and radio personalities
Both on your station and other stations from the present and the pet and you are always right on the money in your opinion
There marks about them and tell it like it is and there is no way in hell that you honestly feel George with a G as the slice
Oh this time in sliest S.L.I.G.E.S.T
The sliest bit of talent and belongs on the air
You claim that you listen to him one day for half an hour when you left your show early one day to go to the airport
And you did fine and now that I know how good he is I should go on vacations more often in quotes
If you did listen to him for that half hour that is 29 minutes and 59 seconds more time than you need to know that he has no talent at all and doesn't belong on the air
However, if after listening you truly believe he belonged on the air
Don't you think you should listen to the tapes of the entire show as they did filling in for it to confirm that rather than insisting that he stays on the air no matter what anyone thinks
And that you will never go back to playing tapes of previous shows
That's interesting that it says I underlined that no matter what anyone thinks because didn't I take a poll on this after you
Fill in the first couple of times didn't I take a poll on this?
Yes, and didn't the overwhelming majority of the people say if they have to choose between the tapes and George
They'll take George. Yeah. Yeah. So again no matter what anybody thinks more bull crap pal another big
buzzer for you
It is obvious you don't want to listen to his tapes because you're over and then like I'm gonna sit down and listen to a four hour show of anybody
Oh, no way Jackass
It is obvious you don't want to listen to his tapes because you already know he has no business being on the air
And you don't want to waste your time and be bored to death like everyone else who listens to him because no matter what you hear
You'll keep doing him a favor and let him fill in for you
It's bad enough that you've let it get to the point where George can actually be considered your sidekick on the air because of the fact that he's
Concently budding in and blurting out things over the air some of which you encourage
However, since you're so entertaining your listeners forced themselves to put up with him rather than stop listening to you
Yeah, sucking up to me ripping George and ass
And the sucking up is it doing any good? No
Giving him his own show is another thing letting him fill in for you is the biggest joke in history of radio
He has about as much business being on the air as you have being in bed with a woman
Maybe he has some intelligence, but that doesn't make him a talk show host and neither does the fact that he comes up with topics relating to his fellow
Julios and neither does the fact that he thinks he's real cool and talks like a street punk and his loving coma inducing is boring coma inducing
Terminal monotonous way misspelled by the way monotonous
You'll always get some losers out there who'll say that George or whoever is on the air does a good job
But you know as well as I and any normal objective person though. Yeah, normal. I think that normal people write letters like this sir
Normal objective person knows George without it out absolutely positively sucks George makes Alan Courtney sound like he bubbles over with personality
Alan Courtney would do a better job
It is grave the average person off the street would do a better job than George even brother Mike Lance would do a better blind
Mike would be a major improvement
You've also already stated started to try to make a name for George by having him do remote appearances at car dealerships
Like I have something to do with that. No, I wasn't even aware of this one coming up Saturday
I saw the sheet hiss in here. Okay, you're helping now. Yeah. Oh, I'm making a name for him by having him go out and do remotes
At car dealerships with commercials with them saying this is your drug rig as WQM's Neil Rogers show like I have something to do with that
No, of course not
There is not a GM of any radio station in the world even while stone out of his mind that would even consider putting George on the air even for one second
The only thing that no talent nothing is good for is to answer the phones and put colors on hold. I'll see you're good for something
He couldn't get a job on the air on a station with zero watts at 13 o'clock
If you didn't know George and hurt him on the air you'd blast the hell out of him like you never blasted anyone before
I guess your next step in your attempt to get George's own show will be the threaten to quit the station unless they give George his own show
Very truly yours and the name is there's a white out changed in the like traced over Mitchell Veren phony name phony pilot
And if they don't give George his own show, I'm leaving. How do you like that?
That's right
Starting tomorrow because we got a new producer for this show
Who ain't here today, but he was here yesterday?
Is that is that amazing or what? I mean like page after page spewed with a mook, you know
I'm always telling you about the fact that there's no
There's no passion for anything in this town. The only thing there's passion for is hate
Hate sending it like all worked up and you can just you can feel the venom coming off the pages of this of this scroll piece of crap
The same terminal tired boring handwriting that I've seen a million times before and soon or later
We'll come back to the just exactly which asshole this is by the way
The same old collars the same old factors the same old terminal letterwriters old and tired that South Florida old
Entire the walking dead the driving dead
And thank you so much for your perspicacious observation, that's all
For minutes before 11 and five in fact this guy he ought to well open again with the other guy the pseudo-electurally
that guy
Who has to send verbatim the same fax again that he sent two or three weeks ago because he's wounded
I didn't read it then I still won't read it now like that. I wouldn't waste your time with that crap
Giving me instructions on what I should think and what I should do and what I should say
And by the way pal here's something you ought to do blow it out your ass
oh
Oh
Where else will never all the tanks be in need?
What you'll pull for a girl to see from the sweat?
Get it full, first wave is five turns to you.
This is the seat, your number is 30 on the seat.
You should remember to start a battle with your broken heart
Just remember to pluck.
OK, so let me know too if I insist you go to the Q&A.
OK, enough already with a flushing.
As they say on Long Island, enough of the flushing.
Anyway, my good friend and my close personal friend, Lou in the Bahamas.
Yeah, that one.
So he sends me this thing yesterday in the mail and I look back at the very end of it.
It's from Freedom from Religion Foundation Medicine, Wisconsin, which,
what was her name, the woman from there?
It's been years since I've been talking to Amy and Anne something.
And something.
Anyway, they put out some great literature and guess what?
They're still alive.
Unlike Madeline O'Hare, who is along with her son in a pickle jar or something somewhere.
They're still alive and going strong.
And this is the, we're going to have to get a whole bunch of copies of this
because this is the definitive, the perfect response, all these idiots that keep handing out these religious leaflets.
And by the way, anywhere you go in the world, and especially in North America,
any big city, you walk around downtown and almost anywhere,
and there are these crazy people handing out religious pamphlets.
And you always say to yourself, oh my God, it's a crazy person.
No, thank you.
Let me move right on by, please.
Do you think it's just a coincidence that maybe it's crazy people handing out this religious propaganda?
No, I don't think so.
But anyway, next time anybody tries to twist your armor, give you with a religious song and a dance,
having one of these pamphlets would come in real handy.
And I quote, it says, dear believer, you asked me to consider Christianity as the answer for my life.
I've done that.
I consider it untrue, repugnant and harmful.
You expect me to believe Jesus was born of a virgin impregnated by a ghost?
Do you believe all the crazy tales of ancient religions?
Julia Caesar was reportedly born of a virgin.
Roman historian Sutonia said, Augustus body bodily rose to heaven when he died.
And Buddha was supposedly born speaking.
You don't believe all that to you.
Why do you expect me to swallow the fables of Christianity?
I find it incredible that you asked me to believe that the earth was created in six literal days.
Women came from a man's rib, a snake a donkey and a burning bush smoke human language.
The entire world was flooded, covering the mountains to drown evil.
All animal species, millions of them rode on one boat.
Language variations stem from the Tower of Babel.
Moses had a magic wand, the Nile turned to blood, a stick turned into a snake,
which is wizard and sorcerers really exist.
Food rained from the sky for forty years.
People were cured by the sight of a brass serpent.
The sun stood still to help Joshua win a battle.
And it went backwards for King Hezekiah.
Men survived unated in the fiery furnace.
A detached hand floated in the air and rode on a wall.
Men followed the star which directed them to a particular house.
Jesus walked on water unated.
Fish and bread magically multiplied the feed the hungry.
Water instantly turned into wine.
Mental illnesses caused by demons.
A devil with wings exist to cause his evil.
People were healed by stepping into a pool agitated by angels.
This embodied voices spoke from the sky.
Jesus vanished and later materialized from thin air.
People were healed by Peter's shadow.
Angels broke people out of jail.
A fiery lake of eternal torment awaits unbelievers under the earth.
While there is life after death in the city, which is fifteen hundred miles cubed with mansions and food for Christians only.
If you believe these stories, then you're the one with a problem not me.
These myths violate natural law, contradict science, and fail to correspond with reality or logic.
If you can't see that, then you can't separate truth from fantasy.
It doesn't matter how many people accepted delusions inflicted by holy men, a widely held lie is still a lie.
If you're so gullible, then you're like the child who believes the older brother who says there's a monster in the hallway.
But there's nothing to be afraid of.
Go turn on the light and look for yourself.
If Christianity were simply untrue, I would not be too concerned.
Santa's untrue, but it's a harmless myth which people outgrow.
But Christianity, besides being false, is also abhorrent.
It amazes me that you claim to love the God of the Bible a hateful, arrogant, sexist, cool being who can't tolerate criticism.
I wouldn't want to live in the same neighborhood with such a creature.
The biblical God is a macho male warrior.
Though he said thou shalt not kill, he ordered death for all opposition, wholesale drowning and mass extermination, punishes offspring of the fourth generation,
ordered pregnant women and children to be ripped up.
Demand animal and human blood who appeases angry vanity is partial to one race of people.
Judges, women and inferior to men, is a sadist who created a hell to torture unbelievers, created evil, discriminated against the handicap,
ordered virgins to be kept as spoils of war, spread dung on people's faces, sent bears to devour 42 children who teased a prophet,
punishes people with snakes, dogs, dragons, drunkenness, swords, arrows, axes, fire, famine and fantasize, and said,
father should eat their sons. Isn't that nice? Would you want to live next door to such a person?
No!
And Jesus is a chip off the old block.
He said, I and my father are one and he upheld every jot and tidal of the Old Testament law.
He preached the same old judgment, vengeance and death, wrath and distress, hell and torture for all non-conformist.
He believed in demons, angels and spirits. He never denounced the subjugation of slaves or women, women were excluded as disciples and as guests at his heavenly table.
Except for hell he introduced nothing new to ethics or philosophy.
He was disrespectful to his mother and brothers. He said, we should hate our parents and desert our families.
So much for Christian family life. He denounced anger but was often angry himself.
He called people fools, serpents and whitehead sepokers, though he warned that such language puts you in danger of hellfire.
He said, think not that I have come to send peace on earth. I cannot to send peace but assured so much for peace on earth.
He rationally cursed and withered a fig tree for being veerin out of season. He mandated burning unbelievers, the church is complied with relish.
He stole a horse. He told people to cut off hands, feet, eyes and sexual organs. You want me to accept Jesus but I think I'll pick my own friends. Thank you.
One of Jesus's many contradictions was saying good work should be seen and not seen.
One of his mistakes was saying that the mustard plant has the smallest seed. The writers of Matthew and Luke couldn't even get his genealogy straight, contradicting the Old Testament and giving Jesus to the screppin lines through Joseph his non-father.
I also find Christianity to be morally repugnant. The concept of original sin, depravity, substitutionary forgiveness, intolerance, eternal punishment and humble worship are all beneath the dignity of every intelligent human being and can flick with the values of kindness and reason.
There are barbaric ideas for primitive cultures, cowering in fear and ignorance.
Finally, Christianity is harmful. More people have been killed in the name of a god than for any other reason. The church has a shameful bloody history of crusades, inquisitions, witch burning, pericy trials, American colonial intolerance, disrespected indigenous traditions like the American Indians, supportive slavery and oppression of women.
Modern fruits of religion include the Jonestown massacre, the Kalas fraud of faith healers and fighting in Northern Ireland. Religion also poses a danger to mental health, damaging self-respect, personal responsibility and clarity of thought.
You see why I do not respect the biblical message? It's an insulting bag of nonsense. You have every right to torment yourself with such insanity, but leave me out of it. I have better things to do with my life.
How do you like that? And it's got the address of the Freedom from Religion Foundation, PO Box 750, Madison, Wisconsin, 53701.
We'll give the address again and we'll get a whole bunch of copies of these and make them available to people with a brain. How do you like that? You don't have to read the whole Charles Templeton book. There it isn't about three and a half minutes. Right there.
And so well said and all these other people out there condemning and hating and pointing fingers and bop bop bop bop bop and burning and hell gets a mental health before it's too late.
Okay, free your brain and emancipate your brain and let it do its thing that nature gave the ability to do. Think.
Thank you so much, our friends at the Freedom from Religion Foundation.
10th past 11 and 560 WQ Ampeteon. God.
Oh my God.
Jesus.
Jesus.
Jesus.
Jesus.
God.
Jesus, Jesus.
All right.
That was 15 at 560 WQ Ampeteon, your Station for People with a Brain Larger Than Their Penis, okay. Even the women.
Now one call on the board and that said you would have thought we had this tremendous
response after that, after that miraculous brilliant thing which will get a bunch of
copies of those by the way.
Can't fax him to anybody because it's on a yellow thing and it's long and it's you know
just not possible.
It's long.
560-560-0.560 on the AT&T line of Hank Goldberg to show it to.
We got a double header today whether permitting the Orioles into Marlins at the PP Park starting
at 330.
So it's either hang from 2 to 6 or hang from 2 to 330 and the weather man on the side
whether we got baseball or not.
Ed Kaplan after the games of course.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Hey Neil how you doing?
Okay sir.
I had a suggestion with the piece you just read maybe you could have it put on your website
as a file or something people could download and print off.
Excellent idea.
We'll do that.
Yeah that might work at whoa somebody's beeping at me.
Speaking of articles I don't know if you there's a June 7th issue of the New Yorker.
It's on Newstands now.
Yeah.
There's a tremendous article in there about the decline of the Miami Herald which is
a scribe in large part to Dave Lawrence as well as the fact that Miami's turned into
a banana republic.
Right.
It's a great article.
Oh I don't get that.
What's the issue with it?
It's the June 7th issue of the New Yorker.
There is a wedding cake on the cover.
A drawing of a wedding cake.
All right.
It's a great article.
I just came from plantation.
I don't live too far from where you are.
It is absolutely outrageous there.
The flooding.
There's a canal about to overflow.
We might need no one as arc.
I think 40 days and 40 nights on is a reasonable to me.
One more night I'll do it.
We won't need 40 more.
Yeah.
All right.
Maybe we'll join all those Bufo Toads anyway.
Oh God.
Okay.
Thank you.
All those Bufo Toads that are good friends of you have been brought in here from South
America.
Thank you so much.
All those rocket scientists at the University of Miami brought us Bufo Toads and my dogs
thank you profusely.
Not.
Here's a mobile and candle.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
I'll tell you what that thing that you were just reading a few minutes ago.
All I can say is how do you do that brother?
Right.
Amen.
I tell you.
I mean I'm so sick and tired of these people with their religion shoving it down your
throat and it just gets me.
I am a militant atheist.
Good.
I am a militant atheist and that's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
I'm saying.
I'm saying.
I'm saying.
I'm saying.
I'm saying.
I'm saying.
I'm saying.
I'm saying.
I'm saying.
I'm saying.
I'm saying.
I'm saying.
I'm saying.
I'm saying.
I'm saying.
I'm saying.
I'm saying.
I'm saying.
I'm saying.
I'm saying.
I'm saying.
I'm saying.
Like I said,
like I said, every time it's like this we should have a captive audience.
That's what I would think.
Same with playing golf today.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
Not a captive audience, but it's all contra rly.
They're afraid of course that the next thing especially now after I read that, the next
bolt of lightning that'll be the end for all of us.
Have you explained to the people that we only have the one copy we can't make copies,
we can't mail them?
i just got to say that we can't that we'll be getting out going to try to get a
bunch of copies of this
and it at the very least if we can get copies from these people which i'm sure
we can
because they've always been very cooperative in the past but if we can't so
we'll have it typed out like uh... you know on a sheet and then we'll send
about
and i'm gonna get a phone number
right
so if it's like five seconds on that okay would be nice just give us a little
bit of time okay because you're just got to digest that hate letter that we
had before you've got to digest all of that critique before we can work on
this other thing
are you told up i was gonna frame it yeah frame this okay
with a phony name nothing like you know these ballsy people out there's nothing
like being anonymous whether it's on the phone or writing a letter with a
phony name that's always my favorite spiny list gutless jellyfish and thanks
for listening to five sixty q a m because we know you're out there every single
god damn minute that they show us on whether i'm doing it
Georgia's doing it the dog is doing it it doesn't make a god damn bit of
difference okay
thanks so much for your loyalty
and get some help
here's a four-letter deal hello
you know how are you okay sir
i just want to let you know that i work for you major sponsors and we
listen to you every day great
uh... i got a quick question for you please whoo whoo whoo whoo whoo whoo whoo
i want to
we just bought a house on why not you bought a house and has a big day satellite
right
uh... my first experience ever dealing with a satellite
why is it when i turn on a lot of things that says description not available
or so for like a g five and all these different things
how do i go about getting all this stuff do you know
uh... you got the best thing the best way to do it is go out to like a book
sterile to uh... you know
any borders or uh... barns and oval
where they have the magazine section
uh... and get one of the satellite magazines for the big dish not to make
sure you get it for the big dish not the small dish
okay like satellite tv week that's the one that i get
it's the big dish better than the little dish
well and i wouldn't say it's better but i mean uh... you know you get a better
picture because it's a first-generation picture
but uh... you get the magazine and then they'll have a listing in their
of all the like superstar connection and all the turner of tv
all the different programmers and i'll give you a listing of all the uh...
different services they got available
and then you you know you can call them and find out how much it is
and what you want what you need movies sports whatever you want to get
okay terrific
okay and i just want to say hi to all the guys at mobile one and we think a great
all right thanks
thank you
five six seven oh five six you know g here's my good friend doctor mark i have
heard from the coupons age can i say that
ill man how are you all right
all right listen about time to uh... we do a series notes not
okay well we've got a ton of eight weeks is it eight weeks
just about now
i know he's got one of your life another two weeks i would say you got it
because i want to get a lot of ice cream last night but anyway
okay anyway
so uh... i'm taking a lot of full of cancer by the way i'm taking that anti-homo
system
preparation formula yeah very good and i feel as homo that did before
really
yeah you got a five to four no
six and a half
oh really anyway
uh... dot your actions and i went down to uh... from two hundred and two thousand
hundred fifty pounds
great yeah i mean i can listen i got no clothes i have to have to go to my
sword space and find all the prior
dot your mark closed from uh... like the seventy eighties i'm going to be
wearing like yellow strike bell bottoms you know i haven't heard another word
from dr. racons and my former friend bob link in red those people
since they sent me a piece in fact it was you were going to be that sunday
and uh... he was in the appearance in a semi-appreciate press release that
dr. julienne widaker was going to be there too
what would it would it would it would it was in town
i could i if you gave me twenty or thirty hours i could tell you what i think
a dr. julienne widaker
because i have subscribed to his newsletter
i read some of the crap that he puts out and i'm embarrassed for dr. bob that
a guy like him
and is connected with a guy like julienne widaker
all i i i was just told uh... by a very very uh...
well rather a sort of a friend
not a medical person but somebody who's been involved
that would have got this fabulous unbelievable program out in uh...
in uh... in uh... california where you spend days but
every time
yeah
yeah
spend something but i think it's got a dollar sign up for a while i'm not i'm not
really uh...
uh... knowledgeable enough to say uh... what it is or isn't what it's worth but
every time i see what it is really really really big programs that takes weeks
to do yeah
not exactly that to university i wonder about the validity of the whole thing
because we talked about science and validity before
i think it's a lot of entrepreneurs out there but you know i am about that
yeah well he's one of
okay well listen anyway uh... you know i mean uh... absolutely it your uh...
mission i look forward to seeing you soon i guess
i think
uh... you'll be amazed at how i'm wearing my clothes these days
how about me be amazed at how i'm wearing mine too
the same as the last time i saw it
okay
okay i'll call you soon
very good bye
doctor mark is a losing weight like crazy on the act in
there you go it works
it works we just a lot of us can't do it
so anyway get back to this good guy by screen
well before you really get serious in the act in to support to go off and uh... go
on a car bowl load in what better way to do that than with ice cream
and i've seen the uh... uh... good time advertise in magazines but i was
the word that they sold it like it your supermarkets and will be hold on my
public last night
and uh... i'm in there to get something else and not from a for johnny wanted
some of those little dove ice cream those little uh... bits that look like
dog
birds those things
and lo and behold i open the thing up and there's good time ice cream i thought
well
one of these can't be all that bad
talk about expensive i don't know cuz i don't check price you know when you
make the bucks that i do you don't check price in the supermarket another
schnor whatever it is it is
but they come to container and i look at it twelve and a half ounces
twelve and a half ounces not a point a point of sixteen ounces right
twelve and a half ounces so it's got to be probably
six seven eight bucks a point
and it's very rich this was like chocolate
pre-learn
trouble something good at
very rich but not not good you know i mean it was okay
you know after he took a couple of scoops out of the thing i did finish the
rest because i don't like looking away from the waste
but uh... so i thought eight ounces that's not that's a half a point is that a
big deal
no
point no
so the people
yes at the freedom from religion foundation are very nice yes they are
already getting called even though we haven't given the number out right
other people of uh...
that's a initiative that that that that you again my pie's on down in the
behind the business name uh...
so here's what the people can call to get their own copy of their own
copy of the book them not us and the very nice
and they have a lot of other material that they have a lot of a bunch of
these and i've a whole bunch of crap on the back of the subscribe to
six o eight
two five six
eighty nine hundred
but that's a long distance call all
all i mean now you know it should be worth it to be worth twenty long
distance calls because it's a pretty little piece
but uh... six o eight two five six eighty nine hundred
and ten the name of the uh... uh... brochures dear believer
great
it's back to them and i wonder if they'll send out like a bunch of you know
they're sending us a bunch of great excellent out of that the uh... freedom
from religion foundation and god bless us and god bless lu from the
Bahamas for sitting at the meeting in the mail thank you lu
that's all you need you don't need a big solid and just hold that up okay
like wolf pain or like a big cross hold that up in front of their face
all these republicans are want to twist your arm and make it up you can't refuse
all we're trying to save you we don't want to be saved okay go say somebody else
like he said godfather three love somebody else
remember that
yeah that was been said that she didn't love somebody else and
what happened to her
what's your her no more with that bad overacting oh my god it's a fear copula
jesus
twenty six after eleven at five sixty wq and that is the biggest pile of
horsecraft i have ever seen in my fricking fracking
and on that Friday car the big mob when you
got a hooker and got that
oh yeah that was like in the middle did you notice that that happened one
other time to last remember
these things yeah what
what's that
oh
friends and actor who comes from the UK
charming and pleasant in a quite friendly way
a sense of humor to make someone chuckle
i thought they cause women's music
but oh you was caught by cop in Hollywood
they say that he was up to no good
fans on that Friday cars the big mob when you
got a hooker and got a blow job
get a hooker and get a blow job
in the back she went down on his knob
cop broke it up they saw her hands pop when you
got a hooker and got a blow job
English don't have sex they drink too much tea
unless you're part of the royal family
but you've read not like that he's no legal snob so it
got a hooker he got a blow job
get a hooker and get a blow job
in the back seat you went down on his knob
cop broke it up they saw her hands pop when you
got a hooker and got a blow job
he got a blow job
yeah you got a blow job
are you are you
are you
are you
are you
are you
are you
are you
sure
sure
he was
sure
sure
really
than i ever pictured in all really
he didn't look anything like he used to them
i mean i there was like a big resemblance i haven't seen a guy like in the
ten years at least
and i'm supposed to recognize him no
and he had a really bad henna
maybe you can get some hair help from our friend bob isonberg down there i want
to give you a
uh... yeah right
uh... bad hair piece
here's plantation hello
holy christum implantation i'm drowning over here
anneal you know i'm gonna do tonight because i'm all jacked up and excited for it
yeah after dinner i'm gonna smoke a joint and i'm gonna watch brine or cross
yeah he's really gonna be going on the already gone crazy he had the reds in the
greens in the uh... yellows was like a rainbow flag he had on the weather last
you know this is this is a tropical wave
yeah
so it has something to do maybe he can you push the more honest
you know and and force the uh...
the red to float the floor over Florida and i know i like how they do that when
they're looking at the map
i want to do that give you the real thing here now
right
but that she
that that piece you wrote that i'm gonna get my right i mean i that you read
i'm gonna get myself a copy it out there and uh...
i had a i had a priest friend for seventeen years and turn out to be a lunatic
and i dated a girl
that
went to liberty jerry full well school
and it for two years and it was really
it enlightening on how not to be
and how hypocritical everything is i mean
to preach against
sex
and then to do things that she did to me
which is that and blatant contradiction and a blatant hypocrite and it just
it it it let enlighten me between those two things that i was raised catholic
and then i'd learn that side of it
and then i know the newspapers and the articles in the more priest in the
molestations and
and the money back in the church right and it's just
and it's just like men you know
what do you people doing
they'd they just don't want to wake up i mean you just got a bunch of people
out there with closed minds that i've been stolen from them and locked away
for a rainy day and now it's a rainy day so i figure one at the bring it out
to them a firm believer in that they pray on the week
they put those kind of people those preachers and stuff
yet they on the week's p.r.e.y. right
i'm serious and and it that that's who's easily the most easily acceptable
that kind of stuff
and that's why flourishes in the south because there's nothing else to do there
okay sir god bless you i love you and you'll get out the yours
i'll head out there okay
here's the fact that this is the pamphlet you read from the freedom from a
religion foundation was one of the greatest moments in the history of your show
absolutely correct
unfortunately most likely to get negative response
and lastly we have an a negative response yet because nobody can respond to
all the facts that are in there how could anybody respond negatively when it's
all laid out very clearly in fact i left it out for time over consideration
every time i mentioned something in here it gives a biblical reference
Leviticus 21 18 to 23 or chapter 21 verses 80 you know so everything that
it lists in here it gives a biblical reference so if anybody doubts that
these are things that are just being made up or said all you got to do is
look it up in the good book okay and it's in there just like an
at the spaghetti sauce it's in there it goes on to say i've already called an
order an entire box full of the dear believer track we need them badly at
f.i.u. it is in and infested with religious ignorant assholes this is the
perfect response to their unbetter than you attitude they can never leave you
alone i love the phrase mental emancipation from the pamphlet that's exactly
what these people need to do free their mind they're essentially brainwashed and
they're dangerous all right says eric thank you eric
what i do with that phone number oh there it is one six away two five six eight
nine hundred dear believer we ought to have 50 million people call for that and
everybody else out there that wants something to throw in the face of all these
them in tolerant assholes they want to tell you how to live your life and
what to think and what to believe screw on five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the 18t wireless line here's for a lot of deal with ten question marks
hello we know the douche bag yeah like i said eighty five thousand question marks
brilliant sir thank you for waiting ten minutes to come up with that okay
brilliant you're a genius you're a rocket scientist and guess what no one did
they kicked your ass out of New York five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the 18t wireless line of all weight here's Kendall hello
hey on the meal yes sir okay seven we're gonna try six oh eight two five six
right eighty nine hundred okay yeah however i do i i have to agree it
to an extent with the spirit of what that gentleman in the that's not the fact
that you read this morning i have to agree with may not agree with the
particulars back to agree in spirit with what he said with what facts the one about
the one complaining about George and I was a letter that's okay let's get our
facts straight okay i'm sorry the letter i'm not again not the figure but in general
Georgia okay George George George is funny George is entertaining no funny comes on
he's definitely on for his crowd whoever they may be as opposed to the old
Rogers audience and it is not entertaining to me
well let me ask you who's it who's it right no I don't know the
particulars i'm not gonna get bogged down in this with you right right no
let me say this to you after George was on the front there there are two things
that i keep in my mind okay and i'm not talking just about George i'm also in
regard that can i say something okay i'm sorry okay three things number one
i listened myself okay in the beginning George needed a lot of work and every
time i hear him he sounds better okay people talk to host aren't born overnight
number two i took a poll on the year a couple of times i've done it when they
rather hear a Georgia the tapes it was no context it was overwhelmingly they'd
rather hear George the tapes are cancer they're deadly and and and number
three what was number three number one was my listening number two with oh
yeah and and it used to be every month in the trends when i would go on
vacation there would be a dip because people tune out they won't listen to
those best updates they've heard it before now since i've been doing the
I would george filling in we don't have those
that's right well again
Georgia's intelligence isn't when he comes over on the radio with you it's
right it's a quick little thing and it's funny or whatever quick little thing
yeah but when he's on my self it's it's freaking ponder
okay ponder and also another thing that gentleman brought there to be about
what is that article in a video for the city of Lincoln did time about the
about the game you're doing now in regards to times yeah okay
he called up and all he said was okay you're the first one to sit there and
bash religion on how come you don't sit there and get on something that is
disgusting as this and say you know i don't have to do with religion and i've
already had it sir you asked the question i'll give you the answer you ask me
what does it have to do with religion yeah nothing with religion i'll talk about
the gay community in itself you always are against sure you want me to answer
the question why do you bring religion religion has nothing to do with it
i think i'm doing irresponsible sex acts like bear backing thank you i've
already talked about months ago this is not a new story somebody a new times
must have only found an old issue with the advocate for months ago this is not
something new it's an old it's disgusting to me it's irresponsible and it's
pathetic but it but as far as a lot of other stuff like s&m you know it's
interesting to me that a lot of straight people like to like they'd like to
create this big web over gay people all were all perverted and were this and
with it and then when you take a look at straight people they're not any less
perverted than gay people are very into just as much s&m if not more so they're
trying to just as much anal sex they're obsessed with anal sex which came
as a shock to me last year so this business of everybody pointing fingers at
each other if people are doing unsafe sex it doesn't take a genius to figure
out it's irresponsible and uh... should be condemned i can them it okay no matter
who they are all right i appreciate that but what does that have to do with religion
no i just i brought the religion thing is because
it just seems that again you you did
it's really regards the okay god bless you okay
i still understand what it has to do with religion other than of course
religion is always condemning homosexuality and everybody else too unless you
doing in the missionary position don't forget the rest of your condemn the
burden held to yes the freedom from religion foundation you have a website you
know you know and the pamphlet is on it all
ww w
dot f fr f
dot org did you say f f
r f dot org
after the f f
f fr f dot org
that's it all came
great twenty to the new that five fifty wq m pop
on the repulsors you more
come and listen to my story about a man named
head a harbored graduate here and voices in his head
oh then one day he was feeling kind of weird
he moved to Montana and threw himself a beard
crazy that is cycled half strange eyes
well the first thing you know it begins to prove
that the kin folks said yes that the
uniformer do said california where the
trouts on the feet so they loaded up the shak
and moved it carefully exhibit a
jury pooled weird smell his lawyer says that
has the crazy if you don't believe it just read his manifest
says he did it because he hate technology
and that's why he mailed all those people saying
male call letter bomb
just in cover
well now it's time to say goodbye to his fans
and he would like to thank his folks and fans
you're all invited back again to send a
call to the
new is on behalf of the
soon to be a movie HBO
Jerry springer y'all to me now you hear
let me forty six at five sixty wqm i'm a
antichristo we got to hang over show it to a
clock who's also Jewish by the way and we got
marlin baseball and the royals a double header
maybe weather permitting at three thirty
okay five look at us see this is the what's
deflating about doing the show in this
market this is this is what and the facts
was right that was one of the great defining
moments in the history of my life reading
that thing on your it is so are well articulated
it's so perfect and we got two calls on the board here
they got nothing to say and like i've said before about this time
it doesn't matter what it is you picked a topic it makes no
difference unless you're given away freebies
unless you take a pool they got nothing to say about anything
unless of course it's your just crowd
whatever the hell that man yeah you're you're crowd
it's just amazing that the tortured uh... conclusions that these people
come up with from what i don't know
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eight
and two wireless life
here's davie hello
any of the going okay sir
have spoken to you since about eighty three
uh...
that's only sixteen years that's not bad
i don't want to be a chronic
anyway uh... you said something at the beginning of which i'm
excuse me beginning of the show about follow
yeah number one how why is he reading the advocates and number two i
didn't think that all these christians would be drinking and i was bush anyway
oh yeah
so why do you have a drink especially whether those conventions and big
this and gambler brings out and get all those hookers in the room
well i i was thinking that before he probably has a staff
of people who are scouring every magazine
every publication the fine things just like this so that they can uh... contribute
to his uh... agenda of hate
i'd be a more cash
yeah right
and also thanks for the web address that they try calling that phone number but
continue busy how do you like that
good job okay thanks
yes either call up there did not call me that's okay
you can call me anytime
call up there and get some of these uh... leaflets and then next time here that
that knock on the door you know from those jojoba's witnesses read these other
good religious people are one like uh... you know impose their uh... stupidity on
you just hand them on these say have a nice day and get lost okay
crazy people yet like we're going to try to i love to run out but you'll see
on street corners up there just like you do in the york and in the other
major city there these weird strange people and they're handing out these
pamphlets on street corners
and you look at them and you say just stay away from me okay stay far away from
me
here's north lottery hello
any of what happened uh... yes sir
uh... i just wanted to uh... say thanks i picked up that book farewell to god
right that borders last Friday
and i finished it before the weekend without
and all those jesus breaks that spend every day reading their bible need to pick
this book up and get a clue now i see what they ought to do is read the bible
and then you know because if they really read it they'd say what a bunch of
craft this is but they don't really read it they pretend they read it and they
can selectively give you chapter in verse because that's been you know stuck
in their brain
from the inception selective piety man that's right
but uh... that's about it meal god bless you have a good day and may the Lord keep
preserved five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eight t and t
wireless line what are the defining moments of our lives here today for
the cares but that's the uh... soft low to fn way
and then this guy before they want to draw some parallel between my knocking
religion and as a bunch of irresponsible people and let me say the same thing i
told George during the commercial break i've been a lot of places i may not
have been to china and the for east but i've been all around the rest of the
world pretty much
a lot of different places seeing a lot of things
and in my experiences i haven't discovered that homosexual people
heterosexual people bisexual people are any different they're all horny they're
all screwing around and they're all doing a lot of the same things and then some
but it's a hell of a lot easier for some self-hating queens over there at new
times magazine to put something on a front pages like that so that they can
stir up you know the old stereotypes and the old paranoia oh my god look at
those perverts and thank god that all heterosexual people are using
protection when they have sex thank god for that
here's hollywood hello okay great here's a mobile in Miami hello
hey i'm glenia how's it going okay sir i know i'm using protection
what is very few the very few times i do it i'm using protection uh-huh
this and i called that number for that pamphlet yeah and it follows on the
phone for more than 45 seconds it was a lot because they know it's not a toll
free call they get you on to get your information to get your address
and then they're on to the next call so all these people worrying about oh my
phone but it's a long distance call don't worry about it because if the call
lasts 45 seconds it's a lot that's 40 cents they ever spent you got it buddy listen
i was born and raised in religion i heard that i heard you read that pamphlet over
the air yeah i jumped on my cell phone and uh and i thought that number and i
i said please send it to me next day air but they said no we'll send it regular
so i said that'll be soon enough yeah have a stay in the end you'll get saved soon enough okay god bless you
sir five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless ones gonna be like the people
with the evercrombie and fitch catalogs same thing see they all get calls when i
wear talk about somebody else they get the calls i don't get any calls because these people
don't want to talk to me because they're basically a bunch of pussy's anyway
and like the guy that calls you why don't we just call it the anti-Christian show
see this is what really cracks me up i'm not the uh or if i ever had an orthodox you call
the show and complain about it ever no not that i can think of ever
as ludicrous and ridiculous as they are in their behavior it as much as i knock and ripen to ever
do you hope is witness no no um warmans no
maybe couple of other magic underwears yeah well they you know
think it nervous about where the holes are to magic under where they heard they have
monstrate how do you tell if you have mon uh forward or backward good question
but there's something about this christianity thing you know i can knock every religion in the
world which i do they're all full of crap some are more malignant than others but it's always the
same crap oh it's the anti-Christian show maybe that's because christianity seems to be the most
intolerant of the western religions maybe that just might be it five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty as was well documented in that piece by the way pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless
line here's a mobile and coral springs hello hi nale yes sir uh long time listener uh was brought up
Catholic and went to Catholic school and all and you opened my eyes like five years ago and i can't
tell you how much i appreciate that oh my god um i didn't get to hear the thing you read i was
out of the car time and maybe somebody else missed it too i may have to read it again how do you
like that i would be so happy i would couldn't couldn't stand you'd pee in your pants one request okay
no one rips you better okay you got it thanks now and have a great day yeah maybe i'll read it again
in the one o'clock hour how do you like that show i read it again why not George says thumbs up he'll
get his phone his crowd on the phone yeah call up your crowd on the phone that shouldn't take long
George's crowd oh now don't you see you don't understand what he means by that do you
i'm apparently not talking about specs oh but he's talking more specs than you were talking about
that's what he's talking about i'm sure because most of what he said didn't make any sense anyway they
hate me way more than they do you well you're not uh spicken off i know well too bad with the wife
keeps on me five six seven they're not spicken spanned enough five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the 18t wireless lines we continue the search for intelligent life in south Florida
now i take that back we continue the search for life forget about intelligent i would just settle
for life in south Florida as opposed to the usual smell of death and when it rains like this you
know we get those big big lakes those man those man-made lakes for god made whatever the hell they are
and you can smell the festering death in the year especially near the condos you know like in
sunrise and tamarack and law to hill well that's something else in law to hill here's a mobile and
sunrise hello yes sir yes uh i listen to your show from time to time i agree with some of the things
you say and i disagree with some of the things you say but uh as a christian obviously i can't
agree with the things that you've been saying over the past few moments and i maybe became a
christian on august 9 1989 is the greatest thing ever happened to me oh and uh and everybody can't
become a christian everybody you know it's hard for them to make decision to do that or to
use lifelong decisions to hard what does that make you better than us not at all we're all the same
so what does that mean then not everybody can do it let me let me how about if we put it this way
not everybody is interested in doing it exactly oh yeah yeah absolutely right uh huh but Christianity
is a real thing the bible is very true uh huh and uh i mean it's hard to tell how how about all
the things that i just read did you hear me read that damn picture i heard all that and i heard that
can you refute any of us uh as far as like when a leisio was being uh locked by the children and
gods and uh and the buried the children i mean that's that's that's a good that would god's decision
that was an example you know we really can't do an example of what satism not an example of
of how we should how children or how everybody should respect god's prophets so in other words
like children who are disobedient shall be stoned to death as well that was oh testament this is
the new testament to Jesus came but but sir sir sir that was handed by god to Moses god told him
that children who are disobedient shall be stoned to that we're supposed to know that
well that's not new testament sir you're not answering not responding to me to the god that you
believe in the god of the Jews and the Christians he said that what kind of a god is that well i
mean i still love my god because i know that if i you're not responding to me sir i'm going to
give you one opportunity you believe that god said that that children who are disobedient
should be stoned to death i can he'll test the dish yet okay thank you
you believe in that and i'll believe in the tooth theory okay or any other theory i choose
woo heavy duty time to puff on a good cigar right now from there that's right when you're
stressed out like after a call like that sit back and take one of those great pyrodoma reserves
and just put that in your post light it up and just put your feet up on the desk and thank the
lord that you don't believe that kind of crap okay that your children are being stoned to death
and you won't get stoned from one of these great cigars either well you never know who knows
what those nicolaguan they're sticking in there and any
people
kids are going crazy over the mighty morphing power rangers movie starring the hip-young warriors
who use their incredible morphing skills to fight for justice but if you think it's too violent
for your kids now there's an alternative a new movie about power rangers who use peaceful means
to solve their problems how proud by the losing of the toxic chemicals in the river don't worry
little boy he'll pay for this evil deed who are you i'm a power ranger wow are you going to use
your incredible morphing powers to stop them no violent acts are against my religion what religion
i'm a member of the church of latter-day saints why don't you or a mighty morphing power ranger
no i'm a mighty Mormon power ranger but you said he paid for his evil deeds and so he will
aha on judgment day you mean you're not gonna do anything well i'm going to do something
oh girl what i'm going to salt lake city and take another wife 20th century fox presents a
mighty Mormon power rangers there's not much they can do about i've a news with they do know
donny osman personally a mighty Mormon power rangers coming soon do with it in here and you don't
forget to magic underwear oh bubble one at five sixty w two and by the way to respond doesn't
that last which was so ridiculous that it doesn't deserve a response the nevertheless to go back
to the exact quote in this dear believer pamphlet it said Jesus is a chip off the old block he said
i and my father are one in the upheld every jot in tittle of old testament law
now it's become very convenient for people who are too embarrassed by these ridiculous things
in the old testament so they made up this business about oh but now we're under grace and now
that stuff is out the window okay because now we're under grace and so on and now we got the new
deal if we believe in Jesus we don't have to put up with that crack but even even setting that
aside what kind of a god could you believe in that would say children should be stoned death and
of course back in biblical days when they wrote these fairy tales that was the former capital punishment
these just don't people to death so if your kids are disobedient if they mouth off you know you
don't give them a spanking you're stoning them to death all right that's the kind of god we want
to believe in maybe that's why there's so many you know kids doing drugs today because they read
the bible it says kids that are bad should be stoned five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
on the end fact yeah what's the big deal about marijuana laws right doesn't the bible say the
kids should be stoned so leave the hell alone okay here's a model in Cooper City hello hey how you
know okay sir first off I want to say you know there's magic pants how do they go to the bathroom again
you know if they've only had that they don't have like they're holy pants they have special holes
in just the right spot like worry hole but you better have good aim these are like
you know oh my god I sure hope the Mormons never get diarrhea
oh wow that's right or maybe you know maybe that guy that's complaining the other day about the
farhing sounds yeah I wonder if he maybe he's one of the Mormons and he's one of those pants
and that's why he doesn't like those farthounds could be you know what you have to you know I
gotta tell you remember you were talking about how the ratings are down everything like that and
what the reasoning wasn't everything like that yeah and how we kind of said it was maybe the
Humper's showing everything almost based on the whole down 15 and what did you and we're on
the same time that first little segment or whatever like that that's why I think you always
ask you if you're still there because I kind of boost up the show and everything but he knows
fool he knows that the dog is a summer and if he can kill a segment that way it's an easy way
to kill 15 minutes he's no fool and have a great day I guess that was it although you noticed
that Hank had also forgotten it was foolish pleasant but nevertheless you know we are don't all
have a steel traps for minds like I do 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile and when I was talking
to BFO about that yesterday and sitting there in Sam's office on his fat I'm sorry about that
Mrs. D. Foe his mother is very she listens 28 hours a day and for him just trying to save your
son's life okay Mrs. D. B. Foe he just beef him up like like an Angus cow and we're trying to do
something to get him to lose a few ounces this week please 5 6 7 0 5 6 8 pound 5 60 on a mobile
one line as the search continues here's Hollywood hello maybe you're ready to end it down because you
were okay huh here's Bokeh hello nail yes sir what's the most the most popular group in the world
who who would have it to serve more than any other kind of group who what what kind of what what
is the most like the people in the world who are like the most popular assholes what's that
does I don't know Chinese people Japanese people Asians you talking to me you're seeing in the
Bible Jersey one food no thank you man no of course not they got the wrong one today's this
no way back then of course not I'm just kind of one not a not a not a not a not a not a not
pissing me off okay not to the knowledge of the affirmative people I wrote that crap because all
you know it was like this little you know that's it that's all they knew from 5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 on a mobile one line but don't pee on this other guy's parade you know August 8th 1989
he became a Christian that was the greatest day in his life fine great okay go we'll pack your
sandwich just leave us alone here's a mobile in sunrise hello hello nail yes sir good morning
I need to get off the moon the last time I spoke to you was about three years ago but the reason I'm
calling I want to ask you or the Christians or they have few questions if they can answer maybe
you can answer for me the first question the first question is they say they believe in one god
and they believe in the Jewish 10 commandments they don't believe in the North High Lord okay the
Jewish 10 commandments they don't even keep kosher the glam how do you like that exactly but my
question to them is if they believe in having one god how do how come this big god into three
father son under holy gold yeah the three the three god don't leave out the virgin Mary she's big
this week oh yeah that is true I don't know how do you and Congress and also the seven the seven the
machine the Messiah yeah it's going to he came but he did not fulfill what he supposed to do
so he's going to come again he's going to come again yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah but I like the answer me how come
they have not obey those commandments those the the um having a only one god how come this big
into three and um and have a nice day okay thank you five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on a mobile one line here's a call from you of them hello hello Neil yes sir how are we on great
I just wanted to say the shock yeah there you go there you go listen to that all the work that he put
that was terrific fantastic gladiator learning the good stuff there you have
I'll tell you nice going sir and don't be taking Jeff poppah which is named in vain next time you
call his show you asshole five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line that's
that's our you of m crowd right there and he's sitting there all his boyfriends are gathered around
all your that and they're squeezing it they are he's not he can't find it okay
I'm
a little I'm full of gay romance where gay sandals and they wear tight pants here on drens top
to bottom every day less with a miracle of being gay oh very best of
me join the big space to just a field queen you choice of the fact of America
15 at five sixty wqm on a great Tuesday we're cleansing our souls baby that's why we had this big
rain that's right that's why the big rains came because nature is pissed off not god the rain no
god nature is pissed off and fired up that's right and once the flush all of this crap from your brain
that's why we just have to get this I think it's an act of nature then I got this thing from our
good friend the Lou in the Bahamas you know you know what I'm talking about I bet you do
and then we got all these people turned out of the freedom from religion foundation which I think
most rational people would like to be left to hell alone okay what's wrong with being a left to
hell alone all these goody tussues that want to grab you by the hand and drag you across the street
kicking and screaming even though you don't want to cross the goddamn street here's Miami hello
hello new yes sir hey good afternoon how are you a long time listener I was listening to you this
morning and I decided to call in and well the most entertaining part of today was I guess basically
the letter the letter you read that that was criticizing George because I mean I listened to your
soul and I mean I think I their religion issues you know I don't think it's worth talking about
I think everyone should just respect each other's but yeah but they don't yeah I mean I
respect you I think you're a great entertainer I mean you're the greatest thing to this here in Miami
but I can't people here that don't tolerate people's ideas and believe and I think that's
one of the important things we should do here in Miami you know just you're not part of George's
crowd are you know I want to do it just crowd I'm a big fan of yours believe or not I believe
anything since I was like maybe in high school because I don't want to have his crowd star call it
I'm not going to show what I'm doing I mean you're not entertaining you know I think you should
change the topic no I'm not going to change the topic sir all right well thank you
for everything God bless you yeah huh nice try not entertaining I got news for you sir it's
real entertaining that's right it's real real entertaining and those of you idiots out there that
think that you're going to tell me what I'm going to talk about guess what when you get your show
you talk about whatever kind of crap you want to talk about he thought the most entertaining part
of the show was that stupid letter about George we hit the goddamn jackpot today boys and girls
with his pamphlet here and this guy he's just like the guy from U.M the kids that are sitting around
playing grandmas with each other and U of M who could never come up with any kind of an idea
and have a conversation with us even like about anything or making pussy sounds over there U of M
only praying that they could find one you know what I'm saying pathetic pathetic sir
you got a whole long line of people like this guy who want to tell me what I should talk about
and what I shouldn't talk about even my blonde friend from the hockey game from Key West who was a
fine young man and I think about him all the time like just two minutes ago but you know something
he said exactly the same thing as this guy it's not entertaining but if you know what tough crap
I'm still going to talk about it it's the near rod your show not some yet a collar show to tell me
what I should be talking about I couldn't disagree with the morsel I think it is unbelievably
entertaining I think it's phenomenally challenging I think it's amazing the idea that's right
I'm squeezing my nipples now I'm getting so much sexual excitement from the fact that I know
that these people out there in radio land all these good religions are going EEEE because they
can't respond they can't get me an intelligent response just like that guy who is doing his 85
steps around the mirror go around when I ask him a very simple question about stoning disobedient
but it has to say thank you very much my good religious friend and God bless you and blow it
out your ass and goodbye so don't give me a song and an answer about what I should be talking about
thank God for me that I'm talking about this and having for the last 23 years it won't be
intimidated by the Catholic Church or a bunch of fanatical born-again nutcases okay
or buy all these other good issues where their faxes oh yeah that was the most ridiculous thing
that analogy you made about the rose and a human life.
That was right on target, baby.
Right on target.
And if you don't believe me, just drive the sunrise
and take a look at the wrinkles, OK?
You maniac.
Talk about being in denial.
Here's a mobile in the Miami.
Hello.
Good afternoon, sir.
Yes, sir.
We're going to talk this.
We're going to talk about the other.
A little tidbit of information for you.
You may know this, you may not.
Do you know what religious base the FBI draws most of the candidates?
Most of their what?
Most of their candidates.
Oh, no.
I have no idea.
The Mormons.
All right.
Yeah.
Well, say the government saved those taxpayers' money
then they don't have to buy them under.
Yeah, I can't because they're just so squeaky, squeaky clean
and have so many wives.
Is that it?
Anyway, I just like to say.
I'm going to go out and find a default of the Earth Lake.
You are the greatest.
You speak your mind on the radio, which, if there
are recipes, assholes on the radio,
would do the world.
Yes, I am.
We love you, Neil.
God bless you, sir.
Bye.
And say hi to Gay Edgar Hoover two while you're at it,
by the way.
Baggett and a Clyde Tulson.
Oh, they had to be married side by side.
See, people don't want to talk about that.
No, they want to talk about some stupid thing.
They read on a newsstand somewhere new times about guys
sticking their fist up each other.
Correct, though.
And get all whipped up about that.
Like that's a commonplace, OK?
Just because the gay gourmet used to cook with a lot of
crystal, OK?
What about Florence Henderson with all that Western oil, huh?
And was it Robert Reed on that show?
Yeah, we know about him.
He ain't feeling too good anymore.
Robert Reed.
I wonder if he used to hang around with that Brady bunch.
Here's a mobile in Pembert Pine.
Hello?
Yeah, this is Matt.
A lot less than to you, Neil.
I totally agree with your religious views.
I think you're 100% owned.
But I only wonder, the only thing worries me is what
you're given humanity a lot of credit.
What if they did know the real truth?
How do you think people would behave?
I mean, I think it's really...
Sir, I'm going to tell you if people could behave any
more intonemently, any more barbarically, and any more
grotesque fashion than they already are, I'd be shocked.
So in other words, if the excuse for perpetuating
the religious myths is that it keeps people in line,
I hate to break the news to you, but it's just a good excuse
for hatred and violence.
And John, you got to do is look at Yugoslavia and India
and Pakistan and Northern Ireland and the Middle East.
And every other corner of the world where people are killing
each other because they won't believe the same for retails.
That's...
No, that makes a lot of sense.
I just wondered, you know, totally you're 100% owned,
but when you try to talk to this or give this information
to someone, they just become immediately intolerant,
they become immediately upset, and you can't really
discuss this.
So it's like...
Well, that's why we need to get a bunch of these pamphlets.
You just hand them one and say, have a nice day,
and you know, that's it.
And have a great day.
Have a nice day.
Like I said, 5.670560,
pound 560 on the mobile one line.
And I lose my voice.
Gee, it sounds like another two or three days on.
Well, God's punishing you for saying all these two things.
This will be the children.
She'll surely be...
And it doesn't even say it says,
she'll surely be stoned to death.
And the mother of an air, of course,
don't get mentioned because she's the woman she says,
don't call me Shirley.
So what she said, here's Miramar.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Listen, one thing is this guy who called us a couple of
colleagues, and said, well, we got to respect everybody
else's beliefs.
I can't respect somebody who's belief is...
Based on a book that says,
stoned as a being of your children,
I mean, I just can't give those people respect.
And the other way,
God would have you a burn in eternal hell
if you didn't believe a bunch of ridiculous fairy tales.
You're going to burn in eternal hell.
That sounds just like the kind of God I want to put my life
in his hands.
I want to...
You know, these people would read the entry of the night
in a bit and read about guys like Thomas Paine,
Benjamin Franklin.
Oh, now you're talking about...
I'm going to say...
Like a stuffed observer.
Okay, well, one thing that I have to say about you about
all these guys who are criticizing you,
have them read the first amendment.
Yeah, that'd be a good thing.
They don't know where to find it.
No, they've had, I want to amend all either.
This guy, the other guy called up and said,
well, I was back in the ancient times.
Let me tell you what happened in a really in the paper,
last week, in Pakistan,
an 18-year-old girl was found to be made pregnant
out of woodlock,
and took some herbs that created a miscarriage.
Oh, I could have a miscarriage.
Right.
Her punishment was to be buried in the earth
up to her waist,
Oh, I've eaten 101 times with the bamboo stick she died.
Oh, right.
Right, what a shock.
Okay.
That was last week.
Right.
And if we didn't have these guys like Thomas Paine,
George Washington, Thomas Joseph,
make it laws to protect the people who lived here,
back then, they'd be stoning the kids today right here.
Absolutely correct.
Okay, so keep up the good work.
And God bless you.
Bye now.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
See, it's easy to come on here
and tell people the things that they want to hear,
but when you come on here and you say things
that rattled their cage a little bit,
oh, gee, you got to stop doing that.
We're upset about it.
We're pissed off, too bad.
Too bad, you want to know why?
Oh, no, what a, oh, geez.
It came up under a piece of,
on the thing there.
How do you like that?
How do you like that?
What I wanted to say was,
pissed off gets me fired up when I hear someone say that.
There you go.
Yeah, let's talk some ball scores, okay?
Let's get some ball scores on there again,
or give some more misinformation about some sports stuff.
That's really interesting.
Not, but your crap, but your kaka,
much of illiterate goons.
That's with a G.
Here's Fort Lauderdale, hello.
Yeah, the religious people are creating here,
but look who's talking, guy who takes a fist in here.
Yeah, huh, yeah, fist is, okay?
My dark, complex friend, fist is,
one track pony, okay?
Maybe it's stuck and he can't get it out.
Maybe that's the problem.
Yeah, just like that Sally Fitt situation,
we had over there a channel seven of few years ago.
Every now and then it happened.
A stuck and kept get off.
That's it.
5.6705.60, pound 5.60 on the mobile one line.
Here's Miami, hello.
Hello. Yes, sir.
Ah, good.
Some years ago, do you remember a man
by the name of Joseph Lewis?
No.
Well, what it was that he was president
of the free thinkers of America,
yeah, station of New York,
and they put the cross on the courthouse here
back in the 60s,
and we were instrumental in getting the don't thing off.
We moved, you know, one thing or the other.
Excellent, but this is something that I don't
might be interesting.
Tell them that I show the cross to Dracula
and other than that, keep it out of our face.
That's right.
There's a book that I have that was written
in 1875 by Sir Graves,
and it's called The World's 16 Crucified Saviors.
And they have almost the identical dream.
Oh, yeah, the same story.
The Christianity is going from religion
long before there was ever any genes.
Right.
In fact, one of the...
The birth of the...
The birth of the reincarnation.
All that, yeah, right.
All the stuff was in other primitive religions
and they were just stolen.
They just picked and chose whatever to make a new religion.
Well, the one that was interesting,
what he mentioned in the book,
in the British Museum in London.
They had a statue of Krishna,
which predated Jesus 1,200 years.
And it shows in the Crucified position
with holes in the arms,
and their hands and the feet and so forth.
Anyway, there's...
I think most of the people believe in us
have a hole in their head.
I think that's where the hole is.
Absolutely, but here's another one that says,
your listeners would want to get that's excellent.
2,000 years of disbelief by James McNaught,
and he mentions every great person
that you can think of,
anyone who is a thinker, let me put it that way.
And it's beautiful.
Now, could I be returned to George
so I can get the address of that...
You're about to hang on.
Thanks.
Line four.
Okay, 1225 here at 560 WQ,
we're revolutionizing the universe today.
Are we revolutionizing it?
No.
But nevertheless, we got this thing in the mail.
You know, and people said,
would you keep bringing this stuff up?
I didn't, you know,
it was an active allue in the Bahamas there.
Or wherever he is.
Is it in the Bahamas?
Where's his card?
Yeah, he's in the Freeport Grand Bahama Island,
my good friend Lou.
Who sent me this little pamphlet yesterday.
It came in the mail.
I read it at home last night.
I thought, God, this is great.
I'm going to read it on the ear tomorrow.
And I did.
It's not like I got some kind of agenda
or some kind of a plot here.
It's just that when something good comes along,
you will go on ear and you'll spew it.
That's all.
When it doubt you spew it out.
I suppose to sit around it just being another nerd
that repeats like a parrot,
the same crap that everybody else is saying.
Just like on CDS TV News last night,
Dan Rather sits there,
oh, and a Pope did this and they report this like,
this is news.
This is news that a man in the dress
said about the stupid crap.
Oh my God.
Yeah, the Pope is over there telling the bad polo jokes.
Nice going, John.
Man, got an address with a bad beanie on.
They could even get the beanie right.
They stole that from the Jews too.
Could even get that right for Christ's sake.
Oh, sorry.
1226 at 560 WQM if you want to start on this theme
and I'm going to wrap it all year long.
Oh, Jake off the way.
It's for the ringing swammer.
I'm so white and Jewish friends.
Boy, now we hear him say he's taking us up
and to my army way he thinks he'll blend in.
No.
Go back.
Go back.
Yeah.
Go back to hell when you move me low.
Go back.
Go back.
Go back to hell when you move me low.
Go back, go, Jake.
We need going to a next roll on.
Super doctor radio.
Jack, come up the egg.
I'm firing a gas.
Oh, who would you say to me?
You white, motherfucker.
I hear your words.
I'm the savage you white ass.
But me the first time I got away with it.
Oh, who would you be?
Go back.
Go back.
Go back.
Go back.
Go back.
Go back.
Go back.
Go back.
Go back.
Go back.
Go back.
Go back.
Go back.
I'm not the savage everybody, but welcome to me.
That neighborhood.
All right.
1232 at 560 WDF.
The guy that called before, a few calls back, which we've had so many,
and was asking about what the world would be like today without all this religious bull crap,
and the threat of hell, etc.
hanging over everybody's head.
Well, you see when you look at some of these religions, not today many in particular,
because we've got some very uptight, very psychotic people out there.
When they tell you that good works alone won't get you to the kingdom of heaven,
but that you got to believe in all this other fairy tales.
There's no incentive to be a good person.
There's no motivation for anybody to do anything good, or to be kind to each other,
or to be considerate, or not to do all this other crap.
They're not because as long as I'm your deathbed, you say, oh, yeah, I believe, yeah.
Okay, you're going to heaven.
What kind of religion is that?
A profitable one.
Exactly.
But as far as motivation to do any good, no, it's not there.
Just keep spotting that you believe in this crap, and just like Jim and Tammy Faye,
you know, just keep ripping everybody up.
And even if you do get caught and spent a few years in jail,
as long as you believe all the right crap, you're going straight to heaven.
All right.
Sick, sick, and twisted, and idiotic.
5667-0560-050560 on the A-A mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Davy.
Hello.
Hey, Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes, West Davy Trail Apart Crash calling in.
All right.
And as ignorant as I am, I just can't believe the hokeyness of thinking that there's like some being the lives of the sky
that can keep an eye on our thoughts and everything that we're doing up everyone,
everywhere at every minute of the day.
And Chris Antley said Saturday, if God would have wanted Keras Maddick to win the Belmont,
he would have won the race.
I mean, that's just so hokey to me.
It's like, my God, I mean, even with a sick grade education,
should be able to figure that out.
Right, juvenile.
I just wanted to ask, are shameless, reclest if I could.
Yes, sir.
Could you play the Jeff Gordon song when you get a chance?
We'll do.
You rule, Neil.
All right.
All right, bye.
Jeff Gordon, haven't played that in a while.
That's good.
We don't get Joe Castello all of a sudden.
Now that that Saturday morning, show us, take it off.
5667-0560-050560 on the mobile one line.
Here, we're pounding on it.
Baby, we're whacking.
We're reading.
We're working at it.
To try to knock some sense into the brains out there.
The nimble minds.
Some of the questions, whatever few we have left.
Especially in this town, man.
Oh.
Yeah.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Oh, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
Great.
Great.
I have three things I'd like to say.
First of all, I've seen it in kind of late today.
I would love it if you could repeat that, Pamlet.
Yeah, I'll do it right after one o'clock.
Okay.
I want to go on hold with George.
I can get Pamlet sent to me.
And it's a clear thing.
Third thing.
Can I make a chance, your question?
Yes, sir.
I was late in getting a few on a phone.
Can I please wish you a high birthday?
Go right ahead, sir.
How do you birthday, Sharon?
Let me do a little thing here.
Probably wouldn't be the first little thing she said.
Oh, yeah.
Okay, hang on, pal.
Thank you.
Okay, take care of our friend there.
Take care of him.
By the way, thanks to the person out there.
Not all the stuff that comes in the facts machine is Grant.
Somebody was kind enough to facts me this article from the New Yorker
about the Miami Herald, that's a guy called in the beginning of the show about,
the Harold Cuban Revolution, how the Miami newspaper got caught between the pressure
for more profit and the city's Hispanic community by Mimi Swartz.
Thank you, profusely.
It's a very long article which I'll read at my leisure.
Thank you.
Okay, where we going?
Here's a mobile implantation.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I've been associated with the church for about maybe close to 40 years now.
And it's obvious to me that like what you say or what you do, it's obvious.
Like like the hand of the dark side is upon you.
Oh, the hand of the dark side force.
I mean like OJ's hand, he had kind of a dark hand.
No, but it's very obvious.
It's very obvious.
Yeah, this guy must have seen Star Wars too much.
No, it's anything obvious.
Anybody that believes can see that.
Can see why.
It's just, it can't, what now?
Yeah, listening to you, they can understand that you're being like you're a puppet of the devil.
By what?
Why?
Because I don't agree with you?
Well, I'm not asking you to agree with me.
It's just that it's going to, where you going to be?
Where you going to be?
Where am I going to be when?
Well, you're out here.
Are we having a conversation, sir?
I'm having a conversation.
I'm going to explain something to you.
I ask you a question.
There's no response.
Where am I going to be when?
When I die, I'll be in a box like everybody else in the ground.
You, you'll be, no, you won't be in a box.
You'll be in hell.
I'll be burning in hell.
Here's another box.
There's only one thing I can do.
Sir, I only wish I'd give my left arm and half of the right if I could be as wonderful
a good decent person as you are that will condense somebody to burn an eternal hell
because they don't only listen to you.
What did I do to you?
Did you just hear what I said?
No, I heard what you said.
God is with me all the time.
Yeah.
And then he's with me now.
Like on your shoulder, like a parrot?
Well, he helped jump stuff in my car this morning.
Uh-huh.
Oh, okay.
Well, glad he's doing important stuff.
Good.
No wonder he's not helping the south of the world in Yugoslavia.
He's helping you jumpstart your car.
Good.
See, I think the hand of the dark side probably was on your car's battery trying to give you a message
to mind you own God damn business and stop being so intolerant and tell other people
that they're going to burn in hell.
Only real, real, real sick people tell people that they're going to burn in hell
because they don't believe the same fairy tales that you do.
The whole concept of your soul burning in hell eternally
because you don't believe some crap is so sick and so twisted
that I hope your car battery dies.
Okay?
I don't hope you die because I don't wish anybody any ill
but I hope your car battery dies and I hope it's here as they rip you off.
And they will.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, SS 60 on the mobile one line.
Rhymes with 60.
New God.
10 minutes.
He's going to use the London boy.
He's going to use the London boy.
He's going to use the London boy.
He's going to use the London boy.
He's going to use the London boy.
He's going to use the London boy.
He's going to use the London boy.
He's going to use the London boy.
He's going to use the London boy.
He's going to use the London boy.
He's going to use the London boy.
He's going to use the London boy.
Now he race.
So I can press this button.
And I can press this button.
So I can press this button.
And I can press this button.
I can use the London boy.
What a great experience.
What a great experience.
He's got a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of
a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a
little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little
in   No querade quebl cools would be these kinds of things for no system of no system of no system of no system that is all tamir chants for you because that is all.
Nice business if you can get it.
Here's a Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi, Neil.
Nice from Fort Lauderdale.
Yes, man.
I have no idea what you guys have been talking about, but today's my birthday.
Yes, sir.
That's nice of you.
But I always raise the Catholic.
The way I look at it, you can believe what you want it.
And I'm going to believe what I want it.
And Neil, I'm not going to force it down your throat, whatever.
Yeah, that's what they said during the acquisition, too, but...
Right, I mean, I shouldn't force it down your throat.
I'm minister ridiculous, you know.
But what I add to requests, I don't want to be greedy, but a mad dog intensive.
But I think the show seems to be going a little violent.
And I think you need to end the show with always look on the bright side of life.
I think that's a great song.
Okay.
And George actually told me where to buy that, but maybe you could do that for my birthday.
And second of all, maybe anything with the mad dog.
Maybe just blow the whole heart out with mad dog.
Okay, I have a great day, sir.
I think that's the mad dog out of full right now saying,
I want to bang you in the butt, honey.
Or something like that.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's plantation. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
How are you, sir?
Great.
The guy who said you had the black gloves.
Yes.
Okay, I think he's going to really think I do.
Because I just want to run this by you real quick.
The only black hand I remember was Don Fenucci and the Godfather, too, remember that?
Yeah.
Yeah.
The guy who couldn't change the light bulb.
Okay.
Yes.
When Don Corleone was waiting for him upstairs.
I don't understand.
Yes.
Robert the narrow.
But anyway.
I want to run this by you.
Okay.
Go ahead.
Everybody who says there's no facts in the church.
Yes.
Okay.
I want to run this by it.
Jesus hang around.
Who?
All men.
Yes.
Yeah.
And a woman who is a prostitute.
Right.
Possibly a fat hag.
Mm-hmm.
Okay.
She would have been a...
It might have been the first, the 400-Liz Taylor.
Very possible.
Right.
But he's nothing about women.
You wonder about all these priests that you know are touching little boys?
Yeah.
If it goes back to the predecessor.
Okay.
Yes.
Who's not to say that he was not a fat hag?
Who knows?
He wore those funky sandals.
Sandals?
You know, almost a dress.
Yeah.
That nice.
Yeah.
Okay.
One who was put on the front of it.
I thought he had underneath that.
Right.
But I just...
You know what I'm saying?
I wouldn't be surprised if he wore in Tommy Hill figures back then.
Well, you know.
That's a dead giveaway.
But you understand what I'm saying?
No.
You don't really?
No.
Have a great day.
56670560.
Pound 560 on a mobile one line.
Anybody understand what he's...
No.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
I knew.
Yes, sir.
I think you may understand, um, God.
I understand.
Yes.
Yes.
I'm just understanding.
Because the adeem is a perfect God and the God and the man who are imperfect.
And just as you in your imperfection, God is patient with you.
Who's so under perfect?
Who's so under perfect?
Who's so under perfect?
You are imperfect.
Says who?
You're...
I mean, God says me.
No, I'm perfect.
I'm perfect.
Oh, you're perfectly bald.
Okay.
You're perfectly bald.
Let me say...
You're perfectly gay.
You're talking of hell, you're talking of hell.
Perfectly Jewish, but not kosher today.
I don't have any meatballs and cheese.
Go ahead.
You're talking of heaven, you're talking of hell.
Yeah, no, I don't have that.
Only the religious people talk about the people.
You're a real place call hell and you're a real place call heaven.
Mm-hmm.
And for you to get to heaven, you have to believe...
No, no, man.
I'll pass.
You're...
I'll pass.
Well, you're going to burn in hell and...
Okay.
Well, thank you very much for your kind words.
Thank you, sir.
You're going to burn in hell.
You're not seriously.
Just stop and think about what sick, twisted, prophetic,
sadistic assholes were dealing with just like this guy here.
Well, you're going to burn in hell.
You don't believe that.
Well, then you're...
It's very just as simple as that.
You can be the best guy to end person on the face of the earth.
You don't believe it.
You're going to burn in hell.
The concept is so sick, so unacceptable that anybody with an IQ larger than their toenail
that it's disgusting.
It's nauseating.
And this guy who obviously is older than the age of one,
he's spouting it on the renaler.
I can't...
I wonder what banana boat this guy got off of, huh?
Jamaica.
Oh, Jamaica.
Oh, well, he probably smoked too much of the bad weed.
You better come up in our neighborhood.
We got the good stuff up here, Mon.
You're smoking the bad stuff.
It'll affect your brain every time.
Whatever's left of it.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Um, do you believe in the Jewish religion?
No, I do not.
No.
Well, that's what you want to make people do not believe in anything?
No, I don't want to...
I just want to express my opinion.
I don't care what you believe.
Just leave everybody alone.
But that's what you should do.
Leave everybody alone.
And everybody wants to believe in people.
People aren't leaving everybody alone.
Sweetheart, they're busy killing each other.
Just like the guy who just called me and said,
because I don't believe what he believes.
I'm going to burn in hell.
No, he is going.
He's going to hell?
Yes.
Good.
Good place for him.
Okay.
Okay.
We'll see him there.
Okay.
What did she say to anybody now?
No.
No.
She's all right.
She's got her thing in the right place.
5670560, 560.
Let's play that old black magic.
Come on.
Let's get our Frankie Panky and play it right now.
Hit it.
Come on.
That old black magic.
Let's, uh, Louis Prima and Keeley Smith.
Let's get that on.
Here's the West Palm Beach.
Hello?
Hey.
Yes, sir.
That sounds like you.
How you doing, Neil?
Great.
Hey, I've never listened to your show before.
I turned it off for the first time.
Oh, my God.
And, uh, hey, I'm a Christian and, uh, I just have a question for you.
Do you believe in Jesus?
No, I do not.
Okay.
You know, there's more proof that Jesus lived in want the earth and did all the things that he said
He didn't do Bible.
Uh-huh.
And the pilgrims landed on, uh, the United States.
On the planet of Christ.
Yes.
Discovered America.
Do you believe that?
No, I do not.
You don't believe in Christ.
No, I don't.
You don't believe in Christ.
No, I don't believe in Jesus.
No.
Do you believe in Christ?
It's not a question of believing it.
Yeah, there probably was a guy named Christopher Columbus.
He was a Jewish savior.
Say it or there.
Yeah.
Let me ask you this.
If all the people believed in the Bible and did all the things that I said.
Sure.
Let me ask you this.
What difference does it make what I believe?
What difference does it make?
Well, believe in what people believe.
No, no.
What difference does it make what I believe?
Why can't you believe what you want to believe and let everybody else believe it or not?
Remember that show that Ripley believe it or not?
Why not leave everybody else alone?
Well, why don't you then?
I mean, just like the last lady said why don't you?
No, so in other words, I'm the one who started the war in Yugoslavia and the war between the Indians and the Pakistanis and the war in Northern Ireland between the Protestants and the Christians and the one who killed all those people during the Crusades in the acquisition.
Not at all.
In total religious people have been hassling and harassing and killing each other since the beginning of recorded time.
That's the point which you evidently don't get.
No, I get that.
You're also going to find hypocrites throughout the world that say that religious people think about.
Okay, well, a real Christians please stand up.
That's always the deal, okay?
Well, a real Christians please stand up.
Please raise your hand.
There we go.
Raise your hand high in the sky.
Let's get out the magnifying glass and find the real believers out there.
Come on, let's start looking.
Let's start scoping us out, okay?
Let's get out the search party.
Let's get Jack Webb.
Put him on a case.
Let's get a drag that and see a drag queen.
Sir, have a wonderful life, okay?
Buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, you know.
Never heard the show before just another radio accident.
It must have been an act of God.
Damn, God.
Must have been.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
And every day when you're driving out there and you see all these idiots doing all of these unacceptable things
and you say to yourself, God, there are so many assholes, so many really dumb people.
Just sitting and listening to these people today and you'll say, guess what?
I was right.
There are a lot of dumb people out there.
A lot of idiots.
Here's Lake Worth.
Hello?
Yo, George. How you doing today?
Okay, sir.
Hi.
Hey, Neil. It kills me to wait these people carrying on about religion.
It really does.
People at work, right?
And they're telling me, give me a son of an ass.
Why don't I leave everybody alone?
I'm just offering one little voice in the wilderness here because I read a pamphlet and they can't handle that.
They want me to dummy up so they can continue, you know, their intolerance toward everybody else.
So they don't believe their bullcrap.
People, I know it like they work.
They get spooked when I start talking.
Man, I don't want to watch next to you.
You're going to get stuck down by lightning.
Oh, boy.
I tell you, well, you know, I'll walk alone and you know.
Thank God we don't have any superstitious people hanging around.
Yeah, and there's, you know, can you recommend a book on that subject, by the way?
I mean, sometimes again, conversation, I would like to know what I'm talking about.
Farewell to God by Charles Templeton.
Farewell to God.
Right, it's you can buy Amazon.com.
You can buy it right on the internet.
I don't have a computer, but I have friends to do.
Okay.
Hey, one thing I do believe in heaven and hell.
I believe South Florida's hell and Las Vegas could be heaven.
All right.
All right.
See you there.
Bye now.
Now we're talking.
That's right.
Oh, you're going to burn in hell.
Let me say this to you right now.
Anybody who calls this program or any other program or even others those words to any other living being,
even a dog, a cat, a alligator, a lizard, anybody who utters those words, you're going to burn in hell.
Do you have any idea how stupid you sound?
Do you have any clue and violating their own religion, by the way?
Oh, Judge Knott.
Unless you be burning.
Unless you be burned.
But of course those disobedient kids stone with that, okay?
Because Jesus said, yeah, it's every jot in title of the law.
It stays the same.
Oh no, we're under grace now.
He plays first place for the Cubs.
You don't look so good anymore.
Five minutes till one at 560 WQM out.
Five minutes till one at 560 WQM out.
Five minutes till one at 560 WQM out.
It's not just the one to two hour.
It's a phenomenon.
And now here's Timmy Dean, founder of Timmy Dean Fork sausage, with a few words about new Timmy Dean bagel sandwiches.
Hello, I'm Timmy Dean.
You know, if someone had told me 25 years ago that I'd be making bagels, I'd have said, huh?
That's Jew food, isn't it?
But times have changed.
And I guess I've got to change with them.
But I don't have to like it.
You people want your bagels.
I'll give you your bagels.
Well the bagel greases slab of Timmy Dean Fork sausage on it.
New Timmy Dean non-coachier bagel sandwiches.
If you're Jewish, you can buy them.
You just can't eat them.
New Timmy Dean bagel sandwiches.
There's a little bit of bigot in everybody.
One o'clock at 560 WQM out of like getting back to the arrest list.
So in the letter that Sean sent me from Northwestern, he sends me an article here clippin' from the newspaper,
FBI investigates NU tapes.
No wildcats caught on nude video shot at 95 turn the official suspect porn ring.
And it's about, well since video tape of nude wrestlers shot secretly in the 1995 national tournament hosted by Northwestern,
is part of a nationwide FBI investigation that has uncovered a bizarre and perverse ring of internet pornography.
The shocking footage was captured in locker rooms at the Midlands Wrestling Championships.
The nation's second largest collegiate wrestling invitation held at Wasch Ryan Arena December 29th and 30th, 1995.
No Northwestern wrestlers appeared on the tape thank god.
Clips of other nude collegiate athletes in addition to the footage captured at NU have been collected by at least one unknown purveyor
and marketed as pornographic material available on the internet and by mail.
A former University of Pennsylvania wrestler found himself to be the subject of a similar tape after was sent to him by a fellow athlete.
He should cover Tribune reported on Sunday.
How do you like that?
Wrestling wrestlers doing it.
Oh naked.
Huh?
Oh.
Okay it's a minute after one.
I promised I would read this again, dear believer, which I gave a brilliant reading of the first time which I could never match again the second time,
but I'll try my best from the American Atheist Foundation.
I mean the Freedom from Religion Foundation same difference without metal and all here.
And I'll give the phone number and the website again at the end after I'm through reading it.
And it's very simple and you notice that these people who call not a single one of them not that we had that many disagreed but the ones who do disagree the ones who want to twist my arm and the ones who want to talk about my black hand.
They don't respond any of this because they can't they can't be viewed any of it because it's all in there.
The pamphlet is called dear believer and it says you asked me to consider Christianity is the answer for my life I have done that.
I consider it untrue, repugnant and harmful.
You expect me to believe Jesus was born of a virgin impregnated by a ghost?
Do you believe all the crazy tales of ancient religions?
Julia Caesar was reportedly born of a virgin.
Roman historian Sutonia Sada Augustus bodily rose to heaven when he died and Buddha was supposedly born speaking.
You don't believe all that to you.
Why do you expect me to swallow the fables of Christianity?
I find it incredible that you asked me to believe that the earth was created in six literal days.
Women came from a man's rib, a snake donkey and a burning bush spoke human language.
The entire world was flooded covering the mountains to drown evil.
All animal species, millions of them rode on one boat.
Language variations stem from the tower of battle. Moses had a magic wand.
The Nile turned to blood, a stick turned into a snake which is wizard and sorcerers really exist.
Filled rain from the sky for forty years, people were cured by the set of a brass serpent.
The sun stood still to help Joshua win a battle and it went backwards for King Hezekiah.
Men survived unated in the fiery furnace.
A detached hand floated in the air and rode on a wall.
Men followed the star which directed them to a particular house.
Jesus walked on water unated.
Fish and bread magically multiplied the feed hungry.
Water instantly turned into wine.
Mental illnesses caused by demons.
A devil with wings exists to cause his evil.
People were healed by stepping into a pool agitated by angels.
This embodied voices spoke from the sky.
Jesus vanished and later materialized from thin air.
People were healed by Peter Sheddle.
Angels broke people out of jail.
A fiery lake of eternal torment awaits unbelievers under the earth.
While there is life after death in the city which is fifteen hundred miles cubed with mansions and food for Christians only.
If you believe these stories then you're the one with the problem not me.
These myths violate natural law, contradict science and fail to correspond with reality or logic.
If you can't see that then you can't separate truth from fantasy.
It doesn't matter how many people accepted the delusions inflicted by holy men.
A widely held lie is still a lie.
If you're so gullible then you're like the child who believes the older brother who says there are a monster in the hallway.
But there's nothing to be afraid of. Go turn on the light and look for yourself.
If Christianity were simply untrue I would not be too concerned.
Santa's untrue but it's a harmless myth which people outgrow.
But Christianity besides being false is also abhorrent.
It amazes me that you claim to love the God of the Bible a hateful arrogant sexist cruel being who can't tolerate criticism.
I wouldn't want to live in the same neighborhood with such a creature.
The biblical God is a macho male warrior though he said thou shalt not kill.
He ordered death for all opposition.
Whole-sale drowning and mass extermination punishes offspring of the fourth generation.
Ordered pregnant women and children to be ripped up.
Demand animal and human blood to appease his angry vanity.
It's partial to one race of people.
Judges women to be inferior to men is the status to create a hell to torture unbelievers.
Created evil, discriminated against the handicap, ordered virgins to be kept as spoils of war,
spread dung on people's faces, sent bears to devour 42 children who teased the prophet,
punishes people with snakes, dogs, dragons, drunkenness, swords, arrows, axes, fire, famine and fantasides,
and said father should eat their sons.
Is it that nice? Would you want to live next door to such a person?
And Jesus is a chip off the old block.
He said, I and my father are one, and he upheld every jot and tidal of the Old Testament law.
He preached the same old judgment, vengeance and death, wrath and distress, hell and torture for all non-conformists.
He believed in demons, angels and spirits.
He never denounced the subjugation of slaves or women.
Women were excluded as disciples, and as guests said, is heavenly table.
Except for hell, he introduced nothing new to ethics or philosophy.
He was disrespectful to his mother and brothers.
He said we should hate our parents and desert our families so much for a Christian family life.
He denounced anger, but was often angry himself.
He called people fools, serpents and whited sepulchers, though he warned that such language puts you in danger of hellfire.
Think not that I'm coming at this, send peace on earth.
I came not to, let me say it again.
Think not that I'm coming to send peace on earth.
I came not to send peace, but a sword so much for peace on earth.
He rationally cursed and whithed a fig tree for being barren out of season.
He mandated burning unbelievers.
The church is complied with relish by the way.
He stole a horse.
He told people to cut off hands, feet, eyes and sexual organs.
You may want me to accept Jesus, but I think I'll pick my own friends.
Thank you.
One of Jesus' many contradictions was saying that good work should be seen and then not seen.
One of his mistakes was saying that the mustard plant has the smallest seed.
The writers of Matthew and Luke couldn't even get his genealogies straight,
contradicting the Old Testament and giving Jesus two discrepant lines through Joseph his non-Father.
I also find Christianity to be morally repugnant.
The concepts of original sin, depravity, substitutionary forgiveness,
intolerance, eternal punishment, and humble worship are all beneath a dignity of intelligent human beings
and conflict with the values of kindness and reason.
They are barbaric ideas for primitive cultures, cowering in fear and ignorance.
Finally, Christianity is harmful.
More people have been killed in the name of a God than for any other reason.
The Church has got a shameful bloody history of crusades, inquisitions, which burnings heresy trials,
American colonial intolerance, this respect of indigenous traditions such as the American Indians,
support of slavery and oppression of women.
Modern fruits of religion include the Jones town massacre, the Callus Fraud of Faithealers,
and the fighting in Northern Ireland.
Religion also poses a danger to mental health, damaging suffer,
respect, personal responsibility, and clarity of thought.
You see why I do not respect the biblical message?
It's an insulting bag of nonsense.
You have every right to torment yourself with such insanity, but leave me out of it.
I have better things to do with my life.
Thank you, Chuck.
Chuck just brought lunch, and it was trief.
For further information, contact the Freedom from Religion Foundation,
PO Box 750, Medicine, Wisconsin, 53701.
Here's their telephone number. It's 1608-256-8900.
If you want copies of this, it's called Dear Believer 1608-256-8900.
It's also printed out on their website, which is www.frf.org.
Or there's that FF again.
Thank you so much, Chuck.
Now we're even for the Yankee-Tugging.
There you go. I read it again, and I feel like the Black Hand isn't even touching.
It's not even close. How do you like that?
Oh, that Black Hand. Instead of dealing with the facts, instead of refuting any of this stuff,
instead of specifics, just talk about a lot of gobbledygook, which they do best.
566-70560, PO 560 on the AT&T line.
It's one way to QN, and I go, Hi, this is G Gordon Liddy,
and they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers.
566-70560, PO 560-705, PO 560-705, PO 560-705, PO 560-705, PO 560-705, PO 560-705, PO 560-705, PO 560-705, PO 560-705, PO 560-705, PO 560-705, PO 560-705, PO 560-705, PO 560-705, PO 560-705, PO 560-705, PO 560-705, PO 560-705, PO 560-705, PO 560-705, PO 560-705, PO 560-705, PO 560-705, PO 560-705, PO 560-705, PO 560-705, PO 560-705, PO 560-705, PO 560-705, PO 560-705, PO 560-
PO 560-705, PO 560-705, PO 560-705, PO 560-705, PO 560-705, PO 560-705, PO 560-705, PO 560-705, PO 560-705, PO 560-705, PO 560-705, PO 560-705, PO 560-705, PO 560-705, PO 560-705, PO 560-705, PO 560-705, PO 560-705, PO 560-705, PO 560-705, PO 560-705, PO 560-705, PO 560-705, PO 560-705, PO 560-705, PO 560-705, PO 560-705, PO 560-705, PO 560-705, PO 560-705, PO 560-705, PO 560-
PO 660-705, PO 560-305, PO 560-705, PO 560-705, PO 560-705, PO 560-Kevin H own, PO 560-705, PO 560-705, PO 560-805,
brilliant cause we've had today these people are all saving us here's merrimar
hello well i'm trying to save you uh... new york please it's interesting
you're on this subject because i was just telling Georgia over the week and i
watched a great movie called inherit the wind i don't know if you've ever seen
it no with uh... jason robards and current dogless
supposed to be the stokes uh...
the skirt knows the scopes monkey trial exactly yeah and uh... i mean it it's
very interesting because they bring up some of the good questions that you just
uh... was was in that letter that you just read
first of all
how do we all get here if there was only two people in the beginning adam
and he came and able with a can enable's wife come from it they disappear
out of nowhere
you know they can't answer these questions because it's always well
you have to believe
you got a believe in the divine word or whatever
interesting also well i mean they had a lot of sisters and was all in
set there was this big and such a was thing exactly that maybe that's why we got
all this metal in the world
much in that does make a little bit of the city
also you know what the sun stop and then i mean with the kind of scientific
knowledge that we have today
for anybody to believe literally a lot of that stuff is ridiculous
uh... one of the best things in the movie is when the back in there you'll
go ahead sir
kurt dogless is actually the bible bumper ok
put them up on the standards and authority on the bible
and asked them
well if you know if i created the earth in seven days
how long is it a day for the twenty four hour day
doesn't say
maybe it could be a twenty five hour day
yeah it could be
well maybe it could be a ten year day or a hundred and a half day twenty five
hours or less
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen two wireless line
here's a lady in Miami hello
nil yes man
in speaking about religion i'd like to tell you a quick story that happened to me
all my life i've gone to catholic school
i talk of solace is into the public
kids
i was involved very heavily in the church
one day when my mother was dying i called the priest
so he can come and speak to my mother and you know what the police asked me
how much was i gonna pay him
i haven't entered a priest
i want nothing to do with catholics
not since that day that was outrageous yeah
so in closing all catholic pre-suck
well that's for damn sure
oh there you go that was the word of experience all catholic pre-suck
but do they swallow
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen two wireless line
that was magnificent and this is um
bizarre i don't know what to say
maybe got rained on i don't know
it got rained on my lunch got rained on
how come the container is dry and it was wrapped very tightly in plastic
huh and sharan wrap you don't need that cheese anyway
yeah but that's what makes it trace that want to make sure i burn in hell
for real on the same plate
that's true and i'm using only one fork
here's a mobile in poppano hello
there's no priest at the copter
here's a mobile in bokeh hello
mobile in bokeh hello yes sir
yeah uh neo why do you want to take away people's faith in the law because some
of the poor people in the people of the world that's all they have faith in
that's all they have to go on isn't that is an ad
isn't that pathetic what's so pathetic about it neo
it's tragic they have to believe in fairy tales that that's a substitute for a life
it helps them let me ask you question neo
yeah if you are in the ocean drowning who do you think you'd be calling a
pilot i wouldn't be calling anybody sir i wouldn't be calling to anyone
you'd be calling for god i wouldn't be calling for anyone i've had a gun held
in my head i wasn't calling for god i thought it was moments away from being dead
i wasn't calling out for god i'm not a hypocrite and i don't believe in
fairy tales but have a nice day this is the kind of guy oh yeah when that moment
comes you know you'll be all out for god just to cover your ass you have no
thanks we're talking emotional cripples we're talking
very very weak people is what we're talking here
maybe you guys guess what those people you don't answer very often you know what
i'm saying like when all those people buy in a plane crash and there's a
handful of survivors and they say oh well we prayed to god he said what about
all the other people that were praying to god did he save them no he's got
bad hearing he's like what's your name on a guiding light some minutes the
hearing works some minutes that don't work okay
and she's still going to be talking like that now that you know i'm talking
about i'm guiding life
Rick Bowers wife i don't know what her name is
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T Roto slide
here's Daniel hello hey hi Neil how you doing okay sir
Neil most of these people don't have both the religious and the non-religious people out there
is a little more tolerance for all of us and uh you know if if something makes
somebody feel good then they you know to me it's okay it's when they start you
are shoving it down all our fruit they want to keep shoving it down our
time that's right they want to keep shoving it down our fruit
twenty way Neil i just think we all need a little more tolerance that's all
okay god bless you sir you want tolerance look to religion right no five six seven
oh five sixty you know i just got through reading that piece and right away
instead of people responding to what it says there which is all right on target
it's brilliantly stated it's articulated so tremendously well
oh what do you want to take away poor people's crutch for
they can have all the crutches they want they're not going to believe me anyway
i just like to have the opportunity to express a different opinion okay
nobody's calling up channel forty five and tell them they should stop their religious
bullcrap and stop stealing all the money from those old ladies
nobody's doing that all that tax free money that they're squeezing out
that they never have enough of because god wants the money
see god must be a compulsive gambler he probably listens to the Ed Kaplan show
compulsive gambler because he bets on horse races if he would have wanted
charismatic to win but he wanted the uh you know thirty one to one shot
i mean if he's god's gonna bet two bucks he don't want five sixty back he
wants sixty five bucks back because times are tough god needs your cash
here's a mobile in the keys hello hello Neil yes sir
uh i was looking to show on first time car and
up for competing uh between five and three
things to be labeling these these problems that you have with god's
okay well listen when god gets your phone straight now call us back so we can
understand what you're saying sir call us back on the phone that works
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen two wireless line
have any idea what he was saying no no here's Davie hello yes uh Neil
yes yeah i wanted to say that i appreciate you bringing this topic up and i
appreciate your opinion your entire opinion obviously that's one of the
strengths of this country but i'd prefer to treat one of the things in the letter
uh huh okay uh not a letter okay the things that you've been reading uh about
Jesus when he tells his disciples that they must hate their family right
mm-hmm that part what he's teaching is he's teaching
the people to love him more well well isn't that great isn't that beautiful
love him more than your family right right he's the creator i mean obviously
that's a thick that's a sick message sir i hate your family yes it is it's not
literally fate your family it just means love Jesus more that's all means okay
and uh wrong one of the other things about hell uh when when Christians a lot of times they
they fall and they wonder what about the what about that quote about uh you know
why he came here not not why did Jesus come here he didn't come here to send
peace he came to send a sword right that is that's the two uh the sword is the
Bible is a is a uh the sword you know is the Bible in the Bible why didn't Jesus come down
to create peace on earth why did he do that because man has the right to decide
whatever they want to do and that's why there's so much corruption yeah okay thanks for your
rationalization sir you sound like a crazy person to me five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line oh man's got free will well how come if God the
head of time the man was always going to make the right choices and this will be like a hellhole
how come he's got free will how come God didn't like uh you know straightness all on how come
God don't eliminate the devil and all the suffering into disease and the crap can't answer that
can you sir no no well there's a witness that's right we have to constantly be tested and we don't
want to like our family members too much we got to love Jesus more gotta save our love for uh you
know somebody that will never see that don't exist but can we gotta save our love for that
here's medley hello medley like i said let's try a mobile and dear field beach hello
hey what's up Neil yes sir i just wanted to tell you a little story that i had with uh Catholic
priest uh back when i was 18 i had just gotten out of high school my father was convicted of uh
on some cocaine charges right and it was always causing a rat at him out right so we used to
be part of the Catholic church and we used to go to these retreats and help out with families that
had troubles and all that stuff whatever okay the the priest there we needed some some letters from
friends and families so we can give you know to the judge saying hey you know it was a good guy you
used to do with a church and at that time we're having financial problems so there was no way that
he was getting any drugs to doing anything like that so we asked the priest at that as that church
to write a letter you know saying what kind of guy he was that he was always over there you know
donating his time and money to help you know the families that were having problems and the church
when the hurricane came by we even went with a big truck full of food down to homestead because he
used to drive a an 18 wheeler yeah and we gave foods all the people they needed food over there
diapers everything we could you know that we got donated we stuck over there and he would always
off the church and everything the priest said to us i don't feel with people with criminals he
was a criminal and then all this crappy space maybe we're using the mafia you see the godfather
sir they didn't have any problem dealing with a mafia yeah yeah exactly money fuck that's right
exactly all right you know thanks a lot you got to you okay yeah they don't have any problem at
all dealer with the Michael Corleone do you accept Jesus do they yeah yeah yeah do it in the meantime
but I'm being but I'm telling people all over the place but when you're contributing you know 80
billion dollars to the church from the Don Corleone foundation for the Michael Corle whatever
it was in godfather three and when Sophia Coppola saying don't spend it all in one place you know
like that and then like in the bishop is saying we have an understanding and all that money is
missing from the Vatican bank which of course that part of it is a true story anybody know where it
went no five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 t wireless line see it takes too
much time to sit down and read and reason and think about these things it's so much easier to accept
just the way you were indoctrinated and brought up with a much of fairy tales and lies and bullcraft
and just to plow ahead with your life okay plow ahead like you don't have a brain
here's medley let's try it again hello hello you know yes sir I'm sorry about that other call
there's a very short letter to the editor that really touches well on what you're talking about
today yeah and with your permission I'd like to read it to you I read very fast though
it says let them question under your June one front page headline faith young people are encouraged
and praised for their fervent religious thoughts that the I guess it is they want to belong the
Christian radio host is quoted but where is the support for the much braver youth who questions
the existence of God where was he when we needed him where was his angel said to stop the tragic
bullet to Columbine high school right as we approach the third millennium let us not deny support
to the courageous doubters among our youth who avoid who avoid the hordes of lemmings blindly
following primitive myths let them know of secular humanism and the great free thinkers of the
centuries who lead humanity with science reason and enlightenment do a better world oh god for
this I'm telling you that's a that's a tough letter well which paper was that in mini harrow
letter to the other today's edition okay I got it thanks a lot okay well bye see
126 at five sixty wq and we have open line couple of five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the 18t wireless line I wish it was that the New York Daily News that Hank
brought in there that's got on the front page the big the big story hold it hold it hold it
up there so I can read it it says holy shot LJ's four point play clock six clocks and nicks
tics nicks yeah holy mechanized that your bone would say it's a Allah that done it
holy shot I guess they left the eye off yep there you go Allah wanted them to win the game
Allah must have been betting on the nicks he must have had you know had a heavy duty bet going on
that game and like I told you yesterday that's why all these other things that this guy that had
you know get his car jump started this morning the one that was given me a lecture before but I'm
going to burn in hell that guy there God was busy getting the minutes car started this morning he
don't have time for the rest of these things he's too busy with ball games and horse races and
getting this guys a battery started so like when I grew up a little bit in Colorado says yes I
believe in God he didn't force the gun to jam or something like that happen or somebody to come
running in from behind one of the members of the SWAT team and save her life at the last second no
she just got blown away 127 at 560 WQM at a 34 560 WQM hangover show at two o'clock here's the facts
from Mike who says what are these people so worried about just live and be happy there you go
he and H do no harm do wonder whether it's live and be happy what a concept huh oh no you got to
believe this you got to yeah right that old black magic in that black dark hand huh everywhere
looked there's something black and evil which reminds me what are we going to do about the grills
in our midst here's Miami hello hello yes sir yeah I'll give you some people act and you will be
I mean you know the the churches bizarre creativity doesn't stop from the list that you read in
the pamphlet and I'm going to quote from an article on medieval religious practice artists in the
15th century often called attention to the penis of the infant or the adult Christ and the cult
of the holy foreskin was popular in the later middle ages all right although the hagiographer
Raymond the papua and the artist of early modern Europe to pick Catherine and Sienna is marrying
Christ with a ring of gold and precious stone Catherine herself says she married him with his
circumcised flash forget of Sweden received the revelation from God saying where Christ foreskin
was preserved on earth and the V&E's the guy in Agnes Blanakin received the foreskin in a house
sold it in a little bit of sausage and one of those big jars in the Brian you know
oh no but she said she found it to taste the sweetest honey uh-huh I thought you might like that
no I don't and have a great day okay Jesus foreskin was the sweetest honey how do you like that huh
maybe we'll be singing a different tune here before this show is over that the honey tune yeah
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line there's only one
foreskin in the world that I'm sure is as sweet as honey here's a opalaka hello
for a raka let me say it again opalaka that's what it says yeah yeah sure you sure say something
in the spoke part at four to five you need to see that again and say there's still a lot of
again that is really something you really say something okay well you said something too but we
just don't know what it is five six seven oh five sixty pound you know what it is no no well
whatever it is he said something here's North Lauderdale hello yes sir all right I'm gonna
kind of talk about foreskin but uh I'm gonna come from the pro-Christian perspective and I just
like to say that uh you're talking about how there's a lot of evil in the world and uh god's about
love because he showed he's been it only to gotten sun to her uh-huh so they keep it dry uh-huh
people leaving him in your state that's why that's what he told people to stoned it after
disobedient children and to kill the enemies and all this other murder and you haven't only you
didn't listen to word that I read in that pamphlet did you know that was all part of the plan that's
got the part of God's plan for him to be stoned if you read your Bible to be stoned well I tell you
if he comes out on neighborhood here he can get stoned real fast we got some all our good
Jamaican friends don't take care of him yeah he's stoned in 15 minutes that was brilliant that was
really a very perspicacious sir a lot more calls like that and I don't think by the end of the
by two o'clock they'll all be saying now you know what kneels right five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty see if you want to believe that there's something a powerful creature that's
got a plan like that then uh all I can say part in the expression heaven help us oh man talk about
not having a prayer free drugs not I have free drugs tool tool part of take it tool tool part of
take it bus the longest tool the highest tool the smallest tool my fellow Americans I stand before
you did not part off growing part off expanding part off rising I reach out my tool to all of you a
rock solid part of heart of free drugs tonight I have free drugs tool tool part of take it tool
tool part of take it and ask that we join together and say into the American people take it 142
five sixty wqm how tragic how sad how pathetic it is to me when I hear a young voice like that from
somebody who's obviously been so well indoctrinated in brainwash and had all that crap hammered into
his head and he repeats as if by wrote and so he gave God gave his only begotten son so that those
who believe have have have everlasting life there we go with those grotesque stories of human sacrifice
again how about this how about if God would have if there was a heaven and for the same Peter
was seeing there to judge each and every one of us when we died how about if judge you on whether
you were good person or not how about having a motivation for people to do good in their lives
so if there were a heaven and a hell the people who were good people would go to heaven and the
people who were good people would burn in hell as grotesque as the or maybe they just wouldn't go
to heaven because then none of the bad people would just go off the 7 11 and say oh thank heaven for 7 11 at
least yeah but no instead of that you got to believe these fairy tales and as a result I'm going to
send my only begotten son whatever of course that means so we can be you know nailed up to a cross
and have nails driven through his hands and be tortured and die a grotesque or in this death
talk about a sick twisted hateful sadistic story and this young guy is calling and repeating it
because he doesn't have a brain anymore I'm sure you're a nice kid but you know it's very sad to
me that somebody like you has had his brain stolen remember frankenstein how they had a steal the
brain for the monster Igor had to go get the brain yeah Igor well he wasn't biting that day so
we had time on his hands and Igor went and unfortunately they got the brains mixed up and they
stuck the criminal brain in there but at least they had at least frankenstein had a brain
these people have had their brain stolen and nobody's come up with a replacement yet
here's a mobile in the keys hello hello deal yes sir I call him back again I got to connect
the before okay I connect the ring now continuing with my conversation when I was stating was
basically a lot of stuff you're quoting our scriptures that were written like over 20,000 years ago
and confused 20,000 years ago or more where do you come up with that number where do you come up with 20,000
well you know it goes as a birth of Christ is 20,000 years ago yeah the birth of Christ oh okay
oh let's say 18,000 years ago yeah but I'm not going to fight over technicalities but what I'm
saying is to bluff to say that that's God you're talking about man-made scriptures which are flawed
this is like politics it's flawed yeah you can't say that that is so religion is like politics
you say it's full of crap I'm saying the scriptures were the most part of full of crap sure
because they were written by man they were made up their fairy tales yeah the
fairytale is trying to explain something that is very difficult to explain I mean look at what's
not no they weren't written to explain something they were written to control people that's what they
were written for this is true too I don't I don't argue that fact but then to say that God does not
exist because of something that was written by man it's not at I don't think that's an accurate
accurate way to go about so let me ask you something what differences to make if God
does exist because if the scriptures are all a bunch of crap as you're saying and I would agree
with that what difference does it make well the difference is exactly what I said what
difference does it make I'm gonna answer that the difference that it makes is if you don't have
appreciation for the miracles that are happening I mean on a daily basis around you like what
well just the very fact that we exist look at look at the act to the world how about the
cockroaches did they exist yeah and does that have a god
missinos missinos there's not an individual god for roaches and man it's one holistic God
yeah one holistic yeah based on what based on what
when they answer that question man is in the entity of understanding
the miracle that there are three little
three there are three little words that man should say a lot more including you and you know
what those three words are I don't know thank you five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
on a AT&T wireless line there's God made the cockroaches and the mosquitoes just like that bit
bend and the song also says you know everything that sings everything that bites everything that
infects everything that causes disease everything that's a real pain in the ass God made that too
thank you God thanks for the mosquitoes especially the ones as big as bowling balls thanks for
the bullphotodes because he works in mysterious ways here's for Lauderdale hello hello thanks for all
the new strains of disease that we can't cure yes sir hey yeah when I was a boy there was this
priest used to over the house all the time and I was close to great that's real cute
mm-hmm five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line that was real beautiful
here's Miami hello hello deal yes sir hey how you doing waiting for a long hour uh-huh I call
three times in a hung up on me just wanted to say maybe words don't like you my name is George
he probably doesn't okay so the thing that you put on earlier I don't know that it is exactly what
happens they do not know what you believe is what you do not know you ask somebody what is two
times two if they know it's four they're gonna tell you it's four if they do not know they're gonna
tell you I believe it's four because they probably do not know it it's four the same thing with
the religion yeah do they know that no that's what they have to say I believe that's it so let
them believe and let everybody else alone that's very simple isn't it leave everybody alone you
believe what you want to believe and I'll believe what I want to believe but I don't that's the
problem whatever the hell you go there it is yeah by the way if there is a hell I am going to
hell no matter of fact where the hell dies before me I ask them to get me love front okay I'll see
that's it I'll see you there for a via so I'm a Bobby there you're a maggot we'll have a party for
you all right okay maggot rhymes with the priest much better one another kid was talking about
that had a little a problem with that kid back though yeah
