Is it just the King's talk to me?
Sports Radio 560W
If UAM Miami Court Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show
to talk to Neil called 560560 toll free for date and brower
or pound 560 on your cell, Paul.
The opinion to Neil is guest, callers, or anyone else on the show
do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM
easily read acquisitions for the easily broadcast group.
No, no, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560W
QAM
I want to bang in the butt honey.
Wampin' done, um, bullets to a 544
That's my brother, dropped back from the Vietnam War
The last thing that it told me was you better shoot the straight
on Space America's train
A semi-automatic was an infrared scope
Incoming mighty handy when it's getting hard to cope
When the neighbors start complaining and the hours get more late
When guns made America great
Guns made America big and strong
No one's left to save us
John Wayne's down
Everybody's picking on me in RA
Tell them guns made America great
If everyone more pistols
The rate of crime would drop
and eat the costly beefier, lonely father cops
So let's get armed and dangerous
bit for a student late
Guns made America great
OOOH
Guns made America big and strong
No one's left to save us
John Wayne's down
Everybody's picking on me in RA
Tell them guns made America great
Guns made America great
OOOH
yeah they saw games over they lost and now we move on with life okay did it mean like
a bunch of little overgrown children by the way I had several I mean many many confirmations
of author your of course of what I was talking about yesterday and about fraternities and
locker room and all these things in these initiations a lot of nudity a lot of grab
ass a lot of uh... penis stuff
so you figure that by the way we will replay that uh... great call a
greatest call in the history of this radio show we played a little bit later
on
and will replay this many times today
i must be crazy i must be not because if you look at a front page of both
what a coincidence
i wish we had tv for just five seconds
both of our yoke'll papers this morning the herald and the sun sent them just
coincidentally
let's see the sunset and all the headline says
that's just a ticket
diehard marlin's fans who brave weather collect close-up seats from john
Henry if you you've got to see these pictures even if you don't buy you the
newspaper you don't want to waste the uh... thirty five cents or whatever it is
and the herald true fans get a rainy day special
team owner john Henry offers dutch tourist Linda Balkan hairy west or off
better seats at the stadium and they said donkaville
and go to hell which runs that and if you could see john Henry
ho ho ho ho ho ho if you could see this pathetic
said caricature of a human big
must be crazy i must be not
always just unbelievable
and he by the way and it was own calculations he was counting the crowd before
the first of yesterday's wind and rain swept double-hitter marlin's what
both by the way anybody care
he was counting the crowd he uh... says he counted ninety one people understand
anymore i think any of them were scouts
He said that.
Which of course reinforces the need for the dome stadium, doesn't it?
Yeah, right.
I mean, you've got to look at this.
You have to see it and you just don't want it to laugh or cry.
Here are these two dutch tourists sitting up there all alone.
They must have taken a wrong turn somewhere.
And here's this guy Arnie Rige.
Season ticket holder was sitting there with his Marlon T-shirt on and his shorts.
So cold and rainy and windy that it kept all the people away, but this guy sitting there
and his shorts and he looks like Yogi Barron a bad day.
And John Henry standing there looking at him like, it's just unbelievable.
You have to see it.
I can't put it into words.
Fort Lauderdale.
Hello?
Oh, you didn't reset the phone.
No, I didn't.
Oh.
I think I could just sit here for four hours and cry, you know?
For the first time, how long has it been since I actually sat down here and within like
two minutes had a whole bunch of calls sitting there waiting.
I have no idea what they wanted, but nevertheless there were some people there, some living and
breathing people.
And then we can't get the calls on here because we have to fart around with the phone
system to get it on the year every day because we can't get a goddamn answer about the phone
system in here.
And you want to know why because nobody cares.
My lawyer doesn't care right normal.
The general manager doesn't care.
The program director who's too busy rewriting the same memo 15 times.
He doesn't care because he's got about as much clout as the frogs fart.
Okay.
Nobody cares.
The chief engineer, he don't care because it might require a little bit of work, a little
effort on his part, a little arm twisting to get something good in here.
God is this could old and stale and tired.
So I guess the guy in Fort Lauderdale is gone, huh?
Here's Bargate.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I just want to call and thank you for the tickets for yesterday's game.
Yeah, how many people were there last night?
I'd say it was about 9,000.
Yeah.
Can we take a couple hundred?
Tampa Bay and wind up losing the game.
Nice penalty there, Robbie.
I heard parts of the game.
Yeah, it was an interesting game on the Panther's part.
They just kind of self-destructed in the last six minutes of the game.
Nine power plays that couldn't stick it into an empty net even then Tampa Bay winds up
on Robbie's major penalty tying and getting the winning goal and then an empty net goal
if he ends.
Nice going there, Robbie.
Yeah, that was pathetic.
I'm starting to get real nervous about this.
Paul Burry stuff about the now.
Now he's been cleared to play but not until opening night.
Oh, that's interesting.
Yeah.
Listen, I'm all four holding him out of the exhibition game.
There's no point in taking a chance of getting injured in the exhibition games but the
way they're talking about him, he sounds as fragile as a goddamn, you know, light bulb.
Yeah, well, I just want to thank you.
They were great seats.
I've never set that close to the ice before during a game.
Right.
Oh, you got my seats for the game, right?
Yeah, yeah.
And it was really interesting.
I took my boy there for a seven-thousand birthday.
Great.
And he had a good time and we really want to thank you.
Excellent.
Thanks for calling.
Thanks for seeing us.
There's a good guy called to say thank you and we had a good time.
Even though they lost again and they keep losing all the exhibition games, even though they
don't mean anything, we don't want to keep losing every day, especially the Tampa Bay.
It's really ugly.
You just sit and you keep looking at these pictures of John Henry in this empty, empty stadium.
I mean, you look at this scene.
He looks like a tour guide in the middle of the desert somewhere.
He's standing there pointing like way over there.
Go sit over there.
You know, way down there.
Pick your own section.
Pick your own nose.
Pick your seat.
Yeah.
It's pick your seat day.
Oh, and by the way, speaking of pick your seat day, since we're so, you know, this big
controversy is heating up again about, oh, should we come up with some more money for
John Henry?
So those 91 people that have a nicer place to go see a ballgame.
They're having another pick your seat day.
I heard Jigs McDonald talking about it last night and Randy.
They're having another pick your seat day at the Mac or we know this Saturday.
Pick your season tickets day.
Because they're desperate.
The sell season tickets.
Because season tickets sales for the Panthers are way down.
Even in that beautiful, polatial Macarena there, it's very safe.
It's a wonderful neighborhood.
There's tons of parking.
It's easy to get there.
And we were packing a place night after night last year, but you know something?
The novelty wears off.
And unless you give the people a real quality product, guess what?
Especially if these ever increasing prices, they say, ah, we don't think we're coming
back.
Not very often anyway.
And certainly not going to give you all that money up front for season tickets, especially
when it may turn out to be another disaster.
And that's something people have got some nerve.
Don't they actually want some quality, some entertainment for their money?
I thought we're just supposed to hand them money over to these multi-millionaire and
billionaires.
That's the way they look at it.
Just give us the money.
It's kind of like the QA mentality.
Just give us your money, baby.
We know we're not going to spend a whole lot of money.
We're going to get away with spending as little as we possibly can.
And if we don't give you a quality product too bad, look what a nice place that you built
for us.
Yeah, that's right.
Look what a nice place to taxpayers.
And out for a water day, by the way, is starting to make rumblings, which I'll get into
in a moment.
Great letter, great article in the op-ed page again today in the Herald No Les by Max
Jay Castro.
No relation.
Senior research associate at the U of M's Denti Facil North South Center.
He says spending big bucks for a baseball stadium is nuts.
Nice going, Max.
A second day in a row.
Two out of three days.
That's the people who write for that newspaper got more sense than the guy that
I'm editorial lunatics and the people that are trying to manipulate your mind and squeeze
money out of the you your pocket, the tourist pocket, somebody's pockets again to build a
stadium for for a crazy man.
I must be crazy.
I must be not just looking at those pictures, man.
Take a look at the front page of both of today's newspapers and you'll either pee in
your pants or cry or both.
I guarantee it would be a lot of moisture around.
Ten minutes after ten at five sixty WQM.
Here's some nice stuff right now.
Hi Felicia.
Genie, I love your dress and your hair looks so shiny and manageable.
Are you still shampooing with head and shoulders?
Gosh, chick.
I've thought using head and shoulders a long time ago.
I mean honestly, who grows hair on their shoulders anyway?
Yeah, right.
So what are you using now?
Well, it's light-cutting shoulders only without all those additives.
It's just called Chad.
Let's tell them about it, girls.
If you're tired of your own hands, then you can't run away from the stage and feel
even blue.
Chad, you can't tell the number.
What I said, Chad, I feel better if you get some hands.
Wow.
Where can I get that?
Lots of places, chicks.
You can stop by my place later and I'll be happy to give you this.
In fifteen minutes, I'll have you shampooed, styled, and blown dry.
Gee, you don't miss a lick, do you?
Ten thousand.
It's great, but is it expensive?
Not at all, chicks.
My brother says there are places downtown where you can get head for less than ten dollars.
Gally, that's that price everyone should be getting hands.
That's right, chicks.
When you say head, you set a mouthful.
Hi, I'm Dr. Raymond Foulotti.
From Freedom All Industry, there's a tells me why you should get head.
First at Lubricate, each limp hair follicle, leading in a wrecked, listening shaft, then
the scalp's natural oils are sucked out of the root, leading your hair soft, shiny, and
exhausted.
Nothing does the job like head.
Great.
Can I get head from my hairdresser Bruce?
Probably.
But you might want to try your girlfriend first.
Go out and get some heads to say.
Yeah, yeah, no sports, go the long way.
Yeah, yeah, you look better and you feel perished.
Yeah, yeah, and you get head, you're a nutty sip.
What hair with lots of volume?
Nothing gets it up like head.
Available to price, you won't find hard to swallow.
And it's going down every day.
Honey, we're out of shampoo.
Can you go out and get some heads?
What did you say?
I said, I want you to go out and get head.
Oh, thank you, sweet Jesus.
I'm going down down.
And head makes a great holiday gift.
Last Christmas, my wife gave me some heads.
Then I gave her a pearl necklace.
I've never seen her so choked up.
My girlfriend used to give me head, and then we got married.
Now I'm lucky if I get Jurgons lotion and a national duet wrap.
I'm going to get some shoes.
When you start, we will find our shop.
Can't feel the touch.
My toy on top.
You can't get in the shower.
You want our bum?
You can't get the long way.
I know so.
Thank you for having us.
You're okay.
It's just a chair.
I'm straight in.
I'm feeling so bad.
I can't feel better than you get so sad.
You feel better than you get so sad.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Head shampoo.
Come on.
Give it a shot.
My hair looks great.
Oh, you're the map.
1017 at 560 WDQM.
I've just been visiting a radio station with Bob and Tom on
in the morning.
How would it be to follow Bob and Tom?
And then like maybe Phil Henry.
And by the way, speaking of Phil Henry, have you noticed here
what's the date today?
The 20th?
22th.
What?
22nd.
22th?
It's the 22th already.
And Phil is starting out in the 29th, am I right?
A week from today, the syndication.
Have we heard one more word about him being on any local channel here?
What is wrong with this market?
What is wrong with these people?
Have we, has Tom Jicker written one word about that, by the way?
No.
About anything having to do with radio.
No.
I think somebody, I think just like the guy who called yesterday, who now was it?
Oh, is Dr. Mark?
Yeah, I think they repote Tom's radio.
Because he certainly can't own a radio anymore.
He has no idea what's going on in his business.
It's like we don't exist anymore.
You know what I'm saying?
Are you sure positive?
All these different things, the spring book.
Here it is.
It's the middle of September already.
The spring book he missed.
The FCC story with the five, the appending fine.
The Phil Henry Show being syndicated.
And does anybody here know about it?
Is anybody going to carry it?
All of these things.
Is he written the word about it?
No.
Nice going, Tom.
God, it's unbelievable this place.
But don't forget, was that Capo wants you to know that yesterday, when it was raining
and windy, people reading their breakfast inside on South Beach.
Just don't forget that.
And there were several puppies and cats not lost yesterday morning, too.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
A meal.
How are you doing this whole?
OK, sir.
A meal.
When you look at that picture there with John Henry and Mr. Riegg or Arnie, whatever his name
is.
Arnie.
There's like two law souls in a sea of orange.
It's unbelievable.
I'll, John Henry.
We have a look at the expression on John Henry's face in both of these pictures.
It's unbelievable.
This man looks like such a dullard.
I must be crazy.
I must be nuts.
It's amazing.
Exactly.
All he needs is a black shirt that's a stadium and you swear he was a usher.
Right.
And that's what he thought he was.
And what if you're really article in a hero that says they thought it was an usher
that can't believe that the owner would do something like that.
They were flabbergasted.
You know, Neil, that we're in a major market where I guess you would say at three
county area where you can get maybe at least five million people in all three counties.
Have you ever heard of a professional team having less than a hundred people at a major event?
Ninety-one people, according to the owner's count and 80 of them were scouted.
I've seen more people watch a bumper off end of Rick on that university.
And I'm going on a Wednesday night.
Easy.
Take it easy.
OK.
See, I guarantee you they had more people at the cock fights in high a year yesterday.
No, no contest.
Then they head at the PPP Park and he wants us to build a new stadium.
And of course, it must have only been the weather that kept all the people away, right?
No.
No.
The fact that they were playing Montreal two of the worst teams in history of the sport.
And that nobody cares to begin with.
But let's build a new stadium, baby.
And now it's another new deal is city of Fort Lauderdale to pitch the Amarland.
Oh, yeah.
They want to attract the downtown ballpark and boost the area poor area at the same time.
Just like when they built the Miami arena.
Look how that area improved, right?
Take a look over there at the Miami arena, Reston P.
Remember that?
Yeah.
And did anything change there?
Nobody in their right mind wanted to go there because they didn't want to walk the blocker
two from where they had a park to get into the goddamn place and be a panhandled or
mugger worse.
Nothing changed.
This is all propaganda.
Well, you know, this happened in Baltimore.
It just happened in Cleveland.
Guess what?
This ain't Baltimore and in Cleveland.
And by the way, city commissioner Tim Smith of Fort Lauderdale, who should be hung, he
supports the use of a tourist tax to help pay for the retractable roof stadium downtown
Fort Lauderdale, which would cost about $400 million.
He said an increase in tourist taxes affecting air, fair and hotel rooms might fly more easily
than a hit on property taxes.
In other words, let's concoct another tax.
Even though here's the article on the front page of the hill about all these kids, they
got more kids than ever in the schools in Broward County.
And they got all these kids going to portable classrooms, by the way.
And they're debating how are they going to pay for the new schools and so on.
And where's the money going to come from?
And the cheapest is going to have to be best.
And let me say it again, this article by Max Castro in a Harold, which I'll read a little
later, right on target.
You have to be out of your mind with all the different needs in this town.
With the city of Miami, Virging on bankruptcy, and in spite of that fact, we got a whole
bunch of politicians down there, oh, clamoring to have it downtown, including the Harold.
Anything to clean up a toilet where nobody in the right mind wants to shop or go or do
anything.
It's criminal.
And yet here's a bunch of assholes in Fort Lauderdale, some of the commissioners again,
starting a big show on the dance.
Oh, yeah, let's court this.
The city would swap properties on Andrew's Avenue with a vacant land on northwest 7th
Avenue.
I don't want to let the right opportunity go by us and it said we're going to have to
step out and be aggressive, right?
And stick our hands in somebody's pockets to get money so we can build this loser a
God damn stadium.
If you want to see the look of a loser, I don't care how many millions this guy has
got.
Just take a look at these pictures on the front pages and newspapers this morning.
And of course, both of the articles talking about, well, what a great guy he is, the most
down to earth guy.
He's a millionaire, but he's out there giving these people wonderful seats.
Like this is something special he's doing.
They should have been out there with a goddamn, with a six pack of beer, with free lunch,
dinner, snacks, put him in a goddamn suite somewhere.
That's what they should have done.
Put him in somebody's sky boxes and the suite's on inside so they don't have to freeze
their ass off.
Wind him in Dindham with champagne, caviar and chat to everybody on.
That's what they should have done for the 100 or 200 people that actually showed up.
Then they said there was all of a thousand people there maybe by the time the second game
started around 7 o'clock.
I mean, this is a joke.
And they're trying to get used this as propaganda to tell you because the weather was so
inclement in the rain and the wind and the tropical storm.
That's why there was almost nobody there.
Well, sure if it would have been a nice day, there'd have been a few more people there.
Maybe two, three, four thousand maybe.
And we're going to spend $400 million of public money or somebody's money to build a stadium
so that a few thousand selfish assholes who have no life can go there and watch a minor
league ball game.
And that's what it is.
That's why by the way, there's no interest this year in San Isosa and Mark McGuire
like there was last year because everybody knows that to play with a golf ball.
That's what it said last weekend, one of the Toronto papers, one of the sports writers
said, it might as well be playing with a golf ball.
That's how tight the baseballs are wound.
And that's how ridiculous it is that all these guys are hitting all these home runs.
J Bell 36 home runs.
Outer pub hitter.
They're not fooling anybody.
It's a desperate dying sport.
And they lucked out last year with a home run race which people aren't getting sucked
into this year because they realize how cheap and meaningless it is.
And number two, they were lucked out this year like in La, and yes, what Atlanta last
night, big first game of six games be left between the meta that braves which I watch most
of it by the way.
Nice call and chipper.
Thousands of empty seats there in Atlanta.
They hit 43,000 but not anywhere near a sellout in Atlanta where they don't even sell
out all their playoff games.
And of course where they got that new turner field where they keep building more and more
new stadiums and facilities and they got the new hockey arena which way to you see how
many people the trashers got next season.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neil, yes sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Looks like I got a question.
Who's paying you?
I mean, when the panthers built your new arena, you are very much for that arena.
Oh, I was not.
No, I was not.
For your own, this is old and tired.
Old and tired, the same old crap.
Who's paying you?
John Henry puts up the mechanism.
The same call.
How many times have I had that call?
Let me share it again.
I wasn't in favor of anything when it comes to tax money but I said as long as they're
going to build it and they will do it.
Put it on the sawgrass because it's right by my house.
I was honest about it.
I was selfish from that standpoint but I'm not in favor of the public money.
Be used to build anybody a stadium arena.
Nobody's paying me off.
That's my guy's name opinion.
And you know something, sir, if you go out and ask anybody with a brain, they'll give
you the same opinion.
And then like I just said only moments ago, there have been real problem selling season
tickets for the very panthers that you're talking about in the same arena you're talking
about in that beautiful, polatial $200 million arena.
Yo, it's beautiful and it's new and it's modern and it's brand spanking and it's comfortable
for most people except in the narrow seats, et cetera and so on.
And you know something?
Unless you put something really good in there, most people don't want to pay through the
nose to go see it.
That's the bottom line.
So you can again, same old thing.
Don't give me any facts.
Don't give me any logic.
Attack me because you don't like on them.
This is probably one of the 91 people that was there yesterday.
This asshole.
You can smell it.
He's an asshole.
26 after 10 at 560 WQM.
How much be crazy?
I must be nuts.
Coming soon to a theater near you.
Every male celebrity who's ever shown their boss, featuring hundreds of a list dancers
with one thing in common.
A great set of tight-tongued Jeffrey Lyonson.
I've never seen so many butts before in my life.
Roger Eber calls it a non-stop butt fat.
Tom Cruise.
Bruce Willis.
So Vester Solon, Kurt Russell, Antonio Bender, Dennis Rand.
Michael Zungle.
Fast fit.
Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Kevin Bacon.
Tian Ory.
And nearly 350 other butchers.
If you only see one posterior this year, make it every male celebrity who's ever shown
their boss.
Playing soon in selected cities.
Check local listing for the Rump nearest you.
Pemperity 1 to 560 WQM.
We had a whole bunch of people on there.
We had about 20,000 calls online waiting another two left because obviously what they
had to say was very important.
560 705 60, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
And by the way, how come we haven't had one single call about this mobile one situation?
Which I alluded to a couple of weeks ago and then you got that call from our friend over
there at the mobile one.
Oh, we're not going out of business.
Yeah, maybe you're not going out of business.
But what happened all the people who had mobile one phone service?
Whose mobile numbers got cut off.
How come we haven't had one call about that from people?
You know what I'm saying?
Don't you find that a little bit peculiar?
They're getting switched over.
They're getting switched over to what?
A different carrier that mobile one has.
You don't understand when you say they're getting switched over.
There are people who have been without cell phone service for weeks now.
All they need to do is call and get switched over.
Got that thing in the mail.
Got one thing in the mail.
Little notice saying give us a call so we can switch you to a different carrier.
I got one.
Did you?
Good.
You must be the guy that got one.
Okay, 56670560.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miramar.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
Listen, I want to go all over the board here.
Listen, while I'm on hold, you've touched on a lot of things that I wanted to talk to you
about.
So you must truly be the Messiah.
I'm psychic, yes.
First of all, we're talking about this guy Henry.
I'm a big NBA fan.
And we've got this huge white elephant downtown where Riley couldn't fill that place up.
I don't care if they were playing no matter who it was.
They can't fill that place up.
Including the playoffs.
And by the way, look at all the tickets they're selling for the WNVN.
Exactly.
What the hell are they thinking about?
Who's going to go see that?
Well, it's just trying to force feed stuff that the people here are not interested in.
It just isn't going to happen.
And not a sports town.
And that ticket is even more expensive than the baseball ticket.
Right.
And now they've got Riley doing spots on the radio where he's practically on his hands
and he's begging.
I can just picture him with a sandwich board downtown pretty soon.
Right.
I don't understand it.
Please help us out.
Second of all, this, uh, uh, oh, and by the way, before you go on, speaking of the American
Airlines arena yesterday again for the second day in a row.
And it doesn't even make the newspapers on the local news.
American Airlines has another buff flight, commercial flight, leave an MIA that after 30
or 40 minutes, smoking a cabin, turns around and comes back.
They had one on Monday.
They had another one again yesterday.
And it's happening so often out with American.
It don't even make the newspaper.
It's not even news anymore.
But there's no extra charge.
Go ahead.
I'm sorry.
Well, they need to leave out a pair of airport that makes a good connection.
Uh, Phil Hendry.
Yes.
I have an idea.
Okay.
And everybody's going to love this.
Yeah.
Take these F and ball games that come on Q.I.M.
Like you've cut in my hand, show off.
Mm hmm.
Put them down the dial or rowing in Martin's weapon.
Yeah.
And put Phil Hendry on the, I mean, what, I mean, anybody can understand that this guy,
all right, he wants to sell tickets.
All right, go down the dial.
The same amount of people who were listening to that station or listening to the game.
Right.
That's right.
You know,
I mean, if they had 91 people in the stand yesterday, you can just imagine how many people
we had listening for hours and hours that that went on here yesterday.
I mean, till 10, 11 o'clock at night.
I, there used to be a comedian.
I don't know what happened to him.
It fell right off the face of the earth.
A guy by the name of, uh, is a Jewish guy.
Uh, Wolfberg.
Dennis Wolfberg.
You were that guy?
No.
Oh my god.
This guy was the head red hair.
Yeah.
You used to, I don't need to know a few sides in the hair color.
Uh, I don't know what happened.
Well, he was a great good, good comedian.
I don't know what happened to this guy.
He died.
He died?
He died?
Yeah.
To where he died.
Oh, well, that's the reason why.
I guess that's why you don't hear from anyone.
All right.
Good deal.
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
No, but I wanted to know if you knew him because he did.
Okay.
Thanks.
Okay.
5607.
0560.
0560.
I thought it had something to do with what we were talking about.
But of course, that would have been ridiculous.
0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
I'm sorry.
I'm getting carried away.
Here's the mobile and four-letter mail.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
I'm on mobile one right now.
Yeah.
I have never received anything.
Does this cover the four-letter area as well as this?
Yes.
So how could I be using the phone right now?
I don't know.
It beats me.
In other words, evidently, they weren't getting your service
through Bell South.
See, what happened is that everybody that they were,
because they lease service from other companies,
including Bell South and they owed Bell South millions of
dollars from what I understand and still owe them millions of
dollars.
And as a result, Bell South finally chopped off all of those
people that were hooked up to them.
So am I getting free service now or what?
I mean, are you still getting the bill?
I haven't gotten the bill in about a month and a half.
Really?
Yeah.
I talk real quiet then if I were you?
Well, no one knows who I am, right?
Yeah.
Okay.
Thank you for that.
Keep it that way, okay?
Good, good, good, good, move, pal.
He got out of there real quick.
Yeah, I just don't understand it.
I don't get it.
Of course, they were one of our sponsors, but nobody were,
see, one of the things that happens in this place is that because
there's really no communication whatsoever with anybody in this building,
is that we can have a sponsor where the owner goes out and it turns out to
be an ax murderer and goes out and kills 30 of our listeners.
And nobody here would ever tell us anything about it.
They would just, you know, the water not to just come in one day and say,
they called it in cancel.
You know, across the spots off log or something like that.
And that would be as much, that would be a lot of information based on a way
this place operates.
We find out nothing.
So it's kind of embarrassing for me to have to come on the ear and ask the
public what the story is with this, but I can't get a straight answer.
Because, you know, when you're doing business with people who are everybody in
their brother, I held up a lot of money and having all kinds of financial problems,
including this radio station, by the way.
It's not a great confidence booster.
Here's West Palm Beach. Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
I held on because I love you.
Through the breaks.
Yes.
Anyway, it's a couple of things.
First of all, I don't know why everybody complains about the breaks on the show.
We've only got four minute breaks on the show.
Every show on the station's got eight, nine, and 13 minute breaks.
You tried to look into the Howard, man.
Well, those fourth nerds, they hold on.
That's the amazing part.
My people are just, we're not important enough anymore.
Yeah, 20 minute breaks for Howard.
Yeah.
Well, he don't take phone calls.
Yeah, well, a couple of things.
First of all, for that douchebag that was fussing your balls about.
You were the sports who pays you.
Yeah, I'm on the take.
Yeah, I mean, how many times have you ripped your own station that pays you for sponsoring that?
You know, for, you know, what am I trying to say?
Anyways, for having all of this stuff hanging over our next to the Marlin thing yesterday.
It was a classic example.
We had seven or eight hours at a broadcast time tied up on this radio station,
which stuff that there's no interest in that nobody was in attendance at that nobody is listening to.
We're paying millions of dollars and our sales department's got to waste a lot of time going out trying to try to pedal spots for that crap that nobody cares about.
And here John Henry thinks that we're going to help him build a goddamn new stadium.
Now, why would you listen to on the radio?
It's bad enough to see it.
And then by the way, we got two broadcasters who won't even look at each other.
I'm not going to let much less speak to each other because the organization is so smart.
They let the can out of the bag so that very jackass could write those two stories about how Joe Angel is going to get the axe.
And so we got two guys.
They won't even look at each other.
That much of them that much of it a pleasant two games for them yesterday.
I imagine the last thing you know as far as the schools and the taxes.
I have three kids.
All right.
It cost me about two hundred and fifty dollars in school supplies to put the kids in school pencils, papers, glue, paper towels.
So we got to buy all that stuff for the kids.
Yeah.
And we're supposed to pay for a stadium.
Kids take soap to school.
Yeah, hand soap paper towels.
Why what are they doing with that?
I guess to clean up after like art classes and stuff like that.
I'm talking pencils paper.
Did you ever pay for that stuff when you went to school?
Your parents pencils and paper.
Yeah, but now soap.
We didn't take soap.
So for school.
Everything I'm telling you.
Now they take they take guns and switch blades and soap and paper towels condoms.
Can I call some energy?
Yeah, I have a time.
Yeah, go ahead.
You golf players of Hollywood bill you do your dish bag.
Okay.
So you okay.
Five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on a eight TNT wireless line.
That's a very important message for all your kids out there.
You take that soap to school.
God only knows don't drop it man.
Wish I would have known that a long time ago.
Twenty before 11 at five 60 Q a.m.
Oh God.
The coach.
We've got a shot.
We got a chance.
Especially.
Julie Johnson show with J.J.
and the right to five all season love here on sports radio five 60 Q a.m.
Oh God.
Neil.
He strangled two old ladies.
The three power.
Now they the power and then they really can't get up.
His name is Thomas Crabsell a dirty low life.
And his that Cuomo wants to enter.
He owes New York 20 and the governor wants to serve when he's in time.
He's mommy holds the.
The New York tears not smoke in came Mario Degree.
No will keep in twenty years although we're broke.
Motel to the different baritone,
Welcome to C-Spark's Flying from the sky.
Come to a westbound, Kansas-Bowell.
Let the f***er.
Let's talk about heavy bleep, by the way.
10.46, yep.
F***ing f***ing have another one.
10.46 at 5.60 WQAM.
Here's a mobile in Margate. Hello.
Good morning, Nail.
Yes, sir.
Nail, I just wanted to voice a little aggravation with the Marlins and Henry.
Go right ahead.
Good morning, ass man.
Yeah, they need it.
I'll tell you, we went to the ball game like my grandkids.
I take them to the ball game and normally they sit in the bleaches because they really can't afford the high end tickets when they go with their family.
Right.
I take them.
We spent 21 bucks to ticket to sit behind the first place, dug out.
The ushers won't let the kids go down to get autographs.
It was so disgusting.
We said, OK, maybe it was that one, Usher.
We go back up three days later, another game, Philadelphia's playing.
The team doesn't come out on the field because it's too hot.
So there is no pregame, no autographs.
Next week, we go back again, 63 bucks for three tickets again.
The ushers again won't let the kids get the autographs.
They couldn't pay me any money to go to another game.
I would never take the kids to the game again.
I don't know a kind of PR people.
Who would have gone yesterday?
Usher turned out to be the owner, he'd give you great seats.
Yeah, yeah, absolutely.
But why can't they let the kids, these are 10 and 12-year-old kids?
Approach behind the dugout.
If they do that, the people that pay for the blue seats and the founder's seats get upset.
You take them to the ball game.
You get there early and up during padding practice.
What difference does it make?
It's like all the kids at the hockey games, they let go down there right by the glass right in front and get the, you know,
down to whatever the thing is.
And then watch when you watch the ball game.
And then the practice ends before the game.
They make them all go back to their seats.
Or else.
Watch the ball game.
You'll see that the ushers will not allow the kids to get anywhere near the dugout to get an autograph.
They want to get the kids asked if they even want the autographs to these guys.
That's right.
Absolutely.
So I got angry.
I sent them a letter.
That's the first time in my life.
I'm getting fierce old that I ever sent a letter to anybody.
They never even respond and not a five-year-old.
How do you like that?
There you go.
There's a key out there in the upper deck.
Okay.
I'll see you there.
Okay.
There's another guy going back.
560, 560, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Carl Springs.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
I was just cruising around listening to you and wanted to call in about the, the Marlins and the Stadium issue.
If there was three cents to be made on this deal, building a stadium, don't you think that the poster boy for greed,
the piece of garbage collector himself, Heizinger, would have built the stadium himself.
If there was any money to be made in a business deal of that nature, would he not have to put his money up and down?
It's amazing to me how everybody's got amnesia in this town.
They got Alzheimer's and they all forget that blockbuster park full crap that he lied to us years ago.
He was going to build this big complex, Mr. Blockbuster, Blockbuster Park.
It was going to have a baseball, dome, baseball stadium and it was going to have this.
It's going to have that.
And then of course, he sold all this blockbuster stock and buy a cum set.
No, we don't think we want to waste any money on that.
And that was the end of that.
Right.
More and more broken promises, more broken lies.
Well, and Nio, if you and I decided to go into business and we wanted to have a plant to manufacture something,
we would put up some of our money, go to the bank, borrow the rest, and that's how we would finance it.
Like I'm saying, if there was three cents to be made in this thinking deal, would that greedy bastard not have done it himself?
Absolutely.
So what does that tell you?
That once again, the public's going to take it up the rectum.
To pay for a stadium for somebody.
Okay, pal.
Take care, Nio, and keep hammering these no good bastards.
And keep your keep your cheap squeeze real tight.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, because one thing we know about Wayne, he don't lie.
And I'm going to tell you something right now and you can mark it down.
If Howard County would change their mind and decide they wanted to build this facility, I will not play here.
Because I will not have you guys looking at me for the next 10 years saying, here's the guy that said one thing and went out and did something else.
There is a guy that said one thing and went out and did something else, liar, liar, pants on fire.
They're all the same, baby, and this John Henry.
I mean, you talk about a desperate PR campaign to try to take the Shlumper of a guy who made all his money in commodities, by the way, big, stinking deal.
The Shlumper of a guy and make, oh, he's a great guy.
He really likes baseball.
Big, stinking deal.
Okay, I used to like baseball too before they all got so greedy before they had the fund was squeezed out of it.
And I wasn't running around asking anybody to build me a goddamn stadium.
But I mean, to look at these pictures on the front page of the newspaper, it would be like if you just,
and keep in mind, this is PP Park.
This is a stadium that Joe Robbie built that they took his name off of and they probably took his pictures off the walls and everything else that had to do with him.
This is a stadium that he went out and put the financing together for and didn't fleece the public to build it.
And eventually his family paid a dear price for that, by the way, because of all the taxes.
So they had a cello hole operation, but nevertheless.
And here's this guy wandering around in there and it can't find any five people sitting together in the same place.
It would be like if you were in a goddamn Taj Mahal, if you had this gigantic palatial restaurant that somebody else built and you took it over.
And you had all this publicity and it was on the front page of the newspapers and all these shills and the media pushing for you and you open up the doors of this palatial restaurant.
And there were like three people inside a restaurant that seats a thousand people and they're like three people at a table.
And that's all that you could get in there.
And you said, well, you know, geez, maybe if we could get somebody else to build me a better place.
Maybe we'd get some people to show up.
You got a crap product.
You took what you had.
You raped the goddamn public, whether it was Wayne, it didn't make any difference which one it was.
It's the same organization.
Public doesn't give a crap who the owner is.
The fact is they've been screwed.
And when there wasn't that much interest in the first place and you put a 10th rate product out there, a bunch of bulk rap.
And every time the fans get the least bit involved with a goddamn player.
Whether it's I love you, Miami, whether it's Levi or Matt Mantai who they traded away on the day that they had Matt Mantai night that same night.
Because they got because they dumb rouskies such a brilliant guy.
I'm so sick and tired of hearing about what a brilliant guy he is.
Okay.
You talk about a guy living off his reputation just like Jean Mock and all these other guys.
For years and years, we live in off reputation.
Anybody that put up the kind of money three years ago and Wayne put all that money up to buy the guy named Champagne.
If anybody could have done the same guy damn thing with that kind of money.
Sometimes it works.
Sometimes it doesn't like in Baltimore, but nevertheless anybody could have done it.
Oh, but he's a genius.
Yeah, it takes a real genius to keep trading away.
The only people that the fans have any interest in.
That's why there's nobody there anymore because you've got a 15th rate product.
And then they have the hoots, but it come along and say, well, you know, yeah, I did promise to build it myself.
If the public don't want to he wants the public to finance 80% of it.
And his idea of building it himself is to build a 25,000 feet stadium that he guarantees us won't be big enough to make him any money so we can be competitive.
And he'll still be putting the same horsecraft team on the field that nobody will come and pay to see.
So what's the point?
Blackmail people go to prison for blackmail.
And this guy's got co-conspirators there at both newspapers who just happen to have his picture on a front page today.
Show what a benevolent, wonderful guy he is.
He's acting usher in the spare time.
Maybe we'll see the fall of the house of usher pretty soon.
When they moved to their new home in like DC.
Here's a lady mobile in Miami.
Yes, I am.
Actually, there were a lot of us who wanted to call you about mobile one, but we didn't have phone service so we couldn't do it.
That's where I was figuring.
What happened was the way I found out about it was I have two mobile phones and my husband and I both had businesses and we both do our business on the road.
And he called me from a pay phone at home and said, you particularly pissed off at me.
Did you cancel my phone?
I said, no.
And that was the day that I got the letter in the mail.
The phones had been canceled the day before, which was Sunday.
There were 2,000 analog phones canceled on the same day.
And I called and called.
They had an 800 number, which was impossible.
I tried for three days to get through on that.
Finally called a regular 954 number.
I went down and gave.
And I got people who weren't salespeople and didn't really know what was going on, but they promised that somebody would get back to me.
So here I've waited on hold for 10 minutes, long distance, and they're telling me that they can't really tell me anything except sure they'd be happy to sell me digital phones and digital service and somebody will get back to me.
And after a week of that, I finally went with AT&T, which is what I'm talking on now.
I figured they don't want my business.
There's all kinds of problems.
I didn't even got the letter that you're talking about. I didn't even got one.
Well, I don't know whether it affected. Did you have a digital phone?
I don't know if it affected everybody, but I know ours was just analog.
So that's what it said in the letter.
Well, it affected me because the number doesn't work. It's history.
Did they go out of business completely?
No.
They didn't.
Okay, so they just screwed up.
They're using other carriers. In other words, the people that were hooked up with Bell South, those people all lost their service.
Because like I said, they owe Bell South $6 million.
I hated Bell South South.
Yeah, I know. I understand.
The reason I quit them is because they screwed up, you know, they had a free line with you, and then they didn't like your politics or whatever.
And they cut it out.
Yeah, they're a bunch of goody-two shoes, religious notes. I hate Bell South.
So now I'm very happy that I'm with AT&T. I don't know why, but it's easier.
A couple of other things. First of all, I was channel surfing this morning about 530 on the satellite, and I found a movie called Robert Zemeckis explores smoking, drinking, and drugging.
And it's about the beginning in this country at the drug laws.
I haven't watched it yet, but it's got to be on there again sometime. It's on showtime.
And it was talking about the reason that marijuana was originally banned, actually had more to do with the Mexican farm workers that were coming over the border.
It was called cannabis, but they called it marijuana because they wanted it to sound more Spanish so people would get to stop at them.
And it was not included, I believe it was called the Harrison Act, which is what made morphine-based drugs illegal.
It was not included because the pharmacists were using it in their practice, and their lobby came out against it.
And the person who originally started the war against marijuana was the same person who was responsible for the, what happened when they banned drinking?
I got a run suite there.
Okay, thank you.
1057 at 560 WQM 567 O560, 0560 on the AT&T line. You see 60 minutes, two last night, the award on drugs, another joke.
And they showed that whole big son of dance and all those guys getting buttured and everything, and they're getting rid of the Esco bar and some of the drug lord's.
And guess what? It's the worst time that it was then.
Wow, what a surprise.
Welcome.
A heri-a heri-a heri-a
Don't interrupt the girls' libido when you wear a tiny fetal.
You can make a look much neater if you buy a good weed eater if you're trapped on that chimous sob even up that boot is more evolved.
A heri-a
When a girl is lying in a dark room her brand new lover's naked in her bed.
She runs her fingers down his body and lets out a screen that wakes the dance per has a tangle up in his hairy hair yet.
A heri-a heri-a heri-a
1,2,3,5,60. Welcome WQM. We got Hank Goldberg at 2. We got Talking Baseball with Donnie B at 6.
And Amarlins in the Expo is again pregame as at 6.30 to game at 7 o'clock tonight as they keep doing it over and over again.
This season we'll just never end Willett.
Here's a mobile and crawl spring. Hello.
Hey Neil. Yes sir.
That's some good news about people with direct TV.
Yeah.
It appears that by the end of October they'll have a done deal with all the major networks to retransmit local broadcast signals.
So the transmit local broadcast signal?
Yes sir. In the top 20 markets they'll charge in extra, the deals are going to charge in extra 7 bucks a month.
And you'll be able to get all your local broadcast stations on your direct TV.
Yeah. The big sticking point right now is there a little worried about this electronic program guide that direct TV has.
Who's going to get some revenue from it?
But ABC and CBS appear to be ready to sign up with them by the end of October.
So we can cancel our cable?
It appears that satellite will be on a level playing field with cable presents for another 7 bucks a month instead of paying 30 bucks 32 bucks for the cable.
If you're 7 bucks you can get all your local channels and kids to cable.
That's according to direct TV because anything else that's on the cable is on direct TV.
And I'm getting this from this week's broadcasting cable magazine.
Great. Thanks for the good news pal.
Okay. Excellent. Just say goodbye to Media One. Wouldn't that be a shame?
Okay. We got 600 open lines here. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Hollywood. Hello.
Hello. Yes sir.
Neil. Yes.
Yeah. I'm a freaking visitor from LA and I listen to your show. Got all your CDs.
All right. All right, man. Well, that's it. Anyway, Leo. One thing.
Wrong show.
I know. I know. Neil. Marlon's in no loyalty. No fan base whatsoever. It's a slash and burn operation.
Yeah. That's what I'm thinking that too. Miami International Airport.
Why isn't there anybody there that can call your girlfriend's name over the intercom that speaks English?
Yeah. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. How sad. How very sad.
Here's the Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
What's up, me?
Yes sir.
Yeah. How are you doing now?
Okay. Can't hear you though.
Here now?
Near phone is a real bad.
Yeah. I was wondering when they, uh,
get you over to, uh,
by 60. What's you doing over the old jingles you had?
When they shift me over?
Oh, when you, you know, when you got job over there.
Jingles of what?
Uh, you got a bunch of them.
I think I OD and the real holds.
There's real funnigles.
We got them.
Is there any way you could play some of them?
Sure.
I tell you, SM ones, they're the, they're the worst.
Okay. Thanks for having me.
Get in the phone.
Okay. Read that guys. We got a mobile one,
because that sounded really, really bad.
Yeah. Let's play jingles all day.
It looks like a good day for it,
because there's one, uh,
line lit up on the board.
That's it.
No interest.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's our last call.
Here's a mobile in the West Palm. Hello.
Hello.
There we go.
Yes.
I was calling. I got a phone call last night on a supposed survey
for the Marlins.
Yes.
And I am a seasoned ticket holder for the Marlins.
And they ask a bunch of stupid questions,
nothing of which you could explain or answer in any way,
except satisfied or unsatisfied.
And...
You're asking about your sex life too now?
What's just about?
Uh-huh.
They wanted to know, evidently, they knew I...
I haven't been using my tickets and turned a lot of them in.
And they want to know why I turned them in and not used them.
And I explained that I sit home and watch TV now to watch all the boys.
They traded away rather than watch the Marlins with what's left.
Watch everybody play for real teams. Yeah.
This is it. I mean, you know, these are like kids to me.
And as far as the new stadium goes,
I think you'd better worry about filling this one.
And not worry about building a new one.
I mean, of course, I'm an old timer,
grandmother that takes my grandkids down.
I wrote in a survey down there.
I will not go into an area with my grandkids as a single woman at night.
It's not safe.
Throw player, I feel great.
I cruise down the turn pipe.
Right, you drive right in.
Drive right in.
I can come out.
Get out and drive right home.
I'm not worried, but I'm not going to go in an area and walk with a bunch of little kids.
Like downtown Fort Lauderdale, for example, I can't think of,
I mean, other than downtown Miami, I can't think of any other place.
I'd rather be less.
Well, that's true.
And I don't know why they just don't go back to old-fashioned baseball and play baseball.
I mean, I'm from Cleveland.
I sat no stadiums up there.
I sat in football stadiums up there.
Rain, snow, sleet, hail.
That's part of the game.
Right.
Yeah, why people are so wimpy down here in Florida, they have to have a dome over their head.
That's good for that.
Nothing to do with wimpy.
The fact is that there's no interest.
People aren't going to pay good money to go see a crappy product.
People sit for a dollar through, I've been at Dolphin Games when it was pouring rain the entire game.
I remember one year, I thought I was going to get pneumonia.
I think it was the San Diego game.
It was unbelievable.
But people will sit there with their ponchoes on, or even without the poncho on,
and get soaked if they're interested.
And if it's something that they feel is entertainment.
Well, but they're not going to go there and sit and breathe the elements to see a bunch of crap.
Well, this is the way I feel.
I've been a season ticker holder for several years.
And I sat in a rain with a poncho.
My grandkids sit, they think it's great, they think it's funny.
There you go.
You know, and you sit to eat hot dogs that point you're playing?
If it's worth going to see.
And I think that they've gotten away from, I think the reason it turned all of them,
they've all gotten away from the old-fashioned baseball.
I can remember going to games where the announcer announces everything.
Now they've got a board at either end.
If you want to see the stats on the player, you miss the play because you're reading the stats.
You're looking up in the air to see.
Where the announcer announces everything.
The public address that the announcer never announced the game.
When I used to go to the baseball game 30, 40 years ago, they...
No, no.
Public address announcer never announced the game.
Okay, sweetheart, get yourself some help, please.
Oh, God.
560-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Please, please, get some cyanide.
I'm ready right now.
T-5 on T.
Reggie.
Oh, Reggie.
Mr. O.O.R.
Is this, is this really Reggie Jackson?
Yeah, man.
Now, batting for the New York Young Kids.
Number 44, Reggie Jackson.
Number 44.
Yeah!
Yeah.
You know, one of Reggie's requests when he retired was to have a tape of Bob Shepard announcing his name over the piece.
Is that right, Reggie?
That's right.
That's a pretty good Bob Shepard impression we do.
It's not bad.
Yeah, that's right.
Can you top that?
Do you do Shepard?
Yes, yes, I do.
Okay, let's hear your Bob Shepard.
Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls,
would you please direct your attention to the microphone near home tape?
Reggie, that's incredible.
Ladies and gentlemen, they are pictures.
Super news.
And the autographs at the Super News time.
Okay, guys, what's up?
There you go.
You have a PA action for it there.
I remember the days, 80 years ago when a PA and I was used to it out in the game.
Remember those days?
No.
No.
She had a dream.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Let's have some good old fashioned baseball.
Okay, let's bring back Ty Cobb.
What do you say?
Or Corn Cobb?
Here's the mobile in Hallendale.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Are you?
You haven't been to any of the Panther's exhibition games, have you?
No, I have not.
All right, I've got good news.
We've got good news.
Well, I've got good news and I've got bad news.
Yes.
The good news is apparently the Panther Patrol has gone.
Oh, great.
Let's hear it.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
The bad news has been replaced by the Surge Scream Team.
Now, picture a bunch of punky looking high school kids wearing green
Panther's practices with Panther caps put on the back, wearing them the wrong way,
backwards, just juked in jive and running around the stadium looking like idiots.
Now, I don't have to pay $60 to take it to see that.
I can go to the ball and see that for free.
Uh-huh.
So, I don't know what to call it.
Surge a Coca-Cola product?
I don't know.
I have no idea.
Because that's who I want to call and just say it's ridiculous.
And they're just jumping around and it's awful.
So.
Now, do they get to new cool lights in place for the exhibition games?
I didn't really notice that to be honest with you.
I'm sorry.
I didn't give you a report on that.
I was so consumed.
Because I heard that they weren't going to be ready for the exhibition games.
But the promise continues to be that we will have new cool lights that you can actually see
from wherever you're sitting when a goal is scored.
Well, I can't give you a report on that.
I was just, you know, taken back by the screen team.
Mm-hmm.
Well, that seems to be the, you know, at a lot of these places as much noise as humanly possible
as you can withstand.
And I'm sure you remember in the beginning last year when they had the level of the volume up so loud
that you thought you were going to go deaf and you had to go running out in the hallway to relieve your year, your drums.
Well, the music's still loud, but then the other thing like these punky kids during the game,
they go down to the visitor's goal and they're banging on the glass and they're like screaming the goalie's name
and then a couple more of these screen team people come down.
And then they get these other little kids involved.
And it's really just annoying and distracting.
Now, I don't know.
Now, the people who do the Panther Patrol aren't they the same ones who do the Marlins games?
Oh, I have no idea. I haven't been to a Marlin game in three years.
So that neither of us.
So I was just wondering maybe because there was a Marlins game last night.
Maybe one of them.
Maybe there were some of those 91 people that were tied up at the Marlin game last night.
That's true.
Okay. All right.
Thanks.
Thanks to the bad news.
You're welcome.
Okay. There you go.
More noise and see.
Like I said, that's a substitute for a great sporting event.
You know, for quality team and for really putting a real good product out there is make a lot of noise.
Crank up that volume.
In fact, you know what we haven't heard in a long, long time, which I hope is still in here.
What's it under?
It's not under Gary Glitter.
Rock and roll.
Oh, it's under the balance.
That was 50, 50.
And of course, that being my luck today, you know.
There we go.
Crank it up, baby.
Come on. Let's hear it.
It won't be long now.
Kill him already.
We're yeah.
So anyway, he's got these great porno features.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
A little girl.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Long gone.
Okay.
11 minutes and 57 seconds later.
And the button was punched.
Here's Halondale.
Hello.
Oh, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got a great idea.
Uh-huh.
Why don't you get AIDS and die?
Oh, thanks.
Okay.
I'm working on it.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
One thing about this time, and it's always impressed me the 23 years I've been here.
A lot of really pleasant people like him.
And of course, he does listen every single day.
Every day of his life.
Fire left here.
It's like they guys screw you, Neil.
Why don't you move right now.
And of course, that kid.
You know, he would be terrified if I did move you at this point.
He wouldn't know what to do with himself at least four hours a day.
Because in that case, you'd have to at least have some equipment.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Let's try a mobile in Pompo-no.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
I hate to say it, but you're not going to have to worry about those ball lights.
Because with this burray being out, I think that hope we didn't get damaged could.
Yeah.
I mean, that's I watched it.
He found for the press about you.
Sound so negative they have you played a regular season game yet?
When I when I hear the guys out of out of preseason, which is fine with me,
if he's going to be healthy for the rest of the year,
Yeah.
Well, I got a big question on that.
I have a big question about it too.
And especially the way that they're promoting this thing, like I said yesterday,
they should be running ads in every NHL city saying,
Oh, please don't hit him because if he gets hurt, we're finished.
Well, and they still like the dumbest thing I ever heard of since they brought BM's brother in here.
I think the reason why they told you that he'll be there for the first game is because
they're still trying to sell it out.
Right.
That's why they haven't that's why they have another one of these cell phones this Saturday.
But it is interesting that nobody can tell me whether they replaced the goal lights or not for the game last night.
Well, I hope they did and I hope he's in action to play.
I did see him play last year in person.
Yeah.
And he was better than Gretzky when Gretzky was in his prime.
Right.
The guy's just unbelievable.
He is.
His stadium skills are unbelievable.
And he's the guy you're going to go want to see.
No question about it.
But you know, but you know something.
The people down here still don't know who the hell he is.
That's why he's here because he came from Vancouver to come to here because he didn't want to play in a place where anybody would know him.
Yeah, well, he yeah, I'll tell you you picked the right spot.
You can't be any more anonymous than the hockey player in Florida.
You showed that I enjoy hockey.
I enjoy your show and I just hope that he is there for the first game and plays the season.
Okay.
He's worth it.
I got my legs crossed.
Thanks.
5.670560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
See, this is what the goal lights were not changed.
No, I just said that.
That's what I was told.
That's what I was informed.
In fact, I have the reason to believe that they will be changing time for that first home game, which is a week from this Saturday.
They've only had since last April for crying out loud or early May, whatever the last home game in the regular season was.
They've only had since then and this is it's going to be October 2 before the first home game.
How long does it take to order those goal lights trying to put it put up the lights?
And like I said last year, only in Miami could you go through an entire season where most of the people in the stands couldn't see the goal light.
Come on, what a goal was.
And I was the only person that cared about it.
That's the best part.
That's what kind of a great sports town is is.
It was kind of like, oh, gee, are you on that track again? Why don't you just get off of that already? We don't care.
You're supposed to see the puck go in and always that it.
Like at a football game, tell a referee to rest his arms.
You don't have to put his arms up in the air for the extra point of the field goal.
We can see if it went through the uprights or not.
Even if we're sitting off like at a hundred eight degree angle, what difference does it make?
They just don't care.
They're so indifferent to the, you know, the few who actually do show up will go there who really don't understand what's going on anyway.
They don't care.
And they just go there to hold their kids up in here and they interfere with your ability to enjoy whatever is going on.
That's all the wave to each other and get on their cell phone.
You know, I hope that most of the people in here were in ahead mobile one.
Yeah, that's what I hope.
And most of the people with those plastic assholes with their cell phones who come to the goddamn sporting events with their cell phone and will press all of us.
I hope they all had mobile one.
That'll teach you.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Boca.
Mobile in Boca.
Let's try a mobile in Kendall.
Hello.
Hey, Neil. How are you doing today?
Okay.
Well, I think what that old broad was talking about was that the, and the answer is used to read the stats and stuff as the players came up to bat.
Now they just show it on a big screen.
There's three what stats.
Oh, they say on L.O.P. this guy at batten.
No, they didn't.
No, they never did that.
I bet about a baseball games where over 40 years and they never did that.
I just noticed that's what they do on the screen.
They show all their stats.
He's living in La La Land.
That was the only one game I went to this year and the last one I will go to.
Yeah.
Tell you what does worry me.
I hope that Henry doesn't get to stay and build the way the Schmoreena got built.
The board there.
Meaning what?
Well, you know, the voters vote against something and then they come in and rudal doodle some deal where he builds it and then we pay for for the rest of our lives.
Yeah.
The voters didn't vote against it.
Okay. They voted for it.
At least they turned it around.
If you're for it, you vote no one.
If you're against it, you vote yes.
It was another rigged election.
I have a feeling Henry's going to get something done.
The way the government works down here.
Well, I wouldn't surprise me, but I'll be the one that votes no.
I'll tell you that.
Get back to the bank.
Have a great day pal.
See everybody just automatically assumes just like the penny sales tax.
A lot of people assumed all what are going to push that through.
You'll never defeat that because the mayor and all his cronies are behind it.
If you want to just assume this guy into a $400 million tax payer boom dog.
Go right ahead.
I'm not willing to do it.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's a mobile and Delray Beach.
Hello.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
A long time calling my mother and I listen to show every day.
She's right next to me.
She loves you, sure, too.
I was wondering with kids, you played teaching to the keyhole.
I said to great song.
Yeah, okay.
Thanks.
Okay.
Yeah.
Okay.
Here's our last call.
Mobile and four Lauderdale.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I think all the fans are confused.
They're looking for the blue streak when the puck goes in the goal.
Yeah, that's true.
I forgot about that.
I noticed that Fox dropped that very quietly.
They didn't make any big deal about that in the playoffs last year.
But they dropped it because it was so embarrassing.
That in the fuzzy, yeah.
It's always the fuzzy white thing running around instead of being black like it should be.
The people who lost, it's a shame.
But I don't know.
I'm out of material.
Okay.
Thank you.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
3DN's dumb ad dirt.
All right.
He's been through with the she-hole watching mom and dad.
He's been through the he-hole the most we ever had.
Oh.
Mom and dad were playing tag right there on the dead.
Mommy used to have boobies as a pillow for daddy's head.
Mommy's head was stopping.
She almost got whipped wash.
I don't know what she was drinking but you got a nope mustache.
He's been through the he-hole.
Thank you for what I see.
What I sure do is I keep on TV.
Mommy and dad were hooked together like my drinking lawns.
What if I might force something like that?
Mommy was yelling at the door.
God was breathing heavy.
Mommy was on her knees.
You have to have had a booboo cause she's just some wealthy pee.
All right.
He's been through the he-hole watching mom and dad.
He's been through the he-hole the most we ever had.
When we watched a little longer the nice started to get sick.
If daddy's name is Helmer, why mom asked for dick?
Daddy's grounded his eyes full back.
Mommy wanted more.
She's going back on top of him but all he did was snore.
He's been through the he-hole as a minute has.
I can't wait to drive his dad off.
I'm throwing my class.
Well I can't wait to drive his dad off.
I'm throwing my class.
What a 31 at 560 WKM.
I was wrong yesterday about the croissant and the Netherlands until he's I looked it up in my book.
And the laws there are the same as the Netherlands.
Because the Queen, like the one guy said, the Queen she is a Queen will amina or whatever name is.
She's the Queen of all of those territories.
And so the laws are all the same.
But it's still a boring place.
And there's still mostly scarches in the Caribbean.
Oh I know that makes me a racist and a bad guy.
If you don't understand all this all the obsession of going to the Caribbean will have these beaches you know.
And you can go snorkeling and you can you can do all of these things that you can do right here.
Can't you go to the beach right here?
So what's the attraction?
I just don't understand why people who live in South Florida want to go to some place because of the wonderful beaches there.
And it's just I mean, why I understand because a why is totally different even though it takes forever from here to get there.
It's a long schlep and it's very overcrowded if you go to a Wahoo but nevertheless it's totally different.
5 6 7 0 5 60, 0 5 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's Davy. Hello.
Yes. Yes. I'm sorry Neil.
Don't be sorry.
Okay. I believe in that I called Jim Smith and he had the courtesy to return my telephone call.
Yes.
And his idea is to revitalize the downtown Waterdale area.
Yeah.
That's what his plans are. He says he's there for the poor and polished people.
Oh yeah. So he wants just like the Miami Arena help that area become what it is today.
That's what I just told him.
A toilet.
And his idea is to have a stadium built there.
Is it?
Yeah.
Give me any ideas how people are going to get there.
No. I didn't ask that question.
I just told him I was vehemently against it.
I opposed the stadium.
He wants to put up some hotels and he said no money is going to be used from outside the area.
Only tourist tax dollars that go into Fort Waterdale.
And you had just mentioned about the beaches.
He says you know the beaches are free in Fort Waterdale.
I thought I always paid for parking when I went down there.
He says well if you go a little bit further north it's for free.
So I said in other words now you're going to charge the people that go to the beach.
This thing is.
See this is I mean his timing is really bad because the hotel association in Dade County,
the Greater Miami and Beaches Hotel Association, just a week ago Friday passed this resolution
where they unanimously voted to allow one more penny of their hotel tax or sales tax
to be given to build any more arenas in stadiums.
And then again one of the reasons being that only one half a one percent of all the tourists
who come here go to any of these events.
Why should they keep building stadiums?
That's why I asked him.
And what did he say?
I said what's wrong with your rugby stadium that's right down the road.
Yeah.
He just wants to revitalize the Fort Waterdale area.
He says he's been living there for 15 years.
He's in the middle of an impoverished neighborhood and he wants to do reconstruction.
That is the idea.
And to use the...
So why don't they just come up with a grant with a master redevelopment plan?
In fact the article that I'm going to read here talks about the fact that in Baltimore for example,
they already had these things in place before they build any stadium.
In fact that's in the article about the Fort Waterdale deal.
It's Commissioner Jack Latonis' cities like Baltimore already had revitalization plans in place
before there was any new ballpark plan that came along.
Well I guess Smith is trying to put the horse cart before the heart.
That's right.
That's right.
That way.
Thank you.
Thanks for the effort.
Oh yeah, we're going to well you know build a stand.
There's no way to get there.
You can't get there now for crying out loud.
How are you going to get 40 or 50,000 people?
Where is the traffic going to go?
Off Andrews Avenue there.
Is there any way to get there?
No.
No.
So Max Castro, PhD, is a senior research associate at the University of Miami's Danny B.
He writes an op ed piece in a hero this morning.
Spending big bucks for a baseball stadium is nuts is the headline.
He says if there's one lesson that Wayne Heisenga and his minions taught us when they dismembered the 1997 World Series Champion Florida Marlins,
it's that baseball is business and the rest is bull.
Business in this turned the Millennium Global Market is about maximum profits.
To make maximum profits you do what you need to do, downsize, outsource, innovate.
You sell your best assets, Buenilla, Aluco, Nine, Adios, you move your base, Silicon Valley, here we come, meaning the hero of the course.
In business good intentions may fade, promises may be forgotten as market conditions change,
while these can be flexible and owner may be replaced by another with different ideas and commitments,
the players die but profit is immortal.
Let's remember all this before the long suffering people fall for New Marlin's owner John Henry's Kindred Gendler Act to the tune of 320 million dollars
for the new 400 million dollar baseball stadium for the team.
Let's resist being seduced by the good cop white hat nice guy image.
Above all, let's not succumb to that baseball is in a fear of the heart pitch.
If baseball is in a fear of the heart, we've already met the Aztec priest bearing the stone knife.
We've seen his handy work and we know that although he may take on different guises and disguises, he still can come out again anytime and rip our hearts out.
So let's not put our little hearts or our persons out there one more time for the taking.
It's lunacy that in the midst of this city's enduring social crises, we should be talking about a 320 million dollar government giveaway to a decidedly for profit institution.
Our transportation systems beginning to collapse, our unemployment rate refuses to fall.
We have too many failing schools and too many other under educated adults. Why are we even considering spending big bucks for a baseball stadium?
Consider just one pressing need.
There are about 200,000 kids in Miami-Dade without medical insurance.
Yet there are some 12,000 lucky children who are covered under the Healthy Kids program 80% of which is funded by federal and state governments.
The county needs to provide only the remaining 20% never less.
It took high level negotiations this week between Mayor Alex Penis and Jackson Memorial Hospital CEO Ira Clark to prevent some about 12,000 minors covered from being dropped because the county hadn't come up with its full $1.5 million dollar contributions.
Moreover, there are an additional 8,900 children eligible for the Healthy Kids program who are still uninsured for lack of funds.
Advocates are seeking to raise that money but there's no guarantee that they'll succeed. So it comes down to this.
We are waging a titanic struggle just to fund 10% of the medically uninsured children in this county. Anyone say baseball?
The argument will be made that public money for a baseball stadium is not corporate welfare but rather an investment that will generate growth.
Public logges is called welfare when it goes to the poor and economic development when it benefits the rich.
But study after study is shown that stadiums are not a good deal for the taxpayer.
Even in San Diego, a best case scenario that will be trotted out in an effort to sell Miami and John the idea of public funding, the numbers just don't add up.
According to Harold Staffrider, Peter Warrisky, a closer look at the Padres deal seems to confirm the skeptical view.
Ball parks by themselves do not stimulate much new economic activity.
And while the city of San Diego will pay $26.7 million annually for the project, the new tax revenue created by the ballpark is only $9 million.
Bread before circus, we shouldn't even dream of spending a penny of public money on a stadium unless we're on our way to meeting more basic needs.
Even if that happy but on likely day arrives, we must use a hard-nosed business approach regarding a stadium deal.
That means not only ensuring that the economics make sense, but refusing to buy mere promises and insisting on acquiring enough control of the team through stocks our part ownership prevented being moved or gutted.
Otherwise, we'd be buying someone the knife to sever our heart and erode to jerk us around.
Haven't we had enough of that yet?
What another great column there by Max J. Castro, but of course the sports nerds, they'll never be confused by that because no matter what other needs there are in the community, nothing is more important than ballpark and stadiums and people with jocks nrps on just don't ever forget that.
$5.670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line 21 till noon at QAM.
This is $5.60 QAM.
$5.60960 on the AT&T wireless line 21 till noon at QAM.
For a long time, I was a lonely virgin.
That's right, for nearly 30 years I had never known the rapture of cannabial bliss.
The one day like a bolt of lightning had hit me.
Fat chicks, they're easy.
Men all across America are realizing the benefits of fat chicks.
Not nearly as picky as those found on the covers of magazines, fat chicks are yours for the asking.
Forget fancy cologne, I just smear myself with the scent of clinky and a comma run.
Fat chicks, jump in.
Just take a look down to the glass there right by the when you're at the macarena next time.
When the players come out to practice, just take a look at the porkers right there, petunian all our friends.
$16.4 newt at $5.60WQM the Hank Goldberg show at 2.
We got more Arlon baseball than I am.
And by the way, you notice other than the attacks against me, you must be on the pay on the take on a payroll about the stadium issue.
We don't have anybody given us one good reason why that money, anybody's the public money ought to be spent to build it.
Not one.
And you want to know why?
Because there aren't any.
$5.670.560.
$5.60WQM on the AT&T wireless line.
$600.00WQM the waiting right now.
Here's Coral Springs. Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
My take on this John Henry gig with the new stadium is it's not for anybody in South Florida.
It's for John Henry.
So he can bring his friends down and say look at my beautiful new stadium.
It's always going to be his and it's always going to be for his friends and for all his rich buddies.
Hang out and look rich.
Yeah. Well he can do that now.
He's under front page of both those papers this morning.
Yeah, but he can't call it his stadium.
It's not his yet because he has a fund.
No, the fact is he's going to be losing his ass in this stadium.
And if somebody builds him one, he'll make a lot of money.
Just like Wayne is doing in the Macarena.
He's making a fortune in there.
And if you only one person on an elevator at a time when when Wayne's friends come in.
So it's only for Wayne and his buddies.
Let me say it again.
He's making a fortune in there.
Is he?
Yes. And have a great day.
Okay. One call left on the board.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
It's just like yesterday.
You know, I left here and it's like you've had the schizophrenic personality knowing that I had had a great show yesterday.
In fact, several people commented that on my part, you know.
But again, squeezing and trying to weadle.
Thank God for that one call that we got yesterday.
Because other than that call, that was the only thing that stimulated any kind of response at all.
Because they're all in the closet.
Here's a mobile in bouquet. Hello.
Yeah. How you doing?
I'm doing okay.
Well, you know, so I wanted to talk to you a little bit about this fraternity business that you mentioned.
And I just wanted to ask, if you have any best friends and how long have you had those best friends for?
Well, what does that mean?
Well, it means.
What does that have to do with this?
It has to do with everybody's best friends.
Okay.
It has to do with the fraternity.
And not necessarily taking showers or all the other hazing and what not that goes on.
But it has to do with hanging out with a bunch of guys.
I have two best friends.
One is straight, one is gay.
I've never had sex with either one of them.
I've never seen either one of them naked.
Nor have any desire to do either one of the above.
Okay. In the fraternity.
Don't take showers with them.
Don't stab towels at them.
All right. In the fraternity house, we don't socialize by taking showers together.
If a guy takes a shower and the other guy's got to go to class, he goes in the shower as well.
It's not a question of socializing in the shower.
Well, I'm not talking about socializing in the shower fraternities.
We're talking about hazing and initiations of fraternity and group sex.
I'll tell you about hazing and initiation.
When you're in the age of adolescence, 18, 19, and you're trying to find yourself in college,
whatever it may college may be, fraternities lend itself to putting a bunch of guys that are like you.
What I say like you, I mean they like to say natureists, they play the same sports.
They're a group of guys together that automatically, for some reason,
I can't explain why become your good friends for life.
Now, when you have a good friend, and like I mentioned to you, when you have a best friend or someone who's a good friend of yours,
you share experiences with them.
And part of becoming a sexual experience is, no, well, it could be two guys on a girl.
It could be two girls on two guys.
It could be, you know, in the bathroom, four guys taking showers with four girls.
The experience, sexual or not sexual is irrelevant.
No, no, it's not irrelevant at all.
Of course it is.
When you're in a fraternity, your goals are to make friends.
Because you have a best friend or a bunch of good friends doesn't mean a,
that you take showers with them because you're going to be friends for a long time.
And B certainly doesn't mean that you share sexual experiences with them.
Can I ask you if you have groups after them?
You know, some of the, I belong to a health club, and in the health club that I belong to,
it's a completely heterosexual health club.
But the shower is a shower with, with six stalls on it.
Now do you think that I'd become part of that health club so that I can work out with guys
and then go take showers?
I have no idea.
You can answer that question.
Okay, but that's not what I'm doing.
I will tell you this.
There are plenty of guys who do, but that's beside the club.
All right, that's beside the point.
Me personally, I do not.
That's a bastion of homosexual activity, even health clubs.
I do not go and join the fraternity.
Don't we believe you?
Don't sound offensive, we believe you, yeah.
The point of a fraternity and communal showers and group sex and whatnot is not a question of,
what is the point of a fraternity and hazing and the point of becoming close to one another?
What is the point of making another, what is the point of making a young kid's good naked?
I'll tell you what it is.
I'll tell you, I'll give you a straight forward end.
Please, a straight end.
When you belong to a fraternity, and I'll say it again, you belong to a bunch of guys that are going to be your friends for life.
And part of you, I'm getting naked.
Let me finish.
Part of the experience of having a best friend, whether it may be a best friend that you play soccer with,
or whether it may be a best friend that you are drinking with, you share intimate moments.
Not intimate moments?
Not sexual.
When I say intimate, I don't mean sexual.
I mean intimate in the sense that you will not share that kind of experience with anybody else who is not your friend.
For example, I have something that sounds so faggy to me that even I'm a birous for you, sir.
You want to know what I'm talking to me?
Running through the beach naked with a bunch of guys, you're never going to share experience with anybody else.
Not even your wife or your kids or any other friends that you make your friends.
Why would you run?
Why would you run or run through the beach naked with a bunch of guys?
Why do you want to do that?
Hold on, hazing is not a question of you, you don't have a choice.
Right.
Because one thing.
Then why do you want to force these kids to be naked?
Why do they always have to take their clothes off?
What do you think?
My closet friends?
That hang out at the showers at the gym.
Why don't you tell me the real story here, pal?
I don't everyday experience.
People do not have an opportunity to walk around naked, nor do they make it.
Stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop with the theme and the theme bath.
Okay.
Let's get back to the meat of the matter.
Tell me why you want to see make these guys get naked.
What is that all about?
It's a matter of respect.
Respect for what?
No, it's a matter of lack of respect for them by you.
No, no, no, no.
It's a matter of lack of respect.
If I respect somebody, I'm not going to force them to degrade themselves and embarrass and humiliate themselves in order to be part of my club.
If you're going to be part of a particular group of friends and guys, who says that?
I want to tell you this.
I want to tell you this, okay?
Without any more discussion, it's very simple.
A child could tell you.
If somebody demands that I get naked in order to be their friend, I'll pass, okay?
There's a good message for all you kids out there.
If any other male, your age, older, whatever, if they demand that you take your clothes off and engage in some kind of naked,
hanky, panky in order to be a part of their club, in order to be your buddy, in order to be their pal, run like a bandit,
run like a son of a bitch.
That's the best call I've ever had in my life.
Father O'Toole, God.
Exactly.
Nine minutes till noon at 5.50.
Thank you very much, sir.
That was the greatest call I've ever had in the history of the show, okay?
Made up for all these other dullards that I have to beat over the head to try to whip a little, uh, some kind of verbal intercourse out of.
It was brilliant.
It was fantastic.
And it was one of the best coming out calls I've ever heard in history.
Just amazing.
All these fraternity guys.
And let me say it again.
Off the air, it's real interesting.
If you get some people who find a little bit of intellectual honesty deeper than inside of themselves,
they'll tell you about how I'm embarrassing all of it.
And it always involved nudity.
It always involved taking off as much of your clothes.
Hopefully all of your clothes as they possibly could do.
And getting down and doing all sorts of things.
Usually having to do with your penis and or rectum or both.
Now that sounds like a real heterosexual pursuit to me.
Yeah.
Right.
That's a God.
I only wish I could be that straight.
You know what?
No, I'm jealous.
I just feel I've missed out on all the good stuff.
How come I didn't enjoy the opportunity when I was in Michigan State?
God damn it.
I might still be there, you know what?
Here's Miami Springs.
Hello.
Michele.
Yes, sir.
I could swear I would have in Deja Vu when I heard the beginning of that call.
Did not the some somebody say the exact same thing to you yesterday?
How many friends you have and this and that and the other?
That was the call from yesterday.
Yeah.
Was that the same call?
Same call.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I mean, I could have said no one you really would have screwed up your head, but I couldn't do that.
Yes, absolutely.
Okay.
But it just was good.
I may play it every day.
Thank you for straightening me out.
Okay.
I didn't know what you did that.
I think he needs somebody to straighten him out.
I don't know a thing about fraternities.
I don't want to know a thing about fraternities.
I want to change it subject real quick.
This morning I was listening to Paul Harvey's little morning comment.
And the very last thing he said was.
Good day?
Well, that's just before that.
He was reading an editorial in some major newspaper.
I don't remember which one it was, but it was a letter from somebody to God.
It's a dear God.
Why didn't you protect the children in Liddleton, Colorado?
And the answer was, I'm not allowed in school.
Yeah.
We've heard that a city in time.
Yeah.
But also in Fort Worth, Texas, I guess God's not allowed in church either.
We've got what he is now.
I was concerned.
That was my test copy.
Right.
Okay.
I didn't know if you heard that.
I just about ran off the road.
That's exactly what you get from the religious nuts.
You know, if you just had the prayers on the Ten Commandments on the walls,
those kids wouldn't have killed anybody.
Don't they hear themselves when they say stuff like that?
No, they're so brainwashed.
They can't even hear it.
Jesus!
They're well, him too.
Well, good luck, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
I love you, pal.
Out in the country past the stilly little signs
is the pack of warlions near the town airlines
The guy start a humpin' ever even when they're not going down.
The duty garland on the geefogs for genius lamps to smoke
That's where the gay cow poaks
To the poaks shootin' boogie
Oh, that's a good one.
Oh, here we go, don't see the old come on baby
Let's do the poaks in.
Okay.
Thanks for that circle, Jacks.
Come on, baby, I bet.
We're gonna boogie.
I said I bent down, reach her hand, don't a doubt.
Boots shootin' boogie
Oh, that's a good one.
Well, the bartender said,
Hey, cutie, what will it be?
I'll have a shot of that florist there looking at me.
The dance floor's twisted and it's hot as reds and cinnamon fires.
And last night's a moody buzzer ain't no straights.
Nobody has to masturbate.
They're doing the poos shootin' boogie.
Oh, here we go, don't see the old come on baby.
Let's do the poaks in.
Thanks for that circle, Jacks.
Come on, baby, I bet.
We're gonna boogie.
Well, you've got back.
I said I bent down, reach her hand, don't a doubt.
Boots shootin' boogie, run faster.
I said I bent down, reach her hand, don't a doubt.
Boots shootin' boogie.
All right.
Come on, two of five, fifty, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, three.
Thanks for my friend Alan, that sent me that book yesterday.
That I read all that stuff from.
That great to hockey hazing book.
Thank you, Alan.
Thank God for you, because if it wouldn't have been for him,
we never would have had that great call.
From our fraternity bag.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's some rise, hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I don't want to get on the fraternity thing.
Years ago, years ago, the whole thing, my fantasy was two women.
It was in a fraternity, and every guy wanted to do two guys with the one girl.
I mean, that just seemed to me to be a little bit, you know, I didn't want to hide.
I don't want my stuff touching another guy.
Right, exactly.
And that's what that book dealt with all the way through,
is that these jocks, they were very disappointed and very upset.
In fact, they were insistent that their buddies be allowed to join them.
Yeah.
It was for the life of me.
I don't understand what that's all about.
I was at a party at Arizona State.
This is twenty years ago.
And that was the big thing was to get a girl there, and two, three, four.
I don't know who they wanted more.
But, you know, it was just a strange thing.
Yeah.
In any case, just want to make...
I think I do know.
Yeah.
A strange thing about God, the guy who's on one of the God channels on TV,
Rod Possley, he heals people also.
He was on TV last night, pitching, how you've got to send the money to him.
I know his brother, Sage Rosemary and Ty.
That's right.
He has to get prayer back in schools.
Yeah.
And I sent away for his form.
It was an 800 number to get his form for this.
You know, and you could send money to him to get prayer back into schools.
He's taking donations.
I'm serious.
Okay.
Okay, thanks.
Thanks for the good news.
By the way, speaking of that, there are just a couple of handful of forces left for Friday's QAM celebrity golf tournament.
Your chance to golf with celebrities like Ted Henrichs, Dwight Stephenson, Tony Martin, Al Downing, Spod Webb.
Anybody who know who that is?
No.
Now, artist Gilmore, George Gerber, Dunstrock, and more.
To reserve your spot, call 305-650-0163-0.
650-0163 is the about.com, QAM celebrity golf tournament Friday at Lago Mar and Weston.
Proceeds to Benefits Center 1.
And speaking of center 1, this year's fundraiser starts October 1.
And our best off-season, he's available to all the suspects.
We're not all, but at 17 different suspects, there was all over a South Florida,
which will be letting you know where they are.
Starts October 1.
5.670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's South Miami.
Hello.
Okay, like I said, here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
It's interesting.
I really want to be friends with Guy, he's trying to humiliate me.
That makes a lot of sense.
I think the purpose of the fraternities is just people can have immediate friendships at the university.
I think that's the only purpose it serves.
Why do you have to be an attorney to make friends?
Well, if you're an adormiteration mounted by hundreds of other people,
why do you have to be in some kind of a club to make friends?
Well, I get the sort of obligated to be your friend if you're an attorney.
You know, I don't know.
I've seen no point to it, but anyway, it's just a club.
Okay.
They also have jobs, by the way.
What is it?
They supposedly help each other if they have your fraternity brother.
I'm sure I know what word goes before jobs, too.
567-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
What's up, Neil?
How you doing?
When we first went into hell week,
first thing they did was dress us up and drag.
And...
How do you like that?
Oh, well, it sounds like another faggy thing to me.
Well, we had a carry of these purses around all the time.
There's no fun.
And then they had this one ceremonial dinner.
Yeah.
And we had to eat these silence.
And they had these two brothers come down,
and they were totally naked, painted their bodies different colors.
And rolled around on this plastic in front of us while we were trying to eat.
All right.
Yeah.
There you go.
Yep.
I've read my case.
Came over to me, took my salad bowl,
and rubbed it in his, you know what?
No, I don't know what.
Front or back?
Front.
Oh, front.
Yeah.
Rubbed it in his crotch.
Uh-huh.
Maybe you want to put a little dressing on your salad.
Okay, thanks for the good news, sir.
Sure, it's fun.
Okay.
Do you like this?
Do you love this?
I'm going to have to eat.
I'm going to have to eat.
I'm going to have to eat.
I'm going to have to eat.
I'm going to have to eat.
I'm going to have to eat.
I'm going to have to eat.
I'm going to have to eat.
I'm going to have to eat.
I'm going to have to eat.
I'm going to have to eat.
I'm going to have to eat.
I'm going to have to eat.
I'm going to have to eat.
I'm going to have to eat.
I'm going to have to eat.
I'm going to have to eat.
I'm going to have to eat.
I'm going to have to eat.
Oh, hi, Neil.
Hi.
Big gigantic fan down here, in the way Slant.
Well, we may be wasted, but they're barbarians up there.
I have to tell you that I had a religious experience yesterday
listening to you respond to that call because you couldn't get that guy out of the closet with a crowbar.
And you did.
And it was like a magnanimous, manacary.
How much of a challenge when you start bragging about running naked on the empty bodies?
I mean, what the hell was that?
You did a humanitarian service.
And I think...
I hope he feels a lot more emancipated to that.
Oh God.
It was a sing-a-beauty.
And so I'm writing the Pope right now nominating you for st. hood.
Great.
And your staff, it'll be a giant golden crowbar.
Yeah, it was good.
And closing?
Yes, ma'am.
I know.
You put the puck in his bucket.
Okay.
All right.
Love you, Neil.
See ya.
Bye-bye.
Okay, nine minutes passed.
No, it's 560WQM.
5607.
We got the 16, 1700 open lines here waiting for it.
5607.
0560.
0560 on the 18 T wireless line.
The place where nothing matters.
That's one good thing about living down here.
Nothing really matters.
That's the good part.
You know, look on the positive side of life.
Nothing really matters.
Because nobody cares about it.
And my care a little bit.
They might put on an act.
They don't really care.
No matter what it is.
Nine minutes passed.
12 a.k.a.m.
Do not.
Oh, a lunso.
You're so big.
I got a girlfriend in Carmen.
She only likes to eat one thing.
She don't mess around with no hash browns.
Forget her or any other thing.
Carmen just likes to eat sausage.
Sausage makes the world go round.
She'll open up wide, slide a few down inside.
And you can't help but watch.
You go down.
Sausage sausage.
Carmen.
Carmen likes it.
Steven Hutton.
If you pass that sausage, Carmen Wells.
She might even say you got a lot.
If you pass that sausage, Carmen.
Well, I'll bet every penny in the pot.
That's the thing you still believe in with one gigantic.
She'll swallow all the sausage you've got.
The stand in the kitchen with Carmen.
Late one Friday night.
She told me that she had a craving for Kilbassian.
Nothing else would sue the appetite.
We looked a while and he iced back.
But they was out the week we could find.
Until Carmen looked into my pajamas.
And I guess you could say she blew my mind.
The back of the sausage, Carmen.
Carmen likes it.
Steven Hutton.
If the best ass sausage, Carmen Wells.
She might even say you got a lot.
Not if you pass that sausage, Carmen.
Well, I'll bet every penny in the pot.
That's the thing you still believe in with one gigantic.
She'll swallow all the sausage you've got.
Yes, sir.
She'll swallow all the sausage you've got.
From 15 to 560, WQM, 567, 0560.
Pump those neighbors.
Those numbers in neighbors.
567, 0560, and 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Isn't that their motto when a fraternity pump those neighbors?
Here's West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I tell you, yesterday in Curacao is a dump.
Yeah.
One good thing about Curacao is the place where they make the liquor.
Otherwise, it's a waste of time.
I wouldn't spend no more than that.
I think all of the Caribbean is a gigantic dumping ground.
That's just my own personal feeling.
I could be wrong.
You're right.
St. Thomas.
Yeah.
A quiet place.
horrible.
Thank you.
Okay, thank you.
Thanks for the good news.
You said the Caribbean is a toilet in Curacao, especially.
How do you like that?
So my Dutch friend that called me yesterday to give me a big son of the Anton Lecture.
Too bad, okay?
I'll still believe it.
567, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Davy.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil.
On the stadium issue, I'm a businessman.
It's something cost a dollar.
If you can't generate the dollars with income to cover the expenses, you don't do it.
I heard no one say anything from John Henry or even the Harold.
Okay, it's going to cost $40 million.
The debt service is $40 million.
I don't see John Henry saying, yes, we're going to cover the $40 million debt service.
And it would be in a terrible.
I don't think anybody should, any citizens should call by anything.
Just like the American Airlines arena in Dead County again, they give a big son an answer.
They put one over on the public there talking about all Mickey's building the arena.
He's going to put up the money for the construction.
But what they didn't tell the people is all the millions that the taxpayers in Dead County are going to have to pay for to maintain that building and pay the debt service on.
Forgot only knows how many years forever.
Yeah, it's like I think is arena there.
It was in Forbes or Wall Street Journal that said that his lease is so good that he can make money without ever playing one hockey game.
That's right.
That's the founding.
He gets every event that goes on tractor poles, the circus, every concert, and wrestling, everything that goes on in there, he gets it all.
And they say these things are going to generate good.
There's been so many studies that show that these things do not produce good.
You're using net disposable income.
If you have $50 to spend this weekend, you can either go to a Maryland game or a Panthers game or something like this.
Or you go to Mama Pops Restaurant.
If you go to a Panthers game, then you don't go out either the Mama Pops Restaurant.
It doesn't generate, it just reallocates with the dollar goals you don't generate any money.
Just throw it in this pocket. That's right.
That's right.
Okay, thanks pal. Just keep fighting.
Okay, I will.
Just like Max Castro says in that column that I wrote that I got no response to but that I read.
This is while the City of San Diego and this is supposed to be the best case scenario that supposedly got the sweetest deal of all.
The City of San Diego paid $26.7 million annually for the project.
The new tax revenue created by the ballpark is only nine million.
Where's the other 18.7 million coming from?
Sounds like the taxpayers pockets to me.
So you know, it's another one of these deals that's like a sales tax.
It was like that penny sales tax that people said no to in July.
This is one of those deals that whatever the debt is going to be on this thing and whatever the public is going to be responsible for.
That's going to be in perpetuity. That's going to be forever and ever as long as a damn thing is standing.
And of course when you say as long as it's standing nowadays it's a whole different deal.
The whole kid different kettle of fish used to be like they're finally moving out of Tiger Stadium after about a hundred years up there and Detroit.
They're building a new stadium.
But now they build a new stadium in New Arena and in 20, 30 years.
Oh, that's obsolete. That ain't good enough anymore because we can't pay these ridiculous salaries.
And like I've told you a million times before who's forcing the owners to pay these ridiculous salaries.
That's where the problem comes in.
George Steinbrenner guys like that they can afford it. They got the deep pockets.
He's got that unbelievable TV deal up there.
Well, I'll let millions and millions of TV revenue.
So who the hell can compete with that?
The joke the whole concept of it is a joke.
Five so in other words you're supposed to dig in your pockets and help to subsidize it so they can put a competitive team on the field.
And on top of that you're supposed to show off the big bucks so you can go to subsidize it by going to the games.
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Fort Myers. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir.
Hey, first time on time. How you doing?
All right.
Hey, we don't have that problem over here in Fort Myers. Thank God.
Or thank whoever.
But hey, back to the alternative thing. I got this girl in my office.
She went to University of Miami after I said,
good, were you in a sorority?
She said, no, she said she was a little sister for a fraternity.
I started to jump when I'm like, oh really?
Oh, no, no, there's no sectional fooling around.
I just drank with the guy. He's a dated one.
I was just wondering if anybody around their head any input on what the little sisters were really like.
A little sister?
Little sister. That's what you call yourself.
I remember the Elvis did a song about her.
Yeah, I think he did.
Okay, maybe we'll find out.
Okay, thanks.
If anybody got input on it, thank you.
Thanks.
Okay, if there are any little sisters out there, other than at the convent,
we'd sure like to find out about that.
I'll bet.
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Hey, Neil, what's going on?
Yes, sir.
Hey, you hit her right on the head.
George Tarnbatter, he's the man who started the,
I guess the downfall professional sports and over pain, he's athletes.
And that was the start of it.
Read and see back in the late seventies.
Would you agree?
And listen, as soon as all of these owners decided to keep competing with each other
and spending more and more money, and even after the strike,
even after baseball fell out of favor with the public,
you saw what happened the last couple of years.
Look at the Monday they gave to Kevin Brown.
Look at the Monday they gave to Mike Piazza and it keeps getting worse and worse.
And every time they say, oh, we're not going to do this anymore,
they keep on doing it.
These average ball players now are making millions.
And guys who couldn't have made triple A five years ago.
Exactly.
And I think it's the combination of over extending the league by, you know,
opening up all these expansion franchises.
And, you know, I mean, they have to be a big baseball fan.
Right.
They have to the strikes and after looking at the talent and the league,
like you said, it's not.
It's my final baseball and they're playing with a golf ball.
So this is the reason that, you know,
Manage was talking the other day.
He doesn't understand why there was so much interest in the social and the guire thing last year.
I guess he doesn't realize because he's more of a football guy.
But baseball is a very statistics and individual statistics driven game.
It always has been.
I mean, individual stats are everything.
But now because they're making a mockery of it with minor league pitching
and with the baseball's round so tight, it's like hitting golf balls,
it's a joke.
You notice nobody's even talking about it.
It's true.
I mean, you look, you look at the last ten years,
how old man's going up and I think it's a combination of the pitching things,
but also the ball.
The ball is definitely tighter.
Just like we remember that one year in 1987,
they supposedly juiced the ball up or I didn't even do it.
And they hit all the whole month.
Laying down the juice.
Yeah, exactly.
But now they did something again.
They were on the tighter and they want more fan interest.
And that's the way they think that more home runs are being more fans for the part.
Yeah.
But you hit a good point and that is the expansion thing.
And the fact is that a whole lot of expansion,
they're even talking about the,
there are a whole lot of these expansion teams that are just going to have to fold up.
Now, not move someplace else, just fold up.
I think baseball's going to be, I think it will eventually,
I don't know if it will die out, but you know,
everyone said that it's what our national cast time,
I don't believe so anymore.
I think it will.
And the same thing is happening with hockey, by the way.
You've got all these very insolven franchises,
several of them Canadian, by the way,
because they're the government taxes them through the nose,
counter-e, Vancouver.
I mean, Edmonton's hanging on by a thread.
Montreal is losing their ass.
They lost four million dollars their last year.
How long can this go on?
They're all moving out.
And that's one thing I say.
I say the last great sport out there, they're hockey,
because these guys aren't overpaid.
Well, they are now.
And they play for the love of the game, but you know what?
Even that's changing, it's a shame.
It's a shame.
I know I'm starting to...
It's all agreed and we're supposed to subsidize it
in the public's finally saying, you know, enough is enough.
We just can't wait.
And one last thing for Craig.
As far as the stadium issue's down here, you know,
it makes little sense at all.
They think that just because the stadiums build the stadium
and everyone will come, but right now, if not selling out,
that doesn't make any sense.
Build the stadium and they're going to sell out.
It's nonsense.
And it taxs subsidize from us.
B.S.
No, thanks.
Just look at the front page of your newspapers this morning.
And one call about that.
I would seem to me that the people would be peeing in their pants.
Look at it, John Henry, on the front page of the newspapers.
With all those people disguised as empty orange seats.
Just unbelievable.
And he's opening up a mouth.
Oh, I counted 91 people and I think eight of them were scouts.
And this guy really believes that people are going to vote for a tax
on anybody to build a stadium.
I must be crazy.
I must be nuts.
You must be certifiable, baby.
You must be a neat astray checker.
They need to put them in a rubber room somewhere.
But he's a nice guy.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
See, they thought that because everybody hated Wayne like poised
in which they do.
That anybody who came along and bought the Marlins,
that they would make him seem like such a wonderful guy by comparison
that he'd win overall his public support.
And guess what?
Sorry.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Two things about your diet ride on fraternities.
Little sisters.
Little sisters are normally members of a sorority.
That is attached, so to speak, to a fraternity,
normally for a appendage.
No.
They make sort of a liaison.
Usually it's because of the singing.
For a lot of fraternities do a lot of singing.
And a lot of sororities do a lot of singing.
And they want to match the voices also for some social purposes.
Fraternities don't have ladies to assist that social function,
so that's how that came about.
Secondly, Neil.
At Michigan State, you weren't a member of a fraternity.
No.
Could it possibly be that you didn't get a bid?
Meaning what?
Did you weren't invited?
I wasn't there long enough.
Oh.
I didn't go to class.
You must have been a football player.
No.
Oh, I was in Esha.
The football players were in West Shaw Hall.
Okay, Neil.
Thank you.
Okay.
Oh, and I see a little shot there.
I didn't get a bid.
Yeah, I was a deadhead.
In fact, I don't even recall going through it.
I don't recall anybody getting it.
I just don't recall any of that experience, to be honest with you.
Thank God.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Yeah, I was too much of a deadhead, okay?
So, to be an fraternity, we wanted those important people.
In addition to what you and hell wanted to see me naked.
I have my nose up, Neil's ass.
Well, congratulations.
Get alive.
First off, on the ball.
On the ball.
Well, you can't tell that the rain is using my points.
From the answer names.
The South of the woods.
The other is way too far with food.
And the longest breakfast in New York.
Once you're caught, what you're actually going to find out.
Why you call the stair?
That doesn't mean I say to you, baby.
Do you like to go on my feet?
That's not a clean, stupid win.
You're not going to play properly.
You'll be there in front of mom.
The answer down there, yu Bruv.
I was stupid tonight.
Come down and take a break.
OK.
I decided to tip my ass to the door.
Don't worry when someone fingerles a hat at home.
799.
Remember one of the important football games in all of home hockey games but I don't remember
nothing about fraternities at Michigan State and I'm sure feel left out if I just had
to do it all over again. 567-0560. Are these...
I think we're getting very strange rotor here last to 45 minutes. So if you notice that?
Something, somebody did a little bit of our phone I think. And of course with this phone, you don't have to do it too much.
567-0560, pound 560. See, look at that. There's something...
No, five words first. Huh? Why is that?
Because that's the second group. The date lines are 567-8
and Broward 1-2-3-4. Broward 1-2-3-4?
Yes. Oh. How come we only been in here like seven months now? Now I'm finding that out.
Here's a lady mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Hello. Lady mobile. Yes, I'm here. I'm here.
Neil? Speak to me, yes. Yes, you ask what a little sister is.
Uh-huh. Would you like me to tell you? Yes.
Okay. I was a little sister at the University of Texas for a fraternity called SIGEP.
And the gentleman that called earlier about little sister, he didn't necessarily have to be in a sorority.
However... The majority were...
What did you talk about? Easy. Is that... Pardon?
I said, what was the requirement?
Essentially, you were voted on in the guys selected who they wanted to be little sisters in the year.
Uh-huh. Right.
Yeah. And essentially, you were a little...
Based on... A liaison.
Well, liaison what? Between the...
You can hear a crotch in your...
Nah. Neil.
Okay, I'm sorry. You know my mind.
Yeah. Now, between a liaison between the big brothers and the new...
The new guys.
Yeah.
To make sure they wouldn't get haze too much.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
And did it work?
Yeah, pretty much.
Well, how did you make sure that they didn't get haze too much? Were you there at the hazing, that the initiations?
Oh, no. That's...
Of course not. You're not allowed there. So, how could you be sure of that?
Well, you couldn't be sure, but you would find out things and you would not reprimand.
But talk to the guys that want to go... You cut them off, yeah.
Yeah. I don't do that anymore.
Yeah.
Okay, thanks. I'm more learning a lot more every day now.
I know you take care of it.
Thanks, we don't have a lot of time.
What is it?
Neil.
Yes?
You would not have had at the University of Texas, I'm sure.
I could have what?
You...
Okay, thanks. Your phone crept up.
I think I'm losing my mind here today. This phone. This phone. It's a piece of...
Crap is what it is. It's a piece of crap.
How about we get a couple of tin cans, some Campbell soup cans and some string?
How would that be? I guarantee it would sound better.
I'm listening to Hank yesterday. He's doing a Kevin Donnelly thing there from 2 to 3.
Why I was still listening, I have no idea.
And all of a sudden, it sounds like Hank is underwater.
And nobody's even telling him about it. This is the best part about this place.
It's like the... Like there's an echo coming back through the thing, you know?
Do you have it?
This mother f***ing place is just a f***ing joke.
Yeah. No, but I'm serious.
And I'm thinking to myself, how come even the caller is talking to me,
of course, you know, the sports nerd. Well, Kevin, you think that the dolphins are going to win the Super Bowl?
You know, the stupid idiotic calls.
And I'm thinking, how come somebody doesn't alert?
Because, you know, obviously you couldn't hear it himself.
And this went off for like 10 minutes.
Sound of the equipment that God damn tin can.
Last night, I'm listening on Waxi to a parts of the Panther game.
I listen to Jigs and Randy on there, which by the way, Jigs.
Oh, but at any rate.
Pretty weak.
But at any rate.
And Waxi is dumping in, they're dropping in IDs like in the middle of the half hour.
He's doing station breaks at the top of the hour for the IDs.
And they're like in Lala land.
And then they drop over the game. The game is going on.
Hey, here's a list of the seven ID.
Well, the game is going on.
And then at the end of the game, I tune in to see what the final score was.
And they're playing the highlights.
And we couldn't get the guy to them highlights on right.
And they were stopping the tape and starting the tape and dead air.
And music finally comes on.
And I'm thinking, oh my God, this must be QAN.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
My name is James. I'll write today.
Okay, James.
I'd like to lend some offerings to you and answer some questions you had.
First off, you keep asking who Spud Web is.
Yes. I didn't keep it. I think I asked once.
Yeah.
Okay. You actually asked about a month ago.
And I'm calling back.
I was probably in a promo and I never heard of you.
Okay. He is a black gentleman who plays for the Atlanta Hawks back in 84, 85, 86.
He was a guard and he won the slam dunk championship here that Michael Jordan did not win it.
About five six. That's what made him unique. And that was his claim.
How do you like that?
Also, I'd like to elaborate on what the young lady said about little sisters,
The fraternities. I'm a former president of my fraternity.
Really?
And she had a half-right. Also another function of a little sister is to put out that also.
Yeah, of course.
I'm going to tell you straight about fraternities.
If you want to ask me something, I'll tell you exactly how it is.
But it's also for young ladies who want to get a chapter within a sorority that's not on a particular campus.
They lend their offerings so to speak to an alpha attorney.
And they're supposed to speak highly of them to the school board and try to get them a chapter on the campus.
That is the first function of them.
The second function is...
So we certainly figured out how that works.
Exactly. The second function is just an informal way to say, hey, you're part of our little group, which is the fraternity.
Anything else you want us to know about hazing, I'll be more than happy to ask for you.
But as far as the homosexuality, I think that is an individual thing that can relate to chapter by chapter,
which is either national or local within the fraternity. It's up to the individual.
I'm sure most fraternity chapters do not condone that.
And...
You're not condoning what?
Homosexuality and humiliation to that degree.
If that goes on, that's usually...
Well, I've been...
Welcome everybody. We've talked to who's gone through the hazing and the initiations as a head of getting naked and do things with their broad...
It's just the bunch of guys, the in-edits, and they feel the best way to humiliate you is to see you nude.
I say some of them may be homosexual and inclined and some may not.
Let me ask you why do you want to see somebody else naked and why do you want to see some other guy doing weird things with his rectum and his penis?
What are the thrills involved there for a homosexuality?
I find out to be honest with you. When I was the president of my fraternity, I didn't condone that action.
And I'm sure it went on behind my back.
But anything I did, I landed an educational year as well as fun involved in that.
But that's just, you know, that's the things the guys do.
The act of getting some patriotic humiliated you.
That's basically what that's about.
Okay.
Like running naked on the beach.
There you go.
Okay, thanks a lot, Pat.
You're welcome. Have a good day.
Say hi to a little sister.
You got it.
Okay. Well, there you go.
You had to read in between the lines in there, but a little sister.
They had a, you know, have a good head on their shoulders and work their way to the top.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60.
You don't understand it.
Just, you know, there's only certain chapters, you know, like chapter 5, 6, and 7.
And a 7 chapter book.
They don't call it homosexuality.
I didn't either.
We're talking about, again, see, you want to compartmentalize.
And I'm trying to tell you, again, you want to go back to that either or business.
And I don't know the thing.
Why, you finally off the ear yesterday admitted.
Finally, again, you've admitted it before, but then you regress.
I'm not going back.
I'm not going back.
But there are all these different steps that there are.
A million to millions of people who can do a wide variety of things who are very flexible.
Believe me when I tell you.
And the fact that some, and I tried to tell you a few weeks ago, the difference between a homosexual and a homosexual act.
The difference between a heterosexual and a heterosexual act.
There are many, many gay people who get married, as you know, who have heterosexual sex, who procreate, who make babies.
And more often than not, 99% of the time, it winds up in disaster.
So the fact that they're homosexual doesn't mean that they can't participate in a heterosexual act.
Let's do it again.
And by the way, you have to have a family.
Twenty Perkins ain't feeling good.
21 before a 1 at 5, 60 WQAM.
A million times for Neil Rodgers, he's in the his out.
I knew from the makers of Uncle Josh's fishing baits and K.Y. Brand personal lubricants.
It's master bait.
Tired of using and confusing and unreliable plastic fish and others are squirming disgusting live baits.
I'll see you in this build, mate.
Do those long hours in a boat with no bikes leave you feeling bored?
I'm all done by myself.
This you can't.
Then try new master bait.
Squeeze a little dab on your hook and in your palm and in no time you won't care if the fish are biting or not.
Oh yeah, I think it's a big one.
Yeah!
Master bait.
Order today and you'll receive a free 100% Terry Clawed Masterbait signature handheld and a complimentary issue of field and streams swimsuit addition.
Don't let the big one slip between your fingers again.
But if it does, who cares?
Master bait.
Available at Bass Pro Shop.
This is your wallet and the physics of Hollywood.
1245 at 560 WQM.
560.
We're going to have a good education here the last two days.
And if you haven't been in a fraternity, if you haven't been in one of those things, one of those gage clubs, you know what you're missing, baby.
It's kind of something to do with sex.
It's just the idea of humiliating somebody.
I mean, you know the fact that you just get a chance to take a peek at their privates and force them to stick a bunch of stuff in their...
I just...
Come on to that one of the perks.
How you spell that?
Here's the mobile and liberty city.
Hello.
Hello, Renille.
Yes, sir.
I listened to you a lot.
I'm one of your big fans and I would listen to this one about this a lot.
You know, I've seen this high school.
And from here and so many people, I'm kind of glad I didn't go to college because it's ridiculous.
I mean, why is there you have to get naked and show your love or whatever they say and they don't lie to each other?
You know, I'm not the smartest person in the world but yet Dr. Bell is...
But some of these things out here is these people's folded in tellers are educated, it's pathetic.
And I agree with you 100%.
If you have friends, you have friends.
Why should you have to show your body to be friends with someone?
I think it's absurd.
And why can't these people be most effective in their answers?
We all know what kind of friends those are.
We sure do, Neal.
But like I said, yeah, I listened to you a lot.
I'm old truck around Miami and I listen to you a lot and I enjoy your show every day.
At least you come out with the point and people always try and I have to true.
But I enjoy your show a lot.
That's one of the most dear.
I just wanted to say that to you.
And happy circus.
And have a good day.
All right.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T run.
That's right.
You don't have to be a rocket scientist.
You don't have to go to God damn college to figure out that these are a bunch of very, very juvenile, very embarrassing, very degrading, very humiliating, very silly activities for people.
18, 19, 20, and older to be participating in.
And of course, the things I was talking about with the hockey hazing yesterday isn't it interesting?
Isn't it very, very interesting that all of the older parts are always there too in their 40s and 50s and 60s?
What a wonderful opportunity for them to take part and participate and be one of the boys for the speak.
Here is the Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Like I said.
Nice try there, asshole.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T run.
That's fine.
Got a new routine now.
Is it working?
No.
No, what do you think working?
Is what do you think working?
Here's a mobile and crawl springs.
Hello.
Will you just ask you?
That guy?
That was Woody.
That was one of our chronic assholes that's trying to change his voice now and it ain't working.
He's a venture officer.
He doesn't even know it.
Right.
His look by moving but he can't get a more out of it or what a presented.
But anyway.
Cool.
The Spirry Port.
Carls Springs Wild Road University heading east.
They're hiding in the bushes up in the trees.
My wife was going to Balli's this morning mind in her own business.
Yeah.
The guy holds her over.
No, she don't have you stick her on your license plate.
She batted her eyelash a couple of times.
You'll let her go.
But they are pulling people over.
So let the world know.
Thank you, sir.
God bless you.
You're welcome.
And we'll pray for you and your wife.
Thank you.
Okay.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
By the way, the war on drugs on you cups out there.
You make me laugh.
All of it.
This law enforcement in America to joke most of it.
Dan, rather than there, I'm 60 minutes eight last night.
This thing about the Colombian drug lords and how the Americans about how we train all these Colombians.
By the way, the Colombians are good looking their ugly.
I guess I must have been lucky years ago and met a couple of real good Colombians.
Huh?
No, seriously, the Colombians are grotesque.
Tell you, a loom-faced Indian.
Oh, my God.
Don't, don't insult the Indians.
They don't want nothing to do with them.
That's what they are.
No, seriously, I understand that, but they're trying to deny it.
Not the Colombians, the Indians.
They don't want to be a so, Jesus.
What an ugly guy.
All these different things that we see from Bogotn all over Colombia.
And you see the soldiers and all these people.
God, they're grotesque.
They're unbelievable.
I must have met the only couple of good looking people from Colombia years ago and got this impression.
See, that's what stereotypes will do for you.
It's just like saying that, you know, Kurosawa is a toilet, even though it probably is.
It would be just like my coming on here talking about those scars.
There's an amstery about how they're all dealing with crack and rock and got the roster here.
And I haven't bathed in 10 months and about how they're an impediment to our enjoyment.
That would be a true thing to say.
So I'll say it again.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT.
See, the Caribbean, it's like, it's like kind of like the, if you look at the map,
kind of like North America, it had like a bed, a case of diarrhea,
and all these turds are floating around on there in the Caribbean.
That's what it is.
That's what all the island stuff is.
I'm with all due respect.
I mean, if you want to take it personally.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
I've got a little hazing story for you.
I don't want to tell you what fraternity it was.
I don't want to get into any trouble.
I went to a small school in the Carolina's called Wofford College.
Right.
If you ever heard of it.
I've heard of it.
Okay.
I was a freshman.
I was 18, young and stupid.
And the brothers took us out to the football field.
They said, meet us on the football field at midnight.
Now, is that NEAT US or?
I'm sorry.
Meet us in the football field now.
Meet us at the football field.
There was five of them.
Three of my best friends from Miami.
We did it before we went to school.
We met at the football field on that.
Yes.
There's five coolers that are opened up, filled to the top with ice.
Uh-huh.
And frozen hot dog.
One frozen hot dog meets cooler.
Uh-huh.
We get there.
We have no idea what they're going to have us do.
They call us to drop our shorts.
Of course.
I mean, that goes without saying, you know.
Can I say ASS on the radio?
No.
No.
You can say ASS, hold just don't get.
And your ASS.
They said, sit your butt, drop your pants.
Sit your butt on the ice.
Put your hands on the ice.
And we're going to freeze your butt for about 15 minutes.
Sit down.
Is this the one with the cheerier or the...
Okay.
That's your ease hot dogs, huh?
After 15 minutes of hot butt, totally numb and frozen.
They said take the hot dog, which was also frozen.
Right.
Insert it in your rectum and run the length of the football field.
You're not in the fraternity until you make it from one end zone side to the other end zone side.
And if it fell out, you had to go back and start over.
Oh my god.
And I look, I'm 35 years old right now.
I look back and I cannot believe I did something like that.
You did it.
That's disgusting.
Did it fall out?
It fell out.
I had to go back and start over.
Oh, I hate when that happened.
Yeah.
Oh no.
I hope some of my friends are listening right now that had to did the same thing.
Jesus Christ.
Pretty sick, huh?
Pathetic.
Yeah.
I've been...
He tried to tell people, especially with all the stuff going on these days,
keep those weenies out of your rectum.
I tell it all the time.
Yeah.
Well, that's the capper pal.
Thanks for your honor.
All right.
Take it easy.
Okay.
Some good...
A good shrink can help you get over it.
Okay.
Symbolism there.
No, not at all.
I mean, doesn't every red-hearted red-blooded American guy, a heterosexual, 100% heterosexual guy,
want to put a weenie in his rectum.
Correct him.
And run around a football field and it starts naked.
Yeah.
Only if my ass is in them.
Oh my god.
Yes.
I would say unbelievable, but very believable.
Typical.
Par for the course.
Oh, you know, boys will be boys.
They just have a little fun.
Yeah.
All seems to circle around the same jerk.
Here's a pinecrest.
Hello.
Oh, me.
Yes.
I was a little sister at the University of Miami.
And I was at this return.
Okay.
Here's a lady mobilin bouquet.
Hello.
Hi, me.
Yes, ma'am.
I want to talk about the sorority for turning the thing.
Okay.
I liked that last story though.
That was great.
Wasn't that the conjure up in great images in your mind?
It certainly did.
I was in the sorority.
We didn't really have a lot of nakedness going on.
But it was very based on p-mailination and, you know,
segregation and, you know, they make you call around on all fours
and bark like a dog.
Uh-huh.
Call you 30 names and all that sort of thing.
I don't know.
I think it's probably because women aren't comfortable enough
with their bodies to share that in front of other women.
Uh-huh.
At least in my sorority.
Damn it.
But, uh, and then one more story to add to that was married for nine years
and now I actually have a girlfriend.
So see, maybe there's something in there, I don't know.
How do you like that?
I love it.
Okay.
Life is good.
Got pictures.
Okay.
Have a great life sweetheart.
You too.
Bye-bye.
All right.
There's one of our lesbian listeners.
Let's go call Richard.
Do you remember that weeny?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I think, yeah, I think there's some great symbolism there involved in that weeny's through.
There are a lot of weeny's running around out there and not necessarily attached to anything,
including reality.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
A lot of me, oh.
Yes.
Hey, I got an idea for popular parts.
Yeah.
Okay, good.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Lake Worth.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
You know how a bino cook is called the Cardinal of College Football?
Yeah.
How's it sound?
Hank Goldberg.
Okay.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
By the way, Mandage had a scathing line there on Monday on you know I'm kippin' Oless when
he talked about Hank's a terminally boring guest and the bragged about the fact that bino cook
would never appear on a show when Mandage was on her.
Yeah.
I thought that was pretty assimilating.
I was going there, my dog.
Yeah, bino cook rhymes with snook.
That's all I got.
I mean, no, kill some good time.
I don't play my hand.
I don't play anything with kill some good time.
Anything somebody will pay for like that Kevin Donnelly hour yesterday which they had to
move up till 2 to 3 which was like I took that personally by the way.
I took that at great offense because I like listening to Hank on the way homeward nearly.
But when they stick those things, move them up there in the 2 to 3 hour because they got a
car that had a Marlin garbage.
Oh, I take that as a personal slap in my purse.
And like I said, technically we were having a disaster there for several minutes.
And I was like, oh, you couldn't understand it.
We're anybody was saying.
And the commerce, you know, rambling right along, nothing interferes with their agenda.
Those sports nerds.
What do you think about the Broncos?
They stink.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Actually, this is evolved very slowly.
We've been a very agonizing process these last few days.
But we're making progress because every other time I brought this stuff up in the past,
it would just drop.
I mean, like a pregnant pole voter drop right to the ground.
Never, I mean, they wouldn't touch it.
But now we're even advancing the point where we got that weenie in the rectum story that was
assimilating right right in the middle of a lunch hour and OLS.
Wonderful.
It was an Oscar Meyer by the should have asked him that.
Or maybe he got it from Wayne Arnold.
Maybe it was from Rocher.
Maybe it was where was he said, oh, I thought I might have been a Rochester.
It might have been one of those white hats.
Let's hope it wasn't a ballpark crank.
I hope, like I said, it might have been one of those white hats.
Four minutes before one at 560 WQM Poppup bus.
Yo, yo, yo, it's the one to two hour.
Yeah, boy.
You put yours.
That's what it is now.
You take yours.
That's what it's out.
You do.
The whole kid's okay.
Then she's just all of us out.
He's up to two pieces.
That makes you look like you're insane.
If you ever catch me doing it and here is my way.
Put a bullet in my brain.
What's your right body?
Do it the whole kid's okay.
All right.
Do it the whole kid's okay.
Do it the whole kid's okay.
Do it the whole kid's okay.
Do it the whole kid's okay.
Do it the whole kid's okay.
Do it the whole kid's okay.
Do it the whole kid's okay.
Okay, why is that going down there?
To get a big big hug and a big kiss.
My good post-personal French vote, Griffin.
See, I'm going to get real close with her because she's on everywhere.
I forgot.
She's also the entertainment lady for Channel 6 News.
I saw her on her last night, which I never watched.
But I happen to be channel surfing just at the right moment.
And there she was again.
I told her, you're on every goddamn station on my TV.
And I'm just watching the much music here.
There she is again.
Eat your heart out, Polly.
Oh, you know who we haven't seen.
Oh, don't even say it.
In days.
Be your lover.
Oh, thank God.
I wonder if you like to make it a big comeback.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Nobody cares about John Henry.
No.
And his stupid ballpark.
In fact, those pictures on the paper, you see one thing it brings to mind is John Henry saying.
Yeah, you just look at it and you hear it coming out of his mouth.
Especially if you saw that butt-sucking piece that Jay Randolph did with him on Wamy on it.
Marlon Half Hour, we can go Saturday.
Just unbelievable.
He had his tongue all over body parts that are illegal and proud.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil God.
I was at the game last night.
Now, this is a class.
You know the picture in the paper with John Henry?
Yeah.
I was setting up about 20 rows from that gentleman.
I got escorted down also.
But the kick is the eighth inning.
The security card comes up to me.
Yeah.
Tells me that if I don't go back to my original seat, that I will pay the difference for the ticketer.
Oh, you got to be kidding me.
Or he's going to escort me out.
So he didn't know that this is a promotion that Henry was running.
Right.
That's therefore so I just decided to go ahead and call it quits after that.
Any ice?
Yeah.
On the table with a nice good taste in your pose.
Now on the hazing, I went to baseball camp in Miller, Missouri.
Yeah.
I was young about four years old, younger than the other kids that were there.
And they tied me to a bench.
Duck taped me.
Everything but with no shorts.
Had my shirt on so it looked like actually I was dressed.
Right.
I could see.
Then they sprinkled bread all around.
And a bird seat on my genitals.
Uh-huh.
And after that was done, it looked like something out of the Alpharish Cog movie.
Anyway, good thing Tippy, headroom wasn't around.
That's all I got.
Let's get that bridge tenter going.
Thanks.
Yeah, sure.
He just can't control himself.
Oh, listen to that.
Stop it, idiotic.
Yeah, that's my fault.
5.670, 5.60, pound 5.60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Everybody in a fraternity, I guess all the stories that you write revolve around your penis and around your rectum.
That's what it's all about.
Marshmallows, hot dogs, birdseed, bread crumbs, cherries.
Cherries.
Here's the lady mobile at home, said hello.
Hi, me, O's.
Can you tell me through that end of the end of the bridge tenter?
Yeah.
He's making progress though.
He saved it to the very end of the day.
Yeah, he just stood there nice and softly.
Yeah.
He can just softly have my whole family and extended family singing, licking, licking the loco.
And they don't even listen to you.
Good.
But they saved that way.
I'll bet.
The other thing was it puts, what does it put?
I forgot it.
Can you make the card?
OK.
5.670, 5.60, pound 5.60 on the AT&T wireless line.
I'm going to have a little bit of that bad jungle juice this morning.
It's starting to have an effect.
I want her brain used to be.
Let's go to Kendall.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I got a story for you.
I was in a fraternity in USS and Tampa.
Yeah.
And the one disgusting thing we have to do is, you know, that's a Zooka bubblegum.
Right.
Each one of us had two pieces in front of us.
There's a line of about 30 of us in the pledge class.
The first guy has to take the two pieces, put it in his mouth and chew it,
and pass it to the next guy without using his hands, just passing it, you know, mouth to mouth.
Stick it in his mouth, yeah.
That guy has to chew it, and then take his two pieces to and pass.
And the last guy had 60 pieces of gum in his mouth.
Right.
And everybody else had an air mouth.
They didn't have to pass it all the way back.
Talk about disgusting.
Yeah.
But thank God there wasn't anything faggy about that.
Yeah.
But actually they did reward us afterwards.
They went to a place called Monsvenus up there in Tampa.
Right.
And they got a six-night young lady brought it back to the house.
Got to fall drunk in our underwear.
Uh-huh.
And let the ladies dance around for us.
And when any one of us had a little rise to the occasion, we got jumped over the head with ice.
That's about it now.
Okay, thanks.
Thanks.
Okay, there you go.
As in, can we watch?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
You put all these stories together.
Make no mistake about it.
I mean, you can deny you can be as pissed off about as you want.
You put all of it together.
What do you got?
That's a great club you wore on.
Is there any doubt at all?
No.
No.
Just amazing.
Just shocking.
Even I'm astonished at some of this crap.
And I think I've seen just about everything.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Davey.
Hello.
Davey.
Hey.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
Front page of the Herald Island.
I just turned you on.
I don't know if you went over this already, but that picture is pretty funny.
Yeah, the Herald Island.
And the Sun Sentinel both.
I know.
How do you like that?
So, but also on the front of the Herald is Broward Schools Enrollment Spurt.
Right.
In three years.
Right.
That's right about how many more kids we got.
How desperately we need schools.
And then the same thing they're trying to do this PR thing about.
Oh, here's John Henry acting as Usher and taking 90 people who got there and being such a nice guy.
And sticking them down there in the front seat.
And if he would have had a dome stadium, they could have had a whole bunch of people there.
I got a five-year-old in a brand new elementary school.
She got 30 kids in a class, one teacher.
Right.
Unacceptable.
So, what I think we should do is build the stadium, though, because apparently nobody wants to come to these privately financed arenas here.
Henry does look funny, though.
He looks like he's pointing at you trying to show these people the way out the door.
It's pathetic.
Hey, great show.
Okay, pal.
See you.
You're getting, in fact, you look at the look on his face, John Henry.
You can just hear him saying, I must be crazy.
I must be nuts.
Exactly.
And so must these a handful of people that are sitting there in the wind in the rain.
And you're crappy.
You make believe sporting event.
Oh, we won both games.
Oh, congratulations against another girls team.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
We got 600, 700 open lines here.
4-hank over coming up at 2.
Which I sure hope Hank don't get upset about the audio that happened yesterday.
I shouldn't even mention that.
He probably didn't even know about it.
About the mess up on the audio in the first hour yesterday.
Well, it's obvious that he couldn't hear it because he was just plotting right along.
Sounded like the end of the world.
Good sound.
It's just like QAM.
I'd win in my mouth once.
Right, Tom.
Everybody.
Good-hat.
I know a way to keep your hands free.
In public calling it with your all food.
Kick up your leg.
And flush with your shoe.
And be food flush.
Be food flush.
Be food flush.
Be food flush.
Be food flush.
Be food flush.
Be food flush.
Be food flush.
Hank, can you see that this is easy?
Hey, something's got your heart at least.
This is your want to get the grabs on.
Hey, just use your foot and you'll be crying to say.
Be food flush.
Oh.
Food flush.
Oh.
Food flush.
Be food flush.
Be food flush.
Be food flush.
Let me go, you.
Stop.
Stop.
Hey.
Be food flush.
Watch your hands, the fog is rich.
Or watch your mouth when it's up by the mud.
You win in my way to be food flush.
Just use your food.
Where's that thought you've heard?
Be food flush.
Be food flush.
Be food flush.
Be food flush.
Be food flush.
Be food flush.
And I'll back up.
Be food flush.
I got 20 years today.
They only put washers, you're about to put things.
Okay, not full of anybody.
This one's the guys that have to wash their hands after they take a leak.
12, 151, 15 already. Look at that, man. We're moving along, singing a song.
Here's a great fact, which I'm not going to read the whole thing, it's a little bit too long.
But it makes a very good point about all this fraternity hazing and initiation rights
and all these grotesque, unacceptable things that young people are forced to do.
It says, people are terrified by shame.
As children, shame is used to control them.
Many college kids are still children, and it's used to control them in the same way.
Very good point.
And also, Rosani says, I worry about the bond, the fraternities and families are forming similar.
It's abuse, plain, and similar has to stop.
They talk about the kids doing these grotesque things in schools and shootings,
and in some case, their kids who have been shamed and cracked.
Now, wonder, how come it is?
There were always, always hearing and reading about kids who have been molested,
and kids have been subjected to all these horrendous hazing-like-the-hockey-yugs,
and the first book that I read, these terrible things that they were forced to do
and about the psychological trauma that they carry with them in the rest of their lives,
and they're seeing shrinks in this and that.
But we never hear about that in regard to fraternities and fraternity hazing.
Why is that? They're protected.
You think that maybe because...
That's the American f**king way.
That might be part of it.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello?
Hello? Yes, sir.
Yeah. Two things.
I just came off coffee, 836,
and the line for the toll is over a mile long.
Thank you, Mayor Pinguita.
Yeah, why is that? What is that all about?
He's obviously told us, he's told us like just to take their time.
Well, what do you mean he's told us? It's too late now.
There's not any more elections that's the end of that. Well, what's the point?
Well, forget to have...
I used to be in a club in Chicago in the 60s.
Well, you used to have hazing initiations.
There was nothing that would take them off your clothes.
We would go down to the beach, but by leg Michigan,
they would...
Inundate you with Chris Goe and with flour and with motor oil and all this crap.
You go onto the lake, you wash yourself off.
It didn't come off. They were going to say,
you're going to go to the lake, a little wash off.
Now you tell me that you were fully clothed when they put all this stuff on you?
No, you were bathing suit.
You want to work clothes too, but you just weren't bathing suit.
You didn't want to ruin your clothes.
But there's nothing to do with nakedness or none of this stuff.
And it was just an initiation into a group of both guys.
A few old guys who just wanted to rub a bunch of Chris Goe all over your body.
Not as they'd rub it on you, but it was...
They didn't rub it on yourself, is that it?
They would slather it on you.
They would slather it on you.
Okay, thanks, sir.
You know the time he's rationalized all of this in his mind?
That's good. That's very good.
Very good job, sir.
Nothing gay about oiling guys.
No, no, he's put it in such a way.
They just slathered it on your body.
They just slathered it on on your body.
Touchy-feely, grabby, smear you with this and whatever.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Pembert Pines. Hello.
Yes, sir.
Listen, I got two things for you.
First, it's the Kevin Donnelly segment the other day.
Yes.
I want to know...
Maybe you can answer this question.
Why is it that if you say two words, come out of your mouth.
Yesterday I called and I said, yeah, about the two interceptions about the Dan Marino click.
Yeah.
What is foot this guy that you cannot say anything except I love Dan Marino.
And nobody wants to hear him.
Well, what kind of...
That's our whole radio station.
This is a Dan Marino Federation Society.
I mean, they think this guy is...
I want you to try to call a little dog.
Call Joe Roestomar and knock Dan Marino and he'll say this brother-in-law right to your house and knock the crap out.
That's right.
I mean, they think this guy is going to be 85 years old and he'll wheel-cheer up and throw in a boy.
He's going to play forever. Don't you understand that?
That's unbelievable.
You had to get with it, man.
Last night, I want...
I don't know if it was State Larian who's one of these magazines on TV.
A kid, parents went away.
Yeah.
And his mouth was just watering to have a party once they left.
Right.
Okay, he had a nice wild party.
I don't know if it was wild or not.
He just said he had a party and the neighbors called the police.
The police came in and they found about a half-bounds of lambsabray inside his bedroom.
How?
That's a what?
Well, it's real good weed.
Oh.
And the kid, about two or three days later, was expelled from school.
Oh, he saw that.
I saw the same piece.
That was in...
Where the hell was that?
I saw the piece and I was just a guest.
I said, what the hell was that?
This was before he even had any criminal proceedings.
He was charged with possession of marijuana and he hadn't even had a trial yet.
He expelled him from school and the rationale from the school was,
well, we have to have control.
You know, after all these terrible things happening in the school.
So kids don't even have due process anymore.
And forget about the fact that all he had was a little weed.
How do you like that?
Only in America.
Exactly.
Okay, pal.
Oh.
I'm so glad he forgot about that.
He hadn't even gone to trial.
He had been convicted of nothing.
And the school, first they suspended him and then they said,
oh, that's good.
Not good enough.
We'll expel you.
We'll kick your ass out.
Because you had a little weed.
Not like he had a pound.
Not like he had eight ounces and a half a pound.
He had like a very small amount.
And this is what goes on in America.
Just unbelievable, the kind of hysteria that goes on,
the kind of band-aid approach to solving real problems.
Let's just kick every kid out if he does anything.
And especially the wicked weed because we know that's where all our problems lie.
Is right inside your joint.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18.
And you wonder and that nerd that sent me the hate letter that I talked about that I brought out the closet also yesterday,
which called right off the bat.
Screw you and me, a lot of kids who still listening right now.
You can go to the back on it and tell me about how there's too much drugs and Amsterdam.
And then last night you combined that with the piece on 60 minutes, too, with Dan Rather,
who was slathering at the foaming at the mouth at the end of that piece about what I wasted the time and money.
And I remember it was a human life toss that in there, too.
And they show all the bodies of these dead guys, these dead Colombians who were doing this big deal fighting the median cartel.
And this one and that one.
And then the bottom line is it's worst now that it was before.
Drugs, if you want to deal with it as a problem, deal with it as a health problem.
Like they do in all civilized countries except the freaking United States.
Not a criminal problem.
This country has got more excuses to throw people's ass in jail than any other supposedly civilized country in the whole world.
That's why we got more people in jail than any other country.
Civilized or not in the whole freaking world.
Here's a mobile in Parkland. Hello.
Any oil, how are you?
Pretty good, sir.
Hey, I just came from the sawgrass out there where they have the O.S. in all those restaurants.
Now that's how you're supposed to build a stadium with some restaurants around a hotel.
Right.
Have you been out there?
Yeah, I haven't seen the new stuff.
Oh, man.
I look right out there.
They got the Girodali Square chocolate place and got the cheesecake factory.
They got the hard rock.
Yeah, that's the seafood joint.
Yeah.
The legal seafood.
I mean, that's like within walking distance of the arena.
That's going to be great out there.
Right.
Well, yeah, but don't forget. You're forgetting one thing.
It was already a real good area to begin with.
They just built it up some more.
It was an area that was expanding like crazy.
Exactly.
And they took advantage of all that land and they built it up more than it was.
It's not like taking downtown for a lot of the oil, which is a toilet,
and trying to like, you know, have a whole lot of...
You're wearing an acre of drugs, you know?
There's more, the new acre of drugs that they're building.
It's pretty standing-hacker drugs.
Those are bigger than where they want to put the new baseball stadium.
Right.
I hate acre drugs.
Have a great day, pal.
See you at the sawgrass.
We love you, panther.
Da-da-da-da.
Had a boy, Robbie, I told you, don't open up your mouth in the newspaper anymore
about stepping up.
He says yesterday again,
oh, we got to step up and win an exhibition game because, you know,
you got to get in the winning habit.
Time for guys to step up and get a stupid major penalty at the end of the game.
And, you know,
slash some young kid on the other team and draw a lot of blood
and get a five minute major.
And watch the worst team in the league.
The worst team by far tied the game.
And then go ahead and score the empty net goal at the end.
While Robbie's cooling his ass off in the penalty box.
Nice call on Robbie.
Nice job of stepping up again, sweetheart.
Oh!
Pathetic.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Lantana.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got a little fraternity story for you.
Okay.
When I was in college, you know, in our school newspaper,
there was a debate on the merits of fraternity, you know,
four of them and against them.
And one of the arguments in favor of them was that,
over half of the members of the US Congress, at one time or another,
were part of the college fraternity.
What does that tell you?
Well, I did a little research.
I tracked down the source of that.
And those members that were in fraternities by far the majority of more Republicans,
just so you'll know.
But I get that sort of a bit more.
Yeah, those were the territories.
Newty, yeah.
Yeah.
Anyway, I got money.
Right.
Another thing I want to ask you,
did you get that game show network on your satellite provider?
Sure.
You know, I was reading an article on...
Don't mention Dorothy Killjalland, a vocal Brian will lose it.
No, no, no, no, no.
I'm thinking more like Kitty Carlisle.
Yeah, same same John, right?
Well, I thought Jitka had a great Q&A in his column a few weeks ago
about the debtor alive, you know, the celebrity game show people from the 60s.
Right.
I don't know if you got a chance to read it,
but I sent him a follow-up a couple weeks ago.
What is it off the Nipsey Russell and the Gene Rayburn?
And if any of those guys got checked out yet.
No, Gene Rayburn's still alive.
Really?
Yeah.
I thought the Nipsey Russell was he kicked the bucket debtors?
I don't know, that's a good question.
I sure hope so.
Jeff Edwards.
Jeff Edwards.
You know, he used to work at the J&O West Palm Beach.
He got canned up there.
Yeah.
It was just a four, it was just a four on Treasury Hunter after.
He was also on jackpot, remember that show?
He always heard that the leather jacket,
that stupid, real cheap leather jacket.
Yeah, yeah.
Why that Chuck Baylorist, he might still be alive.
He might be in the same place as Alan Burke, I think.
What do you think?
Thanks, Tom.
Well, he works with the fishes.
How about Alan Corking?
Oh, yeah, he's a long dead.
All right.
I have a great day.
See ya.
Okay, let's talk about dead people.
Ow!
What a hell not.
It's not Florida, fits in perfect.
We got a lot of them walking around out there.
26 after 1 at 5, 60 WQM.
Maybe we need to find out about Nipsey Russell.
Remember Nipsey Russell?
Parts in?
Oh, yeah.
Not too funny.
Which is why he was on a game show.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
Absolutely good job.
Check it out.
Check it out.
Check it out.
Check it out.
Check it out.
Check it out.
Check it out.
Check it out.
Check it out.
Check the out.
Expected yourself.
Expected myself.
Expected myself.
Expected myself!
Well, that's not a condim, I see there...
right a carry video where there's the old lady on the toilet she opens up the
door well which one what is this
what's the joke hardy October's only indeed
all right so anyway so there's the Mariah Carey video where she opens up the
door and the old lady sitting in the toilet so I just saw the new a blink 180
two video they just showed on mpv here you know blink 180 two run around naked
but really I have a lot of clothes on because they're all ugly why is it that
it's always the ugly people that run around naked you know I'll piss you off
oh god but anyway so their new video is called all the small things and
believe me they are there's a scene in there where one of the guys is sitting
on the crapper so this evidently is the new trend in videos is people not
not you know people sitting on a crapper I was gonna say not good looking
people on the crapper but who the hell you want to see good looking people on
the crapper what is that what do you are screwing around for now what is
that my blink 180 two city oh we don't need to hear them I was gonna have
back on they suck they're great they're they're not great they're
pack your music is marginal and they are really ugly and ought to have
clothes on maybe a say a fraternity thing maybe it's a hazing thing in fact I
don't just blink I just keep my eyes shut until the whole thing is over with
yeah go ahead that's enough here's a four-letter deal hello hello yes sir
that's a bunker mill how you doing good hey I got a funny drug cover up story it
was I was going to high school at Hollywood Hills yeah and like the first two
years I didn't smoke any pot and that when I was in the 11th grade I started
smoking a little weed doing a little acid whatever and I'm doing a little
acid yeah and it got out to like the the superintendent and what happened was
they I had a Jeep when I was in the 11th grade or 12th grade and they put a
little roach inside they want to they want me they kept taking me the office
and telling me you know that I'm getting bad and everything so they put a
roach inside my ass tray and I was in class one day and these two cops came
the class and they they told me they're like they're like we need to speak to
George George and they took me out to my car and they're searching my vehicle
like you know like they can't find anything at first and then lo and behold and
then the ass tray was this dramatic roach exactly and we're going around we're
about to leave and the guy goes the cop goes oh yeah we have to search one more
spot so they pull out the ass tray and I go oh look who we have here yeah what
is the prize yeah they totally framed me and they like they like they said they
arrested me but they didn't take me and they said you're under arrest but you
know they did they didn't make me find any papers or anything and they all my
parents but then what did they do that was it I had to do like some kind of
uh... uh... community service no i can't say yeah yeah i like that so i just
like why so the lady i was like yeah you know i smoke weed so up i think the
counseling would be make sure your car is a lot better next time right exactly
uh... uh... yeah about this a marino guy man this guy can be playing till he's
in a walk 110 yeah he's gonna be in the hole in a wheelchair 110 because the
people are a qm demanded the doll fans demanded yeah he's ruining that team
that's the only thing they need for the super bowl get rid of him okay pal
we want to think you know and you know it's your still on if you would have said
that any other show on the station you do the
uh...
go ahead or is he coming back
i heard he was coming back coming back somewhere but if he's coming back on
here on this uh... market it's a real secret he shows been syndicated like a
week from today and we can't get any answers about it
like that are you sure positive
but i'll keep you posted alright thanks about
you
you all you kids out there to smoke and wicked weed okay just take a look at
the kid that got expelled from that school where the hell it was
we talk and remember where it was was that was it in texas some yahu place
which figures
and they had the principal on there in all these other assholes oh yeah but you
know we can't we have to have a no tolerance policy and uh... you know
no hanky pankey
or what a bunch of crap
how about if you would have smoked a goddamn cigarette a bag of the goddamn
marlboro
how about it i'll tell you one thing that would have gotten kicked out what if he
spoke one of those test or fields
tight little
island full of gay romance
they wear gay sandals and they wear tight pants
all of them
and then talk about them every day
that's with the miracle of being gay
the very best of baggots in the u.s.a. giving big big pleasure and a big big
way
the very best of baggots in the u.s.a. giving big big pleasure and a big big way
yes
behind the big question just a field clean you choice of the fact of America
i must be psychic because right now an mtv there is
mariah kerry video the only the old bag on the toilet
which i can't stand mariah kerry by the way she makes me want to like
uh...
you know she reminds me of what you would know
but the uh... michelle the new michelle i'm guiding light the young uh...
grotesque looking uh...
twerp
that's who she reminds me of only michelle that one gigantic breast
twenty two before two at five sixty wqm hank over go be here at two call a
plankton to the den marino sucks okay and see how long you're on the air
let's give it a shot
this is the new ranger so
uh...
this is your brain
any question
yeah
we did
like this is the same
like the sister
but we
must tell you
we swear we're not gay if you were
these outfits
the clothes
they will take your hand
we got length
we swear we're not gay
we look like
we're these outfits
we sing like a bunch of thirty-five
our age says we got to say
we swear we're not gay
our biggest fans are 12 year old girls
who think we're as cute as we be
yeah
as they get older they all figure out
we're hiding our late ten seats
one thing is for sure we get
many kids
we do
we do
wash our clothes
wash our clothes
the delicate side
don't want to steal the
session with your fire
go
bus is gay
we think that we should
bear the same
we say we're not gay
I swear we're not gay
I have a cool
scent
he has a stud
he has a stud
he has a stud
ogle
the day he's still alive
food
Yo
military village doing jewish humor for the old part of the military village
doing jujokes
how the uh... might be a fallen
here's a mobile in hollywood hello
yes sir
comment to make about that sixty minutes programm last night
drug intervention
uh... it just seems kind of strange that the president columbia half of the
billion washington right now lobbying for a billion dollars from president
clinton
stop the flow of illegal drugs
uh...
also uh...
what we know it's all going to go for a good cause
not for the drugs but for what may be for drugs for the president
uh... or both president
if i remember correctly this is the way we began yet
by sending troops into another country for different reasons of course
yeah
but uh... we're training we're training these uh... columbian people
right
fight against these uh... drug carburetica going on for fifty years though
well for the other thing is you have to look at it from the drug dealer
standpoint if uh...
if he's making hundreds of million dollars a year selling growing and
processing illegal drugs he does on
i think he would move to another country if it gets too bad
so you're not really going to accomplish a whole lot
it's not a whole thing the whole thing is a far as far as i've got to
of course it is it's it's just it's an excellent
flushing it down the crap right exactly could have said a better thank you sir
and have a great day
yeah you know here we are in a country right here in south Florida but all of
the country kids with crappy schools can't get enough text both can't get
you know kids going to portable schools all kinds of garbage crappy education
system uh... like the article that i read before said we got kids without medical
insurance
the article by max castrow in the paper this morning a year old
but we got the limit we just like he said flushing it down to like it's
come out of a faucet somewhere
like it's coming out of a fair faucet
for crap
air-been dollar that spent the fight drugs in america is a dollar that it's
like taking out and having a bonfire
like when steve dog burn all the disco record to kimmy ski park
same thing
let's just let's just all gather at pp park and burn a billion dollars okay
and have the same impact we're having a little so-called war on drugs
here's west tom beach hello
well you yes sir
uh... long time listener uh... second time caller
right and smoker marijuana for twelve years and i'm not bad damn thing wrong
that's right haven't killed anybody yet
no and never will right
and uh... i think i don't know
all this crap going on about arrested people got friends of mine in jail for
five years for for a pound of weed
and we got guys walking a street for attempted murder only served to
right exactly you know this you know
this is this bull shot man it's not not right
so it's not just a man as a fascist god damn
we're living this is a run this cut this under one this country like the
god damn to staph ome and a police that that's right
you know i'm all i know a
i'll see you both at the passport office okay
i remember
all here's a guy who they won't let in the passport office because they used to
you know they're nervous about people are in the past the complexion
what have you been lately not that i'm complaining but
well i'm fine fine sick a little
pound five sixty doesn't work for me anymore myself
why that you have mobile one
i have no self-knowbility
all i see
and i want to know what that have ever worked unless you were doing it through mobile
it always works before
they always work before it doesn't work now
yet exactly we don't know about that maybe that's why i'm
squeezing for calls here we got to do this up and going on between the mobile
one thing and it's there's something going on here man
yeah that's exactly it that's not my building we were always able to call
on pound five six yeah but that had to do with mobile one that's why we get that's
exactly what it was it was coming by way of mobile one another bell south and mobile one
of gondership or ways now we got about two million people out there that can't
call us and we're sitting there we don't even know about it how do you like that
well you need to get a god damn one eight hundred number for the rest of
all no kidding i need to get a phone here that works in an eight hundred number
and i'm screaming in the other and my lawyer my my great attorney is busy going
yeah right everybody about what a great guy he is yeah normal
normal can't he's such a sloppy eater whatever the question is the answer is
normal can't let me ask you question you and i have known each other for what about
20 years too long well i'd like to get a little closer to you no
thing i thought maybe we'd hang out on south beach and eat poodle stool together
yeah right that that call gets today was that great
i think i have to play that every day that's going to take over for rostad
you that's going to take over for bridge tender got them all beat
but when i was at rath o'colds i couldn't go forward to go to
private university so went to bcc and me and a bunch of buddies went to join great
in serving class by the way bcc we went to join is it cheek
ck or something like that you're asking me i don't know well we we checked into it
and let me tell you what it was obviously you're a geek that's you if that's what you're
doing man it was perfect for you
