4th radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Roger Show.
To talk to Neil called 5600 560 cold-free, rededed rarer or pound 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of no-
TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV
TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TV TVTV
Virtually I got it we went yesterday from the pot where you could like crank it all the way down
And it was still loud and today I got it all the way up and
Tell you really sucks, but anyway, we don't want to dwell on that the a Dow made 10,000 this morning
Oh, and it's underneath it again
People on CNN I'm gonna tell you something. I don't want to you know pee on your parade
We all got money in the stock market anybody. It's got more than ten bucks to their name is got something
They got mutual funds. They got stock they got something we all got sucked into this big
Gamble this big charade like you know some idiots out there got sucked into one of their phony fight
See I don't understand it's like somebody goes to the racetrack and they bet some money on a race there
Oh gee that race look fixed
Yeah
Same thing with these boxing idiots, you know it's like going to a professional wrestling. Oh, I think this thing is rigged and
What's the point?
You know that business about a sucker is born every minute
They just keep coming back and coming back come on punish me with me beat me, etc
But getting back to the stock market which by the way, let's see all look at that Wow 65 points away how the mighty have fallen
15 minutes ago they were like Maria Bartiromo was jumping up and down on CNBC and CNN
Would you like even hyperventilating 100 times worse major breaking news, you know, it's just an artificial number
But it's that pack mentality the psychology of it, you know we broke through 10,000
Oh my god, this guy isn't falling after all
I don't make it a fortune aren't we are we getting rich? No
Because we get sucked in by and like I said yesterday everybody's an expert
This one tells you it's a bull market and the other way. It's a bear market and the other one well
We don't really know it's all about to bull what it is crap
Because nobody really knows
And yes some people got lucky and some people got some good inside information some people got some bad inside information
But so watch the way these people were hyperventilating this morning and there's tear there's throwing paper there throwing
Confetti around there like like we did like we do years eve
And guess what now we're 67 points away and dropping like a rock. I hate to break the news to you
But it anyway. It's only cash boys and girls. It's only money. Yeah, what what happened in here from yesterday to today with the overhead?
I don't know sucks
From one extreme to the other but nevertheless it's the QAMF and way baby. We don't want to start complaining technical
Well, I got about 35 million things today and thank God for that because after yesterday with this oh brother with this crowd
Guess what I got in the mail at home yesterday my Florida Panthers playoff tickets in boys. No. Yes
It's right
They want
$1,200 and five bucks is what they want
$1,080 for playoff rounds one and two and 120 bucks for a playoff part
What do I care that you reimburse me here anyway? What do I give a crap if I wait long enough?
But it's just the idea see what I want you to understand this is for all the season ticket holders
Now we still got about what 16 17 games left in a regular season something like that and
It's a very good chance that this team is not going to make the playoffs
Very good chance especially if Pavel Burrito come back very soon and the rumor around the league is he ain't coming back to
Through the rest of the season he's out for the year. That's the rumor not in this town
But around the rest of the league they're whispering. I guess what he ain't coming back this year
Which if and that's the case it's gonna be real tough
So so stop and think about this you don't get refunds on your playoff tickets
You have to put the money up by a certain date which in this case they wanted by
What's the date that we want my money by March 26th? It's only like 10 days away
If you want to sew up those the playoff round one two tickets
And if they don't make it guess what happened they hold your money and they quitted it toward next year's bill for next year's tickets
How'd you like to have a scam going like that where you just basically hold on to people's money as long as you want and you're making the interest on it
I mean figure out we got about 16 17,000 season ticket holders
Times at least however much it is you know, and then there's sweet the sweets and the boxes
God only knows how much those bastards have to pay for the playoffs and they just kind of hang on to your money
So like I said the suckers born every minute and yes, I will be sending in the money because thank God they reimburse me from here
I found I came across in this book vulgar favors by Marine orth about the Conan in the story
Found one page for getting about Andrew Conan and Gianni Versace that ties into something we've talked about on this show many many times
And yeah, all these people in this audience who professed an ignorance of this you're looking for glory holds
This may give them a little bit more insight although it's really bizarre very strange
Wait till you're this
It says between the stalls in a men's room on one of San Diego's Navy bases is a waste high hole barely large enough to accommodate a man's
Finger
Lunchtime is the best time to visit it Steven Zeeland writes in the article killer Queen
Public in Seattle's game magazine the stranger
Holes like this are known as glory holes
In 1995 Zeeland says he told Jade Buckman about an especially beautiful man
He'd seen there three times turns out this guy was Jeff what was the name Jeff trail one the guys have couldn't kill
The guy was shy and only once briefly did he kneel down now listen to this and in accordance with the prevailing etiquette etiquette
Stick his penis under the stall
Most of the time we just watched either through the hole or took turns sticking our pinkies through it touching just barely the tips of each other's
Penises Zeeland learned to identify the man by the cartoon mouse tattooed on his ankle
But go let's go back to that one line again
In accordance with prevailing etiquette etiquette only once did he stick his penis under the stall now we've all been in
Public restrooms right
Now you know where the stall comes down to like what we just say a couple inches above the floor. Yeah, not more than a foot right. Oh less than that
How do you stick your penis under the stall
He got me
Man you're looking for glory hole. Whoo that is bizarre baby pretty good book though by the way pretty interesting if you're interested in that which I know none of you are
They stick their penis in accordance to etiquette now is that like Martha Stewart written about that or Amy Vanderbilt in the book of etiquette
That if you're good at like you know give a proper greeting at a glory hole you stick your
As in members only under the stall oh
Bad news by the way. It's an epidemic
Dead Superman another one
Kirk Allen never heard of
After Kirk Allen the dance you followed friend Red Scalton the Hollywood became films first Superman died after long illness
He was 88 that's old enough
Mr. Rowland died on Sunday in a hospital. There is home in the woodlands Texas just north of Houston
Superman the comic book here aboard in the depression already a captain's imagination of a generation of children in print and on radio
Well, Mr. Rowland agreed to play the part 1948 by the way
Bud Conier used to play a Superman on radio. Do you remember bud Conier from to tell the truth?
Huh?
He's dead. Let's see bud Conier's dead. He was Superman this guy Kirk Allen just died. He was Superman George Reeves played Superman
He's dead. Bloo is brains up and Christopher Reeve
Not dead
But have it kind of a tough time of it
So there you go. I guess the Superman wasn't quite so
Involvable as he all thought
You know about that Jimmy Olson don't you know what he was uh-huh
10 minutes after 10 at 5 60 in fact. He's probably looking for glory holes. Is he dead Jimmy Olson?
Huh?
The actor that played Jimmy Olson dead or alive there is your challenge for this morning boys and girls
Which I don't have no idea what her uh-uh. It's name was
Where you fudge back in?
Famous
We don't stop and go to the movies
This is sorry
Funny
Doesn't stand rechts
What's he doing Jackson
every time he jumps you can see his basketball
every time he's a great target
we're having to stop now
we're having to stop now
we're having to stop now
we're having to stop now
we're having to stop now
I'm going to have a class for example
what we were talking about
another asshole
oh yeah but he's going to help the team
we want him you know
same old crass
Dennis Rodman part of the scenery
that's what it says this morning
scum sentinel
panthers aren't the only professional athletes
at the Hard Rock Hotel in Casino in Vegas
Dennis Rodman, did he's Rodman
who left the Lakers base
supposedly because he had personal problems to take care of
maybe had gambling problems to take care
because he's plunging his brains out
in Las Vegas
a great old time
the NBA forward was seen out on the town several times
Sunday and Monday it is typically
flashy outfits looking like a real piece of crap
looking like a real asshole
and there you go
and I heard like about 30 seconds of that conversation this morning
about the panthers being in Vegas
and about you know what kind of a message that send
all the young kids on the team
and this and that who gives a crap
you know when you come right down to it
what differences are made?
let him go out there and have a good time
let Robbie need him or plunge away his lunch money
okay maybe he'll learn what hunger is really all about
what the hell does this amic
it's you know going out there and playing the game
it's a lack of talent that's the problem
and I'm still I still am amazed
that the team with this marginal personnel
without Paul Vellbury is really right around the 500 mark
and still very close only a point out of a playoff spot
so they ought to be kissing the ground
by the way speaking a kiss in the ground
Joe Costello was a good guy
but he had a very bad taste in sports
in fact Joe Costello really is in the sports fan
which is why he's going to be doing a new show on our station
starting this Saturday morning
let's hear it for Joe
I hope that his arm doesn't fall off before the show starts
do you see that thing yesterday
yesterday it was red today it's green
and his arm too
looks like a little gang green sent in
this Saturday motor sports Saturday
he'll be headed to the weekend schedule here on QA
and the show hosted by our own Joe Costello
famous for his track announcing
at Moroso Motorsports Park in West Palm
Beach it says
we'll air weekly at 6 am 6 to 7 o'clock
every Saturday morning just before
Divo and the tradeout show
the show will feature a weekly look at the Motorsports racing
world including NASCAR, CART, IRL
and HRA
as well as local Motorsports
see, and anybody care about that?
oh yeah millions of this is the most
popular sport in the world even bigger than golf
please join me in welcoming this new show
to the QA and lineup and wishing Joe success
on his new adventure it says
Duff Lindsay
by the way speaking of all of that
and the thing I read from the book about the glory holes
so I went down the hall to take a leak this morning
since we're now up on the third floor
and we now have new facilities up there
two big glory holes drilled in the
wooden partition between the stalls in there
any ideas on who drilled those?
uh-huh seriously
two enormous not one but two
big glory holes
drilled in the wall
here's a letter to the editor and the
Harold again now this one just to see
I'm tempted to go both ways on this letter
because we know that the hero basically
are a bunch of blue nose anti-semitic
assholes but as far as being racist
uh... they could be uh-huh I don't know
but I don't know about you but I'm just sick
and tired of this kind of crap just like on the front
page of the paper architect for arena
under fire for the new american
airlines micky arison uh... mayor penis arena
affirmative action violation is alleged
i can't stand the way i sound in this room
i just like to tell you how to
yesterday and today i feel like
instead of doing a show i feel like i'm doing an out of
body experience it feels like the show is going on
but i'm watching it from the outside like a ghost
because it just sounds like crap
but anyway
uh... the official the architect of the new american
airlines arena three contractors could be bonds from the job
and bar from doing business with mimey date
county for a year for allegedly violating
county's rules on affirmative action
in other words they didn't hire enough
supposed to grow drug Ace is what that means
I I you know and i i i i i i i i i i thought we were past that
i thought we were getting rid of that crap
that we have to have quotas and you have to hire
enough people regardless of uh... you know
whether you got an IQ larger than their penis size
or they could stick it underneath the styling the
ethereal
so i'm getting back to the letter to the editor
which is from Bradford brown second vice
President of the NAACP, Miami-Dade Branch, Opalaka.
Here's the letter, very short and sweet, and really makes my blood boil when I'm
re-crap like this.
I mean, see if my life was that empty, that shallow, or maybe that perfect, that this
is the only kind of stuff that I had to worry about, I'd say, yeah!
The perception that the Harold is insensitive to many of the concerns of the Black community
was enhanced recently by the coverage of the Grammy Awards.
The Harold ran a picture of Madonna, but not Lauren Hill.
The New York Times ran pictures of both.
End of letter to the editor.
From the local NAACP chapter in Opalaka.
Is that unbelievable?
Uh-huh.
Or what?
You're a bunch of racist because you ran a picture of Madonna and not Lauren Hill.
First of all, we all know Madonna, whether we like her, whether we can't stand her, whether
we think she can sing, whether she thinks she's a skank and a scumbag and smells bad,
whatever we think we know Madonna, everybody in the world.
Even people that wouldn't know the president wouldn't know their own parents, they know
Madonna.
Lauren Hill?
If Lauren, I mean, I know who she is, she's a hip-hop, a rap singer, okay?
Who won the grand, she was a bit, you know, I can't stand her because she bit out the
backdoor voice for the best new artist of the year in the Grammy.
But nevertheless, if she walked into the door right now, if that door swung open right
now, and that was Lauren Hill, would anybody in here recognize her?
Of course not.
Have no idea who else she was.
But it's racist again because you pay the, I mean, people looking for problems, people
looking to get pissed off, people walking around with a big, big chip on her shoulder.
And I'm sick and tired of it because it is the American F&W.
It's really, really old and tired.
By the way, speaking of old and tired, we're in our new studio as up here in the third
floor, which sound really bad near to me, by the way.
But nevertheless, so I walk out in here yesterday.
A few minutes after two.
Usually it's right at two, but we were trying to unscrew some of the stuff that screwed
up in here.
I walk out a few minutes after two.
And here, Sam, the sham has got a little office in there.
Our promotion, man.
And as I'm starting to take a couple of steps down the hall of the door, Mark, exit.
I hear, Neil, where are you going?
I said, home.
Oh, come on, I sit down for a minute.
And I kind of wandered over to the door when I gave me a whimsical, quizzical look.
I said, huh?
You said, yeah, come on, sit down for a couple of minutes.
I said, for what?
And he just looked at me like, and I started like, again, heading down.
I'm, where are you going?
I said, home.
And as I kind of waddled out of here and down the elevator, I was thinking to myself,
chuckling as I went down that elevator shaft, what in the world could I possibly talk to
that man about promoting this show?
I mean, that, that, you know, is a given.
We don't have any promotion on this radio station.
What in the world could I possibly talk to Sam the scam about in his little orifice
in there?
About the business?
No.
About life?
No.
About his girlfriend?
No.
About all the free tickets that he gets to all the events and concerts?
No.
But all the action he's getting in the QM sky box?
No.
No, nothing that's of any interest to me.
What could I possibly talk to that man about?
So I hope that this fascination with the fact that we're up here on this floor ends
real soon because the one good thing is that we got you just go straight around.
You follow the corridor right around to the right.
You make it out of, and you're right there at the door.
You slide along the wall there.
You're right at the elevator.
You're gone like a shot.
Just like a shot.
That's it.
So don't be bugging me anymore, Sam.
Okay?
I got nothing to say to you other than goodbye and have a nice day.
By the way, the market is down 22 points.
So now it's a long way from that euphoria of about 40 minutes ago when it crossed 10,000
and they were jumping up and down on TV like Rumpel Stiltskin.
Like they just all had multiple orgasms together.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Mobile in Miami.
Hey, I knew.
Our first call of the day, yes?
I knew.
Okay.
I got one story to tell you that I've been able to get out of my mind yet.
I worked for Miami Day Transit and Sunday.
We were at Berkel Station.
We were providing shuttle buses to the Kayao tree event.
Yes.
And also at the station, there were five police officers with T-shirt, multi gang unit agency.
And our group came in.
They all had money.
Yes.
Except for one girl.
She didn't have the $1.25 that gave inside the metro station.
So she was asking around people for the $1.25.
She was so high.
She couldn't be any more than 17, 18 years old.
And there was this muscular police officer, a real young.
He took her to his car.
He took a Polaroid camera and she lifted her dress up and he took about four pictures of
her hiding.
I couldn't believe that.
Correct him.
Yeah.
We don't need that.
That's incredible.
Yeah.
Okay.
Well, call us when you have your next one of these.
Okay.
We have another hot flash.
All right.
Okay.
Thank you.
560, 705, 60, 05, 60 on a mobile online.
Anybody else got any stories like that out there today?
Come on.
You can make some up.
That's what this audience is good at.
I mean, when you don't have a life, at least make one up.
Here's a pompano.
Hello.
Morning, Uncle Neil.
Go.
I report from the scum sent.
No, if you haven't seen it already.
Yeah.
This is a chronic.
Yes.
Republic, selling candle Toyota back to the original owners.
Really?
Yeah.
Not too bad.
We're done with them.
Yeah.
They lose.
Yeah.
Have a look at that.
That republic stock.
The market went up 82 points yesterday.
The republic is 13 and a quarter.
I think it closed that yesterday in the toilet.
Have a good one.
Okay.
Thank you.
Thanks for the good news, chronic.
560, 705, 60, 05, 60 on a mobile online.
Let's have a few phone calls on here.
Let's talk about white spider bites.
You know, today's thing is I got a sore breastbone.
You know, right here?
What?
I mean, not that sore, but a little sore.
I don't know from what?
From getting old.
Akes and pains.
How the hell do I know?
I'm not going to start panicking.
Every day I got something new and different.
My spider bites are healing up very nicely.
Look how nice that's coming along.
Now that that's that's taking care of.
Now I got a sore breastbone.
Probably for rough sex.
Probably from hot gay sex on the plane.
By the way, Hank, you're right about Delta.
They suck.
God, do they suck?
They're food sucks.
They can't take off on time.
They can't do anything right.
They haven't got a clue what they're doing.
When there was an airline that I used to really love was Delta Airlines years ago.
I mean, it's a long, distant memory now.
And now they are garbage, man.
They really blow.
But you know, you don't have much of a choice.
They got you coming and going.
That's one of the great things with the airlines.
They got you right by the short hairs because there's very...
Well, whatever happened to that national airline member,
there was supposed to start in January or February at the latest.
Non-stop direct flights from the Florida Dale and Miami to Vegas.
Anybody ever hear any more about that?
No.
No, not a word.
I don't get that.
There's more goddamn people that go from here to Vegas that love Vegas.
They just wish they had some action going on in their lives.
And you have to go through Atlanta, through Dallas.
You got to go through a big...
And then of course that Dallas airport, especially if you take a American.
Were you on that one trip with us?
Were we had to go get on that damn shuttle and go outside it?
Yeah.
It looks like if you're going around the whole border of the state of Texas,
which is the size of Alaska, by the way.
Jesus Christ takes you by the...
Thank God we had enough time to make the connection.
Still Roger's got.
Come along with me to blow up an abortion plan,
to kill another doctor who was murdered in the camp.
Think with a draw and have a bad attitude and grab a can of gas
and you can burn one down to abortion clinic, that is.
Ain't nothing like the smell and nurses on fire.
Now, if you drive a truck and wear a smelly hat
and own a village and use this welcome hat,
and after we make the clinic explode,
we'll go find a maker and drag them down the road.
We'll be proud you're from the South Boy,
double wide, Southern Fry.
Now if there should be a woman trapped inside,
we'll rape her in the ass and steal her first before she dies.
And paraphrase the Bible to Valorate,
Dave, our barbarism ignorance and seizing a...
All right!
Inbred that is, fire ups and garths looks too.
Now we are the Christian soldiers of God,
who like to wife our house with an old porn god.
And when we're not burning churches or clinics down,
we play our bandos in the trees with pieces in our mouth.
That's what Christians require,
right there in the old ground-eye.
1033 at 560 WQM,
by the way, is there a crossover between country music and NASCAR?
I mean, is it the...
You asked Bill Costello next time he pops his head in the Dwarf
and he likes country music.
What are you grinning about?
Pickin' and grinning, that's what that's all about.
Huh?
Dale Earnhardt is here.
All right!
In effect, I was watching the Hercunes play a hockey game last week.
I forget what Game of Wast.
And they had a much bigger than usual crowds,
and to usually have about 500 people in there
and Greensboro out in the middle of nowhere in Yenem'sville.
And they had a lot of people there,
and they were saying, oh yeah, Dale Earnhardt,
one of those, I don't know the names,
one of those good old boys.
He's here today as riding a Zamboni in between periods.
He's signing autographs.
All right!
So I think there's a big crossover between that auto racing
and country music.
How about your Garth Brooks likes auto racing a lot?
Here's our one call on the board.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay.
Listen, Neil, I just wanted to know something about Lauren Hill.
Yeah.
Technically, she's not a new artist.
She was a member of the Fouji.
She's a group called the Fouji's for about four and a half years.
Yeah.
So I don't see how she could have gotten a new artist, so Grammy.
Yeah.
And that's all I just wanted.
That's all I got, Neil.
Okay, thanks.
That's all the audience has today.
So I got more than one week to time.
Here's a compliment in this week.
Let's go on.
We're going on a rough day with the patrons.
One moment.
Here it is.
Here it is.
Something is here as well.
Oh, my God.
Holy Spirit, airline.
5.670560, 0560, 0560 in a mobile one.
So far, our experience, our second day in the new studios,
I would rate it as an unmitigated disaster, the worst.
You know something.
I finally figured out why my breathbone hurts.
You know what it is, huh?
We ended up against the counter.
Right.
Remember I mentioned that yesterday at the end of the show?
This is exactly where this what is.
I got wood on my chest.
Well, seriously, the wooden edge.
I mean, maybe if I was sitting in a height here,
how about it?
Could this chair raise up?
Because this is not going to fly.
I think it's up all the way.
How about the chair?
This is definitely not going to fly.
Sounds like crap in here.
My breathbone is aching.
I'm wondering.
In the last part, I go into bed.
I thought, what's that?
Something new and exciting.
I haven't had enough other aches and pains and insect bites.
And all kinds of crap going on in my life.
And then I realize right now I'm sitting here and I'm like
pressed up against the counter.
That's way the hell too high.
Way the hell too high.
How come they didn't have it like up to my neck would have been good?
Here's plantation.
Hello?
Hey, you need to go back to talk about Frankie Lyman, asshole.
Yeah, okay.
Thanks a lot, asshole.
Jackass.
Who's the drummer for Frankie Lyman, by the way?
Herde Hanck has today talking about Ringo Star.
Going out in Vegas didn't see the fight.
Nice going Hanck.
And when I had Ringo Star concert and about the top run grin.
By the way, the great song Todd Rungren Han was not the hello.
It's me with the nose.
It was I saw the light.
That was a great record.
Oh, I liked Todd Rungren.
Great.
And then he was talking about the guitarist for a cream was in this group with Ringo.
And I thought the guitarist for cream was Eric Clapton.
But what do I know?
You know, I could be wrong.
Huh?
Sunshine, your gloves.
And also the drummer from Bad Company.
And then some suck ass calls in.
Oh, you know, you're right.
The Ringo Star is really underrated as a drummer.
And I thought to myself.
First of all, like I said last week,
drummers are very rarely once in a great while a drummer.
And most people most of the time you don't even know who the drummer is.
Because the drummer almost always is the guy who is the least musically talented,
like Dennis Wilson in the Beach Boys.
Like Joey Reynolds in Erosmith.
Oh, by the way, speak it of Erosmith.
Finally, heavy, heavy duty.
Finally, after all this time,
I get a CD in the mail from my Columbia record club.
And no, I'm not giving it away and you can't have it.
That I actually want.
A little South of Sanity by Erosmith.
And I usually hate live concert albums.
I can't stand them.
But this one happens to be absolutely sensational.
I want to play that whole thing here today.
Five, and then this phone thing here in this new studio.
Something that could be the audience.
You never know in this town.
But there's something really rotten and Denmark with this crowd.
Maybe we're not capable of getting like more than one line at a time on there.
Is that what it is?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 50, 50, 50 on the mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Okay, great.
There we go.
That's the material our audience has this week.
Like I said, I love that new Erosmith album.
I'm going to play the whole goddamn thing beginning to end.
22 till 11.
This is the week in our...
See, this is what Miami does to you.
This is what working in this town will do to you.
We're supposed to be all excited.
We're moving off of the second floor.
We're into our new studios up here with all the other losers.
We're up on the third floor with a whole rest of QAM in power 96, et cetera.
And so on.
We got nice new walls, newly painted, et cetera.
And there's not a call on the board.
Now, let's see.
So far, what do we have so far?
We had the guy making up the story about the cop with the snapshots.
And then we had the guy with the boring chronic guy from Pompo.
And he was so boring, I remember what he had to say.
Then we had the guy, I'm Frankie Lyman, that jackass,
he's beaten his drum.
He's beaten something.
And then we get the medical one.
That's it.
Four out of four.
Even Joe to Maggio.
Never was that perfect.
Okay.
Even Jolton Joe.
5, 6, 7.
I don't even know if these goddamn lines work on this phone up here.
I have my doubts about this all set up.
Nice call in there, Greg.
We were kicking ass.
We were doing pretty good downstairs.
We were doing a show every day.
I have my doubts.
Now we're going to be able to do the new Roger show on his floor.
Maybe it's being on this floor.
I don't want to mention any names, you know?
Maybe it's like rubbing off.
Something really strange going on in this outfit.
21 before 11.
Yeah, my press plan.
I'm wondering what the hell is this?
And I realize I'm like sitting here, pressed up against a hard piece of wood.
And by the way, somebody better tell, give Maureen Orth.
Call up Tim Russert.
And tell him you want to talk to his wife, Maureen Orth,
I wrote the banana book.
She needs some serious instructions about glory holds before she starts writing the book about it.
Put your penis under the stall.
Maybe you can put your penis under the stall, Maureen.
You just want to die.
The other night I watched a wrestling match with big, smooth men with sweaty tracks.
They would try to grab each other's ass, wearing something more than a tiny g-strap.
But when they rang the bell and the match was over,
I couldn't help but notice I had a big boner.
I want to be a wrestler.
A wrestler.
And have a man's crotch wrapped around my mouth.
I want to be a wrestler.
A wrestler.
A wrestler.
And he'll be twisted pushing inside and out.
So I admit it seems a little gay.
Fixed my hand between another man's legs.
Oh, and I pull my hands away.
I get to smell my fingers.
You know that other than some time to train,
you don't need to have much of a brain.
As long as it's a shower after you work out,
you don't mind lacing someone's balls in your mouth.
I know that white sleeve can be messy and too melty.
That's why they like to rub that K-Y on their belly.
Oh, right.
I want to be a wrestler.
And retaining more arms just like you.
I want to be a wrestler.
And maybe run for governor too.
As long as it attracts the crowd,
I don't find going down.
Rubbish heat diseases are locked with some clumpy queer.
That's funny.
He should have done that this week,
because I was talking to somebody in the airport at the MIA
the other day before I got on the plane.
And he said, you know, I listen to your show all the time.
And you're absolutely correct about wrestlers.
Even a high school in college wrestlers,
every one of them I've ever known was a flaming queen.
They're the ones that are busy drilling the glory holes.
By the way, got any wrestlers in this building?
They're the ones that are built up,
drilled those two glory holes down a hallway there.
Two of them.
Side by side, no less.
I guess we're heavy-do the action, huh?
1046 at 560 WQAM.
Yeah, man.
Why doesn't he build a counter like a little bit higher?
Like, so I could rest my chin on it would have been good, huh?
These people in this place, but anyway, you know,
they deserve each other.
Here's Sunrise.
Hello.
How are you?
Yes, sir.
One thing about the new studio, uh...
It sucks.
Well, I can hear you better on hold than I did when you were downstairs.
Wow.
Mark mostly just stuck his head in the door.
He said, I'll, everything up here sucks.
Well, that's baby.
What do you think?
But I can hear it better when I'm on hold.
Putting the PD, yes?
Um, drummers.
Drummers?
No columns and Karen Carpenter.
Karen Carpenter, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, she's not that I like.
You know something, if you would have saved the energy from the drumman
and just had another sandwich or two, she might still be a drumman.
She might be taping it.
Hey, Kirk Allen.
You know, obviously he's a drummer.
Who cares about drummers?
Drummers are like, like I said before.
And for a guy to call a punk yesterday,
and this caller was just a suckle,
oh, your right, Ringo Star was very underrated.
Ringo Star, number one, was a mediocre drummer at best,
and number two couldn't sing his way out of a paper bag.
Number, he's a bubble gum.
I mean, you know, I'm sure that Hank enjoyed the concert
and the group Todd Rungrin's great,
the drummer from a bad company said it was a,
that's fine.
But to say that Ringo Star is like a great artist is pathetic.
Attiquate to the task.
Exactly, right, like Dennis Wilson,
who ain't beaten it too well anymore.
You notice how most of the drummers are dead?
Yeah, John Bonham.
What does that tell you?
Yeah, exactly.
I heard about that.
What about that Joey Bishop of the drummer for Erosmith?
No, no.
Joey Reynolds.
Yes, him too.
Kirk Allen was, you know,
if you knew anything about Syriol's on video,
you know, you'd be know that Kirk Allen was Superman, of course.
And interestingly, in the Obed, it said that, you know,
he was typecast just like George Rees.
Once he had played Superman, he couldn't get rules with his cell phone.
That's what he said, right?
Yeah, you know.
Couldn't get another goddamn rule unless he was putting a have a cape on.
Maybe he could have been Captain Marvel.
He kissed the death, you know.
Right. If he would have just done that to Zan,
he could have been Captain Marvel.
Yeah, I've one other thought concerning
when she talked about he yesterday.
And by the way, before you go on to that,
you can see Captain Marvel's story.
It says when he was 30, 70,
and this shows you how old I am.
He starred as the Man of Steel Superman in two pictures from Columbia films,
Superman in 1948, and Adam Mann versus Superman in 1950,
each was done in a 15-part serial format.
And I can remember as a kid and Rochester,
going to the cameo theater every Saturday morning,
and seeing the serum.
And I saw those with the Kirk Allen.
Not that I remember who the hell he was, but I saw those.
That's what I'm all for.
I am in the early days of video when I was first emerging.
Those were one of the first things that were made available.
Yeah, where the serial was on video.
But anyway, you were talking about the business about all the old people
that vote on things to repress.
Oh, right.
It seems to me that the reason is voter apathy.
All the old people are the only ones that turn out on the vote.
That's right, because the rest of the people down here,
they take a look at the people that are offered up and what's going on.
And we don't want to be involved, including me.
I mean, I'll vote in national elections next year.
But the idea of voting in these local, these parochial, what's the point?
They're exactly what I want.
What they use.
They offer up the same direct year in and year out,
and the same incumbents almost always get in with the recognizable names.
And it's the same old parts in the condo.
It's to give them a list, and they all go marching off to the...
Because they got nothing else to do.
A lot of them, they go to the clubhouse in their own condo,
and they vote right there.
They don't even have to go off the grounds.
But don't you think if all the people that patronize these clubs
and the young people, like the ones that went to spring break,
who are old enough to vote registered and voted,
there would be more than the condo commandos?
No.
You don't think so?
No.
Because I went to vote on the library issue the other day.
And the library issue?
Well, you know, about the referendum to get the new library improvement?
No, I don't know.
Well, this is the election day on the local, whatever.
But I was the only one...
I think two people were there, me and a Howard Sharers' officer.
Yeah.
And this was in the middle of the day.
And normally when you go to an election, or to a polling place on an election day,
most of the people you see there have blue hair.
And like I said, we just go around to the circle.
The rest of us are not going to care about this parochial crap down here.
There's nobody to vote for.
There's nobody.
I mean, it's not like Chicago where you got a mayor daily,
or even in New York, where the electors are not Rudy Giuliani,
but we've got a mayor who means something, who makes some decisions,
who's got some powers recognizable.
And this is all crap down here.
You've got all these little municipalities.
Every five blocks is another town.
It's sunrise, and it's a water hill, and it's a Pembroke Pines,
and Pembroke Park.
And then there's the one where they won't let anybody out of the age of 100 there,
and an age of Pembroke likes whatever the hell they call that place.
It's hopeless.
Well, you know, it's amazing to me when I move down here,
how similar to New Jersey, how Florida is to me.
Yeah.
It's exactly like that.
I grew up in New Jersey with better weather and without the smell, right?
I grew up in South Carolina, and there were definite towns.
You know, you drive out of town, you have the sub,
we're going to see trees and things, and then you get to the next town.
Yeah, but I do like the New Jersey Hill.
You cross the street, you're in another community.
I like that Pond View is a restaurant in Cherry Hill.
Have a great day, pal.
Whatever you say.
What do you say?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, Pond 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Plenty of open lines.
Rock and Roll Hall of Fame yesterday.
In fact, they just had his push on here.
Thank God I don't need breakfast.
Three singers who dominated radio in 1970s were inducted to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame yesterday,
along with Dusty Springfield who died two weeks ago.
Who were the three singers?
Paul McCartney.
He deserves to be in there, right?
Oh, right.
Billy Joel.
George likes Billy Joel, by the way.
And Bruce Springsteen.
Absolutely correct.
What did that come from?
Did that come from like in there?
Who hit that?
You did.
I hit...
Absolutely.
How do you like that?
Both with the same finger.
Must be getting sharper after sticking that through that little hole.
How do you like that?
Billy Joel, Paul McCartney, and Bruce Springsteen, also inducted,
which for some strange reason it's got way down on the bottom of this article
because they're not as famous Curtis Mayfield,
who already was in the Hall as a member of the Impression.
Now we're talking, they're like a recording artist.
There's a singer.
Dell Shannon.
All right.
Now we're talking.
Now, I'll do it, Dell.
Two ladies.
And the gospel group, the staple singer.
It's excellent.
Blues artist Charles Brown on the Western Swing Band Bob Wheels and his Texas Playboys,
were on it as early influences, whatever that means.
And Beatles producer George Martin was alluded to the non-performing category.
How about Brian Epstein?
You see in there?
We'll see him no more.
That's our topic today.
Dead recording artists, we all love.
Dead drummers that we all they marched to a different drummer.
Here's Holmes dead.
Hello.
Good afternoon, sir.
Yes, sir.
Good evening.
Two things, whatever it is.
Well, he does it through the eye.
Yeah, go ahead.
The guy before me was talking about the unhold sound is much, much better.
Well, you also forget these people off their ass call and they can actually hear what they're talking about.
Yeah, you're right.
It tells wrong with this audience, right?
Damn it.
They hate me like poison.
No, they can't turn it off, but they will not speak to me for lover money.
If I gave him $100 a piece yesterday and today, I still couldn't get these guy's damn phones cranked up these bastards.
I'll call back if you can get me a hundred bucks.
Okay.
Okay.
Jimmy Olson dead.
Jimmy Olson dead.
I can't remember the actor's name.
He was a fag, you know.
Yeah, you know.
But it was like, oh, got a year, year and a half ago something.
It was the thing in a paper.
I think Clark Kent, you know, he kind of looked, uh, anybody that runs around with an outfit like that.
That's right.
With the tights and the whole thing.
Right.
Jimmy Olson, well, never mind.
I know.
Second thing, racing.
I'm not a race fan.
But a bunch of friends of my wife, some people we know down in downtown Holmes dead, they follow the race, uh, NASCAR, whatever the hell, and all these races.
All those crap.
Yeah, all the crap.
Why?
They know, I don't know.
But they know the names of the pit crews of these guys.
Huh.
The numbers of sponsors.
They probably even know the name of the drummer.
What is it?
Probably true.
Yeah.
And the breakman.
But that's all I have to offer today.
Who is the name of the drummer for the breakman, by the way?
Okay.
Thanks a lot.
Now, that's our, okay.
Here's the poll.
Which of the following is a real, I'm not talking about playing it.
I'm talking about a spectator sport.
Golf.
Auto racing.
Boxing.
I'm talking about boxing today.
And wrestling.
There you go.
There are the four for you.
That's it.
That's a poll, baby.
That's a spectacular poll.
Which of those four is a real spectator sport?
I didn't say spectator sport.
We were putting cock fighting if we did that.
Which one?
Golf.
Auto racing.
Boxing.
Boxing.
Oh, gee, it looked like a fake fight to me.
It looked fished.
I want my money back.
See, those of you who want to keep getting suckered in, it's like people that order stuff
from infomercials on TV.
After you do it, after you get burned, the first, you know, five times, 20 times, a hundred
times, you ought to get the message that, hey, maybe when you see something that's being
sold on TV, it's usually a bunch of crap.
Haven't I told you that before?
The overwhelming majority of times you buy something on from TV.
It's crap.
Right.
For whatever reason, I don't know why TV is so powerful.
You think they want to be under shell and good stuff.
But when you're on it, the only thing that I think I might like, because I do like George
Foreman, how do you like that for bustin' up stereo type stuff?
A boxer and he's dark-complexed too.
Those who think I'm some kind of a bigot.
Although, thank God we got a white basketball player.
Nice going here, Miami-Vohy.
Oh, boy, Wally.
Too many of these in season is named, though, by the way.
But, seriously, I love George Foreman.
And I wouldn't mind having me a lean-mean grill on the machine.
In fact, every time that infomercial comes on, I cannot turn it off.
Have you ever seen it?
Even George has seen it.
And he hates boxing, but he likes George Foreman.
I mean, when you see him, you don't take a George Foreman to boxer, because he's what?
85 years old.
You think of a fun guy.
He's just a funny guy, you know?
It's the lean-mean grill on the machine, baby.
And you watch all that fat drip off and all of the feel thinner.
Just looking at George Foreman with that big fat head of his, you feel thinner.
Just looking at him.
And then that brought on there with the crossed eyes, you know, the one that's on every info.
Boy, can you imagine the money that that bitch is making?
You know what I'm talking about?
That's always there with Ron Popeel.
And I talk about fake.
I love the way she always says, oh, and guess who we're lucky enough to have with us today?
Even though he's busy, busy, busy, he spent time with us at Ron Popeel.
Well, guess what?
It's his infomercial.
He's peddling the crap, okay?
I hate to break the news to your audience.
It's his, he's not too busy to do the infomercial, because he's on there to make the money.
Oh, are we lucky to have Ron Popeel with us today?
Selling you a 20 cents of plastic, really, 82 easy payments of $39.95 a month or rest of your life.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Good afternoon, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good evening.
I don't mean to sound redundant, but you do sound terrific even, even, uh, even watching.
Yeah.
So I just want to let you know.
This 30-0 sucks.
So far, I'm sure I'll get used to it if they bring me in a higher chair.
So I'm not sitting with my chin up against the guy.
Maybe that's why, maybe that's why when I came in there, they said,
I'm going to make you your chin up, Neil.
Well, that's so Bruce Springsteen and Ringo Starr don't get a band together anytime soon.
Oh, what a thought that is.
You know, they didn't even know that.
I mean, is there anybody in this audience that really believes that Ringo Starr was a musician?
Well, he had the Beatles that was about it.
But he didn't, he didn't have the Beatles they had him.
He was along for the ride.
He didn't have, oh, in other words, the Beatles was his group.
I noticed he wrote a lot of that music.
Well, if not, if it wasn't for the Beatles, you would never even have heard of Ringo Starr.
That's right. That's exactly right.
But I wanted to let you know.
But after a poll question, who's more popular?
Kenneth Starr or Ringo Starr?
And who's the better drummer? I think Kenneth Starr.
Their brothers, aren't they?
Yeah, they're joined at the hip.
I thought Bruce Springsteen, in some believeable, they put him in the hall of the...
Is that pathetic?
And they didn't even...
And he is not a singer. He's a croaker.
He's a croaker.
They didn't even put the E Street band in there.
Just Bruce Springsteen because he was with the E Street band after he died.
They didn't even put the money river band in there, whatever the hell that was.
So the E Street band.
The old little old river band.
They were more...
The E Street band was the...
His actual band was more talented than he was.
Right.
And as far as the real Spurko's, I got to tell you, Neil.
I would vote for professional wrestling before I would vote for boxing.
Okay, thank you, sir.
We want your money, though.
We want your money. We've got another big one coming up.
White to late light, Iron Mike back out again.
What?
What?
What's working?
It's beautiful.
And it's bright at all.
And it's all fair.
It's just beautiful.
They throw his phone.
Never touch it.
He has a lot of money.
You know this.
You know, when you succeed, it's beautiful.
And you think that there is going to be an opportunity.
And that time, I didn't...
Enjoy it.
Who would stand up to you?
And even now I cannot stand up to you.
It makes me feel fine. It's 16. Oh beautiful and it's mine.
At our fourth question, anybody ever had a more twice the boygan in the interior north?
It's the level of three at five, 60 WDQM. So anyway, there's a big ringo star, right?
Johnny Burnett. Johnny Burnett, I bet you're dead, huh? You think he's dead?
That was the original Id 16. Oh, ringo star, that was his song. No, wrong, sorry.
It's like twist and shout. That was a Beatles song, right?
I easily brought this baby. They were great. So anyway, I don't want to dwell on this,
but there's a stupid article in the paper here about teen smoking crackdown losing funding
because Governor Butch, Governor Butch says, oh, we don't need the eight and a half million
dollars from the cigar from the tobacco companies. They're giving eight and a half million
dollars to the state for these programs to crack down for more cops to crack down on teenager
smoking. Oh, we don't need that money. Whatever that means. But I want you to listen to the
logic in this last paragraph. It says, to Peter Mitchell, marketing director for the state's
anti-smoking program, driving up the number of citations given to underage smokers could
reinforce the message that smoking is cool. That's why Mitchell, though the budget cut would seem
in a front to his campaign, agrees with Butch, Governor Butch. So in other words, based on that logic,
driving up the number of traffic citations given would give the impression that speeding is cool.
So therefore, let's stop writing the traffic tickets. Oh, yeah, I thought it was cool.
It is. That's why I do it. That's why I got two Corvette's, baby. Oh, it's picking up Corvette.
So I had my red Corvette, my 98. I had a little problem, a little break thing.
Yeah, plus an oil change, a couple of other things. How did it take it over? Do I dare mention?
Well, a friend of mine took it to Ed Morth. I don't want to mention it more, Chevrolet,
because they've been, you know, they've been nice to me over the years. All I do
about my cars and the back road. But nevertheless, so I get my car back yesterday. I get
in the car to come to work this morning. And I look at the tire pressure. What? What?
It's not only our friends have an executive mobile. Why is it that every,
remember, I brought in the manual at the end. It said, no matter what anybody tells you,
if the pulp comes to your house and says, put more than 30 pounds of pressure in each tire,
tell them, give them the baff on Google. That's what it said. Don't listen. Remember that?
Very specifically. I mean, language I never heard an instruction manual for a car before.
It said, no way, Jose. I just barely leave the house. So in other words, the tires get hotter,
obviously the pressure is higher, a couple of pounds. But I had just left. So I'm checking them out.
36, 37. Why? And is that is them driving the work? I'm thinking, boy, this doesn't drive the
way this car is supposed to drive. It feels like I'm bumper cars, you know? You know what I'm talking
about? Look, I'm driving one of those things up at the, what do they call that thing?
You know, up in Danya, go carts. Yeah, like a like that. Yeah. Like one of the, like one of those
NAS cars that Joe is going to be talking about. Say anymore, Joe Castellasson. And he does like
country music, by the way. You know, like, yeah, you do like country music. He says, I love kids.
Maybe that's why he had that Hickey on his arm yesterday.
Probably for a more. What's his name? What's the PD from kiss? Bob McKay. Oh, Bob McKay. Oh, George H.
Tim. Like, what is the personal thing? H. Tim. He said he's the biggest asshole in the whole
building. That covers a lot of character. He's got a real bad, uh, hair piece too, by the way.
Here's Kendall. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay, sir. Anyway, I'm a literature professor here at
a college in Miami. And I teach Flannery O'Connor. She's a Southern writer. She deals with racism.
I try to push my students, you know, get them offended a little bit. Maybe they'll think.
You're offended about one about everything about racism about like people, white people, whatever.
Anyways, after class, do you have offended about white people? Yeah. Oh,
a lot to be offended of. That student comes after class and says, you remind me of Neil Rogers. Yeah.
I didn't know if to be offended or shake his hand profusely. Uh-huh. Can I call him a douchebag? Yeah.
For a line, change your name, you douchebag. Okay. Another fake call. Okay, we have an open line in
the day one and brown. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Palm 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Another one of your people,
a dark and collected the spick. I don't know what he was. How do I know besides the retard? He's a
professor, a professor of literature. Have another good one. Okay. Another pop for us.
Here's Tamara. Hello. Hey, guys, a professor. Not he's a professor of ass holism, right? You got
that. Hey, can I ask a holic? Ask a holic. Can I make a couple comments on your rock and roll stuff?
You thought anything you like, sir? That's what this shows all about. We're sitting here waiting
to hear the comments from all our rocket scientists out there and professors of literature. If you
don't talk to me, you're going to have to go to another call. Do you have any more? Yes, I do. Okay.
Well, I'm moving on. Um, not many people know us, but Dennis Wilson didn't even play on any beach
boys records. Are you serious? Uh, there was a drummer. Are you sure? I am. I'm sure I can tell you
who was named. What was his name? His name was Hal Blaine. He played on the records of the beach
boys. Jan and Dean, Gary Lewis and the playboys, Johnny Rivers, the fifth and then Jesus. This guy
is not in the rock and roll hall of fame. How many of you like that? In other words, he was the
stump drummer. Exactly. He's probably played on three or four hundred hit records. This guy.
And he is not in the rock. You know who else is not in the rock and the whole thing? And who is that,
sir? Billy Joel's in there. We've got all kinds of assholes in the rock. Bruce Springstein,
that croaker. Yeah. No gene picnic. Oh my god. 24 hours to toss it. It hurts to be in love.
My favorite bracket of all time as of this moment. It hurts to be in love by Gene Pitney. What label
did he record for? Oh, black label. That's right. It was black. Want me to tell you? No, give me a
mercury. No. You ready? Give me the second letter. You. Music core. That's right. All right.
You the man. All right. See, yeah. See, and Tulsa, Gene. He is Eli Liverde. Gene Pitney was great.
Let's do music again. Okay. Let's talk about and let's play a lot of a dental kill some good
time. Favorite drummers? Who is the better drummer? Gene Crupe or Ringo Star? Buddy Rich or Dennis Wilson?
That's our poll question. Oh, no. No, but he can sing like sting. Certainly not.
Jimmy Stewart. Now he proves it on this new album, Stewart Sing Sting. Rocks, Sam.
Yeah, don't have to. You don't have to. It doesn't. What do you like him show?
Yeah, so you'll get great hits like King of Soup. Message in a bowl of soup. Soup in the material
world and don't stand so close to the astronomy. That's Stewart Sing Sting. So good. You want to listen
to it with a fork? What do you? Oh, yeah. I said it wasn't. I read you. I was lucky. Jimmy Stewart
died, but he did. He could have been the next Campbell soup. Spokesman. You know, remember that
Luther Campbell chunky soup? Huh? He was in the soup, heavy. And now he's in the soup.
It's 1114 at 560 WQM. Do I sound a little bit different now? I feel like a little child on a
high chair because Joe Costello just came in here practicing for his big NASCAR show. He said,
I bet you that's your like go zooming way up in the sky and sure enough,
reach down the lever down there and give it a little crank and look at that. Right up in the sky.
I'm on top of the world like here in Carpenter. Look how she's doing. Huh? I feel like an idiot. I
feel like I'm sitting here like to spend an animation here way up in the air. But it's better than
sitting here with my breathbone pressing against the hard one. A hard piece of wood.
Here's a mobile in for the outer day. Hello. Okay. Thank you. Here's a mobile in. That was
a Bruce Brinston Cronin mobile in Naples. Hello. Mobile in Naples. Okay. Nice talking to you. Okay.
That opens up several lines. Like about 200. 560. 560. 560 out of 18 T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Kendall. Hello. You sure that a mobile in Milan? What is it?
Was that Florida or whatever it is? Go ahead. Take your piece. Do something. The best drummer of all
time team. Yeah. Think of the best drummer in the world. Great. Thank you. See what I'm saying
about this crowd? Who cares about the drummer? The drummer is relatively insignificant. Okay.
Who gives a rats answer about the freaking drummer? 560. 560. 560 on the 18 T wireless
line. Mobile in for a lot of day. Hello. Dale. Yes, sir. You're insulting Gene Crumpet by
comparing them to Ringo. Sure. Sure. I was. It was a joke. Okay, sir. I hate to
break the news. Yes, sir. It was just a little joke. Yeah, but it seems important to listen to
the same thing. Sing with Benny Goodman. Come on. I don't want to hear Benny Goodman. Okay.
I know the wrong thing. I'm not interested in Benny Goodman. Okay. See you. Okay. See you. Okay.
That's what we got now. The old farts calling in. Great. Just what I wanted. 560. 560. Have
another pop. There you go. Have it. I don't know. How's Benny Goodman doing? See name lately?
560 on the 18 T wireless line. I'm serious, man. What? Why did I bother coming in here yesterday
to commemorate the opening of our new studios here on the third floor where everything is all
screwed up where the levels on the overhead are going like from non-existent yesterday to like
worst whatever the hell they are today. I'm sitting here with now I'm in a high chair.
Like a like a five-year-old in the goddamn high chair and you know something talking to this
audience, it fits in perfectly too. It's appropriate. Because that's the level of the calls we've had
so far yesterday and today. Here's the North Miami Beach. Hello. Hello, I'm Goodleel. Yes, sir.
Pretty pissed Dutch boy here. How are you? Okay. Driving noise on the elder road. The stupid
police cop just pops me. So it's going 15 miles to fast. 150 bucks to take it as a
ridiculous. I'm only going 12. He's not 15. I said $148 for just 15 miles. He said, yeah,
that's I don't make the prices. And my dealership calls up two minutes later. She's, oh yeah,
we fixed the time belt and you walk is about $550. $50 on parts and $300 million in labor.
Yeah, well, let me give you three words to solve all these problems. Just pay it. 5, 6, 7,
05, 60, 05, 5, 60 on the end. The words of the immortal Ralph Negro, the major deities,
passed away at Pompidle Park and was there for many, many years. Just pay it. Anybody remember that?
That line? Here's a mobile and Davy. Hello. Yeah, oh, it's all got. Okay. Okay,
well, I forgot to listen to him this morning. By the way, anybody here in area yet? No.
Forget about that. Maybe this guy could have told us if he wasn't doing this sit down comedy routine.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T line. Need some reneary spy reports. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Bye, everybody. Glory. No, brother. No more your people on here. Okay, I've been trying to
tell you that for how many months, now eight months, no more of your people. Please. We've already heard
it put it on a record pal. Okay, and stick it. It's like a stuck record. So stick it. Here's a
mobile in Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. About John Stamos for the Beach Boys.
John Stamos with the Beach Boys. He was their best drummer.
Stamos was his Blackie. He played the drums with the Beach Boys. I think you're right.
What about him? Okay, John Stamos. Blackie. Okay.
But he's right. Here's a mobile in Palm Beach. Hello. Yes, sir.
Neil, do you know who the world's greatest, who's rated the number one world's greatest guitarist?
Read it down in the room. Well, what does that mean the world's greatest guitarist?
There was a thing on the AT&T the other night about rock and roll and guitarist.
Please don't tell me you're a cleft and please don't say that. No, no, that's not what I was going to say.
It's Roy Clark. Yeah. Oh boy, he can pick it. Yeah. That's hard to believe.
I've got to know like that. That's the third night. But I was amazed at that. I figured it would be
first of all, how do you how do you compare? It's like it's like the 100 best movies I was talking
about this last week or the 100 greatest recording artists. How do you compare? Well, that list was
pathetic. The movie was the last thing. Right. Yeah, that was completely incredible. Roy Clark.
That's what that's what they're saying. Yeah. I don't know if I buy it or not. Okay, well,
I'm not buying it. Thank you. 5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile
in Bokeh. Hello. This is Roy Clark. He's a nose picker. How you doing? I'm from the
else. Not too good. You're like, you're not doing good. No, I don't. I don't like the new studio.
I don't like these last two shows yesterday and today. I hate these phone calls. I can't stand
this place, but other than that, it's great. Is this studio? Okay, I don't get technical. No, it's not
okay. The cold counter was built like two inches too high. Really? Yeah. But the choice is either
sitting up here in a most uncomfortable with like a little kid in a high chair or else putting it
back down again to the other position where it's banging up against my chin and my breastbone.
I'm just going to have to stretch it. I'm going to have to stretch it, right? Listen, I had the car
just heard their last car about a ticket. I got nail display on 70 Nightsford right now from
Neil IOD. Yeah. Like 42 right there at 35. Yeah, I'll slow down. Okay. Here's a mobile in sunrise. Hello.
I knew I already. Okay. Just go back from vacation. Just wanted to say you sound great. No, yeah.
23 years I've been on the earnest town yesterday and today the two worst shows of all time.
Well, we're not even halfway done today. We're done, but we're not halfway there.
You sound great, babe. Yeah. And just wanted to say that Jolton Joe is left and gone away. Left
and gone away and none too soon. Absolutely. And was still just as ugly as death as he was when he
was a teenager. Thank you. 567.0560. 05.60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in what is that?
Orlando. Well, Neil. Yes, sir. You are God. I got to tell you that.
The reason I'm calling you is because I know you don't put up with mediocrity. Are you ready for this?
I'm more. I know put up with mediocrity. Look where I work. Well, you call it though. You don't
just let it go. And now that's what I'm doing here with Fox's NHL on Sunday between the periods
that put that bimbo on who doesn't even know how to pronounce the names of the player. They don't
care about it because they're dumping it off anyway. This is their last year. They get rid of it.
Yes, he is going to take it and then they don't care. God, well, I'm glad to hear that because I was
just going out of my epic mind when she's talking about the Dan Oh. Yeah. And all these players and
just this pronounce it ridiculous. Well, thanks. You care to see later by.
567.0560. Yeah, I'm going to tell you one thing. I can't. I rather I'm going to put the
chair back down. I mean, that's that's just ridiculous. One moment, please. How can I get it? Oh,
I see. It's like a graduate. You have to hold it. You have to squeeze it and the 11 or two.
So now this little bit. Yeah, there you go. That's a little bit better. I'm going to like have to
adjust the head of my chair. Nice going there, George. Of course, so that is not you.
Here's a mobile in Miami Beach. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing, man? Okay. All right.
Now, I hear you talking about music and one band that I didn't hear you talk about was KISS.
Why do you think that? Yeah, because we're talking about music.
They've been around for 26 years, man. Yeah. So is cancer.
All right. Leprosis has been around a lot longer than that. Okay. So I take it. You don't like that. No,
I do not. No. And by the day should have been the wall. I don't even like KISS radio or
assistant station because I don't like those picking music. Oh, right. Bob McKay. All right. How we
get that? Okay, back to you. Here we go again. They're starting this. This is what we should have
stayed on for the rest of the year. Oh, yeah, we should have stayed on the music thing to the rest of
the year because they have no other material. That's all they know from 5 6 7 0 5 60,
pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. I mean, we've already, we've already exposed the fact that
all high school and college restless are fags and that golf is a real pussy sport that nobody,
nobody who's a real man or even a real woman watches golf. The women at watch golf are bull likes.
They want to watch other bull likes play golf and bat balls around. And the men at watch golf are
just lifeless pathetic sand creatures. I have no idea what how to describe them. Watching other
people play golf. Oh, there's a great nine iron. Look at that. Wow. Ernie L's just made the
shot of a lifetime. Look at that. Now they're all schlepping up the fairway. Oh, brother. And
here's a mobile in Pembert Pine. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I know you're the one talking about
music. It's kind of before. But he was right. Roy Clark is one of the best guitarists. If not
the best guitarist. I'm very happy for him. I'll send him a congratulations. Oh, very, very good.
Classical walk and roll. He can play anything. But the man is a great, great, great, great
mission. He's a badic for Roy. Well, nice going. Roy. Okay. Yeah. That's all. Okay. Thank you. Okay.
5 6 7 we're almost at the end, baby. I thought that we were only about halfway done. We're pretty close
to the end of this, baby. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Tom 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Pembert
Pine. Hello. Hi, Neil. How you doing? Oh, not too good, sir. Another one. Great days. That's too bad. I
just had to ride up like a big fat shriveled prune and just dried up and died. Oh, I remember that
song. American pie. The day the music died. This is the day Miami died. Well, I got to remember
it was an intensive care today. It's officially big. Oh, go ahead. I got some interesting facts about
Gene Pintney. Yeah. I don't know if you know, but he initially was called Billy Gland. He wasn't
Gene Pintney. Well, he first started out. Yeah. And also he was known as Rockville Rocket because he
was from Rockville, Connecticut. And I happen to be one of his distant cousins and I played in a
high school band with him and played at trumpet. No, it's May 1858. Is he alive? Yes, he is.
He's alive in Summers, Connecticut. He owns a little beach beach that is open to the public.
He lives in a beach? Well, yeah, it's a small beach. It's had a lake. It's a
Christmas lake and he owns a beach there and it has a little pavilion and he has the answers there.
I've been to Connecticut. You don't have beach time too often. So it's like a seasonal thing.
It goes from May to September and that's it. But I just thought you'd be interested. I enjoy
your show and I live in Florida now. I'm not going to make sure that. Oh, here.
Okay, well, thanks a lot, pal. Say how did you give him a big kiss for us? Okay,
come it only hurts for a little while. I can't let it. Here's the putt.
There we come and don't miss a new punty thing. Twenty-two.
I break the choir. The Hayesha la Crupta USA. What's in corner? What's in this right here?
The sky and valley. Who? There's a bunch of queers again this year who say that I wish to. Oh,
God loves the A-Wish and let's just parts your game. If the area won't be marked in a punty thing,
you can be above my bucket of stones. Sure, and that's okay, but it has to be a
worship to me.
Now you ought to have a party in both eminences. Three have delivered this pronouncement upon
the blessed day. Sure, a little bit of heaven fall and nestled in the sea.
What's your cornstrap to help a home of actuality? Oh, God loves the A-Wish and let's
support today. That's what their pronouncement tells the face to you in the face.
You can be a corner, ma mia darn. God loves you anyway. But you can't see A-Wish
it today. Oh, L-E-S-B-A-A-N-N-S-B-L-E-N. Choose another
Whim and part are made with who develop and can ever get to taste with? L-E-S-B-I-A-A-N-N-S-B-A-N-S-B-C-A-N.
It's the shame that detailed ones will come out and march with us
That's the end. No way. The Chuset's pardonable honor.
It's your to such a straight. It boils like the Kennedy's that made this country brief.
We won't allow nobody to pardon the word of the green.
And when we say up to Irish boys, that is what it means.
Oh, God, that's the Irish, as long as it's been again.
It's a perhaps the number of times we've never been sure of them.
You can be seen in wrongs and hurl and chumps will laugh it all away.
But you can't be English if you're gay.
No, you can't be English if you're gay.
Long, even, try a B and I, you should be gay.
I'm a 40 years in the business boys and girls.
And I'm suffering my first radio injury.
They should tell you about Greg Reed and the Beasley-Greed people about their confidence.
A bruised breastbone. That's what I got.
From... I... Lawsuit sounds good to me.
Sounds like a major, major lawsuit.
In fact, I'm having trouble breathing.
All kinds of problems.
From a bruised God, the breastbone.
Why wouldn't they build it the same height as the one downstairs,
which there was no problem with that at all?
It was fine. It was just fine.
That's the carpenter, dude.
Richard?
Here's a mobile in the Gables. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir. I'm the hell are you?
Okay.
Here's a meeting at the Toronto.
Sometime I'm nailing my wife.
You what?
I'm hitting out to Toronto.
Yeah. You always talk about it.
It's a great place to go and visit.
Yes.
What do you recommend to do out there?
What do I have to do out there in May?
Is it cold?
In March 16. Of course it's cold.
It's like 38 degrees for the high today.
No, not in March. I'm sorry in May.
Oh, in May?
Yes, sir.
I won't be that bad. It'll be like it is up north in May.
Is what it'll be like.
It'll be like in the 50s.
Maybe 60s if you're lucky.
60s.
65, 62, 61 and a half.
How's the nightlife out there?
Great.
That's a great, fantastic.
Great.
Compared to here, spectacular.
Now, I think the day life, the afternoon life, the nightlife, the morning life, the subway,
the, you name it.
Someone was telling me that they have a lot of our feeder out there and it's the biggest
in New York but not as dirty as New York City.
You're right.
Well, the city is no.
The city is 4 million people to Toronto.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
And a lot of big shows up there.
They have the pantages to be able to feed her up there.
They got all kinds of stuff.
You love it.
Is it a great balance?
Is it a great balance?
Which is a dollar in the Canadian money?
No, it's fantastic.
You've got a buck and a half or every American dollar.
You get a buck and a half Canadian.
It's a great value for Americans.
Oh.
I guess that's what I'm adding for.
All right.
Have a great time.
I'll be leaving right now if I were you.
You like to have the loonies and the tunies?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
It's a real city unlike here.
The real city with like a real visible downtown and a real identifiable place.
And like, hey, here it is.
We're all like a part of this.
And supposed to hear like, you know, you know, these assholes that say,
the reason I like to live in here so much is the cultural mix.
Like, like, first of all, there's anything so unusual about living in a big city that's not like all the same culturally.
Like, there's something novel and unique about that.
One of the reasons I can't stand this place is because the cultural mix is the wrong one.
But the good news is, wait till you hear this.
All these people that were psychotic about the Orioles playing in Cuba.
Now, most of the people here haven't learned this yet.
This is, keep this undercover.
It's okay.
Don't let the news out.
But when the Orioles go down to Havana to play baseball down there against the Cuban National Team,
they're taking about 80% of the Cubans from here in South Florida with them
and they're bringing only one way ticket.
They're not letting them back in.
Yeah!
I just thought, you know, don't spread the news because some people start getting panic, you know.
And those Spanish language stays, they're, they start carrying on in there.
They're leaving and they're not coming back.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
You know how athletes retire at a certain age when they're just getting, you know, too old.
Yeah.
They should do that for musicians.
We saw art garfant go at Gulf Stream.
Bad?
Bad isn't even a good word.
It was the most embarrassing or formidable performance ever.
Oh my God.
You got to know when to hang it up.
You can't be an idiot like Stan Musil and keep playing like two years, three years after you should hang it up.
But the highlights for me was me singing where have you gone, Muhammad Ali?
Yeah.
How many syllables?
Muhammad?
Well, Muhammad.
Is that the right?
Joe, they're mad.
You're right.
It's that.
It just doesn't fit right.
Cash is playing.
By the way, I'm sorry that we're back in music, but the best two syllables.
Stan, he was dumb.
Don't hang up.
Almost that's two bands of all time.
Genesis and yes, bar none.
No.
Genesis and?
No.
Yes.
No.
Yes.
No.
Thanks Neil.
No.
Okay.
The best band of all time, it's not even a contest.
No, you kidding me.
You can't understand what's wrong with a musician.
It must be this town.
It would need to be a debate about this in a real city.
You think we're going to a nurse?
What?
What?
It's you.
It's you.
It's you.
It's you.
Oh, that's right.
I'm the one who's out of the stand.
That's it.
And all these people are more asked that by.
They know what music's all about.
That's right.
And yes.
Yes.
No.
Is this the greatest group of all time?
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
Well, congratulations.
Get alive.
Congratulations.
I'm in T.
Good.
Anybody down to your oesmith is the best group of all time.
Your taste is in your...
Your taste is in your rectum, okay?
It's way, way inside there.
Like about where the roids start growing, you know, before they pop out and get real dark purple.
Oh, dark purple, we like them too.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, and pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a hope sound.
Hello.
Hope sound.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil, I listened to you last couple of days.
I'm new to the area.
I wonder if you can take it as well as you give it.
Which means what, sir?
You have got...
I'm new to the area.
You're new to the area, but obviously you want to give me, you want to analyze my show and tell me how to do it.
And analyze all everything that's going on here, is that it?
I want to tell you what a disgusting human being is.
So why are you listening to it?
Because I wanted to see if my hearing was that bad.
Well, maybe you've got a little bit of a problem, sir.
Maybe at your age, at your advanced age, you've got a little bit of a hearing problem.
Is that possible?
No.
I'm not bad at it.
Well, why don't you find something useful to do between these hours of ten?
I think this is very useful.
You have a life...
I think this call is about as useful as partying in a wind storm.
Okay, sir?
That's how useful it is.
That's what you're refunding, though.
Yeah, far...
That's what we're doing.
That's how it's called partying in a wind storm.
You want to hear it again?
There is another one for you.
Okay.
Out of here, you old prune.
Just what we need is another old fossil coming down here.
Who's got so much to do.
This guy has got such an active life down here now that he's going to take time.
It's very important and instructive.
Sir, I've heard from a million punks like you, old punks, you know, over the age of 85, old farts like you over the years.
And I'm still here going strong, okay?
And long after they stick your ass in the ground and your goddamn pushing up daisies
and the worms are eating your flesh, you're rotting, disgusting, putrid flesh,
I'll still be here going strong, raking down some very serious bucks day in and day out, okay?
Long after your history.
After they stick you in the ground head first.
I have no life.
You have no penis.
I just used to take a boy.
They often come off of my hippie's yuck.
So you know that's the right path.
Well, I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
I just had life.
