You're talking to Neil called 56670560 toll free for date and browser
No!
Count 560 on your cell phone
Now the opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show
do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM, easily read acquisitions
or the easily broadcast group
No!
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM
He'll take any bulls**t from him
Come off from the wV
Come off from the heated bed-up
Come on, sit, sit
And here we are in east motherland.
Racodse.
Keep it clean.
See?
to a amigo said to him.
Humo.
No, no, Humo.
We match all.
Yes, yes.
Okay, okay.
Richard, gear.
Humo.
Oh, no, Humo.
Oh, Puffaver.
No, Humo.
Eh?
Humo?
Eh, si, I know.
For what?
A gerbil accident.
Oh, for poquito gerbil.
Yes.
But what a way to go.
Ooh.
No, no, no.
So almost those happy seniors.
They'd mooch, mooch, mooch, mooch,
happy when you come through the back door.
That's the goal, almost they hope you come again.
The cute mooch, you're later with an XCU in the end.
Hey, say, 1-560 WQM.
Happy Tuesday to hear from all your good pizons over here at QIM.
Last night at the Hockey Game, I had people coming.
I had 6200 people come meet with requests for me to do one thing on the air today.
Never had that before in my life.
Do one thing.
They said whoever that jackass is with the tuxedo, they got something new and exciting at the macarena.
Because they just won't let you rest.
Like I've told you for months now, they won't let your ear drums rest.
There's no peace.
If you're one of those people like yours truly, if I'm going to go take a leak, I went out there doing a little purple light.
I mean the pink light, whatever that light is, comes on.
The commercial timeout.
I went out take a leak and I come back.
Because I don't want to miss the game.
And in between periods, I'm not going to go out there in a hallway, smoothing, and cruising.
And you know, I just sit there on my fat ass and wait for the game to start again.
But they don't give you an opportunity to let you, like I said, your ear drums rest.
There's always got to be a constant noise.
There's got to be a racket.
It just never stops.
They don't give you a minute to breathe.
So now they're doing an exciting thing is between periods.
And by the way, Bernie Diaz, is that the guy's name?
Some must speak.
He does like kind of a highlights and scoreboard.
He does a good job.
He's okay.
I have no idea who he is, but he's all right.
But they got some other clown.
He's an asshole.
And a tuxedo.
And he's on there going around doing silly things in the crowd.
You know, like with little kids and more context and more stupid ass crap.
And he's got a real squeaky voice.
I don't want to make any comparisons here.
He's got a real, real squeaky voice like somebody on this station.
Yeah, like him.
Right.
Exactly.
And just the knowingness on all these people coming up.
Please rip this guy and made your ass tomorrow.
And I will get him out of there.
Get him away from us.
Okay, we don't need this guy.
First of all, asshole.
It's a hockey game.
Nobody comes to a hockey game in a tuxedo.
Jack asks.
You know, maybe come with a panther's jersey on.
And sometimes I might have to do with what's going on here.
Not enough tuxedo.
He looks like he's coming to an opera or something.
Or like he's the ringleader at a circus.
One of those clowns.
Like he ought to be over there with a Preston hen and Sheriff Nick.
Sucking around and sunrise Boulevard.
Sure, it's not that it's personal because I have no idea who you are.
What's your name is.
Maybe somebody in the audience.
So maybe we'll get a spy report.
Somebody knows this guy's name.
Or where he came from.
Somebody that's sitting next to me said, you know, I think this guy works at your station.
I said, I never saw him before because he's an asshole.
We have a few of those around the station, but he's not somebody I saw.
Do you know what you give me a look like?
You think you know who it is?
Oh, how would I know who it is?
Well, I mean, you're probably in your mind.
You're going through the various assholes.
And maybe by two o'clock, you'll select those so they'll never go down to the right one.
It could be.
See, nobody out there knows who this guy is.
They don't know his name.
They don't want to know his name.
All they want him to do is go away.
Say goodbye.
Okay.
I don't want to start to show this morning on a sour note because being the bastard that I am
and looking at life honestly and truthfully, there are a lot of emotional cripples out there.
So what I'm about to say, maybe you want to stick your fingers in your rear, in your back,
go ear for like 30 seconds because both newspapers today, this is a horrible story.
Anytime somebody young dies suddenly, like, you know, and it happens a lot.
You know, athletes, they're in training, they're in a game or whatever.
And all of a sudden, they just keel over and they die.
And they discover they have some kind of a heart problem or some kind of a medical problem
that nobody could have possibly discovered before.
And that's nature.
Oh, geez.
Nature.
You know, a lot of you have bumper stickers on your cars or pickup trucks or whatever you're driving,
you rig your diesel thing.
Let's say crap happens.
We can't say a shot happens.
We can't say the real word because it's America.
And that's really what life is all about.
And these stories, now here on the front page of both of our newspapers today,
even Dave Hyde has got a gut wrenching story of a celebration of spirit
about the kids from Boka, Hyde who played, went to and played their soccer game.
And one of yesterday, nice going there, guys.
Ow!
Winning one for Vinnie for this kid that died the other day.
And like I said, it's a horrible story.
And we send our sympathies to the family and all of his friends.
And I'm not a cold-hearted bastard.
But it's just that every time something like this happens again,
people say stupid things.
And they do stupid things.
For example, here on the front page of the hero, winning one for Vinnie.
And here's one of the kids from the Agisquart of Goal.
And he's holding Ronnie.
I don't want to go into the whole thing, okay?
But anyway, Ronnie is holding his finger up toward the sky in honor of Vinnie
who is allegedly up there, up there somewhere.
Now, I don't want to get too graphic,
but obviously he is not up there.
He's pointing his finger in the wrong direction.
But of course, if you're pointing his finger down,
people at the superstitious, hocus-pocus people out there,
oh my god, he said he went to hell.
Now, that's not what that would mean.
That would mean he's resting in a box in the ground comfortably somewhere as in he dead.
But we do these things because number one, we can't cope with death,
especially the death of young people.
But number two, because we're emotional cripples and we can't deal with the fact that nature doesn't discriminate.
Nature is relentless.
It just keeps churnal long, churnal long.
You heard that deal about the survival of the fittest.
Well, guess what? That's the way it works.
Natural selection, all these things.
And whether you want to deal with, I mean, it's not a very pleasant thought.
All of these things.
Are sometimes very cool and very like I said, relentless.
But that's, you know, if you want to deal with philosophy,
like I said, DNA, ch duno harm,
and nature is the nature.
Crap happens.
That's basically all you need.
To become a little more emotionally a fit as opposed to being the emotional cripples,
which most people in America are very sad,
maybe most people in the war bar, I guess.
Can't deal with death.
And so we have to make up stories.
Oh, he's in heaven now.
There's nobody, and there's no such thing as heaven.
There's no such thing as hell.
There's no such thing as the devil with a pit for it.
There's no purgatory, which is kind of like God's waiting room, I guess,
or the devil's waiting room, all depending.
Let me ask you, what happens with purgatory?
What? How long you hang out there?
Does anybody know?
No.
Anybody?
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's very sad to me because this is the way people deal with tragedy,
with their sorrow, is they make up crap.
And if it makes them feel better, you know, I'm not going to take that away from them.
But, geez, why does the media have to keep portraying these silly things?
Because they're ridiculous.
All of these things.
Oh, he's in heaven.
Now, he's not in heaven.
And there's nobody in heaven.
Nature just keeps, like I said.
And if you don't believe me, if you get to be old as I am, some of you are older,
but most of you are probably younger, when you get to be my age,
and you've gone through all the ailments, and the prostate thing, and the abreast thing,
and whatever the hell you happen to be, and the fat,
all the other things that you go through in life, you realize it's kind of nothing to do with God,
or the devil has to do with nature.
That's all.
All throughout history, you take a look at a main man keeps intervening and screwing it up in every way he possibly can,
but he can't hold it back.
Can't stop it.
Can't stop nature and its tracks.
And nature doesn't pick on somebody because they're young, or because they're old,
or because they're Jewish, or because they're Catholic, or because they're whatever,
because they're good, because they're bad.
They're evil.
I remember years ago when I used to do those awful shows.
And there was that one rabbi wrote the book, why do bad things happen to good people?
You don't have to make something convoluted out of this.
You don't have to make it complicated.
Bad things happen to some good people, and good things happen to some bad people,
because crap happens, that's all.
Nature is not selective in that sense.
Nature doesn't pick in shoes who gets lucky, or who gets, you know, the heart attack.
I mean, genes have something to do with that, which is a part of nature,
but that again is over and above all the focus.
It has nothing to do with God, the devil, the tooth fairy, purgatory, any of that crap.
See, this makes too much sense.
You can't reduce things to something that makes so much sense.
That's so easy. It's simple. It's not a pretty picture, but that's the way it is.
So my philosophy of life is you do the best you can.
V and H, and do the best you can.
Oh my God, you're so simplistic, yeah.
You don't need all these philosophers, all these experts, all these rocket scientists.
You do the best you can, that's all, and do the harm.
Wow.
Mr. philosopher there, that's right.
All this other focus, and all this superstition, and all this fantasy,
just get into the real world, baby.
People who live on this planet right now, ever gotten into the real world.
Man, it would be a hell of a lot better.
It would be beautiful. It would be like almost a paradise hanging from your rearview mirror.
But they just refused to do it, because they got to make up things to make them feel better.
Okay.
He's in heaven now. Whoever it is, okay?
Anybody that died that you liked. He's in heaven now.
I know this is Lord, even loves Neil Rogers.
Down on me.
I want you down on me.
Okay.
You know there's always hope when you go down on the pole.
Go down on me.
Here.
I shot.
Here's a little bit pleased if you make me hot.
I might even make you my little guy that can get it.
Be careful not to scratch, I shoot it into my hands.
And go down on me.
Go away.
Down on me.
Thanks.
Good work.
I know you'll be impressed with watching Shine My Trend.
Smash my legs for you.
Go down on me.
I want you down on me.
Rub my bag of rules and kiss you, my mask for you.
That bless you, my child.
Go down on me.
It doesn't smell like it's sent.
Here you shot on my dress.
It's not good to roll.
Yes.
Yes.
I lifted higher than the Lord.
I lifted higher than they were before.
1015-550 WQA.
I wonder if the Pope uses canoe.
That business I went through the first 10 minutes.
That should have been taped.
Very simple.
Nothing revolutionary.
They have to make them complicated.
You can't control people's minds.
One thing is simple.
Common sense.
Is it it?
By the way, Angela Ray makes me physically sick on Channel 4.
Have you seen her?
They were going to be copying the Channel 7 thing.
They hired the former assistant news director from Channel 7.
I thought she was okay before.
I said they even inspired that grotesque thing on her upper lip.
But she now has become such a silly,
simple, giggling idiot on a Channel 4 news.
The guy they brought in from out of town,
it's got the real red face.
It looks like he's got a real bad sunburn and melanoma
will be breaking out any day.
They're just killing themselves, man.
What you know what?
Well deserved.
After what they did to Barbara Sloan,
after our good friend, John Duspag is retiring now.
How can a guy like him, by the way, afford to be retiring now?
Did you read that he's retiring?
Yeah, he's getting out while he's getting his good.
And claims to be retiring.
Our good close personal friend, John Duspag, at Channel 4.
Yeah, more power to him.
There you go.
Nothing like early retirement, if you even afford it, baby.
You must have pictures, you know?
You must have naked pictures of like maybe Brian Rorckross,
some of the other people who might it be?
George the Gacky.
Yeah, I'd be him.
Speaking of George the Gacky,
they had a little problem with the audio with the arena last night
and during the pregame.
Ties into something we were talking about yesterday,
guys with a list.
During the pregame, they had speaker problems as usual.
And when they showed the highlight thing with the Gacky
doing the voiceovers,
everything he shared with either had like a Brian Murray syndrome
or a bad list.
And I kept thinking,
There's a Gacky stock.
But he does have a wife, you know?
But I'm certain to wonder about him,
because he said, no, it's really.
Have you ever noticed how he got that mouth of the kind of like fruity,
like Barney Frank?
Huh?
Same kind of lip motion there.
So that's one of our poll questions you think.
There's a Gacky stock.
Or not.
Speaking of the Macarena last night,
by the way, kind of a ponderous game,
but nevertheless,
the positive and the negative,
I tell it exactly the way it is.
Good thing, little improvement there.
They got the scores up there,
the auto-town games up in the corners.
I mean, over and over,
they kept right up to date.
Oh, go on, guys.
You do something good,
I'll tell you about it.
But,
but the bad thing,
you're not going to mention that again today.
Are you, are you, are you, are you?
Yes, I am.
And the reason being that,
for the first time since I've been talking about this,
which is like, let's see,
October, November, December,
five months.
Almost five months I've been mentioning this,
nothing has happened to change it.
Panther's second goal.
Ray Whitney, nice, oh, geez,
I forgot that today, you know?
Should have started the show with that,
but I'm getting a little bit old.
Ray Whitney has a pair.
At a boy, Ray, he's our hero.
But nevertheless,
when he scored his second goal,
which tied the game again to a piece.
And it was from back at the blue line,
and it was a shot that like nobody saw,
including Steve Shields,
the goalie for San Jose.
And the first thing, you know,
it's in the net.
And we're all sitting there.
I look around, I'm sitting there,
and like, John and I,
we're looking at each other,
we're looking in the crowd,
and 90% of the people are just sitting there for about five seconds.
And then all of a sudden,
it's a goal, and everybody's like,
hey, alright, you know?
Because there's no red light that you can see.
Maybe there's like a hundred people sitting in that place
can see that red light go on at that shoot twice,
and other than that can't see it.
And that's embarrassing.
And I'm so glad that that happened last night,
because it goes to show that I've been right all along
for these five months,
that I'm the only person in South Florida,
that's got the hootspot and the brains to say,
what the hell is the point of going to a gaming?
You don't know that somebody scored.
That was pathetic.
And if you were there, you know exactly what I'm talking about.
We're all sitting there like,
did that go in?
I mean, is there something going on there?
It's like a, yeah, very, very sad, pathetic.
And then of course, we got the big story on it.
Oh, I got so many things today, man.
Just loaded with crap.
On the stone, the circle.
That's right.
This is the big thing going on in town now,
the circle in downtown Miami.
Miami Stone Hens,
the ancient circle discovered at the mouth of Miami River,
will be history soon,
unless state, county, and city official step in
to stop a developer point to build on the mysterious artifact.
Activists seeking to preserve the circle have argued
that four human teeth found there,
maybe proof that it was part of a burial ground,
which would give the site protected status under state law.
They found four teeth there.
Now what they neglected to say was that they were false teeth.
So probably somebody got lost from sunrise,
or Tamarack, or surfside.
And maybe they stopped to do like a little number out there
and had peace of land,
which has been generally vacant for a hell of a long time.
I mean, and they talk about the fact they're going to move it.
Now I realize I'm a little slow when it comes to many things.
And I'm the first one to admit that,
that in many areas, I'm pretty goddamn dumb.
But how do you move a circle?
How do you move a artifact in the ground?
Peace by peace.
Jesus Christ, they have to cut it up.
Yeah.
And then put it all back together.
But what are some of it like crumbles, God forbid?
And it will.
I know, because it's a little stone in there,
but there's a lot of dirt.
And dirt, you know, I hate to break the news,
but dirt has this habit of like crumbling.
There's a real stone in Florida.
This is all coral.
Right. Exactly.
It is coral.
Exactly correct.
And there's these teeth in there,
and there may be sharks teeth in there.
Maybe a, you know, Indians buried in there and all kinds of stuff.
And so the city of Miami commission is having an emergency meeting today
to deal with this very pressing problem.
And the media have made a big, big song that it ends about this.
And this is the number one issue in this town.
It's going to show you what a horse ball town this is.
Are they going to destroy the circle?
Is this developer going to build on this land?
Of course, he's already put down like a fortune,
an arm in the leg, 120.
He's already got the permits to build his $126 million twin towers.
So that's the big issue in town.
Is do we move the circle, jerk?
And whose teeth are those really?
Maybe Sunny Rosenberg stopped out there.
Maybe those are Sunny Rosenberg's balls teeth.
John Erlichman is dead, by the way, with 73.
One of the anxious people of the Watergate era,
Paul Domen Mitchell, Erlichman and Dean.
Although John Deans heard that to be a pretty good guy,
and had a beautiful wife, by the way,
but nevertheless, John Erlichman died at his home
February 14th on Valentine's Day.
See how God works in mysterious ways I told you?
And then it goes on to say he had diabetes.
He had diabetes.
I just mentioned that for any diabetics out there,
who may be like inundating their systems with fish food,
and candy and all kinds of sugar-laden crap.
You can't do that because when you're diabetic
and you start messing around with all these things,
you wind up prematurely dead.
Of course, I'm on the enforced Atkins right now.
I have no choice.
It's amazing.
I'm like a prisoner of the Atkins.
I have no choice.
I have lost like four pounds in two days.
Huh?
I'm at my lowest weight now in a long time.
Not because I'm going to be willpower because I'm smart,
but because I have no choice.
Because I'm terrified that if I eat anything off out of the ordinary,
my blood sugar is going to go zooming up there
and I'm going to be very lucky on Erlichman.
prematurely dead.
Although in his case, I think,
would it be evil to say 73 was old enough in his case?
Would that be wrong?
No.
No, I think you're right.
My favorite story of the last 24 hours.
This is the best.
Saw it on TV this morning.
Saw the billboards.
From fan Francisco.
More than 30 overweight people chanted, eat me.
Well, that's what they always yell in San Francisco.
While performing aerobics on the sidewalk
in front of a health club,
the protest a new ad campaign.
They say demoralizes fat people.
The fat advocates banned to get banded together
to protest the 24 hour fitness training.
They're going to be able to get this billboard campaign
that depicts a hungry space alien and reads
when they come,
they will eat the fat ones first.
Oh!
Company officials said they did not intend to offend anyone.
Sometimes humor helps make things easier
and can even be motivational.
24 hour fitness officials said in their release.
And I looked at that thing and I thought to myself
because we know everybody's upside anyway.
Everybody's got thin skin, fat skin, whatever they got.
Everybody's looking for a problem.
Look at the sue somebody.
Look into demonstrate.
Look into a show they're in this satisfaction
and they're mal-conpendedness at such a word.
And my personal opinion on this,
and I think I've got good, you know,
I've got a real good vantage point for much to view it,
is that why the hell they had some guy under this morning,
of course it was in San Francisco keeping mine.
And he said, well, if the science said when they come,
they will eat the homosexual gay people first.
And they might just enjoy it.
And he said, yes, that would be offensive,
because that's like picking up a minority group.
Now fat people, of course,
we're not a minority anymore in America.
We become a majority.
Over 50% of the people in America are fat obese.
Obeeth, a staggering statistic,
we're fatter than crap, man.
We're gigantic.
We're enormous.
Maybe that's why QAM has got so many fat people.
And it made more greatly a representative
of the rest of the American population.
I sure hope not.
We're fat.
So why can't you make fun of fat people?
Why can't you say, look at that fat slob.
Look at that ton of crap.
Look at that tub.
I do it all the time.
Only of course if they're fatter than I am.
Huh?
Well, no, if they're not fatter than I am,
I mean, who the hell am I to be saying?
Look at that tub of lard if I'm fatter than they are.
That's the height of hypocrisy.
But I got news for I've been fatter all my adult life
once upon a time, tipping the scales at 266.
Hey!
20 years ago, 266.
I was just a big walk in tub of fat.
See, the other things that they were talking about, like making fun of blacks
or any minority groups, those people are what they are.
It's not a choice thing in life.
But when you're fat, it's a choice.
Even though it's a tough choice, I'm not saying it's easy to lose
and I'm not saying that.
But all these shows, remember what's your name?
Tody Fields used to do those shows.
Where it's fun to be fat.
It's great to be fat.
Surely Peter's used to remember that crap.
That's a cover-up for the fact that you're neurotic and psychotic
about the fact you're fat.
You're trying to say, oh, you're great because you're fat.
Tody Fields, of course, how she's doing.
Is there anybody seen her lately?
No.
Dead.
Choked on a salami sandwich, I think.
So what a way to go.
Choked on a big fat sandwich, probably at the Rascal House.
Wouldn't surprise me.
I jagged this one.
I think about that, you might.
And about the people that patronize it.
But anyway, we're talking fat today, baby.
Any fat slabs out there in this audience?
And boy, you go to the hockey games.
Woo!
There are some, I don't know how those people sit in those seats.
They must be like spilling over.
They must have the arm rest up their butt crack.
Huh?
Seriously?
Talking about having a leg up on the competition.
I can't imagine how some of those big fat tubs allar.
Not all men either, by the way.
Sorry, ladies.
Sit in those little narrow of baby seats at the Macarena.
Fat slabs.
I was driving home yesterday thinking, which is unusual for me,
but I was thinking about that first call we had yesterday.
And the usual non-response tool, but I'm used to that.
That idiot that called right off the bat right out of the box
our first call of the week.
I was thinking to myself, you know, why would the Jews,
gods, chosen people?
Who wrote that stuff?
You know who wrote that?
The Jews.
Huh.
And why is it that only if you believe in Jesus when you go to heaven?
Who wrote that?
The Goen.
How do you like that?
What?
No, all of his...
No, I'm sorry, but they became Goen.
They invented it.
Well, Paul.
How come you say that?
What?
He invented it.
But he was Jewish.
He was Jewish.
He was a Jew for Jesus.
He was the first damn one.
What's wrong with you, man?
Here, PNMI Parade now.
It's an obvious point.
See, when you make things simple, not complicated, very simple.
And you scrape away all the extraneous bullcrap.
You see how easy it is to figure these things out?
There you go.
Why torture yourself?
Why go through life with that clutter in your brain?
You know, seriously, when in doubt, empty it out, unburden yourself
from all that clutter in your brain, between your ears there.
Have room for important things like hockey scores, stuff like that.
You know?
We're in about, oh, well, the good folks, sirs, and the man upstairs,
that always kills me, man.
The man, the good man upstairs, is looking down on me.
And he's looking down on you.
He must have tremendous eyesight.
Not for a good foresight, because even though he knows what's going to happen ahead of time,
he keeps screwing up over and over and gets pissed off,
and has to put the locus down here, and all these other plagues and drown in everybody.
He gets bent out of shape.
Even though we knew ahead of time was all going to happen.
I mean, I'm telling you, folks, there isn't anybody with the IQ of a church mouse.
I, with the IQ of a tit mouse, if I can say that, who would believe these things?
Seriously, how could anybody with an IQ larger than their little finger believe?
Already straight.
I just can't buy it.
I just can't deal with it.
And so all these people, the whole world, mostly this country, though,
I mean, the fanatical countries, of course, we accept that,
because we really believe that we're not one of those,
which is, of course, a major joke.
Ratt up in hypocrisy and bullcrap.
Scrape it all away.
It's all nature, man.
Nature just does its thing.
It just keeps rolling along.
Crap happens.
Just look at the bumper stick right back to your vehicle.
Okay?
Shot happens.
And it does.
So every time the, and of course the jackass is in the media,
you have to keep playing to this because, you know,
it's God and apple pie and motherhood and all this bullcrap.
They don't want to offend anybody.
Always have to play it safe.
They're all there looking for answers.
All these kids, all these cheerful kids, you know,
they were all a church looking for answers.
There are no answers.
Maybe there'll be an answer when the autopsy report comes back,
but again, that's a natural answer.
It has to do with nature, it has to do with health,
it has to do with somebody's physical health or lack of.
It has nothing to do with God.
It has nothing to do with somebody who's a good person,
a bad person, an evil person,
had skeletons in his closet.
It has nothing to do with any of these things.
But we go through a life like I said about my clupe ability.
It was on Hank Show a couple of weeks ago talking about
some dead jack up on the sky and he's looking down.
You know, he's not looking down.
He's rotting in a box somewhere.
Why do we, even as we become adults,
why do we have to talk on such a juvenile level
that we know is just, you know, a feel-good kind of talk?
I'm not into feel-good talk.
You know, I'm just into real talk.
I just talk about things the way they really are.
And a lot of people I discover.
I think most people can't cope with that.
They can't stand it.
Oh, gee, you're saying all these things
and you can't say them why?
Well, I don't know. I can't deal with it.
Why?
What's the problem?
I mean, you know, did Hitler get, like,
terminal cancer at the age of 30 and die of premature death
so we could save all those people?
No.
There are evil, rotten, nasty people
who lived to be like 1900 years old
and there were good people who died like this soccer player Vinnie,
so under 17 years old.
And everything in between.
There aren't any spiritual answers for it.
There's nothing to be looking for.
Crap happens.
Non-selectively, indiscriminately,
it just keeps rolling right along.
Nature.
Long before we were here
and long after we're long gone, the human race,
nature will still be doing its thing relentlessly
and infinitely forever.
Oh, you can't say these things.
Okay, I'm on.
Here's a mobile in Del Rey Beach.
Morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Listen, speaking of fat in the arena,
I've got a person sitting next to me in section 112
that ought to be seen in half of my seat.
Yeah.
And you got somebody to seat down.
That's pretty big.
There was a guy last night there, a couple of seats down.
I was pretty happy.
He was squeezed in the one seat.
And the couple was in the way.
A less and pitiful defensive performance in our own zone.
What's there to talk about?
Okay, it was another one of those awful games.
Very bad.
Very disappointing.
Very mediocre would be a compliment.
I agree.
Keep it a wide open.
You sit.
Now, where you sit, do you see the red light?
No, and I sit right almost right behind the goal
on the kitty corner.
I still can't see.
Now, did you notice someone would you got the second goal
that tied the game, which would nearly have been a very explosive moment in the arena
that most of us were sitting on our ass for at least several seconds until we realized,
oh, guess what? It's a goal.
Because nobody can see the red light.
Did you notice that?
Yeah, not only that, but there was some question as to whether it was high-sticked.
I thought actually melons be had to have that...
It looked like it hit off something, but it happened so fast.
But the point is that the red light went on,
and nobody knew that it was in the net.
That's the point.
Because we don't have a red light that anybody can see.
And there you go again.
Neil is right one more time.
You're right, but I'll tell you what, Ray Whitney is God.
And thank God for him.
Yeah.
OK.
By the way, bad news for Panther fans.
I don't want to say I told you.
So some people were coming up to me yesterday morning here in the station,
and then last night before the game, it said,
oh, when's he coming back?
When's Paul Belk?
I said, when is he good and ready?
And they looked at me like, what do you mean by that?
Well, you'll find out.
Burray on hold is what it says here in the paper this morning.
Right wing, Paul Belkbury was re-evaluated by Panthers or the Peterxergin David Atarian before the game.
But nothing has changed with the status of his knee injury.
Oh, it says so.
So I guess he'll be back one of these days.
Anybody have a heart or a liver?
No.
Oh, heaven, blot here and be in real time.
Oh, a tree in the lake.
Making those millions takes you me fall.
Oh, a tree in the lake.
They all have blue eyes and their heads.
And they might come from Stockholm.
You know that no-one will cry.
It came from there.
God, sure, a tree in the lake.
That come a show.
And a the faith.
These are the Swedish things.
We're really good at our fastball.
Oh, a Swedish thing.
And being crazy about your sport.
Oh, a Swedish thing.
Feel like the top of a storm.
And free, see the snow.
Who pick and fight in World War Two.
God, sure.
A Swedish thing.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Oh, it's a beautiful thing.
10.45.5.60 W B D Q A M.
So anyways, one more I'll note on the hockey eating list.
that's not really about hockey. It's about young girls with real bad taste.
Last night, teams come out for the pre-game skate and here comes San Jose out there.
And Mike Ricci, who's one of the ugliest, the forget about sports athletes,
one of the ugliest human beings who've ever stepped on the face of the earth.
He comes out and all of a sudden, and this goes on in every ring by the way in the league.
There's about a dozen of these young 10, 12, 14-year-old girls
with their faces pressed against the glass just emoting.
And blowing kisses to them and he's laughing and waving back,
I'm serious, this man is so ugly with a long, uncompared,
the nose that could just, maybe the nose is like a phallic thing to them.
That could be it. I mean, the glass was moist.
They were like slathering on the glass.
They're trying to get over the top of the glass just to reach out and grab.
I mean, good news for a lot of people, I guess, that women have very bad taste in men.
So ugly and grotesque, I wouldn't touch him with your hand, okay?
I'm looking at a board here this morning and looks to me like this should have been
a good vacation week for me.
This is unbelievable.
I was just saying to George, I mean, nowhere else in the world,
in the history of mankind, even in Geneva, New York,
I could have done the first 40 minutes that I did here this morning
and have a whole bunch of people willing to talk about any of these things that I talked about.
There is not a call on this board.
Yesterday was brutal, even for a Monday was especially brutal.
Today, obviously, it's going to be even worse.
They have nothing to say about anything.
This is the week that the town ran dry.
Let's hear it.
They have nothing.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Is this station on the air?
There are so many days I come in here.
I go through my song and dance for a half hour, 20 minutes, 40 minutes in this case
and I wonder myself, are we really on the air?
Is this just an exercise?
Is it like a dry run?
It's gotta be.
We can't really be on the air.
I mean, there can't be that many stiffs out there walking around on this town.
It's astonishing.
It's amazing to me.
And believe me, the deficiency isn't on this end.
I guarantee you that.
Okay, I'm impressed by the stuff I had to say today.
I'm blown away by it, so to speak.
I'm blown away.
But man, you people talk about slow.
Start it.
Maybe like I've said before, it's this radio station.
Okay, maybe it's Estero de Vastacio and it could be.
Because I have never, I've been doing this for 622 years.
I've never encountered such a dead group.
As this audience, this call and audience, man, they don't exist.
There was nothing you could say to prod them, to poke them, to arouse them,
to interest them, other than, hey, wants some free tickets?
Oh, which is really assimilating radio, by the way.
God.
And I wonder how come I'm the only one that says like about you.
Something as simple as the gold light at the hockey game.
And I'm the only one that has anything to say about it, even gives a craft.
These people are on a different wavelength, okay?
They're on a different planet.
They're the early bird crowd, the late bird.
I don't know what they are.
I mean, like last night, here we had two local events.
We had a heat game and a panther game on the same night,
both the sell out of the heat game, 18,700, even for San Jose on a Monday night.
Great job.
By the way, the people showed up last night, nice going.
And it still doesn't mean anything.
Because most of them still haven't got any idea why they were there.
What was going on?
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Okay, thank you.
Here's a mobile in Pompo, no, hello.
Mobile in Pompo, no.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how's it going, man?
Great.
Want to talk to you about the game last night?
Do you feel like in the first period where they, uh,
judge turned the light on?
Yeah, briefly, the girl judged screwed up.
Yeah, that happens.
Heat panic.
He poured on it.
You're right.
And reach, she has the gotta be the ugliest person in Earth.
Uh-huh.
Maybe if there was an optometan in the crowd, he could have helped all those young girls down there
by the glass that were losing all over the planet.
I'm sure if they were forming it to mouth for Mike reaching.
I don't know if they said that.
Like Brad Pitt.
And have a great day.
Okay, we have an open line in date to a brown.
At five six seven, oh five, 60 pound five, 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in four lotterdale.
Hello.
I hate to heat.
I hate the panthers.
I hate the dolphins.
I hate the Marlins.
Yeah.
I hate the Haitians.
Uh-huh.
Okay, great.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, this is long one.
Okay.
Okay, that's what we got here today.
Zippo, nothing.
Have we had a real call here yet today?
No.
No.
Are we going to get any real calls?
No.
Okay, take a few days off.
Neil, I mean, you show up every day and get to sponsor.
But this part of the show, I mean, any kind of response, any kind of verbal
intercourse here today?
No, I mean, you're like, uh, you're talking too much sense here.
They can't deal with it.
They can't cope with it.
They're all like, like mouth readers is what they are.
Let's see how long it takes before we get our first real call.
They might actually take it like two o'clock yesterday.
We started out with the real.
I'm not saying he was a real caller, but at least he was very
entertaining and amusing and bizarre.
And then that was the last one of the day.
Maybe we'll do it in reverse today.
Maybe 155 will get a sitillating call today.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay.
And Neil, I got to tell you something.
I hate basketball, but one thing that really pisses me off.
These players, especially Patrick Ewing.
And is common earlier in the season when, uh, when the, and the other thing
that's old news, sir, nobody cares about that.
We have an open line of day one and Broward 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile
online.
I talked about that at the time way back.
You know, about what can't put any bread on the table in the audio.
Nobody cares about that.
All right.
So don't be munching around with Patrick Ewing.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
I, I don't know yet.
I'm not doing great.
Well, I'm doing great.
The audience is on, you know, they're under the weather.
I guess.
About the panther under the desk is a my imagination.
Or is Bobby Sala playing in a fog?
He's the worst.
He's a disaster.
Him and his space.
That guy, he can't come complain about the defense of his team because they don't
have any.
They don't have any.
I mean, they don't have any defensive.
For him, they would have scored 10 last night.
Absolutely.
I mean, I'm no, I'm no, I'm not saying another thing.
They had two blind referees out there last night.
You know, and this is so typical of the so called panther fans.
They had, there were like nine penalties that the panthers, I mean,
flagrant penalties that the two referees didn't call two of them.
They used last night.
And then later on in the game in the third period, there was a flagrant
penalty by San Jose that the referee missed.
And then we go, Hey, ref, you suck.
And I thought to myself, boy, you guys are a good spot.
You're so lucky that San Jose didn't have like 10 power plays in a game and
hear the same morons over there on the far side.
That's all they know, man.
It's like put it on a cassette.
It's a stuck record.
Hey, ref, you suck.
You know, I know nothing.
You know, I came out to the game.
I brought a friend of mine out to the game last night.
Yeah, we had a good time.
The first period it looked like, like they were peppering the net.
And you know, their goalie just kept them, kept them, kept them in the game.
But after that, we were lucky to escape with a tie.
I'll tie you.
That's what, you know, that was a great day.
So what was his point?
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale, huh?
Good morning, Neil.
Yeah, sure.
Okay.
You made a misstatement earlier.
You said that Paul was the first, uh, Joufrajita.
Yeah.
The original 12 11, the first 12 were prior to Paul's conversion.
What was it that make?
Well, you just made a misstatement.
I wanted to correct you.
And the majority, very large majority of the, what was I wrong about the, uh,
fact that the, the, the apostles are the ones that invented Christianity.
Uh, Christ, the church was created, uh, created by, and after he 90 years after he died.
And, and at the turn of century, there were majority Jewish.
You know, 30 years, 30s after he died.
And that's a very nice, 90 years after he died.
30 to 90, the book of 30 years, that, well, what differences it make long after he was good.
45 years, there was 40 to 50 years between the book of first child.
Sure, that you say.
In the book of revival.
The point I made was and you can't refute it is it was a self-serving thing.
The Jews wrote the Old Testament and it said that the Jews were God's chosen people.
Well, it doesn't take a more than a three year old to figure out the reason that they would write that.
Any, anyone, any more than self, how is it self-serving if they died for the cause, Neil?
Died for what cause?
10 of the 12 original.
How about the, how about the Jews that died in the acquisition and the crusades?
How about that?
What caused did they die for?
Because they didn't want to be made an offer that can refuse.
Sure, then you're doing what all the religions always do.
You're dancing away from my point.
And then it's all religious books are written to be self-serving.
All religions are made up for the benefit of the people who invented that religion.
You know that.
I would really enjoy doing these 20 questions.
I'll answer the first one just ask, self-serving.
When man gets involved, there's errors made in every aspect of religion.
And that is a, that is a, you know,
how did man get involved in the Old Testament when he handed, when God handed the five books to Moses?
How did man get involved?
Because Moses, Moses himself said, God, I can't do this.
I don't want to do this and God said, and let me do it.
Sir, let me ask you this question.
Have you ever seen a picture of Moses?
I've seen man's interpretation.
Have you ever seen a picture of Moses?
I've seen man's interpretation.
Why can't you just answer me a question?
Answer.
Have you ever seen a folder, right?
There was no folder taken of Moses that, but yes, I've seen pictures.
The same issues you have.
I thought the guy yesterday was good.
Here we go.
We got a guy today who has seen photographs.
I asked him very specifically, have you seen photographs of Jesus?
And he keeps saying yes, I'm waiting for him to say, no.
Okay, give me an honest answer.
Sir, it's a very, again, you want to make it very complicated.
That's the only way people like you can think you would an argument
by going into all this gobble to go.
It's not necessary.
Simple.
Whichever group wrote a bunch of bullcrap, whether it was the Buddhist, whether it was the Jewish,
whether it was the Christians, whether it was you filling a blank,
they wrote it for their own purpose, whoever believes what they believe,
they're the ones that are going to get salvation.
They're going to go to heaven.
They're the chosen people, yadia, over and over and over again.
Every religion, they got the true answers and everybody else go to hell.
How do you like that?
And he was going through that bullcrap too when he said, yeah, I like that.
They died for the cause.
Well, you know, something there's a lot of people,
the people at Jonestown died for the cause.
The Doh-Rey Me people, they died for the cause.
You know what that proves to me?
Proof to me they were crazy is what it proves to me.
Maybe they like Jello putting out or maybe they were thirsty down there in Jonestown.
Maybe they like a purple coolade.
Of course, that purple, you know what that means now, don't you?
Uh-huh, that's right.
Why is it that you ask a simple question to these people and they go,
but I mean, but I don't know what about they have to do it like a verbal tap dance
right through the telephone.
But I'm delighted.
So maybe one day you'll send us copies of those photographs you have of Moses.
Is that going to be holy Moses?
Uh-huh.
Probably.
There was no such person as Moses.
The only Abraham that I know was Abraham Solomon, my grandfather,
who died long before I was born.
I don't know any of these people.
Most of them never existed.
These are fables.
These are fairy tales.
Very simple point.
I mean, he's all been out of shape about it.
It's simple.
The Jews were God's chosen people because they wrote the crap.
Pretty easy.
Wow.
Is that complicated?
No.
Jesus.
Oh, sorry.
Oh, if you love George Martin's recent farewell CD in my life,
featuring famous Beatles tunes recorded by such tone-depth celebrities as Jim Carrey,
Robin Williams, Goldie Hahn, and Sean Connery,
you'll absolutely flip over his newest last adventure.
In my life, volume two, the follow-up to the original CD,
he had no business making in the first place.
Here, Jack Nicholson.
I am the A-men.
We are the A-men.
I am the walrus.
Two coo-coo-coo-free kitchen, man.
George Martin's in my life, volume two, also features Jerry Lewis.
Hey, play me, Madonna.
Children at your feet.
All rise up.
And you'll see, and I'm thinking,
love your cake is equal to, mm-hmm.
You wait.
This is what I'm saying.
It's just me.
Here, sir George, coax the bass,
down a Matthew Chandler Perry from France.
Who's there be more lonely people?
So what are you waiting for?
Pick up George Martin's in my life, volume two, today.
After all, it's easier than flying to New York
to Spidon John Lemons grave.
This is Tom Rokka in New York.
I read the news today.
Oh boy.
All seen tonight.
1202-550, Jim, I'm Daniel Lewis,
and then I might start paying attention to his one where they say,
we're all going to hell, but the Catholics, they're going to heaven.
Or if the Buddhist, the Hindus, yeah.
Sanders, in religion, I'd say, well, wait a minute.
Maybe these people are actually a little bit more honest,
or instead of just another bunch of self-serving fools
making up a bunch of crap for their own fun and profit.
This guy before, I mean, if you want to engage me,
I mean, wasted too much time in my life
with those kind of discussions.
Like I said before, all of these things, very simple.
Just scrape away all the BS, OK?
If you want to believe, you know, like that,
a reason I played the Howard Beale thing in network,
he says, I'm as mad as Moses.
Crazy than a bed bug is what that means, OK?
But this guy's got photos of Moses,
so we better take a look first before making a rest of judgment.
We have an open line and date, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5,
60, and 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Doesn't it just makes my blood boil when I hear these
supposedly intelligent people talking such crap
like a bunch of infants in a sandbox?
Oh, Moses did this and Moses did every time
man gets involved, he screws it all up.
Yeah, that's the problem.
You know, God couldn't get on his Gutenberg printing press
up there in heaven and just print all this stuff out for us
and make it real simple or put it out, you know,
every time we have the Virgin Mary instead of on the big sign
here at Times Square where they can see it all over the world
on satellite TV instead of that,
she shows up on the side of a bank building in clear water.
How about sky writing?
Or on a pizza at a Rosalope's house,
which we missed three days ago, by the way.
Yeah, sky writing would be good.
Well, you know, the people that see God's face
and they blink into all up in the clouds,
they probably have already seen that good stuff.
I mean, don't you remember Daniel and the lines then
and they were, you know, there was all that writing from God.
We're talking crazy people, man.
Oh, yeah, but that's only lately like Jim Jones
and David Kuresh, yet I think lately we've had crazy profits,
right?
Just remember, he's as mad as Moses.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, Neil.
I'm kind of listening to your dialogue and very much agree
with your contention as far as conventional religions are concerned.
Conventional religions?
Well, in the terms of whether it be Catholic, Jewish,
Presbyterian, things that most common day folk
would align themselves with,
what is your take on the role of the people
of the religion, not necessarily religion,
but let's say spirituality.
Is there something?
Well, that's one of my least favorite words,
spirituality because it's a gobbledygook word.
It doesn't mean a damn thing.
What does it mean?
When somebody says like our friend Rob Kaplan,
who used to work at Wandy, by the way,
I guess he wasn't spiritual enough for them.
He's not there anymore.
But when he was working with us here,
we were doing the TV show and he used to say,
I'm a very spiritual person.
And I used to say, what does that mean?
And he goes, I don't know.
Well, I think it's good.
What it means is that you actually,
you believe in a higher being,
but you don't, you're not in a shower.
Unless you go again with a God-bill crap.
What does that mean?
Higher being.
What does that mean?
What does the higher being mean?
It means that there's energy in force that's nature.
You believe in nature.
That's what it is.
Maybe it's a good thing.
So why can't it?
Now nature is a dirty word.
Everything else is a dirty word.
We can't say, and we can't say,
now we can't say nature.
That's a dirty word.
No, no, no, no.
You're mistaking, you're mistaking.
Why do you have to be spiritual to believe in nature?
Nature's the ultimate force in the universe.
Nature's what keeps everything grounded around.
Not some unseen guy or woman or a diesel bike or whatever it is up there
and wherever they're on a throne somewhere.
Now, don't you, can't you look at this
like some kind of a silly little fairy tale?
What about karma?
What about karma?
What about karma?
So there's no energy force that's carried when you die.
So that's it.
There's no energy that leads you.
There's nothing, there's no karma that's it.
I mean, at the beginning that's the end and there's nothing else.
You want to answer to that question, sir?
Yeah.
You're dead.
That's the answer.
When you die, you die.
Hmm.
Good be, but...
What do you mean could be?
It's science.
When you step on a cockroach,
you stand there and you stand back and wait to see the karma
kind of like filter off into the esoteric somewhere.
Is that what happens?
If somebody goes out and shoots a raccoon in the neighborhood,
if they shoot a cool in a hood,
I mean, they wait to stand back and see.
The karma is zipping off into the outer reaches of the universe.
No, but...
It's ludicrous on the face of it.
You can't accept death, sir.
We are born.
Let me say it again.
I know this is a very sad thing,
but that's the way nature works.
Nature doesn't play favorites.
If you look at a flower, okay?
Hmm.
If you plant a seed in the ground and you watch it grow,
and you watch it bud,
and then it's, you know,
the leaves come and it's beautiful for a short period of time,
depending on what kind of flower like a rose.
And then it wilts,
and then it gets a darkened color,
and then the leaves fall off, and it dies.
That's every kind of life on the face of the earth is exactly like that.
And that's just a microcosm of all life on the earth.
So there's no connection between the death and the birth of anything else?
Now we're not talking silly stuff like reincarnation, are we, sir?
Well, I mean, I don't know.
You think we have a shortage of people in the world now?
Not with five billion people.
I can't go in the retuba, you know,
1.8 billion people in the world that got over five billion people.
You think that we need to be transplanting souls,
if there were such a thing from one person,
but how do you do that?
Yeah, I don't know, you know.
So I talk all the hysteria about cloning people.
I don't know what terms of it.
We already have identical twins.
You can clone all the people you want.
It does make any difference because they're not the same person.
They're still individual people.
They can all look alike,
but they're still individual people.
All right.
Right?
Good day, but I don't know.
Why is it complicated?
What is it that you're saying that you don't understand?
It's not that it's complicated.
It just certainly seems like there would be something either connecting us
either to the future or the past or...
Like why?
Why would that be?
Well, have you, you know, I don't know how long you've lived,
but have you noticed anybody from the past coming back?
I don't know.
I certainly can't.
I mean, if you drive by a senator,
you hear any knocking sounds like people on the inside knocking
to try to get back out.
Have a great day, Kyle.
Okay.
Yeah.
Knock three times.
Oh, come on. Maybe they'll let you out.
See, now, I do want to say this to you,
because we have a lot of superstitious people out there.
Don't be cremated because if they ever come up with a cure
to bring you back to life,
don't be cremated because then they can't bring the ashes back to life.
But if your body is still there and pretty good shape and at,
uh, aren't they going to be digging up all the dead people
and bring us back to life?
Huh? No.
In a couple of thousand years,
we'll wake up and say,
gee, that was a good sleep.
Man, I needed that rest.
So don't get yourself cremated because you throw those ashes
over there in a bis game bay or something.
Man, you got no chance.
Just a thought.
Well, I've got to give them something to hang on to.
Don't you understand?
At least, what?
At least there's a possibility there that you might make a comeback someday.
It's certainly more scientific and more rational
than all of this supernatural,
a hocus,
a hocus he was talking about,
the spirituality.
That's another man-made word
that doesn't mean a goddamn thing.
I'm a very spiritual person.
Yeah, that means you're probably doing it with, with your priest.
We have an open line of Broward to and date,
56670560,
pound 560.
Forced back radio,
WQ,
and a whole blast.
That's so s**t.
Honey, I know we haven't had sex in a long time,
but are you sure it's not too soon after the operation?
No, I'm ready and we're ready to go.
Hi there.
Hey, hey, what the hell are you doing in our bedroom?
Wait a minute.
It's a Dorosel guy from TV.
Say, I see you've got one of those new,
frangled, D-N-I-L-M plan.
Yeah.
What kind of batteries you got in there?
Inware.
In the implant.
It doesn't use batteries you've dorked or kidding.
Hey, anything else in here use batteries?
Wait a minute.
What buddy?
How about this double-headed dildo?
Look at that sound.
Wow, look at it.
What kind of batteries you got in this stuffy?
That's what we use in all our marital aids.
And why that?
Because Dorosel lasts longer.
Yeah.
You can see why that would be important.
I want to talk to her mostly.
She's fridges.
I am not.
I've had more gathers with all the others.
What other?
Why don't I just let myself out?
Dorosel.
No other batteries lasts longer.
I suppose you want to screw in too.
Okay, it's 11.15 to 5.50.
You have the reason I played that.
She does always a reason.
There's always some sinister reason there.
It's because I'm thinking of this last guy
that called about the energy.
You know, Linda energy, right?
She's full of crap.
But I'm thinking I sit as George's
during a break.
If maybe they stuck an energy,
energized your bunny and your rectum.
And energize your bunny and your ass.
And a time X watch in your heart.
Then you could keep going and going and going.
As in like that.
And then you could take a looking and still keep on ticking.
There you go.
Bring back that guy, damn John Cameron Swaysie.
Let's dig him up.
He ought to be ready for a comeback.
They can't accept death when you die.
You're dead.
Oh no, how can you say that?
We don't go anyplace else.
There isn't something better than this.
I don't know what's so bad about this.
I mean, you know, if your life is that bad,
there's always that option out.
What else wrong with it?
Here's Miami.
Hello.
You're such an asshole.
Yeah.
You're in.
Dick.
Okay, thank you.
He was Neil.
We have an open line of date.
5.6.7.05.60.
You see there's the good argument you get from the audience.
There's a kind of logical response you get.
They can't deal with it.
They can't go.
Of course he's listening.
Thank you for listening to 5.6.9.
I'm Busser, where you'll hear Hank at 2.6.
Ed Kaplan and the gambling show at 10.
Somebody asked Ed last night.
Is there a heaven?
He said, don't bet on it.
Here's Tamarack.
Hello.
Tamarack.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Frank.
Frank from public.
What is it?
Frank.
Oh, hi, Frank.
How you doing?
Speak up.
Speak up.
Speak up.
I'm not a school again.
I got to take that.
You can have it.
What did you do?
I told the teacher off again.
When you say F-Off?
No, I told me to speak up to class.
You know, and I call them up.
It's crazy.
It's a good way to get some good time off.
I guess I'm good quality time in bed.
I've got to go work on my dad.
I've got to go help him.
He does the tiling.
There you go.
I'm making money.
Exactly.
What do you guys talk about religion?
What do you mean by that?
What do you guys talk about on the radio?
What is that?
You guys have an argument about religion?
No, there's no such thing as religion.
So there's nothing I argue about.
It's all bull crap.
You think, sir?
I know, sir.
What about Catholic?
Like I said, Frank, I hate to break the news to you.
There's no umboises.
Just stay away from that Pope, Frank.
Stay away from those priests.
Yep.
When they try to lock the door from the outside
and the confessional just break your way out and run like hell.
So what do you think about that tag game with the panties?
It was a ponderous.
Pretty there.
I was there.
Yeah.
Pretty weak.
I know.
My advice is always take a good book.
I know, right?
Don't do it again, Frank.
I won't.
I'll see you in public.
Okay. Bye.
Okay, that's Frank.
You keep getting suspended from school.
Why he's really diskipping out of here at the show?
And I can't blame him.
We have an open line in table and in Broward, 56670560
and pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Waiting for some really intelligent people here today
who can really tell it like it is.
Okay, because I'm wrong, as usual.
I'm full of crap.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm just a bad guy.
Try to pee on everybody's parade.
I'm just not a spiritual person.
I'm just a quote-hard bastard.
That says that when somebody dies,
he's not up there and heaven.
Let's point up there.
This is for you, baby.
Up there, up there, somewhere, up there.
People acting like, you know,
it's amazing with all the technology we got.
We build all these horrible nuclear weapons
and we build these amazing computers
and all these discoveries that the biochemists come up with.
All these amazing things that we can do.
And yet, emotionally, the human race is still like
in kindergarten.
They're still like at nursery school.
They haven't even been packed off to kindergarten yet.
They're still in nursery school on an emotional level.
Oh, but the good book says...
Here's a mobile in Pemberk Pine.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir. Hi. How are you doing, Daniel?
Okay.
Okay, sounds good.
Looking up, I've been looking to you for a lot of years, man.
I want to let you know.
Don't get sick of the people out here.
You know how people feel, Daniel?
You know that, yeah?
What does it mean?
As the people that start there,
you know, people cannot come back alive.
So, you know how I go?
You have been already up for a lot of years.
You even have audience for a lot of years.
And you know that you have an audience that down here
and start falling.
And they're not coming back either, thank you.
No.
You know, I take notes.
That's right.
You're right.
You're not coming back.
You can't make them come back.
Hey, man.
This is what I'm moving on with you doing.
I'm going to say, you are a very good host.
You know, you can have a lot of time.
I'm the host and you know what you do with the wafer
and the host, don't you, sir?
Okay, I'm going to take a pass here.
Open wide.
We have an open line in Broward, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
What are you laughing about?
Is that what you do with that wafer?
They stick a wafer in your mouth.
They're drinking that wine.
Oh my God.
And let me say it again.
If your priest had his ellipses on it,
cup, don't go anywhere near it.
Don't go anywhere near it.
By the road, too.
Head is ellipses on it.
And the cup, too.
Because you know all the stuff that's going around these days.
Oh, by the way, there's Joe Castillo,
who was the start to hockey game last night.
He got his push on the big screen up there.
Wave in like a real hand-bone.
Just caught a little glimpse of that.
Oh, there's Joe Castillo.
Here's a mobile and sunrise.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Great.
You know, you're really ruffling the fanatics feathers today
with that religion, aren't you?
What do you mean by that?
I'm talking common sense.
I laid it out there very simplistically.
There's nothing complicated here.
Very simple.
People invent things for their own purposes,
and then they start screaming at everybody.
Else is that I'm better than you are.
And they're awful of crap.
There was an old commercial that used to say
it's not nice to fool Mother Nature.
Right.
And that's what they're trying to do.
That's right.
They try to give someone else credit in its Mother Nature.
They can't even accept Mother Nature.
They have no respect.
See, it's a very good excuse for not respecting nature
and just to destroy it and get everything you do in your wake.
Because, well, you know,
it's going to be nature's not important.
There's some higher power than all of that, you know.
We'll crap.
Tell them to dig up some of the grandparents
that are supposedly in the ground or...
And you know something when they open up the box,
I hate to break the news and they'll still be there.
Hey, and they'll still try to...
I mean, you can't...
How can you go...
How can you go bowling in heaven when you're just a spirit?
When you have no body?
You know what I'm saying?
You know what I'm saying?
You know what I'm saying?
You know what I'm saying?
You know what I'm saying?
You know what I'm saying?
You know what I'm saying?
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
Is anyone...
Oh, I always win because I'll get some...
I get some...
A sadistic sense of enjoyment from rattling these people's cages.
And what was the...
That guy talking about before me,
I couldn't understand where he was saying.
Yeah.
Well, he'd be speaking bubonics.
He's got a bad form.
Had a great day, pal.
God bless you.
Okay, we have an open line in Broward,
567-0560.
In God, we trust God.
Bless you.
About a beat, but about a needle, God, you know.
I mean, if it makes you feel better to talk this way,
it's of a, you know, go ahead.
You know, the words that I want to say on here that I can't say,
make a lot more sense than God.
If I want to say it's a pile of...
I mean, people don't know what that means.
They say it all the time.
Oh, no, the government will be all bent out of shape if you say that.
What is that?
Christosalthon.
Another date?
Yeah, I mean, that's all it could possibly be.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
How are you doing?
Okay, sir.
I agree with you on the subject of religion.
I believe in the theory of evolution and everything.
But I'd like to change the subject for a second.
I can't answer.
A question to ask you.
Is it legal for the cops to break traffic laws like they do
and their cars...
Unless another cop comes along and pulls them over,
which happens about twice a year all over the country?
I'm just saying, shouldn't they make another cop to another...
Sir, I think this is as ridiculous as religion.
You're living in a fantasy world now.
They've got the authority.
They've got the badge.
They've got the uniform.
They've got the gun.
They've got the power.
And they're going to do whatever they want to do.
Their motto is, don't do what I do.
Do what I say.
That's kind of like a parent.
Huh?
Kind of like a parent.
Exactly. Like a teacher, like a parent.
Don't do what I...
Like a politician.
Don't do what I do.
Do what I say.
I say all the good things that sound great.
And I do whatever I want.
That's their motto.
All right, I just want to...
And my best advice is don't screw with them.
All right.
I'd like to have a great thing.
Again, you know, you can live in the real world.
You can live in fantasy land where you have everything like,
oh, wow, this is the way it ought to be.
Well, guess what?
That's not the way it is.
I mean, sure.
I don't disagree that the cops are going to obey the law,
but pretty much they do whatever they want.
And usually get away with it.
We have an open line in date.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
and then I pass the lane and pass the lane, which is for passing only, and passes, I mean for the turn lane, for turning only, he passes me and that lane goes by me 80 miles an hour on Ives Dury Road.
There was a cop sitting on the corner with another one of his speed traps over there paying no attention.
Every time I've ever seen this happen in my life, which I see it as Zidian times, guys like Zuman buy in the wrong lane, 50 miles over the speed limit.
Have I ever seen a cop pull a moment, not once.
But if you're going like seven miles over the speed limit and the cop happy to look up at the right time, you're screwed.
Nice going by the way you porkers when you're going to get somebody's banana boat people in their little brown corollos off the guy that rode already, huh?
Man lunatic and it's interesting that there are certain types of people I don't want to say anything about who they are or what they are on Ives Dury Road,
but I'm coming to work every morning and that they just talk about making up the rules as they go along.
There are no rules they just do whatever they're all over the road as fast as they want to be.
Here's a mobile in Miami hello.
Hey Neil, yes sir.
Long time listener second time caller.
Okay, I agree with you on this religion thing.
It's all a pile of crap.
Yeah, and I would just want to step off for that for a second and talk about hockey.
I got turned on to hockey with you and I was watching the San Jose game last night.
Uh-huh and at the end of the second period, I don't know who was the commentator last night poppin.
Same same ones that are on the game every night sir Jeff Rimmer and Denise pop in well, he said at the end of the second
quarter, the second period that the score was one to zero.
The Panthers were leading.
Yeah, and they're behind well, what's the what's the difference is it make another team made a mistake and you call me to tell me that he made a mistake.
Thank you.
There is a great call to a radio show.
All the announcer made a mistake just like I had a fact here that Rimmer said it was the flyers last night instead of the sharks.
Oh, you made a mistake.
Unbelievable.
We have an open line indeed 5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line.
If I were you sir, I'd be rubbing my rose rosary beads all day just hoping hoping to get forgiveness for that call.
But I don't think it'll happen.
You know, I was once surely mclaiming in the prior life. Did you know that?
Uh huh.
We go. We go. Come here.
Oh man. Don't you ever take a bad.
What are you doing? Where are you going?
You don't want me to leave now.
I can blow bubble.
And the stock is that producer.
I can do it.
I don't think he's ever used our losing dad.
And they look like this.
And in fact, that's where we'll make you.
This is your funny.
I'm not going to like you.
He's getting mad at the fun.
Everyone's been scusted and scared.
Walk through hallway sideways.
And he covers his glory along the edge.
While the saddies are pale.
He's such a handsome young man and pleased in the low.
We're not too sure what's going on there.
Stay away from me.
Or...
Josh Freeman.
That's the ugly thing he's funny, but he's no sad agent.
That's what he's an angel.
Don't come near me.
Josh Freeman.
He's so nice.
He's a little bit discreet with his cheap and annoying money.
But he's selfish about it.
He gets bad.
Got so bad he's got things floating.
Stewing wretched by all over the room.
There's staples up and down in the roof.
Just to hold in all that greasy old food.
Stay away from me.
Josh Freeman.
That's what he thinks I dare.
Is Chris Moore that like me?
How do you think he does?
Don't come near me.
Josh Freeman.
Come here, come here.
Somebody's thinking.
Somebody's feeling broke up here.
There's a thing he's been something called being an angel.
It's 1133 at 560.
QM, he is an asshole by the way.
We just had a spy report.
In the Sky Box and the QM Sky Box last night,
Al Leiter was one of the former Marlon's picture Al Leiter along with his daughter.
They were sitting in there trying to enjoy the Panther's game.
Unfortunately, thanks Josh Freeman.
Our anxious, much despised producer was in there at the same time.
Sucking heavy duty.
Sucking heavy, so heavy that Al Leiter finally got up with his daughter.
It said, let's get there a lot of here.
I can't take another second of it.
Oh boy, that's life shot.
It was just as hard as one of your fastball.
Like an Al Leiter fastball.
And you know, just sucking and sucking up and acting like a real jackass and just not giving this man one moment's peace.
Nice going there, Josh.
And see, so we go back to the thing about fat people, which I had no response of,
because there are a lot of you that are fat pubs out there.
I'm fat, but I got news for you.
I'm skinny compared to many of you folks.
You big fat slabs.
I mean, you know, Al Goldstein's a big fat slab, but he's a good guy and a good friend.
I mean, I'm not saying fat people are bad people.
They're a good fat people like Al Goldstein.
Then there's Josh Friedman and Jeff High.
You know, people who are some of them are objectionable.
Some of them are full of crap.
Oh man, in fact, you can feel the whole building shake when they take one.
We have an open line at Broward, 5667-0560 and 0.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hello, Neha.
Hi, don't worry.
This you're here that speaks with Billie Jean King last night.
You can accept it at awards.
No.
No.
Horrible speech.
Horrible speech.
One left, both of the other giving out awards there.
Yeah.
Yeah, let me ask you a question.
What's up with these churches today?
You've got to extract this.
You said there's no religion, but we're over here.
I'm Catholic and I'm supporting them.
Why?
I'm paying a mortgage here.
You're paying a mortgage for a new church here.
Why are you doing that?
Why are you supporting it?
Is somebody holding a gun to your head?
I don't know.
You're calling me up and asking me, how come I'm so stupid?
Why am I doing this?
I go out of the doctor and say, hey, Doc, how do I feel?
Why don't you tell me why you're doing it?
No, I'm not doing it.
I have everybody else around me doing it.
But I mean, I just feel obligated to say, hey, maybe I should.
I'm obligated to do what?
You mean just in case just to be on the safe side?
You're covering your ass.
Is that it?
Like so many of these phonies out there.
Just in case I better go and support it.
Well, guess what, pal?
You lose.
Okay, all the Broward lines are open.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and 0.5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Chris, read them after you just stuck his head in the door and handed me this.
And I have no idea why they're doing this again.
I guess they give the impression of looking like our promotion department is really doing something which we know they're not.
The QAM van will be in the Toys R Us parking lot at North East 167th Avenue and 6th Avenue in North Miami Beach, right across from Crispy Cream Donuts.
Boy, do I love Crispy Cream?
Can't eat them anymore, but I love that place.
They'll have passes.
This free passes to the Dan Marino celebrity golf tournament this weekend at Weston Hills Country Club and Miami Hurricanes basketball tickets for Tuesday, February 16th against Pitt and Saturday, February 27th against Rutgers and I turn you larger on T-shirts.
They have all of those things and they're there.
Yeah.
And they'll be there.
They'll be there in the parking lot right there at Toys R Us across from Crispy Cream Donuts.
Anybody want?
All of these things.
Probably not.
Anybody going to show up there?
No.
Probably not.
Just like the last time and if they call you by the way, keep bugging me there and it doesn't even see what time they're going to be there.
Does it say what time they're going to be there on here?
No.
Just more wasted time.
Instead of like really doing some promotion here, billboards, some TV, promoters, radio station, the various people on the air here.
Now we're not going to do that.
We'll take the van out and give away some tickets to some stupid golf tournament that nobody wants to go to.
Just like I've told you before, people that go to golf tournaments.
Wow.
Here's a mobile.
Wait a minute.
Mobile in Miami, like I said.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Hey, I've never, this first time I've listened to you, I'm from out of town and I'm just on the tollway.
Uh-huh.
But I, about your talk about religion.
I assume you don't believe in God or anything.
Of course not.
I don't believe in fairy tales, do you, sir?
Yeah, I do.
But I just got to believe in fairy tales.
I don't believe in fairy tales, but I believe in God.
Well, how do you, how do you think everything got here?
Just based on logic.
I haven't got any idea.
Does it make a difference?
Yeah, it does, too.
A certain degree.
Why?
I mean, do you think it's just been here forever or about the, you believe in evolution?
Let me say that the, the religion is believed that God is infinite, right?
That he's been here forever.
So if God could be infinite, why couldn't the universe be infinite?
Why can't it have also been here forever?
It could have been here forever.
Yeah, so, so how will we ever know?
Would you know?
No, I don't know, but I think that way.
So what, what, what's the point of wasting all the energy when it's, why can't we just say we don't know it?
And it's not really very relevant to our lives today.
Why can't we just say that?
Well, you can't say that it doesn't matter to you, but I think most people really wonder, you know, how all this got here.
Why?
Why?
Yeah.
I mean, curious how we all came to be.
When you, when you go into a office building, you wonder, gee, I wonder how they, how many people that took the bill list and how it got here and what you were, you,
do you worry about how anything got there?
When you drive into a tree, you wonder, how did that tree get there?
Is that something you waste any time taking it about?
I mean, yeah, I've actually looked at trees and I said, you know, I mean, where did all this come from?
That's a central question.
People have always wondered.
The trees came from nature.
Where do we came from?
The trees came from nature like everything in the universe nature.
That's where it came from.
Where do you think the universe came from?
I haven't got it.
Let me see.
This is again the dog chasing its tail around and running.
I don't know.
I have no idea.
Let me see it again.
If God could be infinite, why couldn't the universe be infinite?
If you're willing to accept the concept of infinity, why couldn't the universe already always have been here?
It could, but some can't create it, right?
No, of course not.
If it was always here, how did somebody create it?
Where did God come from?
It had to start from somewhere.
Where did God come from?
Who have invented forever?
You've been there forever.
Well, that's what I just got through saying here again.
The argument is so juvenile and so weak.
No, it's just the self-defense argument.
If infinity is possible in terms of God, then it's possible in terms of the universe.
The universe has always been here and always will be here.
It's a concept.
It probably, and it probably make more sense that if there is a God, he spoke it into a good thing.
And if there's a God that all these wars are going on, and there's all this cancer and vermin,
and all these grotesque things that God invented since he invented allegedly all these forms of life,
yeah.
Why?
Why did God invent cancer?
It didn't invent.
It didn't invent cancer.
Where did God come from?
Who invented heaven?
The devil?
Now, it's a part of life.
It didn't come from the devil.
I mean, cancer is a part of life.
It just happened like everything else had just happened.
Thank you.
Excellent argument.
Just happened.
Like I said, huh?
Isn't that what I said to being in the show?
Crap.
Happens.
That's all.
It happened.
Just like everything else.
We're here.
You know, there were all kinds of, there were amoebas.
There were all kinds of primitive forms of life.
There were the dinosaurs.
There were all of these things.
And here we are today.
And this guy's worried about, well, how did we get here?
How did I get here?
I don't give a flying crap how we got here.
I'm here.
I'm going to do the best I can.
Okay.
I'm never going to know.
I don't know anybody that does know.
I don't know anybody that was around billions of years ago.
So in the meantime, I've been wasting my energies.
And believing a bunch of stupid crap that were written by men,
self-serving stuff for their own people,
or people that were dumb enough to believe it,
I'm just going to let go of and live, okay?
Oh no, you can't do that.
Oh, my God.
Oh, never take off your underwear only to find a great big
whole brown stain.
Man, it happens to all of us.
It could be the fact that you didn't wipe your ass good enough.
Or it could be hemorrhoids.
Yep.
Well, introducing magic fingers.
The all-new anal ointment to cure hemorrhoidal itch.
Magic finger.
Just a little dab there and you're under wear rubber between your cheeks.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah, that feels better.
Magic finger.
The new anal ointment to cure hemorrhoidal itch.
Because it's about time you got off your ass and did something about those hemorrhoids.
Hey, people see you digging in the hall there, man,
then you get your fingers all stinkin'.
Oh, it's a bad deal.
Magic fingers.
It does the scratchin' so you don't have to.
Magic fingers.
Because it's a bitch.
Oh, you got a head.
Head club 45 at 560 WQM, the Heiglberg show at 2.
And we got the booster six o'clock tonight.
Ed Campeland with odds on games with players that haven't even been born yet at 10 o'clock tonight.
Some of them re-incarnated.
Here's a candle.
Hello?
Candle.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil, yeah.
I'm a specialist in the background of the George.
It's a price of admission.
Yes, it is.
Yes, sir.
I think there was an earlier caller who wanted to know what it was all about.
Alfie, yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, I'm curious, too, but.
Curious about what?
Why does, I mean, when did the universe happen?
Why are you curious about that?
Why?
Since it's something you cannot possibly ever know the answer to, why would you waste a millisecond of your energy and time even considering that?
What does it make?
It just makes a difference in the sense of curiosity seems to drive technology.
It does?
Well, human curiosity does.
Drives technology.
So in other words, we've been able to get to this point where we can do all these computer things and all of our other amazing technology and send people an outer space and bring them back.
And without knowing the answers to these questions.
To God, yes.
No, not to God, to how we got here.
Forget about God.
Well, well, well, well.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
How we got here?
Oh, no.
So where does God come into that?
No, I'm a born again, Ethan.
No, actually, what I really, what I really called to say was, in the second page of the year old, there were some people putting out a church fire.
Three firemen died.
Three are, I don't know, in some kind of condition.
Who put out a fire and supposedly, uh, placed a worship.
Yeah.
I mean, I don't get it.
Well, God was busy worrying about that soccer game in Hellendale.
I guess.
That's right.
No, priorities in order, pal.
You better get with it.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I like to study things, but...
Study, how can you study?
You can study evolution.
Yeah.
You can study history as much as we know of it.
But, uh, well, once you reach the limits of human knowledge, after that, what differences it make?
Interesting.
Well, have a great day.
We have an open line in date, five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
By the way, HG, uh, Wells was a real racist.
Did you know that?
I, uh, huh?
No, I didn't know.
As a kid, I read HG Wells outlining history, and I thought I was reading some unbiased stuff, and then I saw a documentary, I think, was on A and E the other day.
HG Wells was a real racist.
And he talked a lot in his writings about the inferior races and the Jews, and how these people will be certainly not be treated this way.
And that way, and yada yada, and, uh, yeah.
I just mentioned in passing, for these people don't know HG Wells from Orson Wells, from Chris Wells.
Here's the Carl Springs.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi, Neil.
Hi, Neil.
I'm here.
Oh, hi. It was a great thing on last night about, uh, for the religion in Pakistan.
Yeah.
Because of the, what the Quran and some other thing that they're killing the women, if they look at another man.
Right.
There was one family that, just, they were cousins, and they were friends, and the girl then was promised to another family.
She looked at her cousin during that period of time, and she said, this is a physician.
Mm-hmm.
They, uh, the families, asked them to death.
She should have kept it a veil secretized.
That's, yeah, if they lift the veil, they get killed.
Right.
They're in the sake of religion.
Right.
And I guess, you know, in...
Why does she, unfortunately, the women didn't invent most of these religions, and that's why they were, uh, taking, uh, rear seats, so to speak.
And when they taught, when they spoke to the men, the men were proud, but, but, but, but ashamed.
They were proud of what they did for their God, ashamed of their family, ashamed for their sister.
Right.
And that's why they had to kill them.
Yeah, that must have been a repeat. I saw that story. I didn't see it.
Yeah, they'd be thinking of late opposite went over.
Right, I was just truly amazed.
I mean, I don't believe in any of this. I mean, I believe like, you know, do no harm. I've been fine.
And all this, I mean, because I see all that bad stuff going on.
I mean, there is no God.
I feel so bad for people who have been so brainwashed.
I mean, they can give up the tooth theory. They can give up Santa Claus.
But this will, this garbage, this nonsense.
Oh. They just, no matter how long they've lived, how much they absorb, they just can't get rid of this.
And I think that people who indoctrinate their children with this garbage, you know, I think it's criminal.
I love a friend of mine wants to move back to deep into the Bible belt, because he feels that he wants his kids to be brought up with that kind of spirituality.
He's talking to me about it. And I'm like, there is no God.
You can't help but feel that kind of stupidity. Have you ever been through the Bible belt like in Tennessee?
Oh, yes. I mean, ignorance is like a virtue there.
But there's no way to the Elvis to return back.
He's, well, he's coming back. Give him some time. Have a great day.
Fine.
Okay. See how it was found out.
Well, hey, listen, if people are slept at a Graceland to see Elvis, they're schlepping the Graceland to see the King.
I mean, we're talking, we're talking there's only one thing besides sex and money.
There's only one thing important in this country and that should be education.
That's all that counts. Use that brain. I'm not saying everybody can be as brilliant as that nine-year-old bread on 60 minutes a year tonight.
Not everybody can be some kind of a child prodigy, some kind of a sport, a little uppity brat like him and be brilliant.
But we also don't have to be dust and hoppin' in Rayman. Okay.
It doesn't need to be. You don't have to be dust and hoppin' to know that Kim art sucks.
Huh? Yeah, no seriously. They don't have to be a rocket scientist or a complete moron to know that. Do you?
Oh.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
All right. Listen, I listen to you every day. I don't normally call these talk shows, but I got a call.
What I mean is these talk shows, like...
Well, you're a talk show. I don't call... Yeah, but regardless, that idiot they called about three calls ago that had all the answers but doesn't know where any of them came from.
Well, can't you just happen? Crap happens and that can.
But all the others have got invented it.
Well, here's if it's a good thing, got invented it. If it's something grotesque and unacceptable, well, it'll just happen to somehow man scoot up and that's what happened.
Well, you know, I mean, here's the thing. I always... Not always, but often I think about where things came from, just any other...
Why?
Well, I don't think about it. It just says, yeah, you know, kind of what...
I can honestly tell you, sir, I never have wasted one moment of my life, acting myself that question.
Well, where did the universe come from? Where did I come from? Where did my...
I am... You know what? You know what? How is it relevant to anybody's life?
It's not relevant, but the thing... What I'm getting at is that I...
To wonder about that is one thing. To sit there and think you believe that you know where any of this came from. You gotta have your head again.
I mean, how could anybody... There's one simple thing...
And have a... There's one thing that man refuses to say.
I don't know.
Yeah, that's the one thing they can't say is that we don't know, and we never will know.
So let's move on to something productive and, you know, do something good.
Yeah, George did a show, I guess, what about the three, four weeks ago, maybe a month ago, and he said something perfect.
He said, you know, anybody that tells you that they know the answers, they're lying to you.
Because how do they know? How do... Whether it's a priest, a rabbi, whatever.
And the more adamant they are in telling you that they know the answers, the more they've been brainwashed and the more impossible it is to discuss anything with them intelligently.
One of the oldest religions and one of the biggest made fun of religions is the Hindus, right?
Who's to say that they're not like worship and cast?
I mean, you know, it's just as crazy as worshiping anything else.
Right. So... They're all crazy.
They're all crazy.
But you have a nice little crap. They're not always malignant, but they're also the crap. And have a great day.
God bless you, my child.
Yeah, I mean, there are religions that are benign and they're ones that are malignant, but, you know, who needs it?
Who needs all this baggage, all this baloney? And that guy before that said, the best call I think was the guy with a spirituality.
That was my favorite.
Oh, but you've got to have your spirit. Well, what does that mean? It's another word.
It's another word that doesn't mean a goddamn thing. If I can say that, can I say that?
No.
Like I said, it doesn't mean a goddamn thing.
That guy was amazing.
And then you noticed by the end of the call he had already... I didn't talk him out of it. He talked himself out of it because he realized on the face of it how ridiculous it was.
Two open lines in Broward, 566705, 60.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Well, of course, these people have to talk about the sake of religion that's, you know, like we're going to stop you from killing the baby and we're going to kill you.
Or does it stop you from killing because killing is wrong?
Killing a baby?
No, they don't care about a living baby. You can go all living babies you want. The fetus is what they're excited about.
Exactly.
And then...
Negulous life. Not life that's already living. Like I've said, for 25 years now, once you're out of the womb, they don't give a crap about you.
But if you're in that womb, man, they're a psychotic.
They're in it with Brian Wilson.
Exactly.
Also, by the way, when you... When about an hour ago, when you were looking and dying for phone calls, I was calling in and you kept saying open lines in Broward and I kept calling and getting busy.
Well, maybe we'll have a problem.
Now, this phone system over here, this has always been a piece of crap since we got here.
Oh, I know. I just wanted to know.
If maybe this 5667 we got as part of a choking change or something, because there's something wrong with this phone thing, man. It's screwed.
Just one to let you.
It's part of the easily read way.
Here, go do what's shown. Make us a lot of money. But don't expect this to provide you with anything that works too good.
And I know what happens because I'm on my mobile, which is a 944 number. If I call the 56670560, which is Broward, then I'm getting busy.
But then if I value on 305, 5667, then I get through.
So I think it's your Broward line still messed up.
Great. Thanks for the good news.
Okay.
And God bless you.
How do you like that?
The phone system might be a little bit screwed up, huh?
Would that be a surprise to any of us here?
No.
Because they can't be bothered with these things. They're busy. I Greg Readwalking about it.
They're looking to beautiful studios I built for you.
Hey, and I got all the ball games.
Oh, it's scary. It really is.
We have two open lines in date or wherever those lines are.
I don't know where these game lines come from.
Anywhere in South Florida. 56670560, 0560 in a mobile one.
See, it's like the universe. I don't know where that came from.
I don't know where the goddamn lines come from. Same thing.
In fact, I think you got a better chance of getting the answers to the origins of the universe
than the origins of Bell South.
Where do you find Hank Goldberg?
Right where you got it?
Hey, the 430560 QAM.
The Neil Roger Show on 560 WQAM, Miami Fort Lauderdale.
Okay, 12 noon at 560 QAM.
I'm going to dispense with what I would usually do at this point just to inject a pointer to here
to prove to you that this is a kindergarten and not a radio station.
So earlier, we were talking about, and again, it was information that was passed along to me.
My people who were there in the booth last night.
In the booth last night, like Sam, the promotions guy, puts the, the, uh,
hundering.
And when I was talking about Josh Friedman,
and what he did to Al Leiter and chased him and his daughter out of our sky box at the Macarena last night,
comes over the intercom for everyone to hear.
Greg Reed, this is from Santa Promotion Guy.
Greg Reed turned on the Arrangers right now.
Like a kindergarten.
Juvenile, pathetic.
But does not, do I know I'm saying this?
We have an open line of date.
Not sure if I have never in my life, I work with good people, bad people, smart people, dumb people,
devious people, great caring people.
I work with all kinds of people.
What, what is it now?
They did it again.
Who did it again?
Who did it again?
Sam did it again?
I guess.
Sounded like him.
What a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a little piece of suckling cured you are, man.
Well, maybe he hates Josh also.
It doesn't, it doesn't make any difference.
It's just the whole idea that this man's idea of what he does in his work day is get on the intercom
and the tip off his buddy upstairs.
Hey, you better turn it on.
They're talking about what I'm feeling the blood.
It doesn't make any, that's not the point.
This is on a level that is so pre-viewed, best and so infantile.
It fits right into what that sports format.
Ah, perfectly.
That's why we've got all these people upstairs.
And in my lifetime, I've never worked in a place where there were a whole bunch of people
that I refuse to speak to and don't speak though.
We don't acknowledge each other as existence because it's Ding Dong school.
You understand?
We have an open line in day five, six, seven, oh five, six, and the, and the tragic part of it is
there's so much money flowing through this place.
We're not really sure where it's all going.
We have our doubts and all these trade-outs.
We don't know where all that stuff is going either.
We have serious doubts about that.
But boy, I'm told you talk about a major investigation beginning.
They forget about penis-cafe.
That's over now.
Let's get Ken star in here.
I bet you'll find some good pictures upstairs.
Here's Pember Pine.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
I just want to say the one thing that created everything is Neil God.
Right.
And Neil God.
The only God that we know of, sir.
That's it.
You know, all these people that worry about how we got here and who made was.
Isn't that pathetic?
They must have the most shallow lives.
I mean, they should worry about just doing the best for their lives.
They're the best you can.
Do no harm and do the best you can.
That's it.
That's all you need.
And they nature is this passionate and relentless and that there's nothing you can do about it.
So just do the best you can.
You know, I want to ask you a question.
Did someone bring you stats at a game last night?
Bring me one.
Stat statistics?
Yes.
Okay, watch out for that guy.
You know, I don't understand that.
It came down nice to meet you.
Here's some stats.
He had a full-it-up sheet of paper.
And I thought it was maybe stats from the least years of the game.
Okay?
Because why would I need stats at a game that I'm going to?
Why do I care about the Panther sharks at the game?
I know. What a moron.
There must be somebody you hate like Poison, huh?
Nah, he's my brother.
Okay. You're right.
Have a great day.
He too.
Okay.
Like I said, they hate each other like Poison.
We have an open line and date one and an Broward.
56670560.560 on a mobile one line.
I thought maybe Rimmer was sending me down something useful up there.
What is he doing at?
No.
Here's a mobile in Boca.
Hello.
Yeah, hi, Neil.
How are you doing?
I'm fine.
I want to make two points and I hope you allow me tonight.
Go right ahead.
Number one.
Okay.
Number one, you say that religion is all a bunch of words that...
Well, I say it's all a bunch of crap is what I said.
Okay.
Well, I love that.
Right.
Okay. Two things over here.
Number one, when you say Mother Nature, what do you think that's cloaking?
What have we described?
When we say Mother Nature...?
I never used the term Mother Nature.
I've never said that.
I thought I heard about 1520 minutes ago.
Well, somebody was talking about an old commercial, about not nice-dumid,
but butter commercial and margarine thing, not nice-dumid with Mother Nature.
It's a commercial.
But when we talk about nature, well, anyway, that's not the point.
What do we do?
Wait a minute.
Is there no such thing as nature?
There certainly is.
Oh, okay.
But what do we mean by that?
What is that force that controls through intelligently?
Everything that we call nature?
Well, intelligently.
You mean like it random and not intelligently.
How does it lie intelligent?
Well, it's not random at all.
Here's the point.
Oh, it's not?
No, here it is.
When you look at the human body...
The people that die in the church fire, there's a guy called them out before.
That was like somebody's plan that happened by it was beshered.
They happened?
Beshered.
Don't even know if it's beshered is one of the guys fires, and that's good.
Why is that beshered?
Yeah.
But the other thing is like that.
Oh, I got an orthodox Jew here, I think.
Oh.
When you look at it, you can see it.
Oh!
Sir, you don't wear the payus.
You're not laying to fill it in the morning.
You're wrapping those things around your arms, I...
No, you said you'd let me make it.
Sir, but I'm just asking you a question.
Are you wrapping your arms in those straps?
Yes.
Oh.
Oh.
Let's make these little deflected.
Oh!
A three times.
A four times.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Can I ask you before you go on with your next point?
Can I ask you one other question?
Sure.
Why?
Here's the reason why.
The reason is when you look at just the human body...
No, no, no.
I'm talking about laying the tephilis.
Why do you wrap those straps on your arms?
Why do you do that?
Okay, first one to make the point that I'll answer that is you care.
When you look at a human body, there's over a hundred trillion cells.
Sir, I want to tell you something.
When I look at my body and make it in the mirror, I know there is no God.
Okay, but Neil, and you know what I'm going to make the point?
I can promise you.
I can promise you.
When we've had that video of Al Goldstein and Ron Jeremy and Nicky,
I guarantee if you saw that, you would say,
I'll forget these bubble miceies, there is no God.
But you're not letting it make the point.
You're not being fit to your stuff until you're listening.
It's not letting me make the point.
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
Okay.
When you look at a novel that has maybe a hundred thousand letters,
what intelligent person would say that those paragraphs and those chapters and the punctuation,
and everything there just happened randomly?
That's just one novel.
Who would say that they happened randomly?
Somebody wrote it and somebody printed it.
Didn't happen randomly.
Absolutely.
And that's only regarding...
Oh!
And so that you would say only regarding the book that you have...
Regarding something man-made, yes.
Well, I tried to make a point over here.
Is nature man-made?
I think you've got the carpe before the horse.
No, I'm trying to give an example that hopefully you can relate to what that one.
And that is just like when you look at a house or a novel,
you would never think that it happened evolutionary and by itself.
No, because it's a man-made thing.
There's a difference between nature and something that's man-made,
even a bozo knows that, even a child knows that.
But Neil, here you're using the word again.
A man didn't invent a rock.
I mean, he made Bill the House, but he didn't invent a rock.
But that's exactly my point.
Just like when you look at a car or when you look at a house...
Sure, but you keep looking at the car.
He didn't invent the same thing over and over again.
We already know that.
Some things are man-made like religion.
Yeah, no.
I've talked about the world and the universe right now,
that it had to have been created by a god.
I want to start first at the source of things.
Why is that?
Why is that?
Because there is no other way to logically...
And in television...
There's nothing logical or intelligent about the notion of God
that's strictly on blind faith, on stupid, you know,
an idiotic faith that somebody made up a story, a bubble-micey.
It's not a bubble-micey.
Of course it is.
There is no other explanation that can explain such an intricate universe,
except for...
Except for nature.
And you just discard nature like it doesn't exist,
like it's something not to be paid any attention to.
Nature.
Nature is a word which represents some...
A force that you don't want to use to term for God.
What is nature?
What's wrong with nature?
Why do you have to bring in God and Abraham and Moses
and all these fairy tales?
What's wrong with the word nature?
It's a dirty word.
I mean, I don't know if you have time.
It's not a dirty word.
It's a word that is...
I want you to tell me why you wrap those straps around your arms
and you go through that barbaric ritual.
What is that all about?
Please tell us.
Okay, the answer is that.
Why do you do that?
Because once you come to the conclusion that nature is just another word
for God, an intelligent force that controls this world,
and then you read the Hebrew manuscript that we call the Torah,
which has been transmitted from generation to generation.
Why?
Not in the form of a telephone game.
It's probably the one of the strongest, most the most bad.
Oh, boy.
Let me ask you this.
Who wrote that?
Who wrote the Old Testament?
Well, the Old Testament itself said...
Who said that the Jews were God's chosen people?
Didn't the Jews write that?
No, according to the Torah...
Who wrote it?
Who wrote it?
Who put it down in writing?
The person who put it down in writing, according to the Torah itself, was Moses.
And was he Jewish?
And Moses, well, hopefully, was Jewish.
Yeah, so that's what you made my point.
You don't want to do it directly because that's okay.
But you're still not answering my question.
I've got to move on here.
What's the reason with the Thessalon?
My material is that once you conclude that it has to be a God's chosen people.
Why aren't you answering my question?
Why do you do that?
I do it because in the Torah, which was transmitted from...
...from generation to generation.
Holy!
Yeah.
...from Jewish people who stood around the mountain of Sinai, and heard these commandments.
Yes.
So that is why I put on the Torah because it is told to me that God, when I put on these food,
will make nature work in my favor that I'd be healthy.
I don't get...
Make nature work in you.
Why don't we need nature?
Why can't God just stick His magic finger down and say, okay, boom, you're all right.
Because God is nature, that's exactly my point.
Oh, thank you.
Oh, okay.
Thank you.
Wow.
I knew if I'd give him enough time.
He'd come around.
Wow.
We have an open line in Broward.
56670560.560 on the Mobile One Line.
1209 here on all Jew radio.
Why don't you go back to Canada, you two bastards?
In the tradition of the disaster musical, comes Andrew Lloyd Weber's Youth in the Attic.
The Anne Frank Diary.
You'll leave the theater humming those techy tunes like No More Bean.
I'm writing all this down.
Don't flush till a Nazis go home.
I turned in my parents for a stick of the Oatirant.
It's Jews in the Attic.
The Anne Frank Diary.
CD available now.
1214.560.
You know what I mean?
It's straight away, like I said, you take away all the gobbledy-gook in the double talk
and you get down to the very basics and every one of the conversations,
just like with this Orthodox maniac here before.
Oh yeah, well Moses was Jewish.
She's the one that wrote it down.
Self-serving.
Men, Jewish men wrote the Old Testament.
So they made it self-serving for Jewish men based on their attitudes
and whatever it was convenient for them at the time.
And since the former capital punishment was stoning people to death then
because they didn't have no electric chair,
that's what they talked about.
Like disobedient children, she'll surely be stoned to death.
Good stuff like that.
And then when the, you know, when the dissenters came along and said,
well, you know, we want to start our own cult because this ain't good enough for us.
Then they said, well, we got the real answers.
And if you don't believe in our answers, you're going to burn in hell, baby.
The devil's going to get you.
And this guy's talking about logic.
Logic tells me there's some kind of a god that would create a slaughterhouse like this.
Oh, but that's man, he gave man free will.
Well, maybe he shouldn't have given man free will.
Maybe he should have waved his magic wand and said, I don't like the way things are going.
Instead of drowning everybody, I'm going to change it.
I'm taking away free will.
I'm going to make paradise.
Not just the ones hanging from your rear view mirror.
I'm going to make paradise even for the Puerto Ricans.
That's right.
Isn't that the Puerto Ricans that have the dice in the eye?
I hope so.
I always get those spiky stuff.
I think it's the presidience.
Here's the sweet water.
Hello.
Sweet water.
Hi.
Yes, sir.
Yes.
I believe there is a god.
Yeah.
Why?
Because I think people make the mistake and they link god to religion.
Maybe what if religion doesn't have anything to do with God?
Yeah.
Yeah.
And maybe God created everything we have now.
But they have to know what is God.
What does that mean?
God is a force.
A force.
Yes.
Why can't you say nature?
You can't even put it that way.
God is just a word.
That's the way I see it.
What does the word mean?
Why do you feel necessary because you've been conditioned?
Of course you've been conditioned.
I'm not really.
You've been conditioned to the God will crap.
You've been conditioned to believe that it's so accessible to use the word nature.
If you say that nature is where everything came from, then anybody with a half a brain can understand that.
But when you start injecting the God word, you start talking supernatural, hocus-pocus, the tooth fairy, a goblin's out of the bed.
I don't know what that means.
What if religion has nothing to do with God?
Why can I just believe in God?
You can believe in whatever you want.
I'm asking you what does it mean?
You're not answering me.
You're telling me something that's synonymous with nature.
Why can't you believe in nature?
Why isn't that good enough?
I believe in nature.
Everything that happens happens because of a reason.
Everything happens for a reason.
Not like that.
Not because...
Somebody gets cancer of the kneecap it was for a reason?
Okay, thank you.
Well, he's thinking about it.
We have an open line and date, 5667-0560,
pound 560 on the mobile one line.
How'd you like that?
Everything happens for a reason and I give a grotesque example and like...
Okay.
Here's a mobile-informed lottery deal.
Hello?
Mobile-informed lottery deal.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hi, Neil.
How you doing?
Neil, I wish I could write all this stuff down.
I'd like to talk to you about it.
But I believe it's nature also.
It isn't God.
It was?
There is no God in nature.
There's only...
Deal, God!
That's the point.
That's a given, yes.
The thing that I did want to say was that all of these other religions,
if they took all of that money that they raised,
they could probably come up with the cures that kill us off.
Instead of praying to God to help the homeless,
one of these people go feed the homeless.
And I know a lot of people are doing some good stuff.
Instead of going and putting your hands together and praying for something to happen,
why not make it happen?
That's right.
We should all speak that.
Exactly.
Okay, and have a great day, God.
Damn it.
We have an open line in Broward, 5667-0560, pound 560 on the mobile one line.
See, if you're one of those people out there that's very...
And most people are cowards.
Most people are not...
Don't want to stand out from the crowd.
They don't want to think for themselves.
They don't want to be like a shun by the...
They don't want to be looked down upon by everybody else who's so much smarter than they are.
So if you want to be one of the masses,
whoever came up with that clause of that phrase right about the masses or asses,
absolutely corrects her.
The masses are asses.
They're sheep.
And the overwhelming majority of people, like all the people that run at Christmas time
and start beating each other up because they want the cabbage patch doll
or they want the...
Whatever the ones were this year, all the other stupid little ugly dolls.
Because they're being...
Like all the people that went for a Windows 95 and they were lined up at midnight.
They were lined up 8 million deep for Windows frickin' 95
because Bill Gates needed another $5 billion.
Terrifying.
Terrifying.
And when they show those Holocaust films,
all that grotesque footage which they keep showing over and over again.
And all those people are there, those stiff armed Germans with their arms out there
saluting the man with a mustache.
They loved it.
That's what they were looking for.
But I sure loved Berlin.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello?
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I don't. Great.
The people...
There either people worship in God because they're afraid not to worship in God.
Yeah.
It's fear.
It's called CYA Covering Your Hands.
Just in care.
I better...
I better release pretend that I do.
Exactly.
But also, they cannot accept the concept that when they die, they go nowhere.
Oh, come on. They gotta go somewhere like in the ground.
Exactly.
And don't shut that lid too tight by the way, just in case I decide to make a comeback.
All right, man.
Have you ever thought about that, sir? Are you gonna be cremated when you die?
Does it bother me that the worms eat me up?
Okay.
All right.
God bless you.
Well, that's what they say. Let the worms have a good meal, huh?
Or even a bad meal.
Probably get bad...
...indigestion.
Or maybe it'd be like a bad bowl of grits and give them some of that...
...limes with grits. We have it open-line and brown-eyed.
Five, six, seven.
By the way, how do worms eliminate...
...constantly?
What does that mean?
They eat constantly, eliminate constantly.
Or you just don't see it? Or is it just like that?
Oh, no, you see it.
Why I thought that was just dirt on the outside?
Oh, jeez.
I'm not going fishing no more.
Yeah, I think back to those days as a kid, we used to go fishing there in Canada.
We'll lake and put those worms on a hook.
Ah, I just thought that was dirt.
Oh, my God!
You mean to say that in my hands was all that worm?
Wow.
Heavy.
Here's a mobile implantation. Hello.
Mobile implantation.
Oh, doctor?
Yes.
Oh, I got the problem here.
Yeah.
But look at it.
You know, you kind of stole my thunder when you were just talking about...
Thunder, the nuns bowl and again?
Yes.
People are lemmings of their sheep.
Like you always said, I don't know if you got the chance to see that Bittlet Carlen did on HBO.
No, I've had a lot of calls about it. I haven't seen you yet.
You know, I mean, he's just made me make the great point.
You know, he just said that, you know, religion has got people convinced that there's an invisible man upstairs.
And...
The man upstairs there.
He takes his thanks to the good man upstairs.
He let me win his ball game, man.
He made me run fast and jump high.
Good man upstairs.
But he wants you to live by and you can only live by these ten commandments.
Right.
And if you don't, then you're going to go down and you're going to be, you know,
for the rest of your life, you're going to be burned and you're going to have to cry and suffer and take them in death and everything.
That Lake of Fire, man.
Woo!
I'm worried. I'm dreading that Lake of Fire.
Right.
That loving God that in case you didn't have by accident find out about all the good news,
that loving God is going to make you burn on it like a fire anyway, even if you never heard the good news.
And if it's free will, and he's got the divine plan that, you know, he's put into place and everybody's supposed to follow.
But when you go and you pray and you, you know, you go against this grand plan, then what he's supposed to do,
he's changed the plan for everything that you want to pray for.
Damn it.
Exactly.
You know, I mean, it's really disgusting, you know, that these people are, you know, just because they've convinced themselves.
And then they get very exercised. I mean, their parents have done such a great job of brainwashing from one generation to another,
that it's locked in.
I mean, you can't penetrate that great matter with a chisel. You just can't get through with a power drill. You can't get in there.
Absolutely right.
I mean, you know, it's just, it goes, it's just like you just said, that, you know, if society is betting one way, then the smart bet is, you know, the exact opposite.
Let me say it again. Santa Claus is God for a, God is Santa Claus for adults.
Absolutely.
And have a great day.
And God bless you.
Yeah.
Okay, the Lord be with you.
May the good Lord bless and keep you.
Oh, I'm sorry. I got cancer with the right toe. Oh, I'm sorry. The right foot. Oh, you well, you know, must be something you wait.
We have an open line in power. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, of course, that's all man made you don't understand that. Don't you understand it?
Man done that.
Like all the locusts. See, even in the Bible, the old Jew got up there. He doesn't play man for it.
He's the one that sent the locust down. He's the one who created the flood.
He's the one that did all of these grotesque, unacceptable things because you got pissed off. So we did.
Barnard East thing.
That's right.
So those people like to use the excuse. Oh, well, you know, every time man gets involved, he's the one that creates all these problems.
No, it was God that did.
Barnard East thing.
Right. Because you got pissed off.
In fact, one of the one of the least red things in the old testament is when God said,
pissed off gets me fired up when I hear someone say that.
Right.
That's right.
He is pissed, baby.
Oh, by the way, I'm pissed because I haven't even got into this yet.
I'll save it for tomorrow. Play a lot of Enrique tomorrow. I don't really piss you off.
Because I love Enrique Galicia's. He's a great.
It's better what George thinks.
There is a very caustic, you know, I don't want to get into you with music.
Because just like yesterday, you're never willing to admit that you're wrong.
It's got nothing to do with it. You like the backstreet boys.
All I said yesterday was that in last week's Billboard, all I have to give,
which is from the European album, the new single from the backstreet boys,
first week on a hot 100 is number five.
And this is over a year after you told me last year that a year from now,
nobody will ever hear from them. Forget about whether you like the music,
whether it's orchestra, whether it's orchestrated, a factory,
whatever you call it. That's not what I'm talking about.
The fact is, they're still here. They're still going strong.
The article gave them a four-year lifespan for all those confide bands.
Oh, the article gave them, I see.
But you told me a year ago, forget it.
And again, you're doing the same thing as these religious,
that diversionary tactic. It doesn't work with an old heart-ass like me.
But it doesn't work. What? I don't give them anything.
I don't know, but you will give them less than one year,
and you were wrong about that.
And Rika Iglesias' voice can't match charm.
Is this scathing review of Nika's Valentine's Day concert?
Lila Kobo-Henland, whatever kind of a name that is.
Don't you hate these hyphenated, God.
That's almost as bad as those made-up names like Neil Rogers.
But anyway, I'll get to this in a minute.
Maybe we'll even hear like a little...
Oh, yeah, and that's spiny. You'll know that.
Wow, that'll give them psychotic. Maybe not.
We'll see.
That's a good threat to keep the phones with us.
Hey, I love Nika.
Okay, I don't care what you say. I think his music is fine.
I think he's beautifully. He's a great guy.
He invited me, which I had other commemorative.
He had Shirley Brooks call me personal at home to invite me to his concert.
He can't think for sh**.
Well, if you can say that about Nika, I can say this.
So look at the glory holes.
Anyone bent over a chair looks the same to me.
Okay.
Outside of something hanging down there, their back is all like Hensie.
If you're just a little bit too side-poly,
I'll use some KY jelly and inside I'll see.
What's the matter who you do if they can't see you?
Oh!
When they're taking it up the tube.
Anyone bent over a chair could be a girl or a guy.
As long as there's not too much hair, then it should feel fine.
I want to give you a kiss.
Every time I see you around I smile and I'm riding from the high
Then I can inside and only think I'm straight to you down from getting hard.
Is when the other ones fart.
bent over the chair.
I don't care if you're legs up.
Okay.
bent over the chair.
I don't care if you're legs up.
I'm a child.
They're all cool.
God.
1231-560-WQM, you're six station for the 90s and we're very proud of it.
By the way, we have a fact here.
A great fact.
We only have several facts.
By the way, Poro, Chris.
We don't want to blame Chris.
Actually, Chris is a good guy.
Chris, read the nephew.
Don't blame him for being related.
He's a good guy.
We don't blame him for having to work with Sam.
In fact, we sympathize that he has to work with Sam.
Because he's an asshole.
He's an emotion man, useless and childish.
Childish.
Childish, useless and infantile.
Those are three excellent adjectives.
But anyway, turn on the near-rogor show, Greg.
Neil's saying all those things.
Well, you know why I say all those things?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
But anyway, Chris is sitting out there all by himself in the QA and Van.
And he wants us some companies.
He's got a bunch of stuff to give away to you.
The QA and Van right now, as I speak, is at the Toys R Us parking lot,
northeast 167th Avenue and the 6th Avenue in North Miami Beach,
right across from Krispy Kreme Donuts.
Come on, there's a few white people left in that part of town.
Well, there's not.
And we have free passes to the Dan Marino celebrity golf tournament.
This weekend, hey, I'm coming to work this morning.
And there's a dark-complexed listener of mine in the car coming out on the I'm a very rough,
great guy.
Rolls down the window.
God bless you, sir.
I just want to acknowledge you.
I love my dark-complexed listeners.
Because you want to know why, because they got a sense of humor.
Which, you know, they don't care.
Oh, by the way, where's that thing in the paper that's throwing you about the cool thing?
Oh, my God.
I'll get back to you, Chris.
I have no panic.
Where is that idiotic article?
Something about it.
Oh, yeah.
Fred Grimm writes, it's all a vast, cool conspiracy.
And I looked at that.
I thought, what the hell is about raccoons?
But I mean, I guess he don't listen to the show too much.
Fred Grimm at the arrow.
You can't be saying, cool conspiracy, man.
Are you out of your mind?
God.
What a paper that is, huh?
That freaking hero.
But in any rate, so let's see.
He's got a crispy cream.
He's got passes to the Dan Marino celebrity golf tournament this weekend at the Western Hills Country Club.
He's got Hurricanes Basketball tickets for Tuesday, February 16th, against Pitt, Saturday, February 27th, against Rutgers.
And also those fancy smancy, I turn the Arranger's on T-shirts, which you probably won't wear in public.
But you can like it when you put on your panties and bras, you guys.
You can put pranks around in the bathroom with the door lock real tight with those on.
So I'll go out there and help Chris out.
I'll pretend that somebody cares.
So here's a great fact that says you made a very good point earlier today when you said that man is afraid to say three simple words.
Okay.
What are those three simple words?
I don't know.
Those are the words.
You're in good company because thousands of years ago when the Jews and the Hindus and the Sun worshippers were spreading their furry tails and claiming their way had all the answers.
An old queen named Socrates said the first step to true wisdom is to admit that you don't know.
Guess what?
It's okay not to know everything.
That's life.
Well, we got a little frank son after in there.
We got that old queen Socrates.
We got everything in there.
That's life.
All you have to do is say, I don't know.
And even better than that, I don't give a flying crap.
How do you like that?
I mean, if I could know if I could know the answer by like reading a book or like whatever, then maybe I might be interested in knowing but since I know beyond the shadow of a doubt that I will never know.
I don't care.
Oh, how can you say that?
You must be very shallow.
No, actually, I'm a hell of a lot more intelligent than most of you.
Because life is short and I want to waste my time pondering and arguing about things that I can never really know the answers to and wasting my time with a bunch of people who are being led by the nose from stone eats superstitious people from thousands of years ago.
People who wrote stuff that was so laughable and idiotic that to believe it is to put a big sign on your forehead to paint it on there.
I'm a moron.
I'm a Lenning.
I'm a quizzling.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Heal.
Yes.
How you doing?
Okay.
I hate when the people probably say like God created earth and all these things.
It's like saying God created earth and put us here.
Why would he create earthquakes and hurricanes and the most different things?
Because he's a sadistic bastard that keeps getting pissed off all the time.
I mean, everything of the earth has a reason.
That's the things that we built.
The earthquakes and hurricanes are way of getting up the air.
Yeah, but what about Rutgers?
Okay, we have an open line in date.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
He had a bad phone.
Okay, I don't want to be.
Maybe he had something to say.
I'm not really.
I have my doubts.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
We're rolling along.
Sing it a song today.
Here we're getting them thick a little bit.
That's what it's all about, baby.
Getting them thick and in soft Florida.
That's a hobby.
You all should be taken up because there aren't too many thickers down here.
No.
Oh, there are a lot of stickers, but not too many thinkers.
That's the problem.
Get that great matter working before.
You know, you might be able to postpone that the denture cream and effort in for a few years.
You might be able to actually keep your real teeth for a few years.
If you just think a little bit, I know it's not easy down here.
I know this is the land of the lost.
This is La La Land.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale, huh?
Neil, guess what I'm doing.
I'm pissed off and fired up.
I'm right.
That's what Jesus said.
My parents raised me Catholic and let me tell you something.
The only thing I enjoyed about Easter was looking in the backyard for the Easter eggs and Christmas for the present.
And one thing that I've realized after I got my bar mitz for Christmas.
I said, OK, that's enough of this.
Graf's here.
One thing I've realized about religion is it creates separatism.
I mean, you have to think that a long time ago there was just one religion and one guy didn't believe the rules and started his own faction.
And now you've got 20,000 different beliefs.
My religion's better than that.
Exactly.
You're walking at somebody else's church and they look at you funny.
Like, oh, he's Presbyterian or Catholic or whatever.
What's it all about, man?
You know what?
It's your crappets, man-made nonsense.
It's foolishness.
You good to others.
There you go.
Do it again.
Have a great life.
God bless you.
OK.
My religion, how come that song keeps going through my mind over and over again?
I might have to play that over and over again.
We have an open line in Broward, 5, 6, 7.
My penis is bigger than yours.
My religion is by my dad's bed, you know.
All this juvenile locker room kind of crap.
Oh no, you're absolutely wrong.
And again, if there weren't that fewer death, they would discard this faster than Sandy Claus.
They'd argue, forget her.
Are you crazy?
But if they weren't just a little bit concerned about that CYA business covering her ass,
just in case, isn't it just in case, and of course, if you don't really believe it anyway,
what their business will make?
To put on an act and pretend that you believe it like Frank Sinatra, OK?
Good Catholic boy.
Do you think he's up there now singing?
That's live.
No, he's down there going, that's death is what it is.
That's rigor mortis is what he's doing.
Open line in Broward, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's Miami, hello.
Hello, Nate.
Yes, sir.
How are you, sir?
Great.
I wanted to comment about the topic today.
Yes?
And what I wanted to say is, is that I'm sorry?
Go ahead.
What religion is?
Is you're absolutely right.
There is such a thing.
The reason why the people follow religiously because we have people out there.
For example, I'll give you a very good example yourself.
Those people out there, there are masterminds.
They can manipulate your mind very easily.
And there's a lot of weak people out here.
The thing is, is that, for example, like I said, you look at your sense.
Everybody loves you, everybody calls you, everybody follows you.
That's because you're a mastermind.
You know how they get two people's head.
You understand what I'm saying?
No.
Okay.
Another thing.
Religion.
The thing with religion preys.
It's a big business.
It's all a very big business.
All the people.
I'm just doing all this.
Yeah, even more than that.
Yeah, that's just for starters.
Just to give them the...
Well, that's not...
That's just to, you know, the offering.
You don't know about tuition and everything else.
Right, exactly.
Well, that's just, like I said, for starters.
Exactly.
The thing is, it's just a little crack.
Right.
The thing is with religion is, it's all just a fairy tale.
It's just a big fairy tale.
Like Cinderella, no white.
Or whatever.
Well, at least Cinderella and Snow White were entertaining anyway.
This is a very entertaining.
But see, they're fairy tales.
So if the Bible...
The Bible is just one big fairy tale.
Absolutely, correct.
Absolutely.
I mean, it's just one big fairy tale.
Well, I'll see you on that Lake of Fire.
Okay, we have an open line in date.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 05, 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
I mean, these people really believe that I don't believe in God.
I mean, what is wrong with these people?
I go to shul every night.
I dovon my ru-kato-ar-na-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah.
I mean, come on.
It's getting close to poor, man.
I'm zoning for those home-entitlements, only February the 16th.
They're taking a full s**t on this.
My religion better than yours.
My religion better than yours.
My religion better than yours.
My religion te better than yours.
My religion better than yours.
My religion better than yours.
My religion better than yours.
My religion has been ined-entry and racial-bait.
My religion better than yours.
Am I-
I really better than yours, medium?
My religion is better than yours.
I'm the voice in where the dress by religion is better than yours.
No.
Why religion is better than yours?
Why religion is better than yours?
We have no respect for women, driver, cab to make a living by religion better than yours.
I religion is better than yours, religion is better than yours.
To Bahboros, Mootigos, we slider-paked and dodged both my religion's better than yours.
Why religion is better than yours?
Why religion is better than yours?
We have no respect for women, driver, cab to make a living by religion's better than yours.
Please.
Why religion is better than yours?
My religion is better than yours.
We now don't endorse the bothers you like former crushes, you are new to my religion's better than yours.
Why religion is better than yours?
Why religion is better than yours?
We were tired of riding our bikes and getting married lots of wives, my religion's better than yours.
My religion is better than yours, religion is better than yours.
We know one of you is our dream for my words when they come to waste.
My religion is better than yours.
140, 1246, whatever the hell the hell the hell is, it's 560 WQAM.
As we continue, we're a little long probing for intelligence out there in South Florida.
But I know it's not easy, you got to stick with it folks, it's not an easy search.
We just keep probing and looking and searching and squeezing and touching.
Here's Fort Lauderdale, hello.
Mr. Rogers.
Yes sir.
How are you this morning?
Great, let's have you know.
This afternoon, that's good.
Well I'm still in morning, I get up late.
Question.
Yes.
You state that you know, you're people who believe in religion are all a bunch of retarded idiots in religion.
I didn't say that, I didn't say the retarded idiots, I said they're brainwashed.
Okay.
They're part of the brainwashed masses, you're using those terms.
You're talking about like preachers who preach it and people who...
Oh absolutely, yeah.
Well no, they're business people.
Well don't you, but they're not retarded, they're business people, they're exploiters.
Okay, but don't you say...
And some of them are making a fortune by the way, many of them.
Don't you think you're doing the complete opposite of what they're...
Or the same thing they're doing them in the opposite way?
By doing what?
Preaching there is no religion.
Of course not, people will listen to the show to hear a sermon, they'll listen to the show for entertainment.
I talk about...
I talk about zillions of different things on each other every day.
I love your show, I think your show is...
I have, but you, but you, there's a lot of times where you do talk about it and it's a whole show.
I'm not, I'm not the...
I don't get paid for the subject matter, I get paid for ratings and to bring in commercials.
Sure, I don't get paid because I'm proselytizing.
But I don't think it's fair for you to tear down people who call on state that they feel that there is religion and there is God.
And you're constantly bashing there isn't.
So you're doing the exact thing they're doing but in an opposite way.
No, no, I'm not.
Let me say it again, I'm not getting paid to proselytize, to brainwash, to get recruits.
I'm paid to give my opinions and to be controversial and to, you know, be amusing and whatever they're entertaining.
That's what I'm paid for.
Don't you think there's a lot of butt kissers though that call your show?
Of course they're butt kissers.
They're butt kissers.
They're butt kissers.
Every show, sir, that's one of the worst parts to talk radio is that most of the people who call,
call to ingratiate themselves with a host and to suck around and, you know, something that's boring, you're right.
That's what piss me off about.
Hey, listen, if you have a belief in your, you know, I respect your belief in whatever I believe in.
But why do you have a problem with that?
Why do you have a problem with that?
Why do you have a problem with that?
I hate the people that call up this show and say they can't say in religion they've had problems with this thing.
Well, look, I just, I talk to people who are disagree with me, who agree with me.
I mean, if you want me just to do contrived controversy, which went out with Nickers, by the way,
and only talk to people, if you want me to tell George, just put out people of this agree,
like Steve Cain used to do, then in about six months, I'll be on some 50-watt station like he is searching for an audience, you know,
and scrambling to make a living.
No, that's just my opinion.
I didn't contrived. I mean, to talking to people and if it sounds like they're just being ingratiating and sucking around,
I'll get rid of them. It's boring. I agree with you.
I just, that's just, that's just my opinion.
The nut thing I don't enjoy your show, I think you're, you're a genius.
Oh, I mean, genius, that's right.
Well, you are your genius.
In this town, relatively spirited is relative.
In a real place, I'd be a moron. Have a great day.
Thank you.
And God bless you.
And he's got a point.
A lot of suckles, huh?
And I'm the one guy in the air that tells you that.
See, I'm not one of these people that puts on a big act here and pretends like, you know, these sports guys.
I'm not going to tell you that.
Like George says, those sports talks shows that they're God-dem sports bar with a microphone.
People talking about minutia that is so terminally, it's unbelievable.
What do you think about the care and the steak game?
Just stop and ask yourself this question, even if you're an avid sports fan.
How many people give a flying crap about Kansas State?
How many people care about the God-dem only after Syracuse game tonight?
Who cares about that?
What kind of a person with a life or a brain?
And how entertaining or interesting is that?
And the boss is running around upstairs distributing all these leaflets about WFA in New York, which by the way has I'm a sinner morning, a dead man on the air.
But I mean, they're all, yeah, sports talk radio.
That's the hardest thing going.
Well, this is, you know, I'm the sports maven.
I saw Stan Fishlow run there on a game.
The other night I'm a mic in the maven.
I didn't see him on there.
He's the sports guru, baby.
That's why no matter how much money we build here, we can't make ends meet.
We can't pay ourselves people on time because we got to give all the money to Wayne because we're making so much on these sports games.
He's the sports guru and great expense to the company and everybody who works here.
What the hell was I talking about?
Here's for Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yeah, sir.
Yeah, I got a serious question for you.
Yes. Do you think anybody calling him who's religious is going to convert you to their way of thinking?
You know, something sure.
They're having a party next door down here in this floor that is so loud.
They're having a grab ass session next door to me in the room.
I'll get back to your question in a second.
That is so loud.
I mean, what we do with a bunch of jackasses in Lee Cutler's office, we must be.
They're having a party over there.
Even though they know that there's a radio show of some sort, the highest radio show on this radio station,
much higher rated than all their stupid ball games put together by the way,
and we're sitting here trying to do a radio show and they're making noise to the guy,
and no matter how many times they say Cutlercraft, they're over there having a party in their pants.
They're playing grab ass with each other.
Now what is the question?
The question is, do you think any of these religious people calling in can convert you to their way of thinking?
Of course not.
The next question, you think.
I'm not going to, but that's not the point.
You can convert them to your way of thinking either.
I doubt it.
Then my point is, you really have a good humor show.
Sir, I'm just really looking forward to it.
Let me say this to you.
It is not boring.
It's great.
This show today is sensational.
If it's boring to you, then find something else to do today.
Maybe you're really trying to do a say, well, don't talk about this because I'm offended by it or not boring at all.
I'm not here just to be a comedian 24 hours a day.
I'm here to talk about a whole lot of bunch of stuff.
Well.
I always do it.
I've been doing it very well.
Thank you for 23 hours.
I said, enjoy your show.
And grab some back time.
Okay, I'll talk to you tomorrow.
When I'm talking about something more up your alley.
Isn't that sad?
You're not fooling me, sir.
I know that game.
Oh, yeah.
When you're doing it, you're supposed to be a humorous.
You're supposed to be an entertainer.
This is really so boring.
It's not boring at all.
I'm going to say it again.
The first 20 minutes of my show this morning should have been packaged and put on every goddamn radio and TV station in the world.
Nature isn't selective.
Okay.
Not in the sense that people don't just don't get it.
Oh, well, you know, it's a mystery.
We're looking for answers.
There are no answers.
Okay.
Craft happens.
Everybody with a half a brain knows that crap happens.
And it isn't because God got pissed off or because Jesus had a bad bowel movement or because Abraham's beard was too long or because Samson had a bad haircut or because Joanne got spit out by the way.
Are there any any of these ridiculous stories crap happens.
And instead of being like a bunch of emotional cripples, how about growing up just a little teeny tiny bit as we begin to move into the next century at the next millennium.
How about growing up just a little teeny tiny bit?
How about it?
No.
Okay. I'm sorry.
Here's a mobile in North Miami.
Hello.
Yes.
Yes, I am.
Yes.
Just wanted to make a comment.
You have all these scholars calling in making point.
With the scholars calling in?
Yeah.
Everybody knows about religion, but I don't see any PhDs there.
Just wanted to say that you have a good show, but when it comes down to religion, pointing a finger at the Christians and so forth, the synagogues you have to buy a seat just to attend there.
Sir, who's pointing my fingers at the say?
I talked yesterday about the Orthodox Jews in Israel got almost no calls about.
Who's pointing my fingers at the Christians?
Yeah.
In reference to the atheist?
Yeah.
Sir, who's pointing my, why would you say that?
Oh, yeah, the couple.
You had a lot of calls coming in and referenced to that and I just want to let you off.
How about the Orthodox Jew or that call in that was laying the tophillum that I grilled for 14 minutes here and finally said, oh, well, you're right, God is nature.
How about him?
Yeah, nature.
I'm always just elected.
No, it's not being selected.
I just want to say that when it comes down to it between the Jewish and the Christians and all that, well, brothers and one in Christ.
And I just want to say one thing.
I hate to break the news.
Kids, you don't believe in Christ.
Yeah, do what Hindus don't believe in Christ.
Do this don't believe in Christ.
Okay.
I hate to break the news to you, sir, but there are a lot of other than Christians, nobody believes in Christ.
Oh, click.
There you go.
There's a good Christian for you.
We're all brothers in Christ and he hangs up the phone.
Oh, God bless you, sir.
Don't pick on the Christians after yesterday.
I went through that big song at an answer about the crazy Orthodox Jews in Israel and the picture on the front page of the hero.
And I tried that we had here before that's busy wrapping his arms up in the leather straps because he's living in the stone age because he's been brainwashed.
And then we're all brothers in Jesus.
Oh, my God.
Did you know that?
No.
That we're all brothers in Jesus.
No.
Even in the jungles of Africa.
We're all brothers in Jesus.
No.
Even in China.
No.
Even in India.
No.
Even in Pakistan.
No.
Even the Graham.
Yes.
Oh, well, I knew we get to somebody sooner or later.
Wow.
That was a...
And then he hangs up the phone.
Click.
That was beautiful.
That was precious.
You know, we're on such a roll here the last two days.
I thought the first call yesterday you couldn't top it.
We've had a half a dozen today that make that one pale under one significance, including the Orthodox Jewish guy that's wrapping the straps on his arm.
And the only reason they don't do that morning is because they're in the middle of the night.
And the only reason they don't do that is because once it cuts off the circulation, it's a little hard to keep breathing.
It's a little hard to stay alive.
So they say, oh, they take it off.
They unwrap it.
That feels so good.
Yeah, right.
When you stop beating the crap out of me, it feels so good.
Or is it hurt so good?
I'm sorry.
You know my bad taste of music.
Oh, boy.
It's the one to two hours.
What the hell is happening in us?
To get my kiss keeps twisted all up.
The way that butter shoots through me I shouldn't have all you could be.
What the hell without the ginseng?
I got the rope.
I got the heat.
I can't stand up.
I can't stand up.
I can't stand up.
Whoa!
I'm stuck here, I'm just boiling bowl.
I never should have lost control.
See, food's a safe one to have.
But I had too many clouds.
Oh!
We're going to have a good one.
Huh?
Yep.
Look at how I'm feeling the pain.
It's bigger than a stucky's not grow.
My legs are up, my can't control what's shooting out of my asshole.
What the hell is happening in us?
I got the rope.
I got the spew.
I slid up my bones.
And liquid to shit.
Okay, two minutes after one at five, 60 WDQM.
We can tell where Volka Brian's got his monster this week.
We have an open line in day one in Broward.
Five, six, seven, eight, five, 60, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
We got Han Goldberg coming along at two.
We got Boob Shombie at six.
Who is a monster in a sports talk business and Ed Kaplan,
chronic gambling show at 10 o'clock tonight.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Nio.
Yes.
We're all the body of Christ.
How do you like that?
Well, brothers and brothers in Christ.
And may the lords be with you.
Yeah.
And make sure you give 10% of that fat check to God, Nio.
Uh-huh.
Nio, you know, Charles Darwin's father was a preacher.
Yeah.
I don't know if you knew that.
No, I did not.
No.
So, doesn't that tell you something?
What does it tell me?
That it's not for real.
Okay, thank you.
Okay, we have an open line in day one in Broward.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T wireless.
Now, who are you talking to online for?
Are you doing a show with some asshole on four?
I'm trying to talk about it going into a broadcasting for a living.
Well, what does me call you on your show like sometime?
Okay, I don't have to entertain some jackass.
I want to get into this business.
Jesus, crab.
I mean, we're talking about dumb people today, but not that dumb.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, and pound, five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
George is doing a broadcasting seminar online for there.
Here's a mobile in Viscane.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Okay, sir.
Listen, I'm getting tired.
This Miriam Alonso doesn't pay water bills now.
She calls, I mean, what's going on with that?
Meaning what?
What do you mean meaning what?
She doesn't pay her water bills.
I said, meaning what?
What does Miriam Alonso have to do with my life?
What does she have to do with this show?
What does she have to do with the price of peanuts?
What does she have to do with the price of hollivon, Miami Beach?
No, nothing at all.
Okay, thank you.
Open line in Broward to and day five, six, seven, oh five, 60, start to open up now like a big wide river now.
Man, we need somebody to come along and make that water dry up real fast.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60 and pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
See, if I'm listening to a show I enjoy, I keep listening.
If there's somebody talking about something no matter how much I may like to show or the host,
and they're talking about something I don't care about, I tune it out for a while.
I might tune in later on, if they're still talking about, I'll tune it out again.
Like when I hear a lot of the dumb callers on the sports show, then the station,
which breaks my heart, but nevertheless, I got plenty of CDs.
That's the way it works.
Oh, but you're supposed to be doing a comedy show where I read it. Oh, I am.
Oh, that's interesting.
Here is Boka. Hello.
Boka.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
You know, how you doing?
Great.
I want to comment on the people calling in about religion.
I went to Catholic school for eight years, and I'm 22.
I'm not really sure.
What just happened on the phone there?
Is somebody else pick up the line?
No, I want to ask.
I'm just going through change of life and that does that.
What even does that?
I punch up another line.
It makes that pop.
Well, that's nice.
Another crappy piece of our phone system.
I'm sorry.
We're just operating with a nice news phone system, and they've been out of business for a couple of years.
That's all right.
But I'm not religious.
I'd say I'm more spiritual.
I'm more spiritual back to that.
What does that mean?
Spiritual?
Yeah.
Just that I accept just spiritual Audi and people's views.
I'm not really what is spirituality?
What does that mean?
Spiritual Audi, to me, is just being a person to a person, being kind, understanding Earth, understanding, respecting nature.
What would that mean?
What would that mean?
Nature has to do with spirituality.
Spirituality, the word implies some kind of hocus, pokus, some kind of gobbledy book, some kind of faith in the unseen.
Well, what does this spirituality have to do with nature?
Because nature is spiritual.
No, no, it is not.
In other words, nature that creates animals that eat other animals, that's spiritual?
Well, no, no, no.
Okay, but I understand what you're saying.
I just wonder about the finisher.
There's nothing spiritual about that.
I understand.
I just would like to say, as far as religion, the thing with religion is they want you to believe like they do.
And if you do not believe like they do, they're going to go down.
Helen, you're a bad guy.
That's right.
You're going to burn on that lake of fire.
Boy, it's going to be pretty crowded there, you know what?
Well, I want to church with my grandparents one Christmas.
Yeah.
Again, I want to Catholic school my whole life, but I went out to respect for them.
And the preacher is saying, you will be, you know, a little bit more accepted into heaven.
And God's favor, if you take some money out of your pocket and, you know,
I hope I'm coughing up.
That's right.
Oh my God.
Right.
God needs that money.
Don't you understand?
The Lord is doing a lot of shopping at Walmart this week.
Well, God bless you, sir, and have a great life.
All right.
Okay, don't listen to any bull crap.
Okay.
I mean, that's, you know, I mean, God may be up there, but I'll tell you one thing.
Don't take any bulls**t on them.
That's right.
That's right.
I mean, maybe he is there, but don't forget.
Don't take any bulls**t on them.
We have an open line in Broward, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
I mean, we know Greg Reed is upstairs, but that's what I believe.
Don't take any bulls**t on them.
Oh, boy.
Is he loaded with it?
He is overflowing with it.
He's covered with it.
By the way, he didn't know Duffa.
Oh, he wasn't here yesterday.
So if we need him.
Oh, don't forget Chris is out there in the event.
No, he's gone.
Yes.
They all came out of the woodwork as soon as you mentioned it.
And they're all gone.
So we actually got some response.
Yes.
All right.
All right.
All right.
Oh, no, Jesus.
God, do I have the power?
Huh?
That guy was right before.
I'm getting paid to brainwash the public.
Anybody believe that?
No.
I don't.
Because I'm not, you know, I mean, I'm making money from this.
You have nobody sending me any money in the mail.
Nobody's filling my collection plate.
Because I got only knows I'm going to keep up the payments
and all those core facts and the NSXs and stuff.
Takes a lot of money to do that.
Takes a lot of harder and cash.
Okay.
The Church of Neal is what I say.
Let's start it right now.
Just send me a bunch of money.
Okay.
Send me a bunch of money.
Whatever you got.
Work for a soupy sales.
Almost got his ass off the ear.
Okay.
Where are we going?
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neal.
Yes, our first lady of the day.
Wow.
You don't have any women at call, do you?
No.
We don't have a woman at listen.
We have something that pretend to listen.
But they're too shy to listen.
You know, they're afraid they might learn something.
Well, I listen every day.
Great.
And you made a point today that I completely disagree with.
Yes.
You said something about Tennessee.
Yeah.
I lived in Tennessee for a long time.
I lived in California.
I'm not going to.
Backwards, knee-and-r-thaws.
Feel really.
I have a lot to say about the ass.
Hold excuse my language in South Florida.
Yeah, well, that's another story.
That's another chapter.
Right.
Exactly.
So the point I was going to make is the people in South Florida,
who there's not as much religion down here.
There's not as many people that are involved with religion.
People are showered.
They're insincere.
Yeah, they're not intellectual like the people in Tennessee.
Right.
Well, there are some good schools in Tennessee.
There's some educated people.
It's like when I moved to Nashville for one month in 1980 to work at WLAC,
which I came running back from there.
It was a grotesque place.
And the land lady at the Department of Energy said to me,
well, you know, there's two kinds of people.
There's people from Nashville.
And there's people like from New York and Florida.
It's a sort of way of saying Jews.
But she didn't really want to say Jews, you know?
Right.
And I said, oh.
Yeah, that's what I said.
Well, my point that I was going to make is that the people in Tennessee
are very pleasant.
Unlike here.
I have.
Yeah, they're really close to their real clannish.
That's with the K.
So that's a very small group.
Yeah.
Come on.
They like to get in the hood.
They're very pleasant.
Yeah.
What?
I said, have a great day.
Okay.
We have an open line in Broward.
56705.
If they want to tell you the people in South Florida are rocket scientists
compared to the people in Tennessee.
I mean, that's a real shot.
When somebody starts telling you that the people in South Florida are
dumber than the people in Tennessee, that's a real backhanded shot in the old fat.
Right.
I'm telling you that right now.
We just laugh at that kind of talk.
You know, there's two kinds of people.
There's you Jews.
So Roger Scott.
Clinton.
Meet the Clinton.
They're a modern white house family.
From the down of Little Rock.
They're looking for their place in history.
And oh, I know.
We're going to have a couple of like watermelons or a touch as we're acting on the show.
We need to declare.
You're having a lot of time.
You're just like me.
You're having a lot of time.
Or I'll say, he won't try to get all psychotic.
150 to 560 WQM.
We have an open line in date.
Two of them, 56705.
60.
0560 on the 18T wireless line.
No interest, by the way, in that fat story I had earlier in the show.
So I brought up about 100 things before the 20 to 11.
And we got off into this religious danger.
But it's not because I came in here to prostitutize again.
It's just that this is what's really gets them all stirred up.
Nature.
Oh my God.
That's pretty controversial, man.
How the hell can you say those things?
Nature, my ass.
Yeah, the 24-hour fitness folks with that billboard that says he picked a hungry spacey
a linen says when they come they will eat the fat one.
And there's a bunch of fat people out there in San Francisco getting all bent out of shape.
Because you're not supposed to make it fun to fat people.
I think all of us, even those of us who are fat, make fun of fat people.
Don't we?
Josh Freeman.
You better turn it on, Greg.
He was up there in that box last night chasing the light around there.
That's what I heard.
Maybe it was something.
Maybe it wasn't his behavior.
Maybe it was the aroma.
We have an open line in date.
560, 705, 60 and 05, 60 on the 18T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Neil, you there?
Yes, sir.
Why don't you call him to piece of crap.
Go ahead, sir.
Yeah, I know it's a piece of crap.
I'm over here by the beach.
Yeah.
Well, I was just wondering.
I heard about the lady calling and saying that she wasn't even born yet when she was because she wasn't certain religion.
Why?
I had somebody tell me that because I wasn't bad.
Now what lady said that?
Yes, she did.
Oh, yesterday.
Yeah, what do you guys think?
We haven't had any of these today.
We had the lady trying to defend Tennessee, which has nothing to do with what we're talking about.
We've had no women today.
No women.
I'm like one woman.
I heard that earlier.
But anyway, what's the point?
There's nobody in this town.
There's nobody in this town.
Okay, thank you.
There's a bulletin for you.
Oh!
There's nobody in this town.
Thank you.
He's over there by the beach and he's on his way out.
He's looking for Andrew Conan in his body.
We have an open line in date.
What in Broward?
560, 705, 60.
He got only knows what he's going to do with it.
And 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in taberniere.
Hello.
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
Oh, my God.
Listen, if there was a God, we'd all look, sound, and be hung like Unreaky.
Really?
No, they wouldn't be hung like him.
He sounded like a mouse.
What is that?
No, I don't know about that.
That's what he was.
I'm talking about.
That's what he goes around telling everyone.
Well, I was picked up by the guard.
Maybe it's through a throw us off the cent.
I was picked up by the cigar.
But you know, you bring more common sense to it than anybody.
Yes, I do.
I listen to these people.
How come I don't have a whole bunch of ass suckers here calling and telling them that?
Boy, you sure got some great common sense.
Everything you say.
You know, that kind of said that's boring, modus, to a point.
But what's wrong with having an ass lick?
The truth is boring.
Right.
That's why we got religion.
Right.
So it's bested up a little bit and get everybody killing each other and arguing calling each other names.
That's right.
The one thing I can't understand is I listen to all these religious fanatics talking about the
feglis out there against this and against that.
Yeah.
One thing they can't answer if God made us all.
They made the feglis too.
I just don't get it.
I just don't get it.
You give them an answer and they go in and hide with the hell of them.
Let me just suggest this or butcher.
Okay.
We have an open.
If you butcher up a little bit, they won't say feglis.
And I'm more they'll say something else.
You know what they'll say, don't you?
That damn feggit.
I can't stand it.
Open-line it, Broward.
56670560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T Rylosline.
If you're trying to defend the sin of homosexuality on this show, sir, you've got another thing coming.
We don't hate the sin.
We hate the sinner.
I mean, is that the way it goes?
Yeah.
In fact, we lost for that sin.
But the sinner we want to pick on him because he's got to be our skate goat.
In fact, if you can't have a billy goat, next best thing is the skate goat.
That's what they say in lutes.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello.
I knew a good afternoon.
Yes, sir.
I was telling George a couple of weeks ago I was at a luncheon and I met him at Walters, a stable.
And told him how he made...
He was a feglis.
And he was a nice George's chicken and said vehemently like it's a fake voice.
Which I thought was very beginning.
Is this a real voice?
It's a real voice, yes.
Uh-huh.
And how he made your station, how he made...
I want to say, the consult.
Yeah.
He consulted on making you...
He's an asshole.
No, I don't know about that.
Well, I do know.
He's a major asshole, yeah.
Did he help the ratings go up to the Georgia?
He didn't help the ratings at all.
He helped to destroy...
He helped to destroy WIODsers, what he did.
Oh, that's not the way he said it though.
Okay, well, Graham, you're right.
It's a fake voice.
What?
What do you know they're not a shape about it?
So what if it is a fake?
But why are you so uptight today?
What is the problem?
You're off your feet today, George.
Because it's so bad.
Well, that's what makes it good as that it was so bad.
It was probably the guy with the eyes is what it sounded like to me.
But what difference does it make?
It's entertaining the listener to somebody make a jackass out of himself
with a real bad phone rebore.
Man, it sounded like he had 20 pounds of f***ing push.
And maybe he did.
We have an open line in Broward, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and what is Walver's table?
Have to do with this show.
It's like, what's your name with the garbage that I was talking about?
That professional spick with that Maria Lonsa, whatever it means.
Who Maria Lonsa?
Who cares about that?
When are you Cubans?
I'm not going to pick on the other Hispanics because they got their act to get a little bit better.
When are you Cubans going to get out of the kindergarten and get rid of the real world
and start thinking and talking and living about the things that we care about?
I can't think of it even at the moment, but if I ever do.
Man, living that little parochial tiny world, the Miriam Alonso is an Iliata gross latent in Rosanna, Dena,
and all these silly little jackasses, man, expand your horizons.
That's what I've been saying.
Expand your horizons a little bit.
Get out of the real world.
Start sniffing the panty, oh you're already doing that?
Here's Boka, hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
Just move back from Greensboro, North Carolina.
Yeah, what a horrible place that must be.
Sure get those great hockey grouts up there.
Got a hell of a team but there's nobody going.
You couldn't give a ticket away.
Right.
You know all the bats are up there.
Is that what it is?
Yeah, there's a bunch.
But racisms are live and well.
Yeah.
And you know there's more...
Well I know some people are really fond of North Carolina.
That's probably the reason they like those racist attitudes if they're a lot.
Yeah, you know what God says, you know treat everybody well.
No he does.
And he says the scurlow's coons is what they're doing.
Yeah and then the...
You know they want to know where all the...
Shinks.
Strip joints come from.
Yeah.
There's more there than here.
Right.
I don't know why George likes it up there especially when he loses wife at home, right?
And have a great day.
Okay, there's our Greensboro report.
Open line of day one and Broward.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8.
All you have to do when you think about the deep south is think back to these speech
med hearings that we just had.
Those house managers as they were called Aissa Hutchinson and that Lindsey Graham from South
Carolina all then Drulan deep southern idiots.
Well Lindsey Graham, he's my favorite.
He was absolute my favorite.
What a little Yahoo he was man.
He just looked at me wanting to yell, Yahoo!
And they keep bringing him back again.
The thing is over.
Somebody please tell the people at the TV networks it's all over there.
And what did I tell you by the way as always nice goal and you'll go right on target.
What did they drag back out of the closet of MSNBC?
The minute that's a penis skate was over John but they fricking Ramsey and you know what?
She's still dead.
I can read through them like looking through a panagglance to what a pain they are.
They got their three or four little hysterical stories and as soon as one of them they squeezed
air be drop of blood like squeezing blood out of a turnip or out of a rock as soon as there's
not a drop left in it they go back and they start squeezing the old ones again.
And what's wrong with squeezing the old ones?
That's what I always say and then they run.
Open line in day 5 6 7 0 5 60 and 0 5 6 8 18 T wireless lines.
Maybe a handshake but not a squeeze.
Here's Virginia Gardens hello.
Hi Neil how you doing?
Great.
I listen to your show every day I think it's pretty good.
Pretty good?
Yes sir.
It's okay.
Yeah.
Kind of weak.
So you were wondering about spirituality and what it is?
Yeah.
It's a label.
Yeah.
It's a label like anything else.
Have you read up on Taoism at all?
No.
Now what?
Why would I want to do that?
Well I think it's a little bit more the direction you're going as far as you know your religion
or your non-religion of the testicles.
Yeah.
Have you read Alan Watts?
No.
I don't have to read any of that stuff.
There's nothing to read.
There's nothing complicated reading all these great philosophers and all these theorists.
Why do I want to do that?
It's simple.
There's nothing complicated about it.
It's very simple.
Do no harm.
Nature is what it is.
And to do the best you can.
That's it.
That's the end of that part of my life.
Now move on to like a living it.
Exactly.
That's what they teach though.
A non-self approach to life.
A non-self approach?
Yeah.
You lose your ego and you...
Why do you want to lose your ego?
What does that mean?
Because you want more gobbledigook again.
No, it's not actually...
Yes it is.
You have gobbledigook.
You have gobbledigook.
You have an ego and individuality.
What is this?
When you have all these things attached to you like the way you look and all that other crap.
Then that adds to your gobbledigook that you're talking about.
All of these things.
No, it doesn't.
It's what makes you an individual.
So it's exactly the opposite of what real life is all about.
Well, it makes you an individual as opposed to just another sheep and lemon.
That's what it is.
What is distinctive about you.
So, can it?
How could a bunch of millions and millions of people take something so simple and make it into such a big mysterious, complicated thing?
And talks at crap.
Have you ever heard such crap as that in your life?
I mean, the guy that said, well brothers and Christ, I mean, I mean, he was better than this guy.
Try to get rid of your ego and self.
Just be another sheep.
Just be like part of the woodwork, like part of the wallpaper.
Like Sam, the Promotions guy.
He's like a fly in a wallpaper.
He's like a fly in everybody's ointment is what he is.
Open line of date, 5, 6, 7, you know, it's interesting.
I'm picking it myself right now.
I'm picking it at the group of people in this building that I'm becoming very alienated from
and don't have any interest in seeing or speaking to.
And I'm realizing it's that group.
You know what I'm saying?
It's the untouchables up there.
It's the Greg Reed group.
Right, the untouchables.
That's right.
Just ask Elliott and Matt, she'll tell you.
Yeah, the untouchables.
They can do no wrong.
Their stuff don't even stink.
That's right.
They can do it right on Greg's desk.
Oh, man, what a roam of that is.
Oh, it was great.
That's the best I've smelled this year.
Yeah, so it's not me.
I've worked in a lot of different radio stations,
but a lot of different people.
And you know, I somehow coexisted with most of me, some people who were assholes.
I still got along.
So it's not me.
I've worked around all kinds of people.
But this place, there are those untouchables up there.
And I'm discovering that, hey, let them do their thing.
If we never see them again, it'll be soon enough.
They got their little grab ass club up there.
Oh, they were in the sky box together last night.
And this one was doing this.
And this one was doing that one.
Great.
I'm in my seats, okay?
Having it on my own.
Good time.
Woof!
126 at 560 WQN, the home of the truth, baby.
This is the place for the goddamn frickin' truth.
Oh, yeah.
And if you don't believe it, Goddamn it.
Tough crap.
Are you Aaron?
Shit like this.
Build the cars in Monica, for China.
Damn it.
Uh-huh.
You got to help, you dad.
Now, listen, he was working hard late nights in the over-rear fence.
Working on a practical joke.
He told me to do it.
Damn, son of a bitch.
All right.
Okay.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Back down.
Back down.
Back down.
Back down.
Yeah.
It's not the right thing to do.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You know, I want to retract something I said a few days ago.
It's not that James Taylor's music was that bad.
It was just that it was so syrupy that if you heard it once,
each song once, like fire and rain, each song once.
That would be fine and that would be enough.
There you go.
Like most of the sports calls on this station, you know.
Once is usually too much, but certainly once would be enough.
Like Billy the Jets fan.
Here is the Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm a somebody because I have more enemies and friends.
And Sunday was a Valentine's Day.
Yeah.
I was telling folks happy crotch day.
And from the home of the freaking liberals.
And have a swell day.
Okay.
We have an open line in day one in Broward, 566705, 60 and
18 T.
Where else live?
Said part of it is he made more sense than most of these people today,
but hey, here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Lady mobile.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
This is not only a woman, but it's a woman who moved with you to Nashville.
Oh my god.
You moved with me?
And call her.
Mary Ellen.
Mary Sue.
Oh my god.
How have you been?
I'm okay.
I live in Melbourne Beach and I'm on the turnpike going to Miami and I pick you up.
This is Bill Carter's wife.
And I heard you talk about it.
I'm married to somebody else.
You still married that hope.
Yeah.
Oh, thank God.
Are you doing good?
Yeah.
You sound like you're doing good.
I'm doing okay for an old fart.
How long have you been up there?
Three years.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We go back and forth.
We're going to work in the restaurant over at the awful place.
Yeah, I missed the shop.
Where was it?
Sax or Neiman Marcus?
Neiman Marcus.
Yeah.
Mary Ellen used to be the restaurant manager at Neiman Marcus until I found out she was too pushy
and pushing her while those old fart.
Which was great.
So what are you doing up there?
You've got kids now?
No.
You still have Benian Mac.
Are you serious?
Oh my god.
You still got your two ready dogs?
I still got my two main G dogs.
Yeah.
One is blind, the other can't hardly walk.
Oh, jeez.
Wow.
I'm a real for now.
Oh yeah.
It's everybody.
Uh huh.
And just hanging out right on the beach.
That's mine.
Excellent.
How's your mom?
She's great.
She's just the same.
Good.
Kind of like my dogs, main G and old.
Listen, it's great here for me.
You have my home number.
It's ill of same.
No.
When you put me off, give it to me.
Oh, George, give me the number.
Okay.
Take care of yourself.
Okay.
George, you give me the number.
Give me a call.
Okay.
Hang on.
Wow.
How about that?
Not just a lady, but Mary Ellen Calder.
Woo!
Heavy duty.
Well, what a nice lady she is.
You have to have too many like Bill Calder around anymore.
I'll tell you that.
But that's, you know, that's the way it is.
It's like I said, nature.
You just have to do the best you can and move right on.
So all you can do.
I remember my, you're speaking of dead friends.
I remember my good friend, Ellen Finkelson, from Poppano Park,
saying, in the back when he was dying of cancer.
And I was sitting in his office one night before the races, and he said,
you know, he was obviously either getting cancer had gone into remission.
And then they found it came back.
And he said, you know, he's shaking and said, like, what have I ever done to deserve this?
And I said, you never did anything to deserve this.
This is the way life is.
Crap happens to good people.
And of course, he's dead.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Brian here.
Just got back from Miami-Dade Community College.
Yes, sir.
On my way out, there's an exhibit for this African American Black History Month thing
that you have to walk through to get to your car.
Uh-huh.
And there's this exhibitor there.
I'm confronted by him with a big picture of a black Jesus Christ behind him.
And he says to me, let that's the white boy.
What color was Jesus?
I'll measure Ron.
Can you deny that he was black because he's named from Africa?
I heard he was Asian.
I heard it was Chinese.
It doesn't matter though.
That's my point.
But why do I have to get confronted with this?
Isn't there a separation of church and state about this?
I wouldn't mean why you have to get confronted with it because religious, fanatics are everywhere.
The crazy people are out there handing their pamphlets out in every street corner
in every major city in America.
I was talking about that yesterday.
If I bring him more quickly, I get fired.
This is a...
If you brought who to work with?
The guy or the pamphlet?
No, if I brought pamphlets with it, I wouldn't bring this character with me.
But if I brought pamphlets about what I believe, it would be against every rule.
I'll just tell him, no thank you and have it ice day.
Okay, we have an open line in Broward to a day, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
It's like the bilingualism thing.
Okay, if you want people to get bent out of shape about it like I told you the other day,
go right ahead.
Is it going to change?
No.
So if you want to make a big issue, we get all bent out of shape and get your blood pressure up.
And...
Go ahead.
Doesn't faze me because number one, I don't live in Dave County anymore.
That was my choice.
And number two, if somebody don't want to speak my language, screw them.
That's my comment to them.
Well, that's of course, it happens to be in another country where they don't speak English
in which case I do the best I can.
This is the most disgusting program.
I urge everyone to complain to this station.
Whoa.
Sometimes I feel like I've passed me by.
Sometimes I feel like people don't want to smile.
Well, listen to your show.
Maybe it's my like a child.
You can help me get by my friends.
They'll call her on a radio.
They'll call her on a radio.
Maridio.
Okay, 144-560 WQM.
We have an open line.
And Dave won in-broward, 5670-560.
There was one of the really good people that I worked with in this market the last 500 years.
And I was just curious to know if we could get a chance to build a counter.
He did.
But you know what?
Wasn't because God decided it was time for him to die.
It wasn't because we were in somebody's master plan.
We live, we die.
Oh, you can't say that.
Is he up there?
No, he's not up there.
He's not down there.
He said dead.
Okay, where are we going?
Here's Key Largo.
Hello.
Yes, Key Largo.
Yes, sir.
Listen, for one hour last night, your buddy Larry King.
Oh, I'm so glad you mentioned that.
I wanted to ask because I was at the hockey game.
Did he suck Linda Trips ass?
That's what we want to know.
Frank, kids, her, and her.
Oh, are you a serial of power?
Oh, my God.
Every, every question.
But any newsman worth his salt that would have possibly conceived, he didn't ask.
Instead, he said, I don't want to use the word taping.
I want to use the word something else.
So immediately, Larry King says, okay, we'll use the word something else.
And he never-
And did something else on the phone?
Never used a terrible word for Linda.
Instead of asking you about who asked her to tape.
Right.
He was asking her, like, what should think of John Goodman?
Yeah, where did she get her hair done, stuff like that?
Is she going to lift him weight this year?
Just to get back to you.
So, otherwise, he put his lips right on her and suck heavy duty.
Nice going, Larry.
Okay, I'm going to tell you something.
Anybody that kisses up to Larry King, you're on my crapless forever.
But listen once, the first three hours today, you ought to synthesize it
and distribute it all over the United States.
All over the world.
Here's freaking classic.
Right. Amen.
Amen.
Fabulous you, sir.
Okay, bye.
Thank you.
He's right.
Oh, yeah, but we see, we have to tune you out when you talk stuff like this.
Well, you know what?
Go ahead.
It's a free country, at least to a point.
Go right ahead and tune.
I love those people.
Yeah, when you love your show, Neil,
when you start getting on that religious kick,
yeah, that's when it shows great.
You're right.
That's why I really make a lot of sense because nobody else will tell you this crap.
Nobody will tell you the truth.
They'll feed you a lot of horse crap, a lot of horse manure.
That's what the media is all about.
It's feeding the public paddling and horse manure.
Oh, the good Lord's look there looking off that, yeah, that crappies looking down on us.
This one for you, maybe, up there in the sky, up out there somewhere.
Uh-huh.
I mean, you know what, if you want to live your life on that level, be my guest.
I'm not condemning you.
All I'm doing is offering an alternative opinion.
And my approach to the way life really is.
It's a lot easier.
It's a lot easier than burdening yourself with all the entrappings of this horse crap.
Two open lines in date, five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on the old AT&T wireless line.
Here's a poppin'o.
Hello.
Hey Uncle Neal, I agree with that guy whole hard to live out the Larry King show last night.
Oh my God, he actually sucked Linda Tripp's big fat smelly butt.
And the callers that were coming in, I was flipping back and forth between that and something else.
The callers that were coming in were just so complimentary to her.
They must have been screening the damn calls out.
They must have all been doing this a long time.
Yeah, right.
Yeah, he's well-wipsed our so champ.
It was disgusting.
I mean, it was disgusting to look at her to begin with.
Right.
And here's her and him together.
What a match that is.
Oh, that's a tag team.
But they heal her justifying herself saying, I still like Monica.
I wish she wasn't lying.
Still, I wish she would come out and tell the truth.
She's saying how she knows that she's on the Democrat's hit list and stuff like that.
Well, honey, you made your own bed, G.O.I.
And now...
They never met a guest he wouldn't suck up through this, man.
He is the world's beyond a shadow.
It would never be the promo on CNN.
The world's number one primo suckle, Larry King.
Let me tell you.
He sucked his way to the top.
That's just...
I know argument there.
The last time I had called you about something on television, I said to you, Neil, I wish I had your home number.
I would have called you last night.
You missed something else besides Larry King that was on the 8 o'clock, that I know you would like to have watched.
I said, I wish I had Neil's number.
Yeah.
Arthman Entertainment to the biography on Elizabeth Montgomery.
I think I've seen that.
No, I thought it was new.
I thought it was something new.
It was very nice.
I love Elizabeth Montgomery.
She's not feeling good about it.
I love her.
Well, true.
We're going to the bill call that I was on hold while her is wife called in.
You had a tape, not the one that you just played, but you had a tape of...
It sounded like an Hispanic I think.
I really like it.
I was looking for that, but I'll find it.
I'll look at it.
Who did that one there?
One of his listeners.
They were both listeners.
Oh, okay.
In conclusion, man, please call someone to do something.
Yes, sir.
Okay, and this is something that you...
I think you agree on because...
Well, you always talk about them.
The Sun Sentinel and the Miami-Herald Sports Department.
I tried to get...
I got called in both a bunch of douchebags.
I tried to get them out for weeks to cover an event that this athletic team I was involved with was doing.
It was a big tournament.
Instead of reading about who's getting millions of dollars to sign with what team?
Who's getting busted?
Who's shooting?
Who?
No.
They can't come out and do something on the whole pool.
They're not there.
They don't give a crap.
Don't you understand?
They don't have all their own priorities.
And if it's not something they're into, they couldn't cure less.
I hear you.
From now on, I'm advertising on the Neil God show.
All right.
Thank you.
