Why are you asking?
Got it.
You're working here.
And I've got no fear.
Don't be go where no man's done before me.
Yes.
The five door lips can move that lip.
Yeah.
The choir's face that leaves you empty.
The ease of these is just it.
They said it's heinous.
But like a faith man, I'll circle in your ainus.
Right, Tom.
If he's like a candidate to be hard,
the real thing derives me.
Your room is tiny and old and big.
It's like a penny to me.
Well, say the heavy praise.
The tongue laughs inside to say,
Make the hair of my dad's fan straight up.
Now I'm old real trooper.
Got my tongue up in your hoover.
Please, I let up you to a six-year-old.
Huh?
I got a must-sense fee to be seen.
My friend's talking number two.
I heard you yelling, Chaka.
But I prefer you to.
Yeah.
If they like your paid-in to be,
the sweetest way derives me.
The room is tiny and old and big.
It's like a penny to me.
Now, put away that K-wise in Starland.
I'm going in stripes.
Just me.
I won't hurt you.
Think you're not dealing with
I see real your trooper.
And I lost it all down with his mouth all bruised.
When will I do?
Please miss feeling like a man.
You'll find it hard to sit down
I get done with your hands.
It takes like a penny to me.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Sweetest, bitter-vising.
Your mood is shining on me.
It's like a penny.
It's like a penny.
It's like a penny to me.
All right.
It's no pretty surprise.
Oh!
Then before all the street
I just can't get it in now.
Oh!
On the light bulb.
Warred and cheddar for buckle holes.
Is that crazy?
And peck I've barely went in to pick one off.
My hardware is paired down with the top of the ring.
Putting on a ring.
It's like a cheddar.
The paper is in the peck for the weight.
Take the buckle behind the goal.
Now it's cut to the...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
Not directly the antichrist.
I am just apoplectic.
Seriously, what is that man doing in here?
Repeating the same thing over and over and over and over.
Please, come back someday.
Not this year.
Not this century.
This one is almost over.
Wait till the new millennium.
Maybe I'll talk you about that.
What a game last night.
Did I tell you that Dallas would win?
No.
I told you the winning team would have four goals.
There you go.
It's got something right.
I can't deal with these people.
There's only one sport that comes close to the excitement of last night's game.
In this country where they think that a bunch of guys running around in tight pants is a great sport.
Or a bunch of big sports is running around slamming jam in the ball looking down two feet into a basket.
Elbowing each other like all over the court.
Walking.
If they call...
I don't want to go into it.
If they call all the traveling violations in the NBA, the game's the last seven hours.
But at any rate, be that as it may.
What a game.
Unbelievable.
So people...
And for the first time now in five years, they had four years in a row with sweeps.
Okay?
Four straight, which is not good for the game.
It's not good for Canada.
It's not good for the US.
It's not good for the world.
Okay?
If we're going to really make peace life and close the game, the Stanley Cup finals are going to go beyond four games.
And they will now.
But those people that thought, wow, you know, Dallas is just going to blow them right out.
They had their hands full last night, baby.
And Mike Madonna's got that broken limperist.
He's probably out for the series.
Great game.
And Barry Jackass writes, Barry, you're so perfect.
You fit in the hero, just like Greg Reed fits in his general manager of this company.
Perfect.
A perfect fit.
That's right.
Just like somebody's finger belongs in Todd Dreck.
Correct.
Yeah.
A perfect fit.
Just look it in there.
Believe me, you'll have plenty of room.
In fact, maybe the whole fist, I'm sure, no problem at all.
The whole arm.
Yeah, Barry Jackass writes, less NHL on ABC.
ABC in the ESPN would spend all that money to buy the NHL rights up away from Fox.
They're only going to telecast four regular season the days next season.
And then they're going to spend all the money on the playoffs.
That's why they got the rights evidently as opposed to Fox's 11 weekends that they had broadcast.
And Barry Jackass says ABC will show multiple playoff games,
but it will be difficult to top in production efforts of Fox.
Oh, yeah, with that great glowing park right.
And that 15 minute pregame show that they gave up this year because it was a lame duck.
Fox, which is done everything possible to try to generate ratings that just aren't there.
What you're right about that, Barry, because this country is not interested in hockey.
This town is not interested in hockey.
This country doesn't know a great sport from their ass.
It's strictly a Canadian thing.
So being Canadian as I am, or at least close from like across the lake,
Lake Ontario, at least I'm somebody can appreciate a great thing.
Anybody could have watched that game last night and not they've been simulated,
not just been on the edge of their seat.
It was phenomenal.
It was great.
It was Dino Mike.
And I'll turn on his station.
What are they talking about?
A bunch of seven-foot-fartes.
And Dino, Dino, you know, Latvian's free well list and Latvian's free well at.
And Bobby Knight, this, I'll be honest with you, I agree with Bobby Knight,
in this particular case, which we'll get into that.
But before we do get into that, got my check this morning.
This morning, they'll get it yesterday, what it was due.
No.
No.
You know, the best part of the whole deal on this, I had a call, Gregory.
Did he call me to apologize for the oversight?
No.
No.
I had a call him yesterday afternoon to get him to apologize when he came on the phone.
He was already apologizing.
But was he going to call me?
No.
Of course not.
It's not his style.
And then he comes here this morning after he knows I've already had the check handed to me,
with my name misspelled, by the way, I think they called Sam to find out how to spell Rogers
with a D.
Is there a D in Rogers?
No.
Where I spell it now.
But that's okay.
It'll still case.
Comes in here to give me a bulletin that, you know, theoretically, I'm being paid early.
Yeah.
Now, I've only been on their payroll for 21 months, okay?
But all of a sudden, you excuse me.
And when you know theoretically, you're being paid for the first through the 15th of June,
so you're getting it before like the 15th is up.
Yeah.
I mean, you talk about people who, what have I always told you about him?
He tells so many tales that he believes his own bull crap.
He really does believe that.
Even though I've been on a certain schedule for 21 months, and the check is dated with my name misspelled,
they did the 10th, which was yesterday.
How if it was written yesterday, and they always do have the day it was written on there
than not some other day, I've noticed.
How if it was written yesterday, was the check, was there any chance it was going to get here today?
No.
And of course today, the end of Friday, and I'm not going to be able to deposit the till after two o'clock,
which means it goes on Monday's business.
This buys them four extra days.
Not, of course, that they're like shortening account, and after cover the checks,
you're easily hand them up with all the millions of dollars that they're making.
And nobody knows where the money is going, because it's your end going on clothing.
Slimey, smarmy, smarmy.
In fact, Todd Dreck and the Beasley's is a marriage made in heaven.
Isn't that interesting?
I mentioned we were talking about something this morning.
I mentioned the word slime, the George.
And within two seconds after I said the word slime, the door opened and it was Todd Dreck.
Now that's a true story.
You're a witness, okay?
True story.
Couldn't have scripted it, though.
I just, the word slime just spewed out of my mouth and the door opened and there it was.
In all of it, it's slimy glory.
You could almost smell it all the way down the hall.
But I got the check and life goes on, okay?
I mean, it's not like I, you know, don't have two nickels to rub together.
It's just the idea that when it's supposed to be payday, you give people their checks
and you don't play little games, okay?
But I understand Wayne and John Henry, they need their money.
See, we're bringing in all this money, not for our own benefit.
We're bringing it in for his ego, so we can have all those sports franchises on.
There you go.
Nice extra that by the way, Greg.
But yeah, I mean, he thought the first time he dropped his pants in here.
It's 11 after 10 at 560 WQM.
It's out on a book, bitch.
Jessica, it's ready now.
Or the American National Anthem.
Boy, boy, boy.
This is special.
This is...
Where will they say, can you see, that's the goal for the life?
And don't cry, we will have to fly like this,
Let's leave, whose Russia is then right now.
We will have to fly like this,
uh...
uh...
you know why do they do that why do we have to waste our time with this i
mean this brought to us you had like racing it's on your so it's not like
she was anything to look at
this was so tragic and so pathetic now it's kind of cute and Dallas you know
they have every time the word stars which comes up in their twice in the
national anthem
and they yell out star it's you know kind of a cute thing they do that's
but she's like the whole middle of the song there she'd like uh...
there are octaves that have been even france is got key was never so off
keys like that was what was that
and then like tonight to go in Los Angeles they had a three-year-old little boy
sing the national anthem of course that had to be on
a sports center on the cnn that had to be on the network news
look at us here's a three-year-old kid he knows the lyrics he's out there but
she's up above the national anthem
well what is it like a contest is that what it is uh... to see who can butcher
it up the most
in addition which i've never figured out what's the point anyway it's okay
you know gets everybody pissed off and fired up and i'm right let's play ball
i had a lot of smoke
whatever it is you know
i mean even if the race track they play the national anthem before like a
seven o'clock at pompadopark and it the calder half-hour before post-time
why i have no idea
it is the national anthem and if anything to do with gambling no with uh... losing
your money making money uh... horses no i don't get it
it
every uh... every time you turn around surprise you go into a diner for lunch
and before they uh... you know take your order they play the national anthem
right stand there put your hand in your heart
and uh... you know
salute the fat flag
i don't get it but that was just uh... had to play that that was special
that was the low light of the game was great but the national anthem was really
unacceptable and then of course they kept showing the players on the bench
and like some of them like my peck on buffalo you could see that we're
shrinking like trying desperately to keep from this breaking out lindy ruft
to in hysterical after
like uh... what the hell was that bitch
that was i don't know what's one i'd like better that one of that Britney
spirit that we got
here's a traffic report of mobile in the field hello
any of my the way you should you should all you should have heard that through
the cell phone man i've been from here to here no it'll kill you
and some more on driving uh... municipal garbage
which means all animals died during a plane that was horrible some more on
driving a municipal garbage truck
hit the bridge at ten street northbound on uh... i ninety five
yeah exactly and half the truck is sitting underneath there and they got
three lanes of traffic so anybody going northbound on ninety five
you know how to sample because it's backed up to ten street and then i mean
it's blocked on the only got one lane open
and as a bunch of never sweat standing around there looking at it and saying
what the hell we gonna do now
excellent
the luck out thanks for the warning sir
god bless you and i apologize for years okay
just a screeching
maddening howling i'd look at like a dead animal is uh...
unbelievable
but i listen now everybody is into that crap in fact you that's what is
sometimes the funniest thing that happens
five six seven oh five fifty
look at the response we got here on that big game last night are these people
and what are what are they fired up and excited
they're sitting around picking each other's nose i don't know what they're doing
and by the way i forgot to tell you there's nobody here today
today is officially weekend everybody build out i don't know why cuz the kids
are not a school yet but more common work this morning it was it was like a
picnic without the ants it was great there was no traffic everybody's gone baby
so if you see a lot of diminishing return here like yesterday which was a real
tooth poor just wait until the day
so i'm getting back to my check
i'm not going to let up on that that easy the fact is that you people over
the renewables you do i i know dead dates who are more timely with their
payments than you people are okay this company is famous with you when
pop my money from power ninety six or you're on a payroll or you have a bonus
coming out for bid which isn't with any particular time unless it's written
in when blood in your contract uh... this is the way they do business
they'll just hang out with it it's like it's like they're in tears when they
finally have to let go of the cash
and like i said yesterday where is all of that money going where is it going
who is sucking up all of that money from the bsley fortunes that they're
making these radio stations
somebody's uh... it's your own clothing argue and key that
no effect i'm serious i heard that one of the bs was a slime green suit
that's what i think it before our body walked in the door this morning and
proceeded to hack me a china for half an hour pop up up up up up up up up up up
you know on and on and on
we don't do tapes okay
tats we don't do air checks we don't that we're not interested in busy work
we're not impressed by your bullcrap okay stay the hell away
here's bokeh hello
and you know it's going on yes sir
i i get you to hear the news because there's no big celebration
but the last night during the kosobo investigate the situation
uh...
uh... msnbc scrolled across the screen that uh... the christian coalition is now
there's a great to break the news to be headed on yesterday the iris not dead
the iris rejects christian coalition tax exemption but that doesn't make them
dead they'll find some loophole around it because uh... bernie shot in the
interview with a supposed expert yesterday he started comparing them to the
cierra club yeah
he said if they play their cards right maybe they'll regain the status of a
the air club type organization
so if they can be that to say it's a victory for america somebody yang
their teeth out it's the greatest i love it i think you should uh...
god bless the i'll have robert and maybe send in the guatama or something
okay we don't want to win the in switch a little bit of that
okay i have a great case or thanks for the old news i rs rejects christian
coalition exemptions of the christians
that's right fact is a letter to the editor one of the papers this morning i
don't keep track which one i'm clippin about it makes no difference
from genie goatsman gets men and davie who says thank you so much for putting
the report of the concert honoring the memory of kassy brunel on the june
first front page that's where events of eternal significance belong eternal
significance you get to the where this is going
however the headline was mistaken about kassy's legacy her legacy was the
opposite of believe in yourself her legacy was believe in completely depend
upon jesus christ
so i mean he gets men and davie
was that her legacy or was it like a sea
take a bullet for jesus i thought that's what it was he took a bullet
for the lord is that what it was uh... take a take a bullet for the lord
and take a good animal just to be on the safe side
all these ridiculous silly ass people man trying to make her into a big
martyr into a big hero the young lady got blown away in a prime of her life
and uh... it's like a wonderful thing
well the lord decided it was her time ill outcome that was uh...
how come the lord didn't decide it was like you know Hitler's time before all
those people died well
well and then you see the thing with time magazine you know they're doing is
agonizing thing they don't we do the man of the year thing now they do the man
of the millennium
and they decided that they had to take out jesus and uh...
of buda and all these other people from the list of some people try to put in
their because obviously uh... they're not from the twentieth century even though
there's so many people who insist oh yes they're here it's what they're here but
they're not
so unfortunately once they took all those votes out of their guests who rose to
the top of the list is being the most important person of the twentieth century
which that the the vote has always been with time magazine
not the best person but the most influential person the person by the greatest
impact on the year or in this case on the millennium
so Hitler is like uh... heads and shoulders above and now they're doing
everything in their power because they're getting so much flak and so much heat
about that that and getting so many uh... emails hysterical
that now they're trying to make yet's hot robin the man of this now is there any
person in his right mind
who believes that yet's hot robin with the most influential person of this
century no no
so i guess they want to pacify a lot of hysterical juz out there that are uh...
psychotic that i mean is there any doubt that Hitler was the most
there only two who could be close
what is fd r and the other one is Hitler
because after you are also you know took the country out of the depression
and uh... through the world war against uh... both germany and japan
so you know and answer for elected four times three and a half terms
those are the only two people that could possibly be
but you so if time magazine is going to do something like that and have it
any meaning that you know then stick with the result as opposed to try to
manipulate it to pacify a bunch of hysterical people who are just
professionally pissed off and just don't understand what it's supposed to mean
oh do you see all in sensitive that uh...
oh god that that's life in america we constantly have to pacify all these
people who are professionally pissed off
twenty six past ten
i have five sixty years psychotic station for the ninety that's our joe just
stuck in here with his yankee's out for it again
jokka he hasn't changed it since uh... monday all sure he's gonna end of course
with the yankee's being at the white house yesterday stuck in each other's
dance which i miss was psychotic about this morning here for the first time in
many weeks i uh... stop there in my channel surfing this morning
and he was calling uh... what he called the hillary color a uh... bucktooth
bitch or something like that
something's uh...
out of his mind is what he is too much time i think he needs to go back to the
farm come on down cool it out a little bit back to the farm
so much
all right
right
uh
my
Yeah
All right
yeah
Yes, I pray that he calls a call from my soul.
I just stop for victory because I'll have victory.
Now my mind goes, which blind me?
My bustling run around, earth my soul.
She'll be free.
All right.
You shall be scared of her.
Yeah, there's no more.
These stones ran bare inside of mine.
What is that?
She's looking by, by.
She looks 25, but she's just a thief.
You know, you want to ask me that question about what I accept head from a woman.
I think in her case I might make an exception.
Really? Am I making a little progress?
That's a lead.
Does that make me like a 5.99 now?
No, I think she's really a smolder.
I don't think I know.
You don't have to be deaf dumb and blind.
She's smoldering.
I don't know what it is.
Huh?
I'm serious.
I can't imagine any red-blooded male and even some of us who are a little more pink than red in the blood of the category.
I can't imagine anybody that wouldn't just want to mount that in a heartbeat.
Or at least, and of course, she can remain a virgin.
You can give all the oral sex you want, right?
And you're still a virgin.
Oh, that's a good question.
Huh?
How about if you only did her breasts?
Well, I don't want to get too graphic.
Anyway, that's right.
That's two.
They might explode or implode or something like that.
They might, or you might, tourist here, room with the corpse.
Talk about payback.
You know, those poor German bastards.
Atlantic City, New Jersey.
Two German tourists spent the night on a motel room bed unaware that the box spring contained a dead body police set on Thursday.
Yeah.
Well, I would just try to pay back to Germans for all their niceties.
You know, the couple whose names were not released took a $36 night room Wednesday at the Burgundy Motor Inn just off the city's casino strip.
Well, what do you want for $36 a night?
And was there any extra charge?
No.
What are you complaining about?
Although they complained to the management about the smell.
They stayed in the room overnight according to officials in the morning.
They were given another room.
So even though it smelled bad, the price was right and they don't want to complain too much because they were afraid that they might have to go take a shower.
The identity and age of the man was not known or how long the body had been there.
A box spring containing a dead body.
Do you follow this at all?
No.
I guess they were just storing them there until they had a better place to stick them.
I guess I don't know.
Here's a lady in North Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, Neil. How are you?
Okay.
Good. You ready for the weekend?
Yeah.
Yes, you are.
Could you do me a favor?
Do you think you could play a request for me?
Sure.
Usually I'm out on the road.
Anything you like, sweetheart, the town is dead.
Everybody's gone out of town.
Anything that will kill some time today.
I'm no dummy.
I got my check. I'm ready to leave right now.
You got your check?
Got my check ready to go.
Only a day late.
That's not too bad.
All of Greg Reed now tried to manipulate the truth.
Oh, it's really early, technically.
Yeah, right.
Yeah, but can you get it in before it's too acquired?
I don't need to get it in.
I can cover whatever you like.
You can come here.
I can even cover dinner this weekend for the 80 people I'm taking.
Okay.
But what I wanted for is my boss.
I'm stuck in the office with my relentless boss.
He's an asshole.
Yeah, well, you know my boss.
Landmark has is my boss.
Is my boss.
Yeah.
And I was stuck in the office with him.
And he's never heard prison bitch.
Can you imagine?
Huh.
Where the hell has he been hiding?
I don't know.
Under a rock, I think.
Is he in a room closet somewhere?
Yeah, he's dead to bed as big as his office is.
Is the brain closet.
Yeah, there you go.
Okay, you got it.
Thank you.
Have a good weekend.
And back to you.
What?
They say I love his tapoos.
Then what we're doing is wrong.
But I don't care what they say.
Because my love is so strong.
They tell us we should be ashamed.
Where's that husband and wife?
But I cherish each moment with you.
I'm so glad you're in my life.
You're my prison bitch.
My prison bitch.
You're not a light of the man.
No.
I'm glad we share a prison cell.
When lights go out at 10, I can't get through a pill.
Now that would be a crime.
As long as I am going you, I don't mind doing time.
I'll call you a crime.
Prison bitch.
My prison bitch.
And I have no regret.
Yeah, I got you for a living bar.
And a backup is a rest.
At birth you were resistance.
But now you are my friend.
I knew that I would give you a deal.
Prison bitch.
Prison bitch.
I guess that you were sent from above.
Prison bitch.
Prison bitch.
And now you are my prisoner.
I'm not prison bitch.
You're prison bitch.
And you're a submission.
I only have no request.
How about some of that?
I'm tired of this prison cell.
I need to get away.
This prison's been for seven years.
Not seven times a day.
I'm your prisoner.
You're prison bitch.
You're an informer.
Jimmy.
I really hate these markers.
That you're packing on my back.
I thought that I could break away.
But now I'm losing hope.
I'm tired of hearing of the song.
Prison bitch.
Prison bitch.
Prison bitch.
I'm tired of hearing of the song.
Prison bitch.
Prison bitch.
When I get out of bed, you go straight.
You're my prison bitch.
My prison bitch.
I'll never say goodbye.
You're not like all the others.
Too bad they had to die.
On the second thought I dreamed of death.
If you want me to.
Your prison bitch is never leaving you.
I'm hurt you will not settle me.
But now you're my soulmate.
That's so perfect.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
You're about to burn down with all this.
The polka.
The polka.
The polka.
We just put a scientific survey here in the studio.
And unanimous vote.
Everybody said Todd Dreck.
And it began with an F.
The first word.
Yeah, that's what they said.
They said Todd Dreck.
Everybody.
We all raised our hands and said, yeah.
You first.
21 before 11 at 560 WQA.
Which the lotion in the basket.
So can it be.
Our soulmate need a breath.
Five thousand feet.
We'll mark you on your hand.
You pick your estaracus five times.
We investments in yourязination.
You pick your parrot to buy and do.
There's no good ol'叄 simple
The
whole
is
a
dream.
The
whole is a dream.
Oh,
can
it
but
it's
a
dream.
It's
Oh,
can
it
but
it's
a
dream.
It's
You
bet.
That's
So at場, we've
got the
Beijing
in Mar文 to
June on
June,
June,
June,
June!
really be some bodies in there for a change because as far as the marines are
concerned there is no interest whatsoever. I love that kind of code yesterday. He
was one of the all-time best. I want to try to say oh well just because you don't
care. There is interest but of course there's so much else to do. Why would
anybody go over there and see that crap? He was great. Yeah right. Here's the
mobile in Weston. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Hey listen I'm so glad you got
your check so I don't have to hear your whining the whole damn show again.
Yeah. That's all you do is wine. Thanks for listening to Four Hours
You didn't want your show on the 560 QAAM. Thanks very much for listening Four
Hours every day. Another guy just like I said right at the end of the show yesterday
which evidently you must have just maybe you went out to take a leak or something
right there at the very end when I mention that about people like you that call
and quote chapter in verse everything that I say with their hostility and their
voice pretending that they're all pissed off and I'm a jackass etc. Every single
moment that I'm on sir gives you sexual excitement. Why don't you admit it? You're
radio cranked up here in the sound of your own voice. He's squeezing it I'm
telling you. Here's the mobile in West Palm. Hello. I got a question for you
and lady. You still there? I'm still here. Yeah. Is there anybody watching the Stanley Cup finals?
Needing one. Needing one. Needing one. That I can still not caught on in the US. Do I care about that? I don't care.
Maybe more people are still eating vanilla ice cream than fish food. The fish food is a thousand times better. See I don't come on. I don't come on a year to try to talk to the greatest number of people out there or say the things that are going to appeal to the masses.
Hockey is far and away the most exciting sport. Did you see the game last night sir? I saw Barry Melrose. Did you see the game last night sir? Very simple question. Yes or no? It's okay. He can't answer the question. 5 6 7 0 5 60.
On the mobile one line. One of the great games. I mean this is going to be one hell of a series that already is. Two barn burning games. Great hitting. I mean just phenomenal penalty killing again by Buffalo. Great goal tending. I mean what more could you possibly want unbelievable action in this guy? You don't want like a parrot. Well it's never going to catch you on. I don't care if it catches on or not.
Catch is on big all over the rest of the world all over Europe all over Canada. Very big bigger bigger than anything else.
And even in Europe next to soccer bigger than anything else. Soccer's never going to catch on here either. I hate soccer. But does that mean the rest of the world is going to stop playing it? No. See that you might be this guy reminds me of you. The world it through his eyes. Everything he judges based on. No it's seriously. It's like it's that guy that called yesterday who said that he wouldn't do Britney Spears right away.
Because you're you judge everything from your own perspective. Because you don't have a broad understanding that not everybody. Not everything is the way you see the world. I don't do that anymore.
Oh please you're obsessed with that. Just like that one. Everybody does that. No they don't. Most people do that. But of course being a fair minded like I am. No it's true. I understand it like with this guy. Fine I understand. He don't like it.
But don't give me a song at a dance like I like a mini lecture there and then it have to make me go through 45 seconds like a miniature Todd Drex session like I'd be for I can get an answer. Did you see the game or not very simple. Yes or no? No he didn't. So how can he talk about it? How does he know that he was a fantastic sporting event that was the most exciting thing by far going on last night unless he was getting laid which I doubt.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one month and that's what we'll get people like that. How many times have I told you that 50 million times 5 trillion time.
Like that guy to call Hank two days ago with a bogus called the nobody was talking about his after his aspiration from a Zelbo. What are these people know here? Huh what do they know.
Besides where to find a good weed which of course is something we said for that but other than that what the hell they know about what do they care about.
This has been this has been like a job for 23 years this has been like a like a certain like an expedition like being like being an explorer you know like Vasco de Gama.
Out in the wilderness somewhere searching search out I don't even know what I'm looking for okay but if I found it yet not even close.
Searching for the answers of what these people are all about. One thing they're all about like the first two right out of the box today hate hostility.
They're pent up you can hear it in their voice you like that you know oh yeah I don't give a crap I just got a big fat check more than some of you're going to make an ear okay so blow it out your ass I don't give a crap.
And you're all listening you know what is wrong with I do I get home yesterday afternoon the phone rings here's Jane the new lady from my bank just go and certainly happens to be calling me yesterday after I ripped them a big fat ass.
To tell me everything's going to be fine we'll have lunch some day all or she's going to go on vacation during this afternoon all next week she just started two days ago she's going on vacation now.
All right and about how I saved her husband's life with the Actions diet and every detail about his cholesterol with this to I'll let you rise with that and bop bop bop bop bop bop I mean unbelievable.
The suction was so hard that all the inside to my phone were on the floor by the time that phone ended okay so and like yesterday they were the VH the NHL one license plate within five seconds we had 6000 cops calling in with trace to plate and within 10 seconds after that we got the guys the ladies husband calling in who drives the car with a song and a dance about that story.
Every person who speaks English or even understands 10 words of it in a stout is lifting the show right now the only problem is that 94% of more than that.
But they're all upset they're all pissed off they're all full of that whatever it is it just like like an Linda Blair like the pea soup.
Yeah their heads are just spinning around like a draidel and they're spilling in every direction.
That's okay we can handle it. Here's a mobile and pop it'll be tell us. Yeah they'll keep for people driving north that's fine.
Okay we already had it sir thank you so much and I have given the phone thank you.
56070560.560 on a mobile one line.
As one call drops off here's a mobile in Miami hello.
Hello. Yes sir.
Okay listen I'm my daughter's ready for school.
You're why?
My daughter's ready for this grade.
Yeah.
And she's with me in the car and I told her how fun of you are but she never hears you so you believe me.
And I would like to request from the police if possible for her.
If you got like a sock over the phone or something.
No not at all.
The word phone I ever heard in my life.
It's true man it's a Nokia.
Oh Jesus I've said it back to Japan.
I would.
Can you hear that the guy calls and wants to become a new man and he goes to pick the back up.
Okay you got it okay.
Thank you buddy.
Put the lotion in your basket.
Right.
Okay put the bag in the basket.
Okay bye bye.
Bye bye.
Bye bye.
It's all request Friday because everybody's out of town everybody with a brain all this guy was okay and that first lady I think it was a lady was okay with her prison bitch but other than that the two in the middle two losers probably going to we loathe this weekend those two.
Oh unbelievable.
I don't want to hear you whine.
You know if you don't want to hear it very simple just turn on something else turn it in the opposition put a bullet through your brain anything you want okay very simple lot of ways to solve that problem.
But why don't you admit the truth and that fact is that most of your liars you don't want to admit that you love this show that you get sexual excitement just from this out of my voice just from the anticipation they get a little bit more just for my anticipating when it gets close to 10 o'clock that I'm going to be on the air.
And then if God forbid I should be sick one day with all due respect to George and they hear your puny voice come on here then at that point they become like limp.
Limp that's why you get all I hate out there it's got to do with whether you do a good job or not they don't care about good job.
That's not the kind of job they're looking for they're looking more like for a low job.
And like you said I'm the pivot man they're all squeezing it right now I'm the pivot man on a massive gigantic stop for the circle jerk you know what I'm saying?
That's what I said 5 6 7 0 5 60 come on everybody together let's do it all right.
Here's a mobile in Miami hello.
Yeah sir how you doing okay so far.
Hey listen I'm going to tell you I am not a hockey fan at all.
Yeah and last night I lit up a big fat one yeah and I was just standing through all the channels and I got a lot of the last the last two minutes of the hockey game of the first half.
The first half whatever you call it on the power play and that was the most exhausting 7 minutes that I had in my life right they had so many flats I was going into the to the goal and he's guys are just blocking it was phenomenal.
I couldn't just I mean I had to sit there and watch the rest of the game I couldn't turn it off.
You're the only call the only person that this audience who saw that game last night that goes to show you everything you didn't know about this time.
I already had one anti hockey call tell me nobody cares about it you're the only person this audience I played the highlight the winning goal there it was phenomenal and these people who pretended they're hockey fans some of them nothing they got nothing to say.
I want to tell you something any place in the world where there were real hockey fans any of them the phone to be lit up right now with people like panting recklessly and instead I would get his hate you know well I tell you what those are anything like last night game I'm going to start tuning into all of them I'll tell you that okay.
All right and have a good one.
Now they don't like a sport like that where there's all those white people plant 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line don't don't put on a pretense anymore okay how you know the proof I tell you what the test was for this time whether this was a hockey town in any way she performed with the 90 medidores what did I tell you about that did not tell you they had no chance right from the start when they asked me to be the spokesman and I said no thanks I'll pass because you got two chances none and much much less than that.
They're going to be back no long gone.
It just it's I don't know the search just continues we just keep asking the perpetual question what is it all about what are these people care about anybody and then this is the sports station and I tune on this morning I never heard any calls about that game I mean I didn't hear that much because that music comes on real fast in my car automatic.
I didn't hear that much of the show but what I did here had no was about the the next this and the past is that and the big sports it is and that's all it is just I mean one no Charlie it's either you know and do we have any team playing in there like no I can understand a lot of talk about that because obviously they know nothing about the hockey except yoli and secondly nobody out there here give the crap in the USA too bad I don't care that's why I got my satellite this that's why I have two satellites.
That's why I watch hockey night in Canada on CBC that's why I watched on Cherry last night one of his best ever coaches corner was a panic had me a crack it up there last night these people don't know what we're talking about who's that who's that guy who's that he's talking about just bitter nasty rotten hateful and we love it baby make a lot of money from that 1057 at 560 Q. I.M.
I'm going to be a man.
This is Debbie. Hi, Debbie. I'm a student going through operations done. Okay, and some body contouring and some liposuction.
I was wondering if it's coming to and the pigmentation cosmetic vest surgery face gift all of these things.
I'm wondering what you like to start with. Well, I need to get everything done probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing.
Okay, we don't do that. No, could you do breast implants though? I can't be done.
The lotion in the basket. How much? 5,000.
Excellent. I'd like to have my skin resurface to laser surgery.
Have the lamb stop crying yet, mommy?
Excuse me. Don't hurt mommy's little baby. It puts the lotion in the basket. I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV.
Okay. Can you make me look more like a woman? Well, we'll have to see you first and they're a bond looking actually we can tell you that when we see it.
Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts mommy? If you'd like to. It puts the lotion in the basket.
Would you like to make an appointment? Yes. Okay, there is a hundred dollar consultation fee. That's fine.
Okay. Okay. My name is Buffalo Bill. Okay, let me give you a little information from you. Okay.
I understand. It puts the lotion in the basket. Do you want to come in for a consultation for a life of a person in the basket?
Okay. Would you like to make an appointment? Do you want to call me back?
It puts the lotion in the basket. I understand. I got my skin suit and you're probably like, you're...
Bill. It puts the lotion in the basket. I understand that. It puts the lotion in the basket.
Would you like to make an appointment? It puts the lotion in the basket. Okay. I will talk to you in a time. Okay.
It puts the lotion in the basket. Hello.
I was just thinking George, I have no idea what all the big tunises with this new Hannibal book that's come out the 85th part of the series.
What was the name of the first one? Red Dragon.
Dragon's Red The Sumpen. Red Skeleton. And Red Barber. And then of course the...
You know, the sounds of the lands was a good movie. I've seen it I think three times and that's enough. You know, I...
That's it. I don't need any more Hannibal or Hannibal. I don't...
That's it. Right. I'm not that big on Fava beans or Keon. I can't see anyway.
But, uh... Oh, all over time. They're just racing out to buy another novel. Why...
Well, how could you waste your time reading novels? We were just discussing that during the break.
What kind of people waste their time reading novels? Reading for pleasure.
No, no. I read for pleasure, but I don't read novels. I read for pleasure so that I learn something so that I enrich my brain, not like a pseudo intellectual, just because it's interesting.
You know, novels aren't interesting. When I was a kid, novels were interesting, like all of Sherlock Holmes stuff. That was interesting. But that's when I was a kid.
Oh, I'm sorry. That's right. Maybe my brain expanded beyond that and I don't believe in all those fairy tales anymore like, well...
Here's a lady, noble in Miami. Hello.
Good morning. Yes, ma'am.
Oh, yeah. We're talking about nobody watching the hockey games. Somebody called up and said, is anybody watching the Stanley Cup? Yes.
I am just tingling all over. I'm just excited. Every time I have to be honest, every time one of our former players that were no good down here, do something wonderful. I get all tingling.
By the way, what a great set up there by Jason Wolley on the Pecka-Goal, the first goal of the game. What a great set up by Jason Wolley. Nice going, Jason.
Oh, wonderful. And... And of course, Brian Scudler ran... Hi, shake there in the corner. That was kind of neat. It was like, oops.
Okay, they are cracking down pretty hard on the penalties last night, bitch thing.
Yeah, my Buffalo has been getting screwed with these penalties and then of course they even gave Dallas a five on three there, which what the hell was that all about?
I don't know. What's in the four-roy? What are you looking for? Wait a minute. Roy is in the...
Oh, oh, Jay. He's under the counter. He's hiding. He's in here looking for O.J.
Go ahead, I'm sorry. I called you before my hit place. We have a big schwarzer in here that's lost.
I'm sorry. My kid plays or played last year for the junior madador. The madador's are gone. The juniors are still here.
Right, thank God for that. One more thing. Well, every night, every morning when I turn your show on and you started with that Hockey-Denite song, I just kicked you.
Isn't that great? I want to... I guess you and I are the only ones. The rest of these people, their taste is in their touch, they do their clueless.
They're talking about basketball. I just don't get it. Yeah, I don't get it.
Seven-foot tall sparts is a slammer jammin' it. That's the idea of a sport. I wanted to ask you if you could...
Even though I don't know. Does that ain't no sport? Do you remember the song that you used to play when the Panthers made the run for the cup?
Right. It was a different song. Yeah, I know what you're talking about. I got it. And the last thing I want to say is...
I'm not going to play it, but I'm not going to play it, man. No, I'm not going to stay in the pond. It's okay.
A couple of seconds of it. It'll be a two-nob. Okay.
And whenever I watch hockey and whenever I hear that fong con in the morning,
I feel a little bit of a Richard used to say it makes my big toe shoot up in my boot.
Okay. See you.
What is Roy doing with that large black penis? I'm sorry.
56670560. I bet you I know who he's going to go see.
And pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
So I'm not missing the audience things I'm making this up. He just came in here and stole our big gigantic plastic penis.
He's got a big black one now.
Which according to what Joe Rose told me, that's the only big black one he's got.
What he said, I said, what do you need to borrow that for?
He leaves me from what I heard from several people, some of them, Neil even.
Here's North Miami. Hello.
Hi, Neil. I'm William.
Okay, sir.
Neil, you know, I was born down here. I got it made. I'm not really a big hockey player.
Oh, jeez.
But listen to you. You know, he's very infectious. Listen.
It's not rocket science, man. It's exciting. It's great.
You're completely right watching that game last night.
I was awesome. But I have a question for you.
Like I said, I'm not a big fan. I'm not that knowledgeable.
All they do is they harp on hot, hot, what's his name? Hot check?
Hot check, yeah. Right. They say he's wonderful.
But I see Bill for making great saves.
And they never comment on what a good gold tender this guy is.
Well, he is good. But he lets face it. Dallas has been out shooting Buffalo by a big margin.
And they've also had all these penalties against Buffalo.
So they had to kill up all these penalties. And Hashek said to stand on his head,
Bell for hasn't had that much work to do. Hasn't had that many tough saves to make.
Well, what I like about Dallas after that first game, which was a real downer,
they came out fighting. They fought hard.
Yeah. Both teams played beautifully.
It was the first great game.
The first period was so tight checking that it wasn't really much going on.
It was kind of a terminal. But after that first goal scored by Buffalo after that,
it opened things up and it was just unbelievable.
And I thought these guys would keep everything under control.
But they got into a fight, man. And the Stanley Cup finals, they couldn't believe it.
They really feel it.
Well, they exactly, they hate each other, which is good.
That means good things are coming.
Neil, you're doing a great job.
Okay. Thank you, sir. God bless you.
And God bless the National Hockey League.
I was kind of that jackass Gary Bettman.
Oh, man, does he make my skin crawl?
In fact, that's a tight, that's a close one.
Todd Drek or Gary Bettman. I had that's a tough choice.
As to which one makes my skin crawl the most?
And your number 99 will never be won again.
Oh, geez. Go away. Okay.
Go hide on the subway somewhere.
Go back to Cornell. Get out of our face, Gary.
You make me ill.
Gary Bettman, man, it's destroying the greatest deligion of the world.
That's right. You know, we got all these small market teams failing.
So let's start going back to teams that already failed, like in Atlanta and Minnesota.
Let's go back to where we failed before to make sure that we fail again.
Nice going. Gary, you ought to be working for the Beasley people.
In fact, you dress for it.
That's right. He dresses too good.
Here's the lady mobile in Miami. Hello.
Yes, hello. This is Jennifer.
Hi, Jennifer.
Hi. I think I know why hockey isn't popular down here.
And why is that?
Well, I used to go to school in Rhode Island and we used to have the ruined farm team play.
And it was just, you know, the whole thing was the snow and you know, go to the game and they would really be crazy and they beat each other up.
And it was that was most of the fun watching them beat each other up.
But then after the game they would come out to the local bar and kind of mingle with everybody.
Yeah.
And he or nobody does that and I don't think the games are, you know, passionate.
So that's just my opinion.
Okay, Jennifer.
All right.
We'll send some over to your house to beat the crap out of you, Jennifer.
Thanks a lot.
Okay, have a great weekend. Have fun.
You too.
Okay.
Well, that's what you like.
She, her idea of passion is getting the crap beat out of her.
Okay?
I'm sure you know a lot of women like that.
Well, maybe they don't tell you that.
You just get the signals.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the ATT.
By the way, now that the war in Kosovo has been all wrapped up in the yaddy yaddy yaddy yaddy,
now MSNBC is hopping right back on good old.
There you go again.
That's right.
Forget to mention that to our buddy who took our big black penis out of here.
1109 at 560 WQM.
You want to have carpets that aren't black at all.
I mean, if your carpets are black, I guess you want them to be black.
But if you're like any other color, you don't want them looking that dark.
The only thing that dark in my house except maybe my little dog.
And as a result, that's why I called dark concepts over here.
Ain't it?
I got a girlfriend in Carmen.
Oh!
She only likes to eat one thing.
Yeah.
She don't mess around with no hash browns.
Forget her or any other thing.
Carmen just likes to eat sausage.
Sausage makes the world go round.
She'll open up wide, slide a few down inside,
and you can't help but watch.
You go down.
Oh, right.
So pass the sausage to Carmen.
Yes.
Carmen likes it.
Steven Hunt.
If you pass that sausage to Carmen, well, she might even say you've got a lot.
If you pass that sausage to Carmen,
well, I'll bet every penny in the pot,
that disease you believe in with one's,
I can't accuse you of swallowing all the sausage you've got.
I'm standing in the kitchen with Carmen.
Late one Friday night.
She told me that she had a craving for cubazzi
and nothing else would sue the wrath of tight.
We looked a while and he ice-bucked.
But there was nothing we could find.
Until Carmen looked into my pajamas,
and I guess you could say she blew my mind.
She's got a sausage for it.
Carmen likes it.
Steven Hunt.
If you pass that sausage to Carmen,
well, she might even say you've got a lot.
Not if you pass that sausage to Carmen.
Well, I'll bet every penny in the pot,
that disease you believe in with one's,
I can't accuse you of swallowing all the sausage you've got.
I guess you're swallowing all the sausage you've got.
One 14 is 5.50 W.2 M.
Where's that, oh, here it is.
Bird down and two to go.
Offset eye on the back field, hand off your bar,
comes it back up a little.
Now go on the side.
He's going to 25 to 20.
The 15.
Hit that and buck that about.
It's like Jason Beuser.
That's a six-yard line.
I think you're bar reversing field and a big burst out.
That was blue ribbon effort by Queen that first bar.
Play was designed to go right up the top, right up the top.
And he's fishing outside.
I can't carry that.
Loose is containment on that one.
What are you giving them about Billy Bob?
I'm not me.
What was he really trying to say, you think?
I want to bang in the butt.
Yeah, so I had a request for that by fax.
It's all request Friday, by the way.
Whatever you want, I'll play it except, of course, you know,
young Neil and a couple of others like the Bridge Thunder.
We're going to play the Bridge Thunder.
Oh, look at that.
I don't know about you, but you shot like some stupid idiot.
Better wait until I lost it.
And then here's more on this fact.
Jimmy said this and Danny did this.
And Jimmy forgot to do this and Danny didn't do that.
That's right.
That's QAM, baby.
Jimmy and Danny and Danny and Jimmy are a lot of suction.
That's it.
A lot of hot air.
And that's why Tony Sigueta was doing that thing because he talks
everybody's ass and Jimmy's in particular.
And I mentioned that on the air or not.
I don't think I mentioned that yet on the air.
I mentioned that to you off the air.
That Barry Jackass and his column has got the thing about how Tony Sigueta will
continue doing the Jimmy Johnson Show on Channel 6 with Joe Rose,
even though Craig Minivini is the sports guy.
And Tony is supposedly a news guy in the last several years.
But nevertheless, Jimmy wants Tony to show because Tony sucks his butt just the way he likes it.
And Jimmy will only go on with guys who kiss his ass.
You know what I'm saying?
That's not what I'm saying.
No, those people who I was going with.
People who kiss his ass a lot.
Because that's the way Jimmy is.
And sure it was the same way.
He wanted people to suck this butt.
Which is maybe why a man is mistaken about that.
I want to bang in the butt.
They want to have some, maybe there's a Freudian slip that he was wearing.
Here's a mobile and Tommy Chilla.
Hello.
How are you Neil?
Yes, sir.
Got a question about the hockey game last night.
I didn't understand why they called the identity on Scroogeman.
I thought if the goalie is out of the crease, he's fair game.
Yeah, but he came charging at him and knocked him down.
And of course, he didn't have the puck either, which is interference too.
So, no, nobody is fair game if they don't have the puck that's interference.
You can't take it all out.
I think it was a dumb penalty.
And I really wasn't a great hockey fan until I saw that game last night.
That was great.
That was phenomenal.
And by the way, I should mention because Fatboy was complaining this morning crying, which I keep telling him, don't be a belly-acre.
That really, they knocked the net off there.
And the last glory that Buffalo had inside the Dallas zone there and it came real close to Tangu.
And they knocked the net off, but here they got two referees and two lines.
And nobody saw it.
And then of course, Hatcher came out of the penalty boxes, called the empty net goal.
But the whistle should have blown before that.
And they should have had one more shot at it, one more face off at about 30 seconds left in the Dallas end.
But yeah, big deal.
It was very exciting to watch.
I hope he continues.
I just like to see the father dance.
It's going to be a great series.
Yeah.
Well, you can see how many fans we got.
Nobody gives a crap about it here.
That's true.
I think the Panthers play volleyball instead of hockey.
Yeah, without Pavel Breenry-Wittney, there's a volleyball team.
That's right.
Okay. God bless you.
Thank you.
Nice talking to you.
Yeah, maybe we can get like a whistle ball.
We're getting a WNV-18.
That's great.
Maybe we can get a curling team down here.
I would suggest in that this morning, maybe we can hire away Sandrish Muro, the great Canadian Curler.
And get a curling team down here.
That'll go over bigger than Halify and Sunrise.
Here's a call from Dallas looking for congratulations.
No doubt?
Thank you very much.
Yes, sir.
Congratulations, sir.
Great game.
What a game.
I told you to keep an eye on Eddie.
We were going to come back.
Yeah.
Well, wasn't Eddie so much as, you know, two of the goals you got, which I'm sure you realize, the one by Richard MacDevitch.
MacDevitch, what the hell is his name?
MatPatrick.
MatPatrick.
Well, I can't believe I did that.
Richard MacDevitch, number 24.
That goal, the first one, hit off the inside of the post and went in and then the one by Brett Heller-Gayman.
You can hear the plunk.
It hit the pipe and just on it, just on the inside.
Yeah.
And went in.
So either they were both great shots or a little bit of luck too, but it was a hell of a game.
Yeah, essentially newspapers.
So in the Dallas paper, did you get it?
No, I didn't get it.
Oh, you used to know that from the first game.
Yeah.
I got that.
Yeah, I didn't know if it helped at all.
They reported anything I'm a Donner.
They're not ESPN saying he's got broken ribs.
Don't get burst.
That's correct.
It looks like he's going to miss the series.
That sucks.
I know, but you got to give it to your team.
They came back even without him after that and won a game.
We're going to do it.
I'm happy to see Screwed Lynn and Scoob Barnes and the rest of that.
And Jason Wally, what a pass by Wally to pick on it.
You see, Peckon at Powerplay was calling for the puck there.
He had his stick up in here on the replay.
And what a great goal.
That's a tough little sucker.
We don't get to see much of him here in Dallas.
What a player.
Well, I just want to call and say, keep an eye on him.
Go stars.
Okay, going to be a good series, man.
Hey, Neil, when you go in a syndication, so we can get you here.
1999, when it comes around again, the second time, 29.99.
Thanks.
Good luck, pal.
Thank you.
Well, I'm getting all choked up.
Good work, guys.
This is massive stuff.
That was fantastic.
Is that crazy, huh?
I'm going to pick it up.
And Peckon earlier, you want to do it?
Well, actually, this is not your good.
My driver.
He cleared the apple back in the middle of the way.
That's putting on a break.
Peckon, the driver.
The driver is in the pentagon as way into.
He picked up up behind the goal.
Gallup.
Here that contact.
Front off the pipe.
Off the post today.
Here you go.
Brad, I can't say anything.
Where do I hate that bread hole?
Oh, oh, oh, oh, do I hate bread hole?
Oh, but anyway, it was a hell of a game.
560, 7.05, 60, 560.
Did I forget Richard McFidchock's name?
That's embarrassing.
That's almost like forgetting that we'll Clark played in the...
Where we going?
Here's a lady in the Deerfield Beach.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, man.
I was wondering if you'd play a request for me.
Anything goes...
We'd our auntie ever kill at least 30 seconds.
Well, my uncle told me that you've got one about Monica and her cigars.
Yeah.
And I wanted to hear that.
I haven't heard it yet.
Okay, I got it.
Okay, great.
And you got it.
It's really unfortunate that us Floridians, we got to watch all our good players, former panthers, former Marlins, playing for other people.
Yeah, well, it's called Bad Player Evaluation.
We've had it right from the beginning.
We had it especially.
Doug McLean was a bad player evaluator.
And then Brian Murray is a real bad player of that.
And so was Terry Murray's brother runs into the family as a result.
We could make the guts of a pretty damn good team just with the guys that have been driven out of here last three years.
Exactly.
I found my first hockey game this year went to see the Philadelphia Flyers play.
Yeah.
And, you know, everybody boo in the beasur and, you know, it's just terrible.
One of our better players.
They don't know Squat.
Yeah.
Okay, if we don't have a great team.
Thank you.
Okay.
And don't take any good nickels either way.
And what you want to hear?
Build the cars in Monica, the China.
All right.
She lets out a gigo.
When he makes it away, girl.
Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind.
Put a cigar in her vagina.
She don't mind.
Yeah.
Well, she don't know where a stokey goes.
I can see how there was some confusion between humor, door and human horror.
And then I can saw the term Cedar Box mean saw her naked.
Stars report in late to go in blind.
Yes.
Now, listen, he was working hard late nights in the overrear.
This working on a practical joke.
He took a Mac and noodle, put an explode in.
Load it for Monica, was blowing rings a smoke.
Build the cars in Monica, the China.
All right.
She lets out a gigo.
Every time he makes it away, girl.
Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind.
Put a cigar in her vagina.
She don't mind.
Or people feel that Hillary's been made a fool of by her husband.
Feel that Hillary was wronged.
Up in the Lincoln bedroom, she was born in morning.
And our door was doing her with Bill Goldbong.
Build the cars in Monica, the China.
She lets out a gigo.
Every break and time he makes it away, girl.
Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind.
Put a cigar in her vagina.
She don't mind.
Oh, great.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I want to add a good selection.
You can't sell superphone's or super adviser's.
So it says it's absolutely absurd.
Why do I have difficulty believing this George?
Is there some reason I have grave difficulty believing?
No reason or lie to you.
You can crawl up the place you could see.
$1500 for what?
For downstairs for the BG's New Year's Eve.
To sit in there lap or something?
Well, $1500 for what?
Who knows?
Maybe to sit with that one of the give boys on their lap.
I don't know.
No thanks.
Anyway.
I run this on Andy Gibbs lap and he ain't looking to good these days.
Anyway, I get all disgusted and he says, listen,
why don't you go to the CS or one of their outlets and publics are,
I get the tickets just this.
They told us in the papers to come over there,
they sell them at the box office and figure they get to the...
So to make a long story shorter?
Make a long story shorter.
We got no tickets.
I left and I'm totally disgusted.
And look at what he is behind any of these.
And look how lucky you are.
Man, believe me, who the hell wants to be here?
Well, I would have went for $50 a ticket.
So I would like to enjoy that.
Well, I don't believe me.
You saved yourself a lot of money.
Those guys haven't hit a true note in 15 years.
Okay, trust me.
They did good.
And they screwed me on my seats on America.
Worst airlines too.
Hate the BG.
Who's the like of my hate to admit that?
Then now I hate them like poison.
Okay?
There are a bunch of weaselies sounding,
screaming, whatever they are.
What?
No, I'm agreeing.
They owe false set of things.
And then I actually like them.
I hate to...
Yeah, I do like staying alive.
What's wrong with that?
But you can hate them personally.
And still like them.
Well, that's right.
That's a good point.
I hate them personally, but I do like their music.
That's not for those sabers.
I'll take everything they can.
I'll take everything they can.
I'll take everything they can.
I'll take everything.
I'll take everything.
I'll take everything.
I'll take everything.
I'll take everything to…
I'll take everything!
Oh!
We want nine out of thirteen and our separate underway training.
It's 26th after eleven and five six feet down,
with commercials.
of AC著 in."
Potil Rogers, God.
What would you do if I had a BBQ?
I had normal food, but you still got out inside my CD.
Do you get along when I street out of songs?
Just like how my size thinks, oh, keep, keep, keep.
I'ma get by within my grasp.
All right.
I get guys within my grasp.
Yeah.
I don't have to try within my grasp.
Yes.
Did you audition for anybody?
I only had to pull my candy sound.
Are there things in your body?
You guys not to mention where I put my mouth.
Time to succeed by just spreading your lies.
Yes, it doesn't matter if it's a killer or a guy.
I don't love music, because you're 17.
Now, at least until I'm out of rehab, 35.
I get by within my grasp.
I get guys within my grasp.
I don't have to try within my grasp.
How do you please go backstage for me?
She lived through me by carrying me.
She's always been so funny.
Well, in this business, that's the most important thing.
I'ma get by in print, in print, in flash.
I'ma get by in flash.
One more time for the West Club.
Come on.
Thank you.
Love a 32 at 560 WQM.
Here's the fact this is the greatest asshole of QA and Colin history happened last night on the Ed Kaplan show.
That figure.
You think the hockey caller Lou was in the at checkout to tape at 1232 in the morning last night.
The guy called in city with supportive tax increase for a baseball stadium, but not for education.
It says pull the tape and hear it for yourself, pull it, and the tape too.
The absolute definitive call for sports radio, which I would say.
Absolutely correct.
Yeah, sure.
Why not spend money for a baseball stadium, but not for education?
Because I mean, if you have smart people, then they won't go and see that crap.
Right now, seriously, if you educate people who they will go see a baseball game.
Here's a mobile and bokeh.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
Got a request.
Yeah.
Can you play Jack in the box, please?
No.
567-0560.
I said there were like three things I wouldn't play.
I forgot to mention that was one of them.
What?
With all the good stuff, we have 3,000 cuts.
I understand that.
That's why I only do this once in a great while.
I kind of weekend when I realize there's no traffic, which means that 99% of the people are out of town.
And they're starting to get that a lot of here.
And I'm very envious.
And look at that.
Even with this, I'll request the day and all the hockey extremities to stand at cup finals and all the other things I'm doing.
There's a couple of calls on the board.
Same old crap.
Of course, even when everybody's here, there's only a couple of calls on the board.
Because you're dealing with deadheads.
Oh, we love hearing when you're, yeah, I know.
I know that's what it's all about.
That's going to be the name of my autobiography, Neil Begg's for calls.
And makes a lot of money doing it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
It's pleasant.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Hi, good morning.
Yes, ma'am.
I do have a request.
I hope today's not one of those that you're looking for.
Well, it's number three.
I'll tell you right now, the three I will not play are the Bridge Thunder.
Stupid, stupid, stupid, idiotic.
Young Neil or Jack in the box.
So it's the only three that come to mind that I absolutely refuse.
I mean, they're, they've been buried.
They're dead.
Okay, well, I can let out a big children, because my request, I'm not certain of the title.
But it's the graduation class of 99.
I've heard, I heard from my husband that it was a great stand-up of that track.
So I'm very keen to hear it and laugh my little love.
The graduation class of 99.
Well, that's the original title.
I'm not sure what you're calling it there.
Don't forget to wear sunscreen.
Perhaps that's the one.
Don't forget to wear sunscreen.
Yeah.
It's not ringing any bells.
No, George is looking at me like, huh?
Well, I know that it's done for that track.
It's something about Nick, somebody, cost of those like that.
Does that mean anything?
These are the lines that my husband was telling me yesterday.
He was telling you yesterday?
What?
Like I played it yesterday?
I would say from London yesterday, with this particular CD in my hand.
Right.
You know, don't forget to wear sunscreen.
And it's a graduation speech, which was like released on the Internet and some producer up.
And he released it on the radio.
It's been a big hit currently.
No.
What was that?
I said I haven't got a clue.
Maybe maybe some caller will have us some idea what it is.
Okay.
Well, I hope somebody calls in and types that you become left to play it if somebody can come in with the right title for me.
Okay.
Thank you so much.
Cheerio.
Bye.
5607-0560.
You pounded 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
So what was she saying about Shagging?
What?
Flies?
Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, a couple things.
First of all, I want to have a comment about the hockey.
How does this series compare to years past?
What do you think about years past?
Like, pick a year.
I mean, what does that mean?
Compared to years past, we've had four sweeps in a row, four four game sweeps that were the non-competitive, which is very bad and very boring and makes a mockery of the game.
And nobody wants that.
This is the best we've had in a long time.
This is the best final we had since the Rangers Vancouver series five, six years ago.
It's just from one side of the ice to the other.
There's great.
There's a non-stop axe.
Great.
And I mean, the hitting.
And really physical.
Tremendous hitting, I mean, just unbelievable.
Did you see the guy last night, the buffalo guy had to stick up around the guy's shoulder.
And he's going to go check him.
And the guy from Dallas drives into him and breaks the guy's stick right in half.
Yeah.
What's that all about?
Incredible.
And football people would be out for a month with that.
That's right.
What do you think about, what do you think about Jitnik?
I guess that's how you say Jitnik.
I like Jitnik, yes.
And that guy is incredible.
I mean, he's hitting everybody all over the ice.
Yeah, but Jay McKee and Red Warner are the ones that are really playing physical as far as defense for buffalo.
Those guys are killing penalties as unbelievable.
Dallas, I think, is like one for 15 under power play in the series.
And even they had a 43 second five on three last night and still couldn't stick it in there.
No, it's a great series.
Listen, just a story about some of our Christian friends here is, I don't know if you've got the information up here in West Palm.
It was a graduation party just recently, a couple days ago.
And this 15-year-old kid got the hell beat out of him by some eight or nine kids from this Christian school.
Apparently, the inside story is that it had to do with some drugs.
But anyway, these kids are holding this 15-year-old boy down and like seven of them.
And the other kid takes a cement block and drops it on his head.
Nice.
Oh, yeah.
And so for that...
Thank you for that.
If we just had a lot more religious indoctrination, this stuff wouldn't be going on, you know?
Well, for those people, I'd like to request prison bitch this morning.
I just got through a plane and have a great day at Stranger's, what she was talking about.
Oh, I can't describe the real problem.
Oh, I understand.
Okay, she was talking about...
Ladies and gentlemen, if I could offer only one tip for the future.
Act strange and people will leave you alone.
The rest of my advice has no basis more reliable than my own meandering experience.
Put a slinky round your neck and try to walk downstairs backwards headfirst.
Sit naked in a large bowl of rice crisps and sing feelings while the colonels go sniff crackle and puff.
Go up to a ticket booth and try to stick your head through the hole where they say how much.
Lick, a stranger.
Tell him you're from Bosnia and you're a country to sign a respect.
Take lots of pills.
One of them might work.
Occasionally ask the stranger if they've heard anything from Lewis.
Be annoying.
During an IRS audit, staple the guy's hand to his desk.
Moon, a funeral.
Play Go Fetch with a C&I dog while he's working.
Run naked through a mall yelling, kill her bees, kill her bees.
Say the word, titty without smiling.
Try to figure out who said Paulie Shore should star in movies.
Don't be surprised if it's the same guy who said John Gacy should work with kids.
Ask an old lady if you can carry her groceries and try to make a run for it.
Disappear for great lengths of time.
Try to touch your forehead with your tongue.
It may not work, but many women will appreciate the effort.
At a high school reunion, tell your old English teacher that your dog's still eating your homework.
Ask Mark McGuire if they'll take a million dollars for one of his books.
Try to find the secret to care for top success.
Understand your conception was an accident.
That your parents got wasted and wanted a few more laughs before they passed out.
Try not to lose your finger in your nose.
Take a bobcustis and toss them on the lawn next door.
Go on a car trip with bobcustis and force them to stay in his car seat.
Try to dribble bobcustis.
Ask all your friends and family for forgiveness.
Knowing you, you've done some crap that's really pissed them off.
Wish no ill-willed anyone, unless you don't like them, then screw them around their own.
Realize anyone who says that completely happy are completely full of crap.
Ask a hell of a angel if he's a woman or has you always walked like that.
Understand that there are bad people in the world and you may just be one of them.
Sniff an old lady.
Imagine Gomer Pyle and the gay bar are trying to get lucky.
Do this without laughing.
Find what's left of your innocence. Understand it.
Invite it.
Protect it.
And every so often, take it out for a nice nash.
Carried off.
Not to care.
Home while you eat.
Act strange and people will leave you alone.
Oh, great.
Oh, yeah, don't have to be sorry.
That's good news.
Our package came from the Freedom from the Lidgen Foundation.
And it's got a whole bunch of those pamphlets.
I understand that's what I said.
That's why I can read all of those.
All these things.
By the way, here's a picture from a place in Park City, Utah.
And one of the ski trails is called Glory Hole.
How do you like that?
You're looking for Glory Hole.
And there's a good one in Park City, Utah.
But I put that on your list.
So we got a whole bunch of stuff from the great Freedom from the Lidgen Foundation.
Bible contradictions.
Why women need freedom from good news.
By the way, do I have to ever hear the word Diva again?
No.
You notice how we go through these trends?
And if there's nothing that annoys me these days more than hearing about all the great Divas of this Diva and that Diva and take a Diva to lunch.
18 before noon at 5.60.
QM on the road.
Friday, you fast.
Good.
Good.
Good time of year.
If you park in the sun.
When you get in your car.
You will burn up your funds and cars.
Get in the car.
And the first thing you'll feel is a third degree burn.
When you touch the steering wheel and cars.
You turn on the AC.
But it's just low-pot air.
And the black vinyl seat is finishing your cubic hair in cars.
So I'm at windshield.
I put a car for shade.
But all of my friends say it.
Let's really gain in cars.
11.47 to 5.50.
W.Q.M. got to hangover show at 2 o'clock on the XB at 6 o'clock in baseball.
6.30 to 3.30.
Show the Yankees and the Marlins at 7.05.
The Yankees and the Marlins.
Robert Ingersol said ministers say that they teach charity.
That's natural.
They live on handouts.
All beggars teach that others should give.
This is in a pamphlet of what they said about religion.
Quoting people like Clarence Dero and Einstein and Thomas Jefferson and Gloria Steinem and Thomas
Payne and Bertrand Russell and people like that.
James Madison.
Ben Franklin with his kite.
Here's a mobile in Pompo-no.
Hello.
Mobile in Pompo-no.
I'm going to go to the
Don't you love that sound?
Just cruising along right through the school zone.
Okay, let's 5.6705.60.
Pound 5.60 on the AT&T line.
Let's try mobile in four-letter mail.
Hello.
Big of a meal.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
Can you play that on a deck song, please?
Okay.
5.6705.60.
Pound 5.60 on the AT&T line.
We got two calls left on the board here today.
Like I said, there's only about 8 people in town.
I think we've heard from all of them.
The ones that speak English.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Neil, how are you?
Okay, sir.
Good.
Hope you have a good weekend.
Listen, a couple things.
One request.
The Superman song.
The new movie coming out, I guess.
The Christopher Reeve one you've done.
Yeah.
Right.
Also, just a little bit from Charles and Heston that you always do.
Okay.
That's it.
And I have a good weekend.
And the same to you.
All right.
And happy to be with you.
His firm, throbbing, rent-quist was vigorously burglaring.
Her intensely inflamed, quivering o'connor.
Well, that was one line down, but that was your kind of interest.
Isn't it?
Coming soon to let me hear you.
Christopher Reeve is Superman.
Superman 5.
Well, tell Superman, Superman quick to me, Olsen is drowning.
Hey, here comes Superman.
Here he comes.
He's in a wheelchair.
Superman?
Oh, okay.
Well, that's a little bit of a great time.
Yeah, now to call you Super Gimp.
Get out of here, you freak.
Oh, oh, Clark.
Nothing's happening.
Get on top of me.
Archer.
Ow!
I, the evil son, have widely fiddled out a way to defeat Superman.
With, with Christmas night?
No, steps.
Super man 5, a search for a bigger doorway, rolling into a theater near you.
Whoa, what a nice deck.
Thanks.
Wow, what a nice deck!
I love his deck.
It's so big.
I think mine's bigger.
I think your deck is not bigger.
When did he show you his deck?
Over at his house?
I was on his deck.
You wrote his deck?
It was before your deck.
Your deck is thicker.
My deck was pretty firm then.
You had a rock hard deck.
It's softer now.
When were you on his deck?
One summer.
For how long?
Did you want your all this?
At the time.
My deck's bigger.
What is it with you guys in your deck?
How many decks have you been on?
On.
Does it matter?
You just can't get enough deck, can you?
Yours is the biggest and the best, okay?
I'm gonna see you love my deck.
Oh, let me kiss it.
I'm gonna kiss your deck.
Oh, yeah.
Kiss my deck, baby.
And, sir, oh, kids.
Ah, rub my deck.
This is really kinky.
What?
I've never seen a woman climb on another man's deck.
And rub his hard deck and stroke his firm deck.
Does it turn you on?
You never did that to my deck.
I love his deck.
Oh, yeah, baby.
It's stuck my deck.
Hmm.
Oh, yeah.
Love my deck, deck, sucker.
Ouch.
What?
Blater.
Just swallow.
Never.
Spit it out.
Oh, girl's love.
Big, hard decks on a man.
Girls don't like tiny rough decks.
Big, thick decks.
Available at Dix decks.
See your yellow pages.
Okay.
It's an 8 before noon at 560 WDQM 567 0560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T line.
IRS rejects Christian Coalition exemption.
We talked about that for about two seconds.
And what's there to say?
It's about time and screw them.
That's all there is to say about that.
Gary Jackass is still a Jackass.
Great stuff here from the Affreem from Religion Foundation.
The best pamphlet I've read so far.
Dear Christian, this is one of my favorites.
I might just read that today.
Since obviously we're going to get a minimal response.
Here's a mobile and crawl spring.
Hello?
Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
Listen, I've got an old one for you.
And a request too.
Sit not a bench and tell Ray.
Oh, you ready?
Please, Uncle.
I love you, sweetie.
I love you.
What can I say?
Oh, I took the card of the wall.
She drives my door and she's three feet tall.
I wouldn't ride with her.
No way.
I said I'd need a day and lay it to ten.
So I'm just sitting on a bench and tell Ray.
Waiting for the valley best to take me away.
Only just sitting on a bench and tell Ray.
It might then find.
I'm so glad you tried to tell my James.
Push the buscane is so long, stay the same.
How's that going to do with you that tells me to do?
The time and highlights keep us free and safe.
Just sitting here and resting my bones.
When then why my wife won't be me alone?
We talked it over and I never waved.
I just lined up schlepping through the wall again.
Oh, so I sit on a bench and tell Ray.
Waiting for the valley best to take me away.
Oh, I'm just sitting on a bench and tell Ray.
It might be nice.
I never used to have time.
That's where you ought to end this bench with a hand of you.
Where are you going?
I forgot to look stuff at the mail today.
From the Citizens Commission on Human Rights International,
another school shooter and other psychiatric drug.
TJ Solomon, the latest school shooter from Georgia,
was yet another case of a teenager who became violent
while on psychiatric drugs in this case,
the emphetamine-like drug riddling.
Just a month earlier, Eric Harris,
the ringleader of the Columbine School Massacre,
was on a psychiatric drug lover in anti-depressant.
Kip Kinkal who killed his own parents,
the one on a shooting rampage at his school in Springfield,
Oregon, was on Prozac and riddling.
All these teenagers have a common factor,
which is nothing addressed in the media.
They were all online offering psychiatric drugs.
In the US alone, they're approximately now four million children
on psychiatric drug riddling,
a drug which the DEA places in the same category
as opium, morphine, and cocaine.
Arras.
Psychotic episodes in violent behavior
are associated with chronic riddling abuse.
Riddling is the emphetamine-like drug
widely prescribed to children for the contrived mental disease,
a tension deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Even Riddling's manufacturer warns that
Frank's psychotic episodes can occur with abusive use,
while the American Psychiatric Association's diagnostic
and statistical manual of mental disorder states
that the major complication of riddling withdrawal
is suicide.
Nice.
If that isn't bad enough,
over 909,000 children and adolescents
between the ages of 6 and 18 are on a psychiatric antidepressant drugs.
A psychiatrist and drug expert stated,
according to the manufacturer,
Solve of Lou Vox, the antidepressant that Eric Harris was taking,
4% of children in the youth taking Lou Vox developed
mania during short-term clinical trials.
Mania is the psychosis which can produce
bizarre grandiose highly elaborated destructive plans,
including mass murder.
Huh.
But let's, if we just stop letting all those kids go to the
R-rated movies and curb those video games,
and if that canoe guy would just stop saying crap
out there on his canoe in Michigan.
So you've been watching that, huh?
Yeah, Paul Boomer's brother.
Yeah, he said,
and, and, and you know what, too bad.
Or just like that, that Bobby Knight's doing,
and I hate Bobby Knight,
but I gotta get to that.
What I do, I'll get to that.
Bobby Knight accused the racist comment and choking a man.
I say, let's hear it for Bobby Knight.
He should have took the son of a bitch.
How about minding your own goddamn business?
Okay, Mr. If it is a Mr. they got this guy.
Oh, you gotta see this on page 3D in a hair this morning.
If this guy is a Mr.
that he got in this all through all the occasion with,
what is that?
It's 1157 at 560 WQAM.
You know, WQAM, my enemy,
food-batterdale.
Oh, Jake got away with further ranges from us.
I'm so white and Jewish friends.
Now we hear him say,
he's taking us out moving to Miami,
where he takes his blend in.
Go back!
Go back!
Go back to hell and you'll be low.
Go back!
Go back!
Go back to hell and you'll be low.
Go back, okay?
We may go into a next floor,
or I'll put you in the office right here.
Jack, come on, see you!
You're firing at us, old!
What you say to me?
You whacked us!
I'll just hear you go away!
I'll just never do what I had to do!
It's been the first time I got away with it!
Go back!
Go back!
Go back!
Go back!
Go back!
Go back!
Go back!
Go back!
I'm not the bank, everybody,
but welcoming me to that neighborhood.
I guess it's a good acting job.
I'm sorry we're talking about something else.
Come on, let's pass note at 5.60 WQAM.
From New Times in March in Richmond, California,
the father of a fourth grader stabbed the teacher
in a disagreement over the girls' progress.
In February in Danville, Kentucky,
the grandmother of a middle school student smashed the teacher
in the head with a nameplate on his desk
and a disagreement about the student's progress.
In March in Boston, in the process of disputing his child's
D-minus in conduct, the father of a high school student punched
the teacher in the face, breaking his jaw,
the father was an associate minister of the great love tabernacle.
There you go.
All right!
Yeah, he wanted to give him a show,
my great love was really all about.
Love in the PUS.
So speaking of that kind of stuff,
Bobby Knight, and keep in mind that I despise Bobby Knight,
he makes me sick to my stomach, but...
Bob Knight's famous temper for land had been troubled again,
the Indiana basketball coach who was convicted
of assaulting a policeman in Puerto Rico 20 years ago,
but never did steal a freighter in the interim,
could be charged with battery for allegedly choking a man
with a cue to making a racist remark.
Monroe County, this is in Bloomington, Indiana.
Monroe County prosecutor Carl Salsman said Thursday
he ended the sign of whether file charges against Knight 58,
or possibly against the other man, Chris Foster 38,
who's pictured here and looks, I don't know what that is,
a Bloomington guitar maker for provoking the confrontation
in a restaurant parking lot Monday night.
Now, wait till you hear this story.
This story is so typically American, man.
It is absolutely the...
That's the American fucking way.
This story.
Foster said he was in a Mexican restaurant in Eletsville
with a friend and couldn't help hearing Knight's
profanity-laced conversation as the coach sat
with his wife and her two sisters.
The vast majority of all dialogue with sports-related stuff,
baseball, basketball, names, statistics, Foster said,
at one point he made a comment that was basically,
when I have a black player who comes into some money,
I tell him, you buy your mother a house and you hang on to the rest of it,
because when one of those people comes into money,
the rest of them come out of the woodwork.
Foster, who is white, said he spoke tonight as they were paying their bills,
and told Knight he found some of his remarks offensive.
By this time, we're starting to walk out of the restaurant,
so I repeat to him what he said,
and he says, that's not racist, and I said, well, I'm sorry,
but you obviously don't understand when you make a racist remark.
He starts screaming at me.
I don't even know what he's saying.
He's screaming so loud at me.
I told him, look, calm down, calm down,
and he just reaches up and grabs me by the throat
and tries to pick me up.
Oh!
Foster's friend Joseph Reinhardt,
20, said he separated Foster and Knight,
after which Foster called the police.
Knight said he did what almost anyone else would have done
under the circumstances.
I have no question whatsoever about the fact that even my most
of your critics given the circumstances that I found myself
in the other night would have not reacted much differently
than I did.
Knight told him theapolis TV station WTHR.
The restaurant's co-owner in cashier said they didn't see what happened
in the parking lot and did not hear any unusually loud exchanges inside.
A waiter also contradicted Foster's allocation.
But you see, the bottom line is, what difference does it make?
What he said?
None of this guy's got a damn business.
See, this is what we're into now in America,
like the guy in a canoe in Michigan that was swearing up a storm, okay?
Too bad!
Too freaking bad, okay?
You're offended?
Tough crap.
Part of being life is being offended.
The people listen to the show every day and they're offended.
Tough crap!
If you don't want to be offended, don't leave the house.
Don't turn on a TV or the radio or look on the internet or read a newspaper
or a magazine just stay in the house locked indoors.
You'll never be offended.
Unless something like backs up in the toilet, you know?
But he overrooted him having a conversation and right away
he's got to stick his two cents in there, like it's his goddamn business.
I'm surprised all he did was put his knees in a broad and latrine,
and he's pretty well to put his hands on the other side of his neck.
Piece of crap.
And like I said, I can't stand Bobby Knight.
I'm delighted anytime Bobby Knight takes some crap.
But in this particular case, this other creep in,
I mean, if you look at that picture, I'm telling you,
if that's a man or woman or whatever, a spaceship that got off of,
or maybe it's just a bad picture.
Yeah.
Maybe he just don't photograph too good.
Just mind your own goddamn business, okay?
I know that's not easy.
He wasn't talking to you.
He was having a private conversation, which I'm sure you just happened over here.
You notice how we had chapter and verse every single thing he was talking about?
All the other stuff too.
Oh, it was mostly about this and about that.
How come you weren't having your own conversation where there with your buddy?
Why weren't you talking?
Because you were too busy at Eve's dropping.
Being a Yenta.
So there's the lesson for all your kids out there.
If you want to be a Yenta, you'll get somebody's hand around your throat real quick.
Here's a mobile implantation.
Hello?
No, I agree with everything you just said about that Bobby Knight.
And that Bret Hall makes me want to pee.
Oh, I can't stand it.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Yes, you may say, wheels.
Go.
Jimmy's favorite, my kid Chelsea's last day at school, dining here, polco-hiney.
Okay, buddy.
Okay, pal.
Polco-hiney or local, local-hiney.
Isn't that the song by Ricky Martin looking like local-hiney?
First, it was the class-againimated Disney adventure.
Polco-hines.
Now hot on its heels comes the live action sequel.
Richard Simmons is Polco-hiney.
Oh, talk about Camp One of those.
The first alternative lifestyle summer camp for adult men.
Help find your head counselor.
Polco-hiney.
Are there any questions?
Yes, you need Polco-hiney.
Do you have a little Indian in you?
No.
But the night's still young.
Ow!
I'm serious, please.
Let's get some sleep now.
Tomorrow we'll be up at the crack of dawn.
Oh, by the way, have you met my brother, Don?
Ah, hand up and introduce yourself.
Richard Simmons is Polco-hiney.
And it can't be one of those.
The campfire isn't the only thing that's flaming.
Ow!
Okay, guys.
One more weenie and I'm going to get it.
Where is Wail and Flowers gone?
Pack corn and I don't care.
Sleepy pack corn.
All right.
Now I'll show you how to make some more.
First, you pack the five.
Oh, ends the marshmallow.
And now, Graham, come here, Graham.
Oh, God.
You'll hear fascinating campfire stories.
Alice Carth, my great uncle, was a little big horn.
He was very close to General George Armstrong Custer.
They were actually dating toys.
After last peeping together, the general was quite around.
I guess you could say my uncle was there for Custer's second class.
On a big green this summer, we had Polco-hiney,
co-starring Jim J. Bullock as little big swallow.
Wow.
I sure do enjoy the great back to...
I mean the outdoors.
Oh, the campfire is full.
Polco-hiney, can I ride in your Jeep?
Sure.
Have you ever ridden in a Cherokee?
No, but I want French kiss and earacorn.
Oh, God, my uncle's carrying domed Halloween as sitting bull.
Charles Nosen Riley as spinning bull.
And Chuck Berry as squatting bull.
Polco's carrying a cute doggy dog as Duranimo,
and featuring a special cannibal appearance you won't want to miss.
Hey, isn't that same-deterny, Robert Shapiro?
Yes, I am a counselor here.
But you're not an Indian.
Yes, I am.
What tribe?
What else?
Soon.
I can't imagine a good woman making an Indian stuff with Polco-hiney
from touch-dool pictures.
Really, really.
I want to tell you this stuff from the Citizens Commission on Human Rights
about drugs and kids and all this other stuff.
I mean, haven't I been telling you that for years?
About all these kids loaded up with sugar and all these products,
you know, for fun and profit that they're selling.
So your kids can be bouncing off the walls.
And instead of changing their diet, which costs nothing at all,
instead of doing that, let's make a lot of money.
That's what this one book says.
Psychiatry, retrain and drugging children for profit.
And that's what America's all about.
Here, let's load them up with the riddle and let's not get them off that sugar.
Having them hyper and crazy and bouncing off the walls.
Let's put them on a lot of really dangerous drugs and see what they do then.
So I have an afternoon at 5.50 WQM.
You want to go.
All right, this is G Gordon Litty.
And they don't come any worse than Neil Roger.
No.
Hi there, ladies and gentlemen.
Today, we have a very extra special thing that's about to show us all about something special.
I remember doing it right now.
Come on in, let's go, man.
Aril, Litty.
Hey, brought by something I wanted to show you.
Ooh, I wonder what it is.
It looks like a...
I'm stuck to push with a cold tie.
It's me bag boy.
You want a bag?
Hey.
Ooh, what?
Can I cut you?
Sure, go ahead.
Ooh, ooh, run your hands over there.
Hey, that's fine.
Hey, like velvet.
Hey.
What's this right here?
That is the blowpipe.
What do you do with the blowpipe?
You blow it, lad.
You blow it.
You blow it.
Hey, you put your mouth around it and your blow.
Okay, can I do that?
Hey, would you like to blow my pipe, lad?
Oh, can I?
Sure, go ahead.
Okay.
Come on lad.
You got to put your mouth around it.
No, don't be afraid.
It's not going to break.
All right, like this.
Hey, that's a boy.
Stick it on the way down your throat.
Hey, you mean you're doing it right?
What's this over here?
That's midshandas.
What do we do with her?
What do you do with that, lad?
You put your both hands on it.
You cover the hole and you run your hands up and down the shaft.
Real quick.
Hey, run your hands up and down it there.
Now what you want to do, lad?
Is you want to blow my pipe?
You want to squeeze the bag nice and gentle.
And then you want to run your hands up and down the shaft.
Real quick.
Okay.
All together all at the same time.
Okay, here we go.
Good lad.
Hey, that's good lad.
Sure.
Hey, good lad.
Keep going.
Move harder lad.
Harder.
Squeeze the bag.
Squeeze more.
Let's run your hands up and down the shaft.
Stick faster.
Run your hands up and down faster.
It's so slow.
It's so slow.
It's so slow.
It's so slow.
It's so slow.
It's so slow.
It's so slow.
It's so slow.
It's so slow.
Get the gun out of there again.
After the kids, we put her baby.
Oh, this book is enough to make me.
I'm going to talk about this on Monday.
I don't want to get everybody depressed today about the drugs and kids.
It's got all this whole list of all these kids murdering people
and about all the drugs that they were on.
And this one kid was put on Ritalin when he was in the third grade.
November 20th, 1986.
Rod Matthews, 14 B2 classmate to death with a bat in the woods.
There was a house in Canton, Massachusetts.
The rod was extremely bright.
He was put on Ritalin when he was in third grade.
It reminds me of all of those other great statin drugs
for cholesterol.
I was telling you about several weeks ago.
And at one hard book where he says,
only people who have a very short lifespan
who think they only may live a very short time anyway
should even think about using those drugs.
How do you like that?
Ow!
But hey, we don't have to worry about stuff like that
because theaters will make it tougher now for teenagers
to see our rated films.
So that will stop all the shooting and the ever-int-behavior.
There you go.
So typical in this country.
Every time there's some kind of a problem, some kind of a crisis,
what kind of freedoms can we take away?
How can we shackle the people so we can put a bandaid on it
and make it look like we're doing something.
Instead of going a little bit deeper than that and really solving the problem
because you go after those drugs, it's bad for business.
And like I said a couple of weeks ago, in most civilized countries
where they have like real socialized medicine,
oh no, don't say that!
Or medicine isn't a profit-making deal where the government takes care of the people
and the people have a right to have quality medical care
and whatever they need.
Profit isn't the motive.
They're not even allowed to advertise like in Canada.
There's no profit motive.
But in this country, like I've said before,
it's the medical mafia.
The doctors, the pill companies and the hospitals,
put them all together and you've got a bunch of dying people.
That's why there's all these quack diets going on because nobody cares about that.
That's why every Sunday morning, including this Sunday,
you'll see all those quacks on there with their phony fat sucking up drugs
and a keto sand and this one.
And that one, all this garbage, all this like that ad I talked about yesterday,
is Sun Sentinel.
Half a page of a big lie.
And they take the money and put it right on it.
They don't care. They don't give a crap. They're like us. They don't care.
560, 560, 0560, 0560 on the mobile one lie.
Here's a facts by the way that makes a good point.
Although half the facts didn't make it.
But nevertheless, you think anyone would have been killed if Eric Harris smoked
a joint that morning instead of taking his medication?
If marijuana could only be made by a pharmaceutical company,
it would be legal because then there'd be a profit motive in it.
Absolutely correct, sir. Right on target.
God forbid that some kid out there should smoke some weed.
And I see just this wild epidemic of people smoking weed.
I want to give you a, I want to give you a, telling each other.
It's incredible.
That's this country.
Your government's all screwed up.
They have no clue even where to start.
And so what they do is they come under people like that, or Senator Snatch.
And they pontificate.
They get up there with all their self-righteous bull crap.
And about all the vulgarity and about this and that.
Bologna.
But it sells good in Peoria.
They like it.
Sounds real good.
And you know, why not take a bullet for Jesus or Allah or Buddha
or whoever wants you to take one this week?
Here's the mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Yeah, hey.
Yes, sir.
Speaking of sh- I see- you see that bread- oh, bring it off the pipe.
Yeah, I saw it.
Oh, man, the water bottle was jumping up in the air.
Uh-huh.
Um, you know, let's pass another stupid law.
That's, you know, let's put metal detectors in the school.
That way, they're the first guys to get shot when there's more on community guns, right?
Uh-huh.
Hey, would you play a blank stop?
No.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60.
You see what I'm saying?
About the, you know, you know the deal.
We can have 72,000 different things at which we do.
We have, I think, 183,000 different bits in there.
And it's always the same like 5 or 6.
And that's why generally I don't do this.
But it's, uh, it's not really a holiday, but pretty name close.
You see any people outside?
No.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil, how you doing?
Great.
Have you seen the A&E special on, uh, OJ and the Justice System?
Huh?
No.
Oh, it was on last night.
You got to catch it.
I don't know if I can see any more OJ.
MSNBC, now that the war is over in Kosovo, now they picked up the OJ craft.
It did.
Channel surfing last night, they had his, uh, her name is Mary Cox, from New York.
This bitch is talking, such craft, and it was a white supremacist group that killed Ron and Nicole.
And, uh, all this race, they won't let OJ alone because it's a racial thing.
It was the most nauseating thing, and I just, by, I said to myself, that's the end of me and OJ.
I don't want to hear his name again.
I don't want to know from him.
I can't take any more.
Well, you know, that, that book's coming out.
Did you hear her?
Yeah, the book's come by, uh, by, uh, who did she say it was by?
I agree or great.
No, no, by, uh, Garrison.
Yes, sir.
Mr. Garrison, he never first named.
And then the one woman said, yeah, I think you're talking about Jim Garrison.
He's been dead for a few years now.
Right.
Hey, uh, any chance you could?
Mr. Garrison.
I'm looking for a couple of requests to maybe one.
Yeah.
I think she's going to read with Will Clark.
That would be fit.
No, okay.
All you can eat Negro, Phil Henry.
Okay, thanks buddy.
Don't be rubbing it in.
I called Richard, uh, Matt Fitzhuck.
I have a tough time with his name.
In fact, I knew when he scored that time goal in the game last night, I thought to myself, if I go to mention his name tomorrow, I just have a tie.
I don't know what it is.
In fact, they interviewed him before the game.
Good looking guy, by the way, he looks okay to me.
Richard, Matt Fitzhuck number 24.
Big, tough kid.
Kind of like the, uh, spiritual leader of the Dallas Stars.
But nevertheless, I knew I would butcher his name up.
So what does this guy want?
All you can know, what is that under?
Phil.
That's it's under Phil Vash.
Yeah, as in Phil this.
How about Phil's twisted or Phil?
Did you fear your nephew was in hell?
I feel that my nephew is not on the floor with Phil.
Not with the Lord.
In other words, in hell.
I don't know.
I feel like no one alone.
And because of his body, I remember.
So you fear that that Roman Catholic Communion is their
nature of nephew's body?
Yes.
All right, we have on the light of Van Ays here, a Roman Catholic priest on KFI in 640.
Hello.
How you doing?
Good.
Good, as Matt, first of all, I put my condolences to you on behalf of your nephew.
Are you a priest?
Yes, I am.
Yes.
Okay, so I just want to let you express something for you, okay?
Yes.
So this is just, you've been informed about the mental affairs.
That you are a priest.
Well, if you had just hanged on, I would explain to you what I believe is,
and then you can draw your own conclusion.
But you eat people.
The next thing that our teaching is,
and you draw your own conclusion.
Let the father explain, okay?
Okay, first of all, we believe that when you receive communion,
we receive the body and blood of our Lord Jesus Christ.
Oh, my God.
You will hold on, man.
No, I mean, I'm just calling to let you know what I believe is.
You eat flesh and blood.
If you want to look at it, that way, that's fine.
Oh, my God.
That's fine.
This is our belief and you draw your own conclusion.
I want to promise.
Damn, you've got to let the father explain.
Well, when I want to have you here in talk about it,
you can see that you have been informed.
This is a show-raiser, like Clive, like a young man.
Okay, first of all, okay, the young man said,
because you've been informed about what happened to your nephew and I,
and I, you eat the buck, you eat the whole damn thing.
Excuse me?
Don't you eat it?
We eat the whole thing.
The whole thing.
But he said he's the whole body of your own man.
That's not what I said.
You said you eat the blood and the flesh.
Of who?
Of a man.
No, of Jesus Christ.
Oh, God, oh, that is a blush for me.
Well, if you take it from me, that's fine.
I'm trying to do it until you're gone, I believe.
You eat up on the booty too.
Do you eat up on the booty too?
I'm not going to answer that.
I don't understand what that means.
What does this man talk about eating the Lord Jesus?
What in the flesh?
I'm not going to say what he has in it.
From this scripture's man, where Jesus said,
bread and blessed and broken and said,
take this and eat it.
This is my body.
Oh, good.
And then if it's the cup of wine, you said,
take and drink.
This is my blood.
And again, he says, I'm going to eat my body and drink my blood.
You have no right to eat it.
Oh, my God.
This is good Friday.
Exactly.
You're talking about eating up on Jesus.
I'm going to tell you that.
He has this blood and an evil eyeshadow
and his Easiness to drink.
The evil eyeshadow shows him!
And if this forgiveness on me now,
He compliments and he's like a ant and he juvenile being
When you think of a girl who is born
that the devil,
I'll tell you.
Listen, it's fine, that doesn't matter if you say it.
It's like a brother bus.
I'm gonna follow you.
Listen, Father, I thank you for taking the time.
I really do.
I'm your good Easter.
You pay for your sins.
Well, only better to die.
That's true.
Thank you, Father.
All right.
That was a Roman Catholic priest.
And Macon on my boy like a brother bus ain't.
Oh, you can eat me.
What was it?
What did you call me?
You could eat me, bro.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh, no.
Oh, you can eat me, bro.
Oh, no.
So, I understand.
Yes.
Okay.
1227 at 560 WQM.
That's Friday, you bastards.
I'm gonna go to the church.
I'm gonna go to the church.
I'm gonna go to the church.
I'm gonna go to the church.
I'm gonna go to the church.
I'm gonna go to the church.
I'm gonna go to the church.
I'm gonna go to the church.
I'm gonna go to the church.
I'm gonna go to the church.
I'm gonna go to the church.
I'm gonna go to the church.
I'm gonna go to the church.
I'm gonna go to the church.
Oh.
This is unbelievable.
You're number five from the HBO special season.
What is the name of the show now?
She's on there again.
What did I tell you?
The minute the war was over in Kosovo,
now we're off all of that heavy duty coverage
and nonstop intensive history.
Now we're back to him again.
Oh, and on.
We can go back to John Bonet,
but we already decided that daddy done it,
mommy done it, and the brother done it.
So, yeah, and the dog done it.
So, what's the point?
Just astonishing how desperately sick you people in the media are.
Just beating and whipping and flailing and flagellating.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
And you know Channel 7 runs with it, right?
They're running on it, yeah.
How you doing, sir?
In fact, probably they'll be jogging them with him when he moves down here.
Rick Sanchez will be jogging with him in the morning.
Yeah, listen, I usually affect my material in,
but today I figured with a shortage of calls,
I might as well give you a call.
I can only, you know, it's the least I can do.
I'm gonna request.
Yes.
Please be seemingly decent farmer's song.
Farmer's daughter?
Farmer's daughter?
Yes, please.
What name did you give us?
Seemingly decent farmer's song?
Okay, whatever you say.
Thank you, sir.
Okay.
Do you know what that means, anybody?
No.
You do?
What?
Seemingly decent.
It's not decent, but seemingly so.
That's what he was trying to say.
It wasn't funny.
Oh, I wish you wouldn't have explained it to me.
Sorry.
5, 6, 7, 05, 50, 05, 50.
Well, why did you have to go explain it to me?
You were the whole thing.
There was a no farmer who's lived on a rocker.
He said in the middle just shaking his hip
at some boys who were down by the frick.
There being the water there and on their marbles
and play things and that half-passed for.
There came a young lady.
She looked like a pretty young creature.
She sat on the grass.
She pulled up her dress and she showed them her rumbles
and laces and white fluffy dung.
She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children
so they would not spend.
While the boys in the barnyard were shoveling
refuge and later from yesterday's hunt,
while the girl in the meadow was rubbing her eyes at the fellow
down by the dot.
He looked like a man with a size of four home
and then she was rubbing the country with a big fence out front.
If he had her phone lightly, she'd show him her
nesto pet dog who was subject to bits.
And maybe she'd let him grab hold of her small dinner
and with a movement so quick.
And then she'd bend over and suck out his candy
so tasty made up of her sky.
And then he spread with cream all over her cookie
that she had that down on her shelf.
If you think this is dirty, you can go for yourself.
Oh right.
1237 to down to decent of me.
23, 414, 560, WQM.
Yeah, like instead of like doing studies on
why these kids are acting this way in all these grotesque drugs
and the barbarian society that we're living.
Instead of doing that, let's build some more stadiums.
And arena, stuff like that.
And have a wounds basketball team.
And a curling team, huh?
Let's hear it.
That's what we need.
That'll solve all our problems.
Yo, man.
What's up with the public?
I'm just a poor...
Can this be low-pass?
You've got huge buns.
I can't do it, it's literally the sun.
There are parts of you that will never stand.
Nothing flows under your giant can.
Can this be low-pass with sun?
No way.
So what can we do?
We can't believe that your butt's wide-name...
Let it snow, let it stop flowing.
1243 to 560, WQM.
560, 705, 60, 05, 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
How are you doing, Uncle Nail?
OK, sir.
I got my girlfriend listening.
If you could please please, share your puberty care a little.
Share your puberty care a little?
Please.
I got it, George.
Just relax.
Thank you, boy.
I was just going to...
I was stalling for like two seconds.
How about share your puberty care a lot?
Will that be OK?
Then go try to trim my little off the side.
OK.
With your fusion and a little to the little half of time.
Not too far like the Hitler mustache.
Like a triangle first time.
I just really created this.
You were kidding.
So I can raise it.
I don't want to swear at you today when I'm down between your name.
And it's melon kind of game.
You could use a black gourd shade.
I'm not treading through the jungle.
That's far as the brillo that you've got.
Because I feel like I'm having sex with these times.
With your fusion and a little to the little half of time.
Not too far like the Hitler mustache.
For like a triangle first time.
Every time we do it, after I do it, I think the truth is.
I don't see a lot of problems.
I don't see a lot of problems.
I don't see a lot of problems.
I don't see a lot of problems.
I don't see a lot of problems.
I don't see a lot of problems.
I don't see a lot of problems.
I don't see a lot of problems.
I don't see a lot of problems.
I'm just having sex with these days.
Nothing serious.
The efforts companies are so excited to start having sex.
These days, since the next few months, I probably don't know the breathing introduce.
5667 0560.560 on the mobile one line.
How about that morning that Beeto said, you know, about six weeks ago, that morning when
he said something?
Let's go to a lady in Miami.
Hello?
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Hey, I missed you.
I moved out of Miami about five years ago.
As I come into South Florida, there you are.
Here I am.
Yeah, I can.
Just like the sun.
There are only two things you can't take out of this town.
The sunshine and the old Neil.
It's right.
You're one of the only things I miss about this place.
And who can blame you?
That's all we got is the sun and the old Neil.
Well, I just called to say that I still love you.
And do you still let people call people with douchebags?
Yes, ma'am.
Okay, Joe Butchle and Carol and Glenn Hodges, your douchebag.
Okay, have a great weekend.
Love you, Neil.
Bye-bye.
Welcome back.
5667 0560.560 on the mobile one line.
Anybody got anything to say to them?
Besides these?
No.
Stupid request.
Anything got any?
No.
Sorry, I brought up that stuff about that great game last night because obviously there's
just, oh man, the intensity this town is just, oh, I'm fire about that.
How is it possible to have like four million people in the Tri-County area and have so few
that have got any clue about anything that's like good, you know?
Craft, they know.
They know their craft.
Ignore mistake about that.
Here's the lady in Boca.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Yeah, I also have everything important to say.
I have nothing to tell.
I can say today I'm sitting out with son except I think you're diamond.
Of course you make my whole day.
Great.
The reason for calling is going to have a request.
I have a relative from Connecticut visiting the past and he would love to hear that song
with the names in the pharmacy or pharmacy names.
Some names?
Some names exactly.
Okay, sounds good to me.
Okay, thank you, good guy.
And have a great day.
Thank you, terrific.
Hi.
Let me gelo, orange gelo, gas, xx, xx, you broke.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
I'm going to have a great day.
Yeah I wanted to play, but now I want to have a great day.
I want to have a great day.
Oh boy!
it's the one two two hours!
Oh dry!
It's the one two two hours!
� Poland for the keyhole!
� Poland for the keyhole!
on steam choke.
I want to have a great day.
ноз celes,ójl, calidad expere.
au fater 0 Pi.,000 per second
Yeah I want to have a great day.
I want to have a great day.
But then, F过eth or claimed tectmotor E Rolle-Watch Resort
Mommy's head was thawed in. She almost got whipped wash. I don't know what she went drinking but you got a note mustache.
They've seen through the keyhole. I'm sure what I see.
But I sure do like him more. I see things on TV.
Mommy and Dad were full together like my Lincoln wands.
Was fine. I saw something like that. Mom went to yell it at the door.
Dad was breathing heavy. Mom was on her knees. He must have had a poopful cause she took them where she peed.
He's been told to pee hole, watching mom and Dad. He's been told to pee hole. The mom thought we had her hat.
But we watched a little longer and I started to get sick. If Daddy's name is Helmer, why mom asked for dick?
Daddy grew on his eye full back. Mommy wanted more. She went back on top of him but oh he did look strong.
He's been through the keyhole. Has a minute hat. I can't wait to drive his hat off. I'm throwing my hat.
I can't wait to drive his hat off. I'm throwing my hat.
I'm throwing my hat. I'm throwing my hat. I'm throwing my hat.
I'm throwing my hat. I'm throwing my hat. I'm throwing my hat.
I'm throwing my hat. I'm throwing my hat. I'm throwing my hat.
I'm throwing my hat. I'm throwing my hat. I'm throwing my hat.
If love of Theresa would look like Pamela Anderson, do you think she'd have been a nun?
Good question. We'll take a poll out Monday. Thank you. 560-0560.560 on the AT. I know they'd need a bigger casket. I know that.
She picked a bad weekend to die. Mother Theresa, bad timing. They say everything in life is timing.
Bad timing, sweetheart. Wrinkled up old bag. Bad timing. Get up stage by that Diana.
Here's the lady mobile implantation. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Are you still waiting for me?
I'm speaking to you right now. I'm waiting for you. I'm praying for you. Whatever.
I'm still waiting to talk to Neil. Well, this is Neil. I'm speaking. Oh, you're Neil. Hi. Well, I'm a little late. I wanted to call you last week. You had a program about where are all the lesbians and plantations.
I did. Well, I am one of them from plantation. All right. I didn't get a chance to call you, but I'm calling you now. Great. We are out there. We need a lot more lesbians and plantations.
We're out there and we're living great and spending money and all the gay places and keeping our people alive. Great.
I also wanted to tell you. Yes. I got a mattress using your name. Great. So that really worked well.
And you ever go to disappear for drinks? No. We got to go there. Okay. I'll see you there. Sweetheart. Bye. Bye. Bye.
I'll show up that mattress. Don't smell like fish after this weekend. 5 6 7 0 5 60 speaking of fish by the way. Who picked those sandwiches out? You know, Joe Castell. I'm never going to let him pick out my lunch again.
Apparently it was a madhouse. I don't care. Apparently, at least he could look in there. See what he's bringing one that had locks on it, which I started to and it all. That's like that's like almost as bad as anchovies. Yeah. Exactly. That's that was precisely my thought. I got locks in my puts. Oh, fat.
And then another one had like egg on it. I do like omelets, but I don't like any other kind of egg. I mean, oh man, just a look at it. Looks like some pre-eating.
You know, pre-tasted by human lips. God. Good never less. The first one was pretty good. You know, the little slice of tomato and the cheese and the little slice of whatever that was. That was great. That was an animal lunch. Thanks, Joe.
And it's really interesting too. They're all running around all these barbarians in there to hop it up all the free stuff when we have stuff in here and feed them. You know, then it's great.
But when we'd like to get a little bit of something that's, you know, it was brought for everybody else. Oh, screw it on guys. Okay, screw that. They can get their own goddamn food.
Always been that way. Was that when you had the joint too? Sometimes the cops people would think of us. The employee that is. Yeah. Oh, yeah, when they had stuff that they had more, they would come up to everyone.
So while somebody would come up, you know, not here. Only there. Never happened here. Never happened to Paxon. No, and definitely not here. These are the most selfish bastards I have ever seen in my life.
Now, you know, the color again, man, if he's like one day late, we run under one. Where's the goddamn water that B-fold? You know, him and that whole morning crew. Where's our water? Our water.
Remember that thing? They were militants about it like pissed off and fired up about it. Of course, the more water that B-fold drinks, I mean, less room for more food. He was eating out in the hallway because the Duncan don't ask people here this morning, which thank you again for my nice little piece of bacon. You see, I don't need a big lunch because I had that cheese and bacon and sausage thing. Just a small one.
And they're still terrified of me, though. Well, what is their problem? What a couple of pussy's? Okay, good guys. Excellent food.
Go ask him if he wants some tea. Go ahead. Go ahead and go.
Oh, no. Why? What is their problem? I told him you didn't bite, not them. Not a chance. Oh, forget it. What a thought. That'd be more than the locks.
8 minutes after one is 560 WQM.
Yes, stop! It's me fired up when I hear someone say that.
Oh, baby, come play with my sloth!
Okay!
Maybe I can sound that you can take a bigot long.
Oh, baby, come play with my sloth!
You don't have the swallow, I have a washcloth!
Aiden, please let your gone down on me.
Oh, baby, where is his other man upon your knees?
Sure!
You can't afford some dirty stuff.
Well, here I come, the rest of it is pure!
Oh, baby, where is his other man?
Oh, baby, where is his other man?
Who's your daddy now?
It's coming after one is 560 WQM 560.
And the AT&T wireless line here is Fort Myers.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yes, hi, how are you?
Great time, Carla.
You had a bathroom song.
There's something about crapping.
Remember that you played several months ago?
Something about crapping?
Yeah, the bathroom song.
What do we have so many of them?
Oh, well, I'm sorry.
Don't be sorry.
That's the one I picked you up on.
I'll play one of them then, you would.
Anyone about crapping?
Yeah, I'm one of those guys who made it.
I told them they had souls before by it.
Okay.
And have a great day.
A bathroom song?
Is he talking about Barney takes a dump or something like that?
Which I'm not going to play again today.
Because they just played at the other day.
It's one of those things that we're really thin.
Really, really thin.
Do you know what he's talking about?
There's flush.
That's good enough.
That's good enough.
That's excellent.
I always like to flush.
Of course, when you're constantly training more on a glory hole than on the handle.
Where when you're going to my house.
Every time you ask to use the call and let's use it.
Yes, that's fine.
But when you're done with your home,
you need to hide a very special distance.
I surprise you when you got to ride a cute show
with a little glass and just remember to flush.
What?
I'm going to play a little bit more.
I'm going to play a little bit more.
I'm going to play a little bit more.
I'm going to play a little bit more.
I'm going to play a little bit more.
I'm going to play a little bit more.
I'm going to play a little bit more.
I'm going to play a little bit more.
Where here is a river on the tank.
It's a river on the tank.
It's a river on the tank.
It's a river on the tank.
You come with us and far is no place to be.
You just have to scrub your mouth and say,
you start.
You just mentioned at interesting point about human nature,
wieeat algorithm.
our own guess is, if there's nobody else around we love the
ormoe of ourONE forests.
I mean everybody just oh deeply in hairline and some of high as long as nobody else is around a smell
Because then it's embarrassing
Everybody loves the aroma of their own in fact a lot of people actually with their hand
Blow it in the direction of their nose so they can take a really good whiff and not miss any of the fragrance aroma but
But if you look at the bowl even if it's your own that you know you just deposited there
It's not any more appetizing than if it were somebody else's now that's interesting because you know what they say crap is still crap
No matter who it came from you know
But gas that's a different story. Mmm aromatic wonderful lovely
Interesting point just for the first time in my life it goes to show you there are new things do avenues
We haven't explored yet new ideas we haven't thought about
Here's your field beach hello. Yeah speaking of crap super talk of Rick and Feds. Yeah, they get me going in morning
Yeah, okay, thanks. Thanks for the good call probably John Ford once back on that morning show desperately to get back down to a point six
In fact that's that's their new model over there. What's the point?
Point one those kind of what's the point you know well she really got ripped up big time and at the Howard Beal thing
Oh, and City Link the whole station but her especially and deservedly so to by the way
I mean just tragic
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's a mobile in the Weston hello
Well, yes sir Neil my god. I just want to thank you a few things love fish food
Right love the act inside at a lot of 18 pounds so far
Mm-hmm, and I just want to ask one favor. What's that website for the freedom from religion people?
It's a www.fff.org
Fffrf.org
F is in that word okay great because I got I work with one is religious
Not even they got a whole bunch of they got just fantastic pamphlets you might ask them
It's not the only like I don't know maybe a quarter of piece or whatever, but to send you a whole bunch of them
Oh, yeah, because it puts that that when you read was just fantastic
Yeah, dear believer then I'm just reading one here to myself called dear Christian, which is I think maybe even better than that one
Okay, so tell me I have to get a copy of that. Tell them some of all of the above
Okay, thanks. Okay, and God bless you sir you too made a good Lord bless them keep us and let's take a
Will it for Christ okay or maybe just a arrow in the in the toe?
Bull up for Christ is going a little bit
How much is like maybe in there not a poison arrow just like a little broken arrow in the in the small and the ankle maybe
Just kind of like not a direct hit here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Yes
Love your show. Yes, sir. I got a question and I have a question
I want to look for your best L.C.D. for a gift. I have my own blood
Got a call center one got a call up center one. Oh, okay. What's that number George 800 339 1 800 339 2 815 2 815
Okay, great. They got him and also
That hill but we saw it. It's kind of like a rhyme. I'm not sure what it's called
I think I'm not farmers daughter farmers daughter that's the one just played it. Oh great. How about this?
Oh
Well, I have to hold those song in it
It's actually the tree is in the hill. Well, I know my sister all my life
That is why she's now my wife
And I think my son may know it's true
He's my nephew too
Yeah
Well, my daddy is my uncle's old mother is my dear aunt
Oh, it is very plain to see my first cousin is me. Oh
All right
Hey
Please if there is a god save me from hearing one more asshole New Yorker talking about the Nick
Okay, I mean I don't really care. I couldn't give a crap less who wins any of those sports ball games
I don't care but I don't want to hear any more people from New York talking that swill
Okay, with those real real heavy stereotypical sounding voices. You know the ones I'm talking about I think he does oh
Oh god, please don't do it call up the light bulb. They're not even on the year anymore. So call them up
Call up stupid talk
Talk to that psychotic bitch about the next stuff like that
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir
I'm talking about stereotypical last week some guy called you up and he was quite offended
But you playing some bit on about crack. Yeah, could you play it? Sure
And dedicated to him. Okay. Thanks. He had a little crack problem. Okay. I think it was in his back
Oh, yeah, that might have been the problem yet or maybe it was he put his ears
Light up a little bit pal about four shades okay, you'll be able to relate to this
You have
That be going to
chan
I'm not going to crack fit it and be stabbed in my blood.
When I eat going to crack fit it in a load my ass junk.
I never go to crack fit it without packing my gut.
Yes, keep rock, poke, every pile.
Know that every now and then I sell some crap to a wild dude.
Right here, I think I'm some with buck bones and the intersection working for free food.
Right here, I think I'm a little bit of a bubble house with no windows.
And be not in a more wish or she might save a red hole.
Poin, poke, poke, poke.
Yeah, keep going to crack fit it and I'm going to sell my crap.
I've been going to crack fit it.
You can count on that.
I've been going to crack fit it and that's my wrap.
I've been going to crack fit it because I've been bad yet to rock for every pile.
I'm supposed to be a guitar player.
I'm supposed to be a guitar player.
You mean you can play no guitar?
You don't want to play no guitar?
Oh, fuck.
Yeah, I hope that young man is still listening.
Maybe he's lighting up a couple of shades since he called last week because you just have to have a little sense of humor, man.
About anything and everything.
Goofball.
Check it out.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, what is OJ1 from the west coast to the east coast?
He wants to move from the west coast to the east coast.
Yeah, they have laws here that let him escape all the years and give him all his money away.
No, he wants to commit murders three hours earlier.
Oh, okay.
Great.
Three hours earlier.
Got it?
Three hours earlier.
You got that?
Not three hours later.
Like if it's three o'clock and they have to go out there at six o'clock and not only is it stay a little old pathetic, but you got it back with two.
Okay, Jack asks.
Excellent.
56670560, 0560 on the AT&T Rottles line.
He wants to come down here because he don't want to pay the Browns and the Goldmans and he wants to live the life of Riley with his good buddy.
Who is still ain't brought back our big black plastic penis, by the way.
I wonder who he's doing.
I mean, what he's doing with it.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Boy, was that joke pathetic?
Yeah.
Hey, Neil, look at the one-
He couldn't even get it right.
Exactly.
I wanted to tell you my roommate and I started the AT&T Kins in April, both of us, plus 35 pounds.
Great.
And it's a great diet and I heard you talking about a flagellum earlier.
And I've been a notorious partner my whole life.
I have often wondered if I'm ever going to be able to get married because I really have a problem with beefing it up in my sleeve.
That's like starting the AT&T Kins diet.
I'm not kidding.
I don't fart anymore.
In fact, I aspire to fart how I use to fart.
And I just can't do it anymore.
No.
Well, you know, I don't even have too much success with that, unless you take that, you know, some fiber.
Yeah, I get the lack of carbs that causes that.
I've been a little backed up too.
Oh, Shameless request.
Yes, sir.
All you can eat Negro and I've already played it, sir.
Oh, you did.
Already played it.
Okay, how about going to be good for spoken salesmen?
Okay.
Okay.
And have a great day and don't do that again.
Cheers.
I'll send you to our cast stand.
Nothing against the Irish who understand even though they're once a drunk.
This is what makes me vomit.
Sit down in Jamaica and I'll tell you a thing.
They got the best of her that you ever.
Yes, sir.
Ask anybody in that table.
Oh.
They tell you this different way that I can't jump you.
On the right.
Oh.
You can carry lots of herb in the gunny back.
Smoke it every day until you're lunchtime like with all the money that we have made.
Jamaica doesn't need any foreign aid.
America and tourists come here and say, got nothing like this in the US.
Hey, they smoke.
Smoke, got the smoke, smoke.
They light up the split and talk.
They smoke with your lucky.
They begin to puff and choke.
Okay.
Smoke, got the smoke, smoke.
Oh, we're fine.
They're gonna be good.
I'm the nervous on you, our arousal man.
You like to smoke to giant slip wherever you can.
Many people coming here for miles around.
To bite the earth from you by the ounce of nip.
Rustamani say to her, mama, you're right.
They can't be good tonight.
And then they smoke.
Smoke, got the smoke, smoke.
They light up the split and talk.
Smoke, got the smoke, smoke.
They can't be good.
Jaman.
You know, I would have promoted your appearance with Prime Code tomorrow from 10 to noon,
but the sheet I'm looking all over, it's long gone.
George is gonna be a Prime Code along with a bunch of other people.
Oh, good.
From 10 to noon tomorrow, which is located at...
Oh, I never actually read this thing.
29, 10, what's the whole thing?
Which is...
The Oakwood Plaza shared it in 95, in order to end east respectively in the south end.
10 to noon tomorrow.
They got all kind of freebies and they got those motor roller ones.
The motor roller leather purse packs.
The leather purse packs are really like a real pack.
Having a headingway lookalike contest.
Hot chicken wings.
And they got the three stuff that we talked about yesterday for all the people that show up
with little packs of stuff.
They're packs of food and food and cups and a big sandwich.
Okay.
And the first 80,000 people that show up.
127 at 5.50.
They can have dinner with us tomorrow night.
You know what Friday you best good.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Tell me that you love my eyes.
But I know that you keep on checking up my eyes.
Don't plan it cause I'm very cute.
Squirt, squirt.
Check out my breath and spoken on my slow steady ears.
You come onto me and let the things in my ears.
And I found a...
But if you wanna tell me,
You know, the things about me,
I don't think you know.
I'm underage.
I'm empty.
You should be scared of me.
Cause you could throw a challenge in me with me.
It's a dream.
You and the friends of me.
She was 25, but she's just a dream.
Perfectly.
I've been my last surprise.
Daddy called the costless man.
So I got some perfect to read
because I've happened to be
not a mocker.
And my ears.
And I was just thinking,
well,
of my show.
She's a dream.
She's okay.
You should be scared of me.
You're a mental woman.
Those tomatoes are dying of fire.
What is that?
She's looking right.
I'm telling you,
it's just the fire.
So let me ask you this.
She was 15 years old
with a making difference to anybody.
No.
Huh?
14?
No.
Anyway, it's a 133 at 560 WQAM.
But C17 is so close to 18, you know?
Right?
Don't we always round up to anyone?
Oh yeah.
I mean, I know guys.
I was like, oh yeah.
You know, 17 is close to 17.
And 560,
0560,
and 0560 on the 183 WQAM.
Well, she's 17 going on at least 28.
So she's okay.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Yeah, this is Nick Carter from the Backstreet Boys.
Yeah.
I just want to say.
Show me the meaning of being lonely.
Oh, jeez.
I hate to break the news to you,
but Nick is in Europe right now doing this,
singing a little better than that.
Okay, sweetheart.
And a little more macho, not too much,
but just a little bit.
560,
0560,
0560 on the 183 WQAM.
Oh, that was weak.
Now, what was the song of the Hi-Lia thing?
What was it called?
The Hi-Lia song.
Under Hi-Lia.
Oh, I haven't played that today.
Oh, yeah.
Excellent.
Now, there was a song.
This other guy just make believe Nick Carter.
I'm going to report you to Nick, okay?
He'll come to your house and have somebody beat the crap on you.
Somebody else.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'd like to thank you for saving my life.
That's the first thing I was laughing so hard.
It took off late,
and the accident happened right in front of me.
Really?
Yep.
Can I give you a save of life?
I was left and right there.
Jane from the bank told me I saved her husband's life,
and it's cholesterol is down to this.
And I went to the gym once for a quick.
Go ahead, yes.
That's all around the house.
Okay.
Thank you.
It's great reluctance, he said,
because, oh, that thing is getting real.
You know, it's getting old and ponderous.
Hello.
Ms. Peterson.
Yes.
Hi, this is Bob Williams, down at Surrey's Bob's boss.
Oh, hi, how are you?
How are you today?
Fine.
Are you sitting down?
Yes.
I'm afraid I have some bad news for you.
What do you mean bad news?
I understand that Bob's been with us for almost 20 years now.
Bob's okay with me.
Oh, Bob's fine.
Oh.
A little upset but fine.
He's been a good worker for us.
He's made all his quotas, his bonuses have always been in line.
But we're going to have to let him go.
What do you mean?
We're going to have to fire him.
And unfortunately, being the boss sometimes you have to do things
that you're not very pleased doing.
Wait, that's not very fair.
He's been very loyal to you.
Yes, he has.
That's like a slap in the face.
I can imagine you failing that way.
Absolutely, but.
Feeling that way.
You don't understand.
You just had a baby.
Yes, I don't understand.
We have bills up the in-yang.
Understood.
This is a very hard time to do this kind of a thing.
I fully agree with you, but there is something that's happened down here at the office
that we can't overlook.
It's an image problem and a problem that you might want to address yourself.
I don't look quite how to tell you though.
Why are you firing him?
Um, what's the specific reason?
What could he do?
It's a little delicate.
Unfortunately, we found him on top of his desk making love to his secretary.
Oh, that's kind of a bit.
Well, I can understand you're being upset at this point, but.
That is not the word.
That stupid rotten son of a bitch.
I can't believe this.
Well, um, he's going to need your support through this.
But who am I?
Yeah.
Right now he's on his way home to you when he can't believe it.
On his way home to me.
He's got another thing coming when he gets from.
I'm going to change the locks on the door.
I'm going to step aside on the front lawn.
He can just have it all.
I'm not even going to be here when he gets back.
That's the son of a bitch.
And now, now, I don't feel so bad about.
This brother.
Show me the meaning of being on there.
Okay.
You guys are so excited, right now.
No.
So many words for the broken heart.
Let's just a little.
And for the heart to see, it turns out so far to believe.
Walk with me and me and die until the night.
Because of the wild and free.
Okay.
That's enough.
It's 22 before 2 at 5.
I wonder if Hank ever got this New York article about the herald and what a piece of record is about David Lawrence.
Because he was actually about it on the year of the other day.
Do you know what you do with me?
Is Hank in there?
Is he around?
Yeah.
Fat Hank.
He's doing the show here today.
No, no, wait.
I want you to take this article because I don't know if you ever got it because I'm done with it.
I read it and it was right on target.
And he might want to see that from New Yorker.
Tell him it's from the New Yorker.
He'll understand.
It's about how the herald blows.
Oh God, New York.
Join the anarei to start dancing today.
Have yourself a downhill prison fun.
Oh, right.
Well, your friends away will back you all away.
You're bending your right corner gone.
When you think of all the benefits you're getting,
life will be sweeter when you catch your heater.
You carry a light, and silly deadly.
Come on and join today.
You see an arrogant way to be a member of the anarei.
In for the mission, in for the chest,
and always in for the head,
it's their way of life that's sharpening your skin.
You feel more comfortable seeing that you can spend your life with all of us.
So come on and join today.
And you'll be proud to say you're a member of the anarei.
Feel the sun,
your every wish,
We'll be done.
144 at 560 WQA.
Hank Goldberg at 2 o'clock.
We got Donnie H.B.
At 6 o'clock, H.B.A.
With a pregame show, whatever he's called himself this week.
And then we got the Marlins in the Angus tonight,
which is tremendous and risk for the Yankee fans.
And Marlins fans probably got other stuff to do.
I mean, like the guy said the other day,
a lot of interest in the Marlins,
but who wants to pay to go over there and see that crap?
What are there's all these other things to do?
560 at 560,
Pond 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
And the hell with education and worrying about kids blowing each other away
and all of these things.
Well, we can build new stadiums.
Now we're talking about it.
Yeah, that's the position we take here on QAM
because more new stadiums means more team stick around here longer
and the more money we can lose for Greg Regigo.
Here's the Naples. Hello.
Hey, my name is Daniel.
Yes sir, speaking.
Oh, man, for any of these fools out there that thinks that the Catholic Church is stable
and supportive family environment,
they should pick up the paper today and read the Associated Press article
where the $500,000 was awarded to the young man
who was the altar boy who was altered by the priest.
There's no fact in the church.
Exactly.
Where was this?
It was in Port Charlotte.
The Catholic diocese of Venice will pay $500,000
to settle a lawsuit alleging that church officials failed to prevent
an altar boy from being abused by a priest and acquired director.
As if one was bad enough.
Yeah.
Absolutely.
I got to have that.
I got to have a copy of that.
Oh, it's in the Associated Press.
I don't know why you guys don't have it.
Look, you think this place has a wire serve?
For Naples, you should know the Beasley.
They still have the first two nickels.
They're still rubbing them together.
It's a Beasley world.
Yeah, I pay you today.
A day late.
That's why I got my check-alate this week.
So they could go out and buy a house for $80 million.
Did you see that place?
No, I did not.
Have you heard about this?
No.
It's absolutely atrocious.
Really?
It almost made me sick as that last weekend working at that bottom
mitzvah that the father spent a half a million dollars on for this birthday party.
Yeah.
Give me a break.
Anyway, next time you're up in Toronto, great city.
I was there last summer.
Yes, sir.
Can't wait to get back.
Right.
I would love to immigrate to Canada.
Anything to get away from these knuckle dragging red necks around here?
Amen.
Alice Fizzouli's?
Oh, yeah.
I've seen the ad for that place that I've never been there.
The great Thai enjoy, yeah.
Fantastic.
I don't know if you get into muscles.
But I've been there.
I'm in the muscles.
Yeah, baby.
Oh, yeah.
I'll keep squeezing them.
Okay.
Yeah.
I'm in the muscles, all right.
In fact, somebody had his shoulder.
Well, I want to go into that.
CT.
You know what that's all about.
Yeah.
No, put it over on your sleeve back down, please.
I mean, that's so obvious.
You know, when somebody sits there and starts to like,
I mean, come on.
Okay.
Just wait till dinner this weekend, man.
He didn't know what that stood for, by the way.
What?
CT?
Yeah.
Yeah.
He also ain't never seen a glory home.
Well, you know, sooner or later, you've got to bring all these knuckle-bubbed
draggers into the real world.
All these have been animal people.
Of course, we know there's no glory holes in Cuba.
147.
What am I doing this for?
Any time for that, yeah?
Boy, just calm down.
Relax.
You sound like you're on Doggy Uppers today.
Like you're on those, uh, your poppinette riddle him.
Like Peter, what's his name?
We got Peter Luger in the steak sauce.
Now, sales department.
My best friend.
Oh, jeez.
He is so...
Oh, slimy.
See, he's slimy looking.
The other one's just slimy acting.
Put the two of them together and you've got a real jackpot.
Here's a mobile and four-lotterdale.
Hello.
Hi, Uncle Neil.
How are you?
Great.
Great.
Just want to let you know that you turned me on to the Ackin' Diet.
I appreciate that.
And speaking about food real quick, have you ever been to Anthony's Runway in the Fort?
Oh, yeah.
Many times, that's a great place.
Great place, son.
You don't want to be eating there on a diet, boy.
They do.
Oh, my God.
They give you unbelievable amounts of food.
Oh, wow.
Great food.
And shameless request.
Yes, sir.
Are you going to have to help me out here real quick and forgive me?
What the black American language is that they have ebonyx, or ebonyx?
I can't remember the name of it.
Bubonyx?
Yes.
Oh.
I took a call from the ebonyx.
They said the future piece has told me now I can get no job.
Because I don't got no literacy.
I was talking like an old league road.
Ebonyx thought they had this way.
Now I can't beat nothing.
I heard it say it.
That's OK.
Change my name to shoot, roll, drive a douce and a quarter and a candlelight.
I remember when I was feeling all the white men's cars hanging outside,
the building their bombs, grind the blues out poverty.
White dealing scotch knows y'all told me it's fine.
So the bubonyx can get my nonsensical change now.
I got you going to sell more crack cocaine.
Rack cocaine, crack cocaine, crack cocaine, crack cocaine, crack cocaine, crack cocaine, crack cocaine, crack cocaine.
You know they want to borrow your song.
Ebonyx makes me sound sonny.
Got nothing to do with literacy.
Now I got to make more money.
They have a pool.
Sounds good to me.
I got plenty of nothing.
Ebonyx can get me anywhere.
Maybe I'll mug an old white bitch.
Steal a purse and a fuller hat.
Then I gonna take some money.
I am a hell of a man.
I am a hell of a man.
I am a hell of a man.
I am a hell of a man.
I remember when I was feeling all the white men's cars hanging outside the building their bombs, grind the blues out poverty.
White dealing scotch knows y'all told me it's fine, it's fine.
So the bubonyx could get my nonsensical change now.
Got the gold, silver, crackle cage, crackle cage, crackle cage, crackle cage, crackle cage, crackle cage, crackle cage, crackle cage, crackle cage, crackle cage, crackle cage, crackle cage, crackle cage, crackle cage, crackle cage, crackle cage, crackle cage, crackle cage, crackle cage, crackle cage, crackle cage, crackle cage, crackle cage, crackle cage, crackle cage, crackle cage, crackle cage, crackle cage, crackle cage, crackle cage, crackle cage, crackle cage, crackle cage, crackle cage, crackle cage, crackle cage, crackle cage, crackle cage, crackle cage, crackle cage, crackle cage, crackle cage, crackle cage, crackle cage, crackle cage, crackle cage, crackle cage, crackle cage, crackle cage, crackle cage, crackle cage, crackle cage, crackle cage, crackle cage, crack
anda
you
