Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
You're talking Neil called 567-0560 toll free for date and brarror.
Or count 560 on yourself both.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect
those of WQAM easily read acquisitions or the Beasley Broadcast Group.
Now Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
It's Friday you first news.
Looks like a guy.
She said she's 17 wide.
She makes me want to touch rice.
She said she's a fat, a stiff with a dick.
She's with a dick with two smelly chins.
She's slowly chins, uploaded and ugly fat dick.
She wants a lady to stop with you things.
And Rhythmi Lauren asks it's on like this.
But we find that amusing from that self-promoting ugly face.
How much were you saying?
Formatica's saying.
I richer seen the lens.
The tricks are fast.
I wake you up with reading a low hand.
I'll guess I guess it wouldn't be worth it.
I'm a human being, and it's like you're about so far away.
Just really you see your clean.
You've had a pocket of ugly smelly dick.
You're really not touching a thread.
Oh no.
It's a big tip of that thing.
It's kind of 1550 WQM happy Friday.
Today's the big day, baby.
It's going to have a party today.
We're going to have a Post-Peniscate party right here on a year today,
because in just next 90 minutes it's going to be all over.
One of those right-wing lunatics, all those Clinton vashes,
those bubble vashes going to be doing.
Well this just doesn't sound right at all.
You know what?
I'm not going to get started on that.
They do have their DCS upstairs.
They got their DSS, whatever it is.
They're damn dish.
They got a dish upstairs.
The only problem is the fish in a box.
It's still sitting on the floor in a box.
Oh, I wonder if it's milky or flasher.
But anyway, you know, Boog must be doing something right,
because he sure gets a lot of heatpacks as I'll tell you.
So I'm going to tell you something, boys and girls,
here's a little secret for you.
If you're just an ass kisser and you're not pissing anybody off,
you're probably pretty boring.
But if you're like somebody that's getting people ticked off on it,
then you must be doing something right,
even if you are real fat.
Boog inspired me to do a one of our quick mini-poles here this morning,
like we did yesterday.
Maybe we'll do that every day.
Yeah, okay, it inspired some good stuff.
For the fatist and ugliest here at QAIM,
which we've got a lot of candidates, me,
I'm right there near the front, but I got news for them.
I'm not even close to being the fatist.
Not even close.
And Joe, you're full of crap by the way.
You didn't just see me sitting down.
I was standing up and you know, God damn it.
You just suck an ass again, Joe.
You know, say something, fathead.
And we know Steele's got the fatest head.
But we're not, he's not a candidate for the fatist and ugliest on the station.
I mean, we got the will to beast,
which the people of the audience have never seen that.
And believe me, and then we got fat boy,
who is the whole man.
I'm telling you, at least one, you got to be more specific.
Why? You can't use that nickname for it.
So Jeff is known as fat boy.
That's his name. That's his non-deplume.
And don't give him no plume because he might eat it.
By the way, Tracy, and that we're not talking about Tracy Caroseto or our own Tracy,
we're talking about Tracy DeCronik Factor.
Yesterday, in the day before with Tracy Foster,
today is Joey, who hates booge-like poison,
and says, stop sucking everybody's ass, booge.
Then here's Peter, who says, you're a fat piece of, um, the booge.
And he also mentions that Pat Riley,
I didn't hear what Booge said about Pat Riley,
or listen to the station, but Pat Riley does listen to the show, by the way.
I'm going to tell you something. Pat Riley,
now that Doug McLean is long gone out of town,
he's the only coach of a professional team in his town who admits,
who are listening to this show.
So even though I hate the NBA, I can't stand Mickey Ererson.
I don't go for the grease down here, look,
but Pat Riley is a good guy with a sense of humor.
Because he listens to this show and admits it.
How do you like that? I like it.
I've gone there, Pat, you're a good guy, okay?
Get into a real sports someday. Maybe be a good hockey coach.
How about those Panthers? Any interest? No.
Beatin Red Hot Ottawa 3, one up there last night,
and that big black guy named Peter gets another goal.
Any interest? No. Okay, we won't talk about that. No more.
Sorry. Just thought I'd mention that.
Okay, there's our mini pool for the day,
who is the fattest and ugliest now? Let's see, who are all the candidates?
God, there's so many. Well, you see,
it's not fair because the audience doesn't know all these people.
And I got news for it. I would be surprised when he comes back
from his eating vacation if Vivo is a candidate.
Seriously, I think that after they got done with Vogue
with the bicycle pump, hopefully they washed it off first
because there's a lot of that typhoon going around.
They washed off the tube and stuck it in D-fo's rectum,
like pumped him up a little bit. See, when Arnold talks about pumping it up,
I don't think that's what he had in mind.
Or when one of those lymph-a-1 spots we have on the station,
when they talk about pumping up your... I don't think that's what they had in mind either.
Because D-fo, maybe he's in training for it.
Maybe he's sitting at a buffet right now as we speak some,
or in training for the fat off. That would be a good contest.
Of course, that would be some promotion. It would be kind of funny.
It would be very funny and amusing. Isn't that a great idea for promotion?
There you go, Sam. Sam, are you listening? No.
You got any interest? No.
That would be a tremendous promotion, the fattest slob at QIM,
which I would gladly participate, Hank is certainly in the running.
Although, I guess he lost... I haven't seen Hank in months.
And since he had that real, real scare here a couple of months ago,
he lost, what do you say? A couple of ounces. Oh, he lost some weight.
Although, even if he lost some weight, I wouldn't be surprised if...
If he's still in the running. That was... Yeah, he's still in the running.
And we got fat boy upstairs, we got the wildebeest, we got the schmogrippin.
Of course, he's not on QIM, but he's in the same family.
Josh, ready? Oh, no, jeez.
I was trying so hard to forget. Engineer Julio.
He's not that... He's fat, yeah, you're right, he's pretty fat, but not like Josh Friedman.
In fact, I think the finalist already is Josh Friedman at the wildebeest and the fattboy, Jeff Fye.
Those are the finalists.
I mean, if you could see the three... In vision, the three of them...
What? What length down the hall together? Jesus Christ!
As flimsy as this building is constructed, just in vision, the three of them
and one of those elevators down the hall together.
Oh my God, because these elevators break down if there's like a butterfly gets on there.
Like some of the people from Power 96, like if a butterfly gets on there, the elevator breaks down.
But with the three of them on it together, no chance.
So that's something you might think about with your sarcastic tongues this morning.
I sure hope that lady calls in today because God, I'm in a great mood.
I'm almost over my rash. I'm feeling a lot better, but like the doctor said, it takes time.
It's going, it's going, it's going, it's going already, but it's a myth.
Thank God for that.
Anybody out there going to be flying American Airlines anytime soon?
No.
I just want to say this, okay, American Airlines, you suck.
That's what I want to say.
And not that it didn't interrupt any of my plan because I do fly American once in a while.
Once in a great while, I have one of their advantage ear-mile things, you know.
But I'm a very rarely fly American.
Quite far like I've said before, I've been fear.
American Airlines has got the best food of any of the domestic carriers by far.
They really have some good food.
It's just that you can't get out of God damn plane. That's the problem because their pilots are assholes.
And even though that judge said go back to work, they said, no, we don't think so.
We're still sick today.
And they, you know, half a million passengers just at LaGuardia the last seven days have been all screwed up just in one airport.
So you can imagine nationwide how many thousands and thousands and thousands of flights and how many millions of passengers have been screwed up.
And you know, I don't know about you, but I think by now you know me well enough to know that my vacations are pretty goddamn important to me.
Like all 85 vacations every year.
And if you've only got a few days vacation and you've got like, you know, some kind of a trip plan, do wherever you're going.
You're going to Hawaii, you're going to Vegas, you got a ski trip to Aspen or a barbie going.
And then along comes these pilots and screw up your life and I blame American.
I don't blame the pilots. I blame the airline.
They should do whatever it takes, whatever it takes to settle that because I got news for I could be wrong.
But if my vacation or my life was like totally disrupted and of course this is a three day holiday weekend.
It's one of those bogus presidents, the holidays. If my whole deal was disrupted.
No matter whose fault it was, I would still blame the airline and I would say American you suck.
I will never fly you again.
And even though they didn't disrupt any of my travel plans and I'm not going to be flying them anytime soon.
Then I know I still probably won't be flying them because I don't trust the ambiance of the way they do business.
They don't care enough about their customers to do whatever would have taken to get the pilot satisfied and get them back and do something.
Whatever the hell it took to get them back to work.
See I've been really lucky all the traveling that I do over the years.
I mean I have been really lucky.
The only time I can think about a long delay was that one time in Amsterdam we get to the airport to skip all airport names.
Did I'm coming back home?
We go to the check-in counter and they say are you aware that the flight is leaving four hours late instead of 10.30 at 230?
And I thought oh Jesus.
And then I realized there's the Harlem casino inside. There's a little casino inside the airport and I'm still not.
You know this story.
And we go in there for five minutes. They got about 40-50 slot machines.
You know it's a little dinky casino. I go in there and play for like four or five minutes and they're dinging the name.
The bells are ringing at 960 bucks.
Which quite frankly I don't know about you but a thousand dollars in you know four hours it was worth a year of stay.
That's been my only like major inconvenience.
I've had other things with you know malfunctions and minor delays an hour here or there.
But I've never had one of those deals so I don't think I could cope with it.
You know you see those people have been sitting in the airport for like a day and a half and two days they're just sitting there on their luggage.
Would like to look at death on their post.
I couldn't deal with it.
I think I might just snap a little bit.
10 minutes after 10 and 560 WQA.
This is a bunch of hooy.
Oh, there's an awesome trouble for you.
That's just now look what you're doing.
Oh, best of luck with the same dress.
Best dress, best dress, best dress, best dress, best dress, best dress.
Oh, oh!
Best dress, best dress, best dress, best dress, best dress, best dress, best dress, best dress.
Yeah, it gets fine, gets worse, worse come.
She's saving the dress like a low-loved skull.
It's best like two, two, where's the periphera hat?
Where's the size 14, she's got, she's so got this back.
Not but she's at pretty, she's my bad brat but she's in some of my playing just the way I like.
Best of the kind of fencingσ�
All now without my design
Best of scenes.
Em, best of scenes.
Best of scenes, best of scenes being kids.
Best of scenes being kids, best dress being, best dress being kids.
Best of scenes layions with this tango
and Monica Gate and Linda Tripgate stuff today.
And maybe after the day, we don't have to be planning no more.
All Monica Corses, I mean Linda Trip, she's making the rounds.
She's all over the goddamn TV if you have a big screen.
In fact, she ought to be in the contest too, by the way. Big fat cow Linda Trip.
So at any rate, the votes are going to be between about 11 and 11.
30 because they're behind closed doors one more time,
because I think there were three more senators right?
You know, just go through the formality of it.
And we'll put it on there, baby.
We'll open up that pot from CNN and we'll be able to hear.
I don't hear it.
Yeah, exactly.
I and, you know, I and maybe one of them will say,
I could be and then we'll get it over with.
And then all those bubble backs.
You're out there.
They'll have to find something else to do.
Oh, by the way, speaking of maybe they didn't play with their little telepubbi.
Because I come in this morning and what's sitting here for me on the counter.
Nice going there, George. Wow.
This is one of the most precious things I've ever received in my life.
My very own tinky winky.
I've always wanted a tinky winky, you know?
And here's my purple tinky winky in a box.
And quite frankly, it looks like something for my favorite martian is what it looks like.
It's out of this world.
It's like a purple little stupid thing is what it is.
And I don't see anything gay about it or straight or I don't think it's anything
do sexual about it.
In fact, it looks like rather smooth down there.
You know what I'm saying?
Yes, they're all very smooth.
Right, kind of like our promotions director.
Very smooth.
Yes, an old smoothie.
Oh, God.
And then we got the Mandage story.
Got so much stuff going on here today.
Tom Zicker writes in the sports section, though,
as TV radio writer.
Oh, TV radio writer.
Nice story about the radio ratings, by the way.
The last two books, Tom.
He just was busy, you know?
Mandage fired from TV post.
And now this is really old news.
But for some strange reason, it shows up both in very jackasses column today.
And also in the Tom Zicker writes in the sports section, the Sun Sandwell.
Jim Mendic has been cut.
It says WPLG channel 10 is told the former golf intern broadcaster that he no longer
will be the station's weekend sports anchor when his contract expires on April 17th.
I think what put him over the edge was even walked up to the GN there and asked him,
were you fudge back him?
Does this mean he's been fired as Mandage would say?
Yeah.
Yeah, that's what it says.
Yes, would like 10 S's, you know?
So a little Tommy Jicke, a little my good friend who's bald and stupid and don't listen to show.
He must be listening.
Don't put any spins on this to colorfully blunt mandat said that's what happened.
He got canned, axed, fired.
Mandat said he was called in the news director bill.
Paul Hobie's office a couple of weeks ago and was handed letter from the general manager, John Garwood.
It informed him that his contract would not be extended.
I read it then, but ask me if I had any questions, Mandat said there is much to ask when you'd been just told.
You've been fired.
The reason cited, Mandage said was his inflexibility in accepting assignments.
The former University of Michigan, all America runs a construction company and is available for broadcast work only on weekends except in special circumstances.
The outspoken Mandage, who also host sports talk programs on WKYM 560 AM, has been a presence on WPLG off and on since 1986.
He has anchored the weekend sports reports for the past two years.
Right?
Yes!
He said he leaves with no hard feelings.
In fact, he's hoping that he might be able to prolong his association with Channel 10 in a limited form.
I suppose I might try to continue with sports, jam live, the locally produced program that precedes Monday Night Football during the fall, he said.
Paul Hobie declined to be specific, but offered the likelihood that Mandage will be asked to continue contributing to WPLG.
Even after Mandage's contract expires, Paul, he said, Jim Mandage will be a valuable part of eyewitness sports.
Mandage will also continue to serve as the color commentator at the office of radio network.
See what some people are realized.
In fact, some of the people in this building are very lucky that Mandage is prime source of income, is from his construction company, which restricts the amount of time that he can be on the air.
Because if he did have a more flexible schedule, I guarantee you would be hearing a lot more of Jim Mandage on this radio station.
Yeah!
Like on a very, very regular basis.
Yeah!
Like I mean, many, many hours a week.
Yeah!
But he's great.
Don't be knocking Jim Mandage to me like I've told him many times before.
He's not just another dumb F-jock.
He's an entertainer.
He's amusing.
He's hysterical.
He's a panic.
Am I right?
I'm son of a bitch.
Exactly.
So there you go.
No more Mandage on Channel 10, at least for a while.
Then somebody I think always casino stands so I don't thank him so much.
Send me the article from Tuesday, which somehow I missed it about the Swinclubs bust in the Broward County.
Can Jenny's psychosis and the pleasure police?
I'd actually seen this in print.
A veteran Fort Lauderdale police officer in a Broward Sheriff's Office corrections officer,
among 24 people arrested and charged, would loot and lascivious behave your early Sunday morning during a raid
at a Swinger's Club near Tamarack.
Sheriff's deputies raided the Trappies International Club 3660 West commercial boulevard just after midnight Sunday.
They found more than 100 people inside the club, but arrested only those who were involved in sexual acts.
Oh my God.
Said major Gary Moore.
I thought Gary Moore a bit the big one.
Head of the Sheriff's Office Strategic Investigations Division undercover officers from that division have been stocking out the club after receiving anonymous complaints from neighbors more said.
We're not in a business of promoting morality here.
He said just in the business of promoting state statutes.
If there are other of these establishments around the country that are doing similar act, they may have a problem with the Florida state statutes around the county.
Along with that, well, but I'm not going to read the names.
And why they're in the paper. I have no idea.
One is a Fort Lauderdale police officer. One is a BSO corrections officer.
One is a corrections officer with Broward, a civilian employee with Oakland Park Police, and it's said to have been so on.
Sheriff's deputies and the club owners Dennis Friedland and Alan Maasda, both of both of them were also arrested.
Those arrested were charged with second degree misdemeanors.
Sheriff's deputies made a similar bus three weeks ago when a famous forum near Pomano Beach was rated and 31 people arrested and charged with loot and lascivious behavior.
Again, I know we had no very response to this.
At least not on the year because everybody's terrified to talk about it on the year.
Unless their voices be recognized.
These are private clubs.
Let me say it for the 500th time where people pay a dues to join.
They pay a very hefty amount to show up every week whenever they show up.
Nobody is dragged enough to street.
There's nothing overt going on like out in the front steps out in the parking lot.
There are no hookers hanging around because nobody needs any hookers in this place because anybody is getting any hits on the inside.
But oh no, we can't have that because Ken Jennings got higher political aspirations.
That's what that's all about.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Good morning.
Yes, sir.
The two fat candidates. First of all, Marlon Brando or Dave Deans?
Dave what?
Dave Deans.
Yeah, Deans.
Are they doing Deans?
Yeah, he's a pretty gay man.
Yeah, I don't think I wanted to call you about.
I was a friend of mine that made me an email and he sent me a couple of antigrams.
And the first one was evangelist.
And if you take the letters from evangelist, you can get the word evils agent.
Those problems, neurologists, Christian Neurolus out there.
Ironically enough also, if you take the words President Clinton of the US, you get.
And you rearrange letters, you can get to calculate, you find interns.
So it's kind of ironic.
Yeah. Never really give it much thought, but I guess you're right.
Now, I was just doing our how they take 666, etc.
I thought it was funny evangelist with evils agent.
Yeah.
Anyway.
I think most evangelists take it the wrong way.
Like, back bone.
Yeah.
You have a good morning.
Yeah. Have a great day.
Okay, we got one call on the board here today.
I think maybe we'll just play the medley of all the penis-gate stuff until we get ready to put the thing on the ear from Scott.
Yeah.
And 56670560, 0560 on the mobile one line.
I guess nobody here flies American.
Nobody hears the head any of those bad experiences.
Nobody here has fired up and pissed off about that because probably all the people that are having the problems are sitting there in a goddamn airport at MIA with a real sour and nasty look on their puts.
Here's a mobile in South Miami.
Hello.
Good morning.
Yes, sir.
What's the need of helps in the game last night and I cannot believe Robert said it won't you say like three of four times calling on.
What else?
Thank you.
Okay, whatever you say is a sniper and you're getting the phone.
Okay, that takes care of our calls for today.
Oh, takes care of that.
I think what we need to do is move these a breaks up a little bit anyway.
Huh?
Also, we have plenty of time between 11 and 11.30.
In fact, let's just jam them all together and then we can sound like the worst team in the morning.
Evidently, there's a lot of people really bitterly complaining and screaming and carrying on about the format on the worst team, which I guess is getting worse and worse than ever before with nine minutes of commercials and three minutes of sports updates and basically no show.
I mean, no show is a sports term.
But the worst team is being fourth and don't blame them for don't blame the guys on the show that again is the formatics of the station ourselves department and our management.
And people are like turning off and doing evil things to their radio and getting really fired up and pissed off because the breaks are much too long and there's like you can't even find the guys that are on the show anymore in between the sea of spots.
What we got to pay way and you know 1025 at 560 WQM.
I bet this is you have to stop.
I'm not.
She wasn't in time for the president.
Early on she wasn't sure what it meant, but he would show her.
Oh, right.
She should show her.
He took her on a tour of the evil place.
And when they were through, we held a bioface and he said no.
Okay.
And when it came, he had it in his head.
She said really well.
I'm going to take the stand.
I'm not the world's most curious man, but for what I hear.
I understand she wants to go.
Here.
Go, go, go, go.
Go, go, go, go.
Oh, wow.
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go.
1031 at 560 WQM boy, you can feel the people sweating right now.
Can't you?
They're sweating bullets.
It's less than an hour now.
They're going to be voting probably in about a half an hour.
And they're going to be going no and no and no like that.
50, 60 million dollars at least flushed right down the toilet tax pair money.
People are starving.
People are freezing to death on the streets of America, North.
50 to 60 million though we could find for this escape because we're supposed to be all duly outraged at this unacceptable behavior because the president got a few blow jobs and wanted to cover it up.
And after spending all of that money, his political enemies have been after him since the day he got an office the first time.
Couldn't find anything else.
Couldn't nail them on anything of substance.
So they found a substance on address.
And that's what they went after.
That was the only substance they could come up with.
And we've been dragged through all this sanctimonious hypocrisy.
All this.
And of course we don't want to insult the house managers.
What is that about?
Have you heard that comment?
We don't want to insult the house manager.
We can feel like it was wasted their time under which hunt.
I mean if you're going to get a lynch mob together, at least make them feel like it was worthwhile.
Right?
Yeah.
Thank God.
Thank God.
If this is going to be over-with, then they're going to try for the censure thing which is not going to be a failure.
And that's going to fail.
And then that'll be it.
We can have a big celebration, a big president-state celebration appropriately enough over the weekend and move on with life.
And the TV network will all have to find something new and exciting to deal with.
Here's a mobile in Homestead.
Hello.
Neil God.
Yes.
Hey Neil.
Speaking of American Airlines.
That garbage in the air.
I had a business trip up to Atlanta Monday.
And stuck in Miami by the way.
I showed Monday my flight set eight show by said let me show below early show by six.
The line must be 40 deep.
There's two purchasing agents that's it.
Everyone else just coming around and screaming at the flight.
I canceled.
Yeah.
Go to somebody in charge.
You might not opening up to another person else.
I need to have to catch a flight.
Oh, sir, that's all we have right now.
We're taking care of the people from yesterday.
Isn't that just great?
Yeah.
What about the people from today?
Okay, we'll get to you as soon as possible.
Well, that's not as bad as coming back from Atlanta.
Now, that was murder.
I don't know if you've ever been to Atlanta.
Many, many times.
See, that's not...
I mean, not marriage place.
The airport is a living nightmare.
Oh, God, that's just, you know, I just wanted to get an historic story of a American Airlines that garbage in the sky.
Okay, you have a very good time. Thank you. Okay. We have an open line of Brown, all three and they five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on a mobile one line
Last call to the day. Here's a mobile and bouquet. Hello
Mobile and bokeh hello nioh. Yes, it's one of the car. I love your show. Let's see every day
Keep doing what you're doing. Don't listen to those those Christian idiots. Yeah, and I call quiet and asshole
Okay, well, well, well, well, you know yesterday we really had him fired up and pissed off and foaming at the mouth and the little me like a schmuck that I usually am a
Committer-day assuming that today is such a momentous day in the history of our goddamn lives
I thought these people would be just overflowing with stuff. Are they no they got nothing, baby
They got absolutely positively nothing. They don't care about American Airlines
They don't care about penis gate coming to an end. They don't care about anything
You name it they can be oblivious to it
Five sit here's our last call our last
Feeler, okay, even that bitch that call yesterday twice not once
That was so incensed over the fact that I'm on the air whatever she was upset. I still don't know what she was upset about
Which I invited I extended a special personal invitation for her to call back. Did she call yet? No five six seven oh five sixty
Tom five sixty. Seriously you folks are the slowest starters. I have ever seen in my life
I've worked on what about a half a dozen stations in this market all these years and the people maybe it said that crossover thing
Maybe there's a much greater changing of the guard on this station than on IOD or wherever else
But I mean it's just unbelievable you have to kick him into the seat of the pants
You have to browbeat and you have to stick a big sharp poker up there
I can't just twist it and turn it in product
To get any kind of movement out of these people
Man
Here's Miami hello
Yes, sir. I've been American and Dallas. Is that a wonderful airport to go to?
That's another piece of crap where you can walk by the way about 500 miles between gates
How about Moses to get to Israel
Facing that's that thing that takes you outside by the way the shuttle they have
American and Dallas one time we're going to one of our Vegas excursions and
You know you're on that thing and you're it's like being a Disney World
It's like you're going around the whole county before you get back inside the airport
Like wreck is like one or two of the worst places to go ever. Yeah, you're right
Take care to have a week guys and back to you, sir
Yeah, I think we're gonna take a survey on this is there a worse airline
We're pissed off at American right now. Okay, even those of us who like their food. By the way
Thank you very much for somebody sent me pop El Burre's rookie card
Man look at that thing
With his Soviet outfit on CCCP which is SSS are in Ruski
Man it's good thing you don't look that good anymore. I'll tell you people be talking
Here's a camera killer
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing great?
Hey, you know, I can take it a week. I was lucky enough to be in Spain and then in Colombia
You know they don't even care what happens over here with the president the first thing on them people's mind in Spain
was a when was the bombing that stopped in Iran and
And I'm sorry to rack yeah, and the thing that was highest on the mind of people in Colombia are is the
You know when it is that we're gonna do more things with the drug trade when I asked about what about what's going on with our
In pigment they say well, it doesn't really matter to us with the president doesn't own business
It doesn't matter to anybody with a brain anybody who's not the right so sexually repressed and so immature as the American media anyway
And the way it dominates our headlines and it doesn't even show up until the third or fourth story
Sometimes it doesn't even show up at all on a given night and they're TV right amazing and our country really is to take a look at what the whole
What our country needs to do one thing sir grow up. Oh, yeah, hello
Hi Neil time it's making easy and maybe the country is growing up
Adjust the median of politicians are just a tad slow just a little bit behind the times you think that's possible
Well, I sure can't wait till Monday that would Larry King sucks a little trip. I asked for an hour on CNN
I'm serious. I mean, I know that over the years
He's probably never done more than two or three interviews where he really asked any significant hard questions
With other than just tossing his usual marshmallows because everybody's his good personal friend
I've been doing this a long time. Yeah suck an ass right
But if he brings that cow on your Monday night and sucks up to her and let's her get away with her bull crap
Oh, if I if I she was my daughter if I had a daughter like Monica
I don't want somebody to do the same thing for her that I did for Monica right
Take record the conversations set her up with some right wing attorney
I mean of course
I mean there's equal
Capability here because you know what was Monica doing sending mommy to dress you know all the way around
Sinister bitches. That's what we're talking about and we're sub and then they're saying all in and he ruined her whole life
He ruined her life. This is some bitch that is gonna make more from the selling of her book and her the movie and her stories and her
Bob-Bob-Wall-Wall interview she's gonna make more in the next month once this thing is over today
Then most of you are gonna make in the next 10 years million. She's gonna make but he ruined her life
fat slut
That's what you deal with Lucienne Goldberg Linda trip Monica Lewinsky three fat sluts
Three little pigs three big fat. Yeah, but who you think?
For us big whatever the other one might be in fact put all three of them in our contest, okay?
Don't you not
Well, now, don't you tell me to lie?
I love that Monica big fat guy.
The star-public use I can't deny.
I hate her big and hairy pie.
Do you know who I knew?
My president of juice was squirted on you.
Love a Monica.
I'm at the oldful house.
I rolled that boy sick wheeled his down.
Nicking out with Monica in my limbo.
I couldn't have picked the fat of Ben Boat.
Feeling patriotic of a black hole slope.
I'm a whole door sneerly choked.
When she sucked down my bit fat wheeled his down into the street.
Like an order in a building.
Hillary's mad.
I'm down in my knees.
It's the whiskey and the Dr. Reese.
It's the whiskey and my Dr. Reese.
It's the whiskey and my Dr. Reese.
It's the whiskey and my Dr. Reese.
It's the whiskey and my Dr. Reese.
It's the whiskey and my Dr. Reese.
Superstar report.
I really can't cope.
I'm the president.
Now the friggin' post.
The time is now when I'm coming clean.
I like my boobies with cherishing cream.
The boys on the field say they may in peace.
Or if I'm getting sucked by that two-time elite.
Trying to hire a crack pretty could these live just?
If she didn't spit, they must have quit.
When my crumets over in the tag to blow.
I'm jumping Hillary's like a half a take-dove.
Never stop the Hillary that's all I know.
She's all get busy with January.
No.
She can tell if it's a once-hose or a bump.
I might have got sluts but I should not come.
Scared to death, Monica.
Look at this stance.
Excuse me, General Bum.
I'm getting a stand.
I'm getting a stand.
I'm getting a stand.
I'm getting a stand.
I'm getting a stand.
I'm getting a stand.
I'm getting a stand.
I'm getting a stand.
I'm getting a stand.
I'm getting a stand.
I'm getting a stand.
I'm getting a stand.
I'm getting a stand.
I'm getting a stand.
I'm getting a stand.
I'm getting a stand.
I'm getting a stand.
I got a little sticker that I'm ready to end this.
I saw a kid at Star doing linda trip.
Checking out the goodies I'm ready to pop.
Or everybody has let in my pants.
Eee, trot.
1046 is 560 WQM.
So General Manager Greg Reed was just down here moments ago.
Stuck his head in the door and said two very profound things.
Number one, I hear my haircuts sucks.
And I said yes, it sucks.
And number two, this is incredible.
All in three things.
Number two thing was the reason that the satellite dish upstairs
for the guys up on the third floor is on the floor.
It's the engineer's fault, which we've been hearing that right along.
It's the engineer's fault.
The dog done it.
And number three,
Sunday's his birthday.
Seriously, no.
I just want you to stop and think about this,
because I already knew that ahead of time.
And I wasn't going to re-play it.
Not that he's not an easy decent guy.
I mean, I feel sorry for him when I see him,
but he's not a bad guy.
But, uh, I mean, what kind of a person comes in and says,
Sunday's my birthday and looks at you there like with this,
like waiting like, yeah, and I said,
happy birthday, you know.
I mean, after you get to a certain point in life,
does it really make any difference that it's your birthday?
No.
Or praying that the next one takes like twice as long before it shows up.
Hey, George, I've ever fifthed my birthday.
I did that.
Oh.
I just, just in case you forgot.
Strange.
He seems a little bit the bizarre.
But nevertheless, we're kicking ass.
We're making money.
Hand over fist tears.
What he told me we had a gigantic January.
And I said, well, that's the case.
I'll come that this is sitting on the floor upstairs.
And they don't have like a real TV to watch it on.
And he ran out of here.
Here's a mobile and sunrise.
Hello.
Hey, Mia, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
I'm going to miss the passing of this whole impeachment thing.
Yeah, it's kind of like a hobby now.
It's like, oh, Jay.
It's a good reason to change the channel.
Uh-huh.
You know, there's not going to be any nudity.
So you can just continue to scroll through.
But on the other hand, I got to say that I'm a phone running phone.
I've helped you can take it for like four years.
Yeah.
I want you to have missed it.
Just imagine if you would spend all that money on tickets.
You could probably get a real phone.
But anyway, I'll call the phone.
So I can fix something up.
Oh, that's brutal.
That's a little like, huh?
How's that?
Is that better?
There you go.
A little bit better.
You like it when I take it up.
Um, but I, I saw that police game.
I'm sure you were there for the Surrendle Neverland.
You saw what game?
Toronto.
Oh, this is, uh, this is the guy with a fanny pack.
That's why he was doing a trying to disguise his voice.
Get out of here.
You're a pest.
You're a pan.
Oh my god.
It's the chronic starting again.
Can you, can you believe that?
That's the guy with a goddamn fanny pack.
They so called security guard over there in the Macarena who came and crouched down and, uh,
by maybe between periods and read bad breath in my face for like 10 minutes and couldn't get rid of him.
Jesus.
Two open lines in day five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on a mobile one line.
Man, oh man.
Some days I come in here.
I just feel like I'm covered with maggots, you know?
It's a very, uh, oh.
Horrible thing like waking up in the middle of the night and just discovering maggots crawling all over your body.
That's where sometimes feel what he's called.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neil, good morning.
Yes, sir.
How are you today?
Okay.
I just wanted to give you a little fire.
I'm a work to a lot of phone sales and receive a lot of solicitation and I got a call yesterday from the Christian correlation.
Yes.
And they were they were looking for some handouts and I told them, no, I'm sorry.
I was on the show.
Yeah.
Exactly.
So as soon as I said your name, they were pretty much didn't have a lot to say after that.
It's probably quick real fast.
Yeah.
I'm glad you're here.
And I'm supposed to be flying out of here next week on American Airlines on Friday.
So I guess I should start the start.
Starts with any other airlines is what I would do if you really want to get where you're going.
Well, are they going to, you know, the other airlines going to honor my tickets or?
No.
Of course not.
I'm just that.
That's the well.
Yeah, but you know, now what are these of these like special fear tickets or something?
Well, no, I mean, they were they were bought in advance and I bought them.
But if you know it was unless it's some kind of a special fear, you have a year or some airlines, it's two years to use those.
So if you just cancel your reservations, you can just use the same tickets later on.
And you could just change the dates.
Right.
You just swap them in for wherever else you're going, right?
I got you.
In fact, if I were you, I would call up American immediately.
Not sooner and find out what they're what the deal is on that because it all depends on the fare that you paid.
Some are like none.
What is it?
Well, I mean, even under a fundable, you can still be on your own.
Non-transparent.
Non-transparent.
Not exchangeable or something.
Not exactly something.
So call them up and find out.
Tell them what kind of ticket you got.
And likelihood you can use them later on instead of gambling away your chances that I can solve this next week.
Because I wouldn't.
Yeah, actually my mother flew out of the part of American to New York a few days ago.
Yeah.
She got to the airport like it, you know, for in the morning.
She knew what to expect and they, I guess they threw on to a United flight up to New York.
And, you know, so it's basically, you know, you show up and hopefully.
That's the way you want to do it.
Be my guest.
I don't travel that way.
I'm not going to go there and hold my breath and hope that maybe they give me on another airline.
I'm going to make reservations on another airline and then tell them cancel tickets and I'll use them for six months from Sukers.
Yeah, I'm with you about it.
Okay, good luck, pal.
Thank you.
There you go.
Another airport bastard at American is screwing up his life.
I'm going to say it again when you've only got a few days here and a few days there and you're trying to plan your life.
I see my kid a little bit of enjoyment out of it and some goddamn airline like American doesn't care enough about their customers to do whatever it takes to get this resolve.
I would say screw him is what I would say.
I would say I don't think I'm going to be flying them anytime again soon in the near future.
In fact, you know, I'm going to do right now because I'm so pork off and it hasn't affected me or anybody I know.
Maybe I don't have that card, my pocket.
I better go to my wallet right now.
Let's see.
Do I got it?
Where the hell is it?
Oh, I got a lot of crap in this wallet.
Here it is right here.
Here's my A advantage card, my frequent flyer A advantage card on American Airlines.
Pretty chinchy card.
You know, the other all the other airlines, Delta and Air Canada, all every other airline is sending you like a real plastic card.
This is what they send you like a little piece of paper and I'm so cutting what I just sliced it up with my scissors here and I will not be using American again.
They can go to hell.
They don't go anywhere that I need to go with them.
There is anywhere that they go that there are plenty of other airlines and yes, they do have better food, but you know, some palli my own food.
Cool.
There you go.
Run in the old waste basket.
And, you know, how many miles could I have on their frequent flyer? Screw it.
They can have them with my pleasure.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I want you to be safe.
Thanks for making your call.
I got a question for you.
With all the media outrage today and the screaming and the shrying.
Pop, pop, pop, pop, yes.
Why haven't they outed Hillary Clinton yet?
Oh, General Reno is going to be doing that next week once this blows over.
Yeah, I mean, isn't it pretty obvious? Isn't that the reason why the president's going out with everything that walks?
For 14 years, they haven't had no relations, sir.
14 years, they haven't even touched it.
How do you know? That's true, isn't it?
That's what it says in the star.
And those tabloids, they know they're crap, man.
Yeah, well, maybe we can order here in Miami.
Now, if you had the ice princess that you were married to and you know, you'd have to get it somewhere, right?
I wouldn't marry that thing.
Okay, have a great day, sir.
What about Chelsea?
Yep.
Open line and poor Chelsea.
Poor Chelsea.
And those poor kids, the royal family, with their billions of dollars.
What are we going to do? They lost their mother.
This, seriously, the people in the media, the people who control the media, they are crazy.
They are certifiably need to be put away for a very, very long time.
By the way, what a great piece on CBC last night, which I'm sure nobody else in town saw.
I hate the walls of the track on the history of Maple Leaf Gardens.
God was that great.
On the big disc.
See if you got the big disc, you get to actually see stuff.
If you don't have a satellite disc, you're screwed.
10.54, I'm going to move this stuff away ahead because we're going to open up some time there in the next half hour.
We're getting really close, boys and girls.
We're getting close to the big vote.
Oh, strap yourselves in.
We'll carry it right here.
You'll be here in I and, and, and, and that stuff.
It's Friday, you bastard.
Out of the blue.
Staying dressed.
Poor sport.
And some is.
For nation.
Out of the blue.
All right, just nice for Kenny.
Star.
This is the best thing for this.
We'll be kept.
That'll be just how it's about.
Oh, it's protecting us from the legal blow job.
All right.
You'll be much, he would be proud.
On how Kenny shakes him down.
He owes a lot to Taylor Gunner Joe.
Who was the drunk and the flaming homo?
A blue.
Staying dressed.
And some is.
For nation.
Out of the blue.
Right wing.
Not the Kenny star.
Out of the blue.
Out of the blue.
It's 11 o'clock right on the nose here at 560 WQA and the Hank Goldberg show at 2.
We got Kim Bo campers 6th of end of night because the booster.
I was working his fat ass off this morning 10 o'clock tonight in Capitol, the gambling show.
Here's a facts from Bob who says Neil, I just got my brand new little dish and you are absolutely correct.
It makes cable looked like complete crap.
Haven't I been telling you that for years that you get a little dish and realize cable picture is crap.
What did that?
Bob says I don't know if this is a sign but as soon as I activated my dish, the first movie I watched on it was FATSO.
How do you like that?
The first movie that popped up on air was FATSO.
That's the honey tune.
He says it was a miracle from.
Damn good.
Okay Bob glad you're enjoying your little dish.
I don't know how much I have to I mean I have no vestidens.
I don't have stock in any company that manufactures them.
I don't have anybody that's selling them.
I mean other than our friends that apply on TV people but they sell a lot of other stuff too.
Everybody and their brother are selling them.
You've got to get yourself a little dish.
Okay.
I mean they're making their relaxing the restrictions more and more even if you live in the middle of those condo commandos.
You've got your own property and can stick it on there even inside your patio.
If you got a screened in patio you can stick it in there.
So it's just about anybody and everybody in America ought to have like a little dish and their cheap as hell.
And you get to watch all this great stuff and a beautiful real picture instead of watching the fuzzy crap from the cable company.
That one day it's not too bad.
Some days it might be pretty good and other days it looks like crap.
The DSS is hooked up.
They're running the wires now.
It'll be fine.
All right.
It'll be ready when by the time Hank comes up.
It'll be ready in the dish too.
How do you like that?
They're working on it.
Superstasy as I speak.
That was funny.
Yeah.
So there you go Fatso.
They're working on it right now.
Now if you guys upstairs will butcher up a little bit and get them to put in like a real TV instead of a little a three inch monitor.
They got then you'd have something like a real studio.
I mean he comes down here.
Tell me about I want a great January the station to hand and we're kicking ass and all the money that's coming in.
And I said to him, well how come that thing is sitting on a box on the floor there up there?
And they don't have all the stuff they need to do a show.
Oh, it's the engineers.
It's the engineer.
Yeah.
See that's the thing that really gets me.
I mean you know that those guys aren't making what you call a lot of money in this place.
They're not overpaid.
The engineers.
And they're only worked like 28 and 30 hours a day.
And no matter what goes on, no matter how much he expects them to do the impossible in a very minimal amount of time.
He's got the hopes but to go around and building blaming them.
Oh, don't blame me.
It's the engineers.
You know, I'm not cheap.
Right.
And it's Monday too, right?
Here's a mobile in four-letter deal.
Hello.
Mobile in four-letter deal.
Going once.
Going twice.
Long gone.
18 minutes they hung on for that.
What a waste of our money.
Here's a mobile in the Gables.
Hello.
Hey Neil, good morning.
Great.
You know my dish when it first came out plus installation was almost 800 now.
That's right.
It's like a tenth of that.
You know, there almost nothing.
They practically get more in now.
That's right.
They'll do installation free.
Anyone that doesn't get it.
When VCRs came out the first VCR I want $1,100.
That's right.
That's right.
Now you go out for like $99 or $150 bucks you buy pretty good VCR.
And most of the time on the most of the days the best cable picture is just average.
So it really is, you know, four months bill and it's paid for itself.
I just had a question last night.
I thought it was a good effort.
Good defensive effort.
I didn't see it.
I was at the track end.
And oh, I'm so glad you reminded me by the way.
I'm trying to watch in between races some of the hockey game.
I did see we were head three to one.
And then all of a sudden sports channel on the system up there.
A popular practice crafts out and they have the sign on there.
You know, the thing that comes on like if you want to watch this stuff call this number.
I guess there's a description ran out and then they went off to some other channel.
And then we got a little help from the post in the crossbar.
But the only count when they go in.
Did Burke play last night?
No.
McLean was in the...
McLean played and they beat Ottawa last night.
Yes.
Oh my God.
Wow.
What are you going to do?
I just had one other question.
We'll get out of here.
Art Debt won out of Buffalo.
Yes.
He did.
Oh yeah.
Well, did you see any replay of the Kings last night to regall for three minutes?
I didn't even know who won the game.
The Kings and Philly.
That was the late game.
The Kings.
They won it over time.
So Philly has lost two in a row?
That's it.
I'm proud of you.
That's the best part of the century.
Good luck in Montreal.
Thanks a lot.
Okay.
There you go.
We have an open line in date 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
So Philly, you know, sooner or later everybody gets theirs.
Flyers lose two in a row.
Two in a row.
I got to get this story in before this other stuff start.
I'll get to it a little later.
Rape ruling sparks protest in Italy.
Women legislators wore jeans to Parliament in Rome on Thursday.
And Italy's highest appeals court was accused of sexism.
After ruling it is impossible to rape a woman wearing jeans.
Oh!
That's right.
That's what they said.
The Italian Parliament says if a woman is wearing tight jeans, you can't possibly rape her.
She must be cooperating to get those pantaloni down there.
Otherwise, yeah, it so can't be raped.
What? Why, why, why are you stinging?
So you've never been to Europe.
They tend to be sexist.
They whistle at women on the streets.
They do that in Rome.
They do an Amsterdam.
They do it in most of the cities.
So they still do that pinching thing in Italy.
Yeah, they like to pinch an inch.
But that don't necessarily have anything to do with women.
We have an open line in Dave.
That's why I like to go there.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 kind of like fit right in with the surrounding.
So to speak, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
So we're watching there's Bob Franken.
Who's been on the CNN over and over and over again.
These last 13 months going, blah, blah.
Yeah, come on, Bob, he's Bob and for it.
Any minute now, they're going to be coming back from their closed door speeches.
They're going to open it up again.
And then they're going to be voting on article one, article two, and they're going to be voting.
The only question is, it's not a question of if it's a question of by how much is Bob Greenwood say?
And we'll put it right here live on a year or so in your air. Everyone. It'll kill some good time too by the way
I mean a chance to sit back here think about lunch
Here is Miami Springs hello. Hello. Niel. Yes. How you doing great?
Good, but I don't even see the game last night, but it was a really good overall effort great
Excellent. It's about time McLean actually look good next this team's got to win some games without pop off
Burry. I'll tell you that
You're not shot like 25 17 and we won three to one yeah three goals on seven shots
No Peter. Well, I got one last night. I did see that the big black guy named Peter
Unbelievable. Uh-huh. Anyway, they're gonna be making a big case for him and he's a sniper is the line
Yeah, instead of palabra we got Peter
Linda trip
Tell me she's not the nasty
Yeah, yeah, that's our full question today by the way
Is there any heterosexual guy in this audience who would touch Linda trip with the oh the thought of that is
I wouldn't touch her with your thing. I mean if you could be horny you could have been in prison for like 15 years
And you wouldn't touch her like you said with anybody else's
Also one other thing before I go yes, I just learned out a little while ago that I'm moving to Detroit. Yes
If I wanted to get a little dish
I know I'm getting one to see my cancer games. Which one's the best that gets the Florida sports channel?
Which system is the USSB?
No, no, that's not that's it's on direct TV. USSB is only movies. Okay direct TV
Gotcha, and then you just take your dishes to get your pocket and take it with you
Okay, good luck pal. Okay. There's a guy's going to Detroit. I'm so sorry. I
Mean
Hear that for his sake
We have an open line of data. I mean years ago boy that was a place man pre-1967
Then they had the riots and they burned half the city down and it's you know they greeted down Tom
Little bit they had to run us on did ever make a comeback. No, it's gotten worse and worse and worse
And you go back there and you look at the neighborhoods
It used to be where all the wealthy people used to live and now oh my god like Palmer Park and Palmer Woods
And you say this can't possibly be like this. This is a gigantic slum or a millionaires used to live
But anyway, he's going we're not
5 6 7 0 5 60
Pomp 5 60 on it and here by the way Jeff Greenfield here is a man
Perfect for CNN because they don't want to be accused of being you know like one sided
So they got a guy I know who's like their resident curmudgeon who says absolutely nothing
Words no seriously words come out of his mouth, but he says absolutely nothing. Well, maybe this and maybe that
And he's like just Casper milk toast. I mean, he just absolutely doesn't really say much of anything
Jeff Greenfield embarrassing
And there's that Frank says no who's still disgusted by the oh by the filth of this whole thing and address and oh and a seamen's thing. Yeah, yuck
Let's see where we go on here's a mobile in the bokeh. Hello
Yeah, Neil yes, sir
I'm real happy, you know that
This the Senate hearings are ending now now couldn't get back to the real business of America. Yeah, you know like
Screw it is real and they see any military
Action the piss out everybody
Expanding the welfare state, you know
Yeah, no, none of the above none of the above which is dumb, but I'm glad you got some about your system
Okay, none of the above which he's done he hasn't expanded the welfare state, but anyway
Too open line by the way as far as the Middle East is concerned how many peace how many peace trees we had like 500 since the last the
20 30 years, is it ever going to mean anything so I forget about it
5 6 705 60 and pound 5 60 on it see there's one of the 30 percent
There's one of the inmovable intractable 30 percent if Clinton knocked on his door right now
It had a million dollars and small bills and cash. He's still you know, it's a thank you. It wouldn't even say thank you
We just say he's an ass. Oh, he take it anyway
I
Mean you're in town of your opinion man, but quite frankly you're full of crap nine minutes after 11 a QA
Can he stop or don't you think you got you
No
Everybody thank you
I like Joseph the car
You know that Joe the car theme was gay
The kind of life you can't accept he never paid
He kept right home most by his side
Until he got fired with broken
What's your problem
He's
You got it we're
We want to take you
Like Joseph the car
Three three three three
Three three
I'm 15 at 5 60 WQ way we have an open line book of Brian's the best by the way
Just thought I would be good for his big fan out there open line and brown
5 6705 60 and pump 160 under 18 D. Writers line. Okay. They're at the White House Hockey
Attracting pa pa pa pa pa pa everybody is in breathless anticipation
We just had wolf wolf rig on here and I we got this sub hubwacker on again
Here's Miami. Hello
Okay, we got it. Thank you. We got it. You got it
Here's Miami. Hello
That was good was that good it was that good huh? That was great. Uh-huh. They're pots. Can you see you people?
Don't have your priorities right whatever she's got there unless it was Dick Clark and Ed McMahon or some other Dick
Knock it on the door with a 10 million dollar check
Your priorities are all screwed up sweetheart get back with it
Two open lines of date 5 6 7 0 5 60
Pomp 5 60 and you notice by the way that that bitch now you know she's listing the one I called you yesterday
And then tried to call a second time
You know damn well that she's listening she couldn't turn it off if you held a gun to her head
But she won't call back because she can't explain what she's all upset about
And I just keep wondering what is wrong with the humorless women in this town
Why are there so many pussy of tight humorless bitches in this town?
Oh, well my wife my girlfriend. She just hates you. Why?
What is it that she can't stand what can't she handle is she some kind of a simpleing tweet is that it?
So
What I said
Here's Miami hello Neil yes, sir, you know if you take Linda trip and you rearrange the words you get big fat smelly bitch
Yeah, and I want to know since you're a movie buff
Who would you cast in this movie that's gonna come out with the main characters? I can only candy Crowley would be a Linda trip
Yeah, I only got madly from the facts of life playing
Monica Lewinsky, but I just want to see your opinion on that next slide. Okay. I have a great life. Whatever you said
Yeah, candy Crowley from CNN she's big enough to be Linda
We have two open lines in date five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
Let's get the show on the road up there in DC for Christchurch. Let's get with it. These guys got planes to catch today and hopefully for them not on American
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello
Hi Neil how you doing? Okay, sir. I think after today. I it this February 12 should be named
Be a holiday Billy Billy gets off day. Yeah, so she thinks scored scored
And as far as anybody that feels sorry for that bitch Monica Lewinsky
How could anybody in their right mind say that she her life is ruined that's fucking bitch
She's made more money and since this is started and I probably will make in the next
20 years. I just can't stand that for that. Yeah
And then that's that then we got into Linda trip yet how much money that bitch is gonna make
And it's just it's a surprise. I mean the way that they're probably you notice this is this is part of the media's refusal not to let go now
Now they're gonna exploit all of the people who have been had to be silent until this thing was over with now
Lucy and Goldberg is gonna come back talk about a fat slob out of the woodwork and Linda trip is already
She's lined up a Larry King Monday. He's making around this weekend already and they're all gonna be
You know, they'll drag this on until they got every last drop of one out of it. They can oh, it's good brutal brutal and in closing now. Yes, sir
I'm gonna be the best man to Andy and Greg's wedding
Okay, all right, good time. Okay, he's gonna be the pivot man if they're wedding
We have an open line in day one and brown and five six seven oh five sixty that'll be a blessed event
We made a shitton on this show in the service, Georgia that he beaten his pants five six seven oh five sixty and Tom five sixty on the 18 T wireless line
Yeah, there's duty Woodruff and Bernie Shaw at a grim look on his face and they're all still sitting in Frank says no and Jeff Greenfield
And they're still sitting there and sitting there they probably got piles from sitting there so long and those
Those same to God damn cheers weeks and months on in I don't think they've even gone home
Get this damn thing over with let's get to vote. Let's get the
And the no over with and move on with life
Have an orgy up there
Here's a mobile invoker. Hello
God yes, sir speaking
Yes, absolutely correct
There any molar was uh commenting and using your drop last night in his commentary by the way my drop about what
Well, he would you kept saying absolutely correct sir really
Christina and Christina's busted his chops and wasting game time while the games playing
commenting on mold or eating a goddamn hot dog
I like hey, I can't stand having to listen to those guys the mold
I'm gonna go back from a moron
That's right. How about a war out getting a go last night?
I don't see it though. Yeah, that really got me sold not yeah, yeah, yeah, I saw it on the highlight
You just jumping up and down he's still can't skate and he still can't play but he's got two goals now
And these people that don't understand the game boy they're sold it they probably got their blow up dollars for this weekend now
There you go. I love that the rake ruling in Italy man. That's great. That's right
That's on real next thing you know they're gonna be blame and gun makers for gun crimes
If they're wearing a tight thing then they got to wiggle it off themselves and they want it
See
Think I'm a great thing. I'll read the urchin
If we go on like this every woman that doesn't wear a chastity belt will have the right to be raped said the Sonya Viale of parliament's equal opportunities commission
The court of Caescian
Castration ruled on Wednesday. It is impossible to take off tight pants like jeans without the cooperation of the person wearing them
And it said it is impossible if the victim is struggling
The decision overturned the 1998 conviction of a driving instructor in southern Italy car mine
Cristiano 45 for raping an 18-year-old student a lower court at sentence
Cristiano two years and eight months in prison
But the appeals court said the girl must have considered the section to advocate case back for retrial
She had tight pants pants pantalones
The court also questioned why the victim identified only as arosa why it waited several hours to tell her parents. She'd been attacked
It could be seen as a manual for aspiring rapists the Rome Daily, El Mesagato said in the front page story
Jeans and alibi for rape were to sign held up in parliament by five jeans plaid legislators
Alessandro Mussolini a deputy of the rightest national alliance who letters days protest said women are already scared of reporting rapes
This just makes it even worse
Protesting legislators called on women all over Italy to join a skirt strike and wear jeans and the anchor of a popular TV
shown on for her chic dresses done to pair of denims
We thank the court for having enriched women's war droves of the new garment to the business suit and little black dress
We can now add the anti-rape out to the comfortable and resistant pair of jeans said union official stephy honest it only
Only in Italy baby. They just tend to be a little on the sexist side over there as in school the bitch
Get her back in the kitchen and let's get some pasta out here, huh fast bitch
We have an open line in the brower to and date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
Here's a mobile in four-letter day. Hello. Yeah. Yes. How are you? Okay? I want to tell you I'm an up
I'm not enough tight woman in and I love you. Oh, you're the one, huh?
We got about 20 or 30 of my
The rest of them all hate me like toys and you keep me entertained every day
I think it's great, but they only suck because I can't get to hear you
Uh-huh
Someone called in the other day and said how they could get your
Radio station inside a building. Oh, you don't want I don't want to go to that you don't want to go through all that
But the bullcrap believe it
It's a lot of a lot of yeah. No, it's just uh, I don't want to go through the whole deal. Forget about it
Oh, that's the only thing I can't get you inside the building when I'm working. Yeah. Yeah, I've tried
And different radios well tilted on its side
In the video to okay, okay, can I call someone to do stuff? Yeah, or if you're a gourmet club fucking douche bag
Okay, yeah, yeah, oh
Open line and date one and brown and five six seven. We're watching Frank says that was there he's going
Bap-bap-bap-bap I guess we better do a break
I mean, I'm sorry that we have to do this
But you know, we got to move things along here because any minute now any so any hour any time now sometime between now and next
Sookas they might actually go back there and vote on this goddamn thing get it over with it just can't the you know
They just can't seem to get it together
You know
There once was a man named Bill who lived on Capitol Hill
He gave me a dress
Then made it a mess and I kept it under my bed in my house
Nah
That's not good
Okay, let's say all right
No, this is not bad the white house is white
I signed in the lab book one night
No
Hickory dickory doc the president showed me his
No
Not good
Okay
Trust the night before Christmas and all through the house
Bill got naked except in my house
My parents were now so all snug in their bed
While I was giving the president
No
No, that's no good either
1128 at 560 wqm were getting real close
I
Any moment now any second you're gonna hear that sound
Which means that they just came back into the chamber they said they actually said on CNN that they would open the doors for while
To let a kind of air out
Because Ted Kennedy had a real back to something last night some bad grits
Which gave him the
Something to rhymes with grits or maybe that was a strong thermon and anyway, there's big fat candy crawly
It's gonna be playing Linda trip in the movie
You know, I would say to George. I was saying this jokingly of course because I know where our priorities are in this radio station
With this boat coming up imminently any minute now. I was saying well, maybe we'll have to knock out a commercial break here
So we can carry it like uninterrupted
Now it's interesting if it were the Jimmy Johnson press conference
Which will recall that faker that phony who showed the pamphlets what a power play is really all about if we were him
With his frosted silver here then of course here on the sports station
We would knock out as many breaks as many spots we'd put them on you know 10 weeks from poor them some other time
Because we don't want to interrupt something important like some sports press conference
But this is only you know, we'll vote on the impeachment the removal of the president of the United States
Do we care about that here on your sports on your juxtap station?
No enough to like eliminate spot. No, damn straight. We know. Oh, by the way, since the pompano spots coming up in a couple of minutes
And I don't want to like do it right on the heels of that the very close
If my close friend Ted snowsless enough there at pompano, which I notice you're conspicuous by your absence lately
Wouldn't it be nice for those of us on the sick floor in the dining room
Especially those groups are very elderly people like you had their last night if we have a bedding window open like even just one during the week like last night
You talk about shooting yourselves in the foot
So we've got all the windows on the one side where most of us sit
Closed and if you want to make a bet you got to schlep all the way down to the other end and most of those people are lucky if they can get up out of their seat
So it's like holding up a big sign saying I you don't really want to make a bet do you yeah?
You just want to eat a meal and the get out of here right
But they do have those uh those do-op singers again
Oh my god think how they didn't come by my table. I just looked the other way and I kept saying keep walking key the do-op singers
That's gonna really bring people out to the track, isn't it? Oh, man. What is with these people? What is with this town
this thinking
Just one window that would be nice for all of those of us who sit down at that end of the club out in the dining room and lend our tangible support by plunging
Our brains out. How about that sound Ted? How about it come on
Okay, send his votes on articles of impeachment are expected shortly. So as suck us for Christ sakes
Who now is this bitch? Oh Pat Harrison the the Republican National Committee coach here. I can't even begin to imagine what she's gonna say
Here's a mobile and Davie. Hello. Thank you. Yes, sir
I got a son's been picking me off and I want to get your opinion on it. Why is it that
The broadcasting stations feel that they have to get these ex-assles these illiterate buffoons the broadcast games and do analysis
I mean it's ridiculous. There's so many now bread lunch burger and bob cost these guys obviously went to school the professionals
They're good to listen to sure they never played the game, but I can't understand it. Yeah
Um Jack that's where it's at man. It's a jackocracy
It's they they just add to the mystique that these guys are stupid as they go
I mean all of them got these education. No, it's not a mystique. It's a fact. It's not there's nothing mysterious about it
That's a fact most of them are illiterate and uneducated and they had nothing they can't like Denise
Potman there's a classic example as nothing to anybody's understanding of the game no insight no nothing
Hey Neil. Yes, sir. So I'll 12 inch monster at the beach yesterday
Never could never believe it a whole beach was talking about this guy. I mean from from two or three two or three blocks around
Talking about look like he's stuck to snake in a case
Okay, we'll say how to defo for us any of you is hanging around somewhere
If it open line in a brown to and date five six seven oh five sixty pound five great excellent good call
Two open lines that's about to get on the air two open lines and date to a brown or two five
I see an audience again another asshole who thinks that if he says it's fast enough
Pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa like that
That gets on the air does that help? No saying a real real fast like that. No, it doesn't work
Sorry, pal. I have to come up with some better idea. Okay something to enrich your pathetic little life
27 till noon. We're still waiting on it. We're still waiting. We're holding our collective breaths
I can see there's tremendous examine in his audience about this right no none
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line Hank Goldberg with satellite dish between two and six this afternoon
Kim Bocapper six to ten and Kaplan Eddie Kay is gonna be excited about it because he'll be able to watch well
That all depends on what they get on the I should take that back
I mean, it's one thing that they're putting the addition it's the another thing depending on what packages they subscribe to like maybe the sports packages
Let's not get carried away, okay? I mean, we're almost in building a day
See when Greg read comes down here and starts that crap, but well see engineers
See, I hate to break the news to you, but like in a real radio station what they do like when taxing and the I mean calling them real
That tells you a lot about this place when we were making the move from the old IOD into the other building up there on Sheridan street
What did they do they went out and they hired contract engineers who weren't really full-time on staff
But guys who are very very capable who came in and were paid by the hour to do an emergency job and worked there
24 hours a day around the clock and got everything ready so that we were on air and there was all in there
They had like seven of them right what I what a concept and they wouldn't have needed seven they would need just one or two here
To be you know working around the clock fever slew to get that thing done right upstairs and get the TV in and get the vision
And like have it all ready to rock and roll for people to go on to your new radio show what a concept
I mean, you know to the beyond a one-hand talking about how we're kicking ass and all this money is flowing through this place
And then on the other hand continuing to try to defend the cheapness of the mentality up there
Which he can't even afford like a real haircut
You know that he had no seriously. You wonder why his hair looks so bad. He has same with like a little scissors
In fact, it's just like these
Sam douchebag the in the fact that's probably Sam's main job here
Once a month Sam goes up with like a little pair of scissors with a blue handle like these and trims uh, Greg's hair
his little trim
Going on as we speak
In that orifice
That's why he looks so bad
It's 1135 at 560 wqn. There's Elizabeth Holtman
Democrat good lady there. Go she's a real good liberal from New York
There you go Jewish liberal. This will go away. We like him on this show on your right next shot there
Can't handle it. Can you're too bad?
Hey, child, kids getting bigger
You're a political horn
You're a political horn
Let's people ask me who
I would like to throw
Now that I'm a co-with her cohort
I tell them right away
I'd like a one night stay
Up in the white house behind closed doors
I want to be
Billy
I want to be
Billy
There's a girl with my life
The way she begins the ring
Touch it by words
Billy
There's a girl
If I was
Billy
There's a girl
I could be a piece of history
I'll call his hotline phone
Tell him I'm all alone
And I'm certain by his cellulite
You're a political horn
And his fee won't have fee
Then I'll ask Hillary
But I would rather make it all three
I want to be a political horn
I want to be
Billy
There's a girl
I want to be
Billy
There's a girl
With my life
The way she begins the ring
Touch it by words
Billy
There's a girl
If I was
Billy
There's a girl
I could be a piece of history
I want to be
Billy
There's a girl
It's a golden 41-5
You see, yes, walk by the way
Set in post on articles
And impeachment are expected shortly
You believe it?
No
Well, we're waiting
There's still going
Bapapapa
In fact, Frank says they're just
In Jesus Christ as they
This over with yet
I mean, how much are these guys
Supposed to say we've already heard
This 45,272 million times
Couple of great faxes
By the way, one from Jim and Sunrise
Who says
Miami, he coats Pat Riley
Today treated Stargard Kim
Hardaway for Monica Lewinsky
Now the whole team sucks
Oh
Not bad
George don't understand that
He don't know Timmy Hardaway
From Penny Hardaway
From Penny Sir Mevon
But anyway
Here's the best facts of the year so far
The fat facts
It says
The Jeff High problem
Attention, Neil Rogers, dear Neil
I've been an avid listener
Slash fan of yours since I was in high school
Going on 15 years now
Never if I once questioned your superior
Intellect and decision making during that time
However, for the first time this has come into question
I've been a neighbor of Jeff and Judy High
For almost four years now
I live right next door
Since Mr. High has moved in
The neighborhood has turned from a quiet peaceful area
Into a loud obnoxious fat-best of beer
Excessive eating and loud screeching yells around the block
During his tenure in our Pemberclimes
They've heard I've become a friend of their family
It really wasn't by choice
Fatso kept coming over to my house
I'm invited over to his house for all occasions
Christmas New Year's birthdays
And at these occasions I've witnessed some of the most disgusting displays
Of poor eating habits and bad hygiene
As Jeffy boy to take his two front teeth out for you
Were you aware of that that he has uh
I didn't know they were uh removable
Oh my remember what they used to look like
Yes
Mr. High almost killed my two-year-old son by accidently
Sitting his fat tubba-lard body on top of him one evening
He squeezed the life out of my boy
It was like watching a mac truck
Right over a frog at all the guts spilling out
Mr. High is constantly borrowing stuff from my house
The son of a bitch freeloader borrowed my ladder
And when it came back almost every wrong on the ladder
Who was bent inward
You know what it's like for a Jewish family
To sit at a Christmas dinner while Jeffy and the family say their prayers
That fat hypocrite is probably thinking about the porn on his computer
As far as his eating habits go
I've seen him put salad dressing on pizza by the gallons
Each our deans in one hand with chocolate cake in the other
Worse yet he will pull his shorts down while I was outside exposing the
Fattest ass that I've ever seen
He walks with a different lip every week so I have to help bring him groceries in the house
Please fire Jeff Hyatt says maybe if he loses a job it has to eat a
Camilla's house for food can lose some of that blubber
Sign David
Wonderful facts David thanks for making our life for a while
Pally
We have an open line at Broward to and Dave five six seven oh five sixty now
She pull out with everybody or sex is that a special thing that I get that pally I don't pally everybody everybody
Now I feel not so special five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the AT&T line
We're vamp in here man. We're just killing some time waiting for these goddamn hundred goofballs up there to get with the program
This is supposed to be big heavy duty stuff today
Here's my me Beach hello
Hello, yes, sir. How you doing there? Okay. I have something about some the dish bag
Well, some is would be a promoter for 50064 and he's the whole to show over without beach
Yeah, what is it called the hot body contest?
For okay, I'm sure did not include his yes
Well, he used to make the little girls take the clothes off for either a prize of $150
And they were when they refused he is to encourage them
He's literally take the clothes off for them
And I just thought that was a discussing thing for a girl man like family don't that same
Now you got now you catch it on okay, sir. Thanks for the good news there
Go stand the channel right at this moment is given our general manager a little trim
Got that scissors going upstairs
Well, that's baggy Roman haircut that he walks around with and everybody's laughing at
Open line and Broward all three in date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
Poor candy crowley man. We're in worried like in tweeting on our eating time
Even cheese better go. Bap Bap Bap Bap Bap Bap Bap I mean they're just desperate like when are they gonna get this thing going already
Which of course frankly I feel exactly the same way
You know the big build up and like okay already okay. Let's go. Let's get out with it
And then they're saying like about an hour after they finish with the votes on the two articles bubble is gonna be speaking
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Hello. Yes, sir. Neil God. Yes
You are the voice of reason in South Florida
Quick
Couple of quick comments on some subjects. I love your comments on the useless NDA
love your comments on
The proceedings that are going on that the president Clinton
I enjoyed your comment earlier with your caller when you were cutting up your American airline
Yeah, yeah
There are some other pushies out there aren't calling in about American Airlines and
I'm pledging not to fly them again and be put in this position and have their whole lives this ruptive
This is a bunch of crap. Someone else made a reservation for me
I'm flying home to Canada to see my mother and grandmother on Wednesday night on American Airlines
I haven't flown them in a long time. Oh my god. My mother had made taken care of making the reservations
I called her up last night or two nights ago. She's flying air Canada from California, but she's got me on American
Well, what does that tell you? I don't think so do you yeah? I said I'll tell you you know
I hope I see you and if I don't see you you know
Bring me back some magals or whatever I would demand a quick look at that wheel real soon if I were you because I guarantee your name in it
No, I made it. There's no problem there. I drew that one up
But anyway, uh, she you know, I call the American Airlines of course, you know
The girl on the phone guarantees me that this will not continue past the weekend our CEOs won't let go
How can she guarantee that how does she know that is she is telling me it's a spherical our CEOs will never let this go beyond the weekend
Right
She told me I was I said I'll just the American Airlines psychic reservation desk
I figured you'd like to hear that comment by them anyway
I would switch over to air Canada immediately if not sooner
Well, and of course American won't let you do that until 24 hours before that's when then when I call and check in again on the international flight
Then they'll let me know if it's canceled, but your course is also wrong. You know, I'm gonna go to the ticket counter
What do you mean what do you mean they won't let you do that? I don't understand cancel
You can't cancel the ticket anytime you want it like you use the tickets later on
No, make hey
You're gonna lose whatever, you know, it's only me. I don't know. It's probably 50 bucks that even look into that part of a year
But I figured I'll be on 11 o'clock news killing the supervisor from American Airlines Wednesday night and not that of being a Montreal, but you know
Okay, good luck pal. Thank you. Sounds like you'll need it. There you go another endorsement from American Airlines
Open line and Broward all three in date county five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
We're still waiting believe me. We're not holding anything back here. Okay, we're still waiting
Your toenail okay
As they just keep driving see I don't understand this because there was three there were three senators yet to speak 50 minutes time
Three is 45 minutes with maybe a couple of seconds for you know clearing the airtime or whatever they were doing
So that might have been an hour they convene the goddamn ticket
950 when they thought when the preacher there finally finished with is in vocation whatever the hell they do
Totally inappropriate comments by the way, so that was 10 before 10
What what now are they doing in there they must be having an origin in there. I would imagine
Maybe they got Monica back in the rig and here's Carl spring. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir
You know he's from Utah or in snatch. Yes
He is one of the people that's gonna take a big hit when they start investigating this whole other big thing
Because he was one of the big pushes one of the big backers out there and now they're gonna have all kinds of problems coming before that
I think him up and it's interesting because he seems to be the biggest
Tenshure out there know he's not his orange snatch
I don't agree at all. No you think it's a defending one. No, I think he's like more in the middle
He's I mean compared to some of the fanatics like Jesse Helmson's drama thermon. He's for he's almost like liberal
Oh, I'm a statement. Okay, I have a great day. Now we're in snatch quite frankly. I could almost live with him if he weren't from Utah
That's where his problem is he's from Utah the other than that. He's been out all that bad
Even Ted Kennedy goes to lunch and they get drunk together
Let's see article now they're showing the article of impeachment. We already know what they say. Okay. Here's article one
There's article two. Let's stop stalling for time there. I'm CNN. Okay
Let's get the cameras back in the room force you way in there
Just knock that goddamn rink waist ass hole over on the side of what is a flowing robe and his gold bands and hold you
Just knock him all aside and get this thing going already
Man, oh man. We got important stuff going on here like you know draft picks to talk about
Here's a mobile and sunrise. Hello
Yes
Okay, or you're new great. I've been listening to the show for about four years, but listening to me
Yeah, you have to hear what happened to me yesterday. I'm traveling south
just as
Sunrise going on my way to Broward on fine island
Why do you say suddenly I see like five cops in front of me playing with the guns you know
I still marry Conn is they don't know anything better to do they just plays with the Raiders, you know
Anyways, as soon as that happened in I go down I never run around there, you know
I just have school around there, but in any case I start flashing my lights to let everybody know
That I'm doing this because there's a couple of guys back there with the radar detector
Because you were flashing your lights is that what you're gonna tell me to me they pull me over
I see a guy walking in the middle of the road because at this point I'm going like 25 miles an hour. Yeah, flashing my lights
And then what you see is guy walking in the middle of writing for in front of the first union bank
Yeah, fine island. Yeah, you're stuck me in the middle of the road
He doesn't even let me pull over to the side in the middle of the road for flashing your lights, right?
All right, I'll call us when you get out
We have an open line in Broward 5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line better do this break
There's Charles beerbauer
Beard and all CNN senior Washington correspondent and he's going blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
That's it
Two hours now they've had of nonstop
Because they just can't get their ass together up there in the center come on America sitting back and waiting
Okay, you can only milk so much out of this sweethearts. Let's get going. Let's get the show on the road
Let's get the yeas and no, stop going here
So Neil Roger show on 5 60 w q a m my amy fort waterdale
Neil
Bill's the cause in Monica the China
She lets out a giggle
When he makes it we go
Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind
But a cigar and her vagina she's all mine
Damn it
Well, you don't know where a stove he goes. I can see how there was some confusion
Between humor door and humid horse
And then I can saw the turn cedar box mean saw her naked
Stars reportedly to go in line
Now listen he was working hard late nights in the overreoffent
Working on a practical joke
You
You took a massive noodle for an exploding
Loading for Monica was flowing rings us
Bill's the cause in Monica the China
She lets out a giggle
Every time he makes it we go
Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind
But a cigar and her vagina she's all mine
You go to hell you dad
All people feel that Hillary's been made a fool of by her husband
Feel that Hillary was wrong
I
In the linking bedroom she was
Morning morning
Our door was to in her with bills old
Bill's the cause in Monica's vagina
Okay
She let's
Every friggin time he makes it we go
Monica is not
You've been doings all behind but a cigar and her vagina she's all mine
So much more candy
Yes
Oh yeah
What you gotta do is take a sip of real love
If we're in a friend oh yeah
Probably one at five sixty w. You can be by the way staggering turn of events
They've decided not to even vote on impeaching Bill Clinton instead. They're gonna
We'll impeach Ken Jenny
Oh
And convict him like in about two and a half seconds. We're all gonna vote
On all articles
Ken Jenny and the pleasure police striking tear into pleasure seekers all over
Broward County from pillar to post from the a date Broward line from Miramar from Helen Dale Beach Boulevard and Miramar Parkway all the way up to
What
Your field what's what's the northern most part of Broward County is a dear field beach? I think so yes
Okay, and everywhere in between okay all the way up to the Everglades all the way out there to the goddamn
Sawgrass and then a little bit all the way over to the goddamn ocean and everything in between
Ken Jenny and the pleasure police and Broward just devastating
Sticking they know as in everybody's back to another private parts
Here's a mobile in for Lauderdale. Hello
Mobile in for Lauderdale. Hello Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, listen. I gotta say I work for CMBC as an anchor and I come down here a lot
You are about as much a part of Florida for me is a brickle Boulevard or this game bay
I go back with you to Zeta for and then I OD and in fact
I still run around with that girl from Ipanema bit on a little cassette the Brian Cox and the rest of them are singing that out of that
So, right. Yeah, well, I have you in I mean I'm indoctrinating the people in our newsroom with you now because I can get you on the web
So I just want you to know I it would not be a normal Florida vacation if I couldn't find you somewhere on the dial
Let me ask you something since you work for CMBC. Yeah, and even though I'm sure you work in the news part not in the stock market deal
No, I am I'm a business anchor. Oh, you are. Yeah, really? Well, let me answer this because I thought that on today of all days
Unless they're waiting for a gigantic turnaround
I would have thought that today would be a day the market would go zooming up
But then as they're taking a big dump at sound 55 and a half and the dial is down about 30 summer
I would have thought that maybe maybe they're waiting until after the
Votes you know on the stock market first of all what you're talking about is what we call a relief rally where
Whenever it is that was supposed to be horrible doesn't happen and everybody buys
Unfortunately, you got several other factors at work here number one at the five eight people like the square positions ahead of the weekend number two
You got some problems with some of the high text talks. You have a lot of profit taking after an incredible run up yesterday
The nannet deck was up almost a hundred points right record
So you got people taking money off the table and also there's a motto on our business called by the rumors sell the news and
So you know, in fact what's happening is happening to sell on the news. There's always there's always some reason
There's always some sugar in the wood pile. It's just just I think everything is going to rate like yesterday
I see the markets have 180 points on the dial
I'm watching the ticker with the at 405 and here comes my caterpillar my depressed caterpillar stock down a quarter of a point
On a day when the market goes up 200 points and my caterpillar goes down a quarter of a point
Well, you know the bottom line here is you know the excuse mavens as I like to call the people we get on the air who tell us why the market is doing what it's doing
They've all got their own acts and they've got their own reasons for why they say what they say but the bottom line is the market
We'll do with the market. We'll do and you know, it's pretty pricey the valuations are high and a lot of folks are nervous
You guys do a great job by the way. I have no idea what do they like bringing the lunch from outside
These guys I've mentioned this on here many times the CNBC people are the longest hours of anybody in the media in the history of
Television radio you name it Joe Kernins on air from like seven o'clock in the morning those six or seven o'clock at night
I don't think he sleeps. No, he does he gets a working lunch break
But he Joe works hard and now you probably know my name is Ted David and I'm on him
See all of them well and I do market rap with rebuyderomo from five to six absolutely and then when Griffith's not out
I do put one to nine in I do power lunch and then I do street times
He they work as hard, but it's it's a nice place and it's a lot of fun. You're doing a great job
Well, thanks me on again. It's really I'm not joking. I'm not being patronizing
It is always good to know when I'm talking my fat behind in the beach wherever it may be
I got a walkman on and I know I can find you some place. Thanks a lot Ted good talking. Thank you
Ted David from CNBC
Jewish boy always trust the guy with two first names. That's what I say especially if one of them is Jewish like David
Okay, we have to they're we're still waiting here's this you have green fell guy and there's Bernie Shaw with an
credulous look on his push
I've always told you many times about what a real hard bit in son of a bitch Bernie Shaw is that's why we like him right
Yeah, he got to lighten up a little bit too open lines in date five six seven oh five fifty by the way
Here's a facts speaking over the business
Here's another
And I always love it all way to my it's a clear channel fact I'll save it for later here we go there coming back to the senate
The senate almost exclusively as a court of impeachment since January 7 1999
To consider the articles of impeachment against the president of the United States
The senate needs today to conclude this trial. Thank god by voting on the articles of impeachment
thereby fulfilling its obligation under the Constitution
I believe we're ready to proceed to the vote on the articles and I yield the floor
The chair would inform those in attendance
Under rule nine
Well standing rules of the senate
Down in
The duty of the chair and that forced order on his own initiative
The clerk will now read the first article of impeachment here we go boys and draws the boy you can feel it the thunder down under
Wow
Man article one in his conduct while president of the United States
William Jefferson Clinton
In violation of his constitutional oath faithfully to execute the office of president of the United States and
To the best of his ability preserve protect and defend the Constitution of the United States
And in violation of his constitutional duty to take care that the laws be faithfully executed
Has willfully corrupted and manipulated the judicial process of the United States for his personal gain and exoneration
Impeding the administration of justice in that
On august 17 1998 yeah, William Jefferson Clinton swore to tell the truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth
Before a federal grand jury of the United States
contrary to that oath
William Jefferson Clinton willfully provide a luxurious false and misleading testimony to the grand jury concerning one or more of the following
son of a bitch one
The nature and details of his relationship with a subordinate government employee scored scored two
prior
Progerious false and misleading testimony he gave and a federal civil rights action brought against him scored
three
prior false and misleading statements he allowed
Is attorney to make to a federal judge in that civil rights action and four
His corrupt efforts to influence the testimony of witnesses and to impede the discovery of evidence in that civil rights action
Outrages in doing this
William Jefferson Clinton has undermined the integrity of his office
Has brought this repute on the presidency has betrayed his trust as president
And has acted in a manner subversive the rule of law and justice
For the manifest injury
Wherefore
William Jefferson
by such conduct warrants impeachment and trial and removal from office and disqualification to hold and enjoy any office
We can work
Her name is called
Yes, sir
I'm not hurting your place and just required
Reimed it rules on impeachment okay, no the chair also refers to article one
Regarding the vote required for conviction on impeachment
Quote no person shall be convicted without the concurrence of two-thirds of the man members present
The question is on the first article of impeachment. Yeah, we know senators. How say you
Is the responded William Jefferson Clinton guilty or not guilty? There's a roll call vote is required
The clerk will call the roll. Well here we go now. This is I'm this is uh
Mr Abraham mr. Abraham
Mr. Akaka
Uh
Mr. Akaka not guilty no
Mr. Allard
Mr. Allard yes, yeah guilty. Yeah, how did I know mr. Ascroft? Oh, yeah, definitely yes
Mr. Ashcroft guilty
Mr. Boccus definitely no Mr. Boccus not no
Mr. Bye Mr. Bye. No
No
Mr. Bye Mr. Bye. No, Mr. Bye. I but he said no Mr. Bennett
Mr. Bennett is interesting guilty. Oh yes, Mr. Biden
No, no, Mr. Biden not guilty. Fort or four by the way for keeping score Mr. Binghamon
No, no, Mr. Binghamon not guilty
Mr. Bond
Mr. Bond guilty. Yes, Mrs. Boxer
No, Mrs. Boxer not guilty
Mr. Bro
No, no, Mr. Bro not guilty
Mr. Brownback
Mr. Brownback guilty. Yes
Seven six on the shieldies Mr. Brian not guilty
Mr. Bunny. Oh, yeah good old uh, Mr. Bunny always says yes. Yes, yeah
Mr. Burns
Why can't we get the bird?
Mr. Burns
guilty
Mr. Bird uh-oh
Mr. Bird not guilty. Wow
Mr. Campbell
Mr. Campbell guilty. Yes, Mr. Chafee
Mr. Chafee not guilty. No, it's Republican by the way. Mr. Cleveland
Mr. Cleveland not guilty. No, 11 and 9 on the not guilty shieldies. They're desperate to get to 50 uh 50
Mr. Cochrane guilty. Yes, Ms. Collins. Oh, she's been a vote no
Ms. Collins not guilty. No, oh yeah, not a Republican. Mr. Conrad
Mr. Conrad not guilty. No, Mr. Coverdale
guilty. Mr. Coverdale guilty. Yes, how do we know? Mr. Craig
Mr. Craig guilty. Yes, Mr. Crepo
Mr. Crepo guilty. Yes, 13th or 13th you call even. Mr. Campbell, no, no, no
Mr. DeWine. Oh guilty. Mr. DeWine. Perk guilty. Yes, we know that. Mr. Dodd
No, Mr. Dodd not guilty. Mr. Domini Chi
Mr. Dodd
Mr. Dormini Chi guilty. Mr. Dorgan
No, Mr. Dorgan not guilty. 15 guilty, 16 not guilty. Mr. Durbin hanging on his ear seat. No, Mr. Durbin
No, not guilty. Mr. Edwards. No
Mr. Edwards. No, guilty. Yeah, Mr. Enzy
guilty. Yes, Mr. Enzy guilty. Mr. Finegold. No, Mr. Finegold not guilty.
Mrs. Finegold not guilty. Mr. Fitts Gerald. Yes, Mr. Fitts Gerald guilty. Mr. Frist.
Yes, Mr. Frist guilty. Mr. Gorton. Mr. Gorton not guilty. That's three Republicans not guilty, by the way, so far. Mr. Graham
and Mrs. Graham of Florida. Mr. Graham of Florida not guilty. Mr. Graham of Texas. Mr. Graham of Texas
guilty. Yes, Mr. Graham of Minnesota. Mr. Graham of Minnesota guilty. Mr. Grassley. Mr. Grassley guilty.
Mr. Greg. Mr. Greg guilty. Mr. Hagel going to the top of the fifth inning. Mr. Hagel guilty.
Yes, Mr. Harkin. No, Mr. Harkin. No, not guilty. No, Mr. Hatch. Mr. Hatch guilty. Yes, I think I said Mr. Helms. Oh, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
Mr. Hollings. No, Mr. Halling. No, Mr. Halling. No, Mr. Halling. Mr. Halling. Mr. Hatchinson of Arkansas.
Yes, Mr. Hatchinson of Arkansas guilty. Mrs. Hutchison of Texas. Mrs. Hutchison of Texas guilty. Yes, Mr. Inhoff. Mr. Inhoff guilty.
Yes, 2024 guilty. No, Mr. Inhoff guilty. Mr. Jeffers. Mr. Jeffers. No, Mr. Jeffers. No, Mr. Johnson. No, Mr. Johnson. Not guilty.
202827. Mr. Guilty. No, no, no, Mr. Kennedy. Not guilty. Mr. Kerry of Nebraska. No, Mr. Kerry of Nebraska. Not guilty. 2928. Mr. Gary of Massachusetts. No, Mr. Kerry of Massachusetts. Not guilty. Mr. Cole. No, Mr. Cole. Not guilty.
Mr. Kyle. Mr. Kyle. Guilty. Yes. Mrs. Land. 3129. Not guilty. They didn't know. Has.
Is Landry. No, not guilty. 3229. Mr. Loutenberg. No, Mr. Loutenberg. Not guilty. Mr. Leahy. No, Mr. Loutenberg. Not guilty. Mr. Levin. No, Mr. Levin. Not.
Mr. Levin. No, Mr. Loutenberg. Mr. Loutenberg. Mr. Loutenberg. Mr. Loutenberg. Mr. Loutenberg. Mr. Loutenberg. Mr. Loutenberg. Mr. Loutenberg. Mr. Loutenberg. Mr. Loutenberg. Mr. Loutenberg. Mr. Loutenberg. Mr. Loutenberg. Mr. Loutenberg. Mr. Loutenberg. Mr. Loutenberg. Mr. Loutenberg. Mr. Loutenberg. Mr. Loutenberg. Mr. Loutenberg. Mr. Loutenberg. Mr. Loutenberg. Mr. Loutenberg. Mr. Loutenberg. Mr. Loutenberg. Mr. Loutenberg. Mr. Loutenberg. Mr. Loutenberg. Mr. Loutenberg. Mr. Loutenberg. Mr. Lout
Mr. Might. Mr. Guilty... Sorry, I slipped on it. Mr. McCain. Mr. McCain. Guilty. Mr. McConnell. Mr. McConnell. Guilty. Mr. McMikulski. No. Miss McCullochsi. No. Mr. McL 1500E.
Mr. Murkowski, guilty.
Mrs. Murray.
No.
4035, you always have it.
25 to go, baby.
Mr. Nichols.
Mr. Nichols, guilty.
Mr. Nichols, guilty.
Mr. Reed of Rhode Island.
No.
Mr. Reed of Rhode Island, not guilty.
Mr. Reed of Nevada.
No.
Mr. Reed of Nevada, not guilty.
Mr. Rob.
No.
Mr. Rob, not guilty.
4330, Mr. Roberts.
Mr. Roberts, guilty.
Yes.
Mr. Rockefeller.
No.
Mr. Rockefeller, not guilty.
4437.
Mr. Roth.
No.
Mr. Roth.
Yes.
Mr. Guilty.
Okay, I said sorry about that.
Mr. Santorum.
Yes.
Mr. Santorum.
Guilty.
Mr. Sarvains.
No.
Mr. Sarvains, not guilty.
Mr. Schumer of five.
Mr. Schumer, not guilty.
Yes.
Mr. Sessions.
Yes.
Mr. Sessions, guilty.
They need one more Republican to the community.
Mr. Schumer, not guilty.
Mr. Shelby, not guilty.
No.
There you go.
Mr. Smith of New Hampshire.
4740.
Mr. Smith of New Hampshire.
Guilty.
Yes.
Mr. Smith of Oregon.
Yes.
Mr. Smith of Oregon.
Guilty.
Miss Snow.
No.
No.
No.
No.
Mr. Spector.
What is it?
He's still looking for the Magic Bullets.
Mr. Stevens.
Mr. Stevens, not guilty.
No.
Mr. Thomas.
Mr. Thomas Guilty.
Yes.
Mr. Thompson.
Yes.
Mr. Thompson.
Yes.
Yes.
Wow!
No.
That's a shock.
Mr. Cannon, not evacuated.
That's shocking.
I'm ready to fall off my screen.
Mr. Thurmond, here's guilty.
Mr. Torres-Seller.
Welcome in the rooms.
Mr. Torres-Seller.
Not guilty.
There you go.
51 to 54.
Mr. Varna-Vitz.
Mr. Varna-Vitz.
Guilty.
Mr. Warner.
Mr. Warner.
Not guilty.
No.
Mr. Wells, no.
Moza, did you hear that?
Mr. Wells, no.
Not guilty.
Mr. White.
No.
Mr. Wyden.
5445, not even close on this one.
Well, I thought this one was not going to be close.
The other one's going to be nip and tuck baby right down the wire.
Yeah.
And there's one to go.
That looks like 99 to me.
Looks like 99 to me, Mr. Clark.
Yeah.
I think it's Arlen Bush in Spectra,
but if this balloon have a, he's thinking about it.
He's looking to see if he can find a man to pull it.
Inspector, the Pennsylvania Republican,
if we heard him correctly, said not proven he had indicated he would do that.
And apparently, the Chief Justice is going to allow that to stand.
Although he said earlier before the vote that the statement from each senator
would be guilty or not guilty, Jeff, you're shaking your hand.
What about you?
You will be recorded as present, because there is no way for it to work.
OK, that's it.
OK, send other words to you.
It went out.
You wanted to say not guilty.
You didn't have the balls to do it.
OK, 24 after I knew that 560.
So the counted Arlen's Spectra is no.
OK, so it was 54.
Oh, yes, and 46.
No, I mean, 54.
How does that?
55.
What did I get?
I got it wrong.
45.
No.
It was?
Yes.
No.
No.
Yes.
Yes.
No.
No, seriously.
Was it 55.
55.
No.
It's 55.
No.
It's 55.
And 45.
Yes.
Yes.
OK, that's what it was.
So that went on.
So that means they got 10 Republicans who voted on that.
Which that was not the one that perjury they said was weak and said it went so on.
And now we're getting around.
They're reading.
Let's get this on here.
OK, they're reading our number two.
Stop up.
Oh, God.
We're getting this over with.
Though you feel better already.
Yeah.
Influence the testimony of those witnesses.
So the second one, obstruction justice is under our solicitation.
I think that about the way you look.
OK, and the house managers are reading.
They're tweeting.
They're tweeting.
They're hoping.
Calls the grand grip.
They're talking to the real white women.
They're saying, oh, wow.
Can't believe that.
In all of this, William Jefferson Clinton.
Yeah, as undermined the integrity of his office.
Yeah.
Has brought this repute on the presidency.
Oh, my God.
As the President.
Oh, my God.
As the President.
And has acted in a manner subversive of the rule of law.
To the manifest injury of the people of the United States.
Uh-huh.
Wherefore, William Jefferson Clinton by such conduct.
Orn's impeachment and trial.
Yeah.
And removal from the office of honor.
How are we going to get all these outbreaks in the United States?
We have to be one back to back.
The question is on the second article of the country.
Let's get going here.
The answer is how say you?
Is the respondent William Jefferson Clinton guilty or not guilty?
No.
The clerk will call the roll.
Mr. Abraham.
Mr. Abraham guilty.
Mr. Rokaka.
Mr. Rokaka not guilty.
Mr. Allard.
Mr. Allard guilty.
That's it.
What's your trash crop?
Yes.
Mr. Ashcroft guilty.
Mr. Balkas.
No.
Mr. Balkas not guilty.
Mr. Bye.
No.
Mr. Bye not guilty.
Mr. Bennett.
Yes.
Mr. Bennett guilty.
What a line piece.
Mr. Bye not guilty.
No.
Mr. Biden not guilty.
Mr. Binghamen.
No.
Mr. Binghamen not guilty.
Mr. Bond.
Yes.
Mr. Bond guilty.
This is boxer.
Not guilty.
Mr. Bro.
No.
Mr. Bro.
Not guilty.
Mr. Brownback.
Mr. Brownback guilty.
Yes.
Mr. Bryan.
No.
Mr. Bryan.
Not guilty.
Mr. Bunning.
Yes.
Mr. Bunning.
He's a guilty.
Jim Bunning.
Mr. Burns.
Yes.
Mr. Burns.
Mr. Byrd.
Mr. Byrd, not guilty.
Mr. Campbell.
Mr. Campbell, guilty.
Mr. Chafee.
Mr. Chafee, not guilty.
Mr. Clalins.
Mr. Clalins, not guilty.
Mr. Cochrane.
Mr. Cochrane, guilty.
Miss Collins.
Miss Collins.
Not guilty.
Mr. Conrad.
Mr. Conrad.
Mr. Dupin on the not guilty.
Mr. Coverdale.
Mr. Coverdale.
guilty.
Mr. Craig.
Mr. Craig.
guilty.
Mr. Crapo.
Mr. Crapo.
guilty.
Mr. Dachal.
Mr. Dachal.
Not guilty.
Mr. DeWine.
Yes.
Mr. DeWine.
He's a guilty.
Mr. Dodd.
No.
Mr. Dodd.
Not guilty.
Mr. Diminity.
Yes.
Mr. Diminity.
Guilty.
Mr. Dorgan.
No.
Mr. Dorgan.
16860 Bill.
Right at the moment.
Okay. We're in the D.
Mr. Durbin.
No.
Mr. Durbin.
Not guilty.
Mr. Edwards.
No.
Mr. Edwards.
Not guilty.
Mr. Empty.
No.
Mr. Envy.
No.
I mean at least, there what?
Mr. Fine Gold.
No.
Mr. Fine Gold.
Not guilty.
Is this fine sign?
No.
Is this fine sign?
Not guilty.
Mr. Fitzgerald.
Yes.
Mr. Fitzgerald.
17 guilty.
You're following this?
No.
Okay, Mr. Fritz guilty Mr. Fritz
Gordon guilty
Mr. Graham Florida no
Mr. Graham Florida not
This is gonna be closer. I'm gonna Texas. Yes, Mr. Graham Texas
guilty
Mr. Graham's Minnesota
Mr. Graham's a Minnesota
Mr. Graham's the end of the first quarter Mr. Grassley guilty
Yes, Mr. Greg yes, Mr. Greg guilty Mr. Hagel. Yes, Mr. Hagel guilty Mr. Harkin no Mr. Harkin not guilty
Mr. Hatch
Mr. Hatch guilty
Mr. Helms
Yes, Mr. Halling no
Three guilty not guilty
Mr. Hutchinson of Arkansas
Mr. Hutchinson of Arkansas
guilty is this Hutchinson of Texas
Is this Hutchinson of Texas guilty? Mr. Inhal
Yeah, wake up in your in-haw open the words guilty
Yes, twenty no way guilty no
Mr. No way not guilty
Mr. Jeffers
Mr. Jeffers not skill no the Republican that's your Johnson
No Johnson not guilty
Mr. Kennedy no
Mr. Kennedy not guilty
Mr. Carrey Nebraska no, Mr. Carrey of Nebraska not guilty
Mr. Carrey of Massachusetts no
29 to 29 maybe not almost at halftime Mr. Cole
No, not guilty Mr. Kyle
Mr. Kyle guilty yes, there's Landrue no
There's Landrue not guilty. He won 30 to allow seven no
Mr. Loutenberg not guilty Mr. Lahey no
Mr. Lahey not guilty Mr. Levin no Mr. Levin
34th no, no Mr. Lieberman no
35 to be head on clip and the quit of they just popped up on the CNN like we know the Lincoln
No, this is Lincoln not guilty. I was able to lot
Yeah, there you go. See got the pompoms that again old Trent lot Tony
Mr. Luger
guilty
Mr. Matt
Mr. Matt guilty. Yes, Mr. McCain
Yes, McCain guilty Mr. McConnell
Mr. McConnell guilty. Yes, there's McCullochie no
There's McCullochie 35 guilty 37 not guilty. Mr. Moynihan. No
Mr. Moynihan not guilty Mr. Murkowski
Mr. Murkowski guilty
Mrs. Murray no, this is Murray not guilty Mr. Nichols
Yeah, Mr. Nichols guilty
Mr. Rita Brod Island no
Mr. Rita Brod Island not guilty
Mr. Rita Nevada no Mr. Rita Nevada not guilty 37 yesterday. I know
40 to no not guilty Mr. Robert
Mr. Robert guilty
Mr. Rockefeller no, Mr. Rockefeller not guilty. Mr. Ross
Mr. Ross guilty
Mr. Santorum
Yes, Mr. Santorum guilty
Mr. Sarvance no, Mr. Sarvance
guilty, 40 no Mr. Schumer no, Mr. Schumer not guilty
Mr. Sessions
Mr. Sessions guilty Mr. Shelby
Sessions Mr. Shelby guilty
Mr. Smith of New Hampshire
Yes, Mr. Smith of New Hampshire guilty
Mr. Smith of Oregon
Yes, Mr. Smith of Oregon guilty
Mr. Snow
No, Mr. Snow, not guilty Mr. Spector
Not true
No, no, no, no, what a hearted hey how's that bulldozer?
I was just going to ask you are not guilty
Not guilty there you go Mr. Stevens
Yes, Mr. Stevens guilty
Mr. Thomas
Yes, Mr. Thomas guilty
Mr. Thompson
Yes, Mr. Thompson guilty
Mr. Thurman
Yes, yes, yes, Mr. Thurman guilty
Mr. Torrecelli
No, Mr. Torrecelli
Mr. Torrecelli
Not guilty
The best they can do is get it right, my right
Mr. Voinavich guilty
Yes, Mr. Warner
Yes, Mr. Gillty
Yes, Mr. Wellthtown
No
Mr. Wellthtown
Not guilty
Mr. Wydewy
No, Mr. Wydewy
This is the 50-50
50-50 so did they get the 51
No
Are the house managers pissed off
They are pissed off
The 1234-560 WQM is all over, it's all over
Let's have a party, Goddamn it
Oh Thank God
Let's get onto something important
Like an orgy in a White House
Are there already hammin' one?
We were team paratroopers
We're staying school don't go out on your own
There's a whole lot of stuff you just can't do at home
Search all around but you won't see
A making butter patties
Stiff to the ceiling
Smoking in the bathroom making out a no-home
Or hitting a fat kid with a speeding dodge ball
Yeah, I remember the head
And throw a paper wand with a fire alarm
Blow up the toilet with a cherry farm
Dice a frog in biology class
Find yourself a nerd and with your dad
Will you be a hit in chemistry
When you make the class of patch of metal
Start a food fight you milk out your nose
When you go to school with anything go
Oh
Go out on your own
Because there's a whole lot of stuff you just can't do at home
A search all around
But you won't see
A seat
D-O
With a D-E-D
Or a search all around
But you won't see
A seat
With a D-E-D
From 40 at 560 WQA
So anyway after they finished with the vote and the whole deal and the trend lot with some idiotic statement
Teach us this rank we said I want to say only one thing
It's a lie I am not a Nazi
Okay, let's hear it y'all it's decided and so is that we're gonna have a party now or what come on
Let's hear it 5 6 7 0 5 60
Palm 5 60 let's hear from some of those people that are like hanging her head now
Oh, yeah, look at this standing location for our duty sector. It's okay. It's a never-matter fact
15 in the life
There you go standing and see these people are letting it out now because they've been as silent for how many weeks now under petal
Even prison men to not are letting it out wow that's going Ted
Ted Kennedy will come out two open lines and power come on
Let's go here's a moment in history. This isn't just another guy named draft picked by the dolphins for Christake or Jimmy
Johnson with some phony or contrab press conference line to the public. This is some real stuff baby
5 6 7 0 5 60
Palm 5 60 on a mobile one line any interest out there? No
Here's howl and they'll hello
Hey, I'm clean. Yes, sir. Hey, uh, beautiful day out eating some fish food right now. All right
Have a little party in his mouth. Yeah, I have a couple things that I talked about that
The entire penis cake thing is a waste of money a way 50 million dollars at least they spend on this and what did it accomplish?
Okay, did they get him? Did they nail him? No, just a waste of time. I mean, it's just so unbelievable
What they will go through I'm a young
Liberal Republican and I would never have I can't believe that these people are wasting our money and our time doing this type of
I can't believe you're wasting your time in a party like that. Oh, well, I'm thinking of changing over
The one thing the public is an oxy moron one the other thing I wanted to talk about
a lot of things is uh
Yesterday all these stupid people that wait online wait on
On hold online to talk to you and then they say oh my god, not he going and all this. Yeah, I mean, it's just unbelievable
That's it. That's it. I give credit to you. I cannot you show a lot of patience
The people you have to deal with yeah on your show another thing. Yes, sir
If you get a chance George Carlin has a great
new live
Comedy bitty as on HBO. Yeah, I heard about that. Oh, it's great. Is you got it you got to listen to him. I he's great
One more not two more
Sam the douchebag. Yeah, I heard some guy call back him earlier. I
He he all those girls that he had up on the stage there taking their clothes off and everything
These were like underage or something because my friend will tell me about it as well. All right. I mean
Well, he's working now. You know he likes him. Yeah, and then uh and also
My my friend called you. I don't know. Do this week or maybe last week
You called from North Carolina the religious nut. Yeah. Oh, I've been trying to put some sense into his head
I've been telling him hey, you know
If it's all I'm listening to I was born raised
Presbyterian Christian whatever. Yeah, and I
Back in like I think fifth or sixth grade as when I totally dumped all that crap telling enough of the bubble might
He still get it. I mean, I have I mean it's just I mean it's useless. I mean it's primitive
primitive I mean to the you know, it'll work and I don't understand why the Lord you're looking for is crap
That's it that's too. I'm gonna have a great weekend. Hey you too. And a great life. All right. Bye. Yeah
Okay, got a run because we got to get all these spots in baby 1244 560 qm
I know one that can do with us sandwich or two
Hit moss that skinny chick the skinniest chick I know
You feel just bleak that heroin seat. You got to lay off the flow
Hit moss that skinny chick. We want to know what's the deal
The clothes and crap when you're in rehab your worst than alley Mcbeale
148 is 560 wc. We got a way nice job
Yeah, everything in here like that. That was a major miracle on my part
Which I slapped myself on the back for a great job. No, getting all the spots in that's what we're here for get the spots in baby
So what have we learned today so far?
We've learned that the American Airlines blows
We've learned that the 10 David at CNBC is a vacationing down here listening to the show
I'll tell you one thing that was that was great. That was a fantastic because that's the that's the one channel of all those cable channels
That's great. They're all professionals on there. They're fantastic
Even though some days they have very very bad news
Of us by day, they're not responsible for that their professionals looking up in the book
And here's that facts from somebody on the inside
We keep getting facts of some queer channel from people that are working inside over there
I don't want Ronda to get all bent out of shape, but
It says Peter Bulger is the black hole of radio in South Florida
The corporate sucking is so hard not even a lot a light kin escape
It says and it says by the way brook is really kicking ass right?
Right
I don't think so
Okay, whoever that is inside over there Christian. Of course. It could be one of one of many people. I'm sure
I have a feeling it's from John Ford
Huh, yeah, let's start spreading the room into John Ford to send us hate facts is over here about Pete Bulger
I wouldn't want to give him no trouble or anything would we? Huh?
John Ford little puddle wacker
Okay, where we going Fort Myers? Hello
Hi Neil. Yes, sir. I follow the liberal republican. Yeah, well, he's going to change your life
Yeah, well, that's good least he's changing
Uh, you're right. This is a historic moment in the history of our country. Yes, sir
I would have gotten through the entire trial now hearing a word of it had you not played the vote
But I kind of blame you for that. I would have done it. It was fun
It was over the top
Here's my point that I'd like to make I thought when Ted Kennedy laid out that second
I think the real tragedy of this whole thing would be
If the greatest piece of American radio ever created was lost from this point on
I'm talking about your song Bill cigars and my oh no, that's uh, that's uh, that will never be lost
You'll keep playing classic god bless. I might just play it the whole last hour. Did they just non-stop?
You make me really happy tell me something is that available commercially or for download or for any way to get a copy of that?
No, but if you send Georgia cassette would like you want to talk to Georgia about he might work it out for
I would love to
Okay, hang on. Okay. There's a few bucks for a Georgia and tell him not to make it out to wiod
I'm one aware of that guy was he wants a copy of uh, uh, that thing. No
Come on Georgia with it. So at any rate uh, yeah, what was still continued to play that
Well, I just lost my train of thought. I have something so damn important. Oh, yeah
The guy that sent Georgia a ten dollar check to make out a thing a copy of something on cassette
He makes the check out to wiod
Is the guy going to get the thing he wanted? No
And is the check that he sent us in a waste basket at this point? Yes
Wiod oh, I hate that station. Here's Miami. Hello
Miami
Going once going twice probably a sour answer Republican. Okay, two open lines in date five six seven oh five sixty
five sixty on a mobile one line
Here's Coral Springs. Hello. Hey, how are you today? Okay, sir
Um, I never looked before because I don't look at the signs locally. You don't need to watch
Highway signs. Yeah. Did you when you come from south to north on 75 to get off at the sawgrass mills?
You get off at sunrise. We'll have our correct. Okay. If you don't you get to pay a 75 cent poll about three quarters of a mile later
Absolutely correct right today for the first time and I travel it 20 times a week
I look up at around all the world their signs are and one quarter of a mile before you get to sunrise boulevard
Yeah, fine. It says sawgrass mills one mile
They want they want they want your money
Try to them building Patsalano boulevard. How did you get to sawgrass mills?
How did I get there?
Got off at sunrise. How did I get to?
I don't know. I know you're in your house. I walked about 10 blocks right?
You and I come in there. We'll be called the back way. Right.
But if you're coming up and down the sawgrass for 75 right prior to Patsalano when you were coming north
You got off at sunrise for free. Sure and if you're smart and I'll still do the same thing. Of course you will
But that's fine. Couldn't have gone up that long ago
In an addition of which if you're coming from the south anybody that goes to the macarena and gets off at the
Patsalano is crazy because if they get off at sunrise all they got to do is go east just a few blocks to
166 Panther Parkway make a left there and there's the arena in 20 seconds. I just love that sign of
So for the first time today and what they're telling you is the the science right now for free
Don't be 50 dollars. That's right. You go who gets that money? Who gets it? Yeah, that'd be bad. I'm local divide. Maybe Patsalano is getting it
I think so so we can go and tear those neon signs down. I have a great day. In fact, yeah
That thing in sunrise by the way
We want to say it again. We want to reiterate what we said yesterday. We're all for you baby
Lots of neon we wave a lot neon neon in sunrise at least he's under the age of 100 anyway
Maybe a scumbag, but he's under the age of 100
God the repressive the seeers another day. This is a great day for America because the forces of repression and anti-humanism have lost
That's why it's a great day for America
And all these sanctumodias hypocrites including by the way every one of these congressmen every one of these senators even the ones who voted no
Oh, well, we find it personally repugnant and disgusting and all these media talking heads
Well, everybody is grossed out in a poll show that the polls show that the public says whatever you want them to say about is a disgusting and grotesque because they've been conditioned to say
Oh, yes, we're revolted. And these should never be getting those blow jobs
The message for the children is hey guess what virginia even the president gets horny and cheats on his wife
Especially if season ice princess. How do you like that?
And we're not maybe recommending that but you know, there's many lessons in here to be learned even the president gets horny and the real bottom line is it's nobody's got them business
That's the bottom line
And I think that monica's mother with that dress. I think that's where big part of the we got a Linda trip
We got Lucian Gilbert Ken star all of them need to be on death row immediately, but how about Monica's mama? Huh? Yeah, mommy
That's where we start need to start looking right now to that goddamn family of theirs of course poor Monica now
Geez what else you're gonna do her life has been ruined. Huh her life is
You know it
Even team Mussolini said that he's finished as you know it
1255 at 560. Oh there's orange snatch. What's orange snatch in on here real quick? Come on pot up the old orange George
I think it's very important and you know, I wish the president well. Okay, that's enough
The Neil Roger show on 560 WQ AM Miami Fort Lauderdale
The search and search warrant on me which allowed them to view and photograph my body including my penis
My buttocks my lord
Oh, right and any other error that they wanted
Oh
When I touched them that I couldn't make his grow
Oh man this is really a bummer all I did was get myself a bummer
Only they
We got mail
We got mail
great
These charges they are really mean it I've never seen my colleague
In Danes
Till the reels real if you and the pay at least the things I bang for human
sports works
or they
We got no
We got no
I had flowers
There's a rope
Hey my colleagues
You dropped this up
Day after day
The charges they grow
That in a parking lot
I got the ratio
Oh
Just let me sleep with one more kid I promise not to repeat what I did
I'm in a deep mess, but what the hey at least nobody out there thinks I'm gay
What a man
We got no fame
We got no fame
We got no fame
We got no fame
We got no fame
One or two at five sixty w. We got thank gober show kind of two we got Kim Bo camp or sixty then Ed
Campland who I guess going to be really clean up after uh setting the opus and the unders on the article one and two
Article 155 to 45 and 50 50 a wash on article two that's what they thought they could get 51 and they got no a wash
Here's Miami hello
Great
Yes, sir
On a week. Oh no you have to be kidding me ponytail is on with that jack. Oh, yeah
Not just babbling growth
Oh my god. The only thing the only thing worse than her talk show is her laugh. Oh my you have to be kidding me
Now is he you mean on the ear with him or he's bringing them food? Oh, yeah on the air
He's bringing her food today for some contest. She's doing to try to get her bored off late
You have to be kidding me. No, chef. Holden is consorting with that bitch
Yes, that is done. Yeah, just on the heels of the good news. You have to hit me with that. Just brings me right back to reality
That's the not sure so that's the worst his nose in the history of food. Hey, it's American
You're right. Okay, thanks for the good news. Thanks for the wife. It's some fiery port there. What does that piss me off? Okay?
I know he likes to pour every station in town. He's the best the horror monster in the world. That's fine
But her
That talent was idiotic bitch
That Randy Rhodes want to be what are you turning on now? What channel of you be turning on because it didn't work
What's one you want two ninety four?
Nice job there by the way of a immobilizing my thing two ninety four. Oh, it's the color
Okay
We all know what that color is
Uh-oh, make it think he just took a word for it is thinky. Okay, get that off
Yeah, got my own purple winky tinky this morning very excited about that
We have browned open fives as in all of it five. How can this be? How can people not just be filming it to mouth?
You don't think they're burned out on this stuff do you? Like as in about 12 months ago?
What an unbelievable and what are these four bastards gonna do one state once they squeeze the last blood of bull crap out of Linda
Trip and Monica and all these other
Affinity belongings and they make another cottage industry like they did with OJ
What are they gonna do then? I guess maybe then we'll have to work on who really killed the jambane huh?
5 6 7 0 5 60 and pond 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Hey, he'll do it. Okay, sir
Have you seen you may have been talking about him since about earlier if you seen the new article in Miami
New Times about popl burry no
No supposed talk about criminals in professional sports. Oh that's old stuff about the mafia in Russian mafia
What why are they rehashing that crap? Who cares about that? Did you see it stuff about these supposed heads of the mafia?
Yeah
You're cutting out coming on the real phone about something good not that same old tired stories
You know, let me say what I said when we first got popl burry in this town
We've got a great legitimate
bonafide superstar and those people of a comparing to Gary Sheffield because they both making about 10 million or sheffield did when he was here
Know nothing about popl burry nothing about hockey nothing about sports Gary Sheffield never was and never will be a superstar on the level of a popl burry
Well, I still say may not be the best player in the world, but he's the most exciting
Okay, you ought to shout over doubt when he's playing and then you got to rehash all this old tired stuff about the Russian mafia and how they terrorize these Russian players and
Shrup them down and threaten their families that stuff for anybody that would have been paying attention is older than foster you it, okay?
But you know, so instead of like dwelling on the positive like wow
We finally got something we've been excited about here. No, let's dredge out all this old bull crap
Leave it to them. Okay, they got nothing better to write about open line at day one and Broward five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
Here's Miami. Hello. How you doing? No great?
No one question. Do you know if any or even I can use because they got a rush going off my ass man, you know and any way many you can use
Yeah, you're the same KY that you use on your boyfriend. I probably work one this for you
We have an open line at day one in Broward five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the AT&T line
Here's Palm Beach. Hello
Hey Mr. Neal. Yes, sir
You know, I've been listening to you for 22 years. I my father turned me on to a very far bird 19. Oh my god
I know I know hold on. Jesus and then when I find out very far bird
I have to go back
Listen, then in 76 I started to listen to you. Yeah, and
And I was talking to dead people on the beach. Yeah, they were well
They've been different 20 years and nobody told them and Neil
The one thing I wanted to mention I was listening to another guy the other day
I want him. I don't want to mention his name Rick Rowley and he was saying something he was doing a commercial
And you know what you're the only guy on radio and those sales holes upstairs
They they get the contracts, but you're the man. It sells the product and you make it believable
Your your voice goes up and down. It fluctuates. It goes up and down
And and you make you see I don't listen to commercials very often
I go when you go on a commercial I go to FM and I come back to you
But sometimes I listen to your commercial. Yeah, and you make it believable and you make it work
Yeah, make it amusing. Yes, you make it amusing
And I just love the way you and that's why they pay you the money they do
So I'm not sucking around I go
No, they gave me the money they do because they like me and I'm a good guy. Yeah, and of course you lie a lot
But anyway, here's one other thing. Yes, I don't want to
I just want to say one thing to you. Yeah, miss whether be out there. She's from the
This is the butler from Palm Beach. She's from this guy again get out of here
Not no wonder he's in toward that's the same jackass that called the other day remember
He was almost the coherithaer for a few seconds
Just sucking and sucking and sucking leave the suck it up there
I've heard about your deal up there in Palm Beach. Okay, pal do all your sucking up there. We got enough suction on this show
Whoo, they counted all three lines in data open here on the heels of this
I'm one of the most momentous events the second impeachment trial in the history of the United States
We get after all this 13 months of hype
We finally get the acquittal which we knew was come up but nevertheless have it right here on the ear and I got all three lines in data
Open because we're not talking about the Jimmy Johnson get a good haircut
Was it as good as Greg reads?
5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless law what an embarrassing community this is man
What an embarrassing embarrassing town. I realize it's ponderous. I realize we've been inundated with it
But somewhere somebody in this godforsaken place must have something to say don't they no christ
Stephen this vice president
Members of the 105th Congress distinguished guests
My fellow Americans I have a incomprehensibly large tool
Thank you
I want you to listen to me. I do have sexual relations with this lawrence
And I told that woman to lie there's a dress that has some stain
Oh
I
He will have to answer questions like they ask a Betty Curry.
And he should worry what Betty Curry told that grand jury.
Yes, he should. Well, did Monica Louinsky ever suck on Clinton's f**k up?
Yes.
Yes.
Or, first.
You know, other than you know, the sports page of the podcast.
The following five or 50, 80s, 90s, or 40s, what's the best?
You imagine the following five or 50s being about Stephen's things on the dress of what maybe
you want to Thomas Jefferson slaves?
No.
Well, there's the president's semen on one of those dresses there.
No.
Let's check the DNA evidence.
No.
Thank God they didn't have no DNA testing back then, right?
Yes.
God.
They would have said, man, you people of the future are crazy.
You're in the bedbug.
We better keep everything right here in the past.
Hey, listen, we got a lot of people this country working feverishly to try to do that.
Exactly.
Open-line and broward.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5.
Like the old religionist baby, let's throw back the dark age.
That sounds good.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Miami Lake.
Hello.
Neil, God.
Yes, sir.
Two things, Neil.
First of all, well, unfortunately you talk about people trying to throw back the old days.
Some of them are succeeding.
They haven't come out of there.
Those militia in Michigan and whatever.
They're living way back then.
And I don't think.
On the vote.
I had for those many actions the other day when you went to a commercial and I switched to a douchebag limbo.
Lauren Assia.
And he had people call him.
You've got to believe we're going to get those 12 votes that we need.
They're going to see the light.
They're going to know the truth.
You have to always be not get there.
No, no, no.
We got 10 of them.
No rational person, sir.
Believe.
Nobody believed that they were going to get 12 Democrats.
The only question was were they going to get a simple majority on either one of the answer was they did not.
They did not.
They did not.
Very clearly.
And the second thing is you know, you were talking the other day about how ugly those guys are what's the name Ron Jeremy or whatever.
They're all seniors.
They're in those poor no thing.
Yeah.
He said how can people stand there.
And I was wondering about could I see a couple of them late at night on the on some of the stations that I got one of those magic boxes for.
But it's because I never look at the guy.
I'm looking at the girl.
What about the women that are watching?
I know they're not gorgeous.
I know they have a lot of reckons about the size of a softball.
Yeah.
You know, it's just enjoyable to watch.
But I mean, for the same money, wouldn't it be more make more sense to have like good looking naked people having sex?
I mean, it just very much makes sense to me.
It makes very much sense to me, but I was wondering why I never noticed the guys.
I don't look at the guys.
You're sorry about that.
I'm not looking at the women.
Okay, we believe you.
Never.
We believe him.
No.
How can you not?
I mean, how can you must have a special eyesight?
Can you, can you like somehow selectively like peel them out of your vision?
And it's like, yeah, he's putting a thumb on it and a screen too.
That's right.
He's got his thumb on it.
Oh, I don't see no guys there.
Well, maybe I saw a little something slipping there.
Oh, oh, yeah.
Maybe it's just raining.
Gorgeous.
Or it's me where that came from.
Oh, gee, there's that Peter North.
I didn't see him.
And by the way, he no looks so good anymore either.
But hey, everybody gets old.
That's the way God works.
What did I ever do with it?
Do I have that autograph picture?
I guess I got it at home.
I never brought it in.
Do I?
I brought it to meet the hockey game.
Peter North autographed me personal and close up.
And I think there was a score.
Stay on the photo too.
Open line of Broward.
Open line of Dave.
What in Broward?
Like I said, I beg your pardon?
We have that.
He's for them.
Well, what is Eddie's phone number, by the way?
Well, we've been wondering this for a long time.
What's Eddie's number?
I guess he wants to talk to our audience.
Maybe he's having a party today.
954.
954.
806.
806.
442.
423.
That's the idea that for the last 45, 50 years has been a lot.
That's the thing that just screams in coherently.
Oh, either or both of the above, depending on which movies in which tranquilizer he's taking
on a given day.
954.
806.
4423.
Maybe you want to call him and say hi.
806.
4423.
That's the number to keep in mind.
Keep him busy.
Open line at Broward.
56670560 and 0.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
About Linda Tripp.
Her going around.
Yeah.
Her going around in the talk show circuit or whatever.
Just proves that any publicity is good publicity.
She doesn't care how bad she looks.
She is going to pay for the so bad.
People are just going to make fun of her 10 times more than ever.
But you don't understand.
By now, she's probably immune to the making fun of.
I mean, that's all an act on her part.
She's going to be writing books.
She's going to be on movies.
I mean, I'm telling you all of these people.
It's going to be another new cottage industry spawned by this insanity.
You mark my words.
That's true.
About another thing, though.
Jerry Falwell.
I've never agreed with him on anything except for one thing.
Yeah.
Tell it to be creepy.
Very creepy.
Yeah.
Well, I'm just saying.
I mean, I find myself agreeing with him.
And I agree with him about what?
That the tell it to be gay, a plot part of a plot to convert our children.
Is that it?
Well, they're creepy enough to be.
Maybe.
Creepy enough to be gay.
No, no.
Okay, thank you.
Okay.
Creepy.
That's going to be my autobiography.
Creepy is that one to be.
How do you like that?
Creepy.
Creepy enough to be a little faggot.
We have an open line of days five six seven.
I mean, I got to tell us.
I'll be right here.
I got winky, winky right here.
I got my winky, dinky in my hand or tinky winky.
I'm sorry.
And it don't look.
It's just a stupid little dollars.
What it is.
I mean, really dumb.
It's not.
It's not anything.
It's just a stupid little little yard of dollars.
If you like it, you like it.
And if if you do, there's probably something wrong with it.
So we'll see you at the bathhouse tonight, sir.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'll give you some comments on Pecker Gate.
Yes.
First of all, thank God it's over.
Second of all, you know, this whole impeachment thing and whether it was guiltier or not, it
was really a big smoke screen.
And it just goes to show how most Americans had their heads buried in the sand.
Correct.
The real story and what scares me to death and what scares me to fear what I think from my children
in the future on the special prosecutorial powers of men like Kenneth St.
and the justice.
Well, thank God that that, okay, independent.
And I'm going to come up very.
So I think in April, this spring, it's coming up and the odds are that they're going to kill
it.
That's not going to be new.
If that isn't up basically what they're doing in the base of the time.
They're giving men unlimited powers and unlimited finances to go and persecute, not prosecute,
but persecute anybody he decides.
And if that isn't a shining example, as to what you always talk about is the rising police
state in this country.
I don't know what the hell is.
That's right.
I'm out.
Ken Star in jail.
That's what I say.
That would make me happy, okay?
I like this crap is all over.
But let's just finish it off like the frosting on the cake, like the icing, the topping.
I throw on his ass on death row.
Unbelievable.
Just a man gone berserk.
And of course, when you read about the Richard Mellon scape connection in the tobacco company,
all the other, the forces behind it makes you realize what it's all about.
Most people can't be bothered with it.
And let's back to the beginning at this point.
Here's a lady mobile in West Palm Beach.
Hi, DL.
How are you?
Great.
This is the other one of the 20.
I love you to death.
Hey, I keep thinking about, hey, baby, complete my long for, never that long you had.
Yes, ma'am.
You played it.
I would love to hear that it's possible.
Also too, what you're saying about is our rights being taken away.
It is so true.
When we have to start taking a stand, and that is going to be one of my deals in life.
I just take a stand.
If I want to smoke, I'm going to smoke.
I want to start.
I'm going to start.
I'm going to do it.
Because that's the way it should be.
You want to see a good one?
That's your business.
Exactly.
We saw Staten Private Ryan here the night, and let me tell you something.
If those guys fought and died for us for that reason, and then Civil War and every other wars like that,
then we then stand up for them too.
That's why we got the rights and freedoms that are being taken away from us right now.
We have to go back.
We have to stand up for those freedoms and those rights.
If not, we're not going to have any.
Okay, sweetheart.
Lucky baby.
Okay, see ya.
Don't step on it.
Hey, baby.
Come play with my sloth.
It may be hangin' down with you, it may be big at all.
Hey, baby.
Come play with my sloth.
You don't have the swallow.
I have a washcloth.
Aim and deflease as you're going down on me.
Oh, yeah.
Where is his outer back?
On your knees.
Shoo.
You can't fall for a moment, do you?
Well, here I come.
You're up with the blues.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, my baby.
You can't even hear me out.
I'll play with my sloth.
Who's your daddy now?
Baby, baby.
Hey, baby.
You can't fall.
No, baby.
What's 25 at 560 WQM?
I mean, we all know you're full of crap.
George thinks he knows something about sex, but actually, he really hasn't had any yet.
I wanted to feel with all your fantasy.
Friday, you last bit.
A young man turns 28.
Okay.
He scored the sweetest bag.
I'll go on the next day.
All right.
It's too many seeds.
In your dime bag.
Getting to the party.
Two minutes too late.
Isn't it the chronic?
Yes.
Don't you think?
It's not great.
When you've left on break.
The free bag.
When you're already baked.
You'll believe us.
That's you tested and you say.
Who are the thoughts you get?
Hard, brownie.
That you already ate.
I know.
Don't it sign.
A lot that you've raised.
It's like 10,000 joins.
When all you need is a light.
It's like having a fever of dreams.
And then finding out it's not 10's of light.
And here's only the chronic.
Don't you think?
Yes.
A little too much chronic.
Yeah, I really do think.
It's not great.
Yeah.
When you've left on break.
The free bag.
When you're already baked.
That's you tested and you say.
Who are the thoughts you get?
I just had a great idea for our own TV show.
I'll send you more in with you, Ray Falwell.
That's still the not whole, you know, grudges.
Tell us, chubbies.
Huh? I could be honest. We were talking about that at the beginning of the show. This morning, all the fat people around here me and Booge and Hank and the beast, the Will the Beast and the fat boy Jeff high and your favorite Josh Friedman who is really a monster in the business.
Who are we from?
Jeff DeForetsdipho is getting really hylando. Orlando, he's a monster engineer, who is also an engineering broker. Lots of fat around this joint. So I think we got to join forces with jury. And as long as I don't wear my purple shirt, I think it'll be okay.
Tell us, hubby. Here's Poppato Beach. How you doing now?
Great. I just want to thank you for your commentary during the vote. But I got a question. What was all inspectors vote about not proven?
Yeah, our own specter. He's always got to be off on his own thing like that magic bullet theory and the Warren Commission report, the bullet went over here and it went over there and then it wound up on the stretcher and don't confuse him with the fact. So we got a hundred guys in there. They all are abiding by the rules. It's yay or they guilty or not guilty in this case. And he had not proven.
You know, and like they all all stopped the first time. He did like everything came to a halt like, huh? Like what are we doing now? You know, and they finally said, okay, he's an asshole. He means not guilty.
And you know, it's interesting though that Fred Thompson voting innocent. I'm the first one. I almost fell off the chair. I nearly got to an action or the wheel at the time.
Because I think I already pressed and then I had a quick added put my finger on it. I got a joke for you, Neil. Okay, have a great day.
Okay, we have an open line. He was a good call up to them. We just don't do jokes. Just a reminder for the audience. Okay, we don't do jokes because radio shows are the colors call in new jokes. Those shows really.
Blow five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60. You see, I don't care what any right winger on the radio, whether it's Laura S. Linbaugh, no matter who it is.
I don't care what they tell you because they're obviously pandering to a certain mentality, a certain constituency that they've developed over the years.
I don't care what they say. There aren't 50 people in this country who really believe that Clinton did anything that anybody else wouldn't do. His political enemies are out to corner him.
They're spending unlimited amounts of funds millions and millions of millions with as many acquies been put in there by right wing forces to get him out of there to destroy him.
They can't get him on anything meaningful so they can they know of course he's a hormonger so they catch him on sexual pecker dillows.
And they put him in a position where you know he has to lie about it.
And another thing you see another big problem is we got a lot of dumb people out there who don't know the difference between projury and lying.
They don't know the difference lying under oath is not perjury necessarily.
But even if a word nobody should still care but they just don't get it.
But let me say it again there aren't 30 people in the whole country even though self proclaimed religion is so our school and everything that moves people like Henry Hyde.
How's that marriage coming by the way that he busted up in West.
They don't care. They don't think there was anything immoral or grotesque. In fact most of them which they were getting as much action as he's been.
Just think back to that piece that was on 60 minutes long before we got to this impeachment stage where they talk when they showed him in the Vernon Jordan riding around on the golf cart on the course.
Mike Wallace did the piece and what is the president what do they talk about when they're out there together they talk about.
Okay.
And we're not talking about spot the cat either buddy.
Here's a mobile in Fort Myers hello.
Yes sir.
I respect any woman they could talk about for it like that last one.
But anyway, the only woman in this town who admits to it.
I know that's cool. I give you her number.
Just don't want to be too close to this thing.
But I wanted to mention about the sector guy. All of a sudden he just changed his mind.
He was like 60s like oh you know I didn't want the president to get him to teach you.
Before I was like yeah let's go get him.
Yeah he was really aggressive and all of a sudden yesterday came out and said I don't know.
Yeah you know it's like what I would do that.
And that's Richard Parkville Hospital in Dallas.
Yeah.
All right with some of we down in Fort Myers to Fort Illinois.
Okay I have a good time.
I bet you they do have real good weed over there in Fort Myers huh.
You think so?
You probably leave everybody alone too.
In fact, Parker's probably coming in here and smoke it with him.
We have an open line at date 5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Hank Goldberg at 2 Kim Bocapp or at 6 Ed Kaplan.
You can bet on it 10 o'clock tonight.
Speaking of you can bet I guess I'll save this from Monday.
The thing about the new satellite dish with all the racing channels on it.
The host racing.
Which in fact Derek and I were just talking about that the track last night.
They could open up really bad avenues.
They've already got that on a small dish on Fox Pittsburgh 315.
We're doing the daytime and they have that what they call it teletrack.
You call a one-handed number.
Open it count with your credit card and you can bet on all.
All these races.
Freehold harness racing and the thoroughbred Belmont and all after the long you can sit there in your home and as long as you got money in your account and that credit card you can pledge your brains out.
The potential for that as much as I love the track and as much as I'm not a non gambling.
You know I'm not an anti gambling nut but the potential for that can you see that that's what they ought to get up here.
Now that they got the dish up there get channel 315 going for the guys.
By the end of the month there'll be like a half a dozen guys standing out on the corner of 441 I was very bored with a 10 cup with their thumbs out.
That's right.
23 before 2 at 560 QA.
If you're it's worth the large and in the basket.
Hey kids are you tired of that neighborhood bully?
He stole my lunch money.
Shut up kid and tell him want to hold the mail next time.
Next time fight back.
But he's bigger than me.
No no no just tell mom next time she hits the candy aisle at the grocery store pick up a pack of new shit cab candy bars.
Shut up.
Yes it's a new candy bar made entirely from recycled cow dung guaranteed to turn your stomach.
So next time.
Alright kid give me a lunch.
No no please don't take it.
Shut shut up and hand it over.
Okay here you go.
But whatever you do please don't eat my candy bar.
Hey cool.
Ah this tastes like shut.
So you want my lunch tomorrow too?
We got a hunch you got a little lunch when you take a bite of that chest gas bar.
Okay it's 142.560 WQM thanks to my good friend Chuck for bringing me a great combo chef salad here today without the excess spicy hot onions from the end of the day.
Woo that was good but like bird to hole in my public.
But at any rate so Ted Kennedy was just on there up pontificating they had some crazy bitch on there.
Behind him with a big sign it said Clinton is evil and she was screaming and swearing up the storm saying.
What the hell are you?
And then Bernie Shaw on CNN finally said well I guess we better dump out of this right now for the quorum sake so too bad we didn't get a chance to hear what he had to say.
Oh man a lot of really hysterical crap no doubt.
Well they just can't handle you know Clinton is evil and he's getting more jobs.
Wow see you know this was a colossal waste of time in most ways but but it did bear out what I've been telling you for many many years.
And that this country compared to like civilized places in the world where I've been to many of them is so juvenile and so much in the stone age and so backward and so uptight and so hypocritical.
And maybe people are going to start understanding that now it's not just something some nutcase on the radio is saying down here in Miami.
Juvenile hypocritical full of crap uptight sexually paranoid puritanical obsessed with my new shy upset and of course voyeuristic as well naturally we've got to look at everybody's bedroom and see who's putting their own eyes on it.
We have an open line and Broward to and date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18th okay cute okay two open lines in Broward five six seven oh five 60 and pound five 60 on it see if he would have had better alliteration we could left that on there.
But you couldn't tell whether it was an S or an F as in okay let's try a candle hello hello Niel yes I'm not a huge maple leaf fan but I will be watching Saturday and that's game for the closing of the garden.
Yes sir early early start by the way six o'clock free game six thirty tomorrow night I don't have big extravagance after the game I don't have the dish but I have to watch them the do's.
It's on the do's I think so oh great well thank you for the matter doors tickets a couple of weeks ago but all by the way the article I'm off you saw the paper they but it's the
matter doors it looks like they're going to be selling them and it's not making it here and they're urging about a thousand people to game that you got yourself a sniper down in town here
get a world yeah he's he's doing it one more thing palvobury he puts the biscuit in the basket okay two open lines in date they're out of
material all of a sudden five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18th wireless line how sad that all of a sudden just when my lunch
shows up they all were not a material should have known it especially especially on the ass end of this week and you know something and just
on me did that bitch call back today when they invited I usually don't invite people to call me especially if they're ordering up
not just like she was but because I was so curious why anybody in her right mind in its right mind would waste their time
calling and giving me a lot oh you don't take criticism and you're a how would want to be in your piece of
track and whatever she was a screaming is today then try to call back a second time like an hour and a half later so
obviously she was still listening I could be doing this for another 500 years God forbid and I still would never
understand why people subject themselves to something that they don't like unless unless there's a part of them
like I've told you many times before knowing at them in the back of their little tiny brain that says well you know
with it but she's probably a diddle him with her little teletubby right now here's for lauderdale hello
Neil you speak to the truth yes card carrying member of trapeos 2 really yes and fortunately I wasn't there to be busted
but I find it to be disgusting I mean you know when I was a kid growing up I was always told that this is a great
country where freedom reign oh yeah you only reigns is like the rain in spain falls mainly on your
rena's yeah you can't have sex with consenting adults anymore in a legally licensed private place you can't gamble on
a legally licensed gaming vessel right you can't even flash your headlights going down the road if there's a
copy that's right there you go because it's a police date like I've been telling you we you know we need to do
no we need to legalize freedom in this country uh-huh and then closing I got a new slogan for American Airlines if we
can't fly you into the side of a mountain we won't fly you at all okay and have a great day good luck
pal you'll need it another one of those swingers another one of those evil swingers who well you know want to get
laid oh you can't do that this is America yeah you're right you can't do that oh my god it's just like I
said an extraordinary waste of energy and money people are starving that kids are getting crappy
education people are illiterate and we're spending money about blow jobs in line about blow jobs
and was the stain to the DNA evidence match and uh oh on and on and on and a bunch of sanctimonious
asshole talking heads on their hour after hour day after day of our freaking lives thank god at least
that part of it is over thank god tg.io baby thank god it's over oh christ
i'm gonna have to kill two at five sixty qm your happy station for the nineties is your
best good
We have been a little reluctant to play that anymore because it's got the line about the sheriff who's obscene and it was always about sheriff Nick the bar
But now we got sheriff Ken Jenny
Howard County
So it doesn't make any difference whether it's a stack Bobby Butterworth, Nick Navarro or Ken Jenny
