New gear sports radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers
Shale Guns!
A Neil called 560 560 toll free
Oh my god!
Broward or Count 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily
reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions or the measly broadcasts.
Damn it!
Now, Neil Rogers on sports radio 560 QAM.
I want to bang in the butt, honey.
I'm not a part of tic-tic and ask that we join together in sight of the American people.
Take it.
So Tom Jicke says,
No, seriously, do you have any idea what a thrill this is?
I mean, open up the TV book, which nobody reads.
What a tremendous thrill this is?
At least he's on my side at good bald headed Tom Jicke.
Have I ever said anything bad about him?
No.
Other than he's bald in the geek and sometimes they'll write about the ratings enough.
Good guy, my good buddy, Tom Jicke, who never stole a freight train.
right there and you know this week's on central which is a good thing by the way
did open up yesterday's on some little bit when i got home last night
because this morning's on sentinel is a soggy as the river rat
huh it was just uh... you know you open up the plastic is just uh... waterlogged
crap in fact it looks every time that happens it looks like it's reforming
back into a tree again you know like the paper is uh...
kind of tracing its life backward
time jica says to a letter writer do we have anybody in plantation it likes
this show no have we ever had a call from plantation anybody enjoys this
show no they hate me in plantation and it's interesting by the way the arena
is in sunrise close to plantation but officially in sunrise the uh... public
that sunrise right
even though it's on that other side of the street i'm pretty sure that's
still sunrise the song rice publics you but your sweet as it is that
sunrise so i'm big in sunrise gigantic in my international airport
but in the plantation
not too big
so here's this so letter to the editor of the way mel torme died oh boy
pop move up the
but we're not gonna be here no more
you know leave it to the hero you know you people at the herald are such a
bunch of assholes really you you're just unbelievable
mel torme was on the front page though as to think mel torme dying should be
on the front page no no
uh...
i mean he was very well known he was fat he was uh... you know
develop frog which i didn't know he was canadian
which i got a fact from on trial by the way but a lot of stuff here from
monday i think i think that for that
so when it was on the front page of the paper says mel torme who wrote
chestnuts roasting on an open fire
i hate to break the news to you in fact in in the same article if you take
the effort to open up to the inside page which nobody does
it says the christmas song that's the name of the song
he didn't write to mean that's part of that's the most famous lyric
from the song but that's not the name of the song you idiots you
uh...
you know i'm speechless it's so typical in the people here like well
yet that's it is a chestnuts roasting on an open fire yet that's it
like that richie from the york that was just on her again with the worst
thing everything bad from new york
has come here
it's like a disease
there are ten million good new yorkers they're all still up there
every disease every piece of direct
if you partner expression right time
every piece of sewage instead of sticking in the Hudson River they set it
down here including richie would have loud my with the bagel boys
oh jeez
sam digressing now
so anyway yesterday morning on the uh... i think it was on the uh... but what's
that show that i don't know what the name for this
Charles corral used to do it now um...
what's his name does
the news guy Charles Osgood
oh come on sunday cbs sunday morning is that the name of the show and at the
end
they usually have like uh... all these american scenic uh... you know
with the sound of waterfalls fishing and bird singing that's always at the
end of that show cbs sunday morning i think
so instead of that yesterday just caught the ass end of it just as the closing
credits were going off and they had the music of mel torme because after all
he just died
and since basically that show is appeals to pseudo intellectuals anyway
and mel torme and all that jazz business is definitely a pseudo intellectual
for a
right at this music for pseudo intellectuals those are the people who listen to
love ninety four
see the real intellectuals they listen to tm i
all three of them
but the pseudo intellectuals they listen to jazz on love ninety four
it's unmusic
so they were playing and and he will have to go to the song he was singing and
very butchered
and then he could get just about five seconds in a way and then he went off
and he got moved that move that move that move that you know like that's not
like that oj thing that i play
yeah so did just like that
and i thought to myself
oh my god
and by the way he was seventy three years old
had a stroke three and a half years ago and guess what
what did mel torme have in common with all these other people who are dying
he was fat he was a big fat
tuba large he lost some weight there once i remember one time he looked almost
human and then he just ballooned up again like depot is doing right now
coming this morning i see depot there in the out of control room
hanging out literally
he's got a pupa hanging out i'm going to tell you he has passed me i walked in
there i said mr you have passed me
and he looked down couldn't see issues
and then he took his cap off and he bent down he's got a bald spot as big as
either he says well i've always admired you so much i want to be just like you
he's better than i am see and and not only is he see my fat
is all in this one place this rule i have this rule and that's it if i
get rid of that rule i wouldn't be so fat but i can't get rid of it but
nevertheless but he it's like from the neck down
is getting fat you know i'm saying and he's rationalizing and he's saying oh
what you know all us Jews we all you know middle-aged that's a rationalization
mr you're getting fat you're gonna die
here on your fat station for the 90s this is the
fatdest freaking place i have ever worked in my life
when he was an iod was he fat no never never never even close
was he chubby no he was slim he was uh you know he was a guy
you've seen him on television on those 85 different shows he does
was he ever fat no comes to this station all of a sudden he's
parking up like a cow enormous gigantic huge
the fat people just like Dom Delebury said in that movie in fatso
the good people are the fat people and the fat people are
oh the dead people just keep that in mind okay all you chubby's out there all
you people are trying to rationalize i'm not gonna get on my soapbox again
far be it for me to talk about big fat cows
huh nothing worse than a fatso like me talking about other people being
real real real fat gigantic huge like boog chubby that we try to get in here to
get do that way off thing so that we can settle at office pool the only problem
was we don't have a meat scale where do they have those don't they have the
wanted public doesn't that go up to like 800 pounds where do they have those huh
you know the ones i'm talking about where they weigh like a side of beef on it
to go over to pen dutch hey yeah we could take him over to pen dutch and hang
him by a meat hook the boogster wow haven't seen him in a while can you
imagine when the last time we saw him about four months ago with downstairs on
the second floor by now he may not be may not even be able to get him on the
elevator down downstairs maybe that's why he hasn't entered the building
maybe he can't get into the building
and some people think oh well that's really insensitive this is no it's not
you try to save people from the choking on their own fat from this disease from this illness
like Jeff de florest that's fine i what kind of flowers he likes by the way
because you mark my words and i don't i don't take this lightly i wish him only the best i really
mean that but he is going to be we're going to be putting him in the ground i i can smell it you can
feel it you can sense it seldom i've seen anybody go from slim to enormous to to gigantic
the roley poli in such a short time i think last time i saw that was after i lost all i
weighed goldstein remember you lost all i weighed for about five minutes and he went from like
i don't know what two fifty to like four fifty it like overnight he just had a bad night and all
of a sudden he woke up the next morning at meet scale i'll get back to time jica believe me
ten pound and all our good friends and plantation ten past ten it's five sixty wqm here
this the lord even loves neo-rodger
ever wonder what happened to the british super group oasis there are lots of people thought they
finally run out of ways to rip off the beetles not even close oasis is back with a new cd that's like
nothing you've never heard before it's oasis don't let it be be not it
it's my way
oasis don't let it be gives you a chance to listen over and over again to incredible original songs like this
i'd like to be
meet the service of the ocean and eight on secret just cultivation that's with you
oasis don't let it be you'll move you it will scound you it will make john levin spin in his
great and that's a conclusion the love you see is directly portioned to the
and look for no galagher's new solo lp abbey highway on snetal records
all right let's be here then happy we'll all visit so anybody think meltor may belong on the front
the page is death no the herald or any other news page see one thing they don't understand is that
time is kind of passing them by you know what i'm saying sometimes i feel like time is passing
them by at the herald meltor may like only old farts remember meltor may that's number one and
number two uh most of us old farts didn't like him in the first place and his chestnuts roasting on
a guy they open fire okay we're already sick of those die of those old chestnuts okay they're rotten
you can smell them from a million miles away already take your chestnuts stick them in a box and
have a great to sleep okay have a great dirt and ab meltor may go away he was fat he was a good guy
you know i guess i guess all of his good friend was uri luis who it couldn't have been too good
so tom jicca says i'll get to this yeah but he's my good buddy tom
by the way that picture at tom i mean i know we're all getting a little bit older and i have seen
you not that long ago but that picture that's bad i'd sue the sun sentinel before you get your last
check i would sue their ass for that picture anyway a question these are this is on the question
answer page at tom jicca every about every six weeks gets my name in there somehow and thank god
for your time you're the only guy left in this town that'll put my name in the paper not that it
does any good but nevertheless can't hurt that terry jackson ass holo well i guess he's supposed
to be the tv writer over there the hill memory wrote on the whammy thing about how embarrassing
that station was and how great it was that i finally got off of there and by the way everybody
and their brother the people that still come up everybody that i talked to saw the shawan whammy
everybody i'm at the airport in terranda last night at piercing international air
port near a bunch of kids and uh you know some adults uh the coaches or whatever kid the hockey team
of twelve thirteen year old kids they watch the shawan whammy i mean they're in black most of the
time they're in school when the show is under in the daytime but they know me from whammy
how do you like that i'm at the airport going up friday night and there's a couple of the
portors who work there near port big fans of mine what happened that tv show god we sure missed that
no we don't we don't miss the fact yo well you don't see you know i was thinking this the other day
before i get back to tom jicca you watch how long it takes me to milk this thing now i was thinking
well it's monday i've got a whole new tactic for monday but i was thinking the other day all these
people that you have problems with and then i take the fallout like i'm a miserable son of a
bitch i'm a nice guy you're a prick okay look at these people there's an example fat show
yeah now i realize that he was in there with you farting and belching and puking and uh being
obnoxious and sticking to join out he was a very nice guy but very obnoxious yeah i wouldn't keep
it as bad yeah he still is fat nice guy i love the party with the guy yeah but as far as having
him in your room y'all can all day long no but we miss run yes run was a good run was a good guy
he was quiet he wasn't a blah blah blah no he was quiet he went about his business that is
young to miss rob's fiance rissa miss Stephanie lips mmm rob rob rob is a good guy you know but just
the little two silly for me you know i'm saying kind of a silly guy i'm a yeah i got your lips
right over here sweetheart well that was her rob and miss david swaris he was a good guy he didn't
know he wasn't uh yanta pop pop pop pop pop pop pop me i like that we miss dany's feet
from whammy dandy from whammy and that's it you know he was say we'll head its moments but uh this
listening audience they don't want anything to do with that show they don't want any part of it
they already heard it the first time which goes to improve what i said about those those tapes
Nobody wants to hear it a second time, okay?
They can repeat it by rote.
They can repeat it to chapter and verse.
There's nothing like hearing somebody talking about a ballgame that happened six months ago.
That's timely.
It's crap is what it is.
But the whammy thing was just, I don't know, put a bit on a real station with people
who really knew what they were doing and not many less.
That could have been, it could have gone over.
And if we could add a few brawls, few fist bites.
What we needed on that show were naked people and fist fights.
That's what we needed.
That's the secret for success.
And maybe you're like in a background pictures of plane crashes, stuff like that.
That's what you have to have sex and violence, violence and sex.
Then it might have gone over.
Because who the hell wanted to see some old fadju with the yarmulcon every night for half
an hour?
You know what I'm saying?
So anyway, Tom Jicke says, well, first here's the letter and again it's from plantation.
Maybe today we'll have a call from plantation from somebody who likes to show you.
Think so?
No.
No, they hate me in plantation.
Like poison.
Maybe because I've lived there for the last, how long have I lived there?
Seven and a half.
Over 10 years.
Long time.
Oh, but wait a minute.
See, I'm digressing them all over the place.
It's not only fat Joe, but it's like Bob McKay.
I only saw the man once and I saw the man from Kiss program director of our sister country
knows to convey.
He came in downstairs on the second floor.
His hair piece fell off and he ran out.
I saw him for like five seconds one day.
The only time I ever saw the man, you tell me he's an asshole.
I think he's an eyed guy.
He's a great guy.
Which is had a little wrinkle one day.
Yeah.
And who else is in that category?
Does somebody else that you hate like poison?
That I don't even know.
I don't know.
Well, there was a whole series of names that came to mind.
I was thinking about it on a plane last night, which goes to Sherrywood, a boring trip
unless they've been coming back.
And you want to know why I was boring because I was coming back here.
Oh, God.
You know, people ask me, why you're always running on the way to Loth's house, Vegas last
weekend, Toronto this weekend.
And you want to know why I have such a great play at time being in all these places because
I'm not here.
Yeah, but what do you do there?
Well, whoever I can't.
But I had a great time because I'm not here.
Just even if I just sat in a hotel and looked out the window and opened up the window and
smelled the stale air.
Oh, boy.
It was hot up there yesterday.
It was 89 and real humid.
It made me realize, you know, you know, when it's great up north, like in the spring and
in the fall.
But in the summertime, man, the humidity, it's unbelievable.
All these snowboards that go schlepping back up there.
What's the big picnic up there in June and July and August, huh?
89 degrees.
It felt like 109.
And today I watch in CBC this morning.
She said it's going to be 32 in Toronto and feel like 41.
That's Celsius.
32 is what, like 93, something like that.
Well, no, what is that?
You don't know what that means?
I don't have my conversion chart on me.
Well, 24 is 75, 20 is 68.
Come on, get with it.
I can't do math.
And you know, it is a question of doing math.
It's a question of knowing the numbers on the scale.
There's not a mathematical progression.
I don't go to Canada that day.
Why not?
To make those countries.
Yeah, you're too pasty to be going up there.
They don't like Cubans up there that much.
Now they have like a, uh, a spick town up there in Toronto.
About two blocks.
About two blocks.
And I think that's enough to be honest.
Davey says Canada sucks.
Why is that?
Have you ever been there to Toronto?
And you thought it sucked?
Based on what?
Oh, that's right.
They don't like Cubans.
Well, what didn't you like about it?
What is there?
What could anybody possibly not like?
What?
It's too clean.
Oh, it's too clean.
That's right.
He grew up here.
He likes the schmutz.
He likes spilt.
He likes, you know, wallowing in sewage up to his armpits.
Great.
And you're in the perfect spot for it.
Too clean.
Too antiseptic.
The subway runs on time.
It works too good.
You can get all around the city.
No problem at all.
People are friendly.
They speak to you.
You're American dollars worth.
Oh, by the way, can I talk about the change guy there?
I better not do this because I, you know, I keep making all these famous celebrities out
of people who aren't celebrities.
There's a change place up there.
There's a young guy.
There's a family that runs the series.
And being a world class city like it is all over downtown.
There's places to exchange currency.
Unlike Miami, which only at the airport, which is a major ripoff, is there any place
else can, the saw grass in the airport?
Is there any place else that you can tell me where they changed currency in his town?
No.
So that shows you right there.
It's not a world class city.
But anyway, so there's a family that, this is their business.
Is these currency exchange?
They've got like two or three of them downtown.
And they're like, now, see, I always say Middle Eastern.
Pakistan is not Middle Eastern, is it?
Wouldn't you say Eastern?
Pakistan.
Huh?
Because what are the, but I always refer to that.
But Indian Pakistan is like Eastern, not Middle Eastern.
Middle Eastern is like your Arabs and your Israelis and your Turks and your Saudi Arabian.
Like I said, Arabs.
But anyway, there's a tremendous number of Pakistanis and Indians in Toronto.
There are people from all over the world.
It's a real multicultural city unlike this place, which is just a bunch of people who refuse
to speak English.
So they call it a multicultural city.
So anyway, they have these currency places.
And there's this one young guy who's, I'd say, about 20 years old, maybe early 20s who
works.
He's like the head he does the most of the work in the end time you go in there to exchange
currency, which haven't been doing for years.
He's in there.
Now I don't want to say that this is the best looking person I've ever seen in my life.
See, there he goes again on this kick.
Well, I'm just telling you, I want to make him famous.
I want you when you go up to Toronto to change your currency with this guy.
And very friendly, too, by the way, he's from Milwaukee.
What's a guy from Pakistan?
I don't know, Pakistan, India.
I don't know what he's back.
He's dark.
You know what I'm saying?
Like dark, not black dark, but whatever that Eastern dark.
You know what I'm talking about?
Now I think...
I think...
Gandhi dark.
Not that dark.
And the next time I go there, what I'm going to do is change $500.
But I'm only going to do it $10 at a time, huh?
Which gives me an excuse to go in here 50 times the first day.
But anyway, how did I get off?
I'm just fond of that because I'm trying desperately to think of all these people
that you hate and I don't really care about.
There's several of them because you're the hard-ass.
I'm just...
You know, I'm a very easy-going guy.
I like everybody, generally speaking, especially if they look good.
Oh, geez, I got into a break.
I'll get to that Tom Jicke thing in a minute.
We love Tom Jicke.
We love our friends in plantation, even G-E-F.
They always put the initials of the letter writer, never the name in these letters, you know,
that Tom puts in there.
And for obvious reasons, to protect the guilty.
I don't know what the G-E-Stand for.
I'll come up with something good, but F must stand for FART as an old fart.
26 after 10 at 560 WQA.
I can't get for the day to gather to tell where it is.
She won't touch a penis.
Shacety, I'm grieving.
It's so hard and believing.
Cause it's really lots of fun.
Today the guy is really hungry.
I can't believe he's laughing.
I feel like I'm laughing.
You must be something wrong that you gave.
I really don't know where I went wrong.
I can't believe he's laughing.
I feel like I'm laughing.
I really don't know where I went wrong.
Maybe he hurts something I somehow.
I'm feeling the change already.
1032 at 560 WQA.
First of all, G-E-F in plantation rights.
Your article on neo-Rongers and Howard Stern was most enlightening.
I've never understood their appeal.
Evidently, a segment of the male population is never progressed beyond their juvenile tendencies.
Just contrast Ed Kaplan and Rogers.
Kaplan is well spoken, knowledgeable, positive, free of racial or cultural bias,
informative and very entertaining.
Rogers has grammatically challenged, uninformed, negative, racially and culturally biased,
that appeals to the intellectually challenged at an adolescent level.
Our culture must reflect the audience that makes Rogers and Stern unbeatable.
Sign G-E-F in plantation.
Answer from Tom Jicca.
On behalf of Neil, let me thank you profusely.
You've given him an entire program, maybe a week of shows,
to rant that I made up this lever, never in the letter, never have never Willie says,
to pay tribute to Kaplan.
It's no secret that Ed and I have become friends over the years.
I almost didn't print your letter because of that.
However, that would be unfair, too.
But I'll refrain from comment on Ed.
For the record, you're wrong about a lot of things you say about Neil.
He's extremely intelligent and informed.
He took his program in the direction he has, because listeners respond to it better than they did,
to the informative issue-oriented programs he did for many years,
being a babysitter for old farts.
Occasionally, when something major happened, he reverts.
Either way, he's one of the most entertaining people to ever work in this market.
Obviously, he's not for everyone.
Says my close-ball friend, Tom Jicca.
Thank you, Tom.
How do you like that?
And what do you mean one of?
Huh?
How do you like that?
One of the most.
Oh, I guess he wasn't going to comment about Ed.
I mean, I'm not in the same league with Ed Kaplan, am I?
No.
No.
I mean, Ed's a good guy.
Boring, but he's a good guy.
And why is he boring?
Because he's tired.
See, I don't know if Ed Kaplan could be interesting talking about other things.
But he's got a gambling show at 10 o'clock at night.
He'll be on tonight after the ball game.
Until we hours of the morning, until the last game is played.
Why does he stay on till the last game is over with?
For the gamblers, of course.
He's got a sports-slash gambling show, which is why he does the show from a high-life,
from the dog track, from the princess casino, from the hero in there,
and all these places, all of these things.
And because he talks about sports, obviously it can't be very interesting.
With all due respect to the format here at QAM, sports talk is very, very,
I mean, coma-inducing.
It's boring.
I think it might be interesting if we had, in fact, next year on April Fool's Day,
I got a great idea.
Let's let the cat out of the bag right now.
We'll promote it. Make a big deal out.
They'll never go along with it, though, because they're so insecure.
Oh, gee, you're going to tick our sports away for one day. We'll never make it.
How about April Fool's Day next year?
They come on in the morning and announce that we've changed the format.
We're going like all serious talk, and that everybody on the station on that day
talks about anything and everything except sports.
Huh?
Isn't that a great concept on April Fool's Day?
Who would be able to accomplish that besides Hank?
Oh, I think in Kaplan, you could probably talk about a lot of other things besides sports.
Like maybe the track. Oh, that's right, that's sports.
The company that is a shot, but I've heard Hank talk about the other stuff.
Oh, Hank can talk about anything, right?
I'd much rather Hank talk about stuff other than sports.
Because that's, and by the way, how come everybody was ripping Hank and ASI?
I want, because I know Hank is back, he'll be on two o'clock today from Shulas.
I want to make sure Hank knows, and I'm sure he's already heard about it.
The last Thursday and Friday for whatever reason after these horrible trends came out,
the audience decided to blame Hank for it and just to launch into a
all-out attack, a verbal attack on Hank. Why that is, I'm not really sure.
I just think that he ought to know that, just in a confuel.
If he doubted that he was back home, make sure he knows it, because that's how they are here.
You could be on for 100 years. You could become the nicest guy in the world.
Well, of course, he'd a lot of be the nicest guy I need to do why.
But they just ripped him a big fat smelly ass here on Thursday and Friday, on and off, off and on.
So anyway, and the headline says, Neil Rogers entertains the atomic train didn't,
and because the second letter is about Tom's skating review of the Atomic Train mini-series on NBC,
and here's a picture of Rob Blow, and does he ever?
And Tom basically said, the series sucks, and this letter, where he's very upset.
Neil Rogers entertains the atomic train didn't, which is why it's history.
Is the headline here.
Nice going, Tom. Thank God for Tom Jicca.
And thank God for my late personal friend Bill Cosberg from the Hero.
There was a guy that appreciated that at my show, because he was bright enough to understand it,
to know what was all about.
And he had some nerve dying at the, how old was he? Like, he wasn't even 40, wasn't he?
Like right around. Boy, what a good guy he was.
What the hell was he doing the wasting his time in this town?
And now, see, most of the people are writing the newspapers here.
Like, oh, John Grogens, you read his going away, calm, in the, in the Sun Central this morning?
Sucked. Really weak, okay? It's enough to make me say, even though about once every six months,
you wrote something that made sense and took a little bit of balls.
Good luck to you, John. Wherever you're going.
Pretty weak, pretty lame.
Like here we have the Belmont and the big charismatic story and the Chris Antley story and the Wayne Lucas story and all.
Everything that went along with it on Saturday, tragedy, and what does Eddie Pope write about?
Another stupid Jimmy Johnson story.
Just what we need is another stupid goddamn Jimmy Johnson story.
Eddie DePope rhymes with dope.
So, you know, supposed to be a major sports writer.
And he's writing about some stupid Jimmy Johnson story, the first we can June after the Belmont stakes and all the other stuff that went along with it.
So typical of this town. It's so, it's definitive right there.
What you see right there is what this place is all about.
So what do you don't like my idea?
Having them do all serious talking at the, I mentioned Joe Rose could talk about something besides sports, huh?
He could talk about something besides sports.
I'd love to hear a man to join there talking about stuff.
You know, like, oh, and by the way, he said teats again on Friday.
Well, he didn't pronounce it that way. Yeah.
Nice going, Jimmy.
Oh, yeah.
I never, I mean, somewhere in the FCC bylaws, there must be a thing though that if you were a dumb jock,
or like if you're doing a sports show, you can say all of these things.
But the other of these perverts like Neil Rogers, they can't say those words.
But if you're doing a sports show, you can say all of these things.
As many times as you want, like teats and whatever else he said.
21 before 11 at 560 WQM1.
560 WQM has no shame starting this Monday.
It's the OJ Simpson Glen Hill and Super Day Super Edition.
All right.
It's 10 a.m. Monday through Friday, only on sports Fag Radio.
WQM.
Now.
All right.
Four years ago, you gave me your nominations to be by the front.
This is a sunflower.
I've been watching you doing that.
Macarena on television.
And if I could have your silence, I would like to demonstrate for you the outdoor virtue of the Macarena.
Macarena.
Macarena.
Macarena.
Would you like to see it again?
No.
Macarena.
Macarena.
Macarena.
When your alarm goes off in the morning, Macarena.
And one of your children reaches for serial and proof, Macarena.
Macarena.
Macarena.
Macarena.
Macarena.
Macarena.
Macarena.
Newcastle fan smart joke.
It's 25 at five.
Now, this is about Chicken drums or pianos.
There is another one floating in the front.
And one who speaks for hand and ear.
you didn't see that i must have missed it how could you know you didn't see the
video that
you haven't seen the book you saw the Britney Spears video that one
but i must have uh... been looking away to get the crotch picking uh...
the scene only thought the one time
no i didn't see the crotch well i'm sure that if you will watch that video
again you'll notice very carefully that uh... you know usually this thing
when you would miss this
talk about a sexist uh... world it is it see with it if i forgot was like
rearranging his private what they show that no first night
they wouldn't put that on a video
what's coming next week
rock with the they have a rookie martin looking for his private and of course
with no success searching
don't get started on a rookie martin okay
don't get started you know
he's hotter than a pistol a matter where you go in the world everywhere you
go there is ricky martin can think for sure but they don't make any
difference to anybody
here's a fact that says mel torme was an arrogant asshole other phony pain in
the ass
like all the stuff that'll come out about that jackass bob hope was never ever
said anything
funny in his life absolutely correct as a complete piece of crap and his
one foot in the grave already is only what a hundred eighty five
you're right
more height bob hope no talent no humor no comedy never said anything funny
this whole guy damn life
all these old fossils and mel torme was one of them you're absolutely right
i'll tell you another one who's been dead a long time and deserve to be
was peter lawford
there's another piece of crap we just think around because he was married to
one of the kennedy
and used to uh... you know
get uh... jf k and bobby lead all the time like with maryland Monroe
and what about peter lawford's uh... involvement there in maryland's death
anybody got any opinions on that
no not that i want to talk about
all of the way there's a book that came out
uh... what's the name of it i was reading the review yesterday in one of the
Toronto papers
uh... by joseph banana junior
you know joseph anandas from the mob the old man who's still alive by the way
and this is like an expose i don't understand that
based on what i read
which i have to get that book immediately not maybe somebody out there
knows the name of that book okay by joseph banana junior
not that the Italians were involved in the mob the citizens but
trash freedman
there's another example of somebody you hate
that i don't have any uh... feelings about one way the other not that i want
to see them don't get it wrong
he said in your chair contemptuously also
what do you mean by that content what do i mean content when i have to
nicely how do you sit in a chair contemptuously how do you do that when i
expressed
our desire that he not fit in either one of these chairs
he went in immediately and put his bad ass in the back of the day there i'm
sitting on it
i'm not breaking it
in your chair yeah
and then to me
well i'm i suppose to hate him for doing that
and then to me when i left him a little note in the i never spelled him
he's old
theatrical on smelling people which you have a lot of you do but i'm i never
smelled him i never smelled the fact you know that you spend a significant
amount of time around it thank god to anadrian or you know i know do i care to
his and oh
see and i'm not one of those people in and just like you know my good friend
rumor who i grant you was a tough uh... tough person to find out
he's uh... uh...
but once you get to know me to good guy he means well you know he's uh...
annoying at best
and uh... extremely annoying at worst but nevertheless and you hate him like
poison
not a yes you don't stop now that that the audiences like that wonderful
the audience and belly flops to do a collective belly flop laugh at a
rass off because they know you're full of crap
all right i hate him like poison
i don't hate him anymore than anybody else in this building does
you
yeah
it's pretty widespread i don't think the word hate is so much as paranoia
like default
depot doesn't hate him he just paranoid and hate them but that's the reason why
because people being so insecure and fatten as old age always has had this
psychotic paranoia that i'm you know going to go out to try to get my friends
job do i try to get my friends jobs
i gave that up years ago i made bad bad mistakes
with bill calder and stand major bill calder was a talent stand major was just
generally a uh... uh... uh... pain in the ass don't forget last year
he was no friend of mine
well you got a job i got a job because of the time he was he was doing a good
job on gps you know you were even around in those days
i'm a temp of thing we called him on the air he was on the beach in davenport
yeah
and he still he's still on a fc night had to go and mention him
jesus christ
which i do hate him like poison
can't stand him
no talent fat
poppies peace of turd
terminal and depressing
that's one thing i've always said about him just the sound of his voice could
put you into a com or make you want to blow your brains out
but don't start your senior started i'd rest now you send it off into people
and i don't even hear anymore
i have a lot of bird you have a good run counter you hate it on the show
and he was obnoxious by the way to everyone around i don't know if you notice that
he was never obnoxious to me
no kidding
uh...
yeah
and he didn't know if he's still alive he was not here
we don't have a lot of time
yeah i'll show that that comes that comes across is so insincere you wish him
nothing but the very best what does that mean
i mean that it wanted to croak and i hope that he has a pleasant life but uh...
i want to hear him on the air
yeah
all the female co-workers could stand in the
because he was a latch
he was a latch and he would like fall on people on purpose right well he
at least i don't think that i just go and write it they were the female
but he's not the only one that ever played that game
who's excuse me
he could clear a hallway for a lot of other than how to do that on the
queens day and i'm still in four hundred thousand beautiful young people out
there in the street i kept sliding and falling in the getting squeezed i was
squeezing it
well hey the press the pressure of human flesh you know
you got to move somewhere
but we can make a long list of all these people that you have despised and hated
and then i'm the one takes the aircraft not that i really care see i don't care
people think i'm an asshole or what they think i never have cared and i never
will but it's just
i don't mind getting blamed for you know what is my thing but i think it
blame for your thing then i uh... well you don't think it goes the other way
like ten times as much like what every time you rip somebody i get beat i have
to hear about it i have to be either cry or get out i rip somebody like who
who do i have to go to the point whoever
whoever i have to go to the air she over here in the afternoon
who have i ever heard
now do you hear from that bitch you don't hear from no not anymore see i did i had
those two or three calls at home from my best post personal
talent with friend who latched on to me like some kind of a uh... bloodsucker
like a leech
see when you've had a certain amount of success there's all these people are
like latched on just like those never used to use leeches back in the 20s and
30s
secure illnesses
the suck it out of you so to speak
lot of bloodsucker
call me up at home like that of course it's my own fault for giving out my
number
why do i get or maybe it was on the uh... list at the station it's probably it
calling me up like i wanted to talk to her like she's like she belongs in this
business
all the only reason i came down here was because of you
yeah right like i'm supposed to feel guilty about that i guess i do i feel
guilty
like it's my fault that she's got no talent and that she's unlistable and is a
real poor man's randy roads
i mean say that poor and i would be like being a poor man's melt or may you know
the poor man's randy roads you know i mean
how's jim doing by the way
so i can't believe you haven't seen the britney as fierce picking uh... her
crotch video that's uh... embarrassing something for you to read the work on
well i just i'm never gonna get you all the stuff today you people on the phone
you wait wait uh... you know
we had a lady from indiana on her time i'm sorry but i i got a lot of stuff to
talk about today which doesn't happen very often
but i have a lot of crap i have to get with
try the mobile and highly hello
you know i i i i i i i i i was trying to
great
still there
yeah yeah i'm from there and i really
miss the place i gotta get back there but anyway listen
the book is called bound by honor right and it's written by bill bonano the son of
uh... joe banana
and it doesn't really you know kind of sugarcoats the mob and then it's really
yeah sugarcoats the mob a bit
and at the end it has this thing regarding the canadi's how the mob till the
canadi actually revealed the shooter and so on and so forth
it's okay
maybe i'll just go in the store and sit sit around and have a cappuccino and
read it you know and put it back on the shelf
yeah i would like to buy it i mean if you like mob stories and obviously i think you do
it's it's gonna leave your hanging uh-huh and the book too okay
thank you okay i'll see you at the eating center
all right before they go out of business
okay so there we go there's the load on the net bound by honor by bill bonano
who is the son of joe banana is his ninety four years old and still alive by the
way they hit him with five shots and he's still alive
this morning on cnbc they were doing uh...
chokernan and uh... what's it then they were they were doing uh... quotes from the
godfather was great
somebody was named the CEO of some company or uh...
assistant CEO and i said he's gonna be the consul year in the we do all these
lines in the godfather it was great anybody would taste love the godfather if
you haven't seen the godfather you don't even you haven't even begun to discover
life yet okay
just stop and think of all the lines all the scenes all the material just
forget about two and three just from godfather one
they shot somebody on the causeway he did
i mean just i i could i might i might just do that one day
maybe i'll do that next day for first remember somebody i've got it at home
somebody sent me the whole dialogue the script of the godfather
i might just read the whole thing on here next uh... april one
we'll make copies in two parts we'll get some people in yeah that's a good idea
i have a great idea who can play luca bratsi
depot oh yeah by next April first easily
oh yeah we got to get to the godbizness to Larry Johnson scored a winning basket
for the mix and a la did it which i didn't see that because i pay no attention
to that's go ball but a la did it and then of course uh... poor crescently and i
care as maddox story what it is that's around saturday disaster stay at the
bellmont
chris antley's uh... possibly save the horse from uh... maybe even worse life
threatening injuries and certainly save them from worsening to be by holding
his foot there in the stretch
but then he's got to go on tv and understand he's distraught and he's emotional and
i have no problem with that but uh... if god would have wanted us to win the day we
would have won
you
see there's a lesson for you gamblers out there god doesn't bet eight to five
okay
god don't take eight to five shots
four minutes before eleven at five sixty wq m
my
i
k
and
co
lake
and
in
uh...
cards
Robert doesn't know play, try a minute, use a lick, slow dose, keep low,
RoboSelves a secret, style a motion, poultry, raising their tag and that plate takes back
A neckstick, that gets a cat, night, Tom Hylata, physical and territorial,
So Ryan can receive a set, Paul Rieze, a night world, try a minute, fix and tell
By the machine, their magic, self, their medicine, don't be a nutrient,
And always your walls, with blood names, a day they give me to the black day
Do they think it's no help, bro?
Here you look for names at the drug store
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, why do they think it's like to give a kid so someday?
With all the data tell finding
Happy Call of the world, three, two, one,
For Wella, we be looking for something fancy
It's 11.03 at 5.60 WQAM
Yeah, that God crap again, weird, it's ugly head over the weekend
First of the basketball game with Larry Johnson, he gets the four-pointed there
Miraculously at the end of the game to tie it in and win it with the Afritro
Four-pointed win the game and of course A la, ba ba ba ba ba
And then Chris Antley with Charismatic, if God, I mean, you know, I'm all on your side, Chris
Nobody seems to like you like Hank said, you've got that he be gd look in your eyes
There's something there we don't trust, everybody seems to think you know
That this guy's gonna fall back off the wagon in any second
And of course now after the disaster on Saturday, I'm sure a lot of people are just waiting
Exactly for the next load to go up you old nose, you know what I'm saying?
They're just waiting counting the seconds before he falls off the wagon
And I'm thinking well here's a good story, okay?
Here's a kid that came back, did a great job. It's like a fairy tale story, part of that expression
And then the horse breaks down, you know
And of course Wayne Lucas, did he ever have a horse that didn't break down?
No, he's, you know, got a little problem there Wayne
I don't want to go into the details but nevertheless
And so there's Chris Antley, you know, falling off the horse falling on his ass and he runs over and grabs his leg
And holds it up so it doesn't put his weight on it and the band comes out and takes him off
And he had the surgery yesterday and he's gonna be fine. He's going out to stud and etc and so on
But why, you know, here's Charles C. Cantey on there
940-year-old Charles C. Cantey, who never saw a freight train, we love her
And she gets him on the air and tears are rolling down his cheeks and he's going through the thing
Well, if God would have wanted us to win today
See that's why we can't get that goddamn war over in Yugoslavia
That's why we can't stop the bombing in Ireland
That's why the Pakistanians and Indians are dropping bombs on each other
And by the way, keep in mind they got the nuclear weapons over there now
Because God doesn't have time for that crap. Don't you understand? Don't you get it?
Huh?
God can't be bothered with little crap like that
That's why God didn't interfere in Colorado at Columba High School
He can't be bothered with stuff like that
That's why when that girl had martyr when she said, oh yes, I believe it got a
Hitler crap away, okay? Because God didn't have time for Cassie, whatever her name was, Bruno
Wouldn't that her name?
Something like that
He didn't have time for that. He's busy worrying about ball games
And of course Greg Reed says, all right, that's the way it should be
Because that's our mentality around here. I'm going to tell you it's the only time I ever worked in the radio station
Where the general manager comes to work with a jockstrap on every day
Is that embarrassing and part of our sales staff too? Yeah, where's the jockstrap?
Yes, who am I think she wears one?
Big one. No, not a jockstrap
Kind of like what did you why did you keep hiding that?
Hey, I keep moving around. I don't know what you're talking about
I still was playing with it last time I saw it. How about the
Plastic one. He was running all around the building chasing people around. Yeah, with his big plastic
Yeah, he only wishes big black. Yeah, his big black thing
I heard that Joe is hung like a butterfly by the way. I heard all the growth went to the nose is what I heard
But I get the Italian way, you know
So anyway speaking of growth, they had this they have it they had it's going on still
What I'm having trouble to do you want no one because I got off that plane
Gay days less controversy it says right there in the front of the Sun sent on here's a picture of these screaming queens on there
And you know something see I used to be one of those people for all up until today as a matter of fact, but I'm doing a quick turn around so to speak
I was always opposed to this crap all these gay pride parades and all his gay days at the Disney which is kind of like an oxymoron
You know or as it redundant something like that
Every day is gay day. It is me, but I was always against that because I thought this you know
Just reinforces the ugly stereotype of all these silly swishy mencing queens, you know
But you know something now I like it because it pisses off the glam. That's why I like it
It pisses off all these phony baloney in the closet pseudo intellectual right wing Christians. Okay. We're probably busy drilling glory holes right now
That's right. They're doing it for old glory. Hallelujah
It says the event began eight years ago simply with a note posted on a computer message board at first only a smattering of people turn out board
But as opponents launched boycotts of Disney and organized protests against it the event continued to grow even at fag neo-rodgers like it now
How do you like that is what it says now it encompasses four amusement parks in Orlando it lasts for five days
Organizers say it draws them in these a hundred thousand people
And you want to know the name of the guy
Who started gay days at Disney wait till you hear this you better sit down folks. I'm telling you right now
I learned this myself almost I almost spit my coffee out of Florida. I don't even drink coffee. I'm a spit it out
It's annoying that someone is unable to just let people have a good time says Doug swallow. Oh my gosh
Organizer of gay days
Are you ready for this no, I didn't think you would be
Exactly
You know my motto winning doubt spit it out, but not Doug his name is Doug swallow
That has to be he had to make that up to me huh
It really is taken on a life of its own swallow said
Haha
There's just something about that. I'm sorry. It just uh, I don't know. It rubs me the wrong way so to speak
gay day organizer Doug swallow
Man and that goes on I'll get another thing about the bitch there from where was she from from Boston yeah from Boston
Came down to Boston with her kids. She was all bad under shape two bad sweet heart
Okay, get used to it get with it. We'll see you on church street in Toronto. We'll see you in like any real city in the world
Where the guys are walking around holding hands. We'll see you down there on south beach. I bet they're holding it on south beach
I'll bet you they are they're holding it right now
Nine minutes after 11 at 560 wqm. We got
You
In the
F.A.G.
The F.A.G
Whoo
Yeah, the F.A.G.
In the
F.A.G.
Just like that off my chair. Oh
Gay guys got your back remember of that because that's where we're looking for love. It's where you're cracked back
The better shall buy me F.A.G. I got love facial hair
Been a lezzies that don't make fun don't poke your nose at the queer cake boy lifestyle like Joe
Stop your gay jokes and start being silent as you might get a taste of homosexual violence
We don't play your butt my target like a dog in the territory
But when you see us with a ray of hands on we're just tying the pockets everyone in our hands on
We love the F.A.G.
We're the F.A.G.
It's so
You know
I don't you forget it
Really all kind of hardest wall
Let me see you just friends with me just friends with me now slide. Oh right there. Let me see you do some white bend
Perfect
Lift
Now look at you went and did oh I got a white
Oh
Tell
Okay, love
You know
Anyway, it's 1115 at 560 WQM the handgoal brochure from sureless day two at two o'clock
We got talking baseball with Donald Z Brennan at six pregame show at six thirty orals at the marlins the marlins are right hot
They won five in a row is there any you can almost feel the interest building can't you
Joe costella wants free tickets for the Yankee games this weekend walking around here with his Yankee jersey on pretty embarrassing Joe
So anyway going back to this gay day thing in Orlando
Says in the week before gay days a coalition of conservative groups was rebuffed and it's a tent
They are anti gay advertisements on local television stations
The clearing that homosexuality is learned behavior that can be changed through religious faith here
We go again with a crazy religionists
The advertisements ran on four Christian stations instead talking about preaching to the choir
On Saturday two twin engines playing sputtered through the blue sky above the pointy spires of Cinderella's castle
With dueling messages hoping to grab the attention to the throngs below
And it goes on about the ten-year brown frowning at the small groups of men and women dressed in red and holding hands or kissing
She had come from Boston it is the world of a three children ages eight nine and eleven
We planned this is a special experience for the kids. She said they're spending the whole time asking me mommy
Why are those men doing that?
And probably mommy ought to say none of your goddamn business. Let's go, uh, you know in the a little world there
What do they call that thing? That little that no all world is a small boy. Yeah, it's small
See this it's small
Well, I bet you the glory hole consistent the real busy up there this week. Oh, man. Can you see that?
Those gigantic drilling sounds here all around the Orlando area up there
Oh, here's a call from Orlando right now. Hello
Hello, Dale. Yes, sir. This is Doug some Orlando. This isn't Doug swallow is it? Oh, yes, it is
All right, here's Doug swallow
Hi, Dale. I just want to call him. Thank you for your support of our event. I think it's great
I hope you piss all these glam off big time
Well, the reason we decided to do gay days was because of
Right in the middle of the park you might have seen there's a big silver ball. We didn't love it. It's just great
Yeah, and we're all wearing red
And we're crowding the local areas. We've got a lot of business to the Orlando area. They love this here of course
And the hotels are packed and we're packing them. I bet you are you're packing it. We're gonna hold it next year
We're gonna hold it every year and you have a lot of them. Yeah, we're gonna hold it
So let me ask you where oh the question that all america is wondering right now does Doug swallow
Oh, it's swallows
Yes
Sure he does
But the interesting part of the end of the article. Oh, this is in the Sun Sentinel bound here this morning
It says in 1998 dozens of protesters lined an access road to the park condemning the event
But on Saturday except for the banner on one that one airplane
Open protest that the park seemed to have vanished
Well, that's because we killed all the hells up here
Go
Okay, Doug well listen they're tracing the number and they'll be up to get you in about a half an hour
Oh, man. We love you. Okay. See you
That's Doug swallow
What from a calling all the way from Orlando he was checking it out. He's he does swallow too by the way
What he swallows okay? He's one of those guys at swallows and you like anal sex and all you know
I'm very I'm an old fart. Okay, I'm from the old school. I take whatever I can get five six seven oh five sixty
Pond five sixty on the AT&T wireless line and you'd be shocked
Yes, so here we are god is worried about the Belmont steaks and he's worried about the the nicks series there the basketball games
And oh jcobs with notoriety and isolation isn't that a shame?
Well here it is on the front page again
Wasn't bad enough. We had a read male tormate croaked on the front page of the arrow is if anybody really cared very much
But we also got to have this oh this obnoxious this anxious one on the front page of our
Newspaper with that look in our face with that arrogant smug look on his push
Simpson copes with notarine isolation
Who wasn't that was in here this morning talking about the laws in Florida? Who was that?
Duff was it bluff
No, Adam. Oh is Adam from ourselves department? That it's a little too cerebral for duff
Yeah, it was the Adam talking about the fact that a lot of these Florida laws of course make it easier for deadbeats like oh j to come down here to avoid the
Having to pay the court judgment, you know to the goldmins and the browns
Lot of deadbeats come down here to Florida. That's one of the reasons that so many people come here first
We have no state in contact. The number two there are a lot of laws that let you wriggle off the hook when it comes to all of these things that you're supposed to be paying
So that's why a lot of losers come to Florida
Work for me here's Miami. Hello. Anya good morning. Yes, sir. Hey
Quick thing
rehashon on your
Poppy vitch or whatever their name are brothers my brother and Jeff pop away. There we go. There you go
Poppa which one has the Tony?
No, no, but the last week in microphone. I went to day one more and
Basically we happened to walk by evercrumbian threats and I said hold on home because we're listening to your program
And there you are as soon as you walk in they're right there big big poster of them sitting together and let me tell you
I'm a straight guy. I'm very comfortable with what I am very secure and let me tell you they're very good looking guys
Yes, they are if I were Doug swallow I would do it
And see you agreed see you agree there were very good. I still would do them both. Yeah, hopefully the same time you have a very good taste
Okay, good bless you sir. Yep, and we believe you no problem. Okay
See and he didn't have to even bring out any pictures
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Yeah, always worry about those guys that always have to oh
Yeah, see here's a picture. Here's my girlfriend. Here's my other four or five other girlfriend
Here's my fiancee. Here's my and it turns out he's a guy from you know family with 10 kids and got eight sisters
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Just remember one thing real men don't have to prove it to anybody. Just keep that in mind, okay
They look at the mirror in the morning and they say now there's a real something here's Virginia Beach hello
I'm doing pretty good sir. I survived that gate is this weekend again although I'd go to to magic kingdom because it was it was absolutely
filled the capacity by 11 a.m. Yeah
Which is I guess record for Disney only beaten by a day six and Gades four. How do you like that? And then the Glamor stop
protesting how do you like that thing gave up probably the setting up stands and fell in
Pink triangle or something I saw them last year
It was a bunch of baptists and they were lying this one of three as you were entering the park and they were holding up all their wonderful fines and
And he went to screen back anyway
So it was it was funny because
They actually had one of the largest quizzes and did the history
So did the obvious you never got stopped doing this of course not. Why should they stop doing it? It's good for business
Right, and we went to our I see these good Christians are always threatening
They're gonna boycott this place and are gonna boycott Disney and are gonna get Howard off the air and are gonna get me off the air in the meantime
Everybody all of the above are making more money than ever before and
You know, it's just a handful of lumens to farting in a windstorm
It's funny because I mentioned to you before my mother and father were both heavily in the evangelical movement
In fact, I didn't dinner with the gram and it's funny because when my mother was young
The only thing I know about my mother's youth was my grandfather once told me that she was a party girl
You wonder if you know she went dokey and flipped out and freaked out
That born again. I don't know
Yes, I understand that so
Anyway, I just got a call and saying hello and then it wasn't it wasn't
I was pretty fucking hearing from Doug Swallow wasn't it? Yeah, we were you know my only driver with part of it is
You know, these guys that are running around and in fact, I think I'm almost reading something Freudian into it
We take one call from Doug Swallow and the next call is the guy with a Jeff Poppawage poster
And all ties fits right in together
Do you want me to drive by high this?
There's some of the some of the guys and some of the residents that were there
We're doing stuff out that you know was that range of good point and you know I don't care anymore
I don't care anymore. I don't care
I want to take mine if I want to take as a gay man want to take my nephews
I don't want to have these assholes around
You know making an incomprehensible thing. You're gonna be really speaking to me. Yeah. Yeah
And
Anyway, so
Oh, I'm gonna get my pounds and venture because every fence has got a million glory holes in it
Okay, thanks for the good news
Oh god five six seven I understand that they because
Looney tunes was where Woody Woodpecker come from I understand they borrowed him for the week
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen. Don't say Looney tunes because then Rosalind Cardo get all upset again
Isn't this the week we're supposed to be learning about crazy people something like that huh
Yeah, they had a big thing on it. It's a tip or go I think
Yeah, they want to be exactly crazy people because she used to be and was better. Oh she she's better
How can we tell she stopped trying to get all the music out of the record?
No, she's taking her medicine. Oh and guess what they showed again by the way speaking of crazy people and refore madness and all these other and about the
excuses that people make the scapegoats in a society
I've seen it about 50 million times
But what's this series that they're doing on CNN which is very interesting by the way
But who now can never figure out what it's on perspective is there something where they're doing this whole rundown of the 20th century
You know what I'm talking about and so they showed again. They were there in the 50s now
And they showed the thing with Elvis and with rock and roll and a whole bit and how they were breaking records
They were taking actual physical records and smashing them and talking about this degeneracy and about the end of the world and never stops
Everything's bad that ever happens. It's because of music
And the guy gets on her and he says well there's no question that this is a conspiracy to get to white man to
Adopt the taste of the nigger. He actually used the n-word as a matter of fact back then. This is back in the 50s
Oh, I guess it was okay to say nigger in the 50s. Oh yeah
How do you like that?
So the same old song and here we are 40 some years later and there's still oh it's
Maryland mansion and it's those video games and bubbles up there
I'm trying to put the same thing which you probably know that from my Alan tipper to
What now when the how do we make that slogan? You know tippy canoe and Tyler too
I can see this forming on the tip of my tongue this slogan, you know
If you vote for out you get tipper to something like that
Which is the sad part because that was a good guy even though he's his boring is dog crap
But she she's a crazy bitch
In fact, she ought to be talking about mental the most because she's an expert
That would be like Ed Kaplan doing a show on compulsive gambling
I'm sorry the pseudo intellectual ed Kaplan who's so much brighter than I am and so much more articulate is what it done said
See, I want to I want to talk to the level of the average schmuck out there. Okay
GeF and by the way did we get a call from plantation yet? No somebody that listens and likes to show in plantation
No, no 10 years. I live in plantation every call every letter from plantation negative including that chief of police that hates me like poison
Oh, you know about him that mums are bastard
Yeah, every every time somebody speeding in plantation. It's my fault somehow I had some to do with it
26 past 11 at 560 WQ MR could she the checker in his hand does you have
Irrigient problems then you need bd. I p
That's the black man's diagnostic in the galactic penicences to own on and on to the break it down
And the beats don't stop the box the pop TV the pop the pop pop you don't stop yes
Bd. I p the black man is a galactic penis as to do sometimes they want to go long
As strong and you want to get the friction on listen up my brothers and this is a linear service
If you can't get your tally don't whack her if you can't get your up jump to boogie
To boogie to boogie to bang bang go right now toll three born and hundred my penis
That's born eight hundred
M-Y-P you
And if it's just and given out of it
You need bd. I p now
Called to date. I still am a lake of my style of neck roll
This one goes out to all the whole
So what does that mean he's not there talk about him on the area you might be listening oh Jeff Cohen is not there
I'm a pizza lot. Well if he doesn't call it in the next five minutes
We're gonna get lunch from someplace else and then he won't get those great free plugs
Now we always give Jeff Cohen at the pizza lot
We don't have time to patch you around here. Okay. I mean, you know, he's supposed to be on call
Well, he's probably out getting laid
Here's Miami. Hello
Yes, sir. How you doing mr. Oh, no, okay. Yeah, so I didn't get a chance to watch the users more than I was listening to your show
And you were talking about the lesbians and the um
The faggot so I would like to know why do you why or what are they doing at Disney World?
What are they doing? They're having a good time just like everybody else know the purpose for the purpose
What are they doing there are they're irrelevant? Are they why is there a relevant why they are they are a relative right
Yeah, they're all over they're all related Adam Steve. They're all related. They're all kin to gontamer's poffa
Yeah, you know what my input on that what is that nasty? Yeah, I don't I don't want I'm no no sense to um
Every what the bags yeah, no sense to the fact it's an illusion, but damn how could you feel comfortable with on the same sex?
Stupid yeah, not that I'm religious or whatever, but they
But are you you just don't get it doing now just don't get it you right all right then thank you very much
Hey listen some of us don't get it enough either
Okay, he just don't get it because he'd be you know out of the loop so to speak he's out of the fruit loop he don't get it
See I always look at this way who gives a crap
56705 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line and maybe he don't get it because maybe he'd be ugly you know that could be it
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yeah, hello Neil. Yes, sir. I was up there this weekend with the kids in the line
We're just overrun with Orlando stuff here today all the stuff I talked about for an hour and a quarter
And all I want to talk about is bag the adusney world yes, sir
Well, I've got to tell you we got up there on 30 didn't even know anything was happening until Saturday right and I wasn't even until Saturday night
It was a great weekend to go all the rides empty, you know, it was great
It was great for the kids and nobody cared
The rides were empty
Well, it wasn't long or the the weights were short
Got to tell you it was a good weekend to go just ignore the rest, you know, mm-hmm. It was it was good
Just want to let you know who really cares
Hey, yes, actually who gives a crap as long as everybody's having a good time everybody had a good time
No signs no problems. It was it was a great time lovely. Thank you
Hey, thank you. I'll come back. See he had a good time. No big deal no big song at a dance note
No, no even protesting anymore. See that's the way you do it in the beginning the Graham cut carry on and do a big song
And then they move on to bigger and better stuff
We're gonna have one call on the board when I didn't want to take any calls when I was on that roller for an hour
There were eight million calls on there on and off and they wouldn't wait and now well. Well, it's Monday
You know, that's why I went on for an hour and a quarter because I had good stuff you guys you got nothing
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line like I said you get off that plane in MIA and you walk through that jet way and oh
All of a sudden the sick nauseous feeling over comes you and you say oh no this can't possibly be happening to me
Especially last night plank comes in a 10 30 from Toronto and
You go from gate G12 there, which is where that plane always takes off and leaves from the same gate
And you have that long long walk past the past the Kizoli's pizza stand that nobody has ever manning by the way
Which that's not the real Kizoli's pizza anyway that stuff blows past the desolate everything is closed up
Now can you even begin to conjure up in your mind what's going on out there at that airport at that hour the night?
At 10 30 11 o'clock at night can you even begin in your wildest dreams?
Could even our goldstein begin to imagine what's going on at MIA in the wee hours of the morning 11 11 30 2 in the morning
I mean there everything is nailed shut the concession stand the magazine rack everything is closed up
The only things that are open I guess they're like the tea rooms
Here's sunrise hello. Hey, yes, sir. How you doing great? Yeah, did you read about a San Francisco?
I think they're gonna open up the bad houses for the home walls out there for the home. Oh, yeah
Why are you going you want to San Francisco? I'm just telling you so you get to have out of here. You complain so much
Uh-huh. I'm not going. I'm staying here just to keep you happy
You'd be psychotic if I left wouldn't you admit it a friend of mine took his family out there his wife and his kids
Where? Uh-huh. There isn't any way to remind you going to ride yeah, and you're on a ride and what was there?
It was two homos going on it. Yeah
Look like you and George
It was me and George
He's a closet home all he knows is he was Cuban. He's Cuban. He can't help it
I think I'm and what about you? Are you in the closet you're coming out? No, you're stepping on two out?
No, I think it's a natural stick that stick your face. Okay, other man. Okay. Thank you
Up another man's back home that it well that must have been the editor in new times
Yeah, thanks very much for the great that just excellent timing to by the way the good stereotypes that's good
Although I'll be honest with you after I hear all this anal stuff that I hear from all these great guys
It's all they want is that's it. That's all they want is that big
Brown eye
Remember even Van Morrison had remember that brown eye girl. We know what that song was about now back in those days
We were naive now we know what was all about big brown eye
I'm not gonna waste my time with anymore that we did what we did a
700 part series on that and all these heterosexual guys that want to do their girl friends their wives or both in the
Brackham and it just grossed my ass out
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello, and Neil God. Yes, sir is speaking
Back in the middle of deadville baby deadville this town is so frickin dead man
It's a good thing. I killed that hour and a quarter got only knows what I'm gonna do. They get go ahead
You're not lying my girlfriend and I were up in Disney World this weekend as well
And I'll tell you what I'll take I'll take a hundred thousand Sagan lesbians
over a hundred thousand snowy Germans any day of the way right and
That's that's my input for me to give you warning when crowd days coming by the way
That's I think in the middle of July all right, okay, take care and when spook they come in to by the way
Oh look out you get spooked on those rides wait because we already had a couple of dark-complexed listeners
Who are just upset you know or stand about black people are obsessed with homosexuality. They're just oh god
Huh they never got over a little Richard. I think that was the hard tough cross for them to bear they couldn't bear it drugs and rock and roll
Made him gay though. Is that what it was? That's what he said until he found the Lord
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line now we want your calls now
We're trying to build a little momentum here on the phone and did they got anything? No all they got is a bunch of bags
Rubin Orlando well good for them is what I say
The bags okay
We're coming out and if you don't like it blow it out your ass okay like Sally would say
Right because you seem to be obsessed with that anyway
Obsessed with that evil disease breathing brown eye
I mean you talk about calling the the pot calling the kettle puse man
When
But when
Who
Do
For
To
Of
the
Oh, I'm sorry.
16 to noon at 560 WQM.
Now what's the start?
We talked about Greek close person, Brad and getting lunch today.
Because like I was just telling our produce right here,
that's what it's all about.
Free lunch, free food.
That's what being in the radio business is all about.
If you can't get paid a lot, at least eat a lot of free food.
560, 705, 60, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, how are you, ma'am?
Great.
Good, listen, I got a problem.
I want to complain about gate Disney and all the lesbians.
It's so ugly, man.
What's going on over there?
Yeah, you're right.
The dikes are pretty ugly, ma'am.
Yeah, they are so ugly that horrendous.
What's going on with that?
Yeah, never thought about that.
I don't pay too much attention to them.
Really?
No, I don't think they're the truck drivers.
Yeah, I mean, you know, what the hell is this?
I mean, I'm going to try to bless them from Miami.
I mean, I was affected to see, you know, get a date out there.
You know, maybe get lucky and...
Right.
Truck drivers all over the place.
Oh, God.
Diesel bikes.
Diesel bikes.
Thank you.
Okay, I think if you check out the LPGH tournament next weekend,
I think you might get a bit better.
I think so.
I've already bought a whole in one.
Okay, sweetheart, good luck.
Uh-huh.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
We got two calls on the board.
It's a deadly Monday.
Like I said, thank God.
Thank God for that hour and a quarter monologue.
Well, I haven't done that in a long time.
I'm going to start doing that every Monday.
I'll come in with four hours with a crap.
I haven't even got to the guy with the French guys in the mayonnaise yet.
The article from Montreal at somebody faxed me.
I'll get to that, obviously.
Here is a Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Oh, hi, Neil.
Yeah, I'd like to complain about this idiot bill Clement.
Uh, yesterday they had...
They were showing on the classic sports channel, the Stanley Cup hockey games.
And they were showing the Pittsburgh Chicago game for 92.
Right.
Which, by the way, hashic played with the golf board.
Right.
Which was really interesting.
And it was obvious the game was played at Chicago Stadium.
And at least ten times he would say, well, let's go back to the igloo now,
where Chicago was playing pitchfries.
I mean, it was just unbelievable.
Yeah.
And he was sitting there with that golf ball Brian Anglum.
Oh, another figure scale.
Another idiot.
And last week I know that, you know, you think that the stars are...
It's like boring watching them.
They are.
Uh, in an Indian inducing.
It's true, because they do play great games.
And I didn't see that last game, but boy, I guess I lucked out.
I was on a plane Friday, and that's what I didn't see it.
But, man, I read all about that the next day in the Toronto paper.
They just carved them both on the ass.
And I will say that that McDonald Oak and Heat Play hockey.
Yeah.
Both ways, too.
I mean, all of them are in the same place.
Both ways.
Yeah.
That's what I heard.
So, you're going to look for Buffalo or...
I know something.
I'm very anxious for them to get it over with.
And for as far as I'm concerned, it's all over.
Get it over with.
I can't look for Buffalo.
You know, it's funny, because Buffalo was my fourth favorite team.
You know, the Leafs, the Panthers, the Penguins.
And then Buffalo.
I got to like Buffalo because I enjoy Virginia Red.
And because they got a nice team.
You know, a lot of ex-Panthers on here.
But this Hoshik man would add acting routine in his, that he didn't the Leafs series.
I know some people think it's our grapes, but his overacting.
I mean, this guy should be doing 20 years for overacting.
I can't stand it.
Any time anybody gets within 10 feet of him, he's throwing his gloves up in the air and he's falling down.
You know, a guy that's got his talent doesn't need to do that crap.
That's true.
Well, I guess it goes star-stained.
I say, you get it over with that.
Fourth forster, a good luck to you, sir.
Thank you.
Forster, it's sweeping off the guy, damn ice.
Get him out of here.
One call left on the board.
Boy, it's a good thing I got that music, you know?
Yeah, it's a good thing I got that ready to go because it's going to be a long two hours
and twelve minutes here.
Greg Reed got a good haircut today, by the way.
And his wife says she doesn't hate me like poison.
You see, people don't understand.
This is a radio show.
Some spit called here one day last week.
Starts a song in a dance about Greg likes you, but his wife hates you, you know?
And so I run with it a little bit.
You know what I'm saying?
You get a little mileage out of it.
And right away she's nervous and paranoid.
I know she doesn't hate me.
Why should she hate me?
Just because I said her husband doesn't know crap and is a good guy, but, you know?
He has a good guy.
This doesn't know anything about this business.
We all know that.
And just because I won't need a Ruth Chris with them anymore, I don't know.
I'm just funny about that.
I'll buy my own meals at Ruth's Chris.
You know what I'm saying?
You thought I wanted to make me a bad guy?
No!
See?
5.67.0560.0560 on the AT&T world of flame.
I'm not going to say anything until I get a bunch of calls on her.
I'm not.
I got 200 now, which I could take right now.
But we had a lot of momentum building that a fool, but I didn't want it to be.
I didn't want them to be calling.
In other words, I hadn't given the number up.
I hadn't given the signal.
And do we have one?
See what I tell you about plantation?
Was I right?
Or was I right?
I don't have one person in plantation.
How many people in plantation?
Two, three hundred thousand at least?
Pretty big city.
I think next to Fort Lauderdale plantations probably the...what?
Bigger city in Broward?
Hollywood maybe?
Maybe Hollywood's number two, which is bigger.
Hollywood or plant?
Well, at least the people in plantation, most of us are still alive.
Hollywood's got a lot of, you know, numbers, but most of them are dead.
Sorry, ma.
I mean, you know, dead people in Hollywood.
And all those people in plantation is their one that likes to show.
No!
One!
That will take the time to call and say, you're wrong.
G-E-F and Tom Jik is thinking of Sun Centrelay yesterday.
Doesn't represent plant...
I think he does.
I think the chief over there has got him all brainwashed.
I think he's made it illegal to listen to the thing
you arrived here showing plantation.
Is what I think.
Look at that.
Nothing.
Is that it?
Is that a plantation call?
I'm waiting.
Oh, that's from Kendall.
That's not even close.
Mobile in...
In...
I'm waiting.
I'm watching the screen here to see where this is going to be.
This is a shocker to me.
I may have to move.
You know what?
I don't think I'm going to be moving.
I'm going to a place where they like me like sunrise.
Not that far.
It's not a long move.
And I tell you one thing in sunrise,
there are a hell of a lot more lenient like on satellite dishes and stuff like that.
They don't ruin your life like they do in plantation with all those codes and all those other...
Oh, mobile in plantation.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Okay.
I'm calling.
I am now in plantation.
I live in plantation.
Are you do live in plantation?
Yes.
And I live in your whole day every day.
And yes, I like your show.
And I did see the article.
I was going to call you this morning.
But now I had a call.
Right.
And I agree with the article that, yeah, you're a guy to listen to.
You agree with Tom Jicke?
Yes.
Well, thankfully, disagree with the person who wrote the...
GEF, the Spinalist Cowards.
How come we don't have the name there from GEF?
I'm going to get that name from Tom Jicke.
And we're going to go hunt and down at their house in the grilling for about two, three hours.
Let's talk about plantation.
I got to ask you something.
Did you see that the city of plantation is holding the force of July parties and parades on July 30th?
Because July 40th is a Sunday.
No.
They're doing the parade on Saturday morning and the fireworks on Saturday night.
Because the city of plantation doesn't do anything on Sundays.
Really?
Is that amazing?
Why is that?
Because it's too religious.
Because it's too God-dum-raising.
It's a non-Jewish religious day, you know?
Yeah.
Everybody else doesn't matter.
It's the guy in the matter.
Oh, yeah.
Well, the Goyermont plantation, you know that.
Well, it's going to be old.
The old mayor got out of there that it was going to change a little bit.
We know it would be a plantation.
You and I are the only Jews in plantation, don't you know that?
I don't know about that.
There seems to be an awful lot.
Yeah.
And let's see.
My old neighbor, let's see.
The testlers there are Jewish.
They're over there in Jacaranda.
And what's his name, Sean and his family?
What is their name?
Sean, whatever their name is, the idea of Dennis.
So far, I got about six Jews in plantation.
Yeah, huh?
I'm going to tell you, sir.
I'm going to tell you right now.
Next, pace off.
We're closing the city down and we're going to have a goddamn parade, all over plantation.
There you go.
Right in front of the hall.
Exactly.
Just for equal time.
Okay, Neil, thank you.
God bless you.
Until the chief, he's a piece of crap, by the way.
The plantation chief.
He's got a condition to drive and save.
Yeah, condition is okay.
You judge.
What is their name, the Dennis?
I can't think of that.
That's embarrassing.
So there's a call from plantation.
Nice go on, sir.
Oh, he feels a little bit better.
See, if we had any audience in plantation, he's going to be wherever you're lined with a lit up, you know?
One, there was one.
And that was it.
And he was Jewish.
I want to hear from a goi in plantation.
That's what I want to hear from a Gentile.
A non-Jew.
Now, this is really pushing it, okay?
I'll get it.
Q-A-N.
Nobody's Q-A-N.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
List of different plantations.
Are you a Gentile?
Actually, I'm a Reformed Jew.
Oh, well.
Oh, that's close.
That's close.
Now we're getting close.
Oh, yeah.
Okay.
Okay, thank you, sir.
Okay, there's one.
Boy, are they slow in plantation?
They are so slow.
These lines should be smoking, smoldering.
I think the ratings were right.
I think we're F-O-B.
Whatever that means.
I think we're out of business.
W-Q-A-N.
That was a line checker.
W-Q-A-N.
I am a Goi in plantation.
All right.
Are you sure?
I'm positive.
Did you check?
I'm not in plantation right now, but that's where I was.
But you live in plantation?
Yes, sir.
And you listen to this show.
Whenever I'm working, yep.
God bless you, sir.
Thank you so much.
Anything else I can do for you?
I think that'll do it.
All right, then.
And maybe a couple of donuts to go.
Have a great day.
You too.
Okay, there you go.
See how simple that was?
It only took me about 20 minutes to do that.
That goes to show you the power of this radio station.
That's the power of this show that we used to have.
Thank God for our buddy Brad over at Tony's
that we're at least getting one last free lunch today.
Thank God for that.
And by the way, you're welcome, Kimba.
I'm just giving him a welcome for that free lunch.
You got from our good friend, the sub-center for a good buddy over there.
Chuck?
Any excuse I got to give Chuck a plug at the sub-center?
I always give him because he's been great to us, right?
The whole station here at the GBS, whatever this is.
Well, see, I saw Greg in here this morning.
He confused.
Because he's always got that confused look on his face.
Got like one finger in his nose and one in his mouth.
Greg, don't know.
Yeah.
In fact, every time I see Greg, I think.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's immediately what comes about.
Good guy, but.
Yeah.
I mean, if you looked up Greg reading the dictionary,
you would see.
Yeah.
Right next to it.
Good guy, but a little, I don't know what the word is.
I'll think of it.
Here's a mobile and candle.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
Great.
Okay.
First of all, I want to start off by saying I'm a very big fan of yours.
Listen to you every day and half a year.
Great.
God bless you, sir.
Yes, I just have one issue to bring up with some questions.
Okay.
Question that my girlfriend asked me this week and I said, you know what?
I got asked.
Okay.
If you're against religion, which I think you have everybody to,
and I, to be honest with you, I agree with you on a lot of your issues on religion.
I'm not against religion.
I'm just against people using it as a weapon.
You can believe we're all a crap.
I've been done with down people's throw.
Right.
Don't shut it down people's throw it's unless you're serious.
Okay.
Then why should homosexuality be shoved down people's throws or to speak?
Who shoving it down your throat?
Well, let's say a gay day.
Why should people that are straight and want to take their children to this new world
be subjected to having homosexuality shoved down their throat?
Well, who shoving it down their throat?
Are they physically shoving it down their throat?
Like a killboss?
I mean, what does that mean?
Well, what I'm saying is someone that's a gay day.
Well, if someone comes from Boston and brings their facts out,
I don't know.
I know there's no facts in Boston, sir.
Believe me, I lived there for years.
I can tell you that.
There's no facts in Boston.
Oh, yeah, right.
That's why they had to close down the combat zone.
It was just a little bit out of hand, so to speak.
And my second question, well, we'll just jump off with that.
But that's what she said to me, and I don't have an answer.
That's what she said.
Let's jump off of that, okay?
Okay, yeah, I thought to speak.
I caused you, when I got back from Vegas,
because you wanted to know about Venetian.
I ran and I went ahead and I caused you real quick,
and I thought that I walked in with the pool wasn't ready enough.
Did you get a chance to see it?
No, just drove by, but we didn't get a chance to go in.
Did you see Bellagio?
I've already been in there.
I was there while you didn't know.
What did you think?
I thought it was, you know, it was a little too cold, man.
I don't, yeah, it didn't have any personality, but so on.
I mean, it's pretty, but like I said, when I was there,
you stand in the middle of that place,
and you look around, and it was generic.
I mean, you know, I guess when you go back at the paintings,
if you're into the art and all of that stuff,
but if you're in the middle of a casino,
you look around, it could be any place.
You know, just there are too many places that are like the same now.
I hear, yeah.
You know, I read a story, something about that Donald Trump was trying to block the guy
that Bellagio, to build the place in Atlantic City,
or something like that, and then he was going to compete against his hotels.
He went.
Yeah.
All right, he knew.
You know, don't you wish you had their problems, huh?
Yeah, I know Donald Trump is just, I mean, the guy said,
talk about an ego, I mean, Jesus, this guy, you know,
show him landing at the racetrack at the Beaumont this weekend,
and he landed in his helicopter.
Oh, Donald Trump has arrived, like, you know,
like now the race can begin, you know, you know.
No, you can almost smell it right over the TV.
Exactly.
Okay, pal, I'm happy.
Can I call somebody a douchebag, please?
Go ahead.
Uh, Bird and Mario, two, uh, Guinea douchebags.
Okay.
Thanks, Neil.
And almost like I said,
it's 11.57 at 5.60 WQIM.
Was the air working in here or what?
Or is that got like bugs on my head?
It's not working?
I feel like my hair is warm this morning, which, uh,
I know this day, they started to warm up again.
It's not working too good.
I should have told Greg that when he was in here.
As soon as he came in here, and I said the air ain't working too good.
He went, if you want to take in 12 of your future,
why don't you get out of that job on a road to nowhere
and train yourself for a career or a real one?
Don't you keep laying hands on it as a forced-outer day?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
What would it do if I had normal food
but to do a run out in by my CD?
Do you get wrong when I scream out of songs?
I'm just like how my side is being off-key-key.
I'm gonna get by with this blast in my breath.
Oh, I get guys with this blast in my breath.
Oh, I don't have to try with this blast in my breath.
Did you know this shot for anybody?
I only had to pull my candy sound.
Oh, there's a scene with your body.
You guys not to mess in where I could find you.
I'm waiting for you to say, I have to stop it in the middle.
I can't let it finish because I'm so distraught over what you just told me.
You know, it's not bad enough.
I guess when you're an arrogant prick,
I guess when you're an arrogant prick like Sam
who's got the naked pictures of the boss
and can basically do whatever you want.
You can walk around with that kind of a goddamn attitude.
That's the worst thing I've ever heard in my life.
That's the worst.
If they were dropping nuclear weapons on Syracuse right now,
it wouldn't be as bad as what you just told me.
We order lunch from our good friend Brad over at Tony's, okay?
Because Jeff Cohen is out getting laid somewhere
pizza lofts off the list today, okay?
And Chuck was just here on Friday,
which we don't want to overdo it with him
because he helped out Kimba Bull camper on the Saturday
and you know, the whole deal.
He's been great to us.
So let's not overdo it.
Don't push a good thing too far.
So we get our friend Brad over at Tony's.
It's sending us a nice lunch today, okay?
Peaches and whatever else we want.
They got great subs and soup.
It's a good place.
I just ordered a bunch of pizza.
Yeah.
Enough for everybody.
So Sam sticks his nose in here.
Sam, the award winner of the,
what did I do for this paycheck contest?
Any payday you picked by the way he's still the winner?
Any sticks is heading the door here?
I thought he would have had something like
about promotions going on.
I thought maybe he was doing some work.
Besides those lovely blue and yellow bumper stickers, by the way.
That's suck.
Any ash dredge?
What do you guys got anything coming for lunch?
He was hoping for trucks.
Here's one for you.
Up truck, okay?
Up truck.
All over your desk.
All over your puke body, okay?
Mr. Hatchach.
And by the way, if Enrique is listening,
don't tell this guy anything, okay?
Because he is a storyteller.
Loose lips, sink ships.
Just keep that in mind Enrique.
This guy, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, you know.
Try to impress everybody.
I suppose I shouldn't say that the minute
he was also right on in there.
Yes you should.
In the green putting it in the green.
Yes you should.
Okay.
They are both in there sucking it.
Okay?
And so George tells them we got all these pizzas coming from attorneys,
enough for everybody?
Or, first, the destroy that it's not from trucks.
That's number one.
And number two, where are you getting it from?
How about if we haven't tested and certified at the door before we bring it
to see if it's up to your standards, Mr. How's that?
Huh?
T and C if it's up to your high-falute standards.
Maybe the boss can take those two to Roots Chris, okay, for a free meal.
Although I hope at least maybe the nephew might bathe and clean up his act a little bit before they would let him in there.
So to make a long story short, what we got coming today, he turns his nose up at it, like it ain't up to their exacting standards.
Well, you know what, that's good for us because that means more for us and less for you.
You know I'm saying Sam, you piece of crap.
Go back to Venezuela and by the way, the guys on a plane say you're full of crap and they hate you like poison.
The guys that got hassled by the authorities down there, they say you're full of crap.
And just because you kept throwing around and reek his name down there and Ricky Martin or whatever it is, your faggy friend and Ricky Martin.
Who's still looking like Pingaloka.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Let me ask you this. Are we ever given lunch to him again? Those two in there?
Are they ever getting lunch again from us? No. No. What? What?
I wouldn't be surprised if they're sucking our free water too from the color of the man.
You know what I'm saying? Yeah, that wouldn't shock me either.
Freeloting, doing nothings. How about going out there and doing an event again and doing another one of those great hit and nearly hit whatever the LA call that?
Yeah. We're given away crap that nobody wants so they can please have done, you know, make up for promises they made the people that they have no business promising.
Chris Reed has stomach problems. That's why he's got stomach problems. I got stomach problems.
Okay. I mean, you talk about Hutzba man. What do you got coming for lunch today? Is it free and where is it from and is it up to our standards?
Boy, does he have a lot of Hutzba? God. Man, arrogant prick. Okay. That's you Sam.
Eregant obnoxious prick. One of the untouchables, of course. He won't think about the untouchables.
Who we got and I'm going to get a starter. I'm going to leave out because actually Gary's not all that bad.
Once you get to understand him, he can't help himself. He's a loser. But he's okay.
But you got Sam and the nephew and screw in there. Okay. The untouchable. Oh, yeah. I know you got something in your stomach. Okay.
That's what happens when you keep bending down on the floor and Sam keeps sneaking up behind you.
You might have put something in your stomach. A miracle of modern science we got here. That's right.
Here's for a lottery. Hello. What is it? Oh, there he is. I can barely hear this guy. Maybe it's because I got this fan turned up so loud. Can you hear me now?
Yeah, I hear you. Cool. Hey, I'm calling you now. But I want to ask you a question. I don't like if you're out, weirdly gay and everything.
I'm out, weirdly, you know what I mean? No. Your gay, you don't make any of you much of words about your state. I don't mean so. I don't mean.
You're in, weirdly, you're gay, too. But when you're like out like in your social life, like your celebrity status, does that get you like laid more?
Oh, yeah. I get in the homosexual life. Oh, yeah. I mean, does it work like the head or a world?
Yeah, sure. I got guys right now just lapping at my feet. Just waiting for me to get up here. No, I'm serious. No. Not at all. No. Come on. No.
No. I can't believe that. Well, okay. Okay. Then yes. In fact, I just got, I just got done twice in the last 15 minutes while I'm sitting here during the commercial breaks. You feel better now?
Good. All these people that are so worried about everybody else's knob manages. It's unbelievable. It's incredible.
Also worried about are you getting this and the only people who are worried about stuff like that are guys who aren't getting any themselves.
I've always said that and you know something absolutely correct. No question about it. I don't give a crap how much your action anybody else is getting.
Couldn't care less. 5.670560. 0560 on the mobile one line. There's punch map. God, it's great.
Sorry, we're not getting your good luck today. Stand by the way. Yeah. What about your ass?
Good luck. I'm back in the middle of the room.
Good. If I parted in heaven.
Good. I stand.
If I parted in heaven.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Whatever you said, okay, we got the pizza now from Tony's I'm gonna eat the crust too. You know, I don't give a crap
What nothing too bad, okay?
Oh my god, okay
I'll guarantee you that I guarantee deepal has a has a massive some I don't wish it on him
I wish I'm nothing but the best gotta lose some weight depot your gigantic. You're enormous
He's ballooning up boy. This is great pizza, you know
with
With meatballs in the pepperoni
Mm-hmm. Nice going bread excellent
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line. We got 600 open lines. We got an hour to kill
I don't think we're gonna have a trineman chance to make it. I'm gonna have to give this awful story about this guy who went to Montreal
To eat the French fries. Why the hell would any person and this is a guy from down here? So I guess that explains it a
Lawyer no less Fred Robbins
Who went to Montreal to check out their great French fries in
Garlic mayonnaise sauce. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. I'll tell you what they put on their French fries and I'm still in
Just act John be both. They'll tell you
Don't don't even say it. Don't get yourself started. Okay, they're people who liked it again because somebody told them that it was like a
Real and had a cult following and was really a brilliant movie in yadi yadi and so this oh yeah, that's great
That's really cool
1256 at 560 Q.A.M. You're all gonna burn in hell. Remember that right now. That's what they're telling us
We're all gonna burn in hell and have a great time being there, okay?
See what some I was gonna say living and breathing people
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one on how are you gonna tell that story by the way do I have to clean that up?
Afterwards
I
Don't want to get that I don't want to alienate him okay. He's a big fan of the show, okay?
Maybe he'll love to come rich and famous someday. Oh, he already is
Why would he think that that's a bad thing if you were telling that story apparently he didn't think it was bad enough to tell at the dinner table to tell Eddie money
Eddie mix Tom mix
Who now is Tom Eddie?
Money Eddie mix who is that he's one of the guys? Oh
Wanted to send me doing the yeah Eddie Eddie mix?
Okay, so let me ask you it does Doug swallow and does Eddie mix?
Now what does Don know I don't know five
WQ I am
I can't speak the new speaking sir. Yeah, yes, I don't know if this was a rerun or if you got the chance to see it last week or not
But there was a program with John Stossel on TV called the power of beliefs. Do you see that no?
It was excellent. It was an expose on all religion
Really hope all the stuff and all it basically said in the end is that all these people they believe it
So to them it's real what is the power of faith?
There was a guy there that had a million dollars for anybody who can prove that any of the stuff is real and no one's taken
Up on I mean they had like all these people that could do this spiritual healing stuff and all this kind of stuff
Any exposed them to be nothing but a pile of crap right?
But you might go to know what was this on
I think maybe Tuesday or Wednesday. What channel was it on what network?
Which one is John Stossel doesn't he do this 60 minutes?
I don't know whatever
Yeah, either the 2020 thing but I don't think it was that it was like a special
On just that with just him. I thought that maybe it was a rerun that had been on like a
Couple months before but it was called something like the power of belief great. I got I have to check that out
Yeah, they had the guy who um used to be like a big magician and he's kind of like doing like Kudini
He's gone around and he's exposing all these people for fraud and all this stuff and he's got an outstanding offer of a million dollars
Anybody can prove that any of this faith healing or that's any of this new wave
Powers of healing and all this religion stuff if anybody can actually prove any of it other than just by their strict faith alone
I think it actually prove it to exist
He will pay them a million dollars and they prove that he even has the money sitting there ready to give out
No takers. Yeah, no
Okay, thanks for the good news pal check it out. Bye
Okay, maybe somebody knows the winnets on going to be on again or when it was on or how can you hold them five six seven oh five sixty
Pound five sixty on the 18t wireless line
And see it's just people like that bitch that called before about 10 15 minutes ago when people asked me well
Why do you keep talking about this stuff? That's why
Because that's the kind of crap that it breeds in tolerance hateful obnoxious people
That's why they're killing each other in Yugoslavia
That's why an Indian Pakistan they're driving you know dropping the bombs on each other
That's why it's going on over the world
And we have these simple-minded idiotic people because somebody planted a seat of crap in their brain
They can't smell the force for the trees. Okay, they can't smear it on their face
Oh did I start telling that story?
I'm not telling that story
See first time I heard you want to turn me against them me first time you heard what you never heard the and reek
I say that no yeah, we're spoken to reek before I heard I heard women
Talking about that about shmiren on their face. Yes. Yeah
Has something to do with the enzymes and the protein and I think it makes them look young
The enzymes eat all the dead skin and the proteins revitalize as the how about if they shmure it on their back?
What happens then
Maybe you read us some of that cellulite you think that might work. I got an idea. Let's start bottling it and selling it
Still they already have that
Let's move on five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
I just happened to have my little jug over here. Here's a mobile and four-lotter deal. Hello
Hey, how you doing Neil great?
I know I have a question I was stockbroker
I'll pull water down. Yeah
Sure I went to jail over a small financial matter. Uh-huh. When I got there
Ah, there was this this guy had to be at almost seven feet big black guy
standing at the cell and it taken me to the cell
And as they're walking me to the cell that the security guard there is filing. I said what go on?
I know we're taking it a special cell
All right, get to the cell the big block. I just mean
Hey, I won't skirt because it's a bad word but he called me a mother whatever. Uh-huh. The hey mother whatever mother right for you
Yeah, you want to be my wife for my hot. Okay good five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
five six seven and I just get through Santa give me again real slowly
Here's bokeh hello
Hello, yes
My name is Nancy and I want I have a question for you. Yes Nancy
Um
How come you don't like sightseed from bokeh?
Oh
Do you like him or not? Yeah, I love him. He's my best friends matter fact. We're having an affair. Neon veg
He's a great guy. Yeah, I work for him. You do what?
I work for him. Let me ask you this you think that maybe the reason that we don't like him on his show is because of what's happened here today
The fact that he called and I really didn't want to talk to him and all of a sudden you're the second person that he's put up the calling here and ask why I don't want to talk to him
You think that might have something to do with it Nancy
Oh, in other words in other words pain in the ass is the term that I'm looking for him try to be delicate
Sure, you let little things like that get here. Oh, they don't get to me at all. You know why because I just punched the button and move on
Oh, she gone. I think she's gone poor Nancy. She's gone too
So you wonder about what did I always tell you about chronic colors? Okay, they need help every single one of them the chronic colors are the mental cases
Who in their right mind ever heard of
Ever heard of a thing where because you don't want to talk to somebody all of a sudden we got a campaign going on here now from people
And listen to this out of her voice. You don't sound a day over 110 does she she sound like maybe 125 on a good day
But that's right she would look a lot younger if he keeps mirrored on her push
And the worst part of that story you told me was that Greg Reed told the story
That's the worst part
Which why bad I don't just not that kind of stuff. I mean he said well, you know, you're right in his case
What do you want to tell you that story totally classless anyway?
I don't know just the general manager the radio station
Would be like running into the GM at it like a swing club or something you know
Oh, I'm sorry
With you did I say the wrong thing again? Uh-huh as usual?
I don't know I just don't that you gotta have a little bit of respect for somebody you work for and of course here
We don't but I mean how how do you get it when the boss is running around telling stories like that
About smear and on your face to look younger, you know and I think he's probably the one that made it up
And then you know that's how everything in this building gets attributed to Enrique they have it in reek a finish in this building
We got one guy in here looks like Enrique
We got another guy that claims to be his best friend. We got a guy that bought his house
They're obsessed with him
Anyone in the why because they're all jealous because Enrique's obsessed with me. That's why they're all jealous
Let me wipe off my face and continue
Nine minutes after one at five sixty WQAM. It's just rub it
What feels nice of him lying on the beach rubbing suntan oil on your body
Lying on the beach rubbing suntan oil on someone else's body. That's why there's new oil of a lay
A jeep daddy. You don't want to get sunburned. Let me put some lotion on those
Hard to reach places
Ready
Boy, that's a great song you're wearing
Yes helping out with the suntan lotion is a great way to cop a cheap for you
That's why oil of a lay is formulated to be thin and run. It comes right off in just minutes
You'll have to apply more
Oh my pleasure boy. That's really a great song
Hey, how come when we Sunday do you always lie on your stomach?
Oh, yeah, lovingly 1114 is five sixty WQAM. We got 200 open lines five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the 18t wireless line
Here's a lady mobile invoker. Hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Neil. I am a first-time caller. Great. You're not a friend of edgy from
Vocal are you not even knowing and I live in Bucke. So he's not too important. Thank God
I'm a closet listener. Uh-huh, and I know my husband's listening to me and I'm probably gonna be dead tonight for calling you
But I have to call and tell you I'm happy because you said who is happy out there? I am so happy
I can't say this is the most miserable goddamn place this time there's more unhappy people
And not only are they unhappy, but they want to share what the rest of us are right? You're right
I think we should just run them over and keep going
Uh-huh, okay. I just want to say I'm happy. Okay, and I love your show and have a great day. Thank you. Bye
There's a happy camper right there
for her, okay?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18t a wireless line
Two calls left and then we can go to the music. Okay, and I can eat the rest of my lunch and piece
And we can work on that experiment
Here's a parkland hope sound wherever this is hope sound hello. Neil. Yeah, there's the girl that travels to Italy to want to talk to you
Yeah, hold on here. She is
Hello, I mean, it's like the 20th time we've tried this. Yeah, Neil. Yes, hold on here. She's still ain't gonna talk
Yeah, I have a Mr. Rogers
Well, first of all, yeah, I can tell you I 95 is sucks
Yes, I can
And can I tell you Italy is just absolutely gorgeous you want to talk about Venice you want to talk about
uh Rome
Yeah
Oh
You know, please
That's where you want to go in the tire
No, that's not even talk about let's not even talk about that idiot that's called
What's his name and Neil are keys ridiculous. Yeah, I can't even let's not even go about politics
Yeah, that's not even talking about Hillary court
No, god forbid no
Right, this is getting ridiculous. Yeah, yeah
It is getting ridiculous. Yeah
Yeah, let me ask you what do you start about 930 this morning?
No
I want to bring OJ up again, but what time do you hit the jute? Oh, okay, let me tell you
About OJ we have that we have to live in him in my neighborhood
Hello, he's going to chorus rings. Yeah, why didn't he go back to freaking California exactly?
Right
Because you know what nobody wants him in California
Yeah
Exactly police well listen have a couple pops more for us
Okay, that was beautiful. Let's see she couldn't handle a phone in the beginning
That's why he had a call because she had one of the champ
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line on a Monday, no less
We got grandma boon today. We had the Doug swallowing it and we got veggie from boca and his clan his whole core
Wow, what the more could you want?
Who says this isn't a fun place to live?
Here's Parkland. Hello
Okay, sir
Listen, I got to ask you a couple questions. You don't know veggie from boca do you? No, I don't know. God are you lucky?
Okay, what a piece of crap he is
I got a couple questions ask you I heard some rumors about the Ron and Ron show coming to
2 a.m. In the morning Monday morning. Yeah, oh good. This coming later those guys, uh-huh
And could you play the Chinese Charlie the Chinese chicken?
Charlie the Chinese chicken. Okay, well, we'll go find them
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 D wireless line
Mobile in four-loader Dale. Hello. Hello. Neil. Yes. How are you Neil great? Hey about the runner Ron show
Is it still both Ron's like remember that one one left the show?
Hey, he's coming back to you as he got a facelift. Oh, okay. Yeah, hey, a Neil or something like that
How about the bridge tender man? Come on. Yeah, how about him
5 6 7 0 5 60 you see how it works when these people have no more material and we start with all requests
And I know that we're not going to play any of this crap
Tom 5 60 on the 18 T line
Here's a mobile and lake worth. Hello
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Leave it finally tomorrow
Lots of things for good. Yeah, moving
Getting out of the cell old. Yeah, and I'm happy it's gonna be
Yeah, yeah
And I'm not drunk. I'm talking to you and I can't wait to get out there and live there full time forever
You'll last about two months. Oh, yeah, you'll be broken two months. I don't gamble
You don't gamble? No, then why do you want to live there? I
finally getting out of here got all my stuff sold
I am well, but what is it that you like about there that you would want to live there?
Well, that here's not America anymore. Out there. It's nice and peaceful. A lot of Mexicans running around out there. You better watch it
They all work. Yeah, lots
Lots better than here lots of japs too by the way. Yeah lots of japs millions. I know
No, I love it out there. Yeah, wait to get there. I'll be there in four days. Right
Okay, we'll see in about two months. Okay, good luck buddy. He'll be back in two months
You don't gamble, but you he's going to Vegas five six seven open that's like stand. I'm going to century village
I'm only 110 but I'm moving in the century village
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line them the good juice must to come in on a weekend
I don't know about the the man himself
All we got that big story on a front page. He's all bent out of shape
Where's that thing about oh yeah? He was at the Star Wars
He was able to take his children to see Star Wars prequel at a local theater in the LA
He signed about a hundred autographs. He says people were hugging me. They were very nice except for one guy who yelled something
But he couldn't make out what it was like you're murdering side of a bitch like something like that. You couldn't make it out
Hundred people asked him for autographs. They must have been listed in the mandatio on Friday. I must have been it
About the autographs god, you know, I love you mad dog, but that was so fricking terminal
Did you hear that?
Four hours about uh guys getting autographs are asking for autographs from jocks
Oh, yeah, so it was great. He signed it and so and so he was the son of a bikini. Yeah, and
and four hours
Nice going mad dog. Yeah
He's no fool. He knows that's the kind of thing that'll make the phone ring terminal calls. I mean the worst the end of the world
And he's going they're going oh no guest on their show no guest. Just big teach, you know, but no guest that is show
He must have said teats like 600 times
Do you hear that? I love it
Here's a mobile and poppano hello
Neil yes, sir the best show ever I think. Don't you agree? What was that?
This show you're showing today the best show ever. Yeah, this was the all-time best especially veggie and his two buddies
especially
Yeah, especially the bottle lady they started early the bottle ladies on top of it. Yeah
OJ as far as OJ goes they had a thing on HBO and office saw the lady that was in the
Investigations then the cold head
We told the fact look like a pes dispenser. Yeah, that was last week. We talked about them. Oh, that's all the way
So Sam to get out of there great show Neil
I'm sure I like the rest of the piece. Okay. Is that him? Is that Sam from the room get out there we hit you
And if we want to read case stories, we'll go to Greg Reef. We'll get the real story
As opposed to all these other closeted stories that you manufacture for us. Okay. We want the real story behind the story
We don't want this stuff that you made you know, he kind of fine tunes and adjusted for my benefit before he gives us the real story
You're not fooling us Sam. Okay
WQAM
Hello, yes sir. Yeah Hollywood as a mobile. Okay. Let's go to Hollywood on a mobile. Hello
Hey, Neil. What's up? How you doing sir? I just want to say
Today's show is great. This is coming from a former listener of the midday guys too and I
The midday guys you mean the booster
Boaster and that Christina moron and right out of town with a tail between her legs. Let me tell you something
When it first came on and you know, I never heard of your show before I was like what's going on here?
And I have to say
Um once in it when I'm wrong and I was wrong
Yes, sir. It's a big man who admit that he was full of crap
Nothing the seriously how you seriously full of crap. That's right now
I look at the hang or the man dog wants to walk from my little bit of sports
But I look into you about daily issues that concern all of us
That's right
He likes it because they speak English out there is what he said
Really yeah, why why don't you move? Why doesn't he move to Geneva, New York?
This you know, they speak English there too
What's all a zammie he's moving to Vegas because they speak English
That's something weird things I've heard wait till those Mexicans get a hold of his ass man
I hope they have a good time with it all right
It's a great day pal. Take me to see you
Moving to Vegas and I like I said before I love Vegas two or three days at a time max. That's it three days max top
That's it
But the idea of living in Las Vegas. I mean, yeah, if I had like 50 billion dollars
But you know something if you have 50 billion dollars, what do you need to gamble for?
You know what I'm saying? I mean slipper's like us we go to Vegas hoping to win a six million
And if we want to six million we'll move to Vegas. No, of course not. What are you gonna move it? Therefore have to be out of your mind
Oh, but then you can go to the cheapa phase every day great. There's an act great
That's what my life is all about eating a cheapa phase
Maybe we could even get fat rich to steal the the tickets off the other tables and stick it on our table to make it look like we paid
For me, let we just ripped off we could take him along with this
But I don't think we get afford to feed him for more than two or three weeks
Here's Hollywood. Hello
Neil sir. Yes sir speaking first time caller last time listening
Faggot okay, thanks. Uh-huh. He'll be that he's on there right now. He's stroking it
But in fact, he's gonna be doing a facial in a second five six seven oh five sixty pond fives out in self
pond five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
Great material sir. How long you been working on it? Huh?
Till it's wrong. No doubt. Here's Coral Springs. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes, sir. I saw that special the power of beliefs
It was on Thursday night instead of 2020 and it was excellent and what the man is called
Yeah, absolutely the man the fair to tell you about the best part. Okay. First of all they they talk about the touch therapist
How they touching it yeah, you know they they run their hands over people and heal them
I don't know
The young girl did a science project where she asked these
Touch therapists to come in and stick their hands through a barrier, you know
There are two holes left and right hand and she would put her hand down
And they and they would tell her which hand of her they were touching and in every case they got it wrong
Correct them. Yeah, and the amazing thing is when
ABC confronted people who went to the therapist and told them what had happened
They still didn't care they still went to the team. Oh, yeah, that's right
And then you know what's like it's like these phony psychic lines like our friend spoke gryphon from power 96
Got going she must be making about 30 million here from that crap. She's running
But the most interesting and more power tour the most interesting thing about it was that the beginning of the show
They showed a researcher who brought in little kids kindergarten age kids
Who had really no you know they were in their formative years? Yeah, and they put a box in the room and they said to these kids now
We're telling you a story and there's a fox in the story
But there's no fox in that box. There's no fox in the box
In a fox yeah, okay, and they left the room and the kids would talk to each other
They would be paired up and they would talk to each other and say are you going to look in the box and they say no
I'm not going to look. There's a fox in there and
So the assistant comes back in and says you know there's nothing in the box
You can you three to look in there because there's no fox in there. Yeah, but they had been given this this idea right
Which they formed a belief
Yeah, the creature by the box right and
Regardless of the fact that they showed them there was no fox in the box
They still thought there was a fox in the box. Yeah, so it's it's good
Good to hear you there's lots in the box
When we're tiny little kids we form these
These believe so in other words, this is not something I'm going to be able to see again
Is that what you're telling me? I'm not sure dammit possibly I could run it again
And it's also possible that I know somebody that may have got it on tape. Please I will research it
The one thing is the guy mentioned the guy he talked about with the million dollars is James Randy
You know James Randy the amazing Randy he did oh yeah
I'm sorry. This is a hunt right and and they didn't acknowledge that but he was reading a letter from four
Lordy. Oh, he's one from four. Oh, they'll have about that
You know, but I he used to be a magician and right
Finally decided he was gonna expose all the trolley team. I think he does good work myself. Okay. Well listen try and find it for me
I'll certainly do that. Thanks. I like five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T wireless line. How come?
You have a normal all the boy
I'm a Catholic. No
Mommy, when will I grow my extra wii wii you only have one movie son?
I like the four of them. No, no, you're only supposed to have one. Is daddy the four? No
He has to wii wii no son. He only has one believe me mommy. No
No, he has two
Two
Okay, one thirty two at five sixty wq. We have I got well I got a couple of things in the mail. What just happened to us all of a sudden
We never get this much mail in a month in this place
I'll tell you one thing we used to get more mail that I
See in one day and then we get here like in a year, you know
Maybe it's the tough address or maybe just that the sports there just can't spell the name
Boy look at look at the way this thing is sealed up look at that
Maybe if somebody opened it, huh and retaped it. No, I don't think so and isn't it ironic
I'll give it to you in a minute and the letter to isn't that ironic that I was just trying to think of Sean's last name a little while ago and he's a
Father the dentist the implantation
But of course the letter was sent from Evanston where he's going to school in Northwestern
So that's my close personal friend Sean who's a great guy, but even maybe the most important of all and what is this?
We listen to your show from free port in the Bahamas and we enjoy your show. We thought you enjoyed this pamphlet
That we hand out to religious people that bother us
Dear believer
Oh, this is great. This is great. It's a whole thing
Debunking this is beautiful. Thank you so much, man
This is fantastic
As you kind of an address for we can get I don't know
I'll hold on to that get them out of the parents of you. I catch cat catty meadows. I can't read this because it's some Jamaican
And there's some weeding here too by the way
And here's this long long letter. Wow look at that with an article from the whole thing
I have to say that for after the show put a close to my heart. Thank you Sean, but the most important of all
Is my perverted one of my many perverted listeners out there sends me a list perfect time. I mean I bet you you can watch Doug swallow after you hear this
hard
A list of florida's glory holes
Now, now what is this? I don't know. It says check out our glory holes website and it's got a website on here
Oh, no
It says the heat you endure in your sunny state isn't anything compared to the hot times metro experience in his latest trip to florida
Metro himself is our company's kinkiest and most outrageous glory holes correspondent these venduum all
Now he supplied all of the juice and gossip about florida's hot holes. I bet you've got a good complexion
remarkably
Doesn't have that bin there done that attitude
However, he's very well versed in glory holes detection
And metro is quite possibly the most preoccupied dude in America or the world when it comes to sniffing out glory holes on a regional basis
We don't know. They're just something about metro read on and you'll be as hooked on the phenomenon as you today and it's got a whole list
Of all the glory holes in well, maybe not all of them, but all the ones that he's discovered in florida
Like the one here in the tea room that somebody drove with that pneumatic drill over the weekend, but we were out of town
Metro drove to northeastern florida and right along us highway 231
Just inside the florida state line between doath and alabama and mariana florida
There's a truck stop which has been abandoned and its busiest times are Thursday and Friday nights and all day Saturday
Park to the right side of the building and you're going to attract men like flies on paper it says
They want you to
Them off in the worst way if you're a top man you find more than enough
suckers who will take your
They were so hot for our correspondent that he got more than enough action seven times in one evening. It says good luck
And it goes on
This is even better than the
Those cruising sites that we had last year remember that we got we got them one better than that
We got the glory holes baby
He even sent Tim russets wife out to check some of these out and all you other straight ass holes
That never saw glory hole
Yeah, it's just an eye looking back
Still never seen one like I said it's just an one eye looking back at you
I don't get up to those trucks stops very often though, but you ought to start
Here's the lady in Campbell. Hello. Hi, new. Yes, ma'am. I knew did you read the hero this morning on
Joan flushman's column?
Joan flushman, no all right if you were asking about Henry borough
About why Henry arrow oh Henry borough young yeah, well, it's in there. You know what he's doing now. What is he doing?
He is working for gardener stores
Of all four of them and the new gig
A wine sales consultant. Oh, he's he's doing a wine testing
And he does that very well
Uh-huh. He always did by he had a lot of practice. He sure did first. They was for free. Yeah, so it's there if you want to look at it
Okay, thanks. I wouldn't know. Yeah, I'm not cool anywhere
Okay, I also watched the Delmon. I was very disappointed
I'm glad nobody got hurt, but I was disappointed because it wanted to see a triple crown winner
And I thought that horse might do it
and
I'm not afraid of it
And watching the tapes he thought the injury might have happened at the top of the stretch with which if it did
That would explain what happened
There are a lot of people you know screaming about the way Chris antley rode the horse and he was too close to the pace
I don't know about that. I mean, you know, he seemed to be running comfortably all the way around
And then you know what Neil I did not like a couple of riders saying that too and Buffett the trainer
Uh, the idea was there was no speed in the race the horse
The horse comes from behind really and there was no speed
So he was in the post position. He had nothing else the horse. He let the horse go yet, too
Right was he gonna do stand up and pull the horse exactly. So I mean, no wrong. I thought they were wrong
I'll tell you one thing. I've been going to the track for 37 years almost 40 years and after after every race
I've ever seen everybody's an expert
Isn't that the truth? Yeah, but uh, I wanted to see it and I was sorry that he didn't win it and I thought I thought he rode a great race
Okay, okay, Neil have a great day
And don't forget if God would have wanted to win the race
It would have won a freaking race, okay? Just keep that in mind. That's what Chris antley said if God would have wanted us to win today
We'd have won a god damn race
He said
And Charles C. Canny looked at right in the eye and said F&A sweetheart, which I thought was cute
Five and she said don't cry a national TV again. Okay. It's not good for your image Chris. He said okay
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless lines
So we got the glory holes. I got a long long ponderous letter here
about
You ripping the crap out of you who is this from this hand right and looks very familiar
Yeah, phony Mitchell Baron this ain't from no Mitchell Baron. This is from one of our chronic
Faxors chronic not only we got chronic's out there but we got chronic's who make up names
Just to try to try to hide the true identity of how full a crap that they are okay. That's what we got no lives
I and I changed what I said the guy that's moving to Vegas more power to you sir
Maybe you're not really a gambler. It'll be paradise or maybe you just fight a paradise and get lucky with him
Speaking of gambling your brains out how about Hollywood Seminole Gaming where people have been winning those big six bigger jackpots lately
You got to be there to have a chance. We watchers got
Oh jay got away with birds and ringing swimmers. I'm so white and you wish friends
Now we hear him say he's ain't a bad boy and he's too bad. I mean, where he thinks he'll blend in
You're back
You're back
You're back to hell than you who's been all
You're back
You're back
You're back to hell than you who's been all
You're back, oh jay
We be going to a next show tonight to celebrate you
Jack, you're not the age of murdering assholes
Who would you say to me you white
I hear your words
I just said that you're white and it would be the first time I got away with it
Who would you say to me you white
You're back
You're back
You're back
You're back
You're back
You're back
You're back
I'd like to thank everybody but welcome to me to that neighborhood
Yeah, welcome, oh jay. It's 143 at 5 5 60 WQ I am
This is unbelievable somebody thanks is me this Timothy Boomer. I want to feature related to Paul Boomer. Remember
From the Crafatation Contest Timothy Boomer of Roseville, Michigan goes on trial Monday for violating 102 year old Michigan law
That bands cursing within earshot of women and children. Oh look at that. I just munged up a piece of sausage on the effects
Okay
Boomer 24 was canoeing with friends last August when his craft flipped and he was tossed into the rifle river
Witnesses said he unleashed a string of obscenities
He was ticketed by a deputy who saw that a local canoeist was
Something in the same that's not easy to read
In the same area with her husband and two small children. She was canoeing in the same area
If he's found guilty Boomer could get 90 days in jail or find about to a hundred dollars
Hundred bucks is getting free legal advice from the ACLU which claims the state is trying to criminalize speech that's heard every day on TV and in the movies
God damn it. How do you like that?
Paul Boomer all he did was cut a bad one in the judge's face
Wait, oh this you're not ready for this
Just slicing you a big ass
Page after page and and again, it's the same chronic handwriting from a chronic long time
I mean like some cuts some kind of a moron
You can put any name in a world on here in addition to which take a look at that
The first name has been changed. Okay. It was like white it out. They decided on a different name
Yeah, that's not too much of a giveaway is it
They had to like retrace the name the first name and the second name now. I see too
Because they weren't quite too sure what it was the first time
Ripping and ripping and ripping and shredding and tearing poor Georgian ass. Okay probably someone's really
Probably you're right probably some really bastard. Okay, they want to go over there and knock the herbs in of the city
Not a bad idea while you're at it
So we ever figure out what we call the Indians is Pakistanis besides cab drivers
5 6 7 0 5 60 I guarantee you man those Pakistanis they can drive a mean cab up there in Toronto
They can drive my cab
With all due respect to our Haitian friends. Do we have any Haitian friends? No, no
Oh wait a minute here's a call from Orlando probably knows Doug swallow hello
Orlando
17 minutes 51 seconds on their dime and they trapped out how do you like that?
Probably given a facial to Doug
Here's the four-lettered hello
Pack it okay. Thank you. Oh, that was Doug. Here's four-lettered. Hello. Oh, yes sir. Okay. We are on the ill sounds like you. Yes. How are you?
Okay, okay, you're sounding now orphan you speak about God, you know?
You speak about him all the time
Yeah, you know, you keep saying that everybody in South Florida is brain dead
Yeah, finally you got a guy that's not brain dead because sometimes somebody even pays me to talk believe it or not
No, I don't believe it. Yeah believe it now. Let me ask you guys. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, God
How could you be making the kind of money you're making? Yeah? How could you be doing a show that you have?
And how could you have that great voice?
You got a voice that can go for four hours. Yeah, that look like that stop you know that I thought
That she was bad and all for the talk is yeah, now let me ask you another one. What's the point?
Sure, what's my intellectual friend? Let me tell you something if you were in another state
Believe it or not if you were in another state you would probably be in jail
Yeah, that no because the world doesn't have to know what glory holds is. Yeah, I did a little survey
I did a little survey. I know are you the guy that did the survey and have a line?
Let me finish
I do this. Yeah, you do you put people to sleep. Okay, this guy must be Britannan's brother. He's a hypnotist. I do this
Then this is probably one of the guys from SRF. This is probably Jerry Marks brother a marquee
Jack Mark whatever the asshole's name is over there. Oh, and you know that other guy. Oh, I don't want to get that you had all way to win
The other one he used to work at that place
5670560 I mean this has been great. We've had more people than they do in alkelly
Bapapapapapapa if they said anything. No guy dancing yet. No
Hi, so let me do this. I this guy wants he wants to do a sit down. We're comedy routine. Okay
Get your own show you jackass
Speaking of that let's give her the day of the comp. Hello. How are you doing? You okay? Good, you know a perfect segue with that left guy and some of the callers
Let me just read it some real quick it's real short
Okay, so that's always I've always tried to show that the devil we blame our atrocities on is really just each one of us
So don't expect the end of the world to come one day out of the blue.
It's been happening every day for a long time.
Also goes on to say if a kid is old enough to drive a car by a gun, isn't he old enough
to be personally responsible for what he does with that car or gun?
You get a chance to read the recent Rolling Stones article on Marilyn Nansen's page.
I thought the guy was a putt.
This guy speaks to truth and he knows what he's talking about.
He hits every nerve that you've been hitting.
And unbelievable.
He holds no prisoners on all this.
And it's amazing.
He's right on the money with all this.
Just like you're talking about with all these hypocrites and all this nonsense that goes on in this country.
Wonderful article.
And aside from that, Cardinal still sucks.
They do.
You're right.
He's a hypocrite.
David the cop who's obsessed with that St. Louis crab man, he just can't cut the cord.
He can't slice it.
Yeah, that guy was beautiful.
And if you were to pick one call today, there was the best call today, this would be tough.
This would be difficult.
There have been so many.
I mean, each one.
And I personally figured Doug swallow.
Huh?
The drunken lady was good and then double talking guy was good.
But Doug swallow, it's hard to top that.
Oh, it's not.
5, 6, 7, 05, 50.
And then the guy that called you for it was given himself the facial.
He was pretty good.
Don't forget the lady that was sending you to hell.
And then the short and sweet right?
You're discussing it.
You're going to burn it out.
I love it.
Keep it up.
That bitch.
Here's a mobile and Oakland park.
Hello.
Oakland Park.
Okay, like I said, short but sweet.
That was good.
Let me tell you something guy was not sure what from SRF.
What did I just tell you?
What did I tell you?
I knew.
Boy, am I sharp today or what?
Yes, sharp is a much of all, man.
I'm not trying to get a little cross talk.
Yeah.
This is the guy who thought I was going to promote that piece of crap.
It's by the way, Craig Worthing is stuck on there, which is more power to him.
He's the only real broadcaster on that make believe radio station.
And he's a desperate.
You know, he needed a job.
But other than that, I mean, this guy who keeps calling here and trying to get us to put him on a
ear because he knows that nobody's listing on that piece of crap.
What is it like 1790 off the end of your dial or something like that?
If you keep, if you turn your dial all the way to your right, you're aindyling and keep twisting it like another 200
kilo cycles, maybe you'll pick up this guy at the end station, okay?
That this sure wouldn't the forest is in?
Piece of crap.
You idiot.
You just go, hey, I do this.
I do this.
Yeah, right.
So did Georgie Jessaloy's been dead for 30 years?
Okay, you jackass.
Man.
I think it's time for me to calm down with a nice big stogie in my post is what it's time for me to do for our friends at next.
