Sport Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
Talk to Neil called 567-0560 toll free for dated brarror or pound 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily
reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions or the easily broadcast group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sport Radio 560 QAM.
It's Dave!
The Miami Challenge.
Yes.
Have 560 WQAM.
Do you or your family suffer from things?
The makers of XI fan wants you to know about a miracle drug that helps you deal with the symptoms of various things.
XI fan.
One herb the department of health prestigious longest list of side effects award for two years running.
XI fan.
Talk to your doctor today.
Some swallowing the brain, inhabitants and large men of various glands and dots,
and more or less why to get history, attentions and plagues of locusts have been associated with the use of XI fan.
Other possible side effects he put flying the stizziness loss of weight, loss of color, loss of key, straight into the hair.
Aversion to swing music zombies and night sweats, talking like Roger E. Lee, if you are against exploding hair and the gout.
Some patients have reported blurred vision through a new talking as well, saying the phrase, good to go.
Not knees, broken bones, monthly eye-bombing, a high cholesterol-blast-team, black packing, costume, soft-downing, mid-sections, cloth-watching and reculinism.
A more significant number of side-fan users have reported occasion about the chest pain, where a lot of names, trouser-tainting, greasy forehead, twisting of the truce, spinosprayton,
tolding the line, headaches, muscle aches, clawed aches, and is in gas-pessing, incessant staring and barking.
Get your complete list of side effects on our website at www.cyphanoside effects.
Are you kidding me? Question mark.org.
XI fan, keep away from cats, dogs, snakes, children, the young at heart and goats.
XI fan, medicine for today's, thanks.
By the way, do we have any Marlon tickets to give away?
No.
Are we going to sit here and chill for a row of the Marlon tickets?
No. And John Henry and Dave Dumbbrowski?
No.
Well, I was embarrassing what I heard coming in guilty with the only one.
Now, it seems to be more and more in that direction.
Geldie, who used to be the shield with the Panthers anyway, now he's the only one that stands up for the truth,
and the other two on that morning sure are like sucking around.
Oh, yeah, look, Greg Maddox, you know, he's one of the great pictures of all time.
That's good enough reason to go out there and we're giving away Marlon tickets.
And that's only a few days after Dumbbrowski was on her, two and a half little dog, by the way,
about how well we're responsible for nobody wants to go see their crappy team.
How do you like that?
But anyway, speaking of whatever the hell they were just plugging on there that the phony drug,
I'm going to find a good doctor today, you know?
Not that I'm sick or anything.
Not that I have anything unusual, little pain in the neck, but nothing major.
But I need to find a real doctor.
George has been nudging me this morning.
I think he's right after all these years.
Wouldn't it be nice if I found like a real doctor?
Like somewhere up there in the plantation area, there must be a real doctor,
somewhere up there who's like around.
You know who's got like a real office and a secretary who answers the phone and makes real appointments?
Well, I don't know why you're laughing. It's the truth.
I've been on this endless search.
I've been here for 175 years in this town.
I had the, you know, Israeli pill doctor.
Every time I had a sniffle would go,
then take another EKG because he was hoping something was wrong with my heart.
Then I had that guy at that clinic over there.
Yeah, another pill doctor, a pill pusher.
Can't find a real doctor in this town.
Then I got my new doctor, called here on Friday,
a core of my newford, like several years now,
who's a very nice guy with a bad haircut, but nevertheless,
a nice guy, but he's unreachable number one and number two, you know,
what did you do when you came right down to it?
I need somebody tangible, somebody close to where I live,
like a doctor, a real goddamn honest to God, doctor.
So anyway, getting back, and I don't want to dwell on this more than what,
four or five more hours.
But I find out yesterday, I don't want to say who told me that my mother told me,
because I don't want to create any rift in my family, you know, between the sisters.
Find out that my wealthy aunt who lives in Helendale,
and I'm not from New England, so I don't say aunt.
My wealthy aunt in Helendale was very distressed and offended by my comments yesterday.
Well, that's too bad, okay, because I guess rich people feel that if you have a lot of money,
we're supposed to respect you.
And that makes you very important, okay, the idol rich.
And I also find it very ironic, because this is a woman who never met a Republican she didn't like,
because when you have a lot of money, you tend to like more Republicans,
because they're good for people who have a lot of money.
So if I offended my aunt in Helendale or anybody else to last two days in my comment,
tough crap is what I say, okay, too bad.
And then having watched that second part on PBS, which I'm sure maybe five of us did last night,
between 10 and midnight, on the Kennedys, then only reinforced even more.
By the way, they found the body and they have a big chunk of the plane,
and he's in there and the other two, the besets they haven't found yet, okay,
but of course there's small potatoes, because they're not the real thing.
So they have found the body and guess what he still did.
But if you watch that piece on public television last night,
it only reinforced what I've said.
There were three brothers, I mean, how many geniuses are you going to have in the same family?
How many messiahs can you have in the same family?
Especially when it was all started by that corrupt old ambassador.
And yeah, it's really interesting to watch this stuff, even though I already know it,
but to see it again unfold before your eyes in the documentary,
which I think was done very fairly and very evenly and without, you know,
suck it up to anybody.
And the old man with this anti-human, hateful, bigoted corrupt right wing mentality
and how they evolved and how the sons moved off in a totally diametrically opposed position
and how JFK, who started totally indifferent, being raised, you know,
blue blood, blue nose with all the money, how toward the end of his life
became interested in civil rights and then how Bobby really picked it up.
And after Martin Luther King died for those few short weeks
that Bobby Kennedy was still alive, he was the last great hope.
So instead of like the guy that called me yesterday and gave me a big song
and it ends about the three years of his life that were the only three years that counted.
June 6, 1968, that was the end.
That was the finito for idealistic Americans.
That was the point at which we understood that forces control this government in this country
that who are not going to take no foreign answer.
In other words, if you screw with them, they're going to screw you back and that's the end of it.
And no matter how many hundreds of thousands of burnt out, drugged out hippies
ran up there to Woodstock 30 years ago, are going to go up there this year,
including Woody Graber. It's not going to change anything.
You know, they had a great time, they did a lot of drugs, got laid a lot,
and you know, we're rolling around in the mud.
And fine, you know, no problem with that, but did it change anything?
No. Was it going to change anything? No.
If Bobby Kennedy would have lived, it would have changed a lot
because he certainly would have won the nomination.
And he certainly would have beaten Nixon because Humphrey almost beat him as it turned out
and he only distanced himself from the Johnson Policy on Vietnam just weeks before the election,
just a little bit too late and still almost won.
So there's no question that Bobby Kennedy would have won the election.
And of course, then we would have pulled out of Vietnam and would change it.
Now we would never would have had Nixon, we wouldn't have had Watergate.
So if you're talking about cynicism, it was really not the assassination of John Kennedy
that was responsible for all of it. That was the beginning.
But June 6, 1968, if you want to live in the past, which you can, that was the end.
That was the final blow.
That was the point at which the underlings, the underdogs, the small people in America
lost whatever voice they were hoping to get.
And now here we are and you have to do the best you can.
You can't live in the past. You can't keep wallowing in the memory of what you thought was going to be
or should have been or hoped for it to be because it didn't.
I find people who live in and I don't want to get off on that tangent.
Let me just say it again.
Well, I saw last night and believe me, I was choked up and brings tears to my eyes
because that was a big, big admirer of the president of Bobby Kennedy and of Ted Kennedy.
Even this screwed up as his life has been and the drinking and the chap aquatic and all the other stuff.
But there were those three. There are no other, there is no other great white hope in the Kennedy family.
Okay, that's the end. That's the end of the line.
And it only reinforced to me that everything I've said the last two days was absolutely correct.
Right. Because John Kennedy Jr. had none of the qualities of any of the three of them.
He didn't look like them. He didn't talk like them. He didn't bring forward the ideals, the ideas.
Bobby Kennedy was 42 years old when he was assassinated. His brother was 46 years old after three years in a White House.
Here's a young man who was 38 years old who's not known for anything political except a glitzy magazine.
I see there are a bunch of letters in the paper today and the editor, the editor in the hero.
Some say it's too much coverage of JFK tragedy and they got mixed bags, some say one thing, some say the other.
It's all over. There did. It was a tragedy. He was in action. He was not going to be the next great white hope.
He was not going to be the president. He wasn't going to be saw another one of the great Kennedys and for those people who love the Kennedys and of course there are millions who hate him.
And that's it. So if there are people out there offended by the fact that I said that as opposed to sucking around like everybody else has with this incession and it's still going on right now, look at it.
Oh my god. I mean we're talking crazy people. This isn't one of the great tragedies of our time. This isn't a significant event in my life.
There are really good people who die tragically very young. People who have accomplished great things and if they would have been around longer would have accomplished even more great things.
He wasn't one of them. And the fact that there's some very sad people out there living in the past to whom he was some kind of a symbol and I really have no idea why get with it.
Get a life. Get with the program. Get out of that time tunnel already and come into the almost 21st century now. Christ.
Oh you're a bad guy. Yeah. My aunt was upset. She went well too. It's freaking bad.
Are you sure? Will write me of course not. Write me a check for two or three million. I'll just go off here and I'll never upset you again. Okay sweetheart.
And say hi to big max for me too while you're at it.
Just go around your hands and knees and lick my boots.
One country and for them. Magma. So Maria. The riders. They cannot be attributed to the harmful effect of smoking cigarettes.
Hello. I'm William Talbot. Perhaps you'll remember me as Hamilton Burger.
Raymond Burz-Evice. I'm Perry Mason. And now I'm dead. So take it from me. Skip the habit and you won't wind up like I do.
Don't smoke and you'll never die. Ever.
This message straightforward by the New York Times smoking committee for immortality.
Damn it. Hey. Anybody got a light?
1015 at 560 WQM. So I already got a couple of doctors numbers here. And that's my project for the day.
Find a real doctor up there somewhere in the plantation area. Somebody that can actually go to. Somebody who can take blood test like on a fairly regular basis.
I realize they're not going to come down here like Dr. Mark and Wanderer in here. We're going to make a big radio production out of it. I'm not looking for that.
I'm looking for somebody that I can go somewhere and like get a hold of somebody and do something. That's what I'm looking for, but nevertheless.
Speaking of that. Read my newspaper this morning. Here's good news for all your diabetics out there.
Study says alcohol. Good for diabetics.
Out. Moderate drinking is good and see I don't understand this.
Because being a non-boose person being I've been diabetic for like 12, 13, 14 years, whatever it is.
And so I wouldn't even think of a drinking. But in this way, I don't like it anyway.
What's the point? See I've never been able to understand that. All you guys out there that are checking all that beer down.
Don't tell me you like the taste of beer. Please don't tell me that. No, I'll get you off. Get your drunk.
Yeah, but they're guys who will tell you they like the taste of beer. In addition to which I don't want to get drunk.
Although I have to do in the show many days. Probably just as well that I never got into drinking.
Great time. Anyway, it says study out of Chicago moderate drinking is good for diabetics hearts in the same way it's healthy for other people.
According to a new study every time you turn around here's another new study.
And of course then you start doing whatever the new study says. And about six months later they say, oh, you better not be doing that because we found out.
A newer study says it wasn't such a good idea. You're going to croak.
In the 12 year study diabetics who had one or two drinks daily were up to 80% less likely to die of heart disease than diabetics who did not drink said researchers led by Dr. Charles T. Valmadrid of the University Wisconsin Medicine Medical School.
Previous studies have found that among non-diabetics moderate drinking reduces the risk of heart disease by 20 to 60%.
The study has reported the urinal of the American Medical Association. Dr. Bruce Zimmerman, president of the American Diabetes Association.
And Andrew, how do you say that? Andrew chronologist at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minnesota. I've never been able to say that.
Did I say that right?
Endocrinologist?
Just as in sound right to me. I mean I can say it. I just every time I say it. It's one of those words you see in print and you know what it is.
But you can't say it because it doesn't sound right. At the Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minnesota said the findings support the association's position that precautions regarding alcohol use that apply to the general public also apply to diabetics.
How do you like that?
It says moderate drinking appears. Alcoholy hinders the liver's ability to deliver sugar to the bloodstream.
So doctors have been concerned that drinking might throw the diabetics blood sugar insulin balance off. But moderate drinking appears to improve blood sugar balance by reducing insulin resistance.
A problem and an adult onset diabetics whose body's make insulin but doesn't use it properly.
I was having a rig.
All 983 subjects in the study had adult onset diabetes or type 2 which accounts for 90% of cases. The researchers studied older diabetics because alcohol's heart benefits in previous studies have been found only in people older than 40.
So if you're over 40 like I am, you're type 2 diabetic like I am. Right, drinking okay. But it says alcohol.
And I was asking George of course is an expert on all kinds of intoxicants, mind altering substances. And he said well, but I beat but I'm up. I didn't say a guy damn thing. A wine. See the problem with wine is that wine is loaded with fruit sugar. I mean you certainly can't sit down and drink Morgan, David and Managevets because that's loaded with fruit sugar and is going to send your blood sugar rising no matter what this study says.
Maybe a couple of Tom Collins would be nice. That's a that's a nice swishy drink. What's wrong with that? Of course that's also got sugar in it doesn't it can't do that.
How about some scotch? No, seriously it's good because the Kennedy's get money every time you buy a bottle of scotch we found that out yesterday.
And it tastes like crap anyway, but why not get it over with it's like taking cough medicine. It tastes bad, but it's good for you. And it gives you an opportunity to get that that one thing look at it. Yeah, I look on your face. You know what I'm talking about just before you head for the bowl and do a quick time green.
So there you go. I think I'm going to take up a little bit of boozing now which is good because when you're in this business, I don't know too many people who don't want booze house in this business anyway.
Here's a call from Davey. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I know you're sitting down. I was driving on I not a five yesterday. Yeah, I worked found in Hollywood. Yes. And there's this giant flag in the parking lot of David Buster's.
It's a giant American flag and it was flying at half staff. Yeah. So I called them and I asked them why is that flag flying at half staff? They said, oh, it's because of the Kennedy. I couldn't believe it. I asked them why?
What would mean you couldn't believe it? There are people who are wrapped up in this crap like I told you who are all emotional about this. When I asked them, well, what's his significance that he's a president's son, no president's son. I just couldn't believe it.
That's what he said to you. He's the former president's son. Yeah. Now it was it. It was amazing. I don't get it. I'm just mystified. And I'll tell you the coverage that what they're doing now, I don't care if anybody agrees with me or not. I wasn't born yesterday. This thing that they're doing now is so morbid that it transcends my ability to describe it. You know what I'm saying? It's in such poor taste and it's such overkill if you part that expression that it's a sign of neurosis. I really think that these people are mentally ill.
Yeah, I think Rick Sanchez is going to talk about Rick Sanchez. I'm talking about CNN. I'm talking about the networks. I'm talking about every goddamn news outlet in the universe in his country is hyperventilating on this. Like we just had one of the major events in the history of the human fricking race.
Well, you know, they're all ordering frogs. Who's right now? Yeah. I tried to catch that shit that you were talking about. I looked at my TV. Got it. It's had a clock. I didn't see anything on people.
But of course it wasn't because they preempted whatever we're supposed to be on. It was a special. Why didn't you instead of looking at the TV guy just turn on TV? Yeah. Well, I wanted to get it. Anyway, thanks Neil. Okay. Have a great day. Forget about the TV guide. Okay. The TV guide. You know how many weeks ahead the TV guide is printed weeks and weeks and weeks ahead?
Just do that amazing thing and flip over to channel two or whatever. If you're up there in Palm Beach, 29, whatever it's on. And how you buy. Look at that. There it is. It's there.
And he did miss a good show. By the way, we would have had a stay up till midnight like I did. Very gut wrenching brings back a lot of memories, a lot of emotions. And but we are, but it's got nothing to do with this guy. It has nothing to do with him. None. Zero. Zippity doda. All it does like I said is reinforce the fact that he was not a not in this league. He wasn't even in the same fall park. He was in the same universe with those three brothers.
Whether you like him or hate him or are indifferent or whatever, which is unlikely by the end being indifferent. By the way, bad news.
Referendum on sales tax. Okay. The judge said yesterday. The referendum. By the way, they are running ads on your local TV like crazy.
Run ads to promote the penny sales tax show and all the traffic all bottled up. Oh, Dave County is the third worst in America.
The traffic is so congested you're going to be gagging and choking and dying from pollutants and all the other crap they're talking about week from tomorrow.
The clock is running, baby. Time is running out a week from tomorrow. Is this bogus election on the penny sales tax? No. That's the word to keep in mind. No. In any language in Esponiole, in English, in Italian. No. No. That's the word to keep in mind.
And then right next to this article about how the judge said that the wording when a ballot is okay and it's not misleading the voters. So it's still going to be on a ballot. Which is fine with me. I mean, you might as well get it over with anyway.
Right next to this is an article that says Florida Day, I might make pitch for new ballpark and and like I said this morning, I noticed that Joe Rosen be foe are in there like sucking up. I mean, what's going on here?
What has transpired in the last few days that all of a sudden they're talking about? Oh, yeah, there's a good reason to go out to the ballpark and we're giving away Marlon tickets.
Sounds really fishy to me. You know, we still got those lawsuits going worse to win them and they're soon us back and forth.
But how the hell all of a sudden guys that have been telling it like it is are on their shilling today for you know, go out there and subsidize a piece of crap, a bunch of garbage.
They're slapping you in the face, but this thing for Lauderdale might make a pitch for a new ballpark. This just makes me want to upchuck.
Everything about it, the idea that the public would pay one penny for this and where they want to put it again.
Downtown Fort Lauderdale.
Can you know, I'm one of those people unless I'm going to Ruth Chris and this is the honest goodness truth, unless I'm going to Ruth Chris, I can't think of any other place that I go.
East of I-95 in Fort Lauderdale. Ever. Ever.
Even east of 441 very often. Ever. Because it's impossible. It's hopeless.
In this area, they're looking at 15 or 16 acres is a bit west of City Hall, 100, which is at 100 North Andrews Avenue.
Can you tell me a quick way to get there? Can you tell me any way to get there unless you're coming in by helicopter?
We're talking crazy people. And like I said yesterday, the hutspa of these sports nerds who think that everybody else including me, which I happen to be a sports fan, although baseball can take a flying crap for all I care, but the idea that all the rest of us who live in Briar are going to, or in date are going to subsidize this so they can go and have their fun because they have no lives.
Scrooge, you want it? You pay for it. Why can't they put a guy in tax on the tickets?
Yeah, there you go. Put a tax on the tickets. They're always talking about what a bargain is to go see a Marlon game. Well, put a surtax, five bucks or seven, whatever it is, on every ticket so that the people who go to the games and want to have a baseball team here, let them pay for a new stadium.
And all the taxpayers, the rest of us who say we couldn't give a flying crap, less, we don't have to get soaked again so that a bunch of bored people can go out there and dittle with themselves at a super baseball game.
That's a way to do it. Let the people who want to go, let them pay for it.
Oh, gee, you want to lose the Marlon? Couldn't care less. There's not a bigger hockey fan in this town. And yet when Wayne was blackmailing the people here and kept telling us three years ago that we were going to lose the Panthers.
You know something pack them a sandwich. Okay, my life will go on. I'll go up there a few times a year to Toronto and see a real hockey town, you know, where the people really are fans in a real building. I really got that new synthetic one but nevertheless.
Life will go on. I got my two satellite dishes. I watch all the hockey games I won in the comfort of my living room.
On my new Hitachi, which by the way, the picture is great. And I'm convinced now I think the guy who called yesterday and also last Friday to give me also a cut. You're wrong pal. I got that thing fine tune and adjusted the Hitachi Ultra Vision. I think now is better than the XPR. How do you like that?
Can't have what what do we get it but I don't have whatever the hell I want to have. Okay. You asshole.
I just love to watch the way these people operate. Okay. Corkeys from Pembert Pines. Sends over like tons and tons of food just now, which of course my mother's making lunch later on. They've been ever less. That's okay. So I have this for breakfast.
Totally unannounced, totally unexpected and also our good close friend. What's his name? Al. What?
Look at that. Oh man. The intelligent choice it says for real good fast tumor. Thanks Al. So we got a banana. So now of course we had almost every line lit up and as soon as we went into the breaking. You know, I realize it's the 21st of July. Okay. Don't try to tell me that your lives are so filled with so much activity now that people aren't holding on every time we go into a break now.
Well, I've seen this week with nothing to make you want to sit down and cry. So anyway, corkeys restaurant and caterers they want you to know that they deliver. It says I heard you like the Boker burger and I think you like this as well or maybe better. What are the veggie burger?
And this is from Seymour Paley, the owner of corkeys in Pemberton Pines at the corner of Pomm and Johnson and they do have delivery by the way they want you to know that. I said sure I'll say that if you bring us a lot of food like this, I'll say anything you want.
And those great little potato lockies which are the best in the world, which of course I can't have but I will anyway and look at all kinds of sandwiches. Is that the veggie burger? Well, I can't have the bread though, see.
What is it? No, we have to take it off in the bread too.
5, 6, 7 we had 400 lines up here before and all of a sudden they're like playing hard to get a show I've never started yet today and they're all running.
maniacs.
What?
Hey, without the bread. 5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's Tamarack. Hello.
Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir.
Two things. Remember to that person that was giving you a hard time yesterday, just remind her that who's that?
Who would give me a hard time? Oh, that person that you said a relative of yours.
Oh, she didn't talk to me directly. She just told my mother. He gave me any hard time. She's not going to call me up.
Well, we still hear the dial tone so fast you won't know what hit her. She's not living there. You're getting that $40 million.
Two things. Remind that person that next to Charles Lindbergh, Joe Kennedy Sr. was an American firster.
And second.
The girl that anti-Semite. Right. And second.
Never met a Nazi. He didn't love. And second, remind her that Joe Kennedy Jr. had a couple of ships, station of the coast of Ireland, refueling German submarines.
Very little known fact here in the state. Oh, right.
Yeah. So just remind her of that.
I just don't get it. I mean, where does this woman come off, especially somebody who's voted Republican most of her life, all of a sudden getting that under ship?
See, like I said before, the idle rich, they think that everybody's got a lot of money. We're supposed to admire them and fall down and roll over in the carry on like crazy because they're royalty, you know?
All I say, Neil, before I let you go is show me one person that this kid changed his life into a positive way.
Exactly. I can't do it. I mean, not even his brother.
There's a stupid article by some dark, conflicted bitch in one of the papers this morning about how she grew up with JFK Jr.
because her mother used to buy all the tabloids and he was on all of tabloids. It's the same thing with Diana who would want you to do about nothing.
As a history teacher, his father didn't do much here as a president either. About 95% of the laws that he tried to pass to Congress were turned down.
Yeah, and Johnson got the sole right block passed it. And then here comes redneck from Texas. And he doesn't, Johnson doesn't get much.
Well, that's why I said the real great tragedy was on June 6th of 68 when Bobby Kennedy got assassinated because he was the one last great hope.
He was the one who really went into the ghettos and saw the poverty and began, you know, and that was the miraculous part of it is because he came from this wealthy, privileged, corrupt family.
And yet Bobby Kennedy was the one who was able to reach out and touch the poor people and the people who had no voice. And that lasted like a matter of months. That was the end of it.
I mean, people forgot that Ted Kennedy killed Mary Jokop. Did he check back lyric?
Well, I know people didn't forget that, but he's still for me. He's still the best senator we've got today. I mean, you're not going to get me to knock that his personal life is a disaster.
But in terms of politics, Ted Kennedy is a great man.
Well, him and I'm going to meet Patrick Moynihan from New York.
Yeah. They're going to try to put this lady there.
Put the lady in there.
The carpet bagger, right? Like so, well, Bobby Kennedy was a carpet bagger too. Only at least he had some ideas which he doesn't have a great they sir.
I'm back to you.
I mean, so you know, Mary Jo is still there. All the stuff happens in the water. The Kennedys had this thing with the water. They grew up there on Cape Cod, you know, and Palm Beach. You're right there in the water. They had a water problem.
People kept showing up in the water all the time, you know, making grumbling sounds.
What is that? Now, see, don't be sniffing the meat.
If you're going to bite into it, bite into it, but that's my philosophy. Don't sniff it before you bite into it.
Oh, yeah, I'll have one of those. Let me have one of those. Let me have your pickle.
What a beautiful spread from our good friends. And this is just a little appetizer. I don't want you to get panicky, okay?
Especially now that I'm looking for a real doctor.
Five, six, what are you laughing about? I'm looking for a real doctor that has a real office that has a real secretary that makes real appointments that takes real blood tests that does something tangible.
That's what I need, okay? Just in case. Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, pound, five, 60 on the immobile one on your being called in there, okay? Sweetheart.
Here's a Davy. Hello.
Good morning, Uncle Mal.
Yes, sir.
Yes. A few months ago, I called you and we were talking about religion, shooting a breeze a little bit.
And you mentioned to me that you really couldn't believe that there are so many people out there that actually bought into this religious bullcrab.
I still can't believe it. But seriously, I got this degree. I was like, think they are that stupid and delusional. They really do believe this stuff.
Yeah, you're right.
Okay, that's all I wanted to say.
Oh, wait a minute. Before you go on, let me just say this to you.
All right.
I don't know if you ever watch MTV or much music any of them. If you ever scan, you know, are your channel serving.
Yeah.
And you see all these ads. I don't want an oxbowgrippin. She's a nice lady and she's a good friend down the hall of power 96.
But the psychic crap and the tarot card readers and all this. Do you ever have any idea how much money those people are making?
And the same thing with these religious people that they get on there and they want you to send in their money to say a prayer for you.
And they make millions of dollars off of it and people are actually buying people who believe it.
Oh, man, I'll tell you, if I could have a dime for every stupid person on this planet, you'd never see me again.
Hey, there's this channel. I don't know what the name of the channel is.
But the jurist see is this religious lady. She's got a blonde hair and it's like 10,000 feet tall.
And she's got like more mascara on her than Tammy Faye Baker.
You mean the Jan crunch? That must be her name and plot crunch.
And she's like so silly looking.
Yeah.
I can't believe people actually watch that.
And they're sending the money handover limp wrist, man.
Exactly.
Okay, have a great thing.
Take care. Good luck to us.
Even lame duck biscuit there is, you know, there's another example for you.
I'll tell you one thing. That record wouldn't have sold five copies if he didn't.
First of all, the name of who wasn't nookie number one.
And number two, if they didn't say stick it up your, you don't even say it.
That's the best part because this is America.
So God forbid they should really say on a record. They don't say it.
No, they, they really don't say that. If you listen to the, because he says stick it up here and a crowd is going, if you got it, get it out.
Not right now. I'll give you time. I got to do the break.
I got to, I had to believe some of it.
But I'm talking, well, you don't have to believe any of the stuff they play on MTV.
You won't hear any of the words on there.
Like you will in Europe or in real countries, would I actually have, you know.
Okay, stand by. And by the way.
Stick it up for now.
Yes, first. Bye, bye.
From now.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Well, there is a thing going on.
It doesn't have any crimes allows us to have another one.
We never, maybe首四 of our friends are ducks.
But the dogs did, I don't know.
and stuff he doesn't know what he's gotten his mouth
and he still says it's pretty good
so it's a bit of Freudian slip you called him JC
but i call him JC
well that's my close friend over there at the air canada my club best
close personal friend
all i got all kinds of stuff going on man
none of them one of them none of which has to do with anything meaningful but
nevertheless
kill some good time
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line
yeah i think it's a conspiracy i think the dog done it is what i think
i think he'll be clinton i mean we're always here and that stuff off the
internet you know about how the clinton's killed all these forty or fifty or
sixty or two hundred or three or four hundred people
maybe they had something to do it because they were paranoid that jf k
june with all his fantastic qualifications and his great political skills
that he was going to run for a senate from the u.k. right
in fact i say let's bring back can star
out
here's bokeh hello
and you know i'll be you know me uh... make sense of what's going on these
universities
uh... i'm a student at the u
yes and uh... but you got a big football coach there but then
grateful ball coach that i think that's a fantastic
i'm a bit angry that uh...
you know the systems that run these
universities and not just universities but i'm going to complain about the
university
rip them and ask man
i am i have to pay my fees on time otherwise i don't get in the class
right uh... just to make it real quick i got a class that in the morning
uh... parking detail you know the police station of an open-to-late in the
morning i get a ticket i appeal it
i overpay for my classes this semester
uh... just to make sure i'm there
and uh...
they take out the twenty five dollars
for that ticket which i was appealing
before i even get a
some kind of
finalization on the ticket itself
well i go to complain to a i have to take this money out of my
account it's my money that you're spending freely as you will
and uh... these
they say to me
well when you find out when you find your name to ten
college here
that gives us the right to spend the money that we get back to you
in anything that you owe
and uh... i've got a big problem with that because they're not paying me the
money i'm paying the money to attend
uh... not like i'm on financial aid
which i don't understand how the hell i don't get it
uh...
it just
upset me if they were to say it's beginning of uh...
your call of college
career
or college attendance that i need to write down your bank
yeah
by finding your name
i don't want i don't want to uh... you know that i don't want to minimize your
dilemma
but the fact is that the audience is going into a common you understand what i'm
saying i'm not having lunch i'm listening very patiently
now understand your frustration
but what's the uh... bottom line to this one of my what are we suppose to
uh... we have no say
you know uh... they spend your money freely whereas
uh... you have no say what to do it i apologize for boring you
and i thought that i'm on sympathetic but you understand that i have a job
here trying to keep this town awake which in it is very difficult
right i think interesting stuff
i feel thanks uh... i want to get my anger
like i said carman as in good luck
thank you
five six and anybody said
no kick them out and instinct how much no one burgers at f.a.u. and then i read a
stupid letter to the editor in the paper the other day which i wish i would
have clipped it out from some dumb bitch out there
all isn't it great there's only a small
it'll only be a short time before f.a.u. becomes national champions
uh...
yeah
as if number one i would make any difference but number two is this is this
woman on drugs
now that's all about
issue hallucinating
because this ass over the mustache who knows only one thing other one
dimensional schmuck
so you're gonna tell you something you professional sports people you need
serious help you need the same kind of help that they need the god damn uh... news
media
that are hyperventilating over this much you do about nothing that died in a
plane crash
well that's a way it goes crap happens
really good people people that weren't born with a silver spoon in their
rectum by all the time in plane crashes and nobody takes that what is it
Saturday Sunday Monday Tuesday
freaking Wednesday five freaking days later and there's still hyperventilating
about it
there's still having a nervous
crap about it
all in a find the biggest chunk of the plane this morning in his body was in
there and he's still dead and uh... at that and the percent women they haven't
found them yet and they sleep with the fish is
yeah
and
seriously you people in the media i don't give a crap whether anybody agrees
with me because i know that if there's anything i know in the world
you people are sick you're crazy
you're out of your off your rockers
you're the reason the mayor average american is running around her go up
and you have a god damn pig me and he
that's the reason we got so many more on running around in his country
going
which i love that by the way don't stop doing it
five six and listen it's great to be surrounded by more on then you feel
better about yourself got on a fricking genius and i'm not so smart you know
but i'm a i'm a genius
compare the average puts that's what are one of the loose out there
but it just by the time doctor now
you know what that has like a real secretary when she's the phone i and i want
i don't want to start making a big son a dance about my friend doctor mark
but he's busy here and time for doctoring he's busy being political he's got
the uh... the uh... union and he's got his band he's it all of the sudden all
these other things you know
i like when i do business and recall a number somebody actually answers you
know i can i help you would you like to make an appointment are you dying
you know
instead of here like a five-minute speech to me is holding a philosophy about
life
here's my me hello
yes sir
how do you like part two nil great
uh... you miss part one that was even better yeah
yeah that would have been to depressing all the thing about the old man
yeah i already know all about the old man what a perky was
did you get the hundred number i left yesterday to order the video yeah what is
it again you got it
one hundred three two eight i believe it's seven two seven one
no but don't so i'd george's got it he wrote it down don't give one out that you
believe it is that it's three two eight seven two seven one one eight hundred
it's called the american experience right
right right and it's uh... i don't think it's one whole tape is two tapes
okay and i mean it's wonderful i mean you know
i did tell us the truth
okay it doesn't give the lily and it doesn't romanticize anybody and it
tells the good and the bad and everything in between you miss the key to
narrated
don't really well now that's in season for me then
hey now that's almost as good as peter graves doing it
guess what yeah i bet you'll stop searching now that they found the
death case no matter of fact they're not there uh... they're still
exhaustively searching for the other two bodies because they want to make it
look good now
oh of course but one of the well-fined
okay pal see you
i don't know if they did this on purpose
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line it's just
it's just lunacy and anybody who who who endorses this crap anybody who's
getting sucked into this stuff you need mental health man just like the people in
the media you need a freaking life you need a search party they should take this
coast guard search party and instead of searching for any more bodies they
should help some of you people find a life
christ
oh john john what are we gonna do about john john he's dead okay it's very sad
he's dead he never saw afraid trains he never drove anybody off a bridge that
we found out about anyway and that's that he's dead
people die every day good people crappy people in between people uh not so rich
people not so famous people people who didn't have their own
magazines people who never make it on the cover of the tabloids they die every
thinking god damn day
and how can i be talking about this again today i can't believe it
how can i and how can they still be doing this stuff today
i'd rather watch that lymphatic biscuit video and i'd rather die than ever see
that again
kill it they don't say ask they say uh they make the sound like they're gonna say
but they don't have the balls to say ask because this is america
let's say every other word in that thing it's okay for all those kids watching
MTV to be out there getting all the ass they want that's okay but to say it
that's another story god forbid they should say he's an asshole oh my god
it's fact
t-r-l and this is this is the best part you know that's tape you do
understand oh speak into the kennedy thing
that show is on live at about four four thirty in the afternoon okay
t-r-l for the first time you see it
and then they tape it and they run to eight nine whatever they feel like it at
night they have kind of any regular schedule on ntv because a lot of the
viewers are irregular
so the the guy not uh i can never think of the guy's name that narrate he's okay
Carson i can never think of his name not him but the other nerd they have on with him
is that what is met so he's on there and he's talking about it just totally in
an it has nothing to do with anything and he brings in the story about well of course
everybody's preoccupied with the thing about john f kennedy jr and his wife
carolin and the her sister and and he says this is at four o'clock yesterday
he says and of course the search continues and we're still hoping for the best
now i realize that you people at ntv aren't exactly appealing to rocket scientists okay
even though i do watch it a lot because i like naked teenagers but nevertheless
there's still hoping on twosy at four o'clock
for people who went under friday night at about ten o'clock at night
this is what you get on the mtv but anyway they were showing a segment interview with
uh what's his name i don't even know what the guy's name is for sugar ray
carlos would know you know the real smutzy looking guy that i thought he that
the airbrushed real good and rolling stone in one day looked really good but he's a real
smutz back it's not him mark the graph oh yeah so they're interviewing him and his trailer
i guess and he does look like trailer trash anyway and uh he's talking about like
excretory stuff about taking a crap in it and all of a sudden you see car so now that's the end
of that and then off of the and then they showed it again last night anyway so who you're
kidding the car said huh who you guys kidding it's on tape and they still showed it again
you phony bastards i'm telling you it's just a matter of time before they start that jerk off
our ten o'clock every night on the mtv it's coming so to speak five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line here's mirror mar hello yeah nil i got a perfect
explanation for all this hoopla over this right all of these things yes it's the american s and
way yeah and it's gonna be a good uh apart for Leonardo caprio to play
so Leonardo caprio is japh k junior yeah why not all right and uh he's gonna play sunny corollionny
why not hey he could do anything right i say i say leo the caprio is joe kennedy is the old man
maybe just put on a pair of old glasses and there you go be good thing for him
uh huh yeah he's out of this world for change um i just want to call somebody a douchebag
yes sir frankie you miss work today but you're a real douchebag where wall green okay thank you see
and i just figured douchebag is uh christ read though well you know what greggs out of town
somebody's got to run the joint somebody's got to boss everybody around here you know why not christ
what the hell was that one little trick
listen to the sound of god godfawley play all your meetings to the feet
you think i got two million there like jfk could have put a better play
this jfk has twice i'd be good up low a pie for us the cheap and crappy thing that's
a funny death my head about the only way
now pet me the only one that left the lives today from what they called it in a deep
earth if caratical galley for the lives she'd say you're a pitfalling gonna get worse
uh
i'm gonna do this down to god godfawley
hey
oh
what is glad to tell the splatter
who are you
hey
hey
what is that
what is god godfawley
hey
uh
what is glad to tell the splatter
that's something you want to most tasteless things have ever heard in my life you know
it's uh remind me next time i play it that it was bad to do it it's 11.1.1.5.60 WQAM
we have about 20 or 30 open lines today if you want to participate if not that's okay too
thanks to corkies again for a great lunch today
we got the veggie burgers we got potato lattes we got corned beef which i have an indulging
because i don't want to overdo this because then mom will get all upset now i'm sure don't want to
do that what is really nice and pink too it was nice and pink oh it's always good when it's nice
and pink and the corned beef too by the way five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
AT&T wireless line i don't like mine too right you know what i'm saying nice shade of pink is good
here's plantation hello yeah nil yes sir i love you show i got a doctor for you he's a not a
pill pusher it's doctor more september well don't don't go giving the uh we don't want to start
plugging doctors on the air you don't want to plug doctor more september on the air at least
sounds very Jewish to me well he's five minutes from he's off guard boulevard cross from west side
regional yeah but then see i want to doctor who has some idea who i am you know what i'm saying
he's very good doctor okay you know who i am i don't know i'm sure you're not you but anyway
also yes you're talking about bob print yeah do you remember rosy rose well yeah but see when
you start talking about this anybody out of the age of a hundred is out of the loop in the conversation
you know i remember i'm only sixty right but anyway i i rosy rose all bob prints fall as rosy rose
bob prints was much better than rosy rose open your window in many here it counts yeah okay
you'll go and thanks and say how to doctor Epstein all the other Jewish doctors and broward i just
need one five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
here's a mobile in Kendall hello uncle nio yes sir uh everyone's missing it i got the perfect story i
know what happened to john john yeah uh good here's a lady in my any hello lady in my any
yes um i'm calling from my any uh that's what i just said here's a lady in my amine all i hear are
drilling and sawing and puking sounds that are my feet from the construction workers but go ahead um
i'm just very disappointed in your show this morning about how you're referring to john fk and why is that
how because i think that you should be a little more compassionate there's one woman that lost two
children there's another sister that lost her only only relatives delivered yeah and i find it very
insensitive and very rude that this is the way you're carrying on and what are they not the money
that i said that we disagree with what i disagree with is the fact that you think that this
search should be over that they shouldn't look that they shouldn't be on every day i just find it
no no they can search all they want but it doesn't have to be on television 24 hours today and then
when they find something they can interrupt for 10 seconds like they would for anybody else of
importance and for most people who aren't celebrities they wouldn't interrupt at all would they
i'm not a celebrity and i wouldn't be important if it were me either but i i think they say well
why would it be any less important if it were you well because i hear a wife less meaningful than
the msets absolutely not but am i doing the accomplishments that he did and what were the
accomplishments besides coming out with a third rate magazine i'd like to hear the other
accomplishments uh oh looking the bar exam twice what were his other accomplishments he has many
and i'm not you to tell me what they were tell me what they were the library he dedicated all those
other things all their money is always going it back into charity now who's money not his money the
Kennedy family money that's the Kennedy Foundation that's not his money the Kennedy Foundation exactly
respect to their decision what in respect to the Kenneties you should be a little i'm sure
they're spending their money looking for them right now no they're not spending their money looking
for them the u.s. government the taxpayers are spending their money on this the Kenneties aren't
paying for this so trust me the Kenneties have a lot trust me the Kenneties aren't paying for
this man the US taxpayers are paying for it well i just think you should be a little bit more
compassion it when it comes to people's lives.
But how about every other person that dies in a plane crash?
How about all the hundreds of people that died in the TWA 747?
Flight 800 that crashed.
Did we have this kind of coverage on them?
We had coverage on the crash, but can you name me one person that died on that plane?
I remember the children of one person that died on that plane.
What was the name?
It lived in Minnesota, John and Julia.
No, but what was their last name?
I don't remember that.
I don't know. I don't know the name of one person.
I guarantee there were a lot of wonderful people who died in that plane crash.
Well, as I said, I just think that you just need to be a little more compassionate.
No, I'm not going to be more compassionate because he was not an important person, ma'am.
He's another person who died in a tragic accident like happens every single day.
There are people who get hit by cars who die.
Young people, they're little children like the two twins that died that got murdered.
If he doesn't want to have a conversation, he puts the phone down.
She slams the phone down and mixes a nasty wrinkling, crinkling sound.
Because she can't...
Ma'am, I don't care what you think.
You're entitled to your opinion, but don't tell me what I should think.
If you want to think, if you want to have more compassion, if you're a better person
than I am, that's for you.
Okay?
Wonderful.
I'm here.
I get paid to tell people what I think.
Maybe I'll give you my aunt's telephone number and you can call her up in Halendale and
you can commiserate with her about how insensitive I am and what a heartless, badged I am because
I'm not all about other shape about every one of the Kennedy family.
Okay?
There were three Kennedys who were very significant part of my life.
The rest of them, I wouldn't give you 50 cents for, okay, lady?
I wouldn't give you a Canadian quarter for it.
I wouldn't give you a loony or a toony.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
The idea that because somebody is born into a wealthy family and they have the same last
name, how about all the Roosevelt's?
Huh?
How about Elliot Roosevelt?
Anybody know what happened to him?
No.
And James Roosevelt?
No.
Whatever happened.
Which they all turned out by the way after FDR to be much into about nothing.
Just because you're born into a wealthy, a famous family with every privilege in the universe
doesn't make you some kind of special, a privileged soul.
Well, they were glamorous.
He was, uh, yeah, okay.
Could have fooled me.
Here's the lady in freeport.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am?
It's about the lady you called?
Yes.
Or she needs to sit on.
But anyway, that's right, dammit.
She needs to sit on.
Anyway, like you said about Phil, I heard nothing about him.
I don't even know him.
Phil, the guy who died, the comedian?
Oh, Phil, the Hartman, yeah.
Yeah.
He really heard nothing about that.
It was like very brief.
Right.
One or two days.
And then, um, we don't even know if his wife is in jail.
We don't know what's going on with that.
We didn't jail, right?
She shot herself.
He's dead.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
That's right.
Yeah.
I might be in jail, but he's dead in jail, you know.
Yeah, that's sorry.
They may have stuck with dead body in there just to show her a thing or two, you know.
Right.
But that story didn't go on long.
No, of course, I didn't pre-act all of them.
They didn't stop the world because a great entertainer died who gave us a lot of laughs
and was a talented person who made a contributing something.
I've been talking about this is the third day in a row and I still got to convince these people
that just because your name is Kennedy doesn't mean the whole world's got to go in a row.
But you die.
It doesn't make any sense.
And if it was somebody on the street, oh, we wouldn't be even looking out for these people, you know,
they wouldn't do this long looking out for them.
I mean, it's still going on now.
They won't stop.
Yes.
I saw it on TV and I'm sick of seeing it.
It's on 24 hours a day.
It's on all day.
Every day or a night.
I'm so investigated as a gun flank.
Because if they've gone back and looked at those same radar.
How do you like that?
Did you hear that?
No, I didn't hear.
I do it again.
Leave the plane had gone down and that's where they came up with this figure roughly four and a half miles off the gate.
Yeah, we have to find out exactly where it was, how close to gay it was.
Okay, do you have to find out how far you're falling?
How low the plane was in the sky before it started going into this death spin.
I mean, what kind of morbid sickness is this?
And these people are sitting there with a straight face and looking at us in the eye like they're journalists.
These are crazy people.
I am so totally with you, Neil.
But I love you, Shoeb.
I've been listening to you for a long time.
And anyway, just keep the good work up.
Okay, keep the good stuff coming in.
Thank you.
Okay.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
This is important, Goddamn it.
Don't you understand it?
Don't you get it?
You better get it and you too, little speck.
You better get with it.
You little right wing, little phony baloney Cuban with your Goddamn Bay of pigs crap.
That hates the Kennedys like poison because you'll hold a grudge 40 years later.
Say a chowda.
Yeah, that's right.
That's what the Abyss sets are probably turning into right now.
Well, that was bad.
Well, you know, that New England chowda.
Very nothing like it.
Sometimes when you take a powder, they turn you into chowda.
Look, what am I supposed to do?
Am I supposed to put on an act and pretend to be all broken up about this?
Oh, but the beset.
How about every other Goddamn family?
Every other family of it.
How about Elizabeth Montgomery?
I love Elizabeth Montgomery.
She died.
She was pretty young.
She died of cancer or something, right?
She was great.
She had more talent in her little Goddamn finger than most of the Kennedys put together
except for the three, you know who I'm talking about.
JFK and RFK and the Champicoidic 10.
Other than those three, Elizabeth Montgomery had more talent than all the other Kennedys put together.
That's right.
We were bewitched with her.
When she died at an early age of a horrible disease, did they make a big difference about that?
No.
Got like two lines in a newspaper.
Miserable, crazy media people.
You people should all be in jail with Mayor penis to where you ought to be.
Let all the marijuana people out of jail and stick to media people in there.
That's what I said.
Oh!
Yeah.
Polluting the minds of the public, manipulating public opinion, turning their brains into frickin' jealous.
That's what you're doing.
The brain is after described how they pull the talk.
It's 11 after 10 at 5, 60 W at QAM.
11 after...well, whatever it is.
It's somehow.
I don't know.
I'm in the twilight zone myself.
You wanted me a lot more sensitive Goddamn than you, little brick.
Mother, you're right about that part.
Can beat that gator meme.
I'm one happy guy.
She's packing her bag.
Till a risk gonna leave me for New York, New York.
I'm waving goodbye.
Where I'm going, say.
Brody Julie, honey, she's gotta be New York, New York.
Oh!
I want to wake up in the White House and be all alone.
And find there's no sign of hell.
The bitch and the moan.
No more evil eye.
I won't hear her nag.
Her run will make my life so sweet.
New York, New York.
If you will let her bear, she'll be out of my hair.
Yes.
It's up to you, New York, New York.
She's gonna wake up in a city so far away.
While she's on Capitol Hill, I'll flake off all day.
Yeah, I can retire.
While she goes to work, this kick will make my life so sweet.
New York, New York.
Oh!
They are left.
Perfume.
Get her out of my hair.
Oh, please come through.
New York, New York.
Come on, baby.
Vote for Hillary.
All right.
1118 at 560 WQAM.
What a place.
Let's go back to Woodstock.
I was even there in the first place.
They're going to get some magic mushrooms.
All the weed they can get.
There's one guy, a good friend, Woodie-graver.
He's not trying to relive the 60s.
He's still in it.
And if you don't believe me, just take a puke at him.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Fort Lauderdale.
20 minutes and 22 seconds later.
You think they're gone?
No.
They're going.
Oh, wait a minute.
Like I said, too late.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Hi, Hank.
Can you hang on one second?
I have Dr. Richard Polikov.
Would like to speak with Neil?
Dr. Polikov would like to speak with me.
This is Neil.
Oh, hi.
Dr. Walter.
Dr. Polikov would like to speak with you.
Dr. Polikov.
Yeah.
Can I put him on for you?
Go ahead.
I got him.
This is another public speaking doctor.
Has that already got one of those?
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Oh, hi.
Neil, how are you doing?
This is in reference to your earlier conversation about...
About the Aether Real Doctor?
A Aether Real Doctor.
Yeah, when you call us up, we will answer the phone.
There will be an automated answering system.
I'll be at your service.
I'm a board certified cardiologist and internist.
And we'll be happy to serve you.
You're not going to do an EKG every time I have a...
No, no, no.
We don't believe in a COVID-19.
The doctor over on the beach who used to say...
Oh!
Every time I had a cold, he used to say...
Oh!
And then you have about two or three EKG.
No, because you don't know COVID-19.
We'll try to do practices.
Good medicine as we always do.
See, because really what I need are blood tests.
You know, I got to check my blood lipid...
A wonderful blood model.
A wonderful blood model.
A wonderful blood model.
A wonderful blood model.
A wonderful blood model.
A wonderful blood model.
A wonderful blood model.
We'll do everything.
We're a...
We're equipped here.
Well, when can you see me, doctor?
You can see today.
Three o'clock?
Three o'clock today?
Yeah, that's great.
Where you're looking?
Well, I'll tell you about it.
Give George the address.
Because I don't want 10-year-old Roger showing up.
And I appreciate it.
I'll see you later.
Okay, I gave him the address.
You did?
Yeah, I did.
I earlier...
George, you got the address?
Or I gave him the phone number.
You gave him the phone number.
We need the address.
Hang on.
See, I don't think he wants to talk to you.
But nevertheless, you'll have to talk to him.
Okay, how do you like that?
I may have a document.
I'll just talk to some other doctors.
So this guy better...
Yeah, you have it wanted.
I have an appointment with who?
With Dr. A.
But Dr. P says I got an appointment today.
You go see him both.
See what's on your head?
I'm not going to go on a shopping tour.
Yeah.
Doctors in Broward is that what I'm going to do?
Sure.
They can all take like about a quarter blood.
And after I have a little mass of what used to be a body laying on a ground...
Oh, well, this doctor says it was pretty bad.
But this doctor says, well, what kind of a deal is that?
Well, you told me to call people.
Dr. Pollackoff, okay, he sounds like a nice Jewish boy.
Well, we'll see.
It's always good to have like 20 or 30 different appointments
because then you can cancel 18 or 19 of them.
Get the address and I'll...
Three o'clock tell them I'll be there.
And maybe the other one's some time.
5, 6, 7.
I mean, we go from Feast to Fam and that's the way it is on this show.
Either I don't have a doctor I can talk to,
who's busy being a politician or whatever he's doing.
Going...
I'm going to...
I'm going to...
Like that.
We're now all of a sudden.
I got two doctors.
We're probably going to have a fist fight.
They're probably going to be on Celebrity Death Match at MTV tonight.
To see which one really gets to do Neal, so to speak.
God, here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello Neal.
Why are you so insensitive?
Because I'm a prick.
You're a prick.
That's right.
Tell that bitch to go back to Massachusetts.
Go back to Massachusetts, bitch.
Oh, man.
I got to...
I got to...
I got to...
I got to...
I got to suck into it on Saturday.
And then I finally saw the light and said, you know, it's just like any other people that would die.
And I said, I think the only way we can get away from this stuff in Channel 7 News and CNN and all of the stuff is that the Weather Channel would have re-propelled the stuff.
And you know something.
The Weather Channel was still doing stuff about the weather and Cape Cod and all this other crap.
Even the Weather Channel yesterday, I turned over there for a little comic relief.
And either they were doing the crap.
Yeah, they're a bunch of...
But even on MTV, like I said, 430 yesterday, they're talking about mumbling about, well, we're still hoping and they haven't found anything yet.
And we're hoping, you know.
I was just watching CNN earlier and they just reported, it was blasting and went through John Ascended.
He's a...
Mine before he died and it was a control panel, you know.
And it's just like...
Ridiculous.
I mean, what else do I have to talk about?
Maybe the people on MTV are a little bit slow.
Maybe they think the Kennedys are so special they have guils to breathe underwater with. Maybe that's it.
And you'll have a good day and can I call Steve and my brother Jeff, a big hairy fat douchebag.
Firstly Steve, okay.
I have a good one.
567-0560-Ponfice.
So what's the deal? I got 12 doctors' appointments. God, it's gonna be busy, huh?
I'm gonna be... they're gonna have enough blood taken out of me to fill a guy damn blood bank.
Oh, the other one ain't told Monday, so you can make more blood before then.
Oh, no, that's okay. I can go to that. I can compare. I can gear comparison. Shop.
I have a new hobby. It's boring here in the summertime. I'll just go...
I'll do like the old people do. I'll go to the doctor every day.
Yeah, that's what you do when you get old here. You go to a different doctor every day.
Kill some really good time, man.
Then you're for an sooner later you'll find one that'll give you something that'll kill you.
567-0560-Ponfice60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's plantation. Hello.
Neil? Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. Listen, one of the good doctors.
Oh, yeah. I'm the guy who called you about Dr. West by the way.
You're the... that...
Oh, thank you very much by the way.
Thank you very much. Well, I want to give you another name after.
But I want to... I don't want any more doctors. I'm already up to my quote in, doc.
Well, you like this guy. He's an Indian.
Oh, I don't... I don't quote Indian.
Okay. Anyway, I want to...
Well, I'll not put one of those things on my forehead.
Anyway, one of the reasons I'm calling you is because you talk to the mainstream, you know, in this state.
You know, when people get mad they can't... I don't know how you say it, but they can't vent it.
Yeah. And you usually vent it for us?
Yes.
I'm reading the paper today to some Sentinel.
I see a smiling face of this woman who was...
Get on bail for a million dollars.
This is the SLA member who put bombs under a police car and try to kill some cops.
Yeah.
And she's just smiling away and she... You know what?
Public opinion is just going to go right for her and say she...
No, no, it's not. Oh, you don't think so.
No, it's not. Are you kidding me?
What about that blood?
That are fried that bitch.
Yeah, I know. I agree with you.
What about that black guy in Philadelphia who executed that cop who made the commencement speech for that college out in California?
Yeah.
Everybody stood up and shared him.
I mean, what's going on in this world where we start making these guys who are killers putting them on pedestals.
Yeah.
Understand.
See, that's another reason they're going to have the death penalty.
I'd say, you know, have the trial in about 15 minutes and then fry them like before midnight. That's the way to do it.
But you know about...
Just like with Ted Bundy, 10 years they wait for...
Right.
And by the way, thank God they never escape either, you know what I'm saying?
You don't have to only broke out of jail twice.
You know what about this guy?
I'm talking about Philadelphia right.
Yeah.
So I had to preach his all the time on the radio.
And this poor wife is by herself and that's fine.
Nobody's backing her up.
You're the only one who speaks up and off he has.
By the way, I hate to break the news to some of these people up there in Fort Lauderdale.
But when there's some crazy person running around in the streets waving a gun,
the cops don't really have time to stop and ask questions and find out if they've loaded or not.
Okay?
I know that may come as a great shock to some very ignorant people up there in Fort Lauderdale,
who are always looking to scream racism every time one of their people does something grotesque and unacceptable.
And the cops have to be fine.
But they don't have time to check and see how many bullets are in there.
See, this is why I mean, this is great the way you defend them.
Tell it the way it is and if you can't,
tell us what the people can't stand it because they're emotional cripples.
Look at this thing that I called before.
That's probably taken my aunt to lunch today at McDonald's.
Okay, listen, since I gave you a good lead on back to West,
I just do this off the air so I don't get to George.
No, let me try the other two first.
All right.
If I need you, I'll let you know on the ear.
All right.
I'll put you in the next video.
Thanks, Steve.
Thanks a lot.
You're the doctor.
Dr. West is the best.
Bye-bye.
Thank you.
I'm Tonya Muntting.
I may need a shrink before this day is over.
Drilling is going to go on a whole four out.
What is that?
That's our life.
That's construction.
Did you see Mark Mosley poke his head in here?
He's trying to get some production to work done.
Yeah.
He's right next door to where they're driving.
And of course, our program director, he's offered another meeting with a guy named
Heracunes because we have another make-busy project now here at the station.
And that's all his Heracunes sports.
And like I told him, it doesn't make a blip on the Richter scale.
If the Heracunes win air big game for the next 50 years, it still isn't going to make one blip in the ratings.
Or one dime a profit for this station.
All that does is make for a lot of work.
Okay, and kill some time.
And so now we got the nephew running the radio station because Sam is busy doing something with Jordan Knight,
which I probably can't see on air what he's doing to him.
You know what I'm saying?
Squared Squared.
He's doing something together that has something to do with...
Back up.
...for nevertheless.
So the nephew is running the station now.
Bossing the interns around.
Bapapapapa.
Making him feel real butch in macho.
And he still smells bad.
Fuck it in and hold it.
If you like books on tape, listen closely for an offer that you may very well find almost isn't drinking and every bit is expensive.
Introducing books on paper.
Books on paper can take exactly the same words I hear on audio tapes.
The only difference is I have to read each word to get the story.
Books on paper.
There's just like books on tape, except that all passages have been provided in handy and easy to use, transcript form.
I'm so glad I found out about books on paper.
Instead of pushing buttons to try to fast forward through the boring part, all I have to do is flip the pages.
It's so much easier.
That's right.
And books on paper mean no moving parts.
So you can take them to the beach and not worry about sand getting into sensitive electronic components.
Oh, the books on paper.
They're like rad, dude.
Get books on paper.
And coming soon, it's books on paper on tape.
The audio recording of the transcript that they can set, you know, more convenient audio tape form.
27 before 11 at 560 WQM as we continue solving the pressing problems of the world like pants.
567, oh, I mean, thank God they finally stopped with the drilling, by the way.
Of course, it would have been better like before the spot starter would have probably been a better idea.
But better late than ever.
Yes?
All set for tomorrow.
All set.
Okay, I don't know why I said that.
So if my mother's listening, don't panic.
I'm not going to the doctor at 3 o'clock and you can still go ahead and make lunch, but not too much.
And don't blame me for the corkies brought in all this food.
Okay?
And too bad that your sister's upset with what I said about the Kennedy just today.
I don't do this show for your sister, okay, Ma?
Okay?
I'm not doing this show for rich millionaires living in the Hallondale.
Weed and McDonald's.
Here's a mobile invoker. Hello.
Neil Rogers, sir.
Yes, sir.
You, I want to explain to him, yeah.
I was talking to somebody last night at dinner about you and I asked him, do you happen to listen to Neil?
And he said, yes, I said, you basically agree with everything you said.
And he said, yeah, and then the good thing about Neil is he's one of the very few people in the world that I'm not afraid to say it.
Yeah.
Which makes me a very happy person.
I have a way that we can actually make a good thing out of this JFK problem.
What Teddy has to do is come on TV tomorrow and now he's going for a final running for the presidency
and that indicates the run of JFK Jr.
And I guarantee you that you'll get every electrical, every electoral vote out there.
I think that would be pretty impressive.
Yeah.
And what's the algorithm I think about that?
Oh, oh well.
Yeah.
What name is more powerful?
How can you be the guy with an evervesting personality like the algorithm?
I'm sure you're kind of bubbly.
Yeah.
No, it's the JFK Jr. that's bubbly now.
That's true.
That was bad.
Okay.
Thank you, sir.
I don't care.
I mean, I make it tasteless tacky jokes because of the fact that I'm ordinarily wouldn't do that.
But I'm so pissed off at the attitude.
There's so many idiotic people out there.
He's a dead man.
He's another person who died like everybody else this sooner or later.
And it was premature and it was an accident and it was unfortunate.
And that's the end of it.
There was no great significance to this man.
Period.
To John John.
No, seriously, the more I hear about it, the more makes me want to go to the John.
John.
And they're starting to go down drilling again.
You people down there are crazy people.
Why can't they do that?
Like, what is it?
Hanks and shulas today, okay?
They got four hours this afternoon.
Hanks got into building.
We do not have a show originating in the building between two and six.
Six o'clock we got Donnie B.
They could take a half hour break there.
And then we got the Marlon game.
The Braves at the Marlon's tonight at the P.P. Park.
So they got all those hours they could be doing this drilling and swung and hacking and
noisy and without interrupting any goddamn show.
But they wait until there's a show on the air where it's nonstop talking that requires
a certain amount of attention and they're drilling up a storm and tearing a building apart
because there's nobody here in the building to tell them to cut the crap.
Because Bluff, of course, our macho program director, she's busy over there with her
hercones, okay?
Having another holding another big meat over there about the hercones sports.
I heard it's got the inside track I'm doing to play by play by the way.
That's what I hear.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the eighth.
I don't want to tell you who's going to bet for them but you can use your own imagination.
Okay, I don't want to mention no.
I don't want to say that was funny.
Here's Weston. Hello.
How are you doing from Speaks, Eddie?
Okay, sir.
I've got to be honest with you.
I rarely listen to your show, but I'm here.
Why is that?
Talking about Kennedy.
How can you survive without listening to this show?
Talking to your friends who are surviving in this ultra-boring-ass town without listening to this show?
I got to go to school.
I've got to be honest with you.
Kennedy thing, I had nothing against him.
But I really had something against the media in Tony Ciguro.
Tony Ciguro is a jackass man.
I'll tell you right now.
He's an asshole.
He's, you know, you have to dial Kennedy in Paul Casteren over this morning.
You have to dial Kennedy, you know?
Paul Casteren over is on here doing a Kennedy suck job too.
It wasn't bad enough.
He sucked in the arpeinuses at the other day on their penny sales tax.
And then when Chris Farley died, I mean, I thought he was great.
The top story was like how fears had to fail or something.
Yes, here's his habit of sale on sheets and pennies, yeah.
On white sheets.
Yeah.
Well, welcome to America, man.
It's a really sick place.
All right.
Have a good one.
And God bless you.
20 Phil Noon at 560 W.
Chris Farley, more talent is little fat finger than JFK Jr.
Ever had in his whole body.
He's dead.
John Candy, more talent in the cuticle of his little finger than JFK Jr.
Ever had in his entire body.
Dead.
Anybody care about that?
No.
No.
Did they make a big timmis on CNN and Fox and MSNBC and CNBC when he died?
No.
No, maybe for about five minutes.
I'll tell you what, I'm going to do the opposite.
Instead of mourning, you know what I'm going to do?
The myths that I walk out of here.
I'm going to light up one of these great Pradoomo squareds.
The intelligent choice it says in the box.
The series Y2K.
Where's that A2K?
Isn't that what Michael said at the end of the movie and Godfather won
when they got the divorce A2K?
When she said she had the abortion?
It was a son.
It was a son.
Remember that?
I wouldn't bring another one of you
to get an eGuido grease ball.
I don't care how many of you get grease balls coming out of the woodwork.
I'm Italian Irish.
I listen to my croutmic friend.
I know band leader.
Yeah.
Let's just do the whole dialogue to the Godfather.
They feel like it.
I just feel like in that movie.
Maybe one of these Pradoomo squares, if I put this in my push,
I'll feel like, look a brought to you or something like that.
That I cannot do.
I'm going to tell you that this is a book of the testicles.
The testicles.
Listen to me.
This is stand by and steam for sofa king.
Understand where everything is held to the high sofa king's standards.
The selection isn't just huge.
It's so fucking huge.
Believe me, you'll never shop anywhere else.
And sofa king's price is not just low.
They're so fucking low.
You'll never find them anywhere else.
Listen to me.
When I say sofa king as a beautiful store, I mean sofa king beautiful.
When I say the staff is helpful, I mean sofa king helpful.
Listen to me.
Get to know the sofa king and enjoy a selection of sofa king huge.
A staff at sofa king courteous and price is that a sofa king low.
You'll never shop anywhere else.
But don't take it from me.
Take it from satisfied customer Frank and Stein.
So fucking good.
You set a Frankie sofa king good.
Okay, it's 1145 at 560 WQM.
We have 220 only one open lot.
Look at that.
5607.05.60.
I'll tell you one thing.
I can't like this up because it's a non-smoking building.
And I don't want Chris running around going everybody up.
You know, since he's running and enjoying.
But he did go down there and get the construction people to stop with that direction to left at 2 o'clock.
Nice going Chris.
He's in charge now.
How do you like that?
And you realize when Chris is also going to be out, then Greg's son is going to come in and he'll be in charge.
And then when Greg's son is like going off to school somewhere, then the daughter is one of them will be in charge.
The ones that don't look anything like their alleged father.
And then when they're out of town, I think that in reeky comes in and runs the joint.
Here's a mobile inaventura.
Hey, good afternoon.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I came and lead in a conversation by interest to the reason why I look up for a new doctor is seeking to get lab work done.
Yeah, I mean, at that part of it, I'd like to have a doctor that I can, you know, every now and then go through and see.
But I do need lab work done badly, desperately.
Yeah, because we run a clinical laboratory down here in Dave County.
You don't need to go to a doctor to get the lab work done.
Yeah.
Yeah, but you're in Dave County.
I don't want to spend any more time in Dave than I have to.
We'll set up for bottom is out there.
You want?
You sitting in the office?
You sitting in the office?
You're sitting in the office?
You're sitting in the office?
Well, that too.
I'll put bottom is you want to move out of that chair?
Yeah.
Do the show we could draw your blood?
I know your results should be.
You know, the range.
I'll have my medical director.
Look at your results and if you get evidence, bad thing you can go waiting at doctor's office.
Well, I'm not waiting to know doctor's office.
I got an appointment tomorrow.
I'll tell you when the little hand hits the big hand, they better be ready for me.
You want to say?
I'll go ahead and get you out of there.
But listen, I'll tell you what, give George your number though, because that's a very good thing, because I would like to do that now and end.
I couldn't do it today anyway, because I just ate and you have to be fasting to do these things right.
You know that.
Absolutely.
I'm going to take over your office.
Great, hold on and give George your rainfall.
Thank you.
There you go.
I'm lying for it.
Take care of that.
We'll get everything taken care of.
In fact, we'll get all the stuff done again in here.
I'll never have to leave the house.
We'll bring a goddamn bed in here, a cot.
We'll bring in my, uh, attachy ultra vision big screen TV.
We'll get up to the goddamn satellite dish.
That's what we'll do.
Maybe then I can be around a building every now and then spice up some of these other boring shows on this station.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
I want to go with the idiot.
Miami.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Yeah.
Three to hell this morning.
I saw a little article here about the court uphold gambling rolling.
Do you see that?
No.
It's the says here, uh, Bob Butterworth's most recent effort to shut down gambling machines on Hollywood Seminole Reservation got shut down to see itself.
Oi!
The suit brought, they had 17 years of bickering.
We need closure on this issue.
Butterworth said one of the suit was filed in 1996.
He may have gotten it to see.
Great.
I'm so glad.
Some other days they just said to Bobby Butterworth.
That's it man.
Great.
Thank you.
God bless you sir.
I want to bring that up because I'm a gambler too.
I love it and I blow all my money on gambling and I'm going to continue to do it.
Anybody who's going to have you want with it?
Effab baby.
Absolutely.
All right.
Thanks now.
See ya.
There you go.
Bobby Butterworth.
Lim Piscott says.
Get it up and run out.
Everybody else the same thing.
One.
Oh I see.
You had that expected.
That expectation look on your face.
Okay.
We got 400 open lines now.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
By the way, why do we have a moment or two while the lines are filling up again and if they do?
And if not who cares?
There are two letters to the editor and they herald this morning with this sun.
Like, I still can't tell.
Well, in one of our crap papers.
One says.
Love and joy overcame prejudice and bigotry about all the couples that came out.
For the defensive marriage act that thing the couples that came out of the settlement.
So on it's from Sydney Beeson.
Vice President of the Parents and Friends of Les Bees and Gays in Fort Lauderdale.
It's a short about four very short paragraphs.
And then right next to it to the left of it is a 7,000 paragraph of a letter to the editor by May be Simpson and Margate.
Maybe.
In fact, I asked the what's his name.
Roll.
The two people he said.
May be Simpson.
I said, God, I didn't even know she knew them.
Article tells our children it's okay to be sinful.
Okay?
Okay.
Race God calls article on July 11.
There will be sorrow and suffering for Jews and Gentiles alike who keep on sinning.
But there will be glory and honor and peace from God for all who obey him.
Whether they are Jews or Gentiles.
For God treats everyone the same.
He will punish sin wherever it is found.
Romans 2 9 through 15.
Last week, sin was found on the front cover of the local section in your article.
For gate couples love recognized.
Why must you propagate this sinful lifestyle?
Why do our children have to read this material and think that God created man to meet with man and that it's okay?
God says it's an abomination for man to meet with man.
And the end result is an eternity in hell.
And the man instead of having a normal sex relationship with women burned with lust for each other.
Men doing shameful things with other men.
And as a result getting paid within their own souls with the penalty so they richly deserve Romans 227.
It's also written on the wall of the Copa by the way.
As for the photo included with the article of Mike Flanagan, Rich Gammon, it's blasphemy.
Do you know why?
If Michael Flanagan who was seen wearing a crucifix was a Christian indicative of one wearing a cross,
following the teachings of the church, his mate would be a woman to marry and procreate with, bear fruit and multiply, etc.
Mostly, etc. The crucifix in this case has no meaning.
It blasts themes and cheapens the sacrifice of God's only son Jesus on the cross.
The more the media promotes this sinful lifestyle, the more we will send our fellow brethren who swallow it to hell too.
Do you think there was a little play on words there or something when May said swallow it?
Articles like this teach our children that any immoral lifestyle is okay.
The truth is to love each other is to help each other know good and what is right.
So all can be united one day in heaven forever.
The trouble in your article is that man seems to think he knows more than God.
I pray that someday our media will show and teach the truth.
Rights may be Simpson in Margate.
Yeah, God.
Yeah, how do you like that?
Huh?
Another good Christian out there.
Another good Christian using her fairy tale beliefs to preach hate and sickness.
Nice going, May.
56670560, Pond 560 on the AT&T Wildest Line.
Here's Halendale.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Ed.
Hello.
What is it, sir?
I'm sorry.
Am I, oh, yeah, so am I.
56670560, Pond 560.
He is so obvious, man.
That one, he's of all of them.
He's the worst.
He has just got the most annoying just sounds like scraping your thing on a blackboard and fingernails
too.
Here's Pember Pines.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Listen, you know, the media is the one ripping this law out of shape.
And you know, you take it on yourself to take John Kennedy and the best family and rip them
and disgrace them with your words.
And you know, and you're going to be willing to swallow this man.
And you're going to be willing to waste them.
What does that mean?
It's a little fact that doesn't have to work either.
Yeah.
And what have to do with you guys?
Well, let me ask you this, Pat.
Let me ask you this, my loud mouth friend.
If I didn't have to work, you think I'd be sitting here talking to assholes like you?
You jackass.
Yeah, if I had the money to take out, I'd be sitting here taking crap from some asshole like
this.
I don't think so.
56670560, Pond 560 on the AT&T Wildest Line.
We got 1700 open lines.
You're all of a sudden.
The water is just open, wide open.
And most of the same, even here yet.
Here's Marco Island.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
On MSNBC, they were talking about how more tragic than the Kennedy plane crash this weekend is the fact that it's out
of Florida every day.
There's an overpaid pillow biting bag at that sucks.
Yeah.
Okay, great.
Okay, two in a row.
Let's go for three.
Okay, let's see if we can get another one.
56670560, Pond 560 on the AT&T Wildest Line.
Here's North Miami.
Hello.
Uncle Neil?
Yes, sir.
I just want to say I'm going to miss you.
I'm finally getting out of here.
I'm going to law school in 30 years.
Yeah.
And I have been raised on you ever since you did topics.
And I just want to say I just saw it for the poor bastards that lived down here.
Except for you, because you make a million a year, of course.
But I'm going to miss you.
You were one of the few black spots in my last down year that kept me kind of sane.
And that's it.
Short and sweet to the point.
Well, good luck to you, pal.
Thank you.
You'll need it up there.
Yeah, you know, kids do it.
I visited the school and I was in the lounge there.
And I heard, I was like, is that Hank?
And he was on the lounge talking about Belmont and all that.
Oh, man.
He followed me.
Uh-huh.
He followed me.
So, anyways, take care.
Well, first free food about Hank will be there.
Have a great day, pal.
Good luck.
Okay.
56670560, 0560.
This is your billow pie.
What is it?
Pillow, biting.
How's that go?
Faggot.
56670560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Sir, I need to find out one thing.
Squirm out on one thing.
If Ted Kennedy is so good, what has he done for us?
I want to make sure that you're not being hypocritical, too.
What does that mean?
You want to be sure that I'm not hypocritical?
What does that mean?
If you're putting down Ted Kennedy because he hasn't done anything.
Well, first of all, sir.
You want to be doing anything right now.
You want an answer and you want to just talk.
I want an answer.
I really do.
Let me say this.
He's been in the Senate for 35 freaking years from Massachusetts.
Because in the Senate, he knows when we're on the Senate.
So, would you, you don't want an answer, do you, asshole?
Okay.
56670560.
See, here's another guy.
He couldn't tell you when he was elected to the Senate.
He couldn't tell you when Chapacuda happened.
He couldn't tell you when the plane crash happened.
When he nearly got killed.
He couldn't tell you anything about Ted Kennedy.
Puh, puuh, puuh, puuh, puuh, puuh, puuh, puuh.
See, another example of how talk is cheap.
Every answer will just keep making noises.
You know what I'm saying?
And that's what this guy just did.
56670560.
I'm not being hypocritical.
Hey, that's my opinion.
I love the way everybody says, oh, what are you, hypocrite?
They don't even know what the word means.
They don't even understand what it means.
Even if he was a lousy senator,
which in my opinion he hasn't been.
But even if he was,
he served the country in the Senate for the last 35 years.
and not just because his name was Kennedy.
Because if he hadn't been doing things to carry out
the will of the people of Massachusetts
for those 35 years, especially in light of chap aquatic
and the drinking and the boozing and the women
and everything else, he never would have been re-elected.
Asshole.
So turn on C-span someday and tune in and see who the people are
who are introducing like medical healthcare legislation
and all kinds of other stuff that has to do with important things
that have to do with the American public
and not just the elite and the rich and the sport assholes
who are putting out dumb magazines.
But God forbid, because most of you are just like most of the public,
you're watching Lifetime.
Here's your key point, here's your key point.
Woo!
Water day!
Hey Ricky, all that know I have to hear your stupid song.
Here Ricky!
Here Ricky!
Here Ricky, when you're done, the soon something
that you start to hear Ricky.
Here Ricky!
Here Ricky!
Here Ricky!
Here Ricky!
Here Ricky!
Here Ricky!
I've done the best dishes.
You've got me all wrong.
I've done the best dishes.
Who do you like girls at all?
You're the one that's been so long since I've been running away.
This isn't a taste to love, it's all about the love of the play.
With the weak and angry, yeah!
You hiding side-by-side, the whole of your body, gone out.
It's time to have fun, the whole of your body, gone out.
The whole of your body, gone out.
Hey Ricky, tell me why you're still a certain birthday Ricky.
Hey Ricky!
I'll bet this person will love.
That's when, when you scream.
That's it, no propositions.
This girl's a natural thing.
That makes you feel the out of the box that wears you high.
It's all for this year's fourth time and I bet you like the night.
Yes!
And your third time.
You hide inside, I know who your body, gone out.
It's time to have fun, the whole of your body, gone out.
Who your body, gone out.
I've told you so many times before.
It's like being a turtle, you know, gives you that opportunity to put your head back into the shell and kind of hide.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Miami, hello.
Mobile in Miami.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes sir.
How you doing?
Okay, man, let me ask you a question.
What do you think about the Bisset family filing a suit against the Kennedy suit?
For what?
For Kennedy suit?
For what?
For kicking him up in an airplane?
Hey, I hate to break the news to you sir but she's the one that forced him to go.
He didn't want to go.
Supposedly she didn't want to be in the airplane.
No, no sir, you're wrong.
If you watch the news, she was the one that insisted on going and also making the two stops and dropping her sister off.
Okay, well the sister, why?
What they should have done maybe was just like flown kind of low and dropped the sister off the bottom of the plane,
maybe they might have landed safely.
That's the possibility.
She was the one who insisted on going, sir.
Yeah, when do you think all life's going to be over?
Need an 11?
When they've got the last drop of milk out of it, that's when it'll be over.
When they squeeze the last ounce of blood out.
And so the next one goes or something.
There you go.
I mean, I have a great day.
Okay.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Yeah, maybe I'm a little hypocritical there because I think Ted Kennedy is a great senator.
I got news for him man.
Ted Kennedy in spite of being a real scumbag personally has got more brains in his goddamn little finger than that other jackass has in his entire body wherever we'll have.
Here's a mobile in for a lot of deal.
Hello.
Hi Neil.
Yes sir.
First of all, I just have to say it amazes me how people are like grabbing and clawing through the radio trying to hurt you.
Yeah.
Oh, they're wounded, me man.
You know when they wound me the most every day on the 10th and the 25th of each month.
No, I mean, seriously, you know, you listen to some of these people and you know that they're just sitting there and they're frustrated beyond all belief that they can't...
Then why are they listening for?
I don't know.
It just astounds me.
I mean, don't you notice it?
I'm sure you do.
Don't I notice it?
No, I've never noticed it.
I mean, it's a phenomenal thing to me how people just sit there and reach out and trying... they're clawing at you.
But this is South Florida.
That's what you're supposed to do is reach out and hurt someone.
I don't know.
Well, the reason I'm clawing is...
Yes sir.
A couple of few days ago, I guess it was Friday, you were talking about white flight.
Yeah.
Well, I'm a white slider.
And I will admit it and I have no second thoughts about why I did it or where I went or anything else like that.
And speaking from a person that lived in a racially mixed-balanced neighborhood for 12 years, as it started turning darker.
Yeah.
I just... I felt uncomfortable.
Yes.
And I felt that things weren't right.
I noticed changes in the...
What are you doing with your phone?
Why are you twisting it and yanking it and your phone?
It's a mobile.
It's a mobile, so...
But it sounds like you're twisting it around a little bit.
Like you're twisting in the wind.
No, no, no, I'm just talking.
It's just I'm walking around, so while I walk around...
Stand still, stand still, stop walking.
And while I'm getting vertigo.
Well, don't go into another dive in Cris.
Well, that's what I'm saying.
And we heard a lot about vertigo last couple of days. I don't want to do it.
Exactly.
Well, we've got Calford Hitchcock and James Stewart.
What you said is exactly true.
And I think that maybe it takes a little courage to admit it.
I don't know.
People are afraid to admit it.
But these people are as spineless and they talk about hypocritical.
The average white person that moves out of a neighborhood because black people are moving in...
Is going to make up eight million reasons before they'll...
And it's like the Mark Furman thing.
Like everybody is so supposedly outraged because of the N word.
Because how many white people in this audience you think never use the word nigger, huh?
And you think I'll find anybody in this audience that never use the word nigger,
whether they're white or black?
Probably not.
Probably not.
But I mean...
I'd find more trash in this street and my kid was the only white kid at the bus stop.
And so on and so forth.
And I wasn't comfortable.
Well, I look for the life of me.
I can't understand unless somebody is a wildly hysterical liberal.
I can't imagine why any white person would want to live in an almost entirely black neighborhood.
Any more than I could understand why a black person would want to live in an entirely white neighborhood.
Except for the fact that if you're an affluent black person, you don't want to live in a neighborhood that's like a ghetto.
Or is like in a lower middle class kind of environment.
You want to live in what you feel is a safer, more desirable atmosphere.
I guess you're right because now where I've moved to there are affluent black people.
Right.
And it's racially mixed.
And I was never uncomfortable when our neighborhood was racially mixed.
It wasn't the same.
But when I became a minority, and I mean a severe minority.
Yes, sir.
And I felt like I didn't belong there.
And you're right. I'm glad you got out.
And they all said the neighborhood would have held a lot better for it.
Have a great day, pal.
I know.
Okay, we got 6,482 open lines here all of a sudden.
56670560, pound 560 on a mobile one line.
Here's Boka. Hello.
Hey, Uncle Mia. Welcome to the Festival of Hature.
Okay. Hey, maybe a glimmer of hope for you.
I came across this on the internet on MSNBC's homepage.
Yeah.
There's actually an opinion column.
The guy's name is Rick Stangle.
And...
And it's entitled Let the Myth Rest in Peace.
Right.
Getting over our obsession with the Kennedy.
Right.
And so it's mainstream media out there.
I guess there's a little voice out there.
The best one that I saw on it in the media of public grief
that attends the death of John Kennedy and other celebrities
suggest a poverty in our own line.
Right. Oh, that's beautiful.
So they built from four Myers years today
who talked about his pathetic, meaningless, crappy life over there
and about how he's got to live vicariously through some celebrity.
There you go. So if you have internet access,
they'll check it out. It's a pretty good piece.
Excellent. Can I get a couple douche bags?
Yes, sir.
Nick and Ken Dan and Pembroke Pines, your a couple of douche bags.
Thank God bless you.
Thank you so much.
I have no life.
That's what they're all trying to say.
I have no life.
Soon as I said that yesterday,
that's when the phones went dead,
talking about people living vicariously through somebody else famous
because supposedly those other famous people are so glamorous
and most of them turn out to be misfits anyway
and die some gruesome, horrible death,
usually with drugs and booze.
Oh no, but they're, they're, they're, they're glamorous.
Yeah, great.
There are a bunch of scumbags, most of them.
It's like athletes.
I've been to a plenty of athletes.
And except for hockey players,
most of whom at least can speak some language,
most jocks are at the very best boring
and in most cases terminal, ponderous.
The most exciting thing most of them can say is,
and that's with difficulty.
That's just somebody else spells it for them.
I just got another bag.
There was a no farmer who lives on a rock
he's adding the metal just shaking his head
and some boys who were down by the frick.
There being the water there is on their marbles
and play things that at half past four.
Their female young lady, she looked like a pretty young creature.
She sat on the grass.
She pulled up her dress and she showed them her ruffles
and laces and white fluffy darts.
She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children
so they would not spend.
While the boys in the far yard were shoveling
raps you send later from yesterday's hunt.
While the girl in the meadow was rubbing her eye
that the fellow down by the dot.
He looked like a man with a sago ball home
in the country with a big fence out front.
If he asked her from lightly,
she'd show him her little pet dog who was subject to bitch.
And maybe she'd let him grab hold of her small dinner
and with a movement so quick.
And then she'd bend over and suck on it.
Candy's so tasty, made of butter, sky.
And then he spread with cream all over her cookie
that she had left out on her shelf.
If you think this is dirty, you can go f**k yourself.
Well, it felt like a finger anyway.
Okay, 1216 at 560 WQAM
as we continue our rolling along.
Sing them a song.
Four lottery I might pick a pitch for a new ballpark.
Any calls about that?
No.
Tax referendum election will go on a week from tomorrow.
Anybody got care about that?
No.
Literally editor about the f**k stuff.
Any calls about that?
No.
Anything about the, what's the other stuff here?
Oh yeah.
Chargers wrapped against Denny McClain.
We can go back to jail and serve out the rest of the eight-year sentence and b.
If you look up the word scumbag,
see what I just said about athletes?
Here's Denny McClain, whose most famous comment by the way in history was...
Once, 30 games, 1967.
I was love it in Michigan.
Saw him pitch many of game at Tiger Stadium.
What a great pitch he was.
You read one, 30 games, scumbag.
Also became a radio talk host.
Sports talk host, most of whom are scumbags.
And he had been indicted with John A. Jr. Gotti,
accused of concocting a scheme to sell worthless telephone calling cards.
However, they could conclude that the Rio case would be very difficult to
prosecute and they would do here the fraud charges against McLean and Anthony
Plomatallo and Michael Zamboiros. The 55-year-old McLean had been in West
Jester County jail awaiting trial. He'll return to federal prison in Louis
Ron Pennsylvania where he needs to serve about five more years of an eight-year
sentence for our meat packers pension fund swindle. Remember that when he stole all
our pension money, huh? Remember those days? He's going, Danny. Here's a mobile
in Hollywood. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi, Neil. How are you? Great. I've been
listening for a few months. I think you're great. I think your priorities are
right in line and that's why everyone else has pissed. I got a quick
traffic report. The term pike at Hollywood Boulevard. You not take the term pike
stop. It is completely closed down. I'm in it. There's been an accident. I'm
calling also about the black thing. When I was growing up, I like to... Hello. Yeah,
when I grew up in Carroll City, Highlya, Opalaca, and every one of those, if
you could find me a black neighbor today, all black, that does not look like a
ghetto, I would be amazed. All right. Now, the prequels, if we can find you one,
that doesn't look like a ghetto, will you move into it? No. I move out of them, you
know? I mean, it was terrible. I mean, you get... No, but I'm saying if we found you
a black neighborhood with all blacks in it, that there was really upscale and
real classy and clean and very desirable. No, no. I probably wouldn't. I'm
unlidey. So, why didn't you say they all look like a ghetto? What
difference does it make? The fact that... Why don't you just say you don't want to live
in a mewana, be a white person in the middle of a all black neighborhood? There's
nothing wrong with that? Yeah, I do. I do enjoy living amongst my own
kind. We're either the feathers screwed together. That's how it works. That's
right. Monkeys see monkey do. Don't say monkey, man. I did for a lot of
time. I post that. That's right. Don't be saying monkey. So listen, so this
John F. Kennedy thing, yeah. You know what? You know who should be sad? It should be
the family members because they lost the family member. Not all these other
idiots and morons out there that never knew the guy. He didn't do anything for us.
Like you said, he has a magazine and he's the son of a president, which we
we... Which we even grew up with. What question, that's right. A lot of people thought he
was a nice guy, but turns out he was the son of a president. Yeah, I hear you.
And, you know, I just think you're doing a great show and I enjoy listening to you
and I like someone that speaks their mind. Amen. And that's something. And watch out for those
parts. Okay, have a good day. Okay, 5, 6, 7, 05. When you called about that black thing,
which I have in my hand right now, by the way, it's kind of spongy after where I got
done with it. He actually said that it was in somebody's
spectrum and I think it may have been his. Oh, I'm still touching the damn thing. God,
it's been washed. 5, 6, 7, 05, 60. By the way, I was in the other day member. I had to go
take a... After the show like two days in a row, something about eating the timing of my
lunches. And I'm sitting in there and somebody... I'm not one of those people that looks
through the crack in the door to see who it is taking leak. Unless, of course, it might
be him and he wasn't here yesterday. But, well, you know, he might turn around real quick.
But no, seriously, I don't want to... I don't care who it is. Just get the hell out of
there and let me... Okay, make all the noise I want and have a real good, healthy one.
And this person, whoever it might have been... Oh, I know who it was and I don't even know
what his name is. Is it Carlos? Not Carlos, so with the orange hair, our good friend.
But the other Carlos, the one that thinks his stuff doesn't stink. You know what I'm talking
about? The kind of chubby one. Yeah. He thinks his stuff doesn't stink. Oh, yeah. Who
said that? Somebody said he's not like the most friendly guy. Probably Joe, I think Joe
hates him. Why does Joe hate him and that Chris guy so much? But anyway, so it was him
because when I... He was washing his hands after he took a leak. Well, maybe he got some
back splash. And first of all, you don't get back splash on your hands. You don't care.
You ever get back splash on your hands? Sometimes. And even if you did what differences it
make is you're in filthy? Yeah. No, it's not. That's yucky. No, it is not. It is to me.
No, you're not. You're again, you're rationalizing because it's one of your people, okay? If
it would have been like a... Not one of my people. He's something. He's got a little
something in him. And I shouldn't have said who it was. It doesn't make any difference.
I bet you there are a lot of guys in this building who wash their hands just out of
it because they've been brainwashed. Then after they take a leak, they got to wipe it. I
know I've been through this many times before, but it annoys me. If I get something on my
hands, I'm going to wash it. No. Look, let me say it again. If you respect your
member, you tickle. If you're that concerned about hygiene, you wash your hands before
you take a leak. Not afterward. Sometimes I do. If that thing is if any value to you,
you wash your hands before you touch it. And God only knows if you're going to let anybody
else touch it, make sure they scrub like crazy. And they're hands too. What are you talking
about? Here's Boka. Hello? Boka. Going once. What is it?
What is it, sir? Hello? Yes? Yes. Speak to me, sir. What can we do for you?
Okay. Have a great life. Jackass. 567-0560-0.560 on the mobile one line. Here's
Hi, Alia. Hello? Any other day, then? Okay, sir. I wonder if you heard that Brigham
Arden has a contract with the Kankin Merit for three years. Is that like to hide that
he's in the closet? He has a contract with the Kankin Merit. I don't know. I heard
it on Oprah Winfrey. I would ditch that girlfriend. If you got a girlfriend, it's watching
Oprah Winfrey. You got a real, real tourist coming in. Better that than Jerry Springer.
Yeah, that's true. And as far as washing your hands, I washed before I touched my
member. Well, there you go. Actually, nice choice, Valor. You got to respect it. And if
I wash it, I try and use napkins to touch the stalk because you don't know who's touched
rubber gloves, baby. Light pick. Have a great day. You too, Neil. But wash your hands after
you take a leak. What a bunch of pansies, man. Some of you men out there, some of you
viral heterosexual men. You're a bunch of pussy. Beerus for you. Wash your hands after
you take a leak. Christ, those are probably guys that went to you with them. They're
probably Huracun grads with like Tommy cigarette. Oh, God. He's an asshole. I can say that
again. That's a compliment. Here's Pompato B. Chilla. Hello, Neil. A couple of questions
hypothetical. I just got to ask it. I'm going to name five or six people. Tell me if they
mattered. If we were today in hands or touch our lives, you ready? Did they touch us?
Well, enhanced or did anything that made our lives more secure? I think that you're 50
or 60 people. I'm going to give you my life. This is these if he's ready. You'd be five
or six hundred people that touched me and enhance my life a lot. You don't know. I don't
know their names. Go ahead. Okay. First one is Donald Trump. Would it matter if he kicked
the bucket? Well, when you say would it matter? Would we be crying? Would we be crying?
No, I know. If you ask me, you're asking me if I would be crying, I can only speak for
myself. No, yourself. That's what I'm doing. No, I would not. Okay. He's much to do about
nothing. Robert Walters. No, I would I would I would have a party. You have to. He's
okay. But again, he did. I mean, you're asking the wrong guy on that. See, I don't really
care about that. I have a Congressman Barney. Barney Frank.
Barney Frank? Yeah. He's a good guy, but I'm not going to say I would have a nervous breakdown
about it. I'm sure Dick Amy, Army might. I love you. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Whatever you
say. Oh, God. I like decent quiet. And I don't need to listen to Barney Frank.
Barney Frank. I'm crying in in my ear because I made a few bucks off a book I worked on.
Okay, Dick. Twenty. I hear a Barney likes Dick anyway. It's better that comment.
I'm going to ask. What a joke.
A salesman just told me a car he said had only been driven by a lady to church. He was
trying not to smile but he giggled all the while as I put in here the thing to slurred.
Well, the car starts rolling in the brakes won't stop it.
Off in the horn in the pedestrian side. I think I saw a rust on the roof and the door.
He's a street through a hole in the floor. Now I know why the car was cheaper than real
bad smell in the back seat. A friend say that a shoe to know. When the thing it just makes me grow.
You just bought a crap car from your money. Oh, way. Oh, yeah. That's a crap car.
Good. Give it away. I think that it's starting.
It's a crappy car. Not a road.
I got an eight track with a tape. I can't find it. The lighter might work but I cannot find it.
There's only one way you can start it. You just better be on it.
There's a lady park. I got some tape to go for a ride. She takes her head. She's too young to die.
I think it's sad. I think it's true. A girlfriend thinks that I got true.
You just bought a crap car. You could forget our date.
Hey now. That's a crap car. Will you throw it away?
Is a crappy car. It's a road.
And now it's starting.
Is a crappy car.
Not a road.
God damn fucking idiot.
1231 at 560 WQAM. Here's the fact that it says urine and a healthy human is...
Squirt Squirt?
Stero. That's what Frackin' Fort Lauderdale says.
So what are you worried about a little urine? Okay. A little back splash.
That's just an excuse you're making for being a pansist.
You don't wash your hands after you take a leak. No real man washes his hands after we take a leak.
What if my girlfriend wants to suck my fingers?
She's not going to do that if there's urine on them.
What about your wife? Over her.
560-705-60, pound 560 on a mobile one line.
Tell her, well guess what honey, my fingers are a little dirty but my...
His clean is a bell. Clean is a whistle.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hello? Yes sir.
Hi and y'all are going.
Great.
About that angry letter the lady wrote about the gaze and the Bible and all that.
Yes sir. And Jesus.
I mean it's true that if you do read the Bible it'll...
It says they're brain to jello right?
It says it's immoral and all that homosexuality but I think what people fail to do is...
Flavory was okay but homosexuality was okay.
I think it's a personal decision. I think if it fits you know you're being or whatever
you know it's fine if it doesn't then you know you don't...
Stoning all over the border.
That was okay but homosexuality that was bad.
You know another thing is that we're reading it in English and in Spanish these days but it was
you know it was in Hebrew that it went to Greek it went to Latin and then finally...
And that's when the Greeks escorted all along.
Correct him.
That's when it really went to all of the handcrafts.
The ancient prophets were deciphering from an even ancient language from the...
The language of earth you know.
You know something no matter what language it's in you know what it all says?
That's what it all is a polychrist.
I think we just don't have a you know a connection over it just...
Pile of do do.
Live and let live.
There you go.
All right now.
Do no harm man.
Live and let live.
You can't be a good Christian do that.
You got to twist everybody else's arm and tell them how to live their life.
You got to be a busy body because you got to save them even if they don't want to be saved.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
You know.
Yes sir.
How are you doing buddy?
I'm doing great.
All right.
You know what I'm doing.
You know I listen to you show every day.
Yes sir.
And I had to show all the hell driving two executive guys for like those computer people think.
And the guy told the term to read you all of them.
I told him no.
He called my boss and got me fired.
Yeah.
You know what I mean?
I mean these guys because you know I guess speculated kids there.
You know what I mean?
He got you fired for listening to this show.
Right.
All kind of comment as much of garbage as that.
He told me to turn to read you down.
He told me that you should be in jail.
I should be in jail for what?
Speaking of the truth.
Right.
Right.
Yeah, they speculated to kiss the butt and then I was like,
there's called for it.
V.I.T guys.
Where was this place?
What place is this?
You over there?
Yeah.
Have a tour of the museum.
Have a tour of the museum.
Now you wanted the drivers?
Well, he fired me because the guy said,
you know, I wouldn't do what to say.
And basically we have to kiss the ass and I would
undo it.
Well, you want to give George your number.
We got all the little services in town.
Listen to the show.
Maybe we'll get you another job in two minutes.
Gotcha.
Okay, hold on.
Take the guys number online and wonder, okay?
That's what Maniac's telling the turn of the
radio down because they don't want to hear this show.
You want to kiss this guy's ass that he's got the show on
a radio.
You know what I give him like an extra $100 tip
for having to show on.
It's another public service.
Don't you be emotional cripples.
I can't stand the truth.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
See, that's the reason that bullcrap sells so much
is that we got millions and millions of people out there
who want to be bullcrap.
They love it.
Just feed me a lot more, man.
Just get out the big shovel and don't stop
till I tell you I can't handle no more.
Here's West Palm Beach.
Hella.
Hey, Neil, how are you doing today, sir?
Okay, sir.
I'm sick of society, Neil.
I hate the fact that you drive around,
you let people emerge in.
And you know, all you want is that little hand,
say thank you, people just...
Right.
Don't care about nobody about the town.
Well, that's cause you're in Florida, man,
because they're rude,
because they're obnoxiously rude.
It's no other way than wanting to do the light.
You just want to turn on that imaginary machine gun
that's in front of your vehicle and just laugh them away.
That's right.
You let a woman cross the street right in front of me.
Does she even acknowledge that I stopped the elevator?
No, she just walks right by.
Yeah.
I'm like, who the hell are you?
They all hate me.
Don't you understand?
They all have blinders on.
They're the only ones on the road,
the only ones on the sidewalk,
the only ones crossing the street.
They're the only ones don't confuse them
with the fact there's the rest of us.
I think, uh, I think, uh, Neil God,
that my parents raised me right now.
You have some manners.
I always say thank you, because man,
there are some rude...
And let me tell you something.
Every time when I go out of town,
no matter where it is,
I start acting like the people there.
In other words, you get on the elevator,
you say hello,
or, uh, you know, you hold the elevator open
so the other people can get off first.
You come back here, you get in your car,
and I don't even use my directionals here very much.
Almost never.
Anyplace else I'm driving like in Vegas when I get a rent a car.
I always turn the blinkers on.
I drive very politely.
But here, I almost never use them,
because nobody else does anyway.
So they're meaningless.
They've been rendered meaningless.
No, the worst ride I've done way here.
The worst part is I do it,
because, you know, I hate to cut people off.
I do turn on the blinkers.
But then they speed up and they don't want you to get over.
Yeah, right.
All right, that happens all the time.
God bless you, Neil.
Okay, and back to you.
The only time I do that is use it
is in the morning when I'm getting on 5.95,
because that's the people do use it there,
because there are people who get off of there
and there are people also getting on.
And anyplace else where people know how to drive,
you're like in Los Angeles,
on a freeways.
You put your blinker on,
you don't even have to look.
I mean, you do look because you can't be too positive,
but you only really have to look,
because you know that the person there behind you,
they're going to hit the break just tap it,
and let you in there.
That's the way people drive.
When you're out there in the road,
it's not like one person
and everybody else get out of my freaking way.
That's not the way it works.
It's like a cooperative effort,
which here, of course,
is in the vocabulary.
5.670560,
by the way, I got some music standing by today
if we get these phones real quiet,
which they seem to be starting to do the same.
Oh, yeah.
I'm not mucking around with it during the night,
and I'm going to the big time.
5.670560,
pound 5.60
on our prestigious mobile one-line.
Now, what was that?
That was another one of those things that I could think of.
Yeah, I think you allowed it,
because you would like to be smoking a cigar,
but you don't want to light it up.
Water's sponsored.
Good, it's great.
Read, join.
Yeah, we're not smoking cigars,
we're smoking blue.
Who's clothing you have?
Why they bought it?
Shots on the earth, man.
Look, it's coming up from the blue.
Yes.
Loading luggage can be a clue.
No.
She just so stopped.
Come on, the sea.
What's there worse than thought if it weren't for you or me?
No, no, no.
Where all fired up at the enemy group,
why does the sun miss you?
Shots on the ground.
Where all you've now is at the point of my mouth.
Yes.
Loading, coming up from the blue.
Loading luggage can be a clue.
Okay.
Loading luggage can be a clue.
Loading luggage can be a clue.
By the way, I mentioned it to you guys,
and Chuck and Dan brought it in.
I did that for us.
I don't think I mentioned that.
Chuck and Dan, so blame them.
Don't blame us.
Okay.
I think it's very tasteless and crude and disgusting and very ill time,
but nevertheless I played it anyway.
It's 1244-560-WQM.
So what does this thing that guy fact me about, oh, this is from the internet.
By Rick Stangle, the guy called about before.
He says, let us not turn it into the origin of sediment and commerce,
of mindless mythologizing, and cheap emotionalism that we saw with Princess Diana.
And he goes on at great length.
And he's right.
I don't want to read the whole thing because, quite frankly,
it just repeats what I've been saying.
Enough is enough already.
Okay. And see it end by the way, which I'm not watching.
I'm watching MTV and much music.
Anything else I can get my hands on.
It might have some good naked people on.
But nevertheless, every time I flip back to there like 30 seconds ago,
they still got breaking news.
I got up this morning.
When he was breaking news, they found a big chunk of the plane and his body was inside.
And here it is. It's a quarter to one.
That was seven o'clock. That was six hours ago.
It was breaking news. And they're still breaking it.
Jesus Christ and Saul.
What the hell kind of crap is this?
Breaking freaking news.
They found the body and you know something that was six hours ago they had a-
And he's still dead.
How do you like that?
And you get up tomorrow morning at seven o'clock and he-
Guess what? He'll still-
And it will still be breaking news.
I don't you wish they'd like some small country would start like a little war.
So something, anything, please.
I'm just-
I'm just a little bit-
Maybe Milosevic can start one last, you know, big-
And that's it.
Maybe Castro might have a bad deval movement or something like that.
And they're exciting enough for the local station to lease the interrupt and break in this crap.
Here's Miami. Hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Did you see on cable last night they interviewed Larry Flint?
No, I did not.
He was speaking about when he was invited by John John GFK Jr.
So that White House correspondent's dinner.
I think it was in the month of April.
Yeah.
And they asked him about this is the same guy who published nude photos of his mom 24 years prior.
And then he and he takes him to a black tied dinner as his personal guest.
Uh-huh.
Well, loser.
Oh, they were both publishers, man.
Yeah, but somebody published something about my mom.
You know, I'm not- you know, nude photos for the whole world, I see.
I'm not going to invite him.
You know, if I'm buddy- buddy with him.
Uh-huh.
And then they also were talking about there's a lady she's called the social secretary for Jackie Onassis.
Yeah.
She was saying that that whole salute was staged.
That they even put-
Well, everybody knows that.
Everybody knows that.
Yeah, that they put something in his right hand because he kept saluting with his wrong hand
when they were rehearsing.
Well, they showed it again last night on the PBS thing and you can see that she kind of nudges him
as the bastard is going by.
And he puts his hand up very briefly and then he kind of like curls his fingers up.
He didn't know what he was doing.
He was just barely three years old.
That's right.
Why does everybody make a big say-
You know what it reminds me of?
Do you remember when- when Diana's casket, when the procession went by Buckingham Palace and then-
were the bitchy old queen who they hated each other like poison.
Yeah.
She stood there anti-grudgingly because of all the public's-
and the hysteria-
She gradually gave that-
that nod with the head, you know, that kind of salute.
And they made a big deal about that.
And she ate three years old but she acts like it.
Have a great day, pal.
You too. Take care.
Okay.
Yeah, all this little symbolism, oh, you see that?
She had that look on her face and she nodded and oh, yeah, she-
she's finally showing her respect to the fairy princess.
No, the fairy princess is the one that just got married.
His name is Prince Edward.
That's the fairy princess.
Not Diana.
They hated each other like poison.
You can't imagine how much they hated each other and-
and- and the top of it all off the whole family there.
Not just Diana, but the whole bunch of them.
They don't want them out to a p-hole in the snow.
I wouldn't waste one of my little dogs bullets on them, okay?
The winters.
Like I said the other day, Germans masquerading as British.
And they're all curtsing and bowing down to them.
And yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda.
Big-big simmus.
The rich and the famous and the aponderous and the over-indulged.
That's what they need to do.
Those constipated brits they need to have a coup.
One day they get enough beers in them,
enough of that cheat crap they drink.
And just go in there and just take over the whole goddamn palace
and kick the winters out.
That's what I say.
I kick over the damn thing and spread-
and split up all the money.
So all those starring brits over there don't have to be eaten
so much spotted dick.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5.
And you said, told me yesterday,
there was a cockney thing which I thought was a very bad choice of words.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and top 5, 60 on the mobile one.
Well that's what you said.
Here's the lady mobile in North Miami.
Hello.
Hey, you know, I'm chasing such effective winters.
Back to what?
Winters, isn't your bookers?
That's what most people have.
Blinkers on their head.
Well, we should be losing them as well.
To set an example for everybody.
I think we all need to teach people how to drive.
I should be setting an example.
I don't worry about setting an example in a drive.
All I worry about is survival.
Well, survival, nobody will rear end your butt if you put on winters.
I don't think anybody is worried about rear ending my butt.
Okay, believe me, no chance.
Okay, well I think we should all use thinkers
and we should all have public service announcements
and everything of stupid language for all these third world people
in Haitian Creole and in Spanish and in English
advise people how to use the American track of law.
And Jamaican.
Yeah, I'm on.
Okay, fine.
Jamaican too, whatever you want.
But we need to teach these people that you need to use your turn signal.
You need to drive respectfully.
Yeah.
And you need to put your head lights on when it rains.
How come it's traffic stops here when it rains?
It's not snow for Christ's sake.
It's rain.
Explain that one to me.
Yeah.
I don't get it.
They're stupid and inept.
I don't get it.
We need to put headlights on when it rains.
It's dark out.
You can't see other cars out of respect for your own stuff
because you put your lights on and you should use your turn signal.
Yeah.
And we should be telling these people more all about this
and public service announcements.
Work our tax dollars on this.
Just do it.
No excuses.
Just do it.
Just blink it on and blink it off.
There you go.
Here's those headlights.
Okay.
Nice going, sweetheart.
I hope that you make announcements over here when it's raining out.
I'm getting nice.
As soon as I get off here at two o'clock, I'm getting a megaphone going out here on 441.
And I'm going to start bickering these bastards out.
I think you should.
Why should you do it?
Get one of your interns to do it.
We'll get JP to go out there and the bitch him out.
Yeah.
Put on.
Hold up.
Find him.
He's got four hangs callers.
He's going out there and bitching out some of the people on the road.
Okay.
Have a great day sweetheart and calm down.
Hey listen.
You're out there even getting paid much less.
I have to take a bunch of crap from callers out there.
I don't care what the nephew tells you.
Okay.
That's running around here today like he runs the joint.
I am my lifetime.
Seriously, if this was a shoe shine stand,
I never have seen a place like this.
This is just astonishing.
How this little inner circle of Greg Reed,
how they, you know, just kind of like, you know,
it's like a pecking order.
If I can use that word, can I use that word?
No.
Like I said, a peckering order.
And if this wasn't in here, well, this one takes over and then sand takes over.
And then of course, that's like the trickle down thing, you know.
And like if the important people from the inner circle aren't here,
then the nephew takes over.
He's running the joint and probably smoking it too.
And he's bossing around the interns.
And you don't talk to the callers like that.
And he's, you know, bossing around everybody except those of us who get paid for living here,
who would tell him to f off real fast.
Next time he comes in for free food.
I noticed he was eating okay today.
Didn't seem to be having no gagging reflexor and that problem.
I guess he'd like to price, huh?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
There he is.
Yeah. Back to you.
Okay. Thanks for getting him to stop the assign.
But then leave my buddy alone here.
Okay. He's under a lot of stress.
Then get lady up today.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Back on the hand washing issue.
Yes. Don't now.
Please don't tell me you wash your hands after you take a leak, sir.
Well, I just don't want to shake your hand ever in public.
The last thing I want is your urine on my hands.
I don't pee on my hand, man.
We must have a lot of people here with bad aim.
I'd have never peed on my hand in my life.
I'm 56 years old.
I must be missing out on something.
I have never peed on my hand in my life.
Okay. Well, how about worse than that?
I don't want your last night lovers.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, right.
Yeah, my last night lovers, whatever he's done, my penis.
Yeah, wow. That's interesting.
How does that work?
Maybe on a re-case face.
Well, he's just trying to clear up his complexion.
Now maybe that big thing will go away someday.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, what?
We'll see another guy making an apology.
Maybe try to turn it into a homophobic thing
because he's the pansy.
You're not fooling me for a minute.
You can try to turn it around just like all that anal sex craft.
You should have heard a little half an hour ago in here.
I don't want to mention it was George
that was trying to like pervert one of our young interns in here
that at least has enough common decency
that he's not trying to penetrate his girlfriend in the hall.
Got a little bit of decency here.
That's the least of their problems.
It was before, before you opened up a big mouth.
Well, he's got to move over to some Cuban chicks now, I guess.
You know, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
See, I try to have a little sensitivity for my friends.
I don't try to come on here.
I mean, if you want me to start a song and answer about how you got Shannon's birthday
is Friday her 23rd birthday written in 75 big bold letters on a calendar up there
because Crystal might be listening now.
We have a special present plan for her.
I'll bet you do.
At about two thirty.
At about two thirty.
And I hear you're going to have some serious competition
as to who's going to deliver it.
Here's a Marco Island, hello.
That's great.
It is great.
Listen, here's the odd guy.
I agree with you.
The angel perpetrator in there.
Yes.
See it on your hand.
That's ridiculous.
Nobody pays on their hands.
Whoever heard us such a thing.
Listen, when you go to the bathroom, you watch your hands first.
You don't touch your beautiful penis with dirty hands.
That's what I keep telling these people.
They just don't get it.
See, the thing that amuses me is that when people are brainwashed,
they're in a certain kind of behavior, which they do just by habit.
And then somebody says, you know, you're doing something.
There really makes no sense that it's stupid.
Instead of thinking about it and saying, you know something you're right.
They write away react with hostility.
Like, what do you know?
I had a fellow athlete who says, don't you wash your hands?
It's not.
I did piss of my hand.
I washed it before.
Right.
I don't piss of my hand.
Anyway, Neil, can I see a douchebag?
Yeah.
Good old darn you douchebag.
Thank you for having me.
Okay, clean up your act.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Engle sex.
What is wrong with you crazy heterosexual people?
Okay, see it's always the deflection angle, man.
So to speak.
Always trying to, you know, lace something off on the fags on this one.
It's everybody but us.
I'm not going to rehash, so to speak, what we went through two shows here last year
allowing this program.
Two of the most painful days of my life.
And I mean that literally just listening to all of this horrendous rectum talk.
God.
That was the beginning of a whole epidemic that started in this town.
And from that day forward, from that day forward, every time we get a collar, we have to ask,
were you fudge back in?
Yeah.
And usually the answer is, yeah.
Every time we get a straight guy calling the answer is always, yes.
And when we get a fag calling the answer is usually, yes.
Thank God there's me.
I guess I'm the only one.
I'm the odd man out, so to speak.
Maybe that's why I'm still alive.
Oh.
Yeah.
Oh boy.
It's the one to two hours.
Okay.
I know that you keep on checking up my battery.
Arrrr.
Where you put on battery, dear?
Check out my breath.
They're hoping I'm not so steady yet.
If I'm on to me, I'm not the things in my head.
And I found a star.
I thought if you wanna take me,
you know the things about me,
don't think you know I'm on to it.
I'm sorry, you shouldn't get me.
Cause you could go to jail and go see with me.
If I'm free, you let it all pass underneath.
She was 25, but she's just a thief.
Perfectly, I've been my last stop, please.
Daddy called the cops last night.
I've got a stop for fixing things,
because I'm happy to be.
I'm not gonna pinch by me.
My budget seems running round.
Oh, my show.
Oh!
You're okay.
You should be scared of me.
You're the number-olding stone spread,
the data's the time of my hope.
What is that?
She's looking my eyes.
She looks too happy for she's scared of me.
I forget if I was in Britney Spears,
autograph signing in the parking lot tomorrow.
She's gonna be on Power 96 tomorrow morning,
out to here tomorrow morning between 8 and 9.30.
It's 102 at 560 WQA,
and we have 40 or 50 open lines.
567 05 60,
pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line,
and then on Friday morning between 8 and 9.30,
Ricky Martin signing autographs for Power 96.
There's in the parking lot here in our right-out center building.
Here's the mobile and Hollywood.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Pretty good, sir.
You know, I noticed something very strange about this whole thing about Kennedy.
I mean, Caroline was on some ramping trip.
She wasn't going to her first cousin's wedding.
That's right.
Yeah, and then, then, when he gets killed,
rather than go to the family where everybody's in the Iannisport,
he took a suitable Long Island.
And then on top of all, it is.
Teddy goes over there.
I think trying his friend to squash it,
to get her to come back to Iannisport,
but he comes back alone,
and she goes out bike riding while everybody in the street
is hysterical, quiet, in front of his guy's house.
In this country, it's only out of control.
It's only sick.
And that's what he said.
And not only that, let me tell you something.
You said, what's the big stimulus?
Yeah, let me tell you anything about what that means.
Yeah, let me tell you another thing.
You think it's been bad so far.
What do you, I think he's probably going to get buried on Channel 7 about 99 times.
I'll tell you one thing.
If it takes room Sanchez with him just once,
that'll be worth the price of the admission.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line point at election is a week from tomorrow.
Ready for it?
Yeah.
Just say,
no.
To Mayor Pinga, just say,
no.
Tolleys of Gravera,
but then there it's still high in two by the way.
No.
Just remember that great metro rail he gave you the first time.
The billion dollar boom dog on the hill of the ones that told you,
they exposed it.
Here's a mobile in Jensen Beach.
Oh, by the way, the nephew live.
They're still hammering and banging and pounding and whatever.
Mobile in Jensen Beach.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
Lots of hospitality and stupidity out there today, I think.
Yes.
And what I'm detecting from some of the collars and where they're calling in from,
but on that peeing subject.
Now let's get back to the peeing subject.
Let's get back to the peeing subject.
I was just recalling the last time I might have peed on myself.
I think I'm not a broken arm, you know,
or you're even a one handed kind of a deal.
Or that's the only, somebody that's incapacitated might pee on themselves.
But other than that.
Who would want to shake their hand anyway?
I don't think so.
And the last thing on the Kennedy deal,
they're, they're a traffic controller.
New this guy was dead the first, the first minute when he dropped off their screen.
So that's our fancy journalism and hyping everything else that came to you.
Well, you got a hand to a man.
It's only Wednesday in the middle of the day and this happened late Friday night.
And I guarantee you they can stretch this out to maybe 10 days easy.
Well, at least until the next death he asked to occur.
So anyway, Neil, have a great day.
And back to you.
Okay, 5, 6, 7, we got the Ricky Martin stand in by.
Yeah.
In Newark calls, we got 14 open lines.
Come on, sweetheart, you can do it.
Why did she stop?
You know something when you say Ricky Martin sucks, it's not a knock, it's just a fact.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line is we're continuing rolling along.
It's only July 21st.
We might make it to the summer. What do you think?
No.
We'll make it to Labor Day.
No.
We might just squeeze our way through this.
I have my doubts though.
Let's talk about those old baseball announces again.
Should we do that?
No.
That'll, that's good in your demographic is 100 plus.
I was thinking about that.
You know, Hank and I had a good time, 50 minutes doing that.
Yes, they might have, I Hank will not be a jewelers today.
He will be here in the building for whatever reason.
Probably the equipment got peed on again over there at jewelers.
But nevertheless, you know, we had a good time with that.
But I was thinking about myself when I left here.
Well, that's interesting to us.
But you know, most people in our listing audience who are like, you know, 25 and 35 and even 40 years old,
do they remember Russ Hodges and the Mel Allen and any of these people?
No.
No.
Bob Prent, of course not.
So if you're going to sit around and talk to old gears like yours truly and me and Hank and all of us other old parts,
then we're having a good time with it.
But the living and breathing people in the audience that we beg and plead and we pray that we can get a few of those on AM radio.
We don't want to chase them away by talking about a bunch of boring horsecraft like that.
So it was a lot of fun once.
We'll never do it again.
How about that, Mark Halberd?
Here's a mobile, somebody that can relate to.
Mobile in their field beach, hello.
How you doing, El?
Pretty good, sir.
Just a comment on you.
We, uh, naturally you were following the LED on of the, the, the, the quick and use, you know, the quick and use of the,
what language are you speaking?
What language are you speaking?
I speak in English.
English?
Are you, are you cockney by any chance?
No, I'm Scottish man.
Oh, Scottish.
Oh, you're the bachelor's who invented golf.
Shame on you.
Hey, we did, we know one of the weekend or what?
Wasn't embarrassing enough for those kilts but then chasing those balls around all over the place.
Oh, my God.
It's wrong with that.
Anyway, let's do it a little bit longer.
I was an AM for them a couple of years ago.
I was an AM for them a couple of weeks ago.
I was an AM for them a couple of weeks ago.
There were four young Scottish guys walking around the streets of Amsterdam with kilts and those high socks on.
And people were just laughing or ass off.
Was you saying to the Facebook?
What is it?
Would you say that to the Facebook?
Oh, we're making a difference.
They were so bloody drunk they wouldn't own anyway.
Of course, they'll drunk the Scottish.
Everybody drinks the Scotland.
That's the right.
That's the right.
I'm not really sure what he said.
I think he said.
Yeah, something like that.
Get out of here with it.
Stop.
5.670560 on the 18th day.
I'm telling you every now and then, if you could see this thing, it's just a good spastic.
You've got to stick your spoon at light.
Don't worry. It's not going to break.
Why is this thing bizarre?
Well, of course, they'll probably start a part from this.
You just don't fill it up here.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Long time, listener, first time caller.
All right.
As far as Jack Kennedy, John John or whatever they want to call him, being the last great white hope, I would like to know.
Who said that?
Where did you hear that?
There are some of your people politically they sell.
He was the last person to buy.
He wasn't political.
He wasn't involved in politics.
He wasn't qualified.
I thought that because of his father, he would eventually run for prison.
But I just wanted to say that right now, a lot of people at a truck in politics, even thinking politics, should take a look at this guy Bill Bradley.
I know this is not a political issue.
Yeah.
But he may be a little boy.
I'm not if we didn't have in basketball players as president, okay, sir?
He's not a basketball player.
He wasn't a basketball player.
He used to play with a next and praise you on all those guys.
So what do you mean he's not a basketball player?
What's one of your saying?
Either he is or he isn't?
He's also a Rhodes scholar.
Yeah.
Okay.
You left the Senate because you didn't like the way politics was going.
Yeah.
And let me tell you how many chances that Bill Bradley's got, okay?
I think that the Bradley Company, the people that make those games, they got a better chance.
I don't know anything about that.
Okay.
I don't know anything about that.
You probably know more about it than I do.
Yeah, I do.
I'm going to certainly think about him.
Well, you can take him on a holiday long if it makes you a rigid or something.
Yeah.
Well, you think about him all day, but he's got no chance.
What about George W?
You think George W is a political caliber?
I mean, I think he's one step away from JFK Jr.
I think he's got nothing to be the son of an ex president.
That's what I think.
An outdoor?
I mean, what are you saying?
So what are you saying?
How about the mayor, Pingo?
Who would you like?
Can Bill Bradley ain't going to get it, okay?
He's got, I mean, when you got a worse personality than Al Gore, what does that tell you?
Well, he may not get it, but he certainly is going to give Gore a run.
No, he's not.
No, he is not.
I'll tell you how it will be.
His point.
Sir, I'm not going to make a wager.
Call a punk if you're a red capplin' if you want to make a wager.
He's got no chance.
Take a look at the polls.
Do some reading.
Watch that CNN show with Bernie Shaw.
Do a little bit of, you know, instead of just sitting there, it's a bapapapapa, you know,
based on the whole world is going to react the way you want.
I would agree with you.
There are all bunches swill, okay?
So what's the sense of getting all psychotic about it?
That's why the country is so all bent out of shape about John Kennedy, because even though he wasn't in office long enough to figure out if he was going to be a great president,
nevertheless, at least he gave us a little bit of hope, a little inspiration, a little something, and then Bobby come along and bought a bit,
because he don't mess with the mob, okay?
He don't double across them.
And like I said, the beginning of the show today, June 6, 1968, that was it.
So just relax. You had people like Jimmy Carter, Ronald Reagan, who can't remember what it was all about.
I mean, these are the people you've had.
Mediocrity rises to the top of America.
And you want to know why, sir?
That's the American f**king way.
You got it.
Oh my god, you're breath so beautiful.
Music
One night in need of a street, my lord did hate.
My balls were blue and I hoped I'd been far.
What a butter figure.
I see vibes of dreams and eighty-five.
I'll face the mosquito, would dare not buy.
And I think to myself, what a butter figure.
My now I've drink a lot, can't feel it in pretty high.
I've got to find a drink, cause lately it's been dry.
I reach out with my hands, saying, how are you two?
Really meaning you'll have to do.
So that's the last time I guess I've gone.
I wonder what you had in a greenhouse her mom, having so bright days.
What a butter figure.
Yeah, I think that's it.
Yeah.
One 18, five, fifty, thirty two, eighty three.
I call over here too, it's such a f**king Johnny baseball.
Briefly, 6.30 we got to you, pregame show.
7.05 tonight from P.P. Park.
The Braze at the Marlins, they shameless display this morning on the worst team.
And they were sucking around big time.
What a coincidence, huh?
Friday, the ripened Dave Dumbbrowski, and talking about how he's blaming the station and blaming them.
For the fact that people don't want to come out and see a crap team that's losing 600 games this year.
And then all of a sudden, just a few days later, oh yeah, the great Greg Maddox is going to be picked in for a landed night.
Even though our team sucks.
Yeah, it's a great night to go out there and buy some tickets.
I find something really smells bad with that worst team.
You know what I'm talking about?
I mean, you put a product out there that's worth paying to go see.
It's entertaining.
Okay, fine.
And of course, if it weren't 110 degrees in the shade, and if the mosquito is worn as big as watermelon.
And if you were bored as death, what you probably are.
But I mean, if it was crap last week or two weeks ago when it went to last home stand,
it probably still crap right now, isn't it?
Uh-huh.
Nice game last night, leave on.
Oh, you think leave on good when eight games this year?
No.
Here's Sunrise.
Hello.
I knew a little.
Yes sir.
John's show was fairly accomplished.
But what I really want to know is he was what?
He was fairly accomplished.
But what I want to know about what happened with Amy Atkins and your announcer career career,
if you could just touch him that briefly.
Oh Amy Atkins in my announcing career.
Last time I checked my announcing career is going on very well sir.
How much are you making?
Oh yeah, he was fairly accomplished.
That's a whammy shot.
Don't you remember Amy Atkins on the news there on whammy?
Yeah, very, very overpaid.
Yeah.
Oh yeah, she was overpaid and by the way she ain't on anymore.
Now my income, like 99% of it, now 100% of it all comes from this radio station.
How you doing sir?
I'm not missing any meals, okay?
Last time I checked.
So there's an update on my broadcast in career.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60, all these little wise guys out there.
But thank you so much for listening to the Neo Roger show religiously.
Here on 560 WQAM.
Sacrificing all the other great things you can be doing to make sure you don't miss a God damn word.
Thank you so much.
Here's Boka.
Hello.
Boka.
Meal.
Yes sir.
Meal just thought you'd get a real kick out of it.
I have been around across Rush Limbaugh at 10 minutes to 1 and believe it or not he's agreeing with your philosophy.
Of course he would be agreeing with it because he hates the Kennedy because he's already passionate about that.
There's no credibility there sir.
So what's the point?
I don't want to hear about Larna's Limbaugh.
See there's a guy who wants to suck my ass because Larna's Limbaugh says it's a therefore it lends it credibility.
You know something?
The whole Kennedy family could die in a horrible crash and he'd get on there and say, well who cares?
You know where are the good people?
There's no credibility there because he's a political animal that appeals to the basis instincts of ugly white wing fascists.
You got it sir?
You got it?
Good.
56670560.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey Neon, not to get on the soapbox but to just look at the fact Ted Kennedy passed legislation in the Senate for 35 years that has probably affected more people positively than most people.
Most great people have ever done so.
He's got his skill since obviously he's got his warts and obviously you couldn't get over chapacwit.
His personal life is an disaster he's at.
And I remember seeing him making a speech at Harvard a few years ago.
It was on C-SPAN.
I watched the entire thing.
And he talked very much from the heart about how his greatest regret is that his personal life had been such a disaster and he wishes he could redo this.
Right.
And you got the feeling that he was sincere and met him.
Of course he's still a keep drunk but nevertheless his personal life was one thing.
But what difference does it make for a fashion life has been exemplary.
He's been a great senator and like you said he's passed more legislation in any one year of his 35 years in the Senate than most of these other people will in the lifetime.
And in 76 and you remember 76 and 80 I believe he had two good runs up to the point obviously the chapacwit always, you know, a road.
Two good runs in one.
Well, at the primary.
No, he did not. He didn't run in 76. He's wrong in 1980.
He did, yeah.
Okay, and 80.
And he didn't have a good run. He lost 26 out of 40 states. He got annihilated.
Well, I'm just saying a lot of people were jumping on the fan wagon but thought okay he's going to give it a shot because he really wanted to get elected.
I think with all the tragedy that happened to his two brothers.
But the problem with that is he wanted to get elected and he really didn't know why and he didn't articulate very well what his platform was all about.
He was only running because of the pressure of the Kennedy family that he fell on him that he was compelled to be present again.
And of course this was part of the lunacy of the old man's theory in the first place.
Two terms for John, two terms for Bobby and two terms for Teddy.
Like we really did have a royal family and left favor somehow it was an entitlement to them.
Like they were going to have 24 years in a white house like they owned it or at least leased it.
Right. I think the tragedy I used to it before early was Bobby because the potential there, you know, which was never fulfilled.
Right.
I mean I remember that, you know, just being 10 years old and that was dramatic.
I mean that had that really blew away I think the whole country.
I mean when you consider that Martin Luther King was assassinated in a few weeks before and then Bobby Kennedy, all of the minorities gravitated to him.
He was like he was the last great white hope if there's really such a thing.
Exactly.
And then when he got killed it was kind of like a message like, well you guys you're disenfranchised.
Forget it. You're on your own because that's the end of it.
Yeah, yeah.
You had Vietnam, you had the civil rights and the rest of the world.
You had Watergate.
Right. When he went that was really the end of it, you know, the air went out of the balloon.
Correct.
And I think when Ted goes, you know, I mean it did end of the kind of.
At the end of the line.
At the end of the line.
They've done their thing enough and it's about time that the public starts looking to them like they got a Messiah assembly line somewhere in that bucket.
Exactly.
Okay, take care.
And have a great day.
Yeah, when we when we got to pump out the next Messiah up there, how we're getting a little impatient now.
Ain't going to be that Caroline can't find that bitch.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
You know, I'm better not say it.
And I was going to say the same thing like Johnny Versace because at least he was a designer.
All of his his fashions were suspect at best.
But you know, there was a certain crowd on South Beach that made a big big to do.
And of course he died of tragic death.
He got, you know, blown away.
And although he was terminally ill anyway, they didn't want to talk about that.
But nevertheless, but the stimulus they made about him.
And of course the other people that could not have killed, you know, they got a total of maybe five minutes of media coverage because they weren't celebrities.
Any of them.
And especially the caretaker up there, the guy in Jersey.
The cemetery caretaker that he needed to steal the trucks or he killed a guy up there.
He got what about 20 seconds.
That was all he got.
And the Gianni Gianni Gian Versace like he was some great, what was so great about him.
Other than the fact he had all that money and he used to send his buddy out there to find the hustlers on South Beach.
And you know, more power to him, man.
Of course you start doing all those people and you never know what you're going to catch.
5 6 7 0 5 50.
That's why protection is where it at, baby.
Put on that rubber raincoat.
I'm not talking about a condom.
I'm talking about a full body raincoat before you even start thinking about it.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey Miami.
Yes sir.
Listen.
I'm listening.
I think you're jealous.
You know, since when did you start categorizing yourself as a white man?
I told you the last time I checked about you, you were Jewish right?
Oh yeah.
Okay.
So what make you think you're white?
That's why you're jealous about the Kennedys.
Because you want to be in a position.
Oh they're Jewish.
Well, you're begging.
I heard you this morning.
Kennedys are Jewish.
Don't you know the Kennedys are Jewish?
You're begging for doctors to come and tend to you.
I'm begging for what?
You are begging for doctors this morning?
For what?
What you really need to do?
Got to.
What language are you speaking, sir?
I'm speaking English.
If you listen to me.
I'm not.
You said listen when you started and you haven't said a goddamn thing yet.
You guys want to talk about some kind of a global assault blow it out your ass.
Okay.
My dark and collected sparks are friend.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I'm not a white man because I'm Jewish.
How do you like that?
Next thing is going to be tell me you're not white because you're Cuban.
Of course you may have a point on that.
5, 6, 7 Indians.
Oh, we love the Indians by the way.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pound 5, 60 on the 18.
Of course we like the American Indians.
That's the ones we like.
Like the Seminole's.
You know.
There aren't no Cuban Indians.
You're a quiet.
That's what you think.
Kill them all.
Yeah, that's exactly.
Just like the American Indians.
Just like the Cowboys.
Right, Troy?
Do you only help new dad?
Help, Bob Brain?
You want to tell you something?
You're all a bunch of sentiment pictures.
I just tell you what you said.
What are they?
What are they?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I'm going to get rid of this old pipe on the phone.
You're going to pull it.
Wait.
How the fuck are you?
Excuse you.
I'm going to excuse your language now.
That's true.
Help your language.
Do you or your family suffer from things?
The makers of XI fan wants you to know about a miracle drug that helps you deal with
the symptoms of various things.
XI fan.
One herb the Department of Health's prestigious longest list of side effects award for two years
running.
XI fan.
Talk to your doctor today.
Some swelling of the brain, impotence and largement of various glands and deaths.
Him or my ex-wife who gave his terrier temptations and plagues of locus to have been associated
with the use of XI fan.
Other possible side effects we put behind this disease is loss of weight, loss of color,
loss of keys, strengthening of the hair.
Aversion to swing music zombies and night sweats.
Talking like Roger Eardy, to your organs exploding head in the mouth.
Some patients have reported a bird vision through a lean talking Australian saying the phrase
good to go.
Not knees, broken bones, lumpy eyebrow makeup, high cholesterol, lowest in, wet packing,
cough, dry yeast, soft omen, sexiness, clock watching and recalism.
A more significant number of XI fan uses a reported occasional thoughts of chest pain.
Random loss of legs, trousers, your肩 pain, greasy forehead, twisting of the truth, spinal straight
and towing the line headaches, muscle aches, clawed aches, and gaskas in the incest and staring
and barking.
Get your complete list of side effects on our website at www.sifansideeffects.
Are you kidding me?
Question mark.org.
XI fan, keep away from cat's dogs, snakes, children, the young at heart and goats.
XI fan.
Yes!
Hey, we better take some to start towing the line, I'll tell you that.
132 at 560 WQM, Senator Kennedy's on his way to the set where they found Junior's body.
He's going to get everybody in the van and drive mall back.
567-056, when he's good on those, where they got those neural bridges, pound 560 on the 18T wireless line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Just to bring things to a local level, there are about 10,000 screaming Colombians yesterday
on the street corners of Miami wanting the, for all the illegal Colombians to come over.
Yeah.
What do you think about that?
Well, I mean bringing a lot of good drugs.
Well, what do you think?
I mean, what do I think?
What do you think?
What do you think?
What do I think?
Do you have to ask me what I think?
Can we hold the, does that?
Of course not.
We need more Colombians down here.
We can't hold any more anybody down here.
We don't have any jobs down here.
Where are they going to go?
Broward County?
They're going to open up a drug factory.
Are they going to go up there?
They're going to bring in the Medellin cartel is what they're going to do, so they don't have
to spend so much on postage.
5, 6, 7, and of course the Jamaicans are the ones that are peeing in their pants now.
Yeah.
That's all we need.
10,000 more Colombians in here.
We're really got source.
Even the Jamaicans know what source means.
Yeah.
That's what happens if you do, jerk too much pork.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 560 on the 18T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in April.
Hello.
Mobile in Naples with the radio turn way up.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Niggah Neil.
Yes.
Question that JFK when they pull his body out.
Do you think he's still going to be the second male eye?
We'll put that on the cover.
Yeah, they're going to put him out of cover in Newsweek.
Yeah.
And that's the end of that.
Okay.
Yeah, like I said.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 560 on the 18T wireless line.
Here's the lady in Miami.
Hello.
Neil God.
Yes, ma'am.
May I bring your attention to a local loss?
To a what?
A local loss that was suffering here locally?
Yes.
How a deal in city lights?
How a deal in what?
In city lights.
You know that, that, that, what?
Oh, don't tell me he died.
No, but he's moving on.
Oh.
This week's his last column.
He is leaving us?
I'm as mad as hell, but I just didn't take this anymore.
Oh!
Yeah, there's something about family considerations.
And a juicy author to plot my trade elsewhere.
I mean, this is the final world.
How would be all here in the past?
He's the only person that ever wrote anything here that made any sense in all the years that I've been here.
And he does a pretty good job in this one, except for the fact it seems like a messier of paragraphs between one page to the other.
Yeah.
Or part of a paragraph.
But it's worth a look.
And I just want to know what you know.
He didn't miss it.
Well, thanks for the bad news.
Yeah.
Well, now you're the only voices fanatign in the media.
I hope you can take the burden.
Okay.
I'm going to total line.
Thanks.
5.
5.
6.
7.
05.
60.
Maybe that's what Ted's going to go out there for.
Maybe he's going to tow a pound 5.
60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Yes.
I think we should start respecting this.
And you should stop talking.
I think it's the first thing because Ted says that I wish he just respected him, given at least that type of kindness.
That's all he needs.
Well, what do you mean we should start there?
They're still there.
I mean, you're just talking and talking.
Just let him open his pants.
Where are you?
Can you listen to me?
One word.
Do you know what it means to have a conversation or not?
Yes, I see.
Can I say something to you?
Sure.
How come all the networks keep banging away on us?
It's already Wednesday, okay?
It's true.
It's the media's a little bit too much.
But that doesn't mean you have to go live with your whole freak show.
I mean, what's the thing?
The guy who was a young guy, apparently, was going to a wedding.
He had a beautiful family with a wedding.
He was going to a wedding.
How about people that were going to a golf tournament?
What services to make where he was going?
What does that have to do with it?
He was going to a wedding.
He was going to his family's wedding,
to celebrate, and he's passed away.
It's very sad this whole thing.
And how about people that are going to a wedding?
How about people that are going to wedding and get the bride and the groom are involved?
And it went up as a crime.
He's not going to a wedding.
How come they don't interrupt the news for five days to tell America about that?
Because this is Kennedy.
He left a mark in our lives.
John F. Kennedy.
What mark did John F. Kennedy do in your leave in your life?
In my life?
Yes.
It was a president.
No, I'm talking about him.
He died 36 years ago.
I'm talking about the one that just died.
What mark did he leave in your life?
He was a...
I liked the way that he handled the whole magazine.
He didn't go behind it.
He didn't do what his family said.
He did what he wanted to do.
And he started a company.
And that takes a lot of guts.
He just lived off his parents' riches.
And yet he went out there.
He didn't live off his parents' riches.
Well, of course he helped.
But he went out there.
He didn't help.
Well, come and come and see.
Man, let me ask you this.
Let me ask you this question.
Seriously.
When did he start George Magazine?
How many years ago?
A few years ago.
A very few, maybe three or four years ago.
Now, he was 38 years old when he died.
So that means the little tiny was 30 years old.
He went to law school prior to that.
And he went to law school prior to that.
And he went to bars and twice.
How many people flunked the bar exam?
That's not the point.
The fact is that he was an assistant district attorney
from New York.
What is it?
Exactly.
He worked with a DA and sent him to the department.
And he never during the time he had that job handled
why.
He was never entrusted with any case of any great significance.
So who was money was he living off of during all that time?
He was living off his money.
He was a very good news.
He was the moment.
Why don't you answer my question, lady?
Who's money was he living off?
Who's money was he just living from the world on?
He's not too good.
Yeah, okay.
He was living off the Kennedy money,
off those millions and billions of dollars of bootleg Kennedy money.
That's what he was living off of.
And you can't stand it because you're another one of those
La La Land people, lady.
Yeah.
Notice it's the women.
Oh, yeah.
She thought he was cute.
That's all she wouldn't admit it.
He was cute.
That's what a lot of these women are all about.
Well, I sure, I hope Ricky Martin don't get on
those little jett, those little puddle jumpers.
Can you imagine?
Oh, I can't even begin it.
Oh, don't go ahead, Ricky.
Or he don't need a plane to fly.
Yeah.
And of course, if he falls into water, don't worry.
Because he floats.
Yeah.
Get out of here.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
An addition to which, lady, if you don't like what I'm saying today,
because you too much of an emotional cripple to handle the truth,
how come you're still listening?
You will love it.
You got the giant goddamn electric cue coming around.
Why don't you admit it right now, sweetheart?
You're sitting on it.
God.
Ah, he was thinking he needed it.
No money.
He wanted it on money.
What money?
And there's a lot of people that flunk law schoolers and act great, okay?
I'm not saying he's the only one that ever did it, and even twice.
He wasn't a shadow of the other Kennedys, okay?
He was much into about nothing.
And I'll say it.
And the third day in a row, I can't seem to get this across.
And the goddamn lady won't stop inundating with us with us.
With this, with this.
With this.
I bet you I'm going to flip on 202 right now on a small dish.
I'm seeing, look at that.
It's like a grass.
Uh, just, uh, both.
If we, if we, it may bear dead Kennedys.
Oh.
This is an American disease.
This is an American mental illness.
The media have suffered a collective nervous, fricking breakdown.
They've lost it.
They've gone off the deep end if I can use that expression.
And if I went off the deep end, as much as I like to have Kennedys,
I don't think I'd call her, have him come pick me up.
Hey Neal, f*** you.
Sarah?
What's the matter?
Oh, Judy, I just found out.
Michael has Cardon.
Oh, no.
I just don't know what to do.
Well, when Shirley's boyfriend had one, he went to the Hardon Treatment Center of America.
Cardon Treatment Center?
Yeah, it's a place where they teach men how to wake up small and uninterested.
Do you think they could help Michael?
They were very kind in Terryman's villa at his owner.
He doesn't even watch the USA Channel at Night anymore.
The Hardon Treatment Center of America, helping so many Americans to their hardship.
Brought on by Big Boots and so many Erasmite videos.
Please call today.
Don't get excited.
You're not alone.
The Hardon Treatment Center of America.
Cold water standing by.
A lot of times, some of you people came into the real world and come out of your Lollaland.
Okay, if you want real world turn on MTV, it's 144 at 560 WQAM, 560 705 60.
On the AT&T wireless line of Hank Oldberg show, Hank in the studio today.
Not a tool.
Don't go out there looking for them for autographs.
Six o'clock, Donnie, baseball, 630, the pregame, Atlanta, at the Marlins.
And we understand from the morning crew this morning, you better go out there and buy some tickets because,
otherwise they've been brought to you if you've pissed off and start blaming them for it.
Here's West Palm Beach. Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
What's happening?
How you doing?
Good show.
I wanted to call you for a few days.
I've been there to show you did on Friday about the, um, the domestic neighborhoods.
Yeah.
I think it was Thursday or Friday.
Right.
Anyway, I'm driving home.
I have a, I live in a neighborhood that's half black, half white, and then then people are making an effort to keep it clean and neat.
And I met a black man.
They're trimming his bushes and I asked him for some clippings, you know.
I wanted to make some bonsais out of it.
So it can be a clippings.
And we got into a nice conversation.
It turned out he just bought the house.
I congratulated him and said, you know, wish him luck, you know.
I just love to see people, you know, as they are, not as black or white, you know.
And if they take care of their place and, and, and, and, and, or respectable,
other people, that's all we should care about.
Yeah.
You know, number two.
If they take care of their place, right?
Yeah.
I didn't.
And don't, don't, you know, heard anybody?
Right.
DNA.
Your motto there.
Too many drugs on the street corner.
And another thing, the news media is out of control with this, uh, Kennedy thing.
And, uh, I've been away from the TV, so I don't know.
Did, uh, they find out what kind of bowel movement he had on the way down.
Yes.
In fact, that's what Ted is out there for right now to investigate.
Oh, okay.
I was worried about that.
They said, Ted knows his crap.
Let's send him out to figure it out.
Okay.
Have a great day.
Hey.
More more?
Yes, sir.
Listen, I had to, to goal an opportunity to work at the Archbishop of Philadelphia's mansion
for about three months.
There's no fact in the church.
Of course not.
And they had a little room set aside and it had a sign on it said the Pokes Room.
Okay.
I had to do some work in there on the day.
And I was able to throw the window open and smoke a big fatty there in the Pokes Room.
So things are looking out.
He'd be proud of you.
Have a great day.
All right, buddy.
See you.
Bye.
How do you like that, huh?
Here's the guy that had the cahons to go in there and do it just like they do in a Vatican.
Why do you think they got that big smoke signal coming out of the top of the Vatican, huh?
That's Bob's, Bob's, now.
F&A, man.
He's doing it.
That's why the supply here is dried up a little bit.
All the good stuff is going to the Vatican.
If the Pope ain't doing it, if he's out of town, the Swiss guard are doing it.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Let me just ask all these people who are crazy about this whole story.
For our obsessed, is what you're looking for obsessed.
Let me tell you this.
I hate to wish death on anybody.
But if it was Amy Carter, you think people would be going nuts?
No.
If it was Chelsea Clinton in 20 years.
How about when Miss Lillian died?
The war of having her, I mean, of course, she was 110 years old and wrinkled up a little bitch.
But I mean, did anybody give a crap about that?
No.
I just don't get it.
If the media can't view themselves, you know, they...
The public are obsessed like with this Elvis thing, okay?
When Elvis and then the Graceland thing I talked about the other day, they're obsessed with celebrity.
If you are deemed to have been a celebrity and something happens to you, then the public immediately is ready to go nuts.
And if the media decides to really play it up big, then the public just has a collective collapse.
But you know something, I think it's a generational thing.
I happen to be 33 years old.
Yeah.
I don't remember.
And I'm up there.
I'm working class now.
I don't remember all this hysteria.
I think it's a way for people to relive their youth.
They remember this little kid and it brings it back and they get all psychotic.
But sure, he had nothing to do with my youth.
I'm as big of a Kennedy fan as you'll find anywhere, although I'm not an apologist and I don't have...
I have a very realistic view of what they were all about.
And I watched that thing on PBS last night.
And twice during the thing I had tears in my eyes, it was very emotional for me.
But you know something?
I don't know.
He had nothing to do with any of that.
He didn't represent it to me.
He was not a part of it.
He wasn't in any way like his father or his husband.
How do I explain this?
How do you explain this?
He was stupid.
But people are stupid because he was a good looking guy and they made him up to be a glamour person.
They put him on the front of magazines and now all of a sudden it's like the dianna thing.
How do you explain that?
I don't get that either, but I tell you what, I called my wife already.
We're going out for main lopsid tonight.
All right.
See you.
Take a look.
Terrible.
Nice going.
Oh, it's wrong with that.
Maybe Ted will bring some back.
Maybe he's out there grabbing.
What do they call it?
Trimpin.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Maybe they'll find Mary Jo a little more heard down there.
They did bring her back.
She wasn't the car.
You do remember that.
She was in the car.
Not doing too good.
They showed that again last night where the guy from the Coast Guard said back in 69.
Well, if we had a little bit of notice instead of the 10 hours notice we find the guy.
Well, he was kind of like thinking about, what do I do now?
What do I say?
I also probably so bring up a little bit too.
They wanted to make a sober judgment on that.
10 before 2 at 5, 60, WQMC.
And that's another thing.
As much as I like Ted Kennedy, you do understand that if it had been somebody like,
although we do have separate rules for people who aren't quite on that level,
like anybody remember Rick Sanchez?
Yes.
And how's that guy doing that?
He hit in front of P.B. Park, huh?
I think he died.
And he's dead?
He died.
Oh.
Isn't Rick still squatting over the map there on Channel 7?
Did he do any time for like manslaughter for Kulak Eye in front of the,
oh, no, see?
So it goes to show you if you got the right connections.
I mean, even if people die as a result of your actions,
you just go on to keep squatting on it.
