Then, coach, get away from the fall, motherfucker.
I don't know the reason
It's hardly been chosen
The Congress has much better things that can do
So they're overreaching
Yes, been down in teaching
When most of us feel that a sandwich here would do
Wasting our time away while they're in teaching bill
Straight along as party line of salt
Outrages
So much
They want built to contest
He messed up that blue dress
Squared, squirt
Then I am the right that protects you and me
Wasting our time away while they're in teaching bill
Can't seem to bring this thing to a halt
Some people say that they're dangerably
Oh, Jake, why do we know?
Well, it's both of their fault
This is a bunch of hoolies
They're reading in sessions
And seeking concessions
Nothing to show about a private affair
That's an affront tree but
Knows that to the country
They charge and lead who we all could extend
Part of these things
Wasting our time away while they're in teaching bill
Well, planning moves and boring on salt
Some people say that it's just politics
Okay
That's their own dancehall
I'm just standing on God's tissue
Blame that little
That's our own dancehall
Hoi
Oh, it's all right
Hoi
Hoi, the way you get a boy is all the truth
You're probably walking in just stars
Or rockin' rockin' headlustin'
He has his first goal as a floor of the feather
And the feather has a one-up with lead
Okay, kill it, sweetheart, kill it
Man, oh man, am I pissed off and fired up today?
Wow
I'm gonna do something today that I never dreamed I would ever do in my life
Okay, and you can help me out
We need faxes today
I don't want no private parts, I don't want no fraudal nudity
Okay, but I am gonna do something that I threatened to do last week
Right here on issue on Friday
Yesterday I said I lied
The only thing I lied about was still Henry coming to do in the morning show
Okay, it's actually JP McCarthy
Ever JP McCarthy, WJ R&D Troid
February 1st, JD McCarthy is gonna be doing the morning show
Okay, we're steaming this out
There were people calling George yesterday saying, oh is Phil Henry really coming in?
Not just me, the receptionist upstairs, the other station, whoever would pick up the phone
Oh my god, I already told him it's my cranberry
This is the scary part about this town
You can tell these people anything and you can be laughing your ass off while you're sayin' it
And oh gee, is Phil really coming back here?
No
No, give me a break
Guys working at the KF-5 Los Angeles
Listen number two market in the world
He's gonna come back to this bum four plays
No chance
Carl D'Souz, who used to do mornings for years on WBZ in Boston
February 15th, he's gonna be doing the mornings on this station
As the paranoia continues
Anyway, forget about that
And before I get into the good stuff
And about the facts is I need facts of a human rectum
Preferably a pimple human
Breakfast, okay
What? Just facts
You know me, I'm not an ass kisser
I mean if I do it, it means really lucky, you know, in re-k?
That's, I don't, the kiss ass
But in this case, just this one time, K
Have you spell that?
CHE
One this one time, K, a chase
I'll make an exception
Because I'm gonna kiss pictures of Wayne Hypingas-S
On the year today all day
That's for you, Wayne, right on your bald spot
I mean, one thing we know about Wayne, he's an asshole
Putting that aside, okay?
I think that's nitpicking to worry about that
So I pick up the paper after watching that
Sintillating the first period last night, I mean, calm on the same old, bad, tired stuff
Although I'll tell you this, I watch the pre-game show
On sports channel
And by the way, Rimmer, it was two to one at that point
And quick talking about other extraneous stuff and get with the program
Boy, he was brutal last night
A good close-team friend, Jeff Rimmer
Brutal last night
Talking about somebody having a baby
And all of a sudden, here's Burries on our breakaway
Oh, gee, too late
But at any rate
The pre-game show, I saw Pavel Burries for the first time in a Panther uniform, I got goose bumps
Does that make me like out a step with this time?
Uh-huh
Because this morning I heard they're talking about baseball and building John Henry Estadium
And about all of a sudden, the extraneous crap
In my life, I couldn't believe that on the day after that last night they're talking about
All of these things
It just was astonishing to me
Huh?
But they're always talking about
All of these things
And not just stuff that really counts
See, I've made up my mind, I don't care, I'm not waiting for the rest of the parade
I'm gonna talk about what I know is exciting and is important
And I don't give a crap about all these other ass suckers, okay?
Oh, yeah, hey John, put the stadium next to our house
What stadium, what are these people talking about?
What are they talking about, what baseball stadium?
Put it at any rate
So just to show you once again
The great knowledge I will say hats off to the Herald, which has unusual also for me to say that
Our fact number by the way is 305-650-198
I'm sure that somebody can fax this a pimpley
Or a fax simply of a pimpley human rectum that could be wings
It's gotta be like a lot of pock marks on it
I will kiss it here on here maybe all day, maybe for four hours
But on the front page of the Herald, and how many times have I told you this?
They must like all sleep together something
But at least we got to picture Russian rocket blasts off
There's Pavel Burrey after scoring this first goal as a Florida Panther
And there's Yaroslav Szbacek standing there giving him a big hug
And in the Sun Sentinel there were all it said no picture, no nothing
Here's UM with a big crowd and they almost beat Yukon and Yadi Yadi losing overtime
That's up there, nothing about that
Then over on the left hand side he's kind of little like afterthoughts
Burrey scores two goals in Panthers debut
And it says Pavel Burrey the so-called Russian rocket, Yadi Yadi Yadi
And I thought well what does that mean the so-called Russian rocket?
And then I see the picture in the Herald, I thought well at least they did a good job
They always had an important, it was exciting
And I'm reading the article that says despite jet lag, the so-called Russian rocket scored twice in his first game of the...
Are you following this?
The sleep of the Herald must be on the phone together
What are you gonna put on the front page?
Well, I don't know, but are you gonna put on the front page?
What are you gonna, I think about macaroni and cheese for lunch today
Yeah, let's have macaroni and cheese
That's your local newspaper and then your YOKAL newspapers
What a bunch of butt plugs
So, you know something and I don't care if anybody calls me today
I don't care, I know what's excitement
I know what the real stuff is all about
Man, wait, that's for you sweetheart
All is forgiven, please come home
You just wait, 9 minutes after 10 at 560 WQM you looking
You...
God
That's it, it was the comic strip, then the comic book, then the movie, then another movie, and another, and another
And so, that's it is coming the Broadway
You gotta wear tie
All right
And the map can keep it tight
Okay, that's your criminals who cannot behave
From the bad case, all right
Now, you can see the masked crusader as never before
And a feminine man who frances around the stage in Fulcasue
Singing about other men
Oh man, Alfred, he don't say nothing
He don't tell no one about me and Robin
That man, a flamboyant musical
Set against the gloomy backdrop of a city teaming
It would even more flamboyant criminals
Now, for the movie, this is pretty
When there's jokers and tinkers for all
Here's what they're saying about Batman, a musical
I can't just be Batman, because I couldn't get tickets for cash
I like Michael Keaton-Detta
I'd merely want to fly down the back hole
Batman, the musical, with book and music by Andrew Lloyd Riddler
Batman, I will come out tomorrow
We will catch the cat for months tomorrow
And soon things
Batman, the musical, it's the musical for people who love comics
In my heart, we'll fight crime
In my heart, the dear ones are dead today
He loves his cancer
He's been walking in his car
He's been walking in his car
He has his first goal
And the four defenders have a wonderful lead
To the one
Okay, 10-15 at 5-60 WQ AMAs
Everybody, are we pissed off and fired up today?
I am
Like I said, goose bumps last night
Comatose for a spirit in the second period
There you saw
And here's a guy that hasn't played for nine months
Hasn't played a real game in nine months
All I've jet lag, he should've had what, 20 or 30 weeks we figured off
Based on David J. Niels' figures
To that at least 30 or 40 weeks to rest up after that long jet trip from Moscow
And hops right in the uniform, gets out there
And by the second period, he's got it back again
A breakaway, there's the first goal
And by the way, people will say, well, a second goal was a little path in great pass
It was a five on three, two man advantage
David J. Niel finally says something interesting
Which I didn't realize these statistics
That was that this team has had two five on three goals in the previous hundred and twenty-four games
And a season and a half, even with a two man advantage as we know, this team never scores
But last night, Burrey, it's right in the net
OOOH!
Who goals in the first game?
Most exciting dynamic player like I told you
Thank you, we don't have a, a fact of an ass?
I can't believe that
Well, when I don't want a fact is we get all kinds of obscene facts
Of every kind of body part including something that we can't even figure out what they are
I want a creative, pimply ass fact
I don't want to just talk about it, I don't want to like recreate it, I want to do it
Huh? I want to kiss Wayne's fat ass right here on the radio today
Because finally, for the first time in six years, finally, they made a commitment to giving us something we can sink our, some excellence
You know, I complained about the ambience
I want you to still got to get that ice straightened out into goal lights
You know, it would be nice, I mean this guy's going to score all these goals
We have to see when the, when the goal light goes on, that he actually scored
So they still have to straighten those things out
And I complained about the ambience and the fan sitting on their hands, and playing with each other
And they're reading books
But you gotta admit it, the last season and a half, it's been a, a, a, a snoozer
The last year was unbelievably bad, all home games virtually
And this year there have been maybe two or three that were citing the rest of the movie
Like I said, could take a magazine or a good book
Now there should be no, there shouldn't be one empty seat
In that macaroni, the starting with next Wednesday's game against Montreal
in fact you talk about having the opportunity of a lifetime including that
both of the Colton yesterday well you know that we got an exciting player maybe
now I'll jump on the bad bag of the head. I'll watch a couple of games. Well you
know something pal if that's what it takes that you ought to get out there
and do it. Oh here you go kiss right here alright on both cheeks. Thank you
whoever facts this to me and I sin template to by the way a real
template. Great go wow. Matches the cheeks. Well listen there you go another
one. For making a comment to a spiny ball the end given us a quality product
that we can get excited about and now we can create some new hockey fans in
his god for Saken Town where it's the middle of January they're talking about a
baseball stadium. This one dimensional horse and buggy town you know. Hey Neil
could I ask you a question about football? No no last time I checked it's
one more game to go and it's all over until at the five month draft start
that will that start next week building up to the April draft I think it
starts next week but until then this is the exciting
simulating unbelievable news and they're talking to somebody that that that
that that that about the John Henry that's all I heard about the baseball and
where should we stick it where should we stick it. Yeah right shouldn't be one
empty seat from starting Wednesday against Montreal and then Saturday we got
Dallas next week two tough games but to go out there watch this guy play just
so on I can't put it in words I told you that and if anybody did watch the game
last night which I have my doubts but if anybody actually did watch it in spite
of Rimmer Indonesia I mean he should put on a performance for that just
should give you an idea of what the great stuff that's yet to come that was only
the beginning so thanks again it's gonna cost 10 million a year and well worth
it at whatever price because there's like a few athletes in the world I mean
now sports is still just sports like I've always said but there are some guys
that can like lift you out of the seat that transcend you know the Michael
Jordan's in the world and the hockey there's like a handful just a small
handful anybody out there got a small handful right that's what Pavel's got a
small handful who can really make it worth the price of a mission no matter what
that'll charge it so you better get down there to the arena get on the phone
with your ticket master whatever and stuck it in your tickets all but bought
up because it's gonna be a tough ticket I think from here on in it should be
there should be like standing room only just if he were the only one out there
in the Panther uniform just to see Pavel Buray do the things that he does all
of these all of these things that he does that's right now I do want to say this
I don't want to pee on anybody's parade especially those people in the Senate I
went home yesterday and I watched the rest of the defense the defense team for
El Presidente and the guy that I thought was a fairly interesting Gregory Craig
remember we potted it up for about five seconds here maybe that was only in
comparison to the guy in the wheelchair the rough guy who looked pretty rough but
I tried to listen to him and he was really ponderous in fumbling and fomping
and bumbling around I thought see this guy is pretty in articulate we needed
somebody really great like Alan Dushewitz out there and then this light
complexed lady Cheryl Mills this light dark complexly did you see her at all
and I thought to myself she they could have brought a kindergarten girl out
there and that a better it was the big deal was because she was a woman or a
black or a black woman and they all raved about it and I didn't think she said
anything really to defend the president she talked about how you know she
knows about racism and about how she's been there for six years and how proud
she is to be I mean you know it was like her personal story that really had
nothing to do with the impeachment of a president and after it was all over
with wow man she was dynamite and even at one of those stodgy senators there
about a hundred years old man oh man the other guy I couldn't follow what he was
talking about I guess he must have liked her uh... that was it or maybe she
had big hooters which quite frankly I don't think you can see over the podium
and by the way Bubba's job approval rating 66% of the ABC pull to 72% of the
CBS pull 76% of the NBC pull all humongous rises after the state of the
union address on Tuesday night
I thought she was very weak you know you're again you're the president of the
country wouldn't you think you could afford or that you would select better
more forceful attorneys than these three bozos we've seen so far now I guess
today David Kendall who's a real kind of like a little missing fruit cake he's
gonna be doing this thing today one o'clock and then the final day of bumpers
from Arkansas is a good old boy he's been making the closing of speech the
whole summation of the whole thing and like cut the crap and let's move on with
life so I want everybody when they call today thank you Wayne that's right
we're making a not that you know we still believe he's an athlete you know that
you know once an asshole always an asshole but it is one case we'll make an
exception we both there you go kiss his ass firmly plant our lips right on
Wayne's grotesque pimpley cheeks and kiss away for finally making a
commitment to us here in South Florida for all of us two or three hundred real
hockey fans which is where the real exciting stuff was man given the a whole new
lease on life and I'm gonna tell you this I brought out my my original panthers
jacket the leaf jacket goes in the closet till it makes a leaf come back in
town nice game by the way last night for dear life beat Dallas though it's
about to make a leaf six to four but nevertheless that goes back in the closet
the leaves come back in town and I'm back to my panthers jacket and Scott
nothing to do with far running it's got to do with the give us something to be
enthused about you know it's nothing to be a fan and go there hope for the best
I know that you're probably going to have a nap per like two and a half hours
but now we've at least got something to be excited about other than just when
he sling the stupid t-shirts up in the crowd and we when Defoe goes out there for
the bicycle runner whatever they're doing between periods so thank you Wayne
finally on behalf of those four of us who are real hockey fans for bringing a
breath of fresh air to this otherwise stale and stifling place here's West
Palm Beach hello we love you Burrera you kick so mad you can shoot and score and
make a pass what's work you go twelve minutes that's fast each wing can I kiss
your right right what a great that was beautiful right thank you sir God bless you
that was the best open line and brow or two a day let's see the enthusiasm here
today are we gonna have enthusiasm excitement are these people on fire no that's
okay I don't care anymore I really don't because I know I know something good
when I see it I can sniff out something exciting a you can you can cut it with a
knife the excitement is so thick and here five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the AT&T wireless line
top it oh hello
morning uncle Neil yes sir thank you Wayne now channel six yes I get out of the
shower this morning it's like the four six o'clock I'm all excited this guy's
chronic yes what do they talk about basket ball yeah and to make things worse
Dennis Rodman oh Jesus one mention not one mention about the hockey I can't believe it didn't
even mention it not one mention about burying this first game is a panther scored two goals last night
and lifted the team into a big five to win which they desperately needed can we bring the city of
Toronto here I will I wish even with the weather I would take it what a bush league down yeah you're
right have a good one and actually that's my maple leaf and nice go by the way at least last night
oh boy almost blew it had a hang on for your life I have to open up big lead you don't care
about that though we have an open line in day one and Broward five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the AT&T wireless I mean you know that was nice day finally and Joe Rose deserves a lot
of credit he put a couple thousand people at least in the stands by begging and pleading yesterday
for people to go out there and support the UM basket ball which lumber glittered Hamilton by
the way I met him at the airport few months ago my international were waiting for a flight and
got black and collected guy comes over to me hey Neil yeah I put my hands up in here yes
and I always Leonard Hamilton he was watching that whammy thing knew who I was loves the show good guy I
thought but he's done a super job over there and they had like over 15,000 people nice go in there
little dog but I have a feeling that when they start playing the know when it's not you con when
it's not the number one team in the country next game and they're playing like some girls team whenever
that game comes about it might be the usual of 25 to 35 I could be wrong but nice go in there
little dog I'm hoping and I can put a few seats in the macarena now that we got a legitimate superstar
and something to really get whipped up and farted and I would say this I know Terry Murray won't
pay any attention to me because he's a hard ass well Victor Coslov I have no idea how long
that the spring is shorter last night hope he's going to be back real soon but Coslov ought to be
centering between Bre and Ray Whitney that should be the line okay maybe Whitney don't speak no
Russian like Kavasha but nevertheless that should be the line that would be dynamite just a
thought there Terry my close personal friend
oh
you
good
at
the
I'm out of here.
I can see the sun.
The little dreams.
I'm out of here.
I'm out of here.
I'm out of here.
I'm out of here.
I'm out of here.
I'm out of here.
I'm out of here.
I'm out of here.
I'm out of here.
I'm out of here.
I'm out of here.
I'm out of here.
I'm out of here.
I'm out of here.
I'm out of here.
I'm out of here.
I'm out of here.
You've got this important as cantonley in Frank Huber.
1033 at 560 WQAM.
There you go.
Kischen Wayne's ass again.
Right?
Will you Kischen Wayne's ass there?
uh... what it's not like to me
okay and by the way i would like to hear somebody tell me explained to me
maybe i miss something
that i don't watch that much of her because i thought she was
very amateur hour
this young lady sherald mills i think hailing those could i think uh... will
be able to do that he could have been a better job
independent of president and uh... the share of the rules and they're all just
raving about oh she was sensational she was simulating she uh... made a great
passionate defense
and i am still wondering what are they talking about maybe you can explain it
to me why was she so god damn good okay
maybe somebody can tell us
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen to your
life
is a mobile in hollywood hello
i'm running you
but a beautiful morning it is yes it is
i hope you're sure it's don't stick in my throat but i'll give it a go
thank you rain
uh... you know you know that's the one thing other than you are gasp
feeling i had one of the breakaway speed
yeah
you have a lot of points we had to go stop right last year
no
i got a believer in a case to the
probably go over a hundred of the thing
go for a hundred
well we got a point that i have a point
right now with the window night for forty five forty three
if you win tonight for forty five
all of the window night forty five yam
for forty five and we have ten five and you had a big with burray in here
yeah those times when i disappear
some of them disappear in the winds
we can be in a ninety five long to point pace
well you know you know see it really doesn't make a lot of difference on
the day they had this year last year this time because the the bar has been
raised a lot if you look at the
the playoff race in eastern conferences here i mean western conferences
garbage eastern conference it's unbelievable i mean you know uh... fillies got
fifty six leesa got fifty five uh... jersey one last night they got fifty three
i was got fifty four there were a whole bunch of teams just jammed up there
within between the forty seven and fifty six points
yet so we will re-off to raise that bar now
oh yeah no question about it
we're gonna be a couple of points we'll we're gonna know now the ball we saw
course which we already knew those of us who were real fans but burray can do
last night now the ball is really in terry marie's court let's see if he can
use this marks the utilizing properly to put them out there on the line that's
really got to be the most effective and you know you mean it's it's there there's
no question about it the potential is there i read something about double
shifting them yeah that would be awesome double
shifting them power plays for more than a minute he's a capable he's only twenty
seven years old he can do it that'd be awesome
well i have a great day and god bless Wayne yes sir okay
god bless you
and you didn't see here there you go open line and brow it to and aid five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t wireless line
as we continue waiting for this euphoria this incredible outpouring here today which
i'm still not seeing and like i said i don't care
if you want to be left behind you know the party's going on if you don't want to be a part of it
if you want to be left behind be my guest if you want to talk a lot of stupid crap about somebody
building you a baseball stadium for a bunch of stupid boring baseball games and god most of
marperty boring if that's the best you can do hey you know good luck to you i'll see you in
some other playground here's cutleridge hello hi dear hi sir okay uh i hate to do this but here
you go thank you Wayne by the way i i don't know if anybody's mentioned this but in my opinion i think
you were very instrumental i'm getting this kid down here and i want to thank you for that
that's right because when i promised to kiss Wayne and Ryan's ass that's the first thing i came
to my mind when i heard the news that i pulled over the time but i haven't been this excited
about happy since i first saw Bobby or play right and what this kid can do on stage is incredible when
it can split two defensemen the way he does yeah and he's just popping over that stick
notice he's right a lost controller the puck for a second but he had the defenseman chara beat so
badly they still had time to you know go to the backhand and back to the forehand and fake potman
out on it was back and just stick it in the slide of the item just an unbelievable move it's a
he carried them almost all the way to the championship and wanted you know all by himself he's on
another level he's on another plane like on another planet and if he hadn't gotten ejected in that
Stanley Cup game i think Vancouver would have won that series yeah but you know that's better but but
i want to thank you Neil and uh and god bless you okay okay oh now Neil did it oh god i said the
other day i take credit because of that and that's why i'm living up to my promise okay i mean i made
jokey about who's gonna be doing the morning show which those guys aren't going anywhere i just
say that to a feed the paranoia of certain people on that show which i have no idea why they're so
paranoid but nevertheless it makes it kind of fun and also some of the listeners are equally paranoid
oh gee he's trying to get them off the air right yeah what a what a joke some of the all and by the
way speaking of that my good close personal friend screw and one of our many many sales managers
was sitting on the stupias today when i wanted out to hear it to a clock after our program director
by the way came in here and said to me like that yeah he found out that the morning show was going
to be in here this morning which it was not of course but he found that out by listening to me on
ear he knew nothing about what was going on as usual because now this week the engineers are running
the joint and we find out by the way that the studios upstairs are like a tangled just a bunch of
stuff hanging they're not even close to being finished for the other guys yet but anyway so i
walk out here screw and is out there on the stupias usual smoke him out of her bag it's putting on an
act of a oh Neil how are you like phony you know since there's nobody else around and i dignified
her with a response and as i'm starting to walk away she says oh well you're not going to really
let anybody else work in your studio are you as if to say my constanation yesterday as something
you were like an ego thing like this is my studio like i own it or i built it or that i would
want to take credit for this dump oh you're not going to let them work in your studio hate to break
the news to your sweetheart that's not the problem the problem is like logistics and having a knowing
who's on first and who's on third and how we're going to do it and what's going to work and what's
not that's the problem but of course when you know nothing about radio i guess you would come up with
some paranoid psychotic conclusion like that it's my studio sweetheart two open lines in date
county five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line twenty one before
eleven to two away and if you're feeling lucky i'm out of food to be served there all right laid
gather around the band is ready on the count of three one two three
from the gravity course i will open to the bars where we all play we are right and we
believe thaticle is our
all of
That's all we got.
All of these things.
We make our choice in early as to who we'll push for.
Ooooo!
And we pay to you we call it in such a short time.
So much so much so we will gather soon.
And watch and go for the new young class of March.
That's what he's for, Dullinger.
Are you five or two?
I'm okay, nothing.
We got another fact here with a picture of a gigantic.
That's a humongous...
Oh, alright!
Rectome is what it is.
How come my finger is like one button off today?
Well, that's alright.
And I really want to do it.
But at any rate, there's this enormous rectum here.
And I'm not going to kiss this one because unless Wayne is painting his fingernails,
I have my doubts about this.
Also, I don't think Wayne has any of those clitoris rings that he wears lately.
Oh, he does?
Is Wayne a...
Oh, okay.
Just checking.
There you go.
Two open lines in days, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50.
See, there's something really scintillating and exciting and amazing going on in this town.
And the best part of it is it's like a fraternal thing.
It's like we've got our own private club because most of the bows are in this town.
Don't even have them caught on to it yet.
Including the people in the newspapers.
The so-called Russian rocket in our so-called newspapers this morning.
Only in Miami.
Like I've told you every day and I'm not making it up, I'm not trying to be a hard-ass.
I'm just telling you exactly the way it is.
Only in this town, the so-called Russian rocket.
If Jesus Himself showed up at one hero plaza in sandals,
performing miracles and making them publish an actually good newspaper someday,
performing that miracle, doing things that haven't been invented yet,
curing cancer every disease.
All of these things.
They would say the so-called savior showed up at our doorstep this morning.
Man, you people are relentless.
But like I said, that's okay.
Those of us who understand what good stuff is all about,
we're compelling from it.
The rest of you, what are they talking about?
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil, how you doing?
Great. I just want to say last night with that ticket since 93.
And I can count on my hand how many times we've scored on a breakaway.
Until last night, you guys look like you had an animal.
You made the goal. You look really bad.
He made Felix Poppin. Look like Denise Poppin.
Oh, it was great because the stick was on the floor.
He was just laying on his back.
And then we go down.
And he one time said, and my god, he actually hit the puck into the net.
Isn't it weird?
Yeah.
And then of course, we have the great call by Dennis Poppin and Randy Moore.
They were probably talking about Janie or something like that.
I forgot. And then it was like this.
Any scores is first goal. And Chris Moore.
Are you more on this morning?
More on.
I'm seeing it.
Chris Moore this morning, Selon.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
But with those smooth resources and?!?
Michealue,
obviously punished to do it.
She was beingkerntway over 31.
a bunch of extraneous crap, but I didn't want to point it out several times.
Here's the mobile and boi and beach. Hello. Yeah, I got two things where last night
the port campus came up, switching there with WIOD and they had a force writer
from Vancouver. May I ask them about Murray down there? And a sports writer on IOD.
WIOD. Oh, I hate that station. Yeah. And this guy talked about Sauer
Gray. He says, good luck to you guys down there. He says, good ridden, sting him.
And he says, we're just glad to get rid of him. Why is that? He just said, because
he's in the truer. He says, wait till he holds out for you guys for 10 million.
And the next year is going to be 112. Could he hell out with Vancouver twice?
Yeah. He says, did I have a bunch of bull crap? The people in Vancouver are
psychotic to lose by the library. He was a, like the king of that community.
Yeah, my buddy was with me after the hockey major. So he's just like Michael's
like my believe meal. Also, second thing, there's the Barrett County built that arena
for the campus. And now it's named after National Carbino Center and the money's
given to that. Why is that money going to crowd count? Why is that? Who gets that?
I'm not, I'm unsure of that. It's a little bit over here, a little bit over
there too for weighing one for us. I don't know. Is Barrett County getting any of that money?
Sure. Oh, okay. I just know that. I knew you would know the answer. Yeah.
And I just thought that they never, not only not enough money to make the ice
playable. And I'm not money to make the gold lights visible, but nevertheless,
we're working on it. Okay. I have a great thing. Get a new phone. We have an
open line and date one and powered 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless
line. We had any calls yet about this, this brilliant defense attorney, this
White House counsel, Cheryl Mills, who got up there yesterday and said, but they
were, I mean, she was mumbling. I don't know what else she was talking about.
She was talking more about herself and her history and her lineage and her,
all of this. I have no idea what she was talking about. And like I said, a few
minutes into what I said, hey, enough of that crap for me. If this is the best
that Boba can do, no wonder why he's in trouble up to his goddamn armpits with a
bunch of crap. He needs that. And not only that, but all of these attorneys, they're
all goyem. Whoever heard him getting your whole livelihood, your life, you're
the president of the United States. You've got goyish, your lawyers. Jesus Christ,
get that Alan douchewits in there right away. You got to get yourself a great
jewel lawyer like Alan douchewits. Or maybe maybe Larry King was right. Maybe
Johnny Conquering would have been great on there. He would have been dynamite. He
would have held them captivated. I mean, he's a little bit darker than Cheryl Mills,
but I think nevertheless might be a little more effective speaker.
But that's okay because David Kendall is going to be on there today.
Here's Evan'sura. Hello. Neil, bless you, but I will not kiss Moonface. Come on. You can do it.
Come on. It can't happen. Close your eyes. All these little dudes are going to pull the same
crap as he's pulled on the panthers here a few years ago. As he pulled on the Marland.
And as he's been pulling on the Dalton for years. He's been pulling on it for years.
Well, you don't know. It only does pull our money and usually give us, he gets us all pumped up
about your sports team and then he'll just snatch him away and get rid of him and just blow it all
away. Well, what do you mean by that? Get rid of him. If he sells it to somebody else,
they'll be fine with me because he allegedly is a couple of years away from selling the franchise.
Well, that would be great. But yeah. But if he doesn't get rid of the franchise,
it's going to take a second. But not that I want to start changing my tune all
at once. I'm going to be glad to have you guys live dramatically. But nevertheless, I got to give
me fair a little bit. He at least opened up the purse rings and cut loose this guy. They're
going to pay $10 million a year for the next five or six years to make sure that he stays here.
He's a franchise. He finally made a commitment to give us something that makes it worth going
here and supporting this thing. I agree with you. But that's what he did with the Marland's too.
We went to World Series and wanted to make sure you're a handful.
It's hard for me to get excited about one year.
Number two, Clinton. I don't want him in-beached. My no means. I think he's doing a great job
in his country. But let's face it, he does have a problem sometimes telling us the truth.
Yeah. Well, you know, if he's got a bad bow to diarrhea, I don't really think that we
should expect him to tell us about it. Nor should we really be all that interested.
What I find awful lot of bodily functions are not really the business of the
people. I agree with you. I agree with that totally. But I also agree with what you normally say is
people in this planet only in this town, but in this country are such sheep. I mean, he
tells us all these things he's going to do for us. But how we going to pay for all these things?
Yeah. And people are just like, okay, we love it. Wait a minute. Every state of you,
you're your memory is short. Every state of you in an address is the president getting up there
saying, look how great everything is right now. Here's what we've accomplished. And then laying
out a bunch of stuff, maybe 90% of it is blue sky, but they always do that. That's what the city
and the addresses all about. You're right. Okay. Hey, you know, we had Sammy Sosa up there with Rosa
Parks. What more could you want? Oh, and I liked his Rico Sava wave at the president. That was
really good. Okay. Have a great day. I mean, what more could you want? You had Sammy Sosa, Rosa Parks.
You had those kids from AmeriCorps. You had Hillary was up there. Hey, you know, let's hear it.
Yeah. The guy from the desert fox, the military guy, all dressed up in his uniform. What more could
you want? That's what these state of the Union addresses are for. It's a big puff piece, but we
liked it. We liked it a lot. And even Ilyana Gross-Latin, who liked it so much, she was there for her
big photo opportunity with her Rosanne Banana outfit. We have an open line and Broward to and
date. I'm still waiting to see. I'm waiting to see the outpouring here. I'm waiting. Shock the
living crap right out of me. Okay. There had to be at least 50 people, maybe even Lou and Debbie
on a mobile were watching that game last night on sports sports channel. That are just brimming
over with enthusiasm and excitement today that have something good to say for a change. Then
have reason for optimism, reason to live another day, reason to crawl out of bed in this god for
second time one more day. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. I'll tell you what,
let's get John Henry on the showcase. Been on every other show on the goddamn station,
peddling this a PR, which he seems like a decent guy, but peddling this bull crap PR to try to get
everybody to build them a baseball stadium. Let's get him on, okay. No. Here's Oakland Park. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir. John Henry here. You want me 50 bucks, please? Uh-huh. Don't be 50 dollars.
Sorry, put the puck in the basket. Yeah. Hey, we got it going now. We're fired up. We're going to
take it to the next level. Let's go all the way to World Series this year. He's several. Yeah,
let's go all over the world series. Okay. Thank you, sir. Bob Albert is going to hit it
out of the ballpark, baby. He's got a better complexion than Mark McGuire and Wayne, but he's
going to take us all the way to the world series. One open line. Indeed. One in Broward. Five,
six, seven. I'm still waiting to hear about Gerald Mills. There must be somebody out there that's
watching this crap, because I know yesterday, especially once one o'clock came, boy, I was, we might
as well pull the plug, especially after all the other bull crap that we were out of treated to
here yesterday, with all these poor guys from the other building. They're carrying boxes. They're
moving, they're moving in, they're moving out. Are they? And nobody knows from nothing. And then
the program director comes over here with a straight pace and tells me, uh, he don't know nothing.
As if like that's a bulletin. Seriously, comes here. He tells me he's out of the loop that nobody
is telling him anything. He's only supposed to be running the joint and the general manager who
is in the car with him at the time they heard me revealing about all these plans that were supposed
to be going on here, which never materialized. He also don't know nothing, which we also knew.
But it's a real revelation that the people in the other building who think that they're going to
be here like imminently any minute, that the upstairs, those studios are like light years away from
being ready. And I suggested to George, I said, you know, I know this is revolutionary, but how
about if they like signed off the year at midnight Saturday or Sunday night? We really couldn't
miss ESPN radio overnight. And then that would give them like all those hours, like six hours,
uninterrupted, just to go in there, shut the other place off, just to bring all this stuff over,
sticking it upstairs, hook it up to all the wiring, which I allegedly is in, huh? And George said,
stop making so much sense. You don't understand where you are. And I said, uh-huh.
Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, you. Yes, sir. I've been calling you for the past four years.
I just like to tell you I'm finally graduating from college this semester. Yes. And I love you.
Okay, God bless you. That's iconic. I think I was talking about yesterday. Get a life.
You'll find that there are a lot of better parts of the country to be in than this one,
like almost anywhere, especially for you. We have two open lines in date, five six seven
oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line 10 56 at five 60. You're fired up and pissed off
stations WQ a F. Yeah, push. I have to move.
I wasn't all three more. Yeah. My free says to me.
He has been down the money. He was a Catholic priest. Who said the Lord would please.
If I got down the money.
Nobody knows what the priest has used after that.
What's inside
I
I was a mother boy.
I'm born with weird, weird, weird, weird.
I don't use that no more.
And I'm still not a day down on your face.
It has been down on my knees.
He was a cat of the street.
Who's been so long to be pleased?
Since I got down on my knees.
It's 11.01 at 5.60 WQM.
I've just come to a conclusion.
Sometimes you succeed in life for a long time.
23 years is a good run.
Sometimes you fail.
Like that awful TV show on Whammy.
That's not gone.
You know, some things make it, some things don't.
And we're done.
We're finished.
We're finished.
I got one call on the board here.
This is not a place.
This is not a place.
This town doesn't deserve anybody to spend money to entertain them.
Or to bring in a superstar athlete or anything.
Because they're oblivious.
This to me is coming here.
I'm so pumped up today.
Even though I still got this brooding in the neck and the rational bit.
When I got a doctor, the thing's he's a comedian.
And I'm about to be petable.
But it tells me nothing.
And I'm probably sitting with some kind of a viral infection.
It's like tearing up my body.
But hey, you know, a Monday I'll go see another doctor.
And maybe after a while I'll find a doctor,
who doesn't want to do stand-up comedy.
But in the meantime, this is just astonishing.
Like I didn't learn my lesson here on Tuesday.
But I would have thought like after the last night that people got a taste of what I'm so excited about.
And what I'm talking about.
We see some tangible evidence of excitement here.
Of enthusiasm of something.
And it's the same old crap again.
You know, let's cut the bull crap.
Okay, it's obvious to me.
Like 12 and a half months later, it's painfully obvious to me.
Then I made a bad mistake.
You know, Paxton was no picnic.
And it was better Monday over here.
And Yadayah, Monday is always great.
And clear channel loans that place over there anyway now.
And they're worse than Paxton and a lot cheaper.
But this show doesn't work on this radio station.
I don't care what the numbers say.
I don't care what anything says.
Because I come in every single day.
And it's the law of the finishing return.
This week, I mean, I was out Monday.
It was a holiday.
George did the show.
I just did a great job.
Come back Tuesday.
Wednesday.
There is a day every day this week.
It's been the same story.
Because I'm talking, you know, things that I'm excited about.
And I care about.
And these people have talked about a four language to that.
They haven't got any idea what I'm talking about.
That's the QAM audience, man.
They're on a totally different wavelength.
They're interested in, you know, is there going to be a baseball stadium with John Henry?
That's what they're concerned about now in the middle of January.
And how's Napoleon Kaufman doing?
Those are the kinds of things that crank the chain of these people on this radio station.
This is not the place for the Neo-Wildred Show.
Maybe this just ain't the market anymore for the Neo-Wildred Show.
But this is just unbelievable.
And so when I tell you that I shouldn't add arena week after week, night after night,
in the middle of a 17,000 bodies and maybe a couple of thousand fans, I'm not exaggerating.
Like Tuesday, I come in here with the, you, you, for the announcement of the deal being made.
And it's like, what's the guy's name? Who, what does he do?
Where's he from? For Kipsey?
I, you know, I never envisioned doing a radio show in the midst of four million illegal aliens.
Maybe that's the deal.
Maybe if I would like, you know, smuggle myself in, take a trip to the Bahamas
and come in like by way of Cuba or something.
Maybe then I'd feel more at home.
Here's a mobile implantation. Hello?
Hey, Neo, good morning.
It was? It was.
All right.
Line me up to get the wings out.
Yeah.
I haven't jumped out of my seat for a Panther's goal since the Olympic court, the goal,
like I saw last night.
Yeah.
That was just incredible.
But I think I know our wings getting the money for the, for his contract.
I know you don't take the software out to get in and out of the arena coming from the south,
but it used to pay, it used to pay 75 cents just to take that flyover on the way in.
It was free on the way out.
Yeah.
Coming from the game the other night, there's a traffic coming back.
Why? Because they narrowed the two lanes down to one.
And now there's a tofu there, 75 cents tofu.
The drive, uh, 8th of a mile.
Right.
Well, that's a price you pay for using the sawgrass.
I get to move.
I get to move.
I get to move.
But you know what?
It's well worth the price.
The, uh, travel, uh, lighten them up like they did.
If they ever do get it right behind the goal.
Have a great day, sir.
Thanks, Em.
We have an open line a day two and Howard five six seven oh five 60.
Let's take a poll today.
The poll question today is what show would you like to have on here in midday?
The sports babe or Chris, uh, Christina and Booster, huh?
That's our poll question today.
Which show would you like back on QM?
Let's get serious.
Let's cut it aside.
All the extraneous bull crap.
Let's lay it on the line.
Okay?
Because obviously we aren't communicating anymore.
Whatever I'm talking about, it's not on the wavelength would, whatever the list is of QAM, want to hear.
So let's, let's cut away all the extraneous foreskin and let go right out of the meat of the matter.
Okay?
Because I've had such a turnaround today and this happens many, many days to me that I come in here feeling you for it.
And within just a matter of moments, I'm ready to blow my brains out.
And it gets old and gets stale and gets tired.
So I go into a party and everybody else pretends they're at a wake.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello?
Mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello?
You have a little competition.
The rock, the WWF wrestler.
He is on SATA, Y100 and power 96 today.
As you competition right there in the middle, that suck.
You got it.
Yeah, but that must be it.
The whole audience is listening to the wrestlers.
Yeah.
Now I'm sure.
Here's a high, a high, a high, a hello.
Uncle Neil.
That'll be wrestling with their conscience.
Yes, sir.
Good morning, sir.
I really got a hand at you.
When it comes to hockey and religion, you are right on the money.
You're second to none.
Yeah.
Last night was one of the most exciting games I have seen in a long, long time.
Let's put it this way.
The macro arena definitely has a frequency.
Definitely has a frequent visitor now.
I'm going to be there with Bells on it.
Do you remember?
Well, I know you saw the game, but do you remember the point of the game when Borei went in like 15 directions in a matter of three seconds?
Yeah, he didn't score on that shift, but he made the, he was all over the place.
He was big.
He left like five jacks drafts on the ice.
Well, you know, me while the Allengers are going to play with Trader De Gold, which Trader De Gold.
That was unbelievable.
Yeah.
Well, Neil, you know, all I got to say is your God and although I'll probably regret doing this.
Here goes.
That one's for you, H-Wane, right on your right.
Well, it's getting red, man.
Have a great day.
We have an open line in date County, five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound, five, 60 on a mobile one line.
Maybe we'd like to have Jay Pima Karthi here mid days or maybe how about what's his name?
Carl D'Asu's instead of Moring's, maybe we can put him on in mid days.
He's a good sport.
Now, feeling too good.
How about him?
How about Van Patrick, he's an old sports guy?
Spasted.
There is a sport where people put on the season and they go real fast.
Downhill, I feel in the face everyone is just waiting for someone to crash.
Downhill, they're wearing statewide clothing, like you know what they are thinking.
It's 25,000, low on person, something must be shrinking and turning blue.
The people they cheer and yell and then when somebody sees by they ring up Calvale at the back.
Downhill, I'm straight and down and make downhill.
Next to time's relay downhill, it's all faster than a low hill.
And when they cross the finish line, the ice and snow is lagging.
Make take off their goggles and be chattelies with time in 60 years they won.
But only one guy can win and you know nine out ten times.
The guy's name men is better downhill.
What's your go-sang, down the downhill?
Form on their ass, up the downhill.
Can't we care if on the show?
You want me to say it again, you were right about talking.
You need to get a second opinion, the third opinion.
You need to get a real doctor is what you need to get.
That's why I make the mistake.
You know somebody that's got a good sense humor.
Maybe my doctor ought to pull one of those patch atoms and all those clown noises.
Because he's very good at that. He's a nice guy.
So he just doesn't understand.
They're telling somebody, well, it could be anything.
You're going to be fine.
Weeks and weeks and weeks after you've been walking around with the same bull crab.
You know what I'm saying?
Like maybe somebody when you pay hundreds and hundreds of dollars,
would like to get some answers.
You know, like maybe what is it?
What do you think it is?
What could it be?
What should I do?
What should I take?
Where should I stick it?
Right.
But nevertheless, that's just a passing comment.
We have an open line of day one and an broward.
560, 560, 05, 60, 05, 60 on our mobile one line.
And again, the audience is assimilating here today, boys and girls.
They're on fire.
My face is on fire.
The audience is on fire.
Here's Coral Gables. Hello?
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
As I say, thank God for the basketball strike.
At least we got a front page in the Harold on hockey.
What's going to happen when the strike is over in a couple of hours?
We're probably going to disappear altogether from the sports page.
Probably.
Right now, we're going to have to make a urson space on the ice.
Yeah, we can open it up and see where the hockey standings are and everything.
And the suit that basketball comes in, we'll go see Riley, Morning,
who welds hard away.
Who knows?
And you're going to have to go through the whole paper,
which is fair enough as it is.
Well, it takes up a lot of space to put all those tall sparsas pictures in there.
Well, that's it.
You know, that's the whole thing.
Right.
The other thing is about that attorney for the president yesterday.
Yeah.
Did she remind you of a Marsha clock with a good tan?
No, I thought she was worse than Marsha Clark.
Yeah.
Did that possible?
Yes.
I thought she was like a high school girl.
I thought it was like the amateur hour.
And all of a sudden everybody's raving about her.
Well, how effective she was and what a great presentation she made.
Maybe it was a great presentation if she was talking about her or not impeaching the president.
I don't know.
You're talking about her right here.
She had to find out if she was talking or not.
Yeah.
Good point.
Okay.
I have a great day today.
I have a Marsha.
Okay.
We have it over.
Come on.
Let's have some response.
Like I said, tall soft and taste.
Lay it right on the table here.
Okay.
Let's put it right out here.
I can handle it.
I'm a big boy.
And find out what the deal is because it's obvious that there are things that I think are important
that I'm concerned about that I think are like the most exciting things go on in this town.
And they're like light years away from whatever the QA audience is thinking about.
They're in from a different planet.
They're from the rings of Saturn from Uranus.
560.
560.
560.
On the mobile one line.
Sunrise.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
It's me.
My name is...
Yeah, okay.
Great.
Open line and Broward to and date.
560.
560.
On the mobile one line.
It's me.
Great.
Congratulations to you, sir.
And it's me, too.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Uncle Neil.
Yes.
All right.
Listen.
I want to give you the lowdown on that attorney.
The deal is this.
The representative from Wisconsin won a house manager in his presentation for the prosecutors.
Again, this speaks to over and over again about how Paula Jones' civil rights has been violated.
You know, she said it like about 20 times.
Right.
So the reason she spoke like she spoke at the end was to say in effect, look, if you're worried about civil rights,
you don't have to worry about it because this president is, you know, gets more civil rights than any of you.
Any of the managers...
But it doesn't mean anything.
It has nothing to do with the case, with the facts of the case, with the...
It has nothing to do with anything other than here's a light-complexed black woman who's talking about the fact that isn't she so proud to be there before Congress?
And she's been on the staff for six years at the White House and wouldn't her ancestors be proud?
And, you know, what does that have to do with any of this?
Well, like I said, you know, he said the same thing.
This guy's made a big deal that she...
That Paula Jones was rose apart, which is absurd, okay?
I mean, anybody within any intelligence knows that.
Yeah.
The deal is that she was addressing that kind of point.
And the other thing I'd like to say about it is that she also...
I thought it was embarrassing.
Well, I mean, you know, I respect your opinion.
I mean, you're a very smart guy.
But I mean, if you... I was looking on the internet today.
Yeah.
And she got rave reviews all day.
Oh, and that's what I'm talking about.
She got rave reviews from everybody.
Like, this was one of the most dynamic defenses ever put before the public.
And that's why I'm asking. I must have missed something.
Well, as I say, one thing for a technical thing you ought to know about,
I tried calling you like five times on the... on the fly.
Yeah.
It rang and rang and rang and rang.
What time was that?
Just in the last few minutes, because that's what I called.
Yeah.
Okay, and I had a call to remember like about five times before...
Well, maybe we got a little problem on our phone system again here.
They sure would be the first time it is bummed for place.
I know that.
You know, that's the easily way.
I thought I'd let you know.
But anyway, that's the reason I think she did it,
because that's...
If I said choose from Karen Paula Jones to Rose the Park,
which is, you know, what can I say?
We're not ludicrous.
Okay. Okay, thanks.
Okay, down to two calls again.
I guess we better get the...
Comma result greased up again, ready to go.
Get the loop out.
Open line in Broward, all three indeed.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, eight.
Count five, six, eight.
On the mobile one line.
Here's the mobile in four Lauderdale.
Hello?
Mobile in four Lauderdale.
Hey Neal.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I just wanted to tell you,
I went to my doctor the other day also.
I had like this kind of like a sun spot on my forehead.
I just wanted to come out.
I went to him to check it out.
And he just...
Yeah, you better go to a dermatologist.
It kind of looks like it could be something.
I really don't want to get involved.
Yeah, I just want to get involved.
And also I wanted to say I was out in California.
So, let's see what I'm...
Before you tell me about California,
what I'm wondering is why my doctor comes to a hockey game
and sees me like for the second time since I've had this
for weeks and weeks now,
and looks and says,
oh yeah, that's interesting.
And it feels my skin.
Oh yeah, it's like boiling hot.
And anyway, I like to be one of anything.
Don't worry, you still don't need me.
And then like after like weeks are going by,
well, you know, dermatology isn't one of my specialties.
Yeah, that's exactly what I'm saying.
And now I can't get into punming until Monday.
I'm going to sit around with a red face all weekend until Monday.
And they'll probably tell me why you're going to need to go see somebody else.
I'm trying to get a question.
Which doctor?
I'm trying to get a question out of him about, you know, what this could be.
And he's questioning me about what kind of...
I mean, what's the point of going to a doctor who's spending hundreds of dollars without the...
at least looking for what the root causes of whatever the problem is,
identifying it, creating it, doing something,
besides giving you some conversation about you'll be fine and you don't need me.
That's not my idea of a doctor.
That's the quiz.
All right, Neil.
Yeah, I got to go with my battery time,
but I was having California,
and I just wanted to say, no Henry, still rules.
Okay.
Okay, Neil, thanks.
I'm glad you're here.
Okay, bye.
Are you sure?
Positive.
Okay, open line hadbroward all three, indeed.
56670560, 0560, on the mobile one line.
We're kicking some serious rectum today, our own.
Here's Dear Field B.
Hello?
Can't hear you, bad crank call sir,
because you couldn't hear a word you were saying.
Here's four Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
They're calling Ben Chanzo, Pan-Pangely today.
In the hearing.
Is there what?
The calling Ben Chanzo, Pan-Pangely.
Yeah, right.
His brother is out in the hallway, yeah.
He's in the hallway.
Unfortunately, you know,
there's some great articles now about how to write wing is,
you know, they contribute all the money.
That's the whole thing.
I mean, they do what they want them to do.
They pay to Piper, they name it soon.
That works.
Ben Chanzo might straighten it all out.
Okay, thank you, sir.
Whatever you said.
Okay, we have two open lines in day two andbroward.
560, 705, 60,
pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Here's the lady mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Pinch me.
I'm dreaming.
Paul Burray is God.
Yeah, oh, this town's on fire about it, sweetheart.
Well, I can't wait.
I've got tickets to the game, the first game home game,
and he gets back.
I can't wait.
And I watched a lot of the presentation yesterday by Cheryl Mills.
Yes.
And I couldn't disagree more with you.
I thought she did a fantastic job because she contracted so
starkly the presentation that the house idiot made where they were all
stridened and screaming about the big picture.
And you couldn't look at the details.
You have to look at the big picture when the fact is that if you break it down to
its elements, which from a legal perspective is how you win a case, it falls
upon it.
And the case doesn't hold water if you break it down to its small
of elements.
And that's what she did.
And I thought she did it very effectively.
Well, maybe I should have watched the whole thing, but I probably would have gone
into a coma because I couldn't handle any more of it.
Well, if you're trying to boring.
It is boring.
When you break it down, you start talking about the minutiae and what time this
happened versus what time that happened.
I didn't want her talking about any minutiae about the allegations about the
president.
I heard her talking about herself and about racism like this guy.
I saw the end of it where she started this business about racism and fall
of junk.
And it had nothing to do with anything.
No, you're right.
And it was a very small part of her overall presentation.
Well, thank God for that.
So I must have missed a good stuff.
Well, it was.
It was a, I thought, a very effective presentation.
And personally, an exerence that Bill McCollum,
represents the state of Florida in Congress.
Yeah.
And what about Charles Kennedy?
Him too.
He makes Bill McCollum seem like a Sunday school preacher.
That's true.
I think they all, I think we ought to get rid of all of them.
Unfortunately, we don't get to motivate them.
And thank God we don't live where in Lakeland.
Well, that's no accident, isn't it?
I have a great day.
Bye, Neil.
Bye, bye.
One open line in date one and Broward, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound, 5, 60, the other mobile one line is we continue searching for the
answers here.
Here is Philadelphia.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How's it going today?
Okay.
I just finished the other day.
I said it's going great.
That's great.
I'm so psyched about the boring.
Yeah.
I saw the highlights last night.
I had a rush on just the sale.
I mean, I can't believe that nobody is that excited down there.
Sir, I want to tell you the excitement level here you could cut it with your toenail.
It doesn't exist.
They have no idea who he is.
They don't care.
They didn't watch the game last night.
If he's on a front page of the hero today full color picture, they still don't care.
These people are in a vacuum.
Whatever their life consists of, whatever it is that they know about is so distant from anything that I think is interesting, important or whatever.
It's a miracle I lasted here more than 23 days in this town.
Well, I'm psyched about it.
I'm coming down there for the Dallas game next week and I just can't wait to see them.
It's worth the price of a mission, believe me.
All right.
You guys have a good day.
Okay.
You too.
Yeah.
Getting calls from Philadelphia.
How do you like that?
A city where they may have some idea what the sport is all about.
Especially since they got those 56 points and they're sitting there and forcing the conference.
And the visa was shutting out every night after night after night.
Even though of course we know he's a bad guy.
We have an open line in Broward, 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line.
Two open lines in Broward, 400 open lines in Broward.
You'll got out, WQM, where the packet is.
Yeah, but wait a second.
I'm Mary and so many.
You got me talking on the pension phone.
Tell me the story about how you got flown.
I got you down.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Holy cow.
Oh, oh.
I'll tell you once more before I hang up the phone.
I got you down.
The lines are jammed up.
Yeah, there isn't a doubt.
Call up and tell me what it's all about.
I got you down.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Holy cow.
Oh, oh, oh.
I'll tell you once more before I hang up the phone.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
Here on this show, there's a new topic each night.
Who do you expect with a black or blue and white?
I got you down.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Holy cow.
I'll tell you once more before I hang up the phone.
I got you down.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
Yes sir.
You're going to love this guy.
What do you mean I'm going to love him?
But he loved him since he came into league.
Well I'm hearing you guys and I don't know if anyone has buzzed him
The only one.
They wouldn't know a hockey puck
from a lenders bagel.
That's right.
Well, he's going to like that town.
And fire.
Well, after the game last night, that's what I thought when I came here this morning.
Well, we saw that for seven years.
Guy hasn't played for nine months. He gets off a dollar jet lag, a 12-hour plane trip from Russia.
He gets on the ice the next day, plays only 12 minutes and nine seconds in the old game,
and still scores two goals in the sets of team on fire.
Incredible.
Yep.
Well, we're 30 p.m. Go, but take care of him for us.
Okay, we'll take good care of him.
Okay, take care.
Good luck, guys.
Okay, there's a call. They're calling from Philadelphia. They're calling from Vancouver.
Real hockey cities, okay?
Towns where they really know a superstar athlete when they can smell one, okay, from a million miles away.
Here in this town, where we just had the guy in our uniform last night,
when the guy then came for you, single-handedly, practically,
take them from the depths of the spare and putting them ahead in like lighting the whole guy then,
bunch of month fire, since it's contagious, because greatness rubs off,
which didn't work on this radio station, but nevertheless.
Calling from out of town, baby. They're listening out of town.
All over the whole world is listening right now to this radio station.
And the guy named AudioNet wondering what kind of a bunch of assholes live down there at South Florida.
That you just got the second coming of Jesus without the sandals,
and you're still sitting around doing like that, doing mumbly things.
Hey, you think Leibhund's gonna win 40 games this year, and that new stadium
we're gonna build for John Henry?
You think so?
Man. Sorry, sorry, ass crap, baby.
Here's Coconut Grove. Hello.
Hi, yes sir.
Bob L. Burry was the lead story on the ESPN.com Fox Sports all over the internet last night.
All over the world. Yeah, that's true.
We're not here.
The so-called Russian rocket.
I'm very embarrassed.
How do you like these newspapers? They're the so-called Russian rocket
by our so-called newspapers, both of Monterfront Pages, using the same ass and I and juvenile expression.
Trying to be too clever instead of just being straight out.
And that's the main problem with all the little punks right in those papers.
They're trying to show you how clever they are with their little...
A bunch of five-year-olds. Yeah, that's a lot.
These guys couldn't get a job in a high school newspaper.
Speaking of high school, I couldn't agree with you more about that Cheryl Mills.
Sophomorec would be a compliment.
I watched the whole thing.
Now, I am going to say that I know the civil rights thing is very puzzling.
But I am going to say that the reason why she said that was because there was even more puzzling to see all those right-wing hypocrites last week
talking about what a danger to civil rights will be if we don't remove Clinton.
The same ones that were talking about what a bitch Anita Hill was, by the way.
Right, right, right. So, like I said, I know it's kind of puzzling,
but it's better for her to take that issue back and really highlight how ridiculous it was for those morons to be saying
we've got to get rid of Clinton and civil rights are going to be damaged.
I mean, I'm going to give her a little credit on that.
But otherwise, I was so glad to turn on the radio today and hear you, like always, saying exactly what I would have been saying,
because I watched the whole thing.
I mean, not just her. I mean, from the beginning, from Sensenbummer or whatever the hell's name is.
And within two minutes of her beginning to speak, I was screaming at the TV.
I could not believe, I hate to tell you this, I'm 1,000 percent for the president.
But I hate to say that was the worst classic manifestation of tokenism that the Democratic Party is just saying for famous for.
That's right. All it was, it's an idiot.
And the most amazing part of it is to show me how clever he is, it worked. That is the best part.
Because nobody is going to stand up there and say, she sucks.
You know, because they're not. They'll be racist.
She sucks. She sucked. Absolutely sucked.
Sucked. Sucked. Her delivering sucks.
And the point is, is that all the points that she made can be made by anybody,
particularly with a little fire and even a little bit of umbrage at the fact that these house right wing nuts are so full of it.
And this Gregory Craig guy, the guy that preceded it that spoke most of the day, he kept fumbling and fumbling and stumbling.
And I mean, he, he, my little dog is more articulate than he is.
Chuck Ruffler is the best so far of the president.
What does that tell you?
And he kept falling over in the drop of the lava leermyke on the floor.
I was still the best.
I got to say about McCullum.
Okay. This guy is the body part guy.
Okay. You realize that he's the one to keep walking out on the steps of whatever, whenever somebody talks.
And he's the one to keep insisting that the heart of the perjury is about which body parts were touched by who?
Yeah. Well, I knew I knew that we had a problem with him when he said,
it puts the lotion in the basket.
We're saying to talk about this.
Like, I guess they were like passing out hands.
Who wants to talk about this and who wants to talk about the body part?
Couldn't surprise me if he's had a couple of stogies in his leg.
Who surprised me at all?
Amen. Amen.
And have a great day.
Okay. God bless you.
There's a real call. How do you like that?
Oh, right.
Man, I feel better now.
See, I'm amazing.
Doesn't take on awful lot.
But we're still waiting to find out what the WQM audience would like here in midday between 10 and 2.
Because it's obviously not this anymore.
You know, the first couple of months after the comeback.
You know, after that seven month layoff, that nice paid vacation.
First couple of months, we had gigantic numbers.
And it was this legitimate enthusiasm.
And the phones were smoking off the hook when they could get through because the phone system was all screwed up.
And it was great.
And now it's like, eh, you know.
Well, you don't know what you're talking about.
We don't care.
We don't like it.
We're not interested.
You're full of crap.
You're like, uh, you're just off base, mister.
You're off base.
You're out there in Lala land.
And we're here with our feet firmly planted in Lala land.
Okay. And we're sick and tired of it.
If I could just, you know, I could handle it.
If I could find a real doctor.
That's the one thing I'm desperate.
I'm putting out a plea to the general public out there.
I can't wait until Monday afternoon.
For the dermatologist to burn off a couple of little zits or whatever I got here and look at the other thing.
Ah, well, we don't know.
You know, a doctor that actually might do something that might actually take some test like a whatever it takes to whatever the, you know what I'm saying?
Because you see it.
You're sitting in there and every day coming and saying to George, because when you look in the mirror, you can't tell for yourself.
You know, when you look, you know,
and how does that rash look on my neck?
That redness that's got my, like that feeling of fire on my neck and my face, my skin.
No fever, no temperature, just this redness.
And today, like a little, little tiny bit better every day.
Is it a little tiny bit?
It's a little bit.
And how about the rash?
21 till noon.
And you know, looking for a doctor for a veterinarian in this town because this basically is a town for dead people.
So we got everybody came down here to take care of old, dead decaying people.
Not living and breathing people would like to live another couple of weeks.
Wow, why did I tell you?
You can't ever tell our woman being a friend.
But I, I, can't see.
We'll mark you on your head.
You're a side guy, so you're a side.
You take care of the disease.
And the need of the drug is falling through.
The disease is a novelty.
It's all made to see.
The glory of the disease.
Oh, can it work?
Yeah, it's a good thing.
It's a good thing.
It's a good thing.
It's a good thing.
It's a good thing.
Yeah, this is it.
Well, we go upstairs if that ever happened.
If we ever live long enough.
When we go upstairs on the third floor in those new studios with the same crappy old equipment.
And we're supposed to be banned from smoking like cigars or any smoking period up there.
And I'll, you know, I'll go along with that.
But we will be smoking weed up there on the third floor.
We're a little Jamaican.
We should have no trouble keeping a constant supply.
Huh? That's, that's the compromise.
Okay? No cigars.
We can smoke our next cigars after hours before hours.
In between periods of the hockey games go out on the foranda.
But a little weed up there.
That might kind of change everything a little bit.
Here's Margate. Hello.
Margate.
Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir.
Okay. So I'm interested news from the today's show this morning.
It seems like the Christian Coalition is even sending subtle signals to bring this to a stop.
Pat Robertson put out a message and I would get from a separate relation standpoint.
This is a nightmare.
And he said let's end this and move on.
From a public relation standpoint.
Isn't that an interesting way to put it?
In other words, all these right wingers now are starting to sniff the pansies
and see those pole ratings go through the sky through their ceiling after the state of the unit rest of the night.
And now they say, well, you know, it's bad PR. We better cut the crap.
Exactly. They realize that this is a political suicide and they want to find a way out of this for the, you know, but they're a little bit.
And they're a little slow catching on, don't you think?
Yeah, exactly. And also another thing.
Did you see Larry King tonight ago?
No.
But he had Bob Woodward on.
No.
And Woodward had something interesting to say.
He said that he could work on reliable sources.
That Monaco Linsky agrees now with the first lady when she said about a right wing, that's where he went to conspiracy.
Right.
And she felt that she was set up and noticed the part of it.
Uh-huh.
And also Martin Fitzwater said the PD Myers beware of the independent council before she stepped up to her job.
And also about you.
Yeah.
Well, you know, you know, that was pretty good to say that.
And that was when she had a lot to beware of, right?
Right.
Anyway, about your job.
I've been thinking for a lot of years.
And you're the best at motivating an audience, looking at all these little friendsy, that this town will never change.
And if it's a matter of how long you want to, I think we didn't burn it out.
How long do you want to go through with this?
It's like an endurance contest.
Exactly.
It's like the audience is testing me to see how long.
In other words, it's like a balance between that big paycheck I get every 15 days.
Or whether it's worth killing yourself coming here, trying to beat them and we'll probably give them to say something about anything.
But if you try to one thing, you've succeeded in every type of platform there is.
I mean, you've been in data.
You've been in all sorts of time zones.
Yeah.
And you've always succeeded.
But how, I think you're getting, I think two more years than you'll be out of here.
I think you've, you've got to.
So I think you're right.
Two more hours and that could do it.
Exactly.
Two more minutes in there might be over.
Have a great day.
Sorry about it.
God bless you.
No, actually, if I felt good, then I could fight the good fight.
You know what I'm saying?
If I didn't have this crap, if I had a doctor, I don't want to knock doctor Mark, because he's made himself, you know, he injected himself.
He put himself in his position and even said to me, well, you know, I'm in a delicate position because I'm made myself a public figure.
What you did that you chose to do that.
And the onus is on your shoulders now, doctor.
And just saying to somebody, well, you know, you're fine.
You don't need me.
It'll go away.
That's not my specialty.
I never stole a freight train.
That doesn't do anything.
I mean, there comes a point of endurance when you can only handle something for so long and it becomes so uncomfortable and so annoying to say, please somebody, either chop my head off or find out what this is.
And let's move on with life and help it go away.
As opposed to, well, let's find you a dermatologist who's got a good sense of humor.
I don't want a sense of humor.
I don't want patched atoms.
I can't even stand Robin Williams.
I don't want to sense a humor.
I want some antibiotics.
I want some pills.
I want some drugs.
I want some injections.
I want some good weed.
That's what I need.
I don't even smoke it.
But I think I'm going to start right now.
Here's a lady in my V.
Chilla.
Thank you.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, I just wanted to present maybe another aspect about Cheryl Mill.
Yes.
It's not so much the content or what she's saying.
Yeah.
It's the appearance that he has a woman defending his sexual behavior and moral judgment.
He's a head woman in the Congress.
I mean, Maxine Waters and all these other women, Barbara Boxer in the Senate and Diane Feinstein.
He's got a Zidian woman who have been defending him all along.
Right.
But, you know, I mean, he could, as far as the content goes, he could have any one of his men attorneys, you know, bring out the strong points.
Of his case.
But, you know, all the Republicans that were accusing him, you know, was the bad thing about how he used poor Monica and took advantage of this young person.
And, you know, by using her to defend him, you know, and his sexual behavior that is so disturbing to a live woman.
That, you know, she's saying, no, it's just a contrary that, you know,
here, he could have any attorney he wants, but he's putting his fate in my hands to step up here and defend him.
So, that's just my take.
But, did you think she was effective?
Do you think what she said was effective?
The way she delivered it?
Well, I'd say again, it's not so much what she said.
It was just the fact that she was there.
Is it that she's a woman standing up for him, you know, and finding that it's not all so bad, you know, you know, just that, uh,
sexual behavior wasn't that bad, you know, it'll be turned off and Monica was just slurred anyway.
Right. That's what parents stand up for.
Exactly. Okay, have a great day, sweetheart.
Bye-bye.
Okay, now I'm starting to catch on a little bit of my catch it on now.
No.
We have an open line of Dave five, say, no, seriously, if it was, what would have been me?
If I were in his squeaky shoes, I'd have had that big Alan Dushu with up there yesterday.
And he would have just ripped them an ass.
He would have just brought the house down.
They wouldn't have had to give a sitting ovation because, you know, they're under a pen of a can't speak or they go straight to jail.
But, uh, boy, I'm saying he would have just brought the whole goddamn house down.
Alan Dushu with even though I, you know, I was pissed off at him with the OJ thing, but he's like all lawyers.
He's a whore.
So, you know, they're going to pay him some money. He'll defend anybody.
He don't give a crap.
But there's a guy who's like forceful and articulate knows the law and knows the constitution.
And, uh, he's Jewish beside.
Here's Margie.
Hello.
Hey, good morning.
You don't just want to say I've been fired up about this trade since the weekend.
You got Burray camped on the left post with me.
Camped on the right post.
How about Burray?
God, thank you, Wayne.
Okay.
Yeah.
How about a little...for Wayne?
Wow.
Okay.
There you go.
My lips are the only one on Wayne's rectum.
How do you like that?
There's a few other parents trying to get in there.
Wow.
You a hypocrite.
No, not a hypocrite.
I just want to give credit where credit is due.
I can't stand the guy.
I get physically ill when I see him and his bald head.
It's not he had to do it.
But nevertheless, he finally made a commitment to the organization that I care about a lot.
And made it worthwhile.
Going over there, that big $200 million woman that we built for him.
Now, just get the ice straight enough.
Get the gold lights angled out so we might see him once in a while.
Since they might be going on a hell of a lot more from now on.
I mean, can you imagine it?
Here's Pavel Burray.
He gets a pass at center-rise.
He streaks across the blue line.
He goes in alone.
He deeps the goalie out just like last night.
He sticks it in the net.
And you can't see the goalie.
Somehow, there's a little something missing there.
How what does it take to explain it to these dumb goyums in that organization over there at that Macarena?
People that just don't know how to put on a good show.
I heard them this morning talking about why, you know, if we have a new stadium, John,
Henry, we've got to have more of the bleachers stuff.
And Joe Rosas on there.
Oh, yeah, we've got to have more of the antics for the kids.
People will come out just to see the game.
Well, isn't that great?
We've got to have a dog and pony show out there because the game is obviously so boring baseball that we've got to have a whole bunch of crap going on in the bleachers out there.
Otherwise, people won't show up.
Great.
We have an open line in Dave County, 56670560,
on the mobile one line, Hank Goldberg from Shula State 2 to 2 o'clock, the boosters 67,
Panther pregame at 7 o'clock, the Panthers at the Rangers at the Garden 730 tonight.
The so-called Russian rocket will be on the ice.
Here's a lady in Bokeh. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Neil. Yes.
Who has it to me?
You know what I'm saying to you?
What is it?
That's Dutch.
I'm asking you how you were doing in Dutch.
Oh, I'll have to believe.
That's the only word I know.
I don't know.
I don't know what it means, but I have to believe.
I don't know.
I can't translate that.
You're Dutch and you know what that word means?
Well, I know what it means in Dutch, but in English.
I don't know.
Please, or something.
It's kind of like, like please.
Yeah.
It's like Prego in Alora.
Alora in Natalia.
It's like that.
I'm calling about the hockey.
We were very excited about the Thai last night.
Right.
So to every home game and I'll be there.
Again, when he's there.
Well, I'll tell you one thing.
They're better not be one empty seat in that place when it is.
Or I'm personally going to see who's responsible for it.
That's right.
Good.
If there's any empty seats, I will go out before you game and drag people in physical boxes.
Yeah, why don't you do that?
I'm going to do it.
I'll help you.
Okay.
I'll have to believe.
Stop.
Stop.
That's one language.
I'm not going to tackle.
Thank God they speak English there in Holland.
Dutch.
Man, oh man.
I have a lot of guttural stuff.
Maybe if you eat all that fish, you know, they eat a lot of fish, a lot of eel, a lot of snails.
Which kind of like, they look like snails, but it's not.
We have an open line at day five, six, seven, oh five, six, eight, pound, five, six, the automobile one line.
Four Georgia's in there today.
Go through a big song and an answer with this audio vault.
Which I don't want to start a big thing about that again.
Because I have a good memory.
I don't have my Alzheimer's hasn't kicked in quite yet.
Just about, oh, ten or 11 months ago when I first came on here and started making trouble about the muddy spots that you couldn't understand on the air that advertisers paid for.
And these people pretended they didn't know what I was talking about.
And then to pacify us, oh yeah, but we're not going to play those old carts anymore, but all those broken down cart machines.
We're getting the audio vault computer.
So the spots will also on Crispin clear and you can understand those little ten-year-old kids from what they're saying on those spots.
Here we are. It's January 20th, 19, 21st, 1999.
Has the audio vault been working on QAN these last ten months?
No.
How do you like that?
And we've got in the other room now.
Is it working well sometimes?
Yeah, sometimes, you know?
Yeah, that's right. It's kind of like, and, and, yeah.
Depending on how you look at it, it's not just one thing.
It's all of these things.
Right.
That's exactly right.
Isn't it?
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
And for Georgia spending all of his time on the phone over there with the other building, oh, is this spot in here?
Is that spot in here?
Is that spot in here?
Where we're having it like yesterday.
We got a whole bunch of the, uh, board ops from the other shows and the producers over here trying to get a primer on how the hell this damn thing works.
And in the meantime, I'm sitting here trying to do a radio show.
And our program director assisted me on the phone yesterday.
Oh yeah, well, you know, you got a good point.
I enjoy hearing Georgia on the year too.
I said, it's not a question of hearing Georgia on the year giving me banter back and forth.
It's a question of like answering the phone, paying attention to whatever's going on here, doing the The O'Rodger show is what we're trying to do here.
Because we got a program director and a sales manager between the two of them.
I've got no concept of what it takes to do a radio show.
None.
Zero.
Less than none.
Those are the clown with that red nose that he borrowed from Robin Williams.
He's got a better idea of what the hell it takes.
The O'Rodger's got.
There's some with him.
Oh, stop.
There's a guy.
He's losing in my any jamming or writer's truck to join the other Julio.
Are you?
I'm pages in the back square.
I carry my cock.
You can hear a lot of studios.
And this my kill was not killed.
That's all depends on it.
I win or lose.
That's what I act.
We talk fight.
You can't let three or six be.
When you're sublimated and laughing then for Barrett is the way it is you be.
Well, there's Jorge, Orlando and Julio.
Whose cock's love is easy to lose.
And the arena you can see the vectorino rules.
Growing stiff as a block of wood.
We use cock fighting as an elephant to cover what we do inside.
Behind the curtain all the macho guys are given a wink to his panic round eyes.
And when you're sublimated and laughing then for Barrett is the way it you be.
Well, there's a guy.
Oh, there's what three or six be.
Are you sublimated and laughing then for Barrett is the way it you be.
By the way, yesterday we had put a poll that we took during the five or six minutes of the show and we had a couple of talks.
And we were talking about what constitutes sex.
You know, that study that they did the Journal of the American Medical Association.
The guy that got fired for publishing it and et cetera and so on.
And the majority of people over almost unanimous said that oral sex does not constitute sex.
All of the Hispanic color says anal sex never constitutes sex.
However, I was thinking about it later on and I will say this having had a limited amount of experience.
Having had a tremendous amount of experience that if you're having sex, if you're administering oral sex to a uncircumcised man.
And you roll back the foreskin that is definitely sex.
Huh?
If you what?
Because that makes it much more personal.
So in other words, if you're Jewish, you can get oral sex.
It's never sex.
Okay?
Oh, that's right.
Never constitutes sex.
But if you're like European, if you're Hispanic, if you're like one of those other barbarians walking around with foreskin.
And the administer of the oral sex rolls the foreskin back.
That's a conscious act that makes the entire process more intimate and therefore definitely constitutes sex.
What if it rolls back all by itself?
Well, that's a well, and of course, also it depends on whether the head actually pops out of the deployed during your experience and says hello.
If it doesn't, you're not doing it right.
Well, like I said, isn't that what they're always talking about rolling back the prices?
Here's South Miami. Hello?
And then Neil, good morning.
Yes, sir.
25-year hockey fan, six-year season ticket holder for who won is just thrilled that he's here.
Yes.
That makes four of us.
And they tell the people out of town are more enthused for us than the people in town. That's the best part.
You know, there's probably eight or ten superstars in the league and now the Panthers have one of them.
Right. His presence on the ice will just pick up the player, the other player.
Did you watch the game last night?
It was great.
Boy.
I mean, if I thought DeVorac was fast, but this guy, yeah.
This guy always has a way to fit in.
But also, you notice DeVorac got the first goal that he got since December 30th,
and once Pavel got the first goal, the rest of the guy started lifting up their game.
And that's what a superstar does. That's what a lot of people don't realize.
But a lot of these young players have been like aimlessly skating around without any leadership,
without any inspiration.
Now all of a sudden they're going to turn up their performance several matches.
Well, they've always said that.
You've got four guys on the ice and they're okay.
He walks on the ice now.
You have five good players.
Right.
Let's just hope it happens.
I just hope that he winds up on line with Whitney a lot because they both make great passes
and they compliment each other.
I think like that five on three goal they got last night.
That was just a beautiful thing.
That thing went in and awake.
Do you think McLean comes out of the net too much?
Yes. You think he's going to get stuck while he's time's by.
He of course, and he scares the hell out of me.
There are two things that he does.
Well, I mean, most of what he does, Bob, is to include my first greasy goal.
But after that he was okay.
But one of the things that he does is that he freezes the puck when it doesn't,
he slows the game down to a crawl either because he doesn't have a lot of confidence in his defense
or in himself.
But he just free like the bees are used to do that too.
I hate that.
Instead of playing it and keeping the action going,
giving it to his defense, he freezes it too much.
And also, like you said, I mean, there were a couple of times last night when he was like stuck behind the net.
And it was only a miracle that they couldn't get the puck in the empty net.
We skated a couple of times.
But let's, by the way, a long time moderate Republican who's just fed up with the whole scenario.
And I hope it goes away.
Amen.
Wish us luck tonight.
All right.
Yeah, now that the so-called Russian rocket has got his feet wet and got a little, you know,
little of that jet lag worn off.
Maybe he'll get three or four tonight.
We have an open line and then of course the Ranger fans, no matter what they say,
they're just jealous because they would, they would kiss the ground.
They would kiss everybody's ass if they could have had him.
Here's a mobile in Medley.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
The reason why, um, parade left.
And the government has last year, and it was in its contract,
that if it was break 50 gold,
they would get a bonus for that year.
And the next year that you would be paid top two players like Jaguar and Lendero.
And then they would, they would hesitate in Shukin and Jyvin.
So he'd forget it.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
He's making, he was making $8 million this year in his contract with Vancouver.
Yangerine making, oh, eight million.
I think he's making seven million something, isn't he?
Yeah, I'm not sure.
I thought they were all making around eight.
Yeah, I thought that was a salary with him.
And then he would have had a bank over this year,
eight million of which there's three million left with the Panthers will be paying him.
Well, maybe that didn't give him his like one or two million dollar for last year.
Yeah.
And now, he just plans that they made a lot of promises to him and they jerked him around
and they didn't treat him fairly.
And when you're in his league and your heads and shoulders of everybody else,
you deserve to be treated with respect in a way they told him they would.
Yeah, exactly.
And I'm messier.
That he was a little stubborn messier.
He's like a third of a player he is and messier is making what, six?
Yeah.
And he is.
And that's why.
Well, good luck for us and thanks for the good news.
We have an open line of day one in Brown, whatever he said, five, six, seven, oh, five, 60,
pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line, whatever he said.
All of these things.
Right.
Here's a four-lawter Dale.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil, how's it going?
Okay.
Hey, I really appreciate you showing.
Listen, I got good news for you.
Yeah.
I got your remedy.
And also, you've always had for people who had any kind of hot stock, it for the week to
give you a call.
Yes, sir.
I got both of them for it.
All right.
So it's one of the same.
This company is a new homeopathic company.
A homeopathic?
Homeopathic.
Homeopathic.
Yeah.
Homeopathic.
And one of the products increases T cell count by 1,300 percent within the first hour that
you take it.
Yeah.
And it's a white blood cell, the whole bit.
I mean, it's all homeopathic and very well documented.
That's a bottom line.
It's a private company right now about to go public.
I'm probably in the next six months.
And you might be also interested in this stock.
Yeah.
So, I'd love to ask you on the mail.
Okay.
Get you some information.
Take it to your doctors and see if this could help you out.
Take it to my doctors?
Or just take it.
And besides, it's looking two joints in the morning.
That should fix you up.
Okay.
Okay.
Have a great day.
Okay.
What's that back?
You got the number?
I sure do.
Okay.
What did you say?
Part of the D-Stream.
Yeah. That's what I thought.
Okay. We have an open line in day one in Broward.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Now, what's going on?
We're not going to be bringing a whole bunch of boxes over here again today.
Are we going to start that like where we picked off yesterday?
Are we doing that again?
Yes.
And then what?
Good luck to them.
Good luck to them.
What?
I've used this machine for a lot like a long time.
The audio volume?
I don't have a lot of fun right now.
In other words, it's a piece of crap.
Is that what you're saying?
No, it's just that it's only halfway done.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, who wants to get only halfway done?
If you're going to get done, get done all the way, baby.
Or if you want to get halfway done for Christ's,
even Bubba would want to get just, well, no, several times he said
he was only halfway done.
Well, maybe he was busy.
So, a lot of you right wingers are jealous.
Okay.
Who else could be taking care of world events on the telephone
and getting serviced at the same time?
Oh!
So, it's going to be a real picnic for these guys.
But guess what?
We do have the ants, so that's the good news.
Lee Chow, Erin's coming.
She looks like a guy.
She's 70 wide.
She makes me want to touch rise.
A chick with a dick.
She makes me want to touch rise.
She makes me want to touch rise.
She makes me want to touch rise.
A bunch of you say,
a formatic is a,
a formatic is a,
a vibrancercy melancholy.
A bunch of you say,
a bunch of you say,
a vibrancercy melancholy.
A bunch of you say,
a formatic is a,
a formatic is a,
a vibrancercy melancholy.
You've had a talk with a softly-sla-ly dick.
You're really that twice in a row.
A,
a,
a,
a,
a,
a,
a,
a,
a,
a,
a,
a,
Good afternoon. Just another perspective on the trade as it... I mean nobody can say
enough words about Pavel Roy what he is. But Monday night after that
debacle in Buffalo, I thought I saw something so I tried to watch as closely as
possible last night and I'm sure that I saw it. This defenseman that we got in
place of Jolo. Brad Hedican, yeah. Brad Hedican, right. He isn't half bad is he?
He's excellent. He's a tremendous defenseman. He's a great skater. He had two assists
last night. He put the bull back in there alone for that goal late in the game.
The fifth goal. He's outstanding. This was a steal of the century this year.
And he's not going to make a bunch of stupid bonehead mistakes over and over again
like special ed because he's got intelligence. Eddie I'd like to... Ed Jovenowski
maybe the greatest physical specimen to ever play the game but but the fact is
he doesn't have the smarts to ever be. All that physical specimen is
south of his shoulders. This guy brings intelligence to his smart hockey player.
That a great skater too. If the third member of the trade disperients in the
miners, if he pans out at all, this trade... We might have to start kissing Brian Murray's
back. No, wait, that's really pushing. I don't want to kiss too much ash here one day.
Not this spokesman. Anyway, it's looking up. Well thank God for us pal.
Yes. Okay, and have a great day. Thank God for all ten of us and all we're talking about here.
And the rest of them are going... Blu, blu, blu, blu, blu, blu, blu, blu, blu, blu,
aure. Two open lines a day one and groward. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10. So right in the middle of the show,
I think what we're going to do is do this every day is what we're going to do. Like right around
the new now, we're kind of like two, you know, break things up a little bit. We'll have the people
from the other building come over here and they'll sit in there with George and take a look at
the audio vault and see if we can find where the spots are and how that thing works and
patch your mind a little bit and see, you know, this is kind of the way we're doing it.
It's kind of like fumble and bumble and mumble your way through to see if this is a transition
from the other building. We'll actually ever take place here. And of course the general manager
ain't seen him lately. He's often hiding somewhere just like when we started in this studio back
like a year ago, often Chicago, off hiding somewhere. A lot of meetings. Here's Pompano. Hello.
Hey, you know how to go? Okay, sir. I had a call and tell you the management
education has got to get their head out of their ass because digital is not going to solve the problem.
I mean, if you're using analog tape and you got someone that doesn't know how to record something.
Yeah. Or if you got non-tower. What do we care about that? I mean, what do they,
the audio vault is just a question of limiting the carts and sticking it over here?
Yeah, but if you got somebody, it doesn't know what they're doing. Yeah.
It's kind of suck-in digital. It's that audio, all versus analog tape,
isn't going to make any big difference. But we don't care. You don't understand. We don't care
about that. Yeah, you're missing the point. The management here doesn't care what it sounds like.
I mean, some of the stuff. In a long run, it's just a lot easier to do it. Because the carts are
expensive now, they don't even make them anymore. Yeah, but can't manage to understand it's still
been a sound like that only. They don't care. They don't care. They don't care, sir. And you don't
want to listen to me. They don't care. Do they care? No. There you go. And have a nice day.
Okay, down to a couple calls on the board again. I'm just going to start tearing up the newspaper.
Because it makes me feel, makes me feel a lot better. Yeah. Oh, yeah. It makes me feel like a real man.
When I start ripping up the newspaper and little shreds. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Lake Worth. Hello. Yeah, hello. It's Mike and Lake Worth. Yes, sir. I don't know if you remember back in the 80s from the
island. Is that Billy's? No, I don't. I don't want to talk about the old. That's. That's. I mean, just that's it. They're playing in front of empty crowds like last night.
The property in there. They're all yelling Mike muskull, Milbury muskull. You know, people in ancient history. They've destroyed the franchise.
They were in one player. That was a catalyst. Yeah. Most people don't realize this. But scoring. Yeah.
That wasn't what in board. She became the catalyst. Yeah. And I thought I was in East Top. I feel really.
Yeah. And he's was the second wife. That he was his first pipe. Uh-huh.
Another, I have another question. I want to post. You know, I'll turn it up and listen to it.
Who do you think is more ethical and broadcasting? People on the radio or people at right articles for papers?
Give me your opinion on that number. More ethical. Well, what's the goal in there? And they're approached to journalism.
I mean, people like yourself that are on the radio. I'm not a journalist. I'm an entertainer. I never pretended to be a journalist.
Yeah, but what you say has a lot of quality, especially when it comes to hockey.
Yeah. Well, I'm a hockey journalist. Okay. Thank you, sir. Okay. One call left in the board. What kind of music we got today, Neil?
Yeah. It's that noon. Uh, whatever a gonzer used to call. Gonzer's grill.
Unzaita. Remember those days, boy, it makes one one upchuck when I think about it.
How about the soundtrack from the big chill? That sounds good to me.
I don't have any six-minute cuts like the Commodore is three times the lady. That was special yesterday.
That was really special. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8. This is our pre-music request recalls here.
See if there's any interest left out here in the show. And you know, I asked. I came right out openly and I was
serious about it. And nobody wants to respond.
Because it's obvious this show is not going to find this radio station anymore. What is it the
audience would you like to have Booge and Chris Moron back on his day? What would you like to hear
about the sports table? Okay. Maybe they can play that twice and they can play that right off tape
or they can open up a pot and put it on. We don't have to worry about being in the studio where we're
going to be. This building, that building. Let's get with it. I can handle it.
Oh, now that I've seen him, oh no, I can't handle it. CCR. Oh, did on CCR and that one of your
unzata, people have cured me of CCR for the rest of my life. That I cannot handle. How about?
Nah. This reminds me of that blood.
One in the night.
But it's a little bit stale at this point. Kind of like the audience. We have an open line
and date one and brodered 567-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile implantation.
Hello. Hey Neil, how are you? Okay, sir. Hey, look at a couple things. First of all,
I dialed this pound 560 but I don't have AT&T wireless. How come I'm getting through? I don't
get that Bell Stow. But anyway, whatever, whatever. If you got to, don't be not going to
it, okay? Exactly. We'll be in for it.
