He has a stuff. He has a stuff. He has a stuff.
My mom is a crack whore. My dad has a.
My grandpa was the comodons of Auschwitz.
Moose and Daddy saw Kennedy's mom.
My mom used to have a snack.
My dad had good mushrooms in his butt.
He is talking too much. Give a McGinney doggie down her chew
and a good snack upside the head.
He is talking to his mom.
He is talking to his mom.
He is talking to his mom.
He is talking to his mom.
He is talking to his mom.
He is talking to his mom.
He is talking to his mom.
He is talking to his mom.
He is talking to his mom.
He is talking to his mom.
He is talking to his mom.
He is talking to his mom.
He is talking to his mom.
He is talking to his mom.
He is talking to his mom.
He is talking to his mom.
He is talking to his mom.
He is talking to his mom.
He is talking to his mom.
He is talking to his mom.
He is talking to his mom.
He is talking to his mom.
He is talking to his mom.
He is talking to his mom.
He is talking to his mom.
He is talking to his mom.
He is talking to his mom.
He is talking to his mom.
He is talking to his mom.
He is talking to his mom.
He is talking to his mom.
He is talking to his mom.
He is talking to his mom.
He is talking to his mom.
He is talking to his mom.
He is talking to his mom.
He is talking to his mom.
He is talking to his mom.
He is talking to his mom.
He is talking to his mom.
He is talking to his mom.
He is talking to his mom.
He is talking to his mom.
He is talking to his mom.
He is talking to his mom.
He is talking to his mom.
He is talking to his mom.
He is talking to his mom.
He is talking to his mom.
He is talking to his mom.
He is talking to his mom.
He is talking to his mom.
He is talking to his mom.
He is talking to his mom.
He is talking to his mom.
He is talking to his mom.
He is talking to his mom.
He is talking to his mom.
He is talking to his mom.
He is talking to his mom.
He is talking to his mom.
He is talking to his mom.
He is talking to his mom.
He is talking to his mom.
He is talking to his mom.
His mom.
This is the class student.
This is the class student.
This is the class student.
He is the class student.
The class student.
The class student.
In this class student.
would be a tip off that he's listening, which is probably why he wrote the letter instead.
But this bizarre thing about, wow, you know, we're turning it off right now.
And maybe not, we're still listening, but it's just a second.
As soon as we finish talking to you, we're going to turn it off.
If I had a dollar for every call I've had like that in the last 23 years, I would be an
answer to them right now with all that drugs in the field and whatever he was talking
about, all that grotesque stuff that he was so upset about.
But that's the one that wrote the letter, who's been listening since 1985.
And we have a conversation that was it something really all that provocative?
Did I say Yamama?
You know, did I say your mother so socks and hell that I attacked his virility?
Something like that?
No, all I did was say that this is a barbaric country.
There are a lot of things about it.
I find very objectionable, including all the lack of respect for human life, the rampant murders
that we got here, the gun violence.
And I'm not crazy about it.
I don't like it.
And I would like to live somewhere I think is a little more civilized.
And right away he goes on, goes off on it, has a nervous breakdown.
And after 14 years of listening, the side that he's wasted his time, and I'm a bad guy,
and I'm a no-talent son of a bitch, and everything I touch turns to crap and to mark
Jacobson this.
First of all, I want you to stop and think about this.
How many years ago was the last time I was on a mark to ER?
Talk about reaching for something.
I was on a mark.
That show hasn't been on.
The candle for the show.
First of all, he hasn't worked there for about two or three years anyway.
So the last time I was on that show could have been like four or five years.
Like I said yesterday, Scott, Mixer was on the show.
Pete Sanprice was on the show.
People a lot more famous and a lot more wealthy than I'll ever be.
Did anybody attack them for going on the show?
No.
But reaching, stretching and reaching, and it's not so much what he said.
It's just the idea that he's pissed off because I disagree with him.
And because several times after I got the call, because of the degree of inanity of
his response, I quoted him, screw you, Neil.
And I mentioned that call several times, which finally got to him, obviously.
Very upset and listening right now for the 15th year.
And we'll be listening tomorrow and the day after that.
You're all my favorites.
The ones who say it's one or two things.
It's a radio accident like the spectacled in yesterday.
The tunes in every now and then.
And how come you say that word?
Spectacled because of people like you pal.
That's why.
Because you're being known to get a call from a guy like you that reminds me that there are real professional
spicks out there.
Just another radio accident just tunes in every now and then.
And then finally when I ask him why do you listen?
I so I can hear what an asshole sounds like.
I know.
Right.
You're listening right now, amigo.
Yeah, I asked the K.O.
Your meat is.
He's listening right as I speak just like all these other people who are going to turn it off.
Any second.
They can't stand it.
They hate it.
It's been nauseated.
They hate them any moment.
They're going to be turning off the show.
They have their hand on the knob right now.
They're twisting it.
They're turning it.
They're fiddling with it.
Not necessarily the radio knob and not necessarily their own.
But they're got their hand on the knob as I speak.
You're not fooling me.
Maybe you're fooling somebody else out there.
You're not fooling me.
Maybe you're fooling yourself.
I'm ecstatic that I got that letter yesterday.
It made me feel that life was worth living almost as much as going on there with manage.
I don't know if anybody.
If you know something, you know what I discovered yesterday?
Well, I already knew this.
But there is absolutely, positively, the amount of crossover.
I don't think I've ever worked on a radio station like this before where the crossover is none.
Zero, not existing.
None.
Because I walked in there and managed to just barely start at his thing.
And he has a bone to pick with me, whatever that was, which is why I went in there.
To see what that bone he was picking on.
And there were several lines lit up.
And as soon as I sat down in there, which by the way, that's a very nice studio they got in there.
As soon as I sat down and started talking, I could, because the phone is right in front of you,
I could see the lines blinking and popping out going off.
As soon as they heard the sound of my voice, even though he's a very handsome young man who can't see that.
Right.
One man to tour over in Tommy Brady.
Nice going there, a man to, nice call, a mad dog told you.
And of course, he wouldn't answer my question about this book, which I brought the book in today.
I got some stuff that'll knock your socks off, man, that'll just have you screaming in hysteria,
either with joy or with whatever.
But I noticed that he not only didn't answer that question for the 500th time about all this crap that goes on this locker room stuff and all this clutching and grabbing and ass laughing and, you know, he evaded that he very skillfully moved that along.
And in doing so, distracted me from the fact, which I totally forgot about the fact that his defensive Brian Greasy,
where did Brian Greasy play his college ball?
Michigan.
So not only is, you know, managed like an appendage to Bob Greasy, Daddy, but Brian went to school at Michigan.
So that's why we know that he stands up for Brian Greasy.
He's a very handsome young man.
I don't think so.
OK.
In fact, to be honest, he looks a lot like daddy, which is unfortunate.
He has a stud.
Yeah, that's true.
Nine minutes after 10 at 560 WQAM, I'll tell you one thing.
One day, I think we'll just play managed drops for four hours.
You know what I'm saying?
Like we had in front of a fifth is cute.
Yeah, like those for four hours.
Get a 90's year easy.
Nine minutes after 10, everybody get the soap and the towels out.
We're going to take some showers together here today.
All the cadets, all the hockey players, all your other macho guys.
I get to get to sit at the door where they all shower together
and feel real excited about it.
He gets 20 white men and they look like women.
Oh, right.
And the buddy is a good high G.
I know a way to keep your hands green.
In public college when you're all blue.
Keep your leg and flush with your shoe with your foot flushes.
Oh, you're such a...
Yeah.
You're such a...
You're such a...
You're such a...
Sorry, kiddo, they said this is easy.
And so, so, that's your mama's way.
You don't want to get some rags on, eh?
Just use your foot and you'll be lying to say, by foot flushes.
Oh.
Okay.
Okay.
Let's go shoot.
Stop it.
Stop it.
Hey!
Watch your hands before you touch.
Or watch your mouth when it's up, by the mud.
You will and by way you think you deserve.
Just use your foot whenever you touch.
Give me some flushes.
Okay.
You think you're flushes.
You think you're flushes.
You think you're flushes.
You think you're flushes.
You think you're flushes.
You know who they remind me of the foot flushes?
That's another group of panes, you know?
They're like the guys who like John Penis, the site of a needle.
I think that was when you were on vacation, when it came in and took my blood that time.
And Joe was working that day.
And the John Penis brought the people in.
And he sat in there with his head very like, I'll turn all purple, right of the unusual,
because he was so embarrassed to look by the droop blood out of my arm, when they stuck the needle in there.
Oh yeah, you know all these macho guys who some of them who pass out at the site of blood,
or that you thought of somebody sticking an eagle in their arm.
Just like the foot flushes who are so so howard used times a thousand, so obsessed,
and so neurotic about germs that they're flushin' a pay toilet with their foot.
I mean a public toilet with their foot.
Which is kind of difficult, of course, if it's a urinal, but nevertheless.
Never try that.
So here's this book. This book is unbelievable.
I should be the whole goddamn book on here.
Laura Robinson writes, crossing the line, violence and sexual assault in Canada's national sport.
About sexual abuse in Yuthaki, junior and minor hockey especially.
But it also been in a lot of other areas of mail endeavor.
And I'm going to read some of this today at the risk of being a little bit ponder.
Let's give it a crank call. WQA and hello.
Yes sir.
Okay, thank you.
Okay, see how did you know that?
14 points of blood?
That was the guy, right.
But he didn't say it the same way today, of course.
Screw you, Neil, screw you.
Yeah, and he's still listening.
Just like I said, nice going, Neil.
Man, I'm going to take a second.
I'm a sharp as a razor blade today.
That's right.
I'm a sharp as a razor, a razor witness.
That's how sharp I am today.
Got rights being anonymous letter and I know exactly who it is.
Exactly who it is.
No matter how anonymous you try to be, I know it's you because you're just a paranoid twit is what you are.
I'll see an Amsterdam sweetheart.
Yeah, you'll probably be there with the stable master bar.
Probably another leather queen, but nevertheless.
I want to just skip around here before I get into the meat of the matter,
which is stuff that we've been talking about on this show for a long, long time.
Of course, the sports nerds, you better turn it off right now.
That's a great club you more on.
How many times have we said that on this show, especially since coming on this sports,
this Jacque intensive radio station?
Speaking of the Citadel, by the way, and Shannon, I Faulkner, speaking of that,
that's got some interesting observations.
One of them says, I know it sounds trivial, but all of us in one shower,
it's like we're all one.
We're all the same.
And I don't know if you feel exposed, but you feel safe.
You know these guys are going to be your friends for life.
We're all suffering together.
It's how we bond.
Ryan Pronger, a sports ethics professor at the University of Toronto,
was author of a book called The Arena of Masculinity,
Sports Homosexuality in the Meaning of Sex.
In it, he refers to the paradox of Orthodox masculinity.
In a highly homophobic climate, a great deal of time is spent trying desperately to be a man's man.
If a man feels the need to prove his heterosexuality,
he engages in homosocial activities such as male-only sports,
or joins other male-only organizations.
Within those subcultures, though, as a highly eroticized,
but completely denied atmosphere that tries to recreate the outside world
and uses new entrants, the rookies or knobs, as the designated females.
His older teammates bitch to use the expression of the Guelph Gryphon's hockey team.
We socially construct both feminine and masculine roles,
so all hockey players and soldiers, no matter how brutal their behavior,
are simply acting in ways they believe real men should act.
Consistent in every expert's analysis is the degradation of women,
or if designated women from subservient male group,
whatever whichever one happens to be.
So it can be like a real woman, or it can be like one of the bitches,
one of the young guys.
We definitely have to see naked a lot,
and forced to participate in a lot of sexual acts.
Now, here comes the good stuff.
Peggy Reeves Sandey is a professor of anthropology at the University of Pennsylvania
in Philadelphia.
She studied campus fraternities for two years in the early 1980s
before writing fraternity gang rapes.
In 1966, she wrote a woman's score in the Quaintance Rape on Trial,
which includes a historical look at how attitudes and laws concerning rape were formed.
She says the incidence of fraternity gang rapes are very high,
but American research has shown that sports team gang rapes have surpassed them even higher.
There are many similarities between the two,
while girls are called groupies, pucks, pucks, bunnies, or dirties by hockey players,
the fraternities refer to a woman who they believe will have sex with
on any role of them as a party girl.
Both groups, as well as other male sports teams across North America,
have developed a vocabulary to describe sex with these women.
The show occurs when one of them has sex with a female in the rest of watch.
The rodeo occurs when she tries to get out of the room as she's conscious,
and the train is the line of a man waiting to have sex with her.
Pulling train refers to the process of one man after another having sex with a groupie
or party girl.
Gang rapes goes beyond the passive photograph and the singular act of masturbation
that porn provides as Reeves Sande,
but the men still have this belief that the woman has no sexual agency,
that she is purely a commodity,
and that her passivity should be there to accommodate their sexual needs.
The sex should not be mistaken for heterosexual sex as Reeves Sande,
instead the group masturbation for sports teams that is accommodated
through the presence of a female body is really a homosexual act.
The reason for this, she says, is that the emotional relationship exists between the men,
not between the men and the woman,
and her body services their needs to perform for each other.
Her presence allows them to come as close as they can to an intimate relationship
with each other while at the same time presenting visible proof of their masculinity.
The real meaning of the word's homo is in same and sexual as an act of sex gets blurred
simply because a woman's body is being penetrated,
but without female sexual agency,
without an appreciation of respect for what her body desires,
a woman may as well be a blow-up doll with three orifices.
The only emotional relationship the athletes have with the female in this situation
is one of contempt.
This hardly fosters appreciation of female sexuality.
The boys learn there to be items exchanged by older men in sports.
It's the sports trade, which of course is the analog to the girls in the sex trade,
but the girls don't get paid much while the boys do if they make it.
The point is both are reduced to being an item for purchase.
There is a relationship between the cultural image of a hockey player
and the commoditized body of a player being put into circulation for money.
We can measure the financial cost of producing a young man like this,
but we can never measure the human cost.
He is a highly sexualized and highly homo-eroticized commodity,
but the homophobia and the secrecy of this culture don't allow us to take a good look
at how men rate these boys and how they, the hockey players, translate that into raping young women.
Reeves Tandace says that most rapes of young men occur by men who identify themselves
as heterosexual because of homophobia.
In fraternities and teams, much of the sexual abuse occurs in initiations.
The initiates are caught not only in a homophobic culture that paradoxically has just abused them,
but that they can't face what's happened to them because to do so
would call it a question the whole world of male sports,
the father figures who run it and what passes his family values.
Instead, says Reeves Tandace, they express their feelings of debasement
through sacrificing the bodies of young women who are thrown away
just like they throw away their own feelings, but they can't.
As any psychiatrist would tell you, you don't get rid of feelings by acting them out
if they have to constantly act them out over and over again because they can't face them.
In Stephen Ortiz's four-year study at the University of Berkeley conducted
with the wives of professional male athletes, only one wife out of 47 said there was any physical abuse in the marriage
and none said they had been raped by their husbands.
But several described sex with their husbands as fourth and devoid of any emotional attachment on his part.
Sex in these marriages was also infrequent because the players used groupies and girlfriends for sex.
Brian Prometer against sports ethics professor at the University of Toronto
in the arena of masculinity argues that pro sport is a homo-erotic culture in a home of homophobic climate.
This is a male only club says pro, says pronger of pro sport.
That's a gay club you moron.
Whether it's in the locker room, the playing field or a team party,
there's no interest in really including women.
Gang rape is really an excuse to have sex with each other, he says.
The woman is the intermediary.
She disappears as the vessel while the real sexual exchange is between men.
Homophobia and misogyny are double-edged sword.
These men fear the loss of masculinity if they actually have sex with each other.
Instead of loving each other, they abuse a woman and use violent sport as the way in which they try to bond with each other.
Why can't they accept what they're doing?
What's all the nakedness in the showroom about?
What's all the play and tal snapping if not a form of affection?
In other words...
That's a gay club you moron.
How do you like that?
Just what we've been trying to tell you on this program.
But of course, what does an old fag like me know?
Oh, it's wishful thinking, he's just making it up.
Just like the business about the wrestling, okay?
You're in denial.
You're in denial.
You can deny it as long as you want if it makes you feel...
And of course you have to do that because it makes you feel better about yourself.
Or you never thought of those things?
No, not when you were down there grappling with some guy with your hand between his legs.
With almost nothing on, they just got wood because they were excited because of the wrestling.
They didn't do that.
You're just imagining that.
No, seriously, I would like somebody to explain to me why it is.
See, I would just say the George during the last break.
It would never...
For any reason, as they confirmed six on the Richter scale as a complete absolute faggot,
it would never...
There would never be any reason for me to want to disrobe a woman to take off her blouse,
to take off her broth, to remove a bracelet.
I mean, to remove any piece of clothing, any garment.
And yet all of these initiations, just like I talked about yesterday and as usual,
very little response because you're all in the closet on this stuff.
All of these rituals, all of these initiations with these clubs,
the fraternities, the locker room, the sports craft,
involved first of all, the booze to loosen everybody up,
and secondly, nudity, the guys you got to get naked.
And then of course, all kinds of sexual, whatever it might be,
whatever they can get away with, spanking, spanking,
being boggly, slowly down.
Exactly, you name it.
Don't forget the military.
Don't forget the marshmallows and erecting.
So maybe somebody will fess up to all of this today because like we've been telling you for a long time,
it's a gay club you moron.
Excellent, nice book there, Leonard Loran.
Thanks, you're the guy, my lawyer friend, Alan, the keys who sent that to me.
Thank you, sir.
Holy mackinon, this is Joe Boyle on the Voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs,
and you're listening to the hockey authority, Neil God.
For a long time, I was a lonely virgin.
That's right, for nearly 30 years, I had never known the rapture of cannabial bliss.
The one day, like a bolt of lightning, it hit me.
Fat chicks, they're easy.
Men all across America are realizing the benefits of fat chicks.
Not nearly as picky as those found on the covers of magazines.
Fat chicks are yours for the asking.
Forget fancy cologne, I just smear myself with a sense of flinke and a comma run it.
Fat chicks, jump in today.
1031 at 560 WQM, by the way, Lizette Campos on Channel 4, you're another jackass.
They got her out there standing with her umbrella this morning in the pouring rain.
Did you see that?
And the big, this is news in this town.
Okay, I want you to understand what makes news here.
The fact that people are eating inside, the sidewalk can't phase down to run south,
beats the RT-Farcy Places where they have the tables outside,
and people go outside and have their breakfast, and they're shattering up on it,
whatever they're eating.
I sure hope their eggs don't get too runny by the way this morning if they're eating outside.
And there's nobody outside that's pouring rain, and Lizette says,
oh, we looked inside, and even though the tables are outside, the chairs are all inside,
because people are choosing to sit inside, it's more.
There is a news story from Channel 4, people are eating inside because it's pouring rain outside.
I want you boys and girls out there to write that down.
We'll be taking an exam on it later on.
This is a news story.
And I'm sure a little later on, maybe in the new news today,
Channel 4 can give us the names of all the dogs and cats that were lost this morning.
That'll be some big news too, yeah.
I mean, they do this with a straight face, that's the best part.
Look at this tremendous response we got here on the phone today.
This could be the most profound stuff I've ever read in my life.
And I got one call on the board, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Bokello.
Is Bokello your tone?
Yes sir.
I had so much to talk about, I was going to talk about my germ thing.
When I wash my hands, I tear off a little scrap from the towel roll,
then put it on the handle so I can get a full thing of paper so I can wipe my face in hands.
That's like foot flush and I'm there with you in that club.
As for the other subject I started listening to and I started realizing,
I might be gay.
Do you have any...
What is that name?
I'm a vice.
Well I mean, I'll tell you.
I was a putty of mine and I wouldn't say that we were together with a girl and I just realized I was like,
man what's coming on here?
I'm saying move your balls over, I'm trying to get one here.
I don't know, is that making you gay?
No, it just means you're somewhere in the middle.
Somewhere in the middle?
Like everybody else?
Yeah, that's what I thought too.
Even though it was been in denial of that but nevertheless I think it includes it conclusively.
You got it, thank you for that.
I should like you sir, clean the shower.
Okay, there's a guy who's come out of the closet a little bit.
5607-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
One call on the board here, it's going to be a long music field Tuesday today.
You can smell it.
Of course we're building up to a Marlon double header.
I think most of that rain is like that thing took a while turnover.
It was going northeast Harvey and all of a sudden wake up this morning and here it is going southeast.
And like a big blob over us, most of which had already thank God passed on by.
So then actually get those ball games in, double header at 330 of the staff known.
Are you ready for that?
No.
I doubt it.
Here's North Miami, hello.
I knew.
Yes sir.
My name is Juan, I've been listening to your show for a while.
But there's a couple things that I mean I like a lot but I don't like.
Uh huh.
And.
I think it's the way you pick on people.
Yeah.
You know you.
Sir, I'm if you have something to say to talk about, I'd be delighted to talk to you since you're my only caller on the board.
But if you want to critique the show, you're wasting my time, okay?
One.
Hello.
Have a nice life.
Okay, that's it.
That's our medley of call today.
I guess put the book away.
Pack up all the good stuff, put a little music on there.
This one, it's got nothing to say about any of this, okay?
We got one who wants to give us a 40-quick of the show.
He likes some things, you don't like some other things.
Well, too bad, okay?
This is what it is.
If you like it, find if not, you know, put your hand on the knob and twist it like all these other people I'm saying.
Always give me a song of dance.
Oh, we're turning it off right now.
We can't stand you anymore.
It used to be a good guy.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Got him today, baby.
They're speechless.
Just like the thing of finding it, one or two years today, very slowly but surely,
sneaking out about the fraternities and the hazing and that stuff.
And you want to know why?
Because they're two goddamn embarrassed.
That's why.
This is another case.
If we had a voice writer here to, you know, hide the identity of the voices.
We'd have eight million people come with us with the stories about the initiation rights.
In their fraternities, at college, in the military, all of these things,
all of this, the factory that they go through.
You're not fooling me.
Here's North Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes?
How you doing, Uncle Neil?
OK.
You were talking about the sports fraternities and a lot of these guys are fags.
Well, I know another one that a lot of people are really in the North.
Correctional offices.
A little time in prison.
And, you know, it was funny.
You had like certain correctional offices that always wanted to frisk you and pass search you
and conduct strip searches.
And I used to ask them all the time.
They used to deal.
So, you know, you like looking at my, my unit, so to speak.
Yeah.
So, I think there's something fishy going on there.
But that's one that people need to know about.
All correctional offices are fags.
Why do you think they call it the slammer, by the way?
OK, OK.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
And of course, like the book says, very well, the women.
And have I said this before, the women are just vehicles.
It could be a blow up doll.
It could be anything.
They're just vehicles for a group masturbation in these, you know, in these gangbangs.
That's all it is.
Here's Cutler Ridge.
Hello.
How you doing?
OK, sir.
One of that callers called Mad Doggus Bay.
And said he heard on your show that there was some famed, but killed,
a 4 to 10C game, and needle-fed Harold, and had it with the one that he collaborated on that.
Well, the story that we got yesterday didn't say there were two kids that got killed
over the weekend and the two separate incidents.
But it wasn't at the game number one, and number two, the story that I got didn't say anything about
the being football fans or anything connected to that.
I just didn't hear anything on it.
There was one team.
The Harold didn't say nothing.
No, the Harold and neither one of our newspapers had anything about it.
Well, they're clueless.
I will go in there.
OK, pal.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's the lady mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hi.
Yes, ma'am.
I'm calling from Miami.
I heard your show here.
And I know you probably want to hear from the guys, but I got to tell you it's totally agree with you.
Totally.
Yeah.
You're right on.
I'm glad to hear someone coming out and saying the truth about these sort of things.
OK, sweetheart.
OK, thank you.
Don't say it any jocks.
Yeah, I know.
OK.
OK, stay away from the hockey arena.
Don't be pressing your nose up against the glass down there before the game, you know?
Like all those petunia pigs that are standing down there.
All those desparados because of what they don't realize is that you know, if they get too popular, they start getting passed around like real big time, you know?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
And then of course, why, you know, why should there be any doubt as to why they're all of these rapes?
Why, why, most athletes have no respect for women to begin with.
It's part of that culture.
It's part of the whole jockocracy.
It's to have no respect for women.
Use them, abuse them, discard them, lie about it.
And of course, 95% of the stories in this book when the guys go to trial, the community is on the side of the players.
And the woman's got to be a slut.
She must have been, she must have wanted it.
She was asking for it.
She was, she's lying because she's not the celebrity.
She's not a valuable commodity to anybody.
But the jock, now we're talking, baby, he's got the big bucks.
He's where our future lies.
He's where our ego lies.
I wonder how Eddie's doing, by the way.
Special Ed.
21 before 11 at 5, 60 WQM, our son of a bitch is cute.
The city isn't the group of fear and on the brink of destruction.
Cool among us will take a stand against the forces of evil.
Oh, this totally sucks.
You can bet it won't be.
Hey, how are you just going to fit right here and wait to die?
All right, the misery, man.
This sucks, ball!
Big ball!
Big daunty balls!
Misery, man.
Aren't you miserable?
That's going to do anything.
No, tension misery.
In theaters everywhere.
1044 at 5, 60 WQM.
By the way, anybody ever here of group sex were a whole bunch of women gang up on one guy?
Anybody ever here of that?
No.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Oakland Park.
Hello.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
I'd like to say one thing.
And Ken Jennings is a major, major F-hole.
Who?
Ken Jennings.
Ken Jennings?
Yeah.
Who's that?
You know him, brother.
Who is he?
Ken Jennings?
Who is he?
Is that his name?
No.
Sheriff?
Ken Jennings?
Is that his name?
Yeah.
He is a big F-hole.
I hope he rocks in hell.
Yeah.
Oh, I got it.
Okay, thanks for the bulletin, sir.
Okay.
There's a great call for you.
By the way, Panthers and Lightning at the Immacarina at night 730.
Tom Albert will not play.
And by the way, I'm starting to read all of this stuff that they're saying.
You know, you're Murray Boyz.
You could be some of the dumbest people in the history of any organization.
If he's really that fragile, and if we're really that paranoid about whether his knee is going to hold up or not,
at least let's not talk about it publicly.
And that's not an ounce of it to everybody else in the goddamn division.
And in the conference, God is it unbelievably stupid.
Practically like they're holding up a goddamn billboard saying, well, we're really peeing in our pants,
and we know that if he goes down, we're all finished.
And we're all out of a job.
And please don't anybody touch him or get near him.
And he ain't playing tonight.
560, 705, 60, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, it's like telling the quarter, telling everybody that the quarterback's got weak knees.
Right.
Very smart.
Hi, Neil. How are you?
Great. Good.
Hi, I live in Chicago, and I had to comment on what you were talking about with the news broadcast down here.
Oh, my God.
Whenever I want to watch comedy Central, all I do is turn on Rick Sanchez for a little while.
Yeah, it's raining.
We got a tropical storm here, and it's pouring cats and dogs, and people are eating inside.
They're not sitting at the sidewalk cafes.
And this is a news story, and we have a reporter, Lizette Campos, a channel four,
who's over there to pass along.
This very important information to us.
I used to think the Chicago news was bad, but man, you come down here for a little while,
and you just realize that nobody down here knows a good news story if it came down to the ass.
Certainly the ass.
Yeah, I get into the gay thing.
Yeah, I'm okay.
Great. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Right.
Oh, God.
How sad.
How very, very, very, very sad.
Yeah, I realize this is something they can't discuss.
Never have been able to.
Never will be.
And very, very squirmy and uncomfortable with it.
And wouldn't it be a lot better if Uncle Neil were straight?
You know?
No, I don't think so.
They're just, they start squirming when I bring up something like this.
But, you know, it's not my comments.
These are in a very well researched book.
And the comments quoted by people really know their craft.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Yes.
How are you doing?
Okay.
I don't know if you have noticed that.
You know, the people who don't like you, the other one who's into your show.
Uh-huh.
More than the people.
That's why the ratings are so miraculous because if the people who don't like it
would actually write it down, it's they never would.
We'd have 50% higher ratings on this show.
That's why it's a freaking miracle that I get the numbers that I do.
Yeah.
Because the other day the short drive is stopped by the mega-delivery at Mappley.
And he was telling me what kind of person you are and your this, your dead.
Yeah.
And at the same time, you stay in all the five minutes or the same deal.
Uh-huh.
I guess you didn't have it.
I guess you didn't have a radio in this car.
And, um, I just, that's all I got in there.
Okay, man.
Okay.
One call left in the morning.
I'm playing Backstreet Boys for about three hours and ten minutes today.
No sense in fighting this.
And by the way, it's very interesting speaking of the panther lightning game tonight.
I mentioned, I asked yesterday, okay, yesterday was a holiday.
It was a due holiday.
Although I still don't count that as much of an excuse.
I was here working.
And so was most of everybody else that the men, anything.
But the fact is we had all those people call up left and right on Friday when I was given the tickets away to the game.
The Bruins Panther exhibition game, including the guy by the way that didn't even bother picking up the hundred and sixty dollar tickets in the very first row.
And I'm begging yesterday, how about something we had one guy that had the decency to call and say thanks for the tickets and we had a good time.
And it was fairly entertaining and had some, some, uh, whatever trivial comment about the game or anything, something.
They don't even have the decency to do that.
They're like foaming at the mouth. They're like begging and they're like dehumanizing themselves for anything for free.
But once they got it, that's the end of that.
Here's Sunrise. Hello.
Yeah, I know.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I do. I don't know if you've seen.
There was something on the news yesterday about the Monroe County Sheriff's Department receiving a check for 25 million dollars for their efforts in a drug sting or something.
And what are they going to do with this money?
Why don't they think about it?
Yeah, there was something on the news that sort about it.
I mean, 25 million dollars.
25 million dollars.
They're really big and ambiguous.
There was something you saw on the news and it was $25 million for what?
They were involved in some kind of a country-wide drug program.
Yeah.
And I guess for their efforts, they were awarded $25 million.
Yeah, the check they were showing TV.
Right who?
I guess either the drug enforcement people.
Yeah, the drug enforcement place.
I guess that's what it was.
And I just was curious if you heard anything about that.
No.
560, 7.0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line, Helendale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, look at that public.
Let's go to a mobile in the Hialeah.
Hello.
Mobile in Hialeah.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
Hi.
This morning's in the news.
Channel 7.
They were saying it is storming.
There is a tornado watchers.
I don't recommend everybody to go in the bathroom and hide in the bathroom.
Oh, okay.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Good morning, Uncle Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
I wanted to thank you for the ticket.
Oh, here she is now.
And I embarrassed her out of the closet.
Here's one of the clothes.
We are just Indian Jew bitch.
I'm a lady.
Thank you.
Why is it necessary for me to have to browbeat people to call and say,
thanks, and we had a good time or the game is stunk or anything, just a response.
You know, once you got the free stuff, that's the end of the input on the show.
I was just sitting here dying here this morning again for the eight million time lately.
I was trying to work here.
Yeah.
But what does that mean?
Once you're trying to work, I was giving the ticket to you.
No.
Oh, I see.
And you have to see everybody is working today.
And yesterday, I didn't go to school.
Uh-huh.
I didn't fast.
Then how come you didn't call me yesterday?
Because I was out.
Uh-huh.
And uh.
I'm sure glad that when you want something for free, that's your, uh, you have a lot of time on your hands.
Uh-huh.
Well, I wanted to thank you.
Good.
How was the game?
It sucked.
Oh.
And the only one that showed any kind of emotion was Ray Whitney.
Uh-huh.
And that's about it.
Okay.
Thank you.
Glad you had a great time.
Bye.
It sucked.
Well, it's an exhibition game.
It's not going to be any good.
Very important though, that they get a winner to wonder their belt of panthers according to this article.
It's idiotic article by Michael Russo again this morning, in which we, uh,
put up a big bulletin about Pavel Burry, where real nervous.
We might have to put the big sparts or Peter will roll out through the shadow of Pavel every time he's on the ice.
If he ever plays in the airs of his season, because God forbid anybody should touch him.
It's very important that everybody take a step up now says Rob Neetermire.
We only have four games left.
So now's the time for us to get regular season level on timing, panthers, everybody being in the right position says Rob Neetermire.
Always being quoted by Michael Russo and David J. Schwoll in the newspapers, even though he's been saying the same thing.
Always time for us to step up.
Does he ever step up?
No.
No.
Sorry Robby, but that's just the way it is.
Stop making quotes in the newspapers.
You're making a fool of yourself sweetheart.
It's silly.
It's just downright silly.
How's Nikki doing, by the way?
Here's a mobile and curl spring.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil, how you doing today?
Okay, sir.
I got a question for you.
I live in the, uh, curl springs area, but, um, I'm not 25 now.
And yesterday on the holiday, I'm Jewish as well.
And I just can't understand.
I went to the courthouse in plantation, the one on the Pine Island, probably a little ways up and where you live there.
And they happened to be closed on the Jewish holiday.
Now, since when do colored folk with gold teeth at the ticket window when you pay your traffic ticket or Jewish?
And they deserve the holiday off.
I can understand that.
We had a lot of glam.
We had a lot of glam took today off here yesterday too.
Yeah, I mean, the whole thing was closed down, but they've never closed a school or anything for Jewish holidays in the past when I was growing up in nice school and middle school.
And I go to pay a citation that these linkers give me in plantation and, uh, they're closed on the holiday.
I just couldn't understand if that was something that's going to happen on every Jewish holiday now or just, uh, young kids.
Yeah, Tisha Bob, uh, Sukus, Ella, Holley.
Okay.
I'm not a joke.
Thank you.
Okay.
So don't do it again.
I guess is my best advice.
All you Jews out there don't get any tickets because every next time you go to a pay your ticket, they'll be closed down for some Jew holiday.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Excuse me for reading that stuff, by the way.
No, seriously, there will be no response to that.
The one phony response that we had the guy who made up a story about the Cubs.
That was it.
Very, very weak.
But, but fully anticipated on my part, by the way, because it's always been the same.
I'd be embarrassed too to be talking about all the crap that these people do.
And of course you do realize that especially the higher institutions of learning like MIT, where the kid that died with it,
that we had the feature on a few months ago, all of the stuff that the fraternities are, the higher the level, the more, uh, a faggy that it gets.
All the crap that goes on these fraternities, all the hazing rituals, the initiations, and all these grotesque things that they forthen to go through.
And like I said before, why?
Why is a heterosexual man interested in seeing his friends naked, in making his friend get naked and getting down on all fours and getting drunk and submitting himself all sorts of sexual hanky,
and gropeing and grabbing, etc. and so on.
Why do you want to see that?
Unless it's somehow stimulating and erotic to you.
I don't get it.
But nobody will try to explain to us because they can't.
Here's a mobile in the Pompato Beach. Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Uh, that's the problem.
I always thought like I wasn't a sir.
And so then I went, uh, I considered myself a transsexual and we go out and, you know, to give it a restaurant in Wilton,
where it's mostly gay, clientele, and they won't serve it.
I just wonder what you thought about that.
What, what, what, what does that have to do with what I just got you saying?
Well, nothing really with more.
Okay, thank you.
Go to a place where we're, uh, freaks hang out, okay?
I mean, we're transsexuals hang out.
Man, oh, man, oh, man, oh, man.
They just can't do it, you know, they can't do it.
They don't have it in them, so to speak.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Stop talking about these things.
Will you please, you're making us very, very uncomfortable when you talk about.
That's right.
We feel real squirmy and nervous and psychotic and start going and looking in the mirror
and grabbing ourselves and they're getting real insecure about it.
So stop.
God damn it.
And so what if there are a bunch of guys that want to take showers together in a very enclosed narrow space
and slap each other on the ass with the towels?
What about it?
Like the kid at the, uh, the Citadel says, well, we feel like, you know, whatever he said, we feel it.
Alright.
Now will you do it again?
I have a good bottle of water.
I will.
I will break it to spare and get them some dried tomatoes.
I've swabbard over one of these and my job today is to wake her up and get some produce.
I will never, ever, think of what there is one thing I will not do.
I will not switch the bagels.
Now we don't know anyone's eyes, you know.
No.
Now we won't be never, well, you'll never switch the bagels.
Practical, see, then, sweet, sweet, don't turn red, water, melons.
Don't grab me my junk, I have to crush it all else that you're selling.
I'll suck in nibble, channel, or think, lapis, gangy, shrivels.
But I'll never ever, ever know I'll never, ever, switch that bagels.
Now we won't, well, you'll never, ever, you'll never, ever, switch the bagels.
Hot fingers quake, then lick the brush, the sweaty head, the liddance.
I've done about everything with fruits and have a veggie fish.
I've swallowed nannas so big, so big they shared in kittles.
And even though I love these things, I will not switch the bagels.
Now we won't, now we won't, never, ever, you'll never, never, switch the bagels.
Now we won't, now we won't, never, ever, you'll never, ever, you'll never, ever, you'll never, ever, switch the bagels.
No, no, two or five, six, you've got to be giving a tank over to it too.
And it looks like, I don't know, it looks like we may have some baseball today or not as a case maybe.
Is it still raining out there? Do we know? Do we have any, uh, no.
Anyway, the Marlins in Montreal X-Boys, boy, the Toilet Bowl, the double header supposed to start at 3.30.
And the Panther Lightning Exhibition Games, seven o'clock on Waxi, all depending on the weather, all of these things.
Here's a mobile in Miami, hello.
Neil, yes sir.
Hey good morning.
Hey, actually I like this topic. Let me give you some background information.
I played sports in middle school. I went to a residential high school and college where I lived on campus.
And, um, when you, you know, with sports, you know, of course even middle schoolers are in there grabbing each other in high school.
We had communal showers and in college we had three people to a room, six of us shared a bathroom.
And allegedly we were supposed to, well I allegedly had a girlfriend.
And, you know, uh, what does that mean? You allegedly had a girlfriend. What does that mean?
Well, I guess I said I'm, you know, I hang out at whatever now.
But the thing is, is that in high school, you know, if you call this quote unquote a straight clop,
when we were, you know, people would go trotting into the shower, trotting into the bathroom at max with a towel.
And this is supposed to be a real macho masculine stuff and people whipping towels and, you know, and, uh, you know, shooting each other with water under the shower.
That's supposed to be real macho.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
Five six, I would say light enough, but I think you already has five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in bouquet. Hello.
Yeah, how you doing? I'm doing okay.
Well, you know, first of all, I'm not talking to you.
Audience a little bit of help, but I'm doing okay.
Yeah, that last call, it looked like it needed a lot of help.
But I wanted to talk to you a little bit about this fraternity business that you mentioned.
And I mentioned anything. I just wanted to ask if you have any best friends and how long have you had those best friends for?
Well, what does that mean?
Well, it means what does that have to do with this?
It has to do with everybody best friends.
Okay. It has to do with the fraternity and not necessarily taking showers or all the other hazing and whatnot that goes on.
But it has to do with hanging out with a bunch of guys.
I have two, I have two best friends. One is straight, one is gay.
I've never had sex with either one of them. I've never seen either one of them naked.
Nor have any desire to do either one of the above.
Okay. Interfaternities.
Don't take showers with them. Don't snap towels at them.
All right. Interfaternity now. We don't socialize by fucking showers together.
If a guy takes a shower and the other guy's got to go to class, he goes in the shower as well.
It's not a question of socializing in the shower.
Well, I'm not talking about socializing in the shower fraternities.
We're talking about hazing and initiations of fraternity and group sex.
I'll tell you about hazing and initiation.
When you're in the age of adolescence, 18, 19, and you're trying to find yourself in college,
whatever it may college may be, fraternities lend itself to putting a bunch of guys that are like you.
What I see like you, I mean they like the same nature as they play the same sports.
They're a group of guys together that automatically for some reason I can't explain why become your good friends for life.
Now, when you have a good friend, like I mentioned to you, when you have a best friend or someone who's a good friend of yours,
you share experiences with them and part of becoming a better friend.
You mean sexual experiences? No. Well, it could be. It could be two guys on a girl.
It could be two girls on two guys. It could be, you know, in the bathroom, four guys taking showers with four girls.
You experience sexual or not sexual if you're relevant. No, no, it's not. It's not irrelevant at all.
Of course it is. No, it is not. When you're in the fraternity, your goals are to make friends.
Because you have a best friend or a bunch of good friends doesn't mean a that you take showers with them
because you're going to be friends for a long time. And B certainly doesn't mean that you share sexual experiences with them.
Or you can ask them to share a group of sex with them. You know, some of the households, I belong to a health club.
And in the health club that I belong to is a completely heterosexual health club.
Yeah. But the shower is a shower with six stalls on it.
Now, do you think that I'd become part of that health club so that I can work out with guys and then go take showers?
I have no idea. You can answer that question.
But that's not what I'm doing. I will tell you this. There are plenty of guys who do, but that's beside the point.
That's beside the point. Me, personally, I do not.
That's a bastion of homosexual activity, even health clubs.
I do not go and join the fraternity.
Don't you believe you? Don't sound offensive. We believe you.
The point of a fraternity and communal showers and group sex and whatnot is not a question of a group sex.
What is the point of a fraternity and hazing and the point of becoming close to another thing?
What is the point of making another? What is the point of making a young kid get naked? What is the point of making a young kid get naked?
I'll tell you exactly what it is.
I'll give you a graceful word and a graceful word.
When you belong to a fraternity, and I'll say it again, you belong to a bunch of guys that are going to be your friends for life.
Why did that require you to make it for you?
Let me finish. Part of the experience of having a best friend, whether it may be a best friend that you play soccer with,
or whether it may be a best friend that you are drinking with, if you share intimate moments, not intimate moments?
That's not sexual. When I think intimate, I don't mean sexual. I mean intimate in the sense that you will not share that kind of experience with anybody else who is not your friend.
For example, I don't have something that this sounds so faggy to me that even I'm embarrassed for you, sir.
You want to know what it sounds very faggy to me.
Running through the beach naked with a bunch of guys, you're never going to share experience with anybody else.
Not even your wife or your kids or any other friends that you need your friends.
Why would you run? Why would you run?
You're not going to run into the beach naked with a bunch of guys. Why do you want to do that?
Hold on. Hazing is not a question of you wanting. You don't have a choice.
Right. Right. And why do you want to force these kids to be naked?
Why do they always have to take their clothes off?
My closet friend.
That hang out of the showers at the gym. Why don't you tell me the real story here, pal?
I don't every day experience. People do not have an opportunity to walk around naked, nor do they make it appear.
Stop, stop, stop. Stop with my toes green. Stop with a theme and a theme bath.
Okay. Let's get back to the meat of the matter. Tell me why you want to see make these guys get naked.
What is that all about?
It's a matter of respect.
It's a matter of respect.
Respect for us. No, it's a matter of lack of respect for them by you.
No.
It's a matter of lack of respect. If I respect somebody, I'm not going to force them to degrade themselves and embarrass and humiliate themselves.
It's a matter of my club.
If you're going to be part of a particular group of friends and guys, who says that I'm not going to take this?
I want to take this. I want to take this. Okay. Without any more discussion, it's very simple. A child could tell you if somebody demands that I get naked in order to be their friend, I'll pass.
Okay. There's a good message for all your kids out there. If any other male, okay.
Your age, older, whatever, if they demand that you take your clothes off and engage in some kind of naked, hanky, panky in order to be a part of their club, in order to be your buddy, in order to be their pal, run like a bandit, run like a son of a bitch.
That's the best call I've ever had in my life. You see, it took a lot of work. It took a lot of stick to it.
Of this to finally draw it out.
Sir, congratulations on your coming out.
God almighty, that was beautiful.
I'm just emotional. I'm just swept away by that call. Let's go home. Don't ever lose that.
Save that. Put it in the goddamn time capsule.
If you're going to be with these guys, they're going to be your best buddies for life. There's nothing like running naked on the beach. Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
I think, you know what? I think that rich and I are going to run naked around the track tomorrow before we see the races. You know, he's a good friend of mine for years. Can you, can you see that? Can you envision that?
Oh, stop. Oh, speaking of that, Pompato Park is doing it, baby.
That's right. We got live racing Wednesday Friday and Saturday at 7.30, including tomorrow night. In fact, maybe you want to come out and watch the near-arrogous fat rich naked race tomorrow night.
For the glory holes.
Oh, this is mob doll. You know, a few years ago, I had prostate surgery. Initially, I was worried simply about recovering.
And I began to worry about the post-operative side effects like erectile dysfunction, EED, sometimes known as impotence. Also referred to as whiskey weiner, leg of when soft serve down periscope, wildly, wily, flaccid, flagpole, head and south spaghetti syndrome, limp, biscuit, you know, ding dong, the witches dead.
But there is help. You need to see it. Actor with a little courage and proper treatment. He can help you achieve an erection, sometimes known as a boner. Often referred to as a stiffie, hard time, pocket rocket, granite gum drop, concrete, crawler, roller quarters, a choppy, kitchen, a tatter, being harder than Chinese algebra.
And when you do get help, there's no reason to be ashamed because there's now hope for men and their partners. Oh, that they'll soon be able to have intercourse. Sometimes known as sex, often referred to as the hunky bands, bumping ugly, hiding the phalami, splitting the uprights, the tube steak, buggy, getting some on you, matching match, you know, taking a trip to the mound.
So remember, it's a little embarrassing to talk about, but with a little courage and a few creative you from his, you too can leave behind the soft rock, get yourself some hard salami, ride the baloney pony into a bright new future. I'm Bob doll. Thank you.
1116 at 560 WQM. Let me read again that one paragraph for this last closet case that just called talking about gang rape group sex, whatever you want to call it for turn these teams.
It's a this section be mistaken for heterosexual sex instead the group masturbation for sports teams that's accommodated through the presence of a female body that is really a homosexual act.
The reason for this is that the emotional relationship exists between the men, not between the men and the woman and her body services their need to perform for each other. Her presence allows them to come as close as they can to an intimate relationship with each other while with the same time presenting visible proof of their masculinity.
Just before of course they go out and run naked on the beach.
Without the woman. That was just I'm going to I'm still so swept away by that call. It was just phenomenal.
Sure, if we had a thousand dollars in cash is a prize to send you, I would put it in the mail right now.
5 6705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's poppin. Oh, hello.
Hello. Yes, sir.
I'll speak to me, sir. Okay, that's the end of that. You lost it. Here's poppin. Oh, hello.
I don't know what that was. I don't either. Listen, I got two quick things to say maybe you had to maybe you had to go run on the beach.
Well, look, getting back to fraternities for a second. I went to a small school in Connecticut. There were three fraternities.
My freshman year I didn't know anybody I figured I'm going to join a fraternity and I realized that they were all run by and populated by idiots.
Guys that had a need to be with other guys to joke around and think that they were cooler than other people.
And that immediately turned me off. And by the time I stopped more year old around I was already connected with like the school radio station and things like that.
Well, all of a sudden I was of value to these people. Then they all wanted me to join a fraternity and I said no thanks. I've got my own friends.
You know, fraternities maybe had a big school like a Purdue or something like that. Maybe they've got a purpose.
The honorary society. I don't think so because this guy says you know you find people with the same interest. Well, that's how you find friends in life.
The larger the university like I went to Michigan State got like 45,000, 50,000 students. If you're going to make friends you're going to find people in the dorm wherever you hang out.
You're going to find people that have the same interest. Just like you do in life. You don't have to join some kind of a club to do that.
You're right. No, you're absolutely right. You don't have to take showers with them or run naked on the beach to make friends that have similar.
I'm a renter. I'm lost, you know, those are the interests. I will say some of the frat parties I did go to did break a few was they were fun. But you know, I don't know. Maybe it's different.
A woman's viewpoint on a sorority as it is for guys with a fraternity. I don't need them. You know, anybody needs to be in a fraternity. Well, they need more than that.
I never heard any stories though about you know speaking of a group sex by women. I never heard any sort of sororities stories about women and ganging up on one guy and having group sex and gang banging some guy.
Well, you didn't go to school. Can I get in the 70s? Okay. All right. Now here's the other thing. I am going to be doing some traveling. Have you ever been to Australia? No. No. I know you said you've been to Hawaii. I know you've been to Hawaii a few times. I know you said Australia.
Well, in October, I'm going to do Australia for about a month. I'm looking forward to it. I just didn't know. I know you've been around the block a few times. I just didn't know that. But give us a spy report.
Oh, I definitely will. I just want one person to do spag already and buster you both do spag. Okay. I'm going to.
I'm going to. Okay. Don't come back and tell us it's too good though because then that one guy the emotional cripple that called the first call out of the box today and send me the hey, letter yesterday. I'll screw you. Nails. Who are you? And he'll be all upset again. If you tell me it's good someplace else.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 all we're saying is stop lying to yourself. That's all. If you want to screw around the our guests and of course as far as the the incoming the the rookies, the whatever the hell the bitches, whatever you want to call that's not all right.
Abusing other people. That's not okay. That's not acceptable. Screwing up their minds.
Which is what this whole book is about that I was talking about which I don't know if it's in the bookstores here crossing the line by Laura Robinson.
Probably only in the Canadian bookstores because it's mainly a hockey thing, but it's a great book paperback.
Here's the mobile pick report in Tamarack. Hello. I know how are you? Okay, sir. I just saw three of Ken Jenny's favorite sons on university drive just north of commercial.
Okay, and they were in a circle. I don't know what they were doing, but they were planning something. Okay, I'd such a like to know. Thanks for the good. It was probably a planning for the doughnuts in noon.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Thanks for taking the call. Thanks for making your call, sir.
Listen, I suspect that went to a school in Alabama that played baseball. All these jobs wouldn't be getting a fraternity and pay for friends. They got to be crazy. I'm a well-rounded enough person that I don't need to pay somebody.
That's a very good way to describe it. Paying for friends. It's crazy. Why would I want to pay somebody? I don't need that. Also, I didn't have a question. Have you ever been to the Netherlands until?
The Netherlands and Tilly's no. Yeah, okay. Well, I'm going to go there. Well, I don't know. I just I'm going to Kuro style and I like to know if it's worth going there. No.
Okay, maybe somebody will maybe somebody will call who's been there, but based on the people from the Netherlands and Tilly's that I see in the Netherlands proper and Amsterdam, I would say no, but again, maybe somebody will call.
Okay, well, anyway, that guy that talked about the fraternities and what so I don't even want to see my brother nickbed in the bathroom much like somebody else. Thanks for everything you do for us.
Okay, thank you.
Appreciate it.
Yeah, all new kids out there. We got any kids skip in school today because it rained or for whatever reason. Anybody that says, hey, let's go run, they could on the beach. Just to run in the other direction as fast as can be and call for the cops.
Oh, man, oh, running. I mean, I have, you know, it's all those history books. We read about the ancient Greeks. You know, the Spartans, not necessarily from Michigan State, not those Spartans, but they might have been and the Romans, you know, that's what this guy is talking about, talking about a gay club, talking about and then fine.
I'm certainly the last one to condemn that, but don't lie about it. Don't pretend that it doesn't exist.
Oh, what a wonderful thing to run naked on the beach with your close buddies will be your friends on your, it sounds like that thing from the cadet at the, at the Citadel, the same thing that I read about taking a shower together and feeling safe and bonding and all of that crap.
How does taking a shower with somebody naked make you feel safe?
Unless they're the ones holding the soap, I guess.
Unless it's got a long rope, or is that a short rope? Here's Miramar. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, sir.
I just made a, you, you're last week, what about the last week you were talking about how much of a garbage movie raging bull was? Yes.
And the other night I sat down and I couldn't even get past the first 45 seconds of the movie. You mean that opening up?
I'm sure good to what you told me. I haven't seen it before.
I tried a dozen times to get by that first because I actually have the tape at home because everybody raised about how great it was.
Oh, I don't got the video. I've had it for years. I never watched it. And I only watched it because I couldn't sleep that one. I didn't answer them. It was on the BDC or something and it was a tragedy.
Wait a second, half hours. If you've seen Casino, then you've seen Goodfellas. If you've seen Goodfellas, then you've seen a Bronx Tale.
Oh, I mean, every last one of those movies, it's the same. Joe Pesci does the same trigger happy cowboy.
And that's why I, but you're right. I totally lost all respect for him because he was playing the same damn role.
I mean, he was very funny and good fellows if you never saw all the other ones you mentioned. But when I see a guy who's a one trick pony, I mean, it gets a real fast.
But listen, did you see your Jackie Brown? No. But that's one. That's the first time I've ever seen Denero not doing Denero. Yeah, he played a part head in that movie.
And I'm out of material. Okay, thanks. So there's another guy who hated raging bull. Let's hear about Kurosau. Okay, let's hear about the Netherlands and Tilly. Show me.
No, I don't think that guy out of go. I think you're going to hate it almost as much as Jack Lemon hated you with Slavvy and Mans appeal.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line. We want to thank that caller a couple of calls back. He knows which one it is.
The guy that's running naked on the beach with his buddies from his fraternity arm and arm hand and hand. Solidarity brother.
He's a mobile in the poor neighborhood. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Thanks for taking my call. Yes, sir. On behalf of my son and I thank you for the tickets.
We enjoyed the game and had a good time. It was okay. Well, the fight on the first meal was good.
Uh huh. Other than that, he was kind of dull because he lost kind of dull. Okay. Well, so I'm glad he had a good time anyway.
Thank you so much. Thanks for making your call. Thanks for carrying out to send you very best and say thank you.
Not just being a free load or something like some of these other perks, including the guy that never picked up his tickets from the front row. That's that's outrageous.
Can you imagine how many people are really fired up and pissed off about that? Even people that would have just scouted tickets. I mean, how stupid can you be?
How dumb can you be? There's 320 dollars worth of tickets. Okay. So it's just an exhibition. So even if you sold them for like 20 bucks a piece.
It covers the cost of gas. It yet. But far be it for us to complain about free loaders and don't pick up their crap.
26 after 11 at 560 WQM. He's probably running around naked on the beach. Now what the guy that just called us. Maybe that's what they're doing. Couldn't go to the game.
No, seriously, there's nothing you have no idea what it's like. You need to lie. Need to do why I can't even begin to imagine running around naked stark naked on the beach with all my buddies.
Can't you just see me fat rich and Al Goldstein running up and down at the poppin and Rimmer? Yeah, Rimmer get him in there too.
All running around all the old Jews running around naked on the beach up there right by where Al's got the finger on the intercoastal. Yeah.
Oh God, I'm gagging. Just thinking about it.
Sir, that was the faggiest call I have ever had in my life.
26 after 11 at 560 WQM. How do 65 grand a year salary sound to you? Well, I think I said yesterday on too great to me, but it probably sounds good to a lot of you.
Have some young men. If the dead truly walk among us and if so, do they too have bodily functions this Friday?
One young boy is about to find out. He has a six sense. You know, I'm here in the elevator and someone rips once, but no one fits to it. That's them.
The six sense make it stop. It's three to three. Read it for you. It's 1131 at 560 WQM. So I'd wait this the guy called back again thinking I was going to put him on here again. No, one quality.
Okay, once a king one or once a queen always there, whatever it is, but once a day is enough. I'm going to put him back on here so we can dig the whole little bit deeper.
Let's give him a bigger shovel and see if he can find China.
560.560 on the AT&T line about 20 or 30 people departed during the break as usually is the case. Win a new $30,000 Dodge Ram pickup truck by registering at any shop floor to sell gas station or Dodge dealer or see it today.
After shell gas station on Killing Drive in 109th Avenue or spitzer Dodge in homestead between one and three this afternoon to register and get a chance to win a pair of infinity bookshelf speakers or a harm and heart on pack, which includes a receiver and infinity speakers plus Miami dolphins in Florida, Marlon tickets, other given away too.
I think you wrote that one out too well. Sam, it don't make too much sense to me, but I read it anyway. And he says don't ever go to Kurosawa. Sam, the man just said, do not go there. It's a toilet. It's the end of the world. It's garbage.
560.560. And by the way, we're learning a lot about fraternities. All you young people out there are thinking of going off to college maybe very soon.
Definitely doing a fraternity because so far the two thing. Remember the call we had a few months ago. The guy who said he learned how to build a float.
Remember that guy.
Trying to dress your life in a fraternity. No, we learned how to build a float, which came in very handy and like very practical stuff.
If you're going to be one of those professional parade designers, I guess, learn how to build a float. And now we got a guy who tells this that you can run naked on the beach with all your buddies. What the more could you want?
Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello.
And you know what I heard about running naked my penis.
Okay, great. Here's a mobile in Delray Beach. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Guy.
Yes, sir.
What's up, Neil? Are you doing home slice?
Yeah.
I am getting out of the state. I'm driving north on the turnpike right now.
Uh-huh. I'm not in Delray anymore. I'm West Palm.
Here's a mobile in West Palm.
Thank you.
Hey, I want to respond about that fraternity stuff.
Yes, sir.
That guy was the biggest fairy, the biggest foie, I've ever heard.
Right.
I was in a fraternity like that.
I was in a fraternity week to be in James.
I was in a fraternity. We didn't have to do anything like that.
If anybody that's me to get naked or doing things run out of beach naked, I would have been out of it.
Well, what kind of hazing did you go through with your initiation? It must have been something.
No, we didn't have the toughest thing I had to do with playing tackle football in a football game.
Really?
Yeah, that was about it. I mean, we just had to party.
How unusual.
We just had to have fun. Right.
You can smile on our face.
You didn't have to build a float.
No.
No.
Sounds to me like you missed out on all the good times.
Yeah, I can have a good trip.
Thanks.
See ya.
560-705-60.
Come on. Let's hear from all you people that have been fraternities.
Come on.
You can make as much of an ass of yourself as that guy did about 20 minutes ago.
Give it a shot.
Anybody out there got mail any guy in this audience got mail best friends that you've never seen naked.
I guess Georgia and I must be the only ones.
Never saw our best friends naked.
Never ran naked on the beach with our best friends.
I mean, God almighty.
What what a feeling that must be.
That must be really exhilarating.
You know, with the wind and the rain.
What was that Pat Boonsong?
The wind and the rain in your record?
Something like that.
Yeah.
The finesse the breeze just kind of blowing between your knees or something flowing between your knees.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Hi.
Long time first time.
All right.
Great show.
That guy was like the best example of rationalization I ever heard.
Yeah.
You know.
So that was unbelievable.
Neil.
Yes sir.
You know, it was great yesterday when you were talking to the mad dogs.
That was like the best part of the program.
The first five minutes.
Uh huh.
When you were with them.
I was really impressed with what a great studio they got in there for the sports nerds.
That's the thing.
That's everything I actually sat down at that table.
Made me realize what a nickel and dime piece of crap we got in here.
We got really shabby.
No, we did.
We got the shaft.
I wasn't even aware that you had different places in that room.
Oh yeah.
Well they're the important guys.
See, they're the sports nerds.
Okay.
So they got the big, big studio in there with a nice real nice counter and table and all the real microphones all the way around.
Like a professional talk studio.
Yeah, like a professional one.
Right.
Like the real thing.
We got crap.
Yeah.
You know, it would be nice if for the worst team if you would show their two and maybe they can have some ratings.
Okay, have a great day pal.
Whatever you said.
I think he said don't go to career showers.
That what he said I believe.
Uh huh.
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line.
Four thousand reasons to join a fraternity.
How to build a float.
How to run naked with your buddies on the beach.
How to gang bang some bitch.
How to, uh, you know, don't forget the spankings.
How to yeah, have all those spankings of the young bitches you bring in all those young guys, the recruits.
And of course, how to be as late as possible.
Here's Coral Springs.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I wanted to tell you I picked up those tickets.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Not picking up the tickets on the on the glass.
We're two hundred and twelve dollars.
Yeah, I got them.
Well, which are the ones that we didn't get that didn't get.
I don't know.
Because we're not this guy.
The reason I didn't call the thank you.
Remember I'm the guy with the gun and all that kind of crap.
The guy with the gun.
Yeah, where the contact with my 15 year old son.
This we're going to call today.
I told you the end of all right contact.
All right, right.
Right.
And you gave me the tickets on the glass.
Maybe there was another pair of some jackass didn't pick up.
No, no, no, no.
The kids loved it.
But the reason I didn't call to thank you was because they wanted to write.
They're writing you a letter to thank you.
Outstanding.
But they had to throw it away.
In fact, the younger one was a little afraid because when it came up and it would hit or check on the glass.
And they must have known that my oldest son said they must have known it.
That they could tell they were novice against the glass.
Because a couple of guys were buying the sticks in front of them like at the face.
But no, they loved it.
They had a great time.
We went to the labombas and ate while they were in there.
And then we picked them up afterwards.
They had a great time.
Great.
Glad to hear it pal.
All right.
Thanks.
Thanks, Neil.
Thank you.
Okay.
560, 705, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T line.
Come on.
Let's hear from some of the women out there who have been in sororities.
Let's hear about all the gang bangs with a woman gang up on the guys.
Does that happen?
No.
Come on.
Let's hear it.
I wonder if the women have to get naked to do.
Think the women have to do strange initiation things in sororities?
How come we ever read about that?
22 before noon at 560 WQA.
You know, on the next Felicity.
After her boyfriend's drug deal goes bad, Felicity is arrested and convicted as a drug
deal and sentenced to three years.
She worries that she will not be able to transfer her prison credit back to her high school
upon her release.
Watch Felicity in the big house tonight.
17 to noon at 560 WQA.
560, 705, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
We have running naked on a beach, taking hot, steamy showers together, learning to build
a float, getting naked a lot and gang bangs.
There you go.
How do you like that?
Oh!
And of course getting drunk a lot.
In fact, maybe getting a little bit too drunk like we get at MIT that is in a box now.
Here's a mobile and bokeh.
Hello.
Yeah, how you doing?
I'm kind of a... I'm setting you about putting us for 30 members down.
I was in college for five years.
The best years of my life.
I remember a great time in my attorney.
Now we didn't run around no naked on the beach.
We didn't slap each other with our private parts.
We didn't have gang bangs.
We had a good time.
Yeah.
Part of my roommate night, he decided not to go on a attorney.
I went on a attorney.
He, most of the time, went out to local parties.
Didn't have a good time.
Me.
I was every other day we had a party at the attorney.
We had lots of girls.
I was able to get a girlfriend.
And we...
Everybody has fun.
Where did you go to school?
I went to university in Miami.
University in Miami.
And the only way you could get a girlfriend was to be in a fraternity.
No, that's absolutely not.
I could have gone out to South Beach.
I could have gone out to clubs.
But the point of the matter I'm trying to make is that it's a party.
It's not a bunch of gay guys running around slapping each other with their private parts.
Yeah, we had a shower where three guys took showers at the same time.
But that's just part of the fraternity house.
Another part of the party house.
What about the initiation?
How far...
I'll talk to you about that.
I was in a 35 years.
And Hazing was one day.
One day of initiation and Hazing out of five years.
And what did you do?
I think anybody who wants to just become part of an organization, yeah, you've got to go through a few things.
Like what?
That's not important.
No, no, no.
Wait a minute.
You're doing just great here.
You're rolling along singing a song.
And you're saying it's only one day.
One day, one day, one day, one day, one day.
One day, one day, one day, one day.
One day, one day, one day, one day.
One day, one day, one day, one day.
The other day, one day, one day, one day.
On the initiation night, every fraternity...
Now my fraternity, you know, unlike others, have different initiation procedures.
I'm not asking about your fraternity, what did you have?
My fraternity, let me start...
I'll tell you the exact matter.
Some of them have memorized in my head from A to Z.
You know up in the evening.
We have a nice date dinner that the house cooked for us.
After dinner, we all get together the brothers that are pledging get together,
and we have some drinks. It's a Friday night so we're going to school and class is tomorrow.
Right, yeah, we did drunk. I'm not going to lie to you. We didn't get drunk. We drank lots of alcohol.
I would say that we didn't drink alcohol to the point that we would kill ourselves, but we had we got drunk.
Yeah, but that's not the point. After drinking that night during the evening, we drove around with our big brothers.
We had four or five guys in the car driving around with someone who was sober. Our big brother was sober.
We went to different parts in South Florida and every place that we went to, we had a different activity.
We didn't get naked and run around, but we had a different activity whether it was taken to sign or whether it was, you know, run it through this building or what it was doing.
Nothing, nothing, nobody was getting naked. Then we get back to the house at around three, four o'clock in the morning.
And the house is dark with candles and we got to go to each and every room and we have to memorize some chins and some furs and some song.
It's an initiation that is fun and exciting and exhilarating experience. Nobody was running around on the beach naked.
I'm going to hear anybody say that hazing was fun or exhilarating or exciting.
Okay, first time at the moment.
It was exhilarating a lot today besides running around naked on the beach and how exciting it is.
I don't want that other thing. It was telling you, but we, nobody runs around naked on the beach, we end up at 30.
We have a good time. Now, sure, if you live in South Florida, you go to university, man.
Here, you sort of South Beach pick up girls and you can go to four large, they'll pick up girls.
Of course, you know, you can do it any place. You don't have to be the fraternity.
But the point about a fraternity and I want to tell anybody else's listening is that it's a social club that you can go along to without any...
Like the Masons, yeah.
No, without any strings attached. You can go to the fraternity house any time...
Well, doesn't the gay... Doesn't do you have to pay? Aren't there do you have to pay?
Well, at any club you belong, there are do's. I mean, you're not...
You're not paying for friends.
Not necessarily true. You're not paying for friends. You're paying to be part of this party.
How do they put together all their parties? How do they pay the house more than the cookers,
you know, staked in it and lunches every day? How do they pay for the mortgage on the fraternity house?
How do they get the, you know, the folders and the fears for the parties?
These come out of dues. They don't just come out of the city.
University is not going to pay for these kind of things.
So if you're going to belong to a club, whether it's a fraternity or whether it's a voice
count or whether it's a club that you work out and you've got to pay your dues because they
have expenses. You're not paying for friends. Everybody's paying the same amount as you are.
Nobody's paying more. Nobody's paying less.
And these guys, you know, they're my friends. They grew up. I know I met them from New York,
and from Long Island, and even to this day, seven years, eight years after I graduate,
I still have friends with two or three of these guys. Not because we ran a big deal.
Don't you think that there are people who go to college who don't belong to fraternities,
who seven and eight and 20 and 30 years later are still friends with the people,
some of the people they went to college with?
I wouldn't say, I would beg to differ that they have as many friends out of school that I have
for my fraternity. And the reason being is because for five years, I hung out with these
same friends. They and they are. We party together. We hooked up.
Well, how many, how many would you say? How many of all park number? How many?
I would say somebody going to a fraternity and graduating from a fraternity would probably have
maybe between five to ten good friends that he can count up for the rest of his life.
Whereas someone who just went to school, by the time he met somebody who would be a good friend,
it was probably his sophomore, junior year, it would only spend maybe two or two good years with
that person. And I would say less than five, maybe two. So for me, to go hang out right now in
Long Island with a couple of my 30 brothers, now they have families and now their families,
they have kids and we all have kids that we hang out together. We're not running around naked.
A fraternity is not a bad thing. You know, you're not hanging out on fire. I'm in Ireland, right?
You want to know something, not everybody belongs to a fraternity. My roommate, for example,
he wasn't a fraternity kind of guy. He didn't like to go around and party with other people.
Do you have any friends now? He's got one friend from college that he's very.
He would only have a fraternity than a 5 or 10.
You know what? He may not have had five or 10 because he wasn't a socialite.
Oh, I see. He didn't like it. He was like a kind of like a wallflower. He wouldn't have any friends
regardless. You know, every person is different. That's why college at University of Miami has
8,000 on the graduates and only has like maybe you know 800 fraternity members altogether
or thousands of fraternity members. Not everybody belongs to the family.
Not to make believe school anyway. We all know that.
Make believe school. I got a pretty good degree. I'm not talking about your degree.
I'm just saying to make believe school. As far as the campus, as far as the way that I can.
It's not a college campus. It's not like a Michigan or like a year or like that.
No, or Michigan State, right?
What I'm trying to make is that you don't go naked on the beach. I feel better now.
I just want to emphasize that sometimes that's why they have a rush system that people go for
two or three days at the beginning of the semester to see if the fraternity life is for them.
Right. And the guys who are freshman or sophomores who want to go out of 30, you know, give it a chance.
Yeah, you're going to drink alive. Yeah, you're going to get laid alive.
Yeah, you're going to party alive.
I'll put it in a caliber.
You want to know something I heard of. So all the fraternity members that did some of the teams
that you did. You know, that could be. But not every fraternity does like that.
Not every fraternity runs around, making each other with their penises over their heads.
Right. My fraternity for five years, I was the vice president of the fraternity.
I think they do that. Yeah, probably.
Okay, listen, have a great day pal.
Thanks.
How do all your friends if you have time?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
Well, I forgot to ask them if you learned how to build a float.
Here is Margay. Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
This is Ted.
Hi, Ted.
All right. I just want to tell you about a strange initiation that involved our
possible future president, George W Bush at Yale.
Yes, he got into some branding up there.
Brand.
Where? I've read about it.
Maybe that's why he went up in Texas.
They just, you know, he just said it was a step in tank.
So I was going to look forward to it.
Is that thing?
Yeah, fine.
They branded his thing?
Yeah, I don't know exactly.
I think the branding was on the headquarters.
But how do you like that?
We got a potential president who's got a who's got a thing on his record.
Well, it's a lovely thing and I love you now.
Okay, thanks a lot, Ted.
And have a great life.
Wow.
I guess we'll have to, of course, I think he's already shown in.
For example, after that last shooting and four words, you like the way he came on and
started talking in glittering generalities.
God forbid we talk about guns.
So he talks about evil about all this evil that square.
That was great.
At least one thing about George W.
He's consistent.
He don't give you any specifics on anything.
It's all these glittering generalities.
Nice going, George W.
Oh, take a powder, will you?
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hey, do.
Yes, sir.
I remember we used to make like a conga line every night.
We used to call it the little train.
We all get naked.
We grab the guy in front and we go around and
either with some contact in between that, there was no problem, you know.
We used to connect and stay connected and drink beer.
Well, I guess now I know what it means by being well connected, huh?
It's a little dream, remember.
We used to do that.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
There you go.
Congo, Congo, Congo, Congo.
That's right.
All your kids out there.
If you want to be well connected in life,
be sure and join that fraternity.
You'll get hooked up, hooked together.
And then you can go out and run naked on the beach.
But isn't that what the elephants do?
They like tie their trunks to their tails.
You've seen that.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
This was starting to get a good education here today.
Start out a little bit slow.
But that one jackass, I mean,
that one great color about a half an hour ago.
The one who will never be seen in public again, by the way.
If he's smart, he was great.
Sir, I commend you.
I congratulate you for your coming out.
It was tremendous.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
They've eaten marshmallow from strange places too.
You know, that's right.
Yeah.
As long as it ain't the clan, it's a good fraternity.
You know what I'm saying?
Uh-huh.
And...
Oh yeah, but you know, sometimes it won't get on though.
Especially when it sounds like you got 20 pounds of elephant droppings in your purse.
And maybe you do.
Here's Hi, Alia.
Hello.
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
You know, same thing.
My opinion is with the, uh, the hazing for the, um,
in the military, which is the Marines.
I think there are the only group balls
that would allow them.
So they get punched in the chest
with these, um, with those pins.
Uh-huh.
By everybody in their platoon or their company there.
And I think that's ridiculous.
See, I guess this is the barometer
of whether you're fit to join our club.
Is how, are you willing to take as much abuse and punishment
as we want to dish out on you?
Right.
You know, you can somehow survive.
Yeah.
All the punishment that we can dig out in our
sadistic way, then maybe we'll actually join the club.
Right. That's why, you know,
none of the other services have that problem.
You know, in my preference, I joined the army.
Yeah.
Screw the Marines.
You know, I thought I was the army.
At least those guys aren't out there on the ship.
You know, it's at sea.
A long time like the Marines in the Navy.
Sharing, sharing one head.
Have a good day.
I hear there's a lot of hit on those ships,
but anyway, that's just a rumor.
Oh no, there you go again.
Spreading those rumors, you're going to
about the military, about the US military.
We know all us veterans, all us BFW and all us guys.
We know that's just a bunch of propaganda.
And another that stuff goes on.
Don't go on.
Does not go on.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
You see, the tragic part of all of this is,
as long as no but now, of course,
in the case of the initiations and all that,
people are being coerced and they are being forced.
So that's a very bad example.
But as far as any of the other
consenting activity is concerned,
what their rinse is it make if people are having a good time.
If this is their idea of limited-second childhood,
or first one or whatever, nobody cares.
Just don't lie about it.
Hear yourself or anybody else.
And just don't always keep running around pointing the finger
like the goddamn cat-lick church
and everybody else for their factory
when you're participating in it too.
And maybe head up for your goddamn good time.
Sounds like it.
Especially assholes that run naked on the beach together.
This is 5, 60, 2A.
Drive through window, May.
I take your order.
Please.
Yeah, I'll take a double cheeseburger, no onions.
Would you like some French fries with that burger?
Yeah, and large coke.
Regular or diet.
Regular or diet.
Regular or diet.
Please.
Regular.
How much is that going to be?
You, you, I don't know.
Travel could we go please?
I didn't say that but you QA-M Imey Ford already.
I had 12 new ones.
Did I say that? I don't think I did.
No. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Hank Goldberg had two.
Marlins baseball, double-handed with the x-bois weather permitting.
How do you like that?
Oh, I can't be floater panther game exhibition game.
Seven o'clock tonight on Waxi,
unless the baseballs rained out.
If you got that so far.
No.
Here's Cooper City.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Good afternoon, Neil.
The Netherlands Antilles was down there in April.
In Bonair.
There's one reason to go down there.
Cooper Diving.
It's tremendous.
Scooba Diving?
Yeah.
Other than that, forget it.
They do have an airplane that comes from a 747 comes from Amsterdam every Sunday.
That's a big deal.
Yeah.
I wish they would stop taking a lot of those people back with them.
I don't want to tell you.
A lot of those Rasta guys, they're killing them over there.
Well, compared to the Bahamas, it's a night and day.
But the people there are actually very nice.
Yeah.
But if you don't think Cooper Diving.
I don't think that guy they're called before.
I don't think he's going to be Scooba Diving.
Maybe it's a motor kind of diving.
Right.
Okay, Neil.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
Thank you.
See you.
567, OK.
Just say two of the Netherlands Antilles, OK?
We have a Bonair and a Kurosau and all of those other glacier places.
Just say no pal.
Don't do it.
We try to save you.
Okay.
You'll be sorry.
Well, they do have a good drugs down there.
567, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
By the way, thank God we don't have any problems with the drugs and these rave parties.
You see that right on the front page in the Grove?
Yeah.
Thank God we don't have any crazy.
And you know something I don't care anymore.
If we got all these people who want to kill themselves and all these exotic drugs, go ahead.
Kill yourself.
I don't care.
Real, real sick and tired of that crap.
Now if somebody's forced to do it like in these initiation things, which according to these people don't happen,
then it's a different story.
Like the kid of MIT, who choked to death on his own pupe, by the way, well, they took them downstairs and put them down there to like, you know, rest.
And then went back upstairs to continue their party.
He says, call us when the party started.
567, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miami Beach. Hello.
Oh, I'm going to know how you doing.
Okay, sir.
Oh, first of all, I rented a fund that you mentioned, Raging Bowl.
I rented it.
No.
Because I had heard good news.
Why did I do that?
No, I didn't even get through really honestly.
I didn't get through the first 15 minutes.
It was horrible.
I don't know, very boring and very, I don't know.
The dialogue would be with no reason to have ever been made.
Other than I guess it made some money for, you know,
what I can't believe is how many people have talked about it.
Wasn't it nominated for like, oh, yeah, the pseudo intellectuals because it was black and white,
considered this one the maybe the greatest motion picture of all time.
Okay.
What goes your how much they know?
Okay.
I see.
I was in the very vicinity, you know, up in Gainesville.
Yeah.
And it basically was a damn gay club.
The couple of good things that I did, I did get a couple good friends who I will be friends with forever.
Well, only a couple because the guy from New York said fiber 10, even.
Yeah.
And yeah, right, whatever.
Like because well, a couple of us joined together.
We were friends in high school and we're still friends, you know.
Yeah.
We were buddies.
We grew up together all.
So he would have been your friend whether you'd been an fraternity or not.
But now there's a couple that I'm very thankful for that I met there.
Yeah.
That I met at the fraternity.
I would have never met otherwise.
But just very few.
And as far as like hazelnut, the guys next door to us, Pylem the Fai, they used to do this thing a long time ago called the elephant walk.
Where they would get on their back of all court and get in the circle.
And they would stick their thing in between their legs from behind like how an elephant sticks to the trunk.
And they would like to talk to them about.
Yeah.
And walk around the circles.
So I just thought that was.
Yeah.
How everything else I'm coming over here.
Everything else is great.
All right.
It's good to hear your voice.
Thanks for the good news.
You take care.
Stay out of the conger line.
I will.
Okay.
I know.
There you go.
See all of this stuff that involves nudity and involves the male penis and involves mushrooms in your, I mean, marshmallows and mushrooms in your rectum.
Whatever it is.
And you can deny it all you want.
And you know, we'll hear from the two or three guys out there who were in the out only fraternities in the world who's hey, and how come when I asked the guy about the hazing incident before the one from New York, how come he hemmed in the hot before he finally cleaned up the story for us.
And went past that part real fast about where they're running around naked.
Yeah, right.
Oh, no, they weren't naked.
They weren't naked.
I mean, they drank a little bit, which hey, who cares?
I mean, that's what you go to college for.
Or they make a little bit, but you have to use your own judgment.
Not drink as much as somebody else tells you so you can measure up to their standards.
And that's what it's all about.
Do you measure up to our standards and a latest, not much of snobbery is what it's all about.
Are you good enough for us?
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile and four-letter, Dale.
Hello.
Neil Godd, what's going on?
Yes, sir.
I'm calling you as a graduate of college institution and a fraternity member.
Oh, hi.
Yeah.
I spent some time four years up in Buffalo, New York State University College of Buffalo, right?
I don't want to have any.
And I don't know about the inside secrets of other fraternities, but when I pledged my fraternity,
there was no alcohol introduced into the pledge process.
And if we were caught, you know, outside drinking or even having a good time, you know, we were punished.
It was kind of like a boot camp pledge process.
Really?
And I was hazed, you know, I was paddled.
That occurred?
Yeah, absolutely.
That occurred about the last week of the pledge process.
The total pledge process lasts about six to eight weeks, depending on how good the class is as far as absorbing the fraternity history that you're tested on every week.
Yeah.
And if it's a good class, it goes through pretty quick.
But if it's a bad class, it could last for a whole semester or a time.
We've held pledge classes over for that long just because they were lazy guys.
But the last week is called Hell Week.
And that's when all the crap hit the end.
That's when all hell breaks loose, yeah.
And my pledge process involved the last week, all my pledge process, how to spend the entire week together sweeping in our suite.
I don't know if you've ever been to a state college, but there's three rooms to a suite and a suite for, you know, the center entertainment for everybody to meet.
Sounds real sweet to me.
Yeah, well, we had a sleep on the hard floors.
It was cold, you know, Buffalo gets cold in the winter.
And after we became members though, it was pretty much a professional organization.
We learned parliamentary procedure.
We had weekly meetings, fun, we had so hard.
Yeah.
Let's go back to the paddling though.
Let's not skip over that topic.
Okay, that's not about that.
That's not about that.
That's not about the bizarre to me.
Well, it all comes tradition.
That word that you always use tradition.
Let's just go with...
Well, you know what the funny thing was.
The chapter of my fraternity I pledge was entirely black and Hispanic.
I was the only white member at the time.
But nationally, it's a white organization.
And I think these guys were just very militant because they just normally black fraternities fetch their prospective members very hard to see what kind of endurance they have.
They do so hard.
Yeah.
But I noticed with the predominantly white organizations that they do drink a lot, they do party a lot, they do act irresponsibly.
And it's ashamed because those kind of things get into you.
And they do run naked on the beach a lot, I guess from when.
Well, I didn't stand bustle a week or something.
I think your like Erie is not a good place to run around naked, especially in the middle of January.
Right.
If you're not ice-skating anyway.
But yeah, it's a bad thing once fraternities do things like that.
But I keep missing the part about the paddling part.
Did you tell me or not?
Well, we weren't paddle naked.
We had clothes on you know with all the alumni members came out that last week and everybody got a squat.
And you just took it.
And you know, you have this pre perceived notion when you go into college.
Just one on the record.
Oh no, we got about 40 that night.
Each one got a squat.
40 squats on the record.
You had all the clothes on?
Yeah, we had our clothes on.
Actually, we were teaching because they had a satin part, you know, getting us all muddy and doing some exercises before that.
And but there was no nudity.
We were never forced to drink anything.
We weren't allowed to drink.
We couldn't smoke cigarettes.
No more pledges.
We had a stain for six weeks.
It was like, you know, you were pledging, you know, your stuff to this organization.
Man, man.
You know, a little spanking.
There's nothing wrong with that.
Yeah, you know, you just wanted to think someone is kind of a man.
You were, I guess.
I don't know the logic behind it.
But there was no, you know, running around naked or we never made ourselves look stupid.
Any organization that does that.
I think that's disgusting.
You know, I mean running around in the mud getting a few.
Recto wants on a record.
That's not too bad.
Yeah, but you know, there were parties.
Yeah, there were never any orgies.
You know, everybody pretty much had a girlfriend and lived a regular kind of, you know, sexual life for a college concern.
Of course, that much for all.
Keep in mind it's buffalo.
So, you know, I'm not going to be too exciting anyway.
But I had a good time there.
I just wanted to speak, you know, there are good things and bad things that happen in fraternities.
And usually the bad things that way the good things because that's what people want to hear.
Right.
They want to try and abolish it.
Okay.
I'm 30 years old now.
I'm not involved with my fraternity anymore.
But I stopped friends and buffaloes at that time on a yearly basis because of the fraternity.
So I'm grateful.
And I just want to say that.
Okay, I'll see you in future.
I'll be on the Pew.
Okay, and for Donan.
And Lacka Wanda.
56070560.
On the AT&T wireless line.
Do it to me.
Yeah.
That sends you not care.
I want to be down there.
It makes you want to cry.
Yes.
You'll know from who it came.
It's a good thing.
I'm not involved with it.
I'm not involved with it.
I'm not involved with it.
I'm not involved with it.
I'm not involved with it.
I'm not involved with it.
I'm not involved with it.
I'm not involved with it.
I'm not involved with it.
I'm not involved with it.
Check out the guys.
What did you call?
I forget.
There's a great movie about the fraternity hazing.
We're trying to think of the name.
But 1216 and it dies in raging bullcrap.
56670560.
56670560.
On the AT&T wireless line.
Somebody will call.
Here's the crawl spring.
Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Pretty good, sir.
I have a story to tell you about.
A friend who was a...
I have a friend in Maryland who was killed last year because of hazing.
What happened was he was pledging to Sammy Fternick.
And one of the things they had to do was they had to get a win a bigot
and drive down to Tulane to pick up a glass that had Tulane
and the Sammy and Figny on it and then drive back
directly after that.
So whatever they went down there they got it.
They drank a little bit whatever and then they started driving back.
And somewhere in Mississippi the driver fell asleep at the wheel
and went off road and my friend was sleeping in the top bunk at the time
with the one of the bigot and he went through the windshield and
got crushed in between the one of the bigot and the tree.
Nice.
Yeah, so basically I'm a college student right now and I will definitely not be going after any fraternities.
Great, but you'll probably never learn to build a float, but you know.
Yeah.
You'll get by.
Okay, thanks for the bad news pal.
Okay.
There you go. There's another horse.
There are a lot of horse stories and we're not suggesting that everybody who, you know,
pledges for a fraternity is going to wind up dead or wind up with some horrible thing
happening to them.
But what's the point?
What's the purpose of it?
I mean, if you have to, like I said before, if you have to pay to be part of some organization
to make friends, what does that say about you?
I don't get it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
And also, if you have to go through a whole bunch of rituals to prove that you're good enough
for those people, is that like really your friend?
Oh, here.
Let me show you.
I'm good enough to be your friend.
Please, please, please.
Can I be your friend?
Huh?
Yeah.
To you.
How about, well, maybe if you're making it on the beach with me, let's see the guy with a paddling
on the ass.
I mean, that's pretty mild.
Yeah, but what do you expect in Buffalo, what a state university.
It's pretty mild.
Rolling around in the mud, getting 40, 50, 80 wax on a pad.
That's not bad.
Sounds reasonable to me.
Sounds like kind of a guy thing.
Here's the hellendale.
Hellendale.
Hello.
Hellendale.
Yes, sir.
That guy you might have on it said screw the Marines, all right?
What is it?
You might have a guy on about 15 minutes ago.
He said screw the Marines, all right?
Screw the Marines?
Yeah.
Is that what he said?
Yeah, why don't I tell you something?
Yeah.
I'm affected from World War II.
WWW II?
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
First Marines at Guadalcan, all right?
Yeah.
It was just for us and Navy.
And President Truman, we'd still be here.
Tell that asshole what I just told you, all right?
Okay.
Thank you very much.
I'll tell him.
Okay.
Temporify.
Now what was he in?
I'm Marine, Temporify.
567-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Everywhere of a naval attack.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
I was in court about the whole cost thing, but since you are talking about it, all I got
to say is those kids, what they're trying to do is out do the generations before them.
It's just like, oh, I can do more than my mom did.
Or, you know, I can do more.
I mean, this is not something brand new, though.
Oh, no, of course not.
Long, long, long time.
It's been around for a while.
But anyway, I'd like to share a joke with you if I could.
A joke?
No.
567-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hi.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
I got the name of that movie you want.
Okay.
It's called Lords of Disciplines.
Right.
Lords of Disciplines, Outstanding Movie.
Now, it's not exactly a fraternity.
Actually, I'm getting this information from a book.
I hope that's okay.
I think that's the movie.
It's a video reference guide.
And what it is, is it's a military academy, the starting of this guy, David Keith.
And they're hazing this black student because the whites want like supremacy on the military campus.
That kind of thing.
Yeah, different movie.
Well, that's not the movie you want.
Oh, that's not the one.
You're right.
Okay.
Well, it's a different movie.
Yeah.
Okay.
Anyway, my name is Mike.
And I thought I had the right movie.
No, that's a good one.
No, thanks Mike.
Thank you.
Okay.
Well, I got my movie book out.
Let's see.
fraternity row.
Like I said, I got my movie book out and I opened it.
It was under FR already.
It must be an old man starring Gregory Harrison.
Uh, Franck.
Fraud's fraternity row.
Four stars, by the way.
How do you like that?
I had an ass.
Oh, U.S.C.
fraternity man acted and served as crew and his tragic,
true to life story of a hazing Gong Ron and the wrong in the 50s.
The late Newman.
What Newman is that?
Scott Newman.
The late Newman was Paul Sun.
Solid acting in a well delivered period piece.
Peter Fox, Gregory Harrison, Scott Newman, Nancy Morgan, Robert M. Hart, Wendy Phillips,
and Dr. Thomas Tobin.
The fraternity row.
We're not going to get a copy of that.
I think they got it.
Four stars.
And I'm not saying that happens at all of fraternities, but, you know, too much crap, too much of this
grotesque garbage, too much running naked together on a beach.
Too many people being made to be a naked and do all kinds of strange things with their magic twangers.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's homestead.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm a couple of college goers.
Absolutely correct, sir.
How about you?
I'm trying to outdo the generation before them.
Yeah.
With me, it wasn't so much as making friends and fraternities.
I was pressured by parents.
I went through the hell week and all this crap, all the crap that they wanted me to do.
What kind of crap?
Oh, man.
Running around and dresses around campus.
Public humiliation.
It was actually horrible.
But that wasn't the worst part about it.
Yeah.
It was the good stuff.
It was the good stuff.
Yeah.
But at the end, there was a new requirement that they did not have before.
That your penis side had to be at least eight inches.
But they didn't want to count my fourth gain, so I thought I'd have been short.
Absolutely horrible, Neil.
Yeah.
Okay.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
What do you say was 7 1 1 2 short?
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, the sad thing is I can believe that story.
I never understood this fraternity thing.
Why would you willingly humiliate yourself in front of your peers?
Because you have low self-esteem.
Maybe that's it.
Or you're just so aching to make friends that you can't.
Yeah, but again, low self-esteem.
I want to bring up some notes.
I don't know if you want to talk about it.
You mentioned the rave thing that you saw on the front of the paper.
Right.
You see the next thing next to it about how we're going to give another 7 1 1 1 2
billion to Columbia to stop the drugs.
Sure.
What are they going to learn?
They're not going to learn.
It's big business, man.
It's software.
It's a lot.
That one went straight to the politician for the rebels and to the people.
They're growing the drugs.
Absolutely correct.
You've only been marijuana in Columbia.
Now they're growing opium and they're growing the coca leaf too.
Right.
It's unbelievable.
That's our money.
More partners.
Great.
Down the tubes we go.
Okay.
Thanks, Neil.
Just remember when you think about partners think of Heim and Roth.
Not a good idea.
5 6 7 0 5 60, 0 5 60.
Or he, as he would say, partners.
5 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Hank Olberg show at 2 o'clock.
Marlon double header at 330.
God forbid.
Come on.
Some more rain.
Let's go.
Please.
And let me say it again.
Jo and the guilty this morning, especially little dog.
What a suck up job.
But a PR guy that media guy from the Marlon.
That was tragic.
That was really.
We really needed D-fold back here.
Dispelier day.
And he just left.
Here's the pump it will be.
Hello.
Hey, Donnie.
I just wanted to respond to that guy from New York.
I went to University of Miami that said that he had to be an attorney in order to make significant friendships.
40 or 50 or 60 very best friends, right?
Right.
Well, I like to say I went to Arizona State.
I went there not knowing the soul.
I did not join a fraternity.
And I made about 12 to 15 great friends.
Six of which I considered to be like best friends.
Right.
So I think that was total nonsense.
Plus when I got there, I was asked to, you know, I was trying to be recruited into a fraternity.
But luckily my older brothers that told me such horror stories about, you know, public humiliations, the elephant walk I heard before, but also a circle jerk.
Right.
Where the last person who finished had to eat whatever they were jerking up.
Oh, Jesus, yeah.
So, I mean, that was stuff.
I mean, maybe for some people that says, oh, where do I sign up?
I thought that the marshmallows were gross.
Oh, my God.
I mean, I don't, I mean, there is nothing.
And all these guys are trying to recruit me.
Now, I don't want to get too graphic about what you just described again.
But I would like to know what kind of heterosexual activity that is.
First of all, I mean, I understand adolescent.
But generally, a little before a college age, I would think.
But adolescent guys, you know, screw around all the time.
Sure.
But a circle jerk among college guys who are allegedly heterosexual, what is that?
I mean, I personally, I don't want to be next to a guy that's, you know, that's choking it.
And secondly, I don't even want to see another guy ejaculate for that matter.
Let alone a whole circle.
Let alone be a part of it and have a chance to really get to know everybody's, you know, fluids.
Unless maybe you got like a body condom on something like that.
Yeah, maybe like an iron condom on it.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
No problem.
There's a guy that's got some friends.
He didn't join a fraternity.
Oh, right.
And you don't run around naked with his friends on the beach.
I forgot to ask him that.
But I know we can already answer.
He don't do it.
How do you like that, huh?
Wow.
Woo!
Even an old fag like me is grossed out by that story.
Sometimes they jerk off around a cracker.
Clem, Billy Bob, a saltine.
I hope my mom don't feed that to my dog.
Maybe that's why he got sick.
56670560.
They just showed a cracker.
And pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
You know, my mom that had her dog put to sleep.
26 past noon at 560WQA.
Can beat that gator meat.
Do you have reason to believe you may be using drugs?
No.
I have been acting erratically lately.
Just last week I went bowling with Jesus and Jim Morrison.
Those may be some of the telltale signs that you may be using drugs.
How do I know for sure?
Some of the other telltale signs may include you have drugs in your house.
Yep, that's me.
You know where to get drugs.
Me again.
You know all the drugling goes.
Oh yeah.
You talk about Woodstock as if you're still there.
Dude, Jimmy's gonna play the National Anthem again.
And you can eat 32 cheeseburgers in one sitting.
Where? Where? Who?
If you've answered yes to any of all of those questions,
you may have a drug problem.
If that's the case, you need to try HDT.
The home drug test.
The fastest and most reliable way to find out if you've been using drugs.
HDT, the home drug test, available with most major pharmacies from pod,
the usurping people.
Far out, man.
Well, 31 at 560 WQM.
We got 600, 700 open lines.
Now all of a sudden everybody just needed pardon.
560, 705, 60.
They probably reached over and finally twisted that knob.
Even better just puke their guts out after the story that you guys just told us.
And you know something, I bet you that's a pardon the expression only the tip of the iceberg.
Going back to that stuff that I read from Linda Robinson's book,
Laura Robinson's Waiver Heller Bitches name is from that book again,
which is a great book called Crossing the Line.
What kind of activities are these for heterosexual viral males in sporting events,
in fraternities?
What kind of factory is this, huh?
And I got news for you building a float sounds to me like right along the same lines to be honest with you.
Isn't that called like being an exterior decorator?
560, 705, 60, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Pemberg Pine.
Hello?
Mr. Rogers?
See.
How you doing?
Great.
What is the situation with cortisol?
I didn't follow it and I heard something afterwards.
Somebody called before and very early in the program and he said that he was thinking of going there
and if I ever been there and I said no,
and he wanted to find out if it was a good place to visit.
So why are you telling the audience?
You see, I'm from that area.
So I'm telling the audience because Sam, our promotion man, came in here
and said that he and his mother went there some not too long ago,
and they got off the plane and they took the ride into the city and they looked at the hotel,
they looked around and they got back in the cab and they went back to the important pay
to get out of there the same day.
He said that it was a toilet.
Well, I don't agree with you, sir, because the hotels in cortisol are most of the Mar US changed.
The Sonesta, the Mariat.
The holiday end.
I'm telling you what he told me.
I mean, why would I make it?
Why would he make it up?
No, but you shouldn't spread negative information about it.
If he would have told me that it was a wonderful place, I would have come on a year and said,
so I'm just about telling you what he said.
Yeah, but if you don't check the information, sir.
So why don't you tell us something good about cortisol?
Tell us, what am I going to do? I'm in the middle of a radio show.
I'm going to start doing research in the middle of a radio show.
Am I going to do that?
Well, let me tell you something.
If you like Holland, like you do,
Yes, you like cortisol because it's the same.
Only the, you know, it's a, it's still a Dutch territory.
It's what?
And it's a Dutch territory.
It's part of the Netherlands that you love so much.
But it has nothing to do with the Netherlands other than it's a territory,
but the laws there aren't the same.
The quality of life there isn't the same.
What do you mean the laws are not the same?
Just what I said.
The laws are the same.
In the Netherlands, Antilly.
But of course.
It's part of the Netherlands.
The Queen is out of state.
They have the local government.
But you know,
I must be reading propaganda there because that's not what I've ever read.
Well, but you should verify for us if you use your...
In fact, when I go home, I'm going to find a book that I read about the Netherlands,
and Tillies, and if I'm right, I'm going to bring them to the Netherlands tomorrow,
and I'll read it on the air.
Which please?
Because I have read that it's a very repressive place, very much unlike the Netherlands.
That's why I've read. You're laughing.
But...
Are there any white people there?
Of course.
How many? Six?
Maybe... come on, there.
Eight?
Come on, come on.
Eleven?
So, and what does it matter?
What does it matter?
What matters if the majority is dark or black?
It matters to some people.
I mean, maybe some people it doesn't.
For example, I'm not going to go to the Congo if I want to go on vacation.
I'd like to go with at least a couple of white people just so I don't feel left out.
Doesn't that make a difference to you when you want to go somewhere?
No.
You don't care if they're...
You're the only white person there?
Why should... why should it matter?
It does matter.
Birds of a feather do it together, manages the way it works.
Listen, if you love the Netherlands so much and I know you go to Amsterdam, I...
I would definitely...
Five times a week.
You know it's a place where you have every race in the world.
Right.
That's right.
So how can you... how can you try to discriminate, Mr. Roy?
I'm not discriminating.
I would just like a balance.
Okay, I don't want to be one white person in the middle of a million sparses.
I just feel uncomfortable like that.
Just like if I was the only black person like in Copenhagen, I'd feel...
Or in Stockholm.
So black people are inferior than you?
I didn't say that.
I said that birds of a feather flock together.
Well, you see that's the race of situations.
No, it's got nothing to do with race.
It's a fact of life.
I'm only a...
It's a fact of life.
The right here, I'm only here for business.
I'm on my way back to near Amsterdam in two weeks.
So, you know, good luck, okay?
Okay, good luck to you.
Okay, you'll need it.
Unbelievable.
Just incredible.
Because I don't want to go to a place where there's no other white people.
And there's the... which I'm not going there anyway.
And this guy's getting all bad out of shape because I don't want to go to the guy damn Netherlands and Tilly.
Do I want to go there?
No.
A thousand a million times?
No, I do not want to go to the Netherlands and Tilly.
And that makes me a bad guy.
And obviously this race is still...
I'm so tired of that crap.
I'll guarantee you that if I was as black as the ace of spades and somebody told to me,
okay, let's go to Copenhagen and I looked around and found out I was the only guy damn black person there.
I'd feel a little bit out of place.
I'd feel uncomfortable.
I feel like, you know, you know,
but I'm a racist and I'm a mean nasty rotten son of a bitch and don't ever forget it, okay?
And the Dunk of El.
5, 6, 7, Dunk of El.
Not what they say at the fraternity and hazing parties, Dunk of El.
Uh-huh.
Here's a mobile and Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Good morning.
I've been living in Curacao for a couple of years.
I wanted to get back to you.
I was doing the live conversation.
I ran a business there for two years.
Yes, sir.
I've been in the Caribbean for five years altogether.
And this last year, when they called, is absolutely right.
Curacao is not the ideal tropical destination.
It's more of an industrial island.
So if you're looking for the tropical, that's not the place to be a little bit safe.
Violent people are very nice.
It's not a black right thing at all.
As with most of the Caribbean, I'm sorry to say, I'm coming back to the States
a couple of years ago, the island Dallas, the racial situation in the United States,
it's gotten much worse than it was before our left country.
And that just doesn't exist in Curacao or in the Cayman Islands,
where I live for a couple of years as well.
So safe place to go.
If it's looking for a tropical destination, it's not a great place.
Looking for a European destination.
It is much more European than safe bone air or the Rubas.
Mostly Americanized.
More Americanized than Miami Beach.
What are you saying is a better place?
It depends on what you're looking for.
Looking for tropical or for beaches, gorgeous beaches, nice boats, and fancy hotels.
You can see the Rubas are placed to go.
Okay.
Looking for a combination of some of that along with a more European Dutch sort of flare
and a feel to Curacao is definitely the place to go.
Okay.
And then you say.
Okay, thanks.
Yep, see you.
Okay, there you go.
So you can believe him.
You can believe the other guy.
You can believe Sam.
Of course, do we ever believe Sam and butt anything?
No.
Or whatever you want to believe.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
It's like when I was in Bahamas that time.
And we drove through downtown Nassau.
Did I see one white person in downtown Nassau?
No.
One.
Did I see one?
No.
No.
Not one.
That doesn't make them bad.
Although of course, it just so happened that.
You know, you know, I mean, that's got nothing to do with them being black.
Or dark or light or mocha or it just happens to be that there are a bunch of, you know.
Fleecers.
That's a nice word.
Fleecers in the Bahamas.
They are.
They stuck the lifeblood out of you, man.
They just drain you dry.
They take every dime you got and then they want some more.
That was my experience.
In fact, I think that was their twice.
I'm sure I was their twice.
And each experience was worse than the previous one.
Well, I ever go back.
No.
I mean, there were a lot of white people in the casinos.
So it's got nothing to do with race there, but it was a disaster.
Very unpleasant.
Extraordinarily unpleasant.
Twenty before one at five sixty WQA and water spots not good.
It's great.
He kind of daughter is pleased and happy.
He ever told him a lot of cocaine.
He says I didn't touch you, saying ever you cocaine.
All right.
George is not when he denies that he tried cocaine.
What the republic is saying?
He never says his campaign.
He said he's going to write that saying.
And he will never play with cocaine.
George is not when he denies that he tried cocaine.
Twenty before forty five at five sixty WQA.
I'm just in here.
This must be another psychic experience because he was mentioning to me about a great article in the business section of yesterday's hero,
which somehow I tossed out and never got to see him.
And I open up the mail.
There's one piece of mail and some nice lady.
And thank you, Anne.
That's for you, sweetheart.
She clipped it out and said it to me.
She must have known that I tossed it and the article too.
Great article by Greg Fields.
Teddy Roosevelt meets John Henry in yesterday's business section, which I will read before the show is on.
It's about time that somebody else had the ball to just say to John Henry.
Or is it just a one or the other?
Nice go on, Greg.
Here's North Miami.
Hello.
What's going on, Neil?
Yes, sir.
One of your colleges before mentioned it, I got a great book for you.
It's Lords of Discipline.
He was talking about the film, but the book is fantastic.
And it's all about hazing at the Citadel.
And I was written by Pat Conroy, I think.
And it was the best book that I ever had to read in high school.
It was a sign to me.
It was a fantastic book.
And it's all about the hazing rituals that go on at the Citadel.
Great.
And it's really just absolutely repulsive.
I'm going to get that today.
You'll love it.
You'll love it.
You'll be talking about it forever.
I wonder if they were running naked on the beach together.
It's worse than that.
We'll wait till you read it.
Okay.
Okay, I get a shingles request.
Yes, sir.
Backstreet boys, I swear I'm not gay for all the fat boys out there.
You got it.
Thanks a lot, man.
All right, see ya.
56670560.
I mean, you know, there's nothing wrong with a gay fraternity, but just fact it's got 50 million members in it.
56670560.
I'm 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
That guy from, and he's talked to me before that guy from Amsterdam or where the hell he's from, disturbing.
Very disturbing.
Give me this racial bull crap.
I mean, you know, you can either, you can either put on a big act for all the rest of us, or you can tell the public, you know,
who the people are in Amsterdam that make it a little bit on the unpleasant side.
It's a very pleasant place.
I love it to death.
It's a wonderful place.
The freedoms are unbelievable.
The people are tremendously happy.
You have it a great time.
It's in the weather sucks, but other than that, nothing's perfect.
But you know who the people are who make it a little bit unpleasant there.
They're from the same kind of places that you're telling me are so wonderful, which I'm not buying.
Maybe that's why I got some kind of a negative attitude about those Netherlands untilies.
You think that might have something to do with it?
I think it might.
Do I mean, do I have some kind of an agenda, some kind of ulterior motive to make that thing up?
I don't think so.
Just a fact of life.
Here's Mimey Springs.
Hello.
Let's have it a meal.
Yes, sir.
Two things.
Number one, I spend three months, four months actually in Dutch St Martin and three weeks in Amsterdam.
And the two of us about as like is, uh, so good, and how I have to.
Right.
And they're in the same pool park, but they're no one near a rite.
But actually, St Martin's a decent place to go because there's a whole half of the country that French St Martin,
which even though they're French, right?
Oh, French.
Oh my God.
See, there's my bigotry showing to you again.
And, uh, anyway, I went to a private school up in, uh, of St New York that has about 2000 total
undergrad and 18 fraternities for the 2009 grad.
That's 60 percent, uh, students joined fraternities.
Uh-huh.
I did not.
And, uh, I'd find throughout multiple different fraternities and stories that I heard were just some of which is outrageous.
I mean, it was just, I angered the point that I just didn't understand.
I just didn't understand what, what the, what the effort was to attain.
If you're going to go through something like that, to try and attain something.
Now, if there's anything in all professions, you know, the New Yorker on the block,
it gets to have a hard time.
That's because you're trying to eventually reach the top of the ladder or something.
What is the final goal?
You're going to be, you're going to meet these people.
You're going to be friends with them.
You're going to have some lifelong contacts.
I imagine out of it.
But you're going to do that anyway.
Yeah.
You're going to deepen college experience.
You're going to have all that.
I just don't understand why you have to subject yourself to a whole bunch of homoerotic experiences to, you know, be part of some club.
I mean, what does that mean?
I don't know.
It's just seeming to me that to go through that, you must have a goal in mind.
You must have something that you're trying to reach at the end of all the, all the, all the hassle.
Yeah.
And I just don't know as they will tell me that.
You have to put your finger on it.
So, you know, as they will tell me what it is.
Okay. Well, maybe somebody will.
You're going to be, uh, the games in the, in our camp tonight, right?
No, it's here.
What is here?
You going?
No, I don't go to exhibition games.
All right.
I wish I would say a good one.
Hope you have a good season this year.
Okay.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We're hoping for a good season.
But the way they're talking about pop, El Buria sounds real, real, like a real ticklish situation to me if I can say that.
You can real nervous.
5, 6, 7, 05, 16.
I have a feeling that maybe the Murray Brothers put up a whole advertising campaign.
You know, I don't like the CBC and all around all the Fox affiliates around the league and put some spots on there saying, hey, this announcement is possible by the Florida Panthers.
We're paying pop El Buria $10 million a year and he had that very delicate knee surgery, you know, and we really think that he's like could be on his last leg.
So, please don't hit him when we play.
Okay. Don't hit him.
Just look at him.
Just watch him fly down the ice and score a couple of goals.
But please don't go anywhere near him.
Very, very bad strategy as usual, boys.
And I don't want to start telling you how to do your stuff, but bad strategy.
Here's a mobile and crawl spring. Hello.
Good morning.
Good evening.
Good evening.
First of all, first of all, I'm going to not part of the Netherlands.
He was anymore.
They decided to go independent.
Yeah.
You only want to stay with the Queen was a ruler.
And on the second place, you'll write and where we're getting the information is very right.
People in Kurosawa are the most rude in the whole Caribbean.
Yeah.
I'll tell restaurants, even as a casino, they're very, very rude.
Now, I think compared to the people in a room, I've already know like real nice people and they understand that they depend on the tourism more than the house.
Right.
So, I mean, I hear a lot of people say they go to a room and have a good time and they gamble a little bit in the beaches and whatever.
I've never heard anybody say, oh yeah, what's the Kurosawa and had a really great time there.
It used to be used to be a very inexpensive shopping place, but even in the shopping area, they treat you like dirt.
Like they do your favor.
Sounds like the Bahamas.
In fact, they're not in the, they don't belong to the Netherlands.
There is anymore.
So that's, you know, they went independent.
I think like four or five years ago.
And the Queen only has one island now.
That's a rule.
That's it.
Good. Good for her.
Thanks a lot.
That's it.
Thank you.
Good for the Queen.
56670560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T wireless live.
Here's North Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yeah, the LA doing today.
Okay, sir.
Okay.
What I call a fit earlier about a fraternity being a place we'd buy your friends.
I can wholeheartedly agree.
I experienced something to that effect when I was at FAU with this fraternity.
I'm not going to mention the name of the fraternity except it's a, it's a, it's a mostly two-ish fraternity.
I'm two-ish my daughter.
Oh, that was, you got that, you got that deal.
I'm two-ish myself and I think I was probably one of the few two students in campus who did not join the fraternity.
And they kept trying like crazy to try to get me to join.
And I kept saying, no, I'm not interested.
I don't want to, I'm not interested in a fraternity.
I'd rather constantly doing school work than going out and crazy stuff like you guys do.
I also worked at school newspaper with a couple of members of that fraternity.
And they used to try to recruit me there.
And what really got me was that I started dating the girl who's now my wife.
I committed the ultimate sin in their book by dating a non-tourish girl.
And then a couple of people.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
And a couple of these lovely fraternity people would come up to me and say, you know, the only thing I'd say not to a girl is good for is practice.
Now is that a nice thing to say or what?
Lovely.
Yeah. And they wondered why I would join a little group.
And then a couple of members of the fraternity, they took hold of the newspaper.
And somehow I got squeezed out of the newspaper.
And more that the paper became a playground for the members of that fraternity.
And after I left the school, the paper somehow went out of business. I was not surprised.
You know what always comes to mind when I think of fraternities and all these rituals and all that hazing?
Overgrown children. That's what always comes into my mind. Overgrown little kids.
That's what it is. I mean, I had heard about some of the rituals that this particular fraternity was doing.
And I'm saying to myself, hey, I'm just the kind of stuff you'd expect in kindergarten.
Right. There you go.
Okay, me on more or less, I'm curious. I just want to put in my two cents worth.
Okay, that goes down to you.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
We got two 300 open lines in the building as Hank Goldberg. He'll be here at two.
And the Marlin Devil Hitterwood, they expose this afternoon. It's dubious. That's all I can tell you.
That's the only word I can say. It's dark. It's a dreary. It's been raining.
And you know, and they're going to be screaming, oh, yeah, this is why we need the domed stadium.
They even had the little dogs sucking onto that this morning. I couldn't believe it.
I couldn't believe my ears that a big macho guy like Joe Rose turned into such a little suckling when they had their PR guy.
But we've seen him do that before, you know.
Like I would like to Brian Murray the before and after last season at Coaches Show.
We saw the, you know, the before the macho guy. And then we saw how they kind of like turned him around. So the speak.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hey, Neil. How are you doing?
Okay, sir.
First time caller. This one to tell you a little story from my days in college.
I attended US 50 beginning of the 90s.
And the brothers aren't, the only ones you get it from the brothers. Sometimes it's the other way around.
And we had our pledges dropped off a couple of dozen brownies. Have a sorority dropped them off. They were XX.
We had a party that night. We had the pledges. Yeah, you got it.
That had a pledges guard the bathroom. The people would not go in there and phew call over it.
So we had a good place to go beauty.
So to get them back, we went to the Dunkin' Donuts. Got one of every single donut they had plus some donut holes.
And covered our private areas with them.
So pictures on Monday at dinner time passed them around and had the pledges sit together.
And the pledges got to see the pictures of where each donut sat on each brother.
And it can be those to say there's a lot of very white faces in there.
But that's about the worst it ever got.
That's a gate. Look at the moron.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
Anybody know what he just said?
No. Was it the bacon cheese mushroom thing by chance that they were advertising that you wanted?
Whatever. I mean, no. That's exactly something. Just something. Anything.
You know?
Bapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapap
We are going to the AT&T Live.
We are going to the AT&T Live.
We are going to the AT&T Live.
We are going to the AT&T Live.
We are going to the AT&T Live.
We are going to the AT&T Live.
We are going to the AT&T Live.
We are going to the AT&T Live.
We are going to the AT&T Live.
We are going to the AT&T Live.
We are going to the AT&T Live.
We are going to the AT&T Live.
We are going to the AT&T Live.
We are going to the AT&T Live.
We are going to the AT&T Live.
We are going to the AT&T Live.
Why are you a bunch of silly whining?
I'm a stray, our agent says we gotta stay
We'll see you stay here, not again
Our biggest fans don't swell here, old girls
The super-astute SMD, yeah
The air they get older, they all figure out
We're hiding our latency
One thing is for sure we get
Manage your doom
Why are you a bunch of silly whining?
One two three four four four four
You're five, no, but today we think that we have better say
We stay here, we're not again
No
I stay here, we're not again
Look at that, what's MTV playing right now?
They're everywhere, man
Whether you like it or not they're everywhere
Two minutes after one at 560WQM
From 560, 560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's a mobile in Miramar, hello
Me of God
Yes sir
Can you hear me?
I hear you
Okay, my brother was president of a fraternity
And then when I went to school at Florida State
They rushed me pretty hard, but I wasn't in it
But I had friends there
And I think the whole point of the thing
Was when you're a pledge and you're rushed
And you go through adversity
Even though it's created, it's fake
It's supposed to bring it together tighter as a group
And so supposedly that's a whole Greek system, I don't know
Yeah, that's the way Greek works, that's what I hear
Okay, thanks
Greek brings you the other tighter as well
Correct, oh, the Greeks always said
560, 0560, 0560, at least you were tighter in the beginning
I guess, and 0560 on the AT&T wireless line
See, it's interesting
And one guy, thank God, he finally did call
As a kind of a breakthrough there, around 1115
The one that's running naked on the beach with his boyfriend
Or whatever it is
But you know, we're not here in much of the
Just a little scrape on a surface here
Because most of you, for obvious reasons, are far too humiliated
And embarrassed to remember those days
Whether it was six weeks ago or six years ago
Or 30 years ago and tell us about it
Because, you know, why?
Why should you admit that you were humiliated and degraded
And forced to do all of these things
Because we know that they happened
There's no doubt about it
And especially in the wake of my reading that stuff on the ear
Which of course just sends all of this stuff screaming out of the closet
Naturally, you're not going to tell us about it
We understand
560, 0560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T line
Here's a mobile in Pompano, hello
Hey, Neil
Yes, sir
You got a caller just a little while ago
That I had some comments about the Dutch Antilles in a rhubot
Want to kind of set that some couple of misinformation is there straight
I'm from the islands myself
Yes
And the person is missing form
All of the islands are still under the Dutch Queen
Those are all still Dutch islands
Everybody there are still Dutch citizens
But they're separate as far as the government goes
And as far as the people in Curacao being rude
I don't know where exactly they were staying
But you know, all of the people there are fairly nice
Aruba is known for having nicer people
But as far as what the government set up is
They really, I don't know where they got their information
Dutch is not accurate
Aruba is a separate entity
The Dutch Antilles is a separate entity
And all of them fall under the Dutch Queen
So that was just the comment I wanted to make kind of set it straight
And I don't know where they came to with that
But one of the throwin'
All you got to do is open up the phone and you get it
You know, 80 million different pieces of misinformation
You know question about that
Well, I guess that's true
That was pretty much it, man
Okay, thanks
Thanks a lot
Thanks a lot
Okay, there you go, believe whatever you want
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18T world of slime
I believe whatever one, because am I going there?
No
No
In spite of what my good friend from Amsterdam was telling me before
That was giving me a lecture in the song and events
About what a racist bastard I know, what difference does it make?
Here's Voka, hello
Yeah, I know
Yes, sir
I just wanted to say no matter what anybody says, Dutch Queen, this Queen, you are my Queen
Right
And let me ask you say one more thing
Yes
I just wanted to thank you by the way for the tickets for the hockey game I went Friday
And it was terminal, but that's it
Yeah
My son liked it and I did want to thank you, George, who was wonderful for taking care of it
And I don't know how you're going to make it through the season to be honest
Don't forget it was the next edition game number one
Oh my God
You're right, it could be a very long season
I'm telling you
Especially if Burrey is really as fragile as they are starting to hint around that he is
We can have some real problems
It's going to be scary, but they're not doing anything, you know, they're not making any moves
As you would say, good luck to us
Exactly
Yeah, but at least I got a short trip home
From the Macarena
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound fire
Have we had one woman who was a member of a sorority call us today?
No
See, this is the problem
This is the problem, we have these women who claim that they're out there listening
But no matter what it is, you know, I thought that that was a very, very good point for me to bring up
Thank you, you're welcome
And I don't know, I have no idea when women join sororities
Do they have to go through some of the same kind of crap?
Do they go through the same kind of a hazing?
Because I've never heard of such things
And there's only one way to find out, and that would be if somebody out there would call and tell us
But of course, maybe we don't have anybody out there who could tell us
Because maybe we don't have any women who are ever in a goddamn sorority
Which is highly unlikely, but who knows
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's the plantation, hello
Neil?
Yes, sir
I was in a fraternity
I got out of the Navy, I went in on a GI Bill of Rights, they allowed me to wash dishes and wait tables for my food
I went on a GI Bill of Rights, and the government got it back hundreds of times
And taxes later on, we were paddled
And we paddled, and it taught us discipline, it taught us how to run a business
Now if somebody can say you were paddled and it taught you how to run a business?
That taught us discipline
Correct them
That's where we got paddled
Yeah, that's true
But we also ran our affairs
And we learned Robert Rool's orders, we learned how to run a meeting
We learned a lot of things that you should get in college, and I'm not sorry for it
Now, the paddle was that in the Navy or in the fraternity?
No, the fraternity group
And I guarantee it worked on it
It was not as rough as boot camp
I'm sure that
Okay, thanks, I'm glad you came out
Or whatever, whatever, I mean, well don't take it the wrong way
5.6 came out okay, I guess is what I meant
5.6.7.05.60, and 5.60 on the 18T wireless line
See, what's wrong with a little bit of paddling, huh?
Rectum
Yeah, all these people arguing about whether the paddle to your kids in school
Here's a bunch of adults, or at least pretty damn close to adults
Like young adults, adolescents, whatever the hell they were, punks
And look at what this paddling did for this guy, huh?
On a lollipop little boy
Hi, this is Clay from the area's newest car dealership, Clay Taurus
Our lot is jammed with a plate of Clay Taurus's H1
Completely carpeted for your comfort
And all of our Clay Taurus's are available in a wide variety of colors
Ranging from brown to red all the way to hot paint
The Clay Taurus handles in all kinds of weather
From hot and dry to cool and wet
Stop in for a test drive and experience that new Clay Taurus mail
And when you buy from us, we'll hand buff your Clay Taurus
Until your status by
Wheat Taurus, because the more it shakes, the better your driving
Okay, 114 at 560 WKM
Thanks to Kitty, by the way, a nice short to note here, with a couple of interesting things in a box
Ever have a thing in a box?
Interesting thing?
Uh-huh
It says, I'm a proud Dutch girl from Amsterdam, who thinks you're sure is one of the greatest here in Florida
Please enjoy these watches in good health and keep up to good work
And they're like, um, back to eat boys, stamp watches, they're collectible things
There's like four to a strip of them, they're like connected like postage stamps
And each segment is like a watch with pictures of the back to eat boys, so they're collectible stuff
Thank you, Kitty
See, so we got somebody nice from Amsterdam and then my old friend who was in the cross-city mood today
Give me a song and then it's about a ride of racists I am, etc. and so on
And he knows where I stay, so whatever, you know, what does that mean?
Who gives a crap?
567-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's a lady mobile in Fort Lauderdale, hello
Hello
Yes, ma'am
You know, I turned on the radio a couple minutes ago and heard you were looking for a woman that was in a sorority
Right
I was, but I don't know why you're looking for one
Okay, well I was talking earlier about the grotesque things that go out with hazing in sports and in the military and also in the fraternities
And we're wondering if the same kind of crap goes on to join a sorority
There was some, in my sorority, which I went to University of Berlin and yeah, in my sorority there was some horrible things that went on
Really?
Yeah, that's why I left
Like what?
I guess not so much like the physicalness that you hear in hazing but more like the more like embarrassing the girls and just like more mental anguish
I guess would be the answer than actual physical
Uh-huh
Well, it's not like the basis for real-to-of-friendships
Yeah, exactly, that's why I left. I mean the idea was to build friendships that would be lasting and that kind of thing and it was not
It was not in any way
There was an incident where there was every other night you had to be in a study group at the sorority house
And if the girls were not being quiet or studying they would lock one of the two girls up in a laundry room for 10 hours
I mean-
All for 10 hours, Greg
Yeah, real dumb stuff like that
You must have thought you'd join a convent instead
Exactly, exactly
They would also do things to embarrass the girls on campus if they-the pledges if they did not remember the rules or the Greek alphabet correctly
They would have to wear these like huge strains like buttons on the mall day that said I did not remember this, you know, things real mature things
Yeah, it's totally stupid crap, yeah
Exactly, exactly
So I think it's the same whether it's a fraternity or a sorority
It's just that you don't get an opportunity to gang-bang into your guys
Yes, it's a sorority sometimes I guess
Really?
Yeah, I guess
Okay, sweetheart, thanks a million
Have a great day
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10, 0, 5, 6, 10
So basically what we're finding out is that sororities, fraternities, all of these things
It's basically acting like a jackass
And how much they can humiliate and degrade you
And then maybe if you can survive all of that crap then you're good enough to be allowed to pay your way into their club
That's really what it boils down to
But of course like the guy from New York said if you want to make some friends and keep them you better join up or else
Or else you're gonna be real lonely
Because you know guys who-guys and women I guess do the same thing
If you're not comfortable running naked on the beach with all these great friends you've got then you just do your life in with a cramp
5 6 7 0, 5 6, the pound 5 6 the only AT&T line
Here is Kendall, hello
Yes sir
I just had observation, I think that you have expounded these things perfectly
The church that called the one in the closet
It was a beautiful example of it
Yes, he was perfect I couldn't have it written a better script
That's the target in the closet all the way
Nevertheless, I would like to be with all the respect by way.
I would like to say something.
Probably this is a cover in Nicola, in other words, stone age kind of behavior when you
say so.
Yes.
I mean like the military, they have to be the crap out of you to let you in.
The colleges, they have to be the crap.
The sororities, the countries even, when you want to go somewhere else, you have to go
through a lot of unilaterally.
Right.
It's a very elementary thing, you know.
If you want something, you have to allow it to be great you and humiliation, and then
maybe if you're real nice, we'll let you have it.
That is correct.
And that's very some human behavior.
Right.
However, I was very happy about your observation about that guy because guys like that abound,
you know, when he comes to colleges and that's where I want to go to, in other words, if
a college is a universal fountain of knowledge, of human knowledge, humanitas, it should behave
accordingly.
Right.
And these behaviors should have been condemned hundreds of years ago.
Right.
So they cannot do that and get away with it.
Absolutely correct.
My name is Francisco and I'm at your service, sir.
And God bless you.
Bye bye.
Thank you.
I'll pray for you.
5, 6, 7, 05.
I don't want to keep saying it.
That one guy said that the one day and I just keep repeating that I'll pray for it.
Why the hell not?
Although I don't think he needs it.
So how about these sandwiches, huh?
5, 6, 7, 05, 05, 60 and pound 560 on a AT&T wireless line.
Should I mention on a year where we got these sandwiches from by the way?
Why not?
I better not.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing today?
Pretty good to hear all the IP for it, so why not?
Yes, sir.
Have you heard of a sport called rugby?
Yes.
Well, you know, these are like the toughest men in the world, right?
It's a very difficult, tough sport and I played for many years and when you first start
playing, first of all, you're this new guy that you're an idiot and they treat you really
bad, a form of hazing.
But when you score your first goal or what they call it, try that night or the next night
they have a big get together, a big gathering, they make you do what's called a Zulu dance
where they stand you in front of everybody at the bar or wherever, whichever establishment
you're at.
And they start singing these ancient songs that these rugby guys have been singing for
hundreds of years and they pour beer on you and spit on you and...
Be great and holy at you.
You're right and they flick cigarettes at you.
It's a real thing to be at at the end of the year exactly and then they start, you know,
you know, they sing and then you take your shirt off and you're standing there, start
naked in front of all these people and you turn around and you moon them and you're hanging
it.
So...
Yeah, exactly.
And these real tough guys, they all want to see your balls and your...
Yeah, what you're not seeing, we finally got a call and of course rugby, like you said,
is supposed to be the one on a real match or even on a British duplet but nevertheless.
Exactly.
I mean, what the hell is that all about?
Well, I don't know but another thing is during the game, it's a constant game.
So if there's somebody on the right hand side of the field hurt, the game continues on
the other side of the field and, you know, everybody urnates on the part of my friends,
but everybody urnates on the field, but they do, they just take their thing and hanging
out of the side of their pants, everybody's peeing and I mean, you know, there's no shame,
there's really no shame in the game, you know, in the piles, you know, the guys are
be sweet and you just, you know, stuff of some of these guys are, they are absolutely in
the closet.
I don't play anymore because I've heard my back but I just wanted to call and give my
input on that.
God bless you, pal.
Thanks for the good news.
Have a great day, Nia.
How do you like that?
The rugby men, huh?
They're the Montreal boys.
Let me say it again.
Any situation like that, no matter what the sports, military, fraternities, you name
it.
For a bunch of guys, uh, chorus, other guys to get naked.
There's something really, really strange going on here.
As in, take it from me, it takes one to no one, you know what I'm saying?
God, I think I've been missing out on all this good stuff.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in four-letter deal.
Hello?
Mobile?
Yes, sir.
All right.
Well, um, I was in a fraternity for my five-year college education.
Right.
And right at 1980 when they started getting serious about hazing.
So we only got the tomato fight.
Well, we were blindfolded as pledges but, um, and eating an onion and things like that.
But what I want to comment on is that in every pledge class we had to a year, we always
found out that we had a homosexual in the pledge class.
Whether it was after the semester was over or somehow during, uh, catch them locked
on with some other guy in the closet somewhere.
So the, um, so the, uh, well, in some cases too, I'd say an average of 1.378, someone
got that.
Okay, that's good.
For a pledge class.
And, um, uh, most of them were, uh, if I can say this, fairly good-looking guys, we thought
that they would help us help us with the, uh, girl angles, bring them into our parties.
Right.
But then they started to tend to not really want to go after the girls.
And we would catch on.
But we never had to get naked with anyone.
Never really tried to.
Oh, lucky for you, man.
Other than the sororities.
That would be a cross you'd have to bear the rest of your life.
That's right.
I don't, I, I can sleep well at night now.
Excellent.
Okay, thanks.
All right.
Uh, five, six, seven, oh, five, six, he went to a opportunity that that one guy was in
a call.
That's 1115.
The one who runs naked on the beach with his, uh, buddy, with his boyfriend.
So help me.
Seriously, I don't think I'm ever going to, um, recover from that call.
That was just so astonishing, so spectacular.
Everything you could possibly want all right there in one amazing phone call.
As in when it's out, blurred it out.
Five six seven, oh, five 60 pound, five 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
My buddies, my pals for life.
We're going to go out there and run naked in the breeze and take showers together and do
the old elephant walk and whatever else, you know.
Now you're talking.
Here's Carl Springs.
Hello?
Yeah, I need a lot of you doing.
Okay, sir.
Neil, I got a real depressing story for you.
No.
I went over to the driver's license crew and pomp an obi to get a copy of my driving
record for job application.
Uh-huh.
And there's a sign on the door closed for tropical disturbance.
Yeah, the state is taking off today.
So there's no state agencies.
I just wanted to warn people.
Good point.
Yep.
All right.
Thank you.
My phone rang.
Thank you.
Six thirty this morning to tell my roommate John who works for the state.
No, no, come to work today.
How do you like that?
Yeah, she calls.
I pick up the phone six thirty tomorrow.
I wonder what kind of a maniac is calling here six thirty in the morning from the state
of Florida office closed today.
Why is that?
Well, there's a pigeon took a leak somewhere over, you know, drop one five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T line.
Don't let me forget to read that column.
By Greg Fields.
And thanks again to the very nice lady who sent that to me.
Who's two young?
I have a hairy chest.
I have a hairy chest.
I have a hairy chest.
Real men have hairy chest.
I like to watch Baywatch.
I like to watch Baywatch.
I like to watch Baywatch.
Realmen like to watch Baywatch.
I like to listen to Ricky Martin.
What?
I like to listen to Ricky Martin.
Hello?
Realmen don't listen to Ricky Martin.
Sorry, pal.
I've got a fucking...
Mr. Ryan, I'm real men.
And real men, don't join fraternities.
One thirty at five sixty WQAM.
Here is Hollywood. Hello. Hollywood. Hello. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Sure. Yeah. We hear the
CC camps in the 30s, 37th. Yeah. We'll talk about initiation. They just give you a
short sheet or put a spank in your bed. Yeah. And that's about it. Mm-hmm. That's very good. Okay. Thanks.
Here we are. Here is our last call, color rage. Hello. Mr. Radger. Yes, sir. I love
sir. Interesting topic. I was in the Navy for about 14 years. We finally crossed the
equator. There's an initiation when you do that called the Shell Back Initiation. And I
went through with it myself. It was humiliating. They made us climb through old food that they
had put in a shoot where you had to climb through the shoot. You had to stick your head in
the fat. The fat they picked the fadest man on the ship and they make you rub. He rubbed
your head in his belly. Pretty weird stuff. Yeah. Yeah. Very weird. There was a guy on
the ship though. And he was a friend of mine named Macy Egg. And he declined to do this.
He declined. You know, it's your right. He was one of the few people who did, but he was
in my troop and I knew him real well. He decided, no, I'm not going to do this. I will not
go through with this. And he stayed in his bunk. And I found out later during the cruise
that he was basically pushed out of the Navy. And I don't, you know, I really don't want to say
about this. I thought the whole thing was ridiculous. I mean, there were things I refused to do.
They wanted me to eat my breakfast off the floor. They took pancakes and put them on the actual
deck of the ship. Beautiful. Yeah. And wanted me to eat it. And I said, no, I will not do that.
And but whatever thing, whatever the deal is, Macy Egg was a friend of mine. He refused to do it.
Then because I'm his friend. And even though I did reach my shell back glory, and I've got
my certificate and everything, I was kind of blacklisted because I was a friend of this guy.
Yeah. He decided. And I really think you're under something here about this. I don't know if
it's homosexuality, latency. I don't know if that's exactly what it is. Sure it is. But it's
sure is close because it certainly is very, uh, yeah, peculiar, strange, very clear. Yeah.
So that's my story. You know, I once was asked in my life, and no problems, Macy Egg,
whatever that. I think he was, he was pretty dejected by this whole thing. Really? A lot of people
were treating him like, you know, really like crap. Reject, yeah. And you know, it wasn't fair to the guy.
He was a good guy. He was a nice guy. He was just every day ordinary guy that I met in the near
it, maybe. And uh, but because he didn't want to degrade and humiliate himself, they're
dead. They're around. Well, it's definitely right. And I almost, you know, if it makes egg out there,
good luck to you, sir. And you're my man. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Okay. If you're out there, whatever.
560, 560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line. Let me say it again. These are grotesque. These are
unacceptable rituals and a bunch of crap. And like I also said before, now, see, he gets into a
situation where they don't have a choice. They're a captive audience out there on the ship.
But I mean, if you have very low self esteem, or your kids, if they have very low self esteem,
they want to go off and join a fraternity or a sorority, you know, my advice would be, uh, cut the crap.
Okay. DM man, be a woman, uh, maybe somewhere in between. Whatever the hell you want to be.
But don't like, uh, have to be a quizzling for other people and gravel at their feet for their acceptance.
Screw them. Here's a mobile implantation. Hello. I know. Yes, sir. I just want to tell you I hate you. Okay. Thank you.
And thanks for listening to 560 WQAM. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Yeah. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. Good. Good. Good. Listen, let's not leave out, uh, the homophobic cops.
Uh, only the women come out in the police force. One thing I respect about the women that are concerned, at least they're honest about it. Yeah.
That's the most homophobic group, the most latent group I've ever seen in my life. Uh-huh.
I mean, you know, I mean, let's take it. I think you've been through their wrath. Yeah.
Anyway, I'm in the middle of a tropical storm. I got a gulf. Okay, pal.
Staying easy. What was the rain you get out there? We couldn't have a rain out today. Double head around. Maybe we'll have to have a double head
starting at 10 o'clock tomorrow morning for the Marlin. Sounds good to me. Maybe a triple header.
5607.0560. Pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Mobile in marathon. Hello.
And how you doing? Great. And you know, I was wondering maybe this week, and you'd like to come down here and do some fishing with me and my family. No.
Here's Miami. Hello. Neil, did anyone mention the movie for attorney, Roe? No. That was the one with Paul Newman's lights on with him. Oh, yeah, we did. Yeah.
Yeah, that about that. Yeah, we'll think about it from the book. Yeah, I was the one. Okay. I'll do my thank you. Yes, they did. Thank you.
Fortunity, Roe. I'd go out and rent it right now if I were you. Be a real good piece of advice for him. Why not to have your kids join a fraternity or sorority or any of you punks out there that are thinking to do anyone.
Just say to being treated like some kind of subhuman in a scumbag just so you can get somebody else's acceptance to them. That's what I say.
See, this goes back again to the fact that too many people in society are worried about what everybody else thinks. Oh, I want to be accepted. I want to be part of just be a person. That's all that's good enough.
If you're a good person, if you got something going for yourself, you'll make all the friends you want. Real friends. Not people that you had to buy to join into some kind of special pseudo intellectual goddamn snobbish club.
bunch of a leaders assholes if you ask me not that you know not that I have strong feelings about this. Do I?
I find the whole concept degrading, nauseating, disgusting, and after reading this book about the hockey crap and all this other crap going on just unbelievable. No, and I'd like to like I said very believable.
And I know there's the one thing I've asked and I could I could sit here and I could pound on this from now until the end of goddamn time and never get a response.
You want to know why because there is no answer. And that question being how come in professional sports or college sports or any sports.
All these macho guys with their jocks wraps on and their tight uniforms. How come it's okay for them to pat each other on a S.
Grown men guys 30, 40 years old and baseball football.
Patty, cheddar, running a guy, a manager comes out of the pitching coach to make a pitching change takes the ball from the pitcher, pat them on a S.
Can you think of any other endeavor of a non sexual nature in which one man, pat another man on a S.
You want to make a big sale at the office. Does the boss come along and pat you on a S. No, you bet your sweet ass. You don't sound like a good foundation for a sexual harassment suit to me.
You get an A on your exam in school. Does the teacher come along and pat you on a S. No, maybe unless it's that one in Hollywood, she might.
But other than that, only in sports, baby, only in this gay club.
So guys take showers together, pat each other on a S. All of this clutching and grab it.
And then of course go out and have a good gang bang and you know do some slut together.
That's the worry about the wealth. I'm going to read that. I wasn't going to read it because pretty grotesque.
But nevertheless, we can say penis on a year. Can we say penis on a year? No, where is that part in here? Where's that part so to speak? I'll find it.
Oh God. Yeah, place something in the middle here. Okay, I said I can't find it.
What the hell is that?
combo music.
Oh, here it is.
Yeah, talk about these two guys ahead. They changed the name of some of these players in the book.
But anyway, it says here's the one. He says he not only watched closely while his teammate had sex.
He choreographed pointing his toe to where he wanted the girls head to be.
Since he couldn't satisfy his friend, he wouldn't go out with her anymore.
In another case, discussed in this book, the complainant could only have the star of the team.
If he brought two of his teammates along and in another one of the defendants asked another,
why didn't you wait for me when he walked in on his friend having sex?
Two wealth storm hockey players tried to put their penises in a woman's mouth at the same time
who would receive the most physical pleasure from this act.
They also wanted to know who was best as if the sexual act were a continuation of team practice.
What's there to say except all right?
21 before 2 at 5 60 WQ and that's where he is so large. I don't think he has ever seen the
butt master machine in his life. Do you love breakfast cereal? Do you love beer?
Then you love burios. The world's first beer-soc breakfast cereal.
My husband never had time to eat breakfast in the morning and to get him to even touch me was
like pulling teeth. But now he wouldn't think of starting his day without three heaping bowls of
burios and he can't keep his hands off me. Can't hear you let away. Harvey the candles here.
Burios is available at all fine supermarkets and liquor stores everywhere.
I used to be depressed so it was burios I've got a reason to wake up.
I started each day with a buzz.
Burios it's oats it's alcohol it's fun. Harvey
144 at 560 WQ I am here's a mobile and West Palm Beach hello.
Hey Neil. Yes sir.
Fertunity brother here man. All right.
Hey I just wanted to tell you you're a synagogue bag. Yeah.
Okay thanks there's another fraternity asshole I rest by case. A synagogue bag.
See there's the pot calling the kettle pink right there.
Fertunity boy probably got that probably was doing the elephant walk for hours for days,
months. Here's a mobile and bokeh hello.
Hey Neil there's a real important reason to belong to fraternity or
or a sorority. And what is that sir?
And that is the one she joined and you become a member you think your stuff doesn't stink anymore.
Oh how's that it?
Yeah I think that's the only reason I can think of.
Then you can become an elitist just like the rest of them.
And then you can prepare to do the same kind of crap to them as they did to you.
Talk to other kids.
But it doesn't stink though so it's okay yeah.
Uh huh. Okay thanks don't rub their noses in it though.
Okay it's getting pretty weak let me read this column and again thanks to the lady who sent
this to me because I misplaced yesterday's business section and by the way I misplaced all of
this morning's Harold in the waste basket because it was about 20 gallons of soaking water.
How come there's some sentinel no problem this morning.
But right side by side with it right in the middle of the same rainstorm there's the
hero just a pile of mush.
Do you think I missed anything?
No.
No.
But anyway in yesterday's business section Greg Fields writes and the headline says
Teddy Roosevelt meets John Henry.
It's hard to imagine John Henry the owner of the Florida Marlins with a hammer in his hand
like his namesake of American folklore.
He apparently wouldn't mind however if the rest of us picked one up to help build a stadium for
his long suffering baseball team.
Taxpayers are expected to put the bill for new home for the Marlins and exchange we get what?
Good seats.
An autographed program.
The right to play center field in a game of hard choice.
No we get the bill.
The Marlins we all know look like fish out of water when they play pretty much any pro team these days
but they might improve with time it happens with wine so there's no reason to oppose the
public stadium.
That's no reason.
Rather we should oppose the stadium because baseball the All-American game operates under
a most un-American set of economic rules someone someone Teddy Roosevelt baseball needs a trust
buster.
Long ago the owners of America's baseball clubs cowed government into accepting the league from
anti-trust laws.
Anti-trust laws simply are those that prevent monopolies as the nation wants to
have for JP Morgan's railroads John Rockefeller's oil company and mobbells phones.
Our first president our first the president Roosevelt had a reputation for breaking them up.
Baseball's anti-trust exemption means that club owners benevolence citizens like
March shot George Steinbrenner and Wayne High Pingham can prevent competing leagues from forming.
They carefully ration which cities get teams by limiting supply they jack up the value of
franchises faster than a limited edition beanie baby.
For reasons not clearly understood perhaps a certain 40 in form of envy cities do just about
anything to land a club to prove their major league only a major league fool would buy into that.
With a current system there's no incentive for baseball owners to care about costs their assets
are covered by taxpayers.
You think Mr. Henry who made his fortune in the rough and tumble world of commodities trading
apparently he was even more gifted at than Hillary Clinton with supportive remarket in baseball.
When he took over the Marlins he seemed to recognize the game was in trouble.
It's my responsibility to alter the economics and I feel like I'm capable of doing that he said
perhaps but if Mr. Henry wants to state him in downtown Miami reportedly one of the preferred
sites you'd have to alter the economics of the city itself because it happens to be shall we say
less than flush. One is hard press to imagine the state appointed oversight board that controls
Miami's frightening finances approving a stadium over say garbage collection perhaps they could
let the Marlins pry the roof off the old Miami arena now that it's being abandoned by the NBA seat.
Admittedly John Henry would face a tough battle and getting his fellow team owners to give up on
a monopoly so if he still wants a new home for his team he can employ an economic tool that I
discovered when I bought my house he could pay for it. How do you like that Greg Fields in the
Harold yesterday in the business section. Nice going Greg of course too bad it's in a business
section that nobody reads just like the article about last week about the hotel people just saying
no any more of their tax money going to build a stadium for this guy.
Here's the Hollywood hello. Hey Nail Good afternoon. Yes sir. Nail the DC in this sports section today
about the village Trinidad 5D I think it is 3D rather he was called the top class fighting
cock how's that apples meaning what well evidently he went down to Puerto Rico and they had some
kind of a parade for them yeah and they were screaming them screaming at him in Spanish that
that particular line Galito Castillo it said yeah he needs top class fighting cock. Okay thanks
maybe he'll be at the cock fights in Halea next week 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless
5 we got 600 open lines in 11 minutes to kill here you think we'll do it no I don't think so
like somebody pulled a guy damn plug on this thing here to about 145 here's a mobile in Davie hello
80 fraternity guy. Yes sir the brothers want to know if you'd like to come over here and do a
cocky video with us yeah that's it that's it that's it that's all the material see this is this is
what you get from assholes okay this is the response they can't articulate anything so let's start
attacking me because they don't like the truth it just like the time I did the stuff on the wrestling
and they got all psychotic and neurotic same thing just lash out at me go ahead be my guess I don't
give a crap take your best shot baby pathetic you're not fooling anybody that's what your pissed
off about your fired up from pissed off because you've been brought out of the closet into the
open and a spotlight being shown on your latency 5 6 7 0 5 60 and of course you can't explain it
with take them far too much for you to explain why it's necessary to force these young kids to
participate in these activities you can't do that so just continue making see I you don't have
the mixed no difference about me because I'm out of the closet 20 almost 23 years now everybody
knows on a fact and I have no problem with that what about you guys what about you guys with
your elephant walk and your need to have all these young guys naked and on their hands and knees
and doing the elephant walk and all this other crap
