Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
To talk to Neil called 567-0560-Callers or David Brower, this is called Home 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM
easily read acquisitions or the beastly broadcast group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
I want to bang you in the front, honey.
Tonight on Let's Watch Animal Screw, it's a dicey situation for the intrepid wildlife crew
as they inadvertently interrupt a wild gorilla in the Miss Orgie.
Soundman Richard is made with a 500 pound silverback male.
Follow the couple as they register at Macy's and pick out a flatware pattern.
It's all on tonight.
Let's watch Animal Screw.
Did he say there's a gorilla in our Miss Orgie?
Uh-huh.
I think I know who it is.
Minute after 10 at 560 WQAM, I'll take it one thing.
I came back a day too soon.
Still got all this flim in my throat.
I think it's flim.
I think I got a problem here.
But at any rate, that will get true.
If we stay on a year, we wouldn't get anything working around here.
So here's the story.
And by the way, I want to repeat my question.
Is this WQAM or is it Channel 6?
See if they had some interesting people around Channel 6 who might add anything to any of our programs,
that would be productive.
But I'm driving to work this morning.
I hear some broad that works on there with Joe on, I don't even know if some sports nerd broad.
And they made no sense at all.
And then I, as they're talking about, I see men getting a new cell phone, so I'm assuming they already had him on once.
And then I go out to take a leak about 9.30 here.
And here's like Siemens again.
This pathetic, tired, old hack.
And that's a compliment in his case.
Pathetic, old hack.
With his latest scoop, see, he finally got his head cleaned.
Now, the head had taken the professional cleaner to get his head cleaned after he pulled out of Mickey Eris and Recto.
So now he's decided, well, let's stick my head in some of the other rooms.
Yeah, like John Henry.
So now he's scoping out the new thing.
They keep putting the same thing out of front page of your newspaper every day.
The sun sentinel, they've lost it.
They must be walking around over there doing ish, commitment going like that.
They're crazy.
Crazy people.
They weren't embarrassed enough putting the Don Smiley as by the Marlins on the front page of your regard.
They end day in both papers with Alan Snell and the sun sentinel and Barry Jackass and Harold.
They weren't satisfied enough with that.
So here's Ike Siemens again, breathlessly with his big scoop.
Well, it's, whoa, whoa, whatever he is the best dude.
It's an old, funny, dirty, you sound like you got a mouthful of cotton or elephant crap, okay?
You're old and you're stale and you're tired.
I go back where you came from, but NBC won't take you.
Will they?
No.
Terrible.
And that, well, it's the old collaborator, you know, I have a little bit of a little bit of a little stale,
but they won't have enough money to be competitive.
Like, like, don't we already know that?
I mean, everyone who even heard the same tired story a million times.
Tired old hacks.
Like John Henry, aka Ike Siemens, same person, I think.
Same personality.
So, I guess that's the new deal on the morning show now.
Is they got all the channel six people on there.
Well, they got to have somebody listening to them.
They sure not watching them on channel six.
Oh.
That's for God damn sure.
With that insipid Tony cigaretteo and that other crowd they got over there, ridiculous.
So tell us something that we don't know, Ike Siemens.
Mr. Great Investigative Journalist.
Tell us something new.
So at any rate, here's the deal.
Thursday, I say to George, what I'm going to do, because we've had about four or five weeks of real psychosis,
more so than usual around here.
With a center one thing and with the equipment, just nothing working in here anymore.
Just everything falling apart at the scenes.
Seen them.
And so I say to George, I'm going to take a long weekend.
I, if anybody needs a three day weekend, it's me.
I'm just mentally and physically, I'm just, uh, rung out from this joint.
So I planned on playing a little hooky here on Friday, taking a sick day.
We'll call whatever you want.
Everybody does it.
And so Thursday afternoon, I get on a plane.
I'm not sick.
I feel fine.
I'm getting out of town.
And of course, at that time, little did I realize how totally,
you weather experts had blown it.
Totally blew it.
Every single one of you, you blew it.
You're a disaster.
It is grace.
Never even gave any inkling that it could be anything like what it turned out to be.
Was I here for it?
No.
No.
I had a nice pleasant weekend.
So I'm on the plane going up north on air Canada.
30 minutes into the flight.
I'm sitting in my seat.
And all of a sudden, I feel this like scratching my throat.
Now, I want you to keep on thinking mind.
You don't catch a head cold in a half an hour.
You might get head in a half an hour, but you don't get a head cold in a half an hour.
On a plane or otherwise.
So the idea that I got sick because, you know, well, you know, God's punishing you.
And if you wouldn't have been on a plane, I'd have still gotten sick anyway.
I still wouldn't have had a head cold coming.
So to make a long story short, here I am with a scratchy throat, little bit head cold.
Not the end of the world, but certainly can't talk.
Can't function too well.
So I missed all the excitement.
I wasn't here, not for one sticking none of it.
Including the excitement we had here, the embarrassment that I hear about.
Everybody and their brother has told me about the embarrassment that went on here on Friday.
And Greg read sandbox.
See, that's what this is.
Not to be confused with the Rio radio station.
This is Greg read sandbox.
How many times have I told you that?
About 25 million, something like that?
But the little kids running around here playing games.
Do we have like any, like, you know, professionals?
We have like Ken Maldon, I don't know if Ken was here on Friday afternoon.
He's an old pro of news guy, sports guy.
And we have a few adults who are on the air.
But other than that, this is basically a sandbox.
With a bunch of little kids running around, making little noises.
Going, like that.
And so everybody I've spoken to says boy, it's a damn good thing you weren't here on Friday.
Because if you would have been here, you would have walked out.
About a half a dozen people have already told me that.
Including our program director.
It's a storm. Greg, it's a storm.
Yeah, it's a storm.
It's a freaking hurricane, Greg.
So to make a long story short, I come back Sunday evening.
And there's basically no evidence that all of this happened.
I saw it on CNN.
I saw that they had this torrential storm.
And these 15 and 20 inches of rain.
And the flooding all over the place.
And two and three feet of standing water.
And the horrible thing with those kids getting electrocuted.
All of these things.
To come back Sunday, getting my car at the airport.
And drive home.
There's no evidence of it.
There was some standing water in some of the, what would you call it?
In the runways where they have the grass, the grassy things.
Lots.
Huh?
Yeah, there was lots of water.
Whatever the hell they are.
Grass.
There was the pools of standing water on.
But other than that, there was no evidence that anything had happened.
I drive home out there to West Broward where evidently was a nightmare.
And in my neck of the woods, there was some debris in the little bit of that.
Not nothing much.
So I missed all the excitement.
Missed a vet, Miller concert.
I don't like that.
That bitch.
Yeah, I might do a couple hours on cellar door productions.
See, to me, there's a word for that.
It's called Scammed.
If I buy a ticket to an event and the event is cancelled.
And then I find out that the promoter.
What's the line again here?
It says,
Cellar door floored a generally doesn't issue refunds if an event.
Oh, it's not cancelled.
I see.
It's not cancelled.
So wouldn't it have been sensible if we had a sensible performer and anybody with brains involved, you know, manipulating this whole thing and running the operation?
Wouldn't it have made sense to cancel it?
Or at least to offer options of refunds or whatever to the public?
Oh, no, you already bought your tickets and she and says she's there, she's going to appear.
And if we can get some crazy people to drive out here to the Macarena, if you're crazy enough to come out here,
she'll get up there and sing this bitch.
And then come to find out that there were people who bought the tickets.
I won't mention any names like your close personal friend, rumor.
I won't mention him at all in the year.
People who drove there on Friday through torrential rain, through feet of sandy water, risking life and limb to see this fat bitch.
And believe me, I liked her up until this.
I was, you know, she I could take her reliever, but yeah, I liked her up until this moment.
And then to be stalled around and wait around and all on guess what?
But it's been postponed and have to drive home through all of this mess and then they come back on Sunday night
because they didn't want to lose the money.
They had already paid for the tickets.
Is that is that pathetic or what?
To me, you see, you know what I look like?
It's like I went to the track.
I had a bad night.
That would be the way I would look at it.
I lost whatever I paid.
If it was 150 bucks, 300 bucks, I had a bad night.
Went to Vegas had a bad half hour, 20 minutes.
That's the way I would look at it.
Some of you people must be insane that you would risk life and limb in a hurricane to drive to see vet middler or anybody else.
Crazy people.
10 minutes after 10 at 5.6, he never to queue up.
No portion of this broadcast may be reproduced without the express written permission of WQAM deeply re-equipment.
I must be crazy. I must be nuts.
I have crossed the queue to for the fright.
You're like a Nazi from the O-Sertz fright.
A pleasant ain't it to find anything?
Like women who like it in these wings?
What's your problem, Penny? Stop.
Don't you think you're not too far?
Everybody thinks you are like Joseph McCarthy?
Did you know that John McCarthy was gay?
A kind of life you can accept he never bade.
He kept right home, those fires died until he got fired with broken dives.
What's your problem, Penny? Stop.
You do that and we're thorough scum.
We would want to take you on like Joseph McCarthy.
We're free, free, free, boy.
We're free, free, free, boy.
Not only cost us $15 million and he finally went away,
but he brought in this other hack to make sure that we finished the jump.
$50 million, a lot of kids out there have no textbooks to take home,
have no lunches at school time.
There are people homeless on the streets with no food to eat.
$50 million, just like because the president got a couple of blow jobs
and did a little bit of phone sex.
$50 million, as your government keeps spending money like it's coming out of a ferro faucet.
So, when I'm getting back to the nice job that you people in the media did here with that hurricane with Irene,
what did we say?
We said we're looks like we could get a lot of rain.
That's what they were telling us.
A lot of rain, a little bit of wind.
But when you look back on it,
when you're, what was the one that before Irene, I can't keep track of him.
We got Jose sitting off there and now just waiting.
You can't remember what the one before Irene was.
The one I was sitting right out there and we were all everybody peeing in their pants
and now sunshine was bitching out the business people because they stayed open that day.
And the mayor was hyperventilating with the appearance on his shoulder
and trying to get everybody all psychotic even though the sun was shining and the thing was already gone by it.
What the hell was the name of that hurricane?
Gilbert?
Gilbert?
No laughing matter, mister.
So, whatever the hell that one was, I mean, you know, that thing set out there in the either the evacuation
and they got everybody whipped up in the war frenzy.
Even long after it was very obvious that the either hurricane was even with Lake Okachobi
was well north of Dayton-Broward County.
Lloyd?
What was it, Floyd?
Thank you.
Thank you.
And so now here we come here with Hurricane Irene.
Yes, it did start very, they didn't expect it to become a hurricane and it did materialize very rapidly.
But, but it seems to me that we had a couple of days, didn't we?
It was way down near South of Cuba.
And it was developing and turned into a hurricane at a grade one and was coming up north.
And it kept saying, well, let's go on straight north.
But it could go a little northwest, it could go a little northeast.
But why didn't they focus in on that a little bit better?
I think that's the question everybody should be asking today.
All you weather guys out there.
Why?
That's the question.
Why did you blow it?
Big time.
There were people who live over on the ocean who were like having, who didn't have their storm shutters up more prepared,
had water just pouring into their homes.
People down in South-Date again flooded all over the goddamn place.
They're still bringing in supplies for those people because they can't get out because the roads are flooded.
And they just blew it and come to find out I was near on Friday, come to find out that some of the channels were showing their soap operas again.
So, you know, they're always talking about, well, where is the credibility going to be?
Because we get everybody whipped up like with Floyd who are friends, you know, evacuated and nothing happens here.
And we keep doing this over and over again.
Now where's the credibility going to be?
Because now we finally get something that does happen.
And they're like oblivious.
They're oblivious.
Really a half-as-job, all you weather people out there, you sucked, you blew it.
And as you look back, I mean, sure hindsight is easy, but how far east didn't have to move that it was obviously going to affect us.
Especially since they kept telling us about the fact that the worst weather when these hurricanes is in the Northeast Quadrant.
Isn't that what they're always telling us?
Uh-huh.
Yes.
But they blew it.
And somebody owes a goddamn explanation on this.
And then there's the mayor again and he's got one man behind him and they're going to introduce him now and he's preriding up trying to make another goddamn media event out of this thing.
Another photo opportunity.
Why did you face it, Mayor Pinga?
You're an asshole, man.
You're a little torpy asshole.
You have no credibility.
Nobody believes anything you say.
You're a jerk.
Playing in simple, you're just a goddamn silly little jerk and everybody in this town knows that.
And now he's coming along.
Oh, well, the president, I'm sure he's going to give us disaster funds about it.
But just go shut up, okay?
Just get lost somewhere.
Go hide.
Go back in your closet and your broom closet and hide.
This town has had enough of you, man.
You're pathetic.
Just like these John Henry stories on the front page of the newspaper every goddamn day.
It's like a disease.
It's Marlins disease.
First it was done.
Smiley Marlins disease.
Now it's John Henry stadium Marlins disease.
Every time you turn around, both newspapers, they got Marlins disease.
So we get treated again this morning on the front page of the Sun Sentinel.
Marlins push for stadium support and it's just a rehab.
And it's actually the same story they had in three times the last two weeks.
Proposal still worry.
Lauderdale and Miami is the subheading.
And two paragraphs is all you need to hear out of this story.
The new ball and I haven't told you this is the way that they do this to try to jam it down your throat.
They don't ask.
They don't just postulate like well, they're floating a trial balloon.
They don't do that.
They say it like it's a fact.
In other words, if we say it, it's going to happen.
The new ballpark will either be in Bicentennial Park in Miami or in one of two downtown spots in Lauderdale.
Team official said.
How do you like that?
Then it goes on to say, now it's up to Marlins owner John Henry to persuade city and county officials
to agree and pony up public financing for the estimated $400 million retractable ballpark.
And you know what the answer is still?
No, no.
The new ballpark will be, it's going to be over here.
No, it's going to be over there.
No, it's not.
And they put it in your goddamn newspaper.
Like it's a fact.
You guys don't get the message, do you?
They just got through less than a week ago printing that big pole to the newspaper, the same paper.
And no matter where the money is coming from, the overwhelming majority of the people say absolutely positively.
No.
No way Jose.
And then the last paragraph in this eight million today, 25 million part series.
Says we fully expect there are going to be obstacles to overcome politically in the community and financially.
But it's early in the process.
Says Jonathan Mirren or Marlins senior vice president and chief financial officer.
We've yet to fully develop our campaign, our vision.
Well, I think they better go see an ophthalmologist.
Because their vision is very cloudy.
They can't see the force for the trees.
They can't see the finger.
It's not like Dickens finger.
It's everybody's collective finger in this community being held right up in the air.
That middle digit.
Giving John Henry the message.
I must be crazy.
I must be nuts.
That's the message.
You are crazy.
It isn't going to happen, Mr. Take your goddamn little league ballclub.
Pack it up and go to ash the viola and get out of our face.
Go away.
You silly person.
You, you twist.
The people here are going to important things like the bit middler catcher in the middle of a goddamn hurricane.
That's what's got the people here whipped up to a frenzy.
By the way, don't forget pizza lock.
Not tonight.
I don't want people showing up there tonight and maybe pulling a bit middler.
I already announced it.
No, no, seriously, that would be bad.
Next Tuesday, a week from tonight, the 26th, 6th, 8pm will be at the pizza lock.
and the new CDs, the replaceable ones, the new ones, the OK sounding great ones,
they're in today. In fact, they'll be in the spec store starting today later on,
which we'll let you know when. Am I right about that? I hope.
They'll be assuming that people pitch in. They'll be getting there today.
They'll pitch in. Believe me, they'll pitch in.
So I would wait till tomorrow, but at any rate.
So we are finding, I mean, it's only the 19th of October.
We've lost only like almost three weeks in a month, but we'll do the best we can.
This thing makes no sense to me.
Here's a mobile in. And now that we have punched it up, it disappears. Hello.
Hello. Can't hear you.
I hear you like a million miles away from back.
OK, so here we go. We take the first call.
I haven't even set the stage for this phone thing yet.
Now, what is that? He's still talking. I've already punched.
He's still. I can't punch him off. I can't get rid of this guy.
Hold on, sir. Hold on.
Hello. No, we're dead. We're dead in the water here.
I come out of a sick bed. I mean, you know, I feel fair.
I got messed up head and scratchy throat. I got a head cool. That's all.
I've had a lot worse.
And the phone system don't work because of the engineer.
The other one finally fried. You see, instead of solving these phone problems,
they've been going on for weeks and weeks and weeks and weeks and weeks,
and maybe bringing in some extra engineering help and having to actually pay them.
Oh, my God.
To do some work to get this all straightened out and make this a real radio station.
I'll try another one, but I have the reason it was so much going to work.
Here's a mobile in western. Hello.
The thing goes black in here and they're not on the air.
Let me try refutting it, see if that works. You want to do that during a break?
You know, something I don't care. I really don't care.
I can't sit and do the next three and a half hours just on this place.
I thought we didn't have to do that anymore. I thought that was the whole purpose.
We didn't have to reboot the goddamn computer that he put this new thing in here.
We've got a new goddamn screen in here that I'm supposed to read where the calls are from.
If I had a goddamn, I'm sitting eight inches.
Okay, maybe a foot. Let's be generous and say it's a foot from this computer screen.
I have excellent vision. My glasses are on.
Even without my glasses, I read.
I couldn't read the numbers on these lines.
If you put a goddamn oozy in my back, okay?
That's the kind of joke that we have here for engineering at WQAM or this channel six.
Whatever this is.
This is unbelievable.
What did I tell you?
As soon as I came on this one with the first thing I said I came back a day too soon.
Maybe I came back a month too soon.
It's only supposed to be a sports and talk radio station and we can't put phone calls on the air.
What were the only two radio stations that went off the air last Friday I'm informed?
In the entire market during the hurricane.
Power 96 and WQAM.
At least we're unique.
I'm not saying there anybody else out there would like to be like us, but we're unique.
I don't want you. Why are you doing that?
Try it just for kicks.
Here's a mobile in the, oh yeah.
Did you see any of that little league world series?
That's a same asshole I called this morning.
But at least we got the phone working.
Nice going there George.
We had to reboot the phone.
See we still have to do that.
At least there's some hope.
A little bit of radio hope.
27 after 10 at 5.60 QAM.
Absolutely.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is Rambo 4 inside.
How are you?
John Rambo's still alive.
I want to make movies 4 inside.
My life and growing great plan of Hollywood's broke.
Unfortunately I speak like I had a stroke.
First blood came in 82.
That's when I heard my penis and it never ever grew.
Rambo 2 was an 85 late.
Rambo 3 was an 88.
Sure.
And through it my god.
I did not make this movie with my son.
In every stage he was in Rocky 5 and daylight.
A little bit of cash is what I mean.
I got to get him open the pile of creed.
I got to have another movie.
Or a Broadway show like Genevieve.
I guess nobody ever saw Topman.
It was stupid.
I guess I understand.
My whole life is about to cave in.
Oh my god left this gentleman's way.
Ladies and gentlemen, I need to make Rambo 4 inside.
Check it out.
So call me up.
I really need to script back and do diet long.
Keep it in zip.
Delight comedy.
Action.
Adventure.
And drama.
The only thing I will not do is have sex with a llama.
So give me a break.
For goodness sake.
I used to be on offer and now I can't get on Ricky Lake.
Right now I got a one man showing for Kipsey.
Basically I'm an unemployed gypsy.
A little bit of cash is what I mean.
I got to get a loan from the power queen.
I got to have another movie.
Or a Broadway show like Genevieve.
I guess nobody ever saw Topman.
It was stupid.
So I understand.
My whole life is about to cave in.
Oh my god left this gentleman's way.
And that's why I'm ready to do it.
I need to make Rambo 4 inside.
Absolutely.
That's 34 or 560 WQ.
I'm your absolutely unacceptable station for the 90s.
So Greg Reed was just in here going.
Have you noticed where you watched it?
I was explaining.
I was sitting here screaming and yelling.
And by the way, head good at it.
In fact my left ear just opened up.
Let's hear it.
My left ear just opened up for the first time in four days.
Oh, that's a maddening thing.
I don't want to go through that business about when you have a head cold.
Your ears plugged up and you can't hear a god damn thing.
You know what I'm saying?
What?
But at any rate, I'm sitting here and I'm screaming.
And I'm going on about this phone thing and about this craft that we're expected to work with in this Make Believe Studio.
And he sticks his...
I'm...
I said him, can you read the numbers on this program we have on this computer that's supposed to tell us which line is what?
And he sticks his head on the god damn screen and still can't read it.
He's sticking his head on the god damn screen in here.
I wish you could have seen it.
I wish we had tape at 11.
Rick Sanchez would have been impressed.
And he still can't read it.
Well, you know, it's easy to say that we're cheap, but we want to get these things fixed.
Well, you know, the engineer's got to come up and get somebody in here that can do it.
Okay, if he can't do it, get a real engineer in here who knows how to put stuff in that works.
Not Mickey Mouse, not Scotch tape, not Make Believe.
Everything here is jury rigged.
Everything here is like taped together.
Like the god damn thing you were telling me with the generator.
They had to bring in a god damn kiss generator on Friday.
Oh, no, the van.
I beg your pardon?
And the jit wall two things.
Oh, my, now it really opened up wide and what year two?
Oh, all right.
Let's hear it.
My ear open.
Put it on the front page of the paper.
And suddenly stupid stories about the Marlins.
Yes, I'm sorry.
What do you say?
A gas generator and the kiss van.
Yeah.
The kiss what?
This, kiss this.
And they still went off the rate million times on Friday,
including from what you tell me from two o'clock to an undisclosed time that we know has got to be after 430,
but we don't know what time they finally came back on.
And if Hank was on it all.
Okay, let's see if these phones work.
Here's a mobile in the Gables. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
There you go.
Listen, got a question for you.
Yeah.
Forget about these incompetent bureaucrats.
I've been on the Actin through about six weeks now.
Well, the American Dietetic Association is very upset with you, sir,
because now they're under big, as if they know anything about anything, which they don't, but anyway.
Yeah, they don't know anything.
They're very upset because people keep losing weight on the Actin's,
and his book is still sung like hotcakes.
But I will say this.
I've lost about 20 pounds.
Yeah.
And I'm starting not to lose weight anymore.
I'm getting nervous.
You're in a plateau.
Just keep rolling the long-pound.
Just keep doing it.
Just keep doing it.
Just keep doing it.
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
All right.
Keep them in the head.
Thanks a lot.
I appreciate it.
Just kick it up.
And kick it up and keep it up.
Like Emily says, kick it up a notch.
Oh, seriously, the American Dietetic Association comes out with this thing,
and everybody should know that as soon as they tell you what's either the American Dieted
Association or the American Dietetic Association, they're absolutely positively full of pure
unadulterated crap.
They haven't got any idea what they're talking about.
And the one guy from the American Dietetic Association says, oh, when you know
grains are where it's at, you know, the whole world functions on grains.
And like Dr. Atkin says, when you want to fatten up cattle, what do they feed them?
Grains.
What makes people fat?
Refined carbohydrates?
Bread?
Pasta?
Starch?
Grains?
Make people fat.
Not meat?
Not chicken?
Not turkey?
Not eggs?
Not butter?
Not cheese?
Grains?
Make people fat.
And so now that, you know, this is their latest attempt at, of course, where were they when all this
low fat business was coming out?
That now 55% of the 55% of the population is obese, and the number is growing dramatically.
Everywhere you look, there are puppets everywhere.
There's a guy got in a plane with me on Thursday.
I have no idea how this guy got his ass in the seat.
This guy should have had to buy a row.
I'm talking about not a row with two seats, but one with three seats.
And somehow they managed to squeeze his ass on it with a guy named Shuhon, I guess.
And the Merchand Dietetic Association, which are such great experts along with your physicians out there, such geniuses, oh yeah, they're poo-pooing the Atkins diet.
In a meantime, have we seen any evidence of what they're claiming?
Have we seen people dying from the Atkins diet?
No.
I haven't read about any of them.
I'm not saying it works for everybody, but the people who are on it most of them seem to be losing weight.
They had a position on there on the piece I saw last night on the news.
We have a lot of doctors who believe in the Atkins who put their patients on the Atkins.
When I go to the hockey games, there's a heart doctor cardiologist that sits there in the road front of me a few seats down.
He's lost a lot of weight in the Atkins and puts his patients on the Atkins.
He understands it. He understands how it works. He understands what it's all about.
But the American Dietetic Association, a bunch of registered nutritionists and dietitians who ought to be in jail for fraud, by the way.
They're giving everybody a song to dance to try to scare them on the Atkins.
Give it to a body.
Take it to a baby.
Put your frauds in the fakers.
It's because of people like you with your goddamn grains.
That's why 55% of us are walking around like a bunch of goddamn pigs.
That's right.
When they want to fatten up the cattle, they feed them grains.
Don't ever forget it.
It works like a charm every time, by the way.
21 before 11 at 5, 50, WQM.
No, don't be sorry, Joe.
No, no, seriously.
I mean, I'm just going to go up until 2 o'clock and just ramble here.
This is not a real place.
This place is so out of control right now that they're going to bring in guys with little butterfly nets.
You better bring in the guys with a big butterfly nets, okay?
I have all these people, all of these sponsors.
I've worked for years to build up where I am today.
23 years in this market.
And these people, I'm sitting here, it's like they're destroying me.
Here is a piece of copy that is single space that minimum, minimum,
with even a marginally fast reading, three minute piece of copy.
And at the end, for my good friends in Lubak wrote this piece of,
and no wonder Adam Silverstein sent Fat Boy up here with us the other day,
because he'd be too embarrassed to hand me this piece of crap.
And at the end, the little disclaimer that goes on there at the end,
which you kind of read fast,
price based on a 36-month lease with $2800 cashed-down plus tax,
tagging security deposit for complete details.
And that's the end.
Plus tax, tax, and security deposit for complete details.
Does anybody read this before they hand it to us?
Does anybody look at this to see if it's go heritor?
It's just a bunch as many words as they can put on a page.
That's our sales department's idea now of copy.
How many words can we put on a piece of paper?
And our general manager is walking around sticking his head up to this screen here.
Putting his head, putting his face on the computer screen.
Making gutter will sound.
Yeah!
Oh, gee, you're right.
Who can't read that?
I guess I have to go talk to George Corso.
Ha-ha!
How did we get this far?
How did we make it this far, you know?
Really?
It's a miracle.
It's what.
You talk about the great 7 wonders of the world.
This is one of the all-time miracles in history.
I just can't, I'm speechless.
I haven't been on an hour yet.
And I'm already ready for a breakdown here today.
Things are much better today than they were the past two.
Hey, that's what I hear.
That's what I said.
I'm Friday.
Everybody I've talked to, including you,
has said, if you came in Friday, you would have walked out.
I was supposed to walk it out 10-30.
Even yesterday, at least writing shows up on the screen today.
Yeah.
We had recovered boxes yesterday with no writing on them.
Because you have an engineer who puts things in and doesn't make sure they work before he walks out the door.
Just like the day that he messed up our DCS that's got maybe 15 years worth of material in there.
And decided in the middle of August, or whenever it was, a couple of months ago,
he's going to make sure it's ready for the year 2000.
Did we need to have it popski around in August?
No.
Did he call the manufacturer of this system to find out how to do it to make sure that we don't want to get all losing all this stuff when we change the year to do that?
No.
No.
And so George had a crawl around on the floor for about 20 minutes,
rebooting this computer, rebooting that one, and popsking around to put the thing back together again.
So we could make noises like...
EEEGH!
Like that.
Which when you work here, you've got to be able to go like that.
EEEGH!
It's definitive.
That's the QAIM logo, the motto.
I'm sorry.
I don't...
But after a while, all excuses...
Well, he's overworked that he's...
I don't care.
All I know is that this room here, that I do this radio show in for the last several
weeks is a disaster and disintegrating rapidly.
It's getting worse by the minute.
We have to go through a song and a dance on a talk radio station to put a phone call
on the ear.
And Greg Reak can stand here and give me a song and a dance all he wants about how all
it's got because they're cheap.
They're willing to spend whatever it takes.
I got news for you, Mr. Reak.
There's plenty of good engineers in this town who work on a side, who work by the hour,
just like they did for Paxton, who will come in here and get things working right that
are supposed to be in here.
Not a jury-ring piece of third that George Corso sticks in here and then expects us to
do a go on ear and make magic with.
I shouldn't have said magic.
Maybe he'll be working over there next week.
We can only hope.
Every single thing that goes on here is a major long, tortuous stick.
You ought to see the construction project that's going up here on the third floor.
Is it done yet?
Eeeh!
Peace meal.
I think they're paying them by the minute, not by the hour.
I think they're paying the contractors by the minute.
It's like the day that the Eric conditioner went out 10 days ago.
Every single thing that could break down in a place of business.
Every single thing has done wrong in the last three, four weeks here.
Everything.
Not just most things.
Every goddamn thing.
Because you people over there in Naples, the beesleaves, who are giving all your money
to John Henry and Wayne Hypinga.
You people that we work our asses off here all day long, every day trying to grind all these spots through to make you the money.
So you can afford to be Mr. Big Shot Sports Guys.
You're an embarrassment.
You're humiliating.
You just don't want to cut loose and give us what we need.
How many days in a row did we have?
Line four doesn't work.
Line seven doesn't work.
Line eight is howling like Wolfman Jack.
Every goddamn time you turn around, it's another joke.
And the audience, I think, tunes in just out of a sense of sadism.
Let's see what kind of an ordeal it's going to be there.
And usually they don't get disappointed.
We never let you down.
Only some of us aren't going to survive much longer of this.
That's why I got to play in Thursday afternoon with the hopes of getting out of here.
And at least I did the right thing by any accounts.
You bet.
Avoid the storm and avoid more QA embarrassment at least up until today.
They don't get it.
These people are not broadcasters.
They're wannabes.
They're make believe.
They're airzats.
Sports bar with a microphone will be a compliment.
That would be an exaggeration.
I'm driving out of here to the airport on Thursday.
Tank, BFO, and head capitol are doing their show from Calder.
And I'm listening and they're going back and forth and bop bop bop.
And the first call, the first call on his sports bar with the microphone is,
Hey guys, what do you think of Buffalo when we get to Oakland minus three and a half?
And I got the CD into my player so fast.
You've never seen an old tag move so fast in your life.
Here's your field B.
Hello?
Hello Neil.
I love you so much.
Can't hear this caller.
Hello Neil.
Yes sir.
Yes, I love your column.
I love you show on the first time call.
I just wanted to say that you thought the meteorologist did a bad job.
You should have seen Rick Santas hyperventilating after Bill Kamala told him the hurricane was coming this way.
Exactly.
After Bill said that we were going to feel the effects from Irene, Rick Santas asked another and the award winning question.
He said, Bill, now that we know it's coming this way for sure, is there anything in your power that you can do to make this go away?
And Bill.
Oh, I'm gagging on it.
That's beautiful.
And Bill in disbelief looked at Rick and said, yes, I can blow really hard to the west.
Oh yeah.
And believe me in his case, I think he's been honest about it.
Exactly. Well, I love your show and I just had to get that on the air.
Thank you sir. I needed to laugh. Thanks a lot.
Okay, no problem.
No, I never thought to give me the laugh today.
Yeah, I think it might do the whole show through this day. But fitting with it with the ambiance is perfect.
WQAM where we can't get anything right.
By the way, how is that old J. Related Expense money coming from that gov to me?
No.
About that?
I'm certain. I don't, I just, what am I doing here?
I just need to lay down somewhere. I'm not joking.
My head is just swimming.
If you, if you could have told me that this could happen again today, I would have said, oh yeah, you want a kidder.
Then we could go through this embarrassment again today just to put a video show on.
We've been doing this here for two F and years.
March, April, May, June, July, August, September, F. October, almost eight months in this room.
And sure there have been, you know, we had problems in the beginning because the boss being a liar that he is, he got in a plane right off to Chicago because he knew that we didn't have the equipment ready yet.
And we knew it would probably be a disaster and it was so he bailed out.
He went into hiding.
Yeah, when things get tough, the cowardly go into hiding.
But somehow we managed to survive through that had that initial gigantic rating book and somehow for two years don't ask me how with mirrors, I guess we've had these tremendous numbers, all these spots.
And up until a couple of months ago, most of the stuff in here worked most of the time.
Am I right? Am I losing it? More, I mean, it wasn't great.
But when we came in in the morning, most days, as long as you would George remember to reboot the phone system after a while, because that started breaking up, but as long as that happened, we can get the calls on a year.
We can do a radio show.
But for some strange reason here, the last several weeks, every day, it's impossible to do a show at WQM in this room.
And then I over the weekend, I guess they had to play all tapes because they couldn't get any shows on here or something.
I don't know what that was all about. That's what I hear.
And the general manager is walking around going, come, come down, calm down. I don't want you to get excited. You know, calm down.
You'll come in here doing a show at calm down. We'll see how long you'll do it. Okay.
Mr. Sports Maven, Mr. Mogul, Mr. Genius, Mr. Rocket Scientist. Yeah.
It's just coming up on 11 o'clock. I feel like I've done an 85 mile marathon already.
And still can't read these numbers, by the way.
Here's four Myers. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing, buddy? I'm doing great, man.
At least, no, you're still alive. Yeah.
What you think is, I wear one of your ghost and Neil T-shirts around here.
Yeah. And at least one time, every time I wear it, it does get somebody to come out and he goes, that's what Neil looks like.
But the reason I call was, he said, you will be selling the CDs and four Myers. He had the specs here, locally.
Yes, sir. Any day now. We'll let you know.
Okay. Another thing is, what's with the center one, Neil Hotline? I've called it like three or four times.
It's just been an answering machine. Every time I left my name...
I've got a one Neil Hotline. What the hell is that?
It's something like one you have on a webpage. It's like where you can order it.
Order your stuff on the phone. It's always an answering machine. I left like three or four messages and they never call back.
Do you have anything about that? Probably there's a waiting for the disc show.
Yeah, but maybe it's in limbo because we didn't have the stuff yet.
Okay, well, it's just what it's called about. So keep it up, buddy.
Okay, thanks a lot, pal.
Yeah, the stuff will be in for me. It'll be all the specs in the next couple of days. We hope.
Oh, and also the key change with the buttons and all that. I don't want to talk about those until I have one.
Don't get me started on the center one thing, okay?
Because I do my best every year. But I would like to have this stuff in my hand.
And let me say it again in retrospect. Thank the Lord. Thank God.
But I asked Bluff to go over and give me that one CD that they when we did the thing inspection of that tremendous appearance.
Because if I wouldn't listen to it by now, can you even begin to imagine the catastrophe even the Japanese never saw a bomb like that?
1056 at 560 WQAM.
This station stands for nothing.
There, paints.
I don't think I'd like you anymore.
You used to watch me shave.
Now you do stare at the floor.
I don't like you anymore.
You used to be you and me a paper towel and a dirty mask.
That's all it needed to get mine.
Now it seems things change that I think that you're the one who's lying there.
I don't like you anymore.
He says, they're right.
I don't think I'd like you anymore.
Because when you get to drink it, you put in places I've never been before.
They're right.
I don't like you anymore.
Why can't we just get a grip on our random hand relation?
The terms are truly how we feel.
If we put our heads together, we just stay home forever.
I don't think I'd like you to ask her all.
Oh, and Rodney.
Wow, you're shaving my own hand.
We got heck at the cool city today.
He'll probably be out.
It's better than being in here.
We got to the books before baseball.
Maybe they'll sell out.
But I think they sold out that game finally.
A lot of open lines.
We had a whole bunch of calls on there before.
They either dropped off.
We're just pressing along.
560-050-050-050 on the AT&T line.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello, Rodney.
How are you doing?
I know you're home.
I know you have a lot of homeowners that listen to you guys.
You guys shop at home.
You come up with an item that you don't need.
You have to return it.
You can ask for your ID.
You can get it to the cops.
You can run your license.
If you have any outstanding ones,
pick it or anything.
There are a bunch of huge bags over there.
Shop at loads.
I got inside info.
You don't believe it.
Go to the Oakwood Pryor home people.
They're going to ask you for your ID.
They're going to try to run your license and get you arrested.
Okay, we'll try to bail you out.
There's a jailbird.
I guess if you look like some ordinary guy who's bringing something back,
they probably won't run their license.
If you look like someone's speaker in the parking lot,
they might just run your license.
Don't be knocking home depot.
We love home depot, don't we?
Yeah, there you go.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's Bokeh, hello.
Okay, nice talking to you too.
Here's the mobile and four-letter mail.
There you go.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, why do you always make fun of me?
What does that question mean, sir?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Anybody got anything to say today about the hurricane,
about the weather people, about bedmitter,
about anything else I've been talking about?
Now is the time, because if it ain't going to happen now,
believe me, the music comes out.
Trust me when I tell you.
So it's up to you guys.
Here's the lady in the four-letter mail, hello.
Hi, Nail.
Yes, ma'am.
Maybe we can all get a group raid on flooded.
Can't hear you.
Can't hear this caller worth a crap.
Maybe we can all get...
Now can you hear me?
Yeah.
Now I'm lying down as you recommend.
Good, yeah, that's what I need to do.
Yeah, sir, do you think you should have put a couch in there instead of whatever you're sitting?
Yeah, we need a psychiatric in this place.
This is about your crazy people.
Trust me, the psychiatrist.
The sales department is totally out of control.
They haven't got the foggiest idea.
They could be selling shoes on a street corner for all of them.
They don't even understand what this place is all about.
So what do you want from people who work for money?
Yeah.
Next time I'm going to be born rich.
I'm glad you mentioned your stock investments because I'm calling about a stock kit
I know you'll want to run out and invest or go for your E-trade or whatever.
Did you hear Martha Stewart went IPO this morning?
Really?
Yeah.
And...
You know what?
IPO's out on Geneva, folks.
Yes.
So if you want to run out and buy her stock, which I do not recommend.
Okay, thanks, sweetheart.
You're welcome.
Bye-bye.
Okay, there you go.
Martha Stewart stayed the hell away.
And she smells bad too, by the way.
5670560.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Hollywood, hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you today?
Great.
Never been better, sir.
Let me ask you one quick question before I want to talk about something else.
Yes.
One of the last times you guys had a completely glitch free show, it seems like...
Hi, my memory isn't that good.
Hi, exactly.
What I wanted to talk about was this whole thing with the coverage of the hurricanes
between the Floyd and this last one.
You know, it's been my observation.
First of all, the cable goes out pretty quickly and then the power goes out.
And you've got... I just think it's such a waste of money.
When you think about, you got this, I think like four different...
I think 39 does a broadcast of it too.
You got four different stations just spending tons of money to cover the same thing
that their only source of information is from the National Hurricane Center.
It's not like they can out scoop each other on a story.
I just think that it's just a waste of money to...
You don't understand.
You say a waste of money.
These people are already around their payroll.
They're already getting paid.
They're doing it for ratings.
They're not doing it as a community service.
They're doing it to try to see who can be the biggest hero like Brian Rorcross
in times of National disaster and to try to boost their ratings up.
That's what they're doing it for.
Well, you know, and they do...
They're not spending money because they want to be benevolent in the protected community.
That's a bunch of bull crap.
Well, they do.
I mean, you see now I think I saw one on Channel 6, the NBC affiliate has a promo.
We covered the storm the best because of experience and blah, blah, blah.
Yeah, because we got an old fart like Ike Siemens in the newsroom
and we'll keep calling up the Morning Show on QAM making a fool out of himself.
With a bad cell phone.
Right.
But I think...
With a bulletin that John Henry wants to build a stadium.
But...
Alright, you know, but anyway, that's just the point.
I just think it's just a total waste.
I think it's ridiculous.
Well, by you see, you're looking at a perfect world.
You're looking at the world where the media are supposed to be here to serve us
and pass information along.
And it could just all pipe in, as you say, to the National Hurricane Center,
which did a crappy job in his case anyway.
But nevertheless, they could just pipe that in and put it on there
and without all the histrionics and without the people jumping up and down.
Well...
But that's not what they're there for.
Well, they're for ratings.
Well, but you see this country is built on the idea of competition.
And that's why they do this.
It's all about what you're saying.
We did the best job, where the heroes, that kind of thing.
And you see, in certain things, people in this country have to realize
that competition isn't always good.
I know that's why if you say that, it's like...
Sir, I'm just repeating yourself.
It's not going to change.
They're its cuts wrote.
They're out there to get their ratings into a steelie audience.
That's what they're out to do.
Here's the fact that this is absolutely...
No one has mentioned the fact that thousands of children in Dayton,
and Brad County would have been in danger if there wouldn't have been a teacher's work day
for a no-school for students on Friday.
See, I wasn't here.
I wasn't even aware of that.
Many kids don't get released from school until late afternoon,
right on time for these kids who have gotten wiped out on Friday.
The hurricane center blows, so says the facts.
Nice going, Erser.
Man, whoever that was.
Good point.
Thank the Lord.
Thank God.
That it was the teacher's work day on Friday, and the kids were out of school.
Because once again, the media just, you know,
fumbling all around all over the place, and they just can't get it right.
And how come with Floyd?
It was like, well, we can't be absolutely sure.
But let's do this, and let's do that, and take the precaution.
And with this one, when we already knew that it was going to come,
and the very least, the eye of the hurricane was going to pass on the west coast of Florida,
and if it went a little bit to Northeast, could come right by here.
Why wasn't it a little bit more caution involved in this one?
Can anybody answer that question?
No.
Oh.
9 minutes after 11, it's 5.60 W.A.
And we've got two sets of rents.
Two boobs can be like the fun.
Oh, right.
God, these are Twitter brands, and I think I'll get off.
Double D, think I'll come.
She's got me huffing, pumping with all of my clothes off.
Double D, think I'll come.
I'm so erect, any minute I'll go.
She's giving me one hell of a penny show.
Well, I'm a ditty heaven, going to have some fun.
And the best part about it is she wants one tonight.
Well, I'm a ditty heaven, get that on the couch.
Well, I'm a ditty heaven, got a boomer in my mouth.
Two boobs can be like the fun.
Two boobs can be like the fun.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
I'm 14 at 5.60 QM.
Sorry, another amazing thing.
All I got to do is get to a couple of days
and right away the roof caves in.
Come to find out that Brooke Daniels
with her point, the 0,000 share of the audience.
Yesterday said the F word on the ear.
Intentionally, and didn't dump it.
And then the producer gets suspended because she says it on the ear.
And the producer didn't dump it.
Larry, the producer, whoever the hell that is.
Oh, but Anne, I don't know what they're worried about.
Nobody would hear it anyway.
I'm next, y'all.
It's effort, John penis, who says he can't turn it off
because he never heard anything so bad in his life.
What was the purpose of that?
Why did she say the F word on the ear?
Well, she was distraught about the boyfriend.
Who left her?
Puppy?
Whatever its name was?
Oh, that's a whole different ball of wax again.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Only in Miami, folks.
Just like me, it says only in the Banana Republic,
only in Miami because this bitch be on the ear.
See, now it comes a little bit not starting to get a little bit hairy
for me with these numbers.
Okay, when it gets the...
Here's Miami Beach. Hello?
Yes, I know how you doing.
Okay, so you're never better.
Okay, you'll just want to say a few carnwards
for the weather department, they were right.
About what?
We didn't have hurricane winds here in Dave County.
Maximum sustained winds in Miami Beach,
which I think were the highest just about anywhere.
We're only 60 miles per hour.
Oh, what a bargain.
They did issue tropical storm warnings for Dave County.
Yeah.
Now, if the government officials don't read the advisories
and don't eat the warning, that's their fault.
But the weather bureau, they were right
and not issuing hurricane warnings for the beach.
We didn't have hurricane winds.
Maybe people are underestimating what a tropical storm can do.
There, sir, when a weather people come on the ear,
when they come on the ear and they describe,
that's supposed to be their job, they're meteorologists, most of them.
And that's supposed to be their job is to explain to the public
what the dangers are.
We're not talking about semantics.
Is it a tropical storm? Is it a hurricane?
How much rain could we potentially have?
How serious could the flooding be?
How much danger are we in?
How much of a storm?
And it doesn't make any difference what the semantics are.
Well, they blew it.
If you've got a beef with the local weather men on TV,
then you may be right.
But the hurricane...
Sir, you can keep telling me about the hurricane center
from now until the cows come home.
But nobody watches the hurricane center.
They're all getting the news from the news people
on their local TV channels.
And you know that as well as I do.
So go off-floating the hurricane.
God, my pedantic friend.
56670560, pound 560 on the 8th.
You know, people could be drowning out there.
Maybe some of them are right now.
There's still people who are like stranded.
And this guy's giving us a semantics...
Well, you know, technically the hurricane center was correct.
And the hurricane...
Get lost.
Go away.
You give me mental hemorrhoids.
Okay, they blew it.
They sucked. They stunk.
They get all hysterical about the one.
And we said, here we watch Floyd.
We watch it pass by.
We're all singing.
Sometimes I think there's hurricane pass in us by.
And it's it.
It's it.
And there's that little mayor on there.
That's it. That's it.
Oh, you're not getting hysterical.
Yeah, I want you to get hysterical.
I want to win some brownie points on this.
You already got enough brownie points.
Already Mr. Brownie hound.
You piece of crap.
And so there just...
There is no credibility here anymore.
The weather people have totally lost their credibility.
They zig when they should zag.
They zag when they should zig.
And the main time the public doesn't know what their scream.
Or go see the vet middle of concerts.
Which I still have nobody who's called a show yet.
Because you're all too embarrassed that you went.
And I'd be embarrassed too.
If it would have been a goddamn backstreet boys concert.
And I have these tickets in my pocket for the front row.
And it would have been like the weather was here Friday.
And I lived four minutes from the arena.
And they would have said, oh, guess what?
There's still going to be a bit...
When I have gone.
No. No, of course not.
Of course not.
You know, it had to be a crazy person to go there.
Unless maybe you had some hip boots.
Since you know that the parking lot there floods.
They have no drainage there.
Both at the sawgrass mills outlet mall.
And at the macarena.
No drainage at all.
So why don't I take a little rowboat and your hip boots?
And go over and see that bitch-bett midwear.
The more I think about that bitch.
Self-serving, arrogant, obnoxious bitch.
And then they went back to watch her Sunday night.
Oh, she was great.
To her. Okay, that's what I say.
Here's a mobile and sunrise. Hello.
Mobile and sunrise.
You having a meal?
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
I just want to say that the weatherman is kind of sub big, okay?
Okay, thank you.
Okay, thanks.
They suck.
Well, we know that.
In fact, I could give you some names specifically, but we better not.
They suck a lot. How's that?
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
There's an article in this morning's Harold Section B.
Official brought two guns to MIA.
I have it right here.
Did you read that?
I had it.
I read it.
Did you read the drill for Miami Dout School or Vice-Termin?
Did you write to a Perez? Yes.
Carries two guns to the airport.
He's an asshole.
And it says here, the state's attorney.
We have to evaluate whether the incident was accidental or intentional.
Yeah.
What the hell is this?
How the dental rate?
Maybe the guns got in there by themselves.
They need to put in the middle.
They don't have legs these days, right?
That's right.
I'm telling you.
And this guy is going to Tallahassee to meet with legislators to discuss.
Putting metal detectors in schools.
He's a guy that was instrumental here in Dave County for it.
Right.
Only in the banana republic.
I guess he's just doing a little test.
You know, he's doing a little road.
I want to make sure they work.
And he said he was brave.
Please, this he that they work so well.
Only in Miami.
Right.
Have a great one.
And thank you so much.
Maybe he could coach the Cowboys now.
They had a tough time last night.
Maybe he could be, I mean, the poor, what's his name there?
He got caught with a gun in the airport.
He's out.
5670560, pound 56 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I just wanted to mention there's an article in the Daily Business Review.
About the hurricane's void and the coverage.
Yes.
So they write that over there that the reporters, meteorologists, some of them,
the reporters had around the beach and they said they would put the KGB to shame in their
currications over there.
I agree very much with you that they just hog around and they make a big stick about the...
Yeah, they're not there to do any public service.
They're there to be his, his, his, their records they possibly can.
And to see you can win the most brownie points, you get the most viewers.
They're there for ratings.
Everything they do is for ratings.
I mean, they, they, so there's a big puddle in the middle of the street.
So they bring out other reporters and they're watching the Metz game tonight to go and they keep saying
so power out at your 15,000.
So they can, they'll go to the World Care somebody power out at just their own, they're counting.
Okay, and thank you.
Where was he going with that?
Anybody else?
No.
No, we don't care if your power is out, we don't care because unless you got a battery operator or you're not listening anyway.
But what does that mean?
We don't care.
Call us bastard.
5670560, 0560.
10, that's what they all would like to tell you.
We care the most.
Working for you.
World, that channel 4 is the, oh, we're working for you.
Yeah.
We're working to solve your problem.
You're not working for anything except to get the ratings in and get the money in.
Okay, stop lying to the public.
Even a goddamn gullible TV viewing public out there isn't that stupid.
Are they?
Yeah!
5670560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Hmm.
Feel some good green mucus coming up.
Real good one.
Here's Pembert Pine.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How's it going?
Great.
Boy, I tell you last three hurricanes, they were wrong where it was going.
Yeah.
I mean, how could you have any confidence in them?
You can't.
I mean, it's incredible.
I mean, the one time maybe I needed to put up my shutters.
I mean, we didn't have any wind.
I live in Pembert Pine.
Yeah, I come out of the house.
Well, 60 mile an hour winds.
I would say, I mean, I don't know about you, but I mean, they're saying to me there were 60 mile an hour winds.
And I know a lot of people that did have a lot of wind and a lot of damage and rain came in and they got a mess.
No, I don't have any wind damage.
I don't have any, I live on tap, tap, and full mangoes.
So the roads were flooded.
Yeah.
But they still was able to drive that, that next morning.
Hmm.
I mean, so how flooded really was it?
I mean, see, I had to go slow.
I mean, I couldn't go speeding.
It was sunny in the 70 in Toronto on Saturday, by the way.
Well, it was sunny here.
We just had a lot of water.
Oh.
But there's no substantial damage.
No substantial damage.
I mean, there's no furniture floating around.
By you, you're talking about it.
Yeah, well, I was in Pembert, or five.
I mean, the tap was still flooded.
But even the houses they showed me, they were.
And it all depends on where you were.
It was very freaky because I know out by me, which is always the worst out there in the acres.
Yeah.
There's very little visible now.
And yet, not that far north of Sunrise, the next mile north is Oakland Park.
And Oakland Park Boulevard, a lot of it is still at least as a yesterday, was still shut down.
Because you know, the thing was, you know, when they showed like North Carolina and even in Jersey,
when the river is flooded, and people have four feet, eight feet of water in their house,
I mean, that was a flood.
Yeah.
I mean, this, I mean, the shone houses and sweet water that have three inches, and they're like,
oh, my God, how are these people up?
They don't have insurance.
How are they ever going to recoup?
How are they going to come back from this?
I'm like, well, kind of squeeze the stuff out and get a hair dryer.
Yeah, I'm running down squeeze it.
Okay, thanks a lot.
Okay, so basically what these callers are saying is, you people that do have a lot of flooding and a lot of damage,
we don't care.
Okay.
We just don't care.
Screw you.
That's what they're saying.
I mean, I can't speak for them.
It's America.
They want to say the thing, and that's what they want to say.
It's up to you.
Because after all this is Florida.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
We apologize profusely for the fact that we work for a net management that can't seem to get us straight now,
whether it was that golf tournament, whether it's a center one campaign or a promotional department,
a TV campaign.
We ran last year that we saw embarrassing with the pasty makeup, whatever it is that they do,
it's always embarrassing.
They just can't get it right.
One of these days though, one of these days we'll come in here.
Everything in a studio will work.
Anybody believe that?
Come on.
Here's a lady in the four-letter deal.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
I like to come in on this storm.
I don't think, like, cable went out, and the only channel I could get in halfway clear with Channel 7.
Oh, you did have problems.
Well, you know, they didn't cover Brad County.
We got an elbow room story that lasts an hour and a half or two.
They had a tornado there and some overturned cars.
Right.
And into their broadcast, I keep running to my backyard, which is a lake,
and it's coming up onto my porch, which is, I don't know, 10, 12 feet,
and then a wind would come, and I'm getting waves on my porch.
And I run back to the TV set, and they're saying, now we're trying to get you,
get the equipment in so we can take pictures of these overturned cars.
Right.
And what I'm wanting to hear is the storm has left Miami,
and you have a half an hour that will run the tail end of it from someone.
And I'm wondering, should I turn the electricity off in my house if the water comes in?
And I'm looking in the newspaper to see where there's a new station.
I can't get anything in the radio about the storm.
Right.
Are you sure we can get it here? That's for damn sure.
Yeah, I was home alone in the house, and it was, uh,
should I go outside and wait in that water to be my box outside to turn the electrical off?
And I'm just wanting to know why Broward County wasn't covered better.
They went to beach, and I think that was their one station, until later on in the aftermath,
I think some people were electrocuted out with.
Right.
And then they, they, all of a sudden they got hysterical and started going out there, right?
Well, I don't live on the beach. I have sympathy for the people that, you know,
that got injured at the elbow wound.
Well, I think the bottom line is they did a really embarrassingly bad job.
All of them.
And I disagree with that previous caller.
People could not drive down six Avenue.
There was four yellow caps stuck, and...
No, but you've got to understand, a lot of these people, they live in this very little narrow world,
and if it didn't affect right where they are, then they don't care.
They're oblivious and always much into about nothing.
And they're very...
They're very...
They're very myopic and very selfish and very ignorant attitude.
And all these horses and cows that they're raised, you know, well, anyway,
OK.
I just thought it was pork cut.
Glad you survived.
Thank you.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
See, that's the Florida way though, the other two guys.
Yeah, we don't care.
It was not no big deal by us, but to everybody else.
Nice.
That would be like after Hurricane Andrew Sam, you know, that was only down there, we down there in South Bay,
it all was great pickers, and all of a...
You know, we don't care about those people.
Nice.
Very nice.
That's Sally Fitzsend.
Get out of the way out.
1127 at 560 WQM.
I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers.
Hi, I'm Ed Buford, a Buford dancer.
Licker and guns.
We have the largest selection of booze and firearms in the state.
And, personally, it's just you, and choosing a correct alcoholic beverage and whether...
We're just outing.
Going square-a-hunting?
And you'll love our low prices on Shnaps and Hangry Nate.
Live it in the city.
Shnaps on our deal on hand.
Guns of California 1.
Maybe you aren't interested in hunting or self-defense.
Maybe you just like to get drunk and shoot a mailbox.
Well, we've got Dallin' Jets of Wild Turkey and 44 Magnum Shales on sale.
This week only.
We're open 24 hours.
We've never checked IDs, and we're in our approved.
So come on down to Buford's liquor and guns, where everything leaves loaded.
It's 1132 at 560 WQM.
Oh, and Josie Lambeet has a scathing attack here.
Nice going there, Josie.
I'm Pet Midler.
Who I guess she thinks that her stuff don't stink is what it is.
It's not even a real storm she was overheard saying, I'm here.
I'm ready to go.
That was Friday night.
When it became clear to her that the show would be postponed, the diva tried to have Saturday's
Panthers game rescheduled for Sunday, so her highness could perform on Saturday.
And Arena official said, no, no.
We don't change hockey games or sporting events, so a fat bitch like you can go on and...
Make a lot of noise.
When Arena officials held Fashie agreed to Sunday's gig.
At the end, St. Erhead's prevailed, thank God, said, that's it, or boss Bob Duet.
Midler, who stayed at the Grand Bay Hotel in the Grove, got to the arena shortly after 3 p.m.
Friday, after a nearly two-hour ride through horrendous weather.
For her safety, she wrote in a suburban instead of a limo.
After her arrival, the weather worsened, the mid-nature declared, she wanted Governor Jeb Bush to declare an emergency before canceling.
She wanted to go. She wanted the Governor to declare an emergency.
The best arena officials could do was an emergency declaration from the county manager she finally gave in.
She caved in that big fat bitch.
While then close to 1,000 people, some of them had paid $150 for a ticket.
We're in the arena, including Remurn's wife.
Can you believe that we're 998 other people so idiotic?
So ridiculous, so embarrassing, as to show up there through a hurricane?
Through 60, 65 mile an hour winds and feet of rain in flooded parking lots.
Friday, I was all set to go on, but they handed me a piece of paper that said I couldn't Midler set from the state to the 14,000 fans at her Sunday show.
Neither Rain or Slate nor a blowhard like Irene can keep my fans away, she said.
Blow this bitch. There you go, Bett Midler.
Bigger than the rest of the world. Don't you understand?
Neither Rain nor Slate, natural disasters are going to repeat her thing. She's too important.
Here's Carl Springs. Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir. Well, at least we showed it showed how vulnerable we are.
Imagine if Irene had been a category three hurricane.
Yeah.
I mean, Broward would have been just a complete disaster.
And as far as the four-letter words go, I don't know if anybody told you about the series Chicago Hope on TV Thursday.
Oh, yeah. You know something that's very sad.
This country is so immature that they had to make a big story out of the fact they said,
S.H. on Chicago Hope, you know, like, while are we making some progress?
Exactly, but the FCC isn't going to find NBC. They're not going to be finding Chicago Hope.
So I'm wondering, how come the FCC decides you can use a four-letter word, one situation, but you can't use it in another term?
Oh, because it was very important for them to put the word shit in there because it had to do with the literary value of the program.
So now the FCC is going to make themselves literary critics?
That's correct.
Well, that's absolutely absurd.
There you go.
How can they decide what's in good terms with that?
We can't say any of the words just like I said it.
We can say any of the words, I mean, we usually don't because we don't want to press our luck, but you can say any of the words,
but it all has to do on the intent.
And of course, being mind readers up there at the FCC, they read your mind.
Well, understand. You had a couple of bits that you played.
So in other words, if I were going to say they're full of and use the same word that I used the moment ago, then they'd get upset about that.
So I'll say they're full of crap.
Well, you had a few bits that you got in trouble with, I think, the one that was won.
Right.
And I don't understand how they can proceed with prosecuting you when letting this stuff go on NBC.
It's just absurd.
Well, see, American F and Wayman.
Well, it should be a good defense for you, Neil.
Okay, I agree with that.
Well, they're not prosecuting me. They don't prosecute anybody. They find the station.
And of course, Tom Zick has still hasn't discovered that story.
No.
Because Tom Zick had been a great journalist cover whatever he reported that he is.
He doesn't care about freedom of speech, things like that.
Major, major story.
And this guy raises a very good point that if Tom Zick ahead of brain, which he doesn't, but if he did, he'd be writing about that.
That evidently according to the literary value of the show, they felt it would take something out if they took, you know, SHH.
Wasn't the line a crap happens?
Wasn't that it?
I think that's what I don't want to show.
I don't know.
But in that case, it's okay.
But if it has something to do with the artistic or literary or comedic value of this radio show or any other radio show, then right away we're going to find you.
5, 6, 7, 05.
See, if this place ought to be fine, it shouldn't be for words on a year.
It should be for incompetence.
It should be for what they're doing to people.
It should be for what they did at that golf tournament for the unconscionable way that this operation is right.
See, this is good now because now it's like they're naked.
The emperor has no clothes at all. He's just standing there naked as a jabourde.
And everybody's kind of looking at this whole operation over there and going, why?
He's got a point, you know.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing today?
Great.
The only thing that really irritates me about the local stations is the arrogance they display.
On Friday, when you were leaving town, they have the wind is blowing and everything's going crazy.
And Jacky Ness Brawl, that air-headed twig.
She's a real bitch.
As soon as they take a teleprompter away from these people, you can tell they have no brain inside this skull whatsoever.
She's sitting on the air. It's 4.30 in the afternoon. I'm watching this thing. There's nothing else on my dishes.
They're out.
And she says, oh, we just called, but it's called a county line Lexus,
to find out if people should be driving around with their hazard lights on.
Now, did they ever cut it into maybe call a highway patrol, a police department, something like that?
Of course not.
And then does this bitch so stupid she doesn't understand that it's illegal to drive with your hazard lights on?
And then 5 seconds of she goes, oh, and we just got a call from this Florida highway patrol saying that people shouldn't drive with their hazard lights on.
And he's sitting there and throwing bricks at the street.
Yeah, not that much.
I can't have an abimbo on it.
No, there's one on the...
The Merge Monday.
Yesterday morning.
Putting on the news, it's like 7 o'clock in the morning.
There's the local...
Is that Alicia Ortega, another dumb twit.
Yeah.
She's on TV and she goes, and here...
And I thought to myself, here it comes. She says, we're going to preempt the...
Today show, and here was her exact words, because we feel we need to guide you some more.
They need to guide us for another hour on a Monday to show us people who are still ringing out pots and pans, whatever.
I mean, they're going to...
They feel they need to guide us.
That's the height of Eric and for one.
I hate to write the news to them, but now the cow is out of the barn all the way.
50 miles down the road.
Well, the bladder...
They've made guidance yesterday.
They needed it on Friday and Thursday and Saturday and over the weekend.
Well, they were telling us that the cows, the bladders, were going to explode if they didn't get milked on time.
Yeah.
And I thought, hey, that's...
Fine, leave the picture.
I'll leave the cow.
Leave the helicopter over the cows.
You know?
Some exploding cows, might not be so bad.
30 share, I say.
At least.
Okay.
Thanks for the good news.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Take a deep breath.
No, no, this is unacceptable, see.
I mean, Adam Silverstein turns out to be another one of these guys down there in the sales department who just doesn't get it.
He doesn't want to get it.
See, if they understood the formatics of this radio statement, the problems that we have in keeping the people on hold as it is.
Would he's a for a newscast that we do every hour?
If I actually did the stuff that they gave to me here, we wouldn't have any show.
All spots all day.
All spots radio.
Just take the R out.
All spots radio.
Hey, it's big in a spot.
The sports leader.
Sports radio, 5, 60, 2 a.m.
I just wasn't conscious.
There's something wrong with our TV.
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
Everybody got that schedule straightened up.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I'm not going to get it.
I was wondering if you saw the television section of the Herald today.
About our dictator Mayor Rao Martinez Halia.
Yes, I did see that.
And you know something?
I don't care if the kid weighed 150 pounds.
What was that punk doing out there disrupting traffic anyway?
He was just looking to be a part of this group of rowdy people in the street.
And I say hats off to Rao Martinez.
Beat him up again is what I say.
But why can't they turn around and fool Rao?
They are.
He started it.
Are they?
Isn't that what it said?
That's what it said.
They were going to throw this kid in jail.
Yeah.
And now it turns around the dropping hole charges.
And does it say anything about the kid turning around and throwing the mayor?
Why can't they charge the mayor?
If the photo shows him hitting the kid.
Maybe I'm losing my mind.
Let me find the story.
Okay.
It's in the Herald.
What page?
On the page.
6E.
6E.
Now that's in the Bade section.
Right.
I'll find it.
I'll get to it.
That's not what I thought.
I thought the kid was suing the mayor.
Isn't that what the story was?
Huh?
Where the hell is my story?
See, this is the problem when you got a goddamn newspaper.
That puts out two different sections.
Oh, here he is.
He's right.
It is 60.
It says, um...
The state attorney's off his dropped all charges.
Against the mayor of the bill.
And maybe he doesn't say his suing the mayor.
Well, what about the hell does he suing?
In addition to which, what was he doing out there in the first place?
Like I said before, besides being a punk and disrupting traffic and, you know, grabbing a...
I have no respect for people that do that.
Nice going there.
Pick on a small guy.
That's always the way to do it.
He's not going to pick on some 250-pound guy.
It's going to beat the crap out of him.
He picks on a little guy.
Beats the crap out of him and uses him as an example.
That should be a message to all your kids out there.
If you're going to beat somebody up in school, they'll pick on somebody at twice your size.
Pick up on some little wippy kid and beat the crap out of him.
And then they will fear you.
At least all little wippy kids will fear you.
The big ones will kick the start out of your ass.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the eat.
They're just obsessed with that thing with that channel set up.
And again, channel 7, Exploring a situation again.
Over and over again for funding profit because they found it on the tape.
Here's a mobile and pomato park.
Hello.
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
So, down here, Neil, you have to watch all the local yokels on the news squatting over their maps
and looking at the radars and all those other crap.
That's the way to find out what the weather is going to be is look out through window.
And I want to say to all the douchebags in Indian trail who never let our canal water down,
we're going to purchase scumbags.
Thank you.
Okay, good luck, sir.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
Well, let's find out if we have one person called us yet who was at the VetMidlark concert Sunday night.
No.
Who actually showed up there on Friday?
No.
I wouldn't admit it either.
I'd be embarrassed.
See, Rimmer, he admits it because we already know he's that cheap that he wouldn't give up his $150 piece tickets.
That I believe he actually paid for him, which is definitely going to get those up.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's a lady, a mobile in somewhere.
I couldn't read this thing if you paid me.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
I heard you earlier talking about the Atkins diet.
Yes, ma'am.
I just want to tell you it works and it's safe.
Well, are you telling me something I don't know.
I've been the main tower of the Atkins for five years down here.
You have?
Yes, ma'am.
Didn't know that.
Well, there you go.
Huh.
Well, I think people would read about it, at least read the books.
Well, they must be reading the book because it's still number two on the paperback bestseller and it's been out for five or six years now.
Wow.
But the problem is a lot of people are lazy, so they'll call up and say, well, I hear about the Atkins.
How do I do it?
I always say, well, why don't I start by reading the book would be good.
Right?
Yeah, just need to get educated about it.
Right.
Okay, thanks.
Okay.
Bye.
Yeah, this American Dietetic Association.
Let me say it again.
You people ought to hang your heads and shame along with most of the physicians in this country.
We have an epidemic of fat.
More people dying from fat.
By far, then dying from cigarettes.
And yet the government is so righteous about the cigarette that tobacco companies and they're lying.
Well, how about the food companies?
Are they lying too?
Wonder bread makes strong body seven ways.
Wonder bread kills people, okay?
It's goddamn crap is what it is.
All that stuff.
Refine carbohydrates kill.
And especially if you have diabetes.
I don't tell that the American Diabetes Association that is still doing their,
whatever the hell they call that thing, the balanced dough.
It's from the food groups all at bulk.
That's bull crap.
The pyramids came.
Yeah, the pyramids.
It's a pyramids game, right?
You're a bunch of idiots.
You just try doing that American Diabetes Association diet and then start taking your blood sugar every few hours and watch it skyrocket to the goddamn moon.
Jackie Gleason will be proud.
Even Alice never went to the moon that fast.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
Here's a call from Naples.
Hello?
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
Well, there goes the Wonder Bread account.
I have any Wonder Bread accounts.
I can tell what.
Hey, I found the curious when his storm came through that once it reached 75 miles an hour and they declared it a hurricane.
But for the next 18 or 20 hours, the speed never changed.
It didn't go to 74 miles an hour.
It didn't go to 76.
It was always right on 75.
Yeah.
And as I approached Naples because they were saying we might get it first, they were preparing us for 40 not gusts.
I said to my wife, where's the 75 mile an hour wind?
She said, well, that thing was going to stay at 75 miles an hour, come hell or high water, until everybody milked it.
How the hell are you going to get it worth?
Well, what does that mean?
Well, I don't think they'd tell us if it had dropped back to tropical storm strength.
Well, let me ask you, did you have any damage over there?
No, we missed it.
It went over to toward you guys.
So what are you belly-iccing about?
Well, I'm not except that they kept saying this hurricane, this hurricane hurricane, for all we knew it was less than that, but nobody was about to admit that blow there.
So in other words, you're telling us now that they lie about the wind strength, too?
Yeah, I would either they blow there or it was going, but they lie about it.
I wouldn't be surprised.
Some kind of a communist conspiracy theory.
Well, maybe they've easily had something to do with it.
How do you explain for 18 hours it was exactly 75 miles an hour?
I don't know.
I'm not a meteorologist, I have no idea.
Once it got out in the Atlantic, then they said, oh, it's 80 miles an hour.
All I know is that Floyd, that we were tracking for days and days that we had much greater warning on, that that reached a certain, whatever the hell it was, intensity.
And it stayed the same for a very long time, also for many, many hours.
Exactly.
So what's the problem with that?
Well, I don't think that's the way Hurricane's works are. Are you a meteorologist?
Oh, right.
Okay, thank you.
Sounds like a commie plot to me.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
I guarantee it by two o'clock.
Now, one person will call his show, who went to the, there were thousand people.
Went to bed middle of Friday night at the Macarena.
Oh, and then by the way, there were some people wondering, gee, how come we had such crappy attendance at the Panther Games Saturday?
14,000 some odd tickets sold, and I don't know how many showed up.
Maybe we'll get a spy report on that.
How many actually were in there?
I hate to break the news to you, but after they had the one debacle there the night before, after the parking lot is flooded,
and after a lot of people also are flooded in, maybe a lot of people were going to take their lives in their hands again.
You think that might have had a little bit of something to do with it?
Uh-huh. Could be.
Here's a mobile and coconut creek. Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes.
How you doing?
Okay.
Neil, I was calling just to say that, first of all, everybody that's breaking about the so-called Hurricane Center,
this guy that they all think is the other god beside you, Jerry Gerald.
Yeah.
He predicted that this thing was not coming our way.
Right.
He said it right on television.
Did he really?
Yes, he did.
So he blew it.
So he's one of the morons down there in the Hurricane Center that screwed up.
Yeah, and then he actually did make that.
Yeah, and then he actually said that it was not coming here.
Well, he said that it was not coming to us.
It was going to Naples, and we were only going to get the else skirts of that storm.
So, I mean, everybody that's saying that the National Hurricane Center did nothing wrong,
right there. They did something wrong.
You can't say it's not coming this way.
Say that it may not come this way or whatever.
In addition to which, if they would have been doing their job right,
there's no reason in the world why any of the other people don't know nor cross to any of the other ones.
Why they would have contradicted them?
Maybe they don't do that.
Right.
They might have embellished a little bit if they want, you know, for effect like Brian hyperventilates,
but they certainly would have been contradicted the forecast.
Exactly.
The other thing was that what I call a moron that called you a little while ago and said,
how we don't have it that bad, these people with only four inches of water in the living room
and all that about in other people in North Carolina.
And to ask him, what about the lives we lost in that four inches of water?
Mm-hmm.
There's people like it if he lost his whole family.
You don't understand. He doesn't care.
He's another one of these assholes who only cares about what it's likely to know about a three block radius of where he is,
and other than that, he doesn't care.
That's the Florida way, man.
Right. Well, Neil, you're still gone.
Okay.
We'll talk to you later.
Hang in there.
5-6705-60.
So Jerry, Jerry, while you screwed up, you old farted the National Hurricane Tech.
Because when I left here on Thursday, I thought, well, you know, I'm going to miss some nasty rains over the weekend,
but didn't think I was going to miss the end of the world,
or that there would be 15 and 20 issues of rain here,
and all this flooding and people having a nervous breakdown and power out for outages for over a million people.
What did I say? Power out for artages?
Whatever the hell I said.
You know what I'm talking about?
You know what I'm talking about?
No.
Too bad.
Get with it.
In fact, I get off Saturday morning, I turn on the TV.
Oh, and by the way, remember the guy that called us last Thursday?
And was asking me, do I believe in the yin and the yang and the balance?
And said we were going to have, because they had the hurricane and the earthquake in Turkey,
there was going to be a massive earthquake in California in December 22nd.
He called while you were gone, too.
I bet he did.
Well, guess what?
Now, you're over two months off, asshole.
We can't use forecasting like that.
1157, a QAM.
Now, we can't use any help.
I can't use the force of our day.
From the creators of the fabulous show, who wants to be a millionaire is?
Who wants to live in a trailer park?
Okay, for 35 food stamps, a child will have an IQ of four.
If your sister has sex with A, her brother.
That's me.
B, her cousin.
Oh, it's Jesserol.
C, the town idiot.
Hey, that's me, too.
Or D, the family dog.
Scrubby?
I don't know that.
I didn't get no babies from it.
So I'm going to have to go with A, her brother.
May.
Final answer.
Yeah.
And the answer is, yeah.
Either A or C, because you are her brother and the town idiot.
And you do, in fact, have a son with an IQ of four, don't you?
Yeah.
A sub-trying to see if your bum crack, Billy Joe Bumps.
And smiles in the cameras.
And then, you know, I'm going to have to go to the next one.
And then, you know, I'm going to have to go to the next one.
And then, you know, I'm going to have to go to the next one.
And then, you know, I'm going to have to go to the next one.
And then, you know, I'm going to have to go to the next one.
And then, you know, I'm going to have to go to the next one.
And then, you know, I'm going to have to go to the next one.
And then, you know, I'm going to have to go to the next one.
And then, you know, I'm going to have to go to the next one.
And then, you know, I'm going to have to go to the next one.
And then, you know, I'm going to have to go to the next one.
And then, you know, I'm going to have to go to the next one.
And then, you know, I'm going to have to go to the next one.
And then, you know, I'm going to have to go to the next one.
And then, you know, I'm going to have to go to the next one.
And then, you know, I'm going to have to go to the next one.
And then, you know, I'm going to have to go to the next one.
And then, you know, I'm going to have to go to the next one.
And then, you know, I'm going to have to go to the next one.
Oh, Tommy, by the way, lives in a trailer.
I shouldn't know that anybody walks around with here like that, lives in a trailer park.
Lovely. Look at that.
These look like pictures from candidate were like, not along the lake, but inside the lake.
So as you were driving by, you didn't know that you were laughing at him.
That's beautiful. That's great.
Ah, yeah, but there is that yours?
No, that's my type of tree.
Oh, somebody's got a nice pickup truck there, which you've got to have when you live in a trailer park.
You got like a little car in a trailer park.
You're screwed.
Look at that. Jesus Christ.
Water almost up to the frickin' window.
What is that?
I see a roach on the ground by the trash can.
Yeah, so two roaches on the ground.
Where's this trailer park? What's an immigrant?
Look at the cheeses. Did you see that?
That's my street.
There are lakes smaller than that.
Well, nice going, Tommy. Like I said, trailer trash.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Oh, man. Those pictures are staggering.
Should've seen those roaches on the ground.
They weren't moving either.
At pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line,
here's the fact that there's so many people were caught going home on Friday.
We had nearly 8 feet.
The people that didn't get the brunt of it.
They're like, wow, you know, too bad.
Snobbs. What's a big deal?
And the people that really got belted by this thing,
they're like, what the hell is wrong with you in sensitive factors?
Don't you give a crap and of course the answer is no.
No, they don't.
It says it's a miracle.
We didn't have more accidents on the road.
Of course, when you see the way they drive on dry pavement,
unlike an ordinary day, bad enough.
So I think I made the right choice.
Get out of here Thursday, Friday, over the weekend.
Coming back last Sunday night.
Good choice, Neil.
I must be a psychic.
I must have a premonition.
Now, if I was psychic enough, I would have had a premonition today coming in here.
The studio was still all screwed up again.
It wouldn't have stayed home, but I'm not quite that psychic yet.
Here's a call from Jupiter. Hello.
Jupiter.
Yes.
Did you hear about that two-pocketing?
Did you find two-pocketing Mexico?
56670560.
Yeah, they got two-pucks in the net.
Okay.
Pound del Burris stuck them there.
And pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Guy doing real bad, bad jokes.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
One thing about this hurricane.
Yes.
I heard the guy from the flood control district down here in the San Dei County.
He said that he was only notified Wednesday that the hurricane was coming this way, and he opened the flood gates.
But he should have had him open before that.
I mean, I've never seen Miami Canal overflow its bank.
I've never seen it before.
I've been living here since 16-9.
Yeah.
I think part of the blame has to do with the flood control district.
It didn't open up the gate sooner or later.
Okay.
That's all I got.
Thank you, sir.
So in other words, if we got something that's a last minute emergency situation,
it's obvious here that it's sheer panic.
The powers that be here can't get the job done when we have very little warning.
They got enough hard enough time when we got days warning like with Floyd when they couldn't get it right.
And they were evacuating thousands and thousands and hundreds of thousands of people.
Even after we knew that the eye of the storm was already well north of a Dayton Broward.
And it mirrors on and going, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Did you see him on the beginning yesterday?
One minute he had had to introduce him.
I'm so disappointed in him.
Our old former friend, Juan Medieta.
News guy.
Very short time channel seven.
News guy for about five minutes.
Of course, he couldn't hang out there too long because some of the news people kept chasing him up and down the hall.
It was what I understand.
So now he's one of the parents on the mayor's shoulders there in Dave County.
And by the way, I noticed more and more people are calling it Miami-Dade County.
Stop doing that.
Okay.
Stop it.
Where do you live?
Oh, I live in Miami-Dade County.
No, nobody with a brain calls it that.
Okay.
The fact that the politicians were stupid enough to do that and spend all the money for new litterhead and everything else.
That's their problem.
Only stupid people say Miami-Dade County, which is why we've been in the herald a lot.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
In Miami-Dade.
Yes, sir.
Hi, Neil.
I just want to talk about the hurricane and the way the news covered it.
Yes, sir.
I don't know.
Like, at eight o'clock, at nine o'clock, you know, when the winds were coming in, I turned on Channel 6 to see what was going on.
Yeah.
And I wonder why it's said, you know, a little small thing on the screen there says, Tropical Storm Watch.
I mean, this is the day the hurricane went Friday?
Yeah.
That's on Friday.
Whoa.
When the hurricane was coming over, yeah, Friday.
And the Tropical Storm Watch was the day before, but I mean by that time the hurricane was already here on Friday.
Oh, but the hurricane was on, you know, I remember it was when the hurricane was coming through it said Tropical Storm Watch.
Nice.
But yet they're saying the hurricane came through here, you know, hurricane force wind, you know, and I don't know where the hurricane warning was.
They're probably out looking for it right now.
Not only that, but they screwed up, man.
Like I said, they all blew it.
They all blew it.
Exactly.
We had tickets for the show, right times of musical in the Flowers Center for Performing Arts.
Right.
And they didn't want to cancel it.
Because they would have had to give you your money back.
Exactly.
But I mean, isn't it a little dangerous, you know, to have your...
That was Friday night?
That was Friday night.
And they expected people to come in the middle of that rain storm from people to be crazy and rest their lives?
Yeah.
I mean, they did what they wanted to do.
The only awesome thing they had open was either, you know, replace your tickets for another night, but they don't want to talk to each, you know?
They get money for those seats, and we didn't want to get stuck all the way in the back, you know, in the...
In the mezzanine, you know, what did you do?
Well, we showed up, man.
You know, because it's that tropical storm watch on the screen.
Oh, I see.
Yeah, and we hit the road, and you know, cables were falling and...
We got the drive-throw, yeah.
Yeah, we got the keys up the right.
I'm glad you survived it, pal.
Thank you, Neil.
And have a great day.
He survived.
In spite of you, people in the media, you blew it.
You sucked.
You sucked the joint out.
They're always quick to say, oh, what a great job they did.
They really gave us a lot of warning, and they had everybody perfect.
Well, when they do a good job, you say they did a good job, and sometimes they do.
But this time, they stunk.
Even some of the dumbest people in this town, even people who are so cheap, they went Friday night to the vet middler concert that got postponed till Sunday.
Even some of those people said, they stunk.
That's right.
That's why I hear.
Nine minutes past noon at 560 WQAM.
Hi, we're in it.
It doesn't whistle.
What would you do if I put in my face?
Would you stand up and walk out on me?
Yes.
It hurts my rear about all the too long.
There's no stop in my jingle barrier.
I'm going to be a little bit more careful.
I'm going to be a little bit more careful.
I'm going to be a little bit more careful.
What would you do if I put in my hand now?
Uh...
But will why would you write it?
aThe God real bad day.
We did it again just by now.
Oh, I've got something.
I've got something.
Something coming up.
Little man.
Oh, I've got something.
What is it?
It's where I've been.
It's where I've been.
It's where I've been.
It's where I've been.
Who's the boss?
Who's the boss?
Who's the boss?
What's 15 at 5.60 WQM?
So Lisa's got some diet shows she's doing now.
And she's got somebody lost 80 pounds on the egg.
And there are thousands, hundreds,
maybe millions of people now who've lost weight on the egg.
And if you go off the egg,
and you'll gain the weight back, fast, fast.
And it doesn't work for everybody.
But it works for a lot of people.
And it brings your blood sugar away down.
And for many, many people, most I think it brings your cholesterol
and triglycerides, your blood lipids away down.
But of course, it, you know, it defies traditional medicine and traditional
all this other bullcrap traditional propaganda.
And I'll say it again, if you listen to the American Diet and Hedic Association,
you'll be listening to the same assholes that gave you the low fat thing
that made so many more people fat than ever before.
The people that were shoveling down the snack wells and the intraments donuts,
dozens at a time.
And speaking of shoveling down stuff that is low carb,
come back after a long bizarre weekend.
And expecting fully to see cartons and cartons full of these great marangs.
I thought I'd come in here and there'd be at least a few dozen of these in here.
Are there any here?
No.
I mean, I went on, didn't I give him like about a 40 minute commercial on these things on Thursday?
And I wasn't exaggerating.
This is the best damn thing for the heck.
It has no calories, no sugar, no artificial sweeteners, no carbs, no nothing.
And it's delicious with taste, little meringue balls.
For the long time since I've had balls in my mouth like that,
I would say at least since the last trip to Amsterdam, God, they were good.
Did we get any more?
No.
No.
Thanks a lot, Peter Leonard.
Okay, I know we had a storm, we had a lot of rain, you went under a lot of pressure.
Puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, you know, we know what it's all about.
Crazy person.
Here's a derail.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm in the field.
Here's the field, like I said.
I'm on the wrong, well, it's confusing.
Go ahead.
There you go.
I was listening to that.
Maybe you're really in the derail, you don't know it.
Maybe I'm on the right line and you're in it.
I'm in Miami, Dave.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
You have no idea.
I know.
I was listening to Channel 6 on Friday night during the hurricane.
It's something very interesting.
They said, if your power goes out, those of you who are power goes out, you can turn on the radio in 87.
I'm thinking, if you're power went out, how would you know that?
The TV's off.
So like an hour later, my power went out.
I'm actually remembered with 87.
Turn on the freaking Metz game on.
I was in there going, well, I don't know if the wind's going to hit me or the rain's going to hit me,
but I know the score of the Metz game.
Now, wait a minute.
That was the game that rained all the way through the game.
Was that the one?
Yeah, on Friday.
Well, there you go.
There you go.
Well, I knew it was raining up there.
It must have been a big storm.
Have a great day.
Okay, thanks.
Do we know what he said?
No.
It was pretty interesting, but I wasn't following it.
567-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Before we leave today at 2 o'clock, I want one person to call, not Rimmer, I want one other person to call,
who actually showed up Friday night at the Macarena for the bed middle of concert.
They won't do it, will they?
No, because they're too embarrassed.
They're too embarrassed, and they know I'm going to ring them a major, major bloody ass.
And deservedly so.
What kind of a lunatic you have to be.
I mean, rain is coming.
It's like the end of the world.
And you're going to go see that fat bitch, bet middler?
I wouldn't walk from here across the hall there.
Into the nephew's office.
I wouldn't walk that far to go see bet middler.
And they're going to go to the goddamn Macarena in a driving hurricane with water up to their armpits.
Crazy people, no one of them wouldn't call.
I wouldn't either.
I'd be mortified.
I'd be in hiding.
Here's a derral.
Hello.
Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
A couple of things.
Sorry about that line.
I put my finger in the wrong place.
You were saying derral.
I was going, hello.
Hello.
No, I just want to keep you under toast.
Yeah.
Okay.
I was checking out all the stations on Friday and on Thursday.
The best.
The best has to be done.
Oh, done.
No, he's the best.
Did he do a good job?
Yeah, he's the best.
He usually does, but I have a, I mean, did he really tell us that the world was coming to an end?
No, but see that's the nice thing about him.
He is so calm, he's so cool when he talks.
Yeah.
You know, it's like you can, you can calm down because you know, it's just a lot of rain.
Another thing that I noticed on other stations, I don't know if you've ever seen when they show satellite pictures.
They have like three or four different shots of everything.
You know, they have one that shows the hurricane in white.
And then they got another one that actually shows the rain and red.
Right.
And then they got this other one.
That's a black screen.
And it shows, you know, the whole United States outlined in white.
And it's almost transparent.
Yeah, I know the one time.
I want to give you the real thing right now.
Yeah, we know.
Yeah.
And it actually, it's one that you can actually see the jet stream.
Right.
Or it runs.
And then behind it, you can see clear.
Right.
Well, when the storm had left Cuba and it was going straight up, they kept saying it's going to go to Tampa.
It's going to go to Tampa.
I noticed that there was a front over like Tennessee and Alabama coming down our way.
Now, from past, they've always said, front, push it, you know, to the east or whatever.
Not once did they ever mention about that front.
And I kept looking at it.
And I kept saying, I wonder if that front is going to push it at all.
But they kept saying, no, it's going to go north, going to go north.
They never talked about it.
All of a sudden, it started moving east and right over us.
And I just never understood why they didn't mention about that.
I mean, anybody who knows their geography realizes that what is it about?
80, 80, 85 miles across from an alligator rally over to the west coast.
Right.
The state of Florida is a narrow thing.
It's a narrow peninsula, you know.
Right.
How far off do they have to be in their forecast for the thing that come over here?
I just don't understand what they were so casual about this.
Right.
Right. Right.
So, one last thing, Neil, just to take it completely out of what we're talking about.
Please.
Did you, this was about Thursday's program.
Did you receive my facts this morning about that I'm living in the close celebrity city?
Oh, yeah. I've got it standing by here.
I got it.
Okay. That's a very, you know, thing that happened.
You're learning your lesson.
Mom's the word, man.
Yeah. All right.
Thanks.
Yeah. All right.
Have a great day.
Yeah. You got some of your facts about an experience you had which I have time.
Maybe I'll read it.
Maybe not.
Maybe tomorrow.
Or maybe not.
5.67.05.60.
Pound 5.60 on the AT&T wireless line.
That's right.
If OJ would have been what, I wouldn't have talked about him.
That's the call he was referring to since I'm such a professional racist.
And let me say it again.
You know, every time I go up here to Ontario, it's always amazing to me that the black people
they're speaking with.
Just as I am speaking it right now.
Perfectly.
I'll be speaking it right now.
Be perfect.
It's a fraud.
It's another part of racist America, baby.
Keep black people illiterate.
Keep poor people illiterate.
And don't think it happens by accident.
Don't think that the education system is a piece of crap, especially in poverty,
stricken neighborhoods because well, just the crap happens, you know.
That's the way they want it.
Here's for Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm not going to disagree with the last caller.
I see why he didn't pick up on why he was going to turn east watching Don Knowles
because Don Knowles, you only wanted to town to, didn't say it was going to come our way.
He did say?
You know, he did not say.
He kept saying it was going to go to the north.
And you had, it's like I dole-comal and the north cross.
Right.
Actually got it right for a change.
The weather furries got it right?
Yeah, every time they go live with the weather center, they'd say to hurricanes.
And I mean, it would say it looks like it's nudged a little towards the east.
And then the hurricane center would try to rebut it.
Oh, no, no, but it's still going to go to the north.
Don Knowles kept saying.
In other words, the guy that said we had a couple of calls saying Jerry Gerald at the hurricane center really blew it.
Yeah, him and Max Maryfield, whatever the name is, the both of them.
They got it.
They totally got it wrong.
And Don Knowles, he kept saying we're just going to get a little wind and a little rain.
That's all I kept saying.
He's trying to be too calm.
You know, he's that calming voice, like the guy said, the way he's trying to do it with too calm.
Yeah, calm and inducing.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah, exactly.
Nice going, Don.
Oh, you're all I've been saying all the raving about him for years now.
Oh, Max, he's always been, huh?
He blew it.
I mean, big time blew it.
Oh, wow.
North Cross, you got a hand until this time.
I mean, I'm not a North Cross fan ever since the end of the day.
He's driving me nuts.
But he actually got it right.
So did a guy answer that.
But you know what, that's like a boy who cries wolf thing.
Right.
A North Cross is always hyperventilating and he's got so little credibility with anybody with a brain now.
And when he starts saying it's coming and then you know what he also says, no, you'll wonder, well, maybe he there he goes again.
Well, here's my experience on Friday at about three o'clock in the 595 and a university and getting off university,
had a North-South plantation.
You couldn't, you know, nobody should have been out on the road at that time.
Let me tie it.
It was like horrendous conditions.
And so if they had issued a hurricane warning, at least this way people would have let their employees go home early.
What happened was you had everybody getting off between three and six pm on Friday night and the Broward,
and they're all driving on the streets.
And it was like, it was a hurricane out there.
We were under topical storm warning, not watches that earlier caller said.
And what they should have done was upgraded to a hurricane warning to hurricane center because the center of it passed like six miles west of Cooper City.
So it wasn't that close enough to categorize into the hurricane.
Now we didn't get hurricane winds.
We didn't have any sustain winds at the 75 miles an hour.
Yeah.
But what the hell, I mean, 58 miles an hour, or gust is fine.
Like I said, they're always telling us some of the worst weather in the heaviest rain is always in the Northeast quadrant.
I mean, they've brainwashed us with that.
That's one thing we've learned over the years.
In the Northeast quadrant of any hurricane, that's where the heaviest rains and the worst damage usually is.
Yeah, when that center came up through a flamingo floor, that's when the weather channel should have happened around 10 a.m. I think.
That's when the hurricane center should have said, look, hurricane warning, all of you know, everybody get home and just stay home at a rest of the day.
Don't be out driving around because then the news started saying, well, everybody's out sight seeing the middle of the storm.
They should be out there.
They weren't sight seeing.
These people had to go to work.
If they didn't go to work, they're afraid to lose their jobs or something.
That's right.
That's what happened.
That's what happened.
You'll just want to give my story.
Thanks for the bad news.
Okay. Thanks.
So Don, though, he's an unea-crap-less now.
You just went off the Great A list.
You just looked down several matches.
Okay, Don, no. Too bad about that.
Good guy, easily, you know.
No.
No more, no.
5, 6, 7.
I'll tell you one thing.
It was beautiful in Toronto.
Don't be rubbing it in now, asshole.
It was nice.
Sunny and 70 on Saturday didn't rain all weekend.
Got out of there.
Just want to start to get a little bit cooler and the cloudy and get gray.
But Neil Rogers shows sports radio.
5, 60s.
Q, 8, 10.
I'll look at it.
It's f***ing low.
It's a town.
Velocope.
It's a town.
Velocope.
It's a town.
And a shore.
You will not be.
It's a lot.
But we are dead, everybody.
They've tried a door and tried to paint two paint.
It was hanging in the childhood when Andrew came.
But when we get a soft summer of green,
he came so hyperfacilated like that, that's next week.
This is our Velocope.
Oh, this is our Velocope.
And the shore.
You will not be.
People are funny or they never be.
Velocope.
Oh, excuse me.
Well, I'm so fascinated because of the yin and the yang here again.
I get a letter from Barbara and Kendall.
Thank you, Barbara.
Very nice letter.
But the only thing she's upset with me about is I keep mentioning Yuno who OJ.
And he loves the publicity, etc.
And so Barbara, amazing as this little sound to you.
True story.
This came in with all the rest of the mail today.
So here's a big package we get.
A FedEx package.
And you look at the return address.
It's a Lance Edo in the West Palm or summer.
And you open up the package.
It's a big bulky thing.
And inside is a letter.
A two-page letter.
Obviously, Erzaz.
And then the very humorous.
I'm using.
And a huge, not just a knife.
What would you call this thing?
Not a hatchet.
I mean, a knife about like 40 times the size of any knife that I've ever seen.
Like a gigantic, like a super-porturetorican switchblade.
For a seven-foot tall porturetorican.
Like a folding lachete.
Yeah.
Well, it's not really a machete, but it's almost with a big, long wooden handle.
An open ill.
The main.
Couronnee.
Whatever that is.
Some kind of frog thing.
And anyway, this is, I want to forward the item and close the seat.
If you could help me find the possible owner, it seems to be a work-fine opening.
But only partially closing.
Et cetera, and so on.
Oh, yeah.
This is imported from France.
So as I recently attended a golf tournament sponsored by your station, I don't play golf.
I was the guy behind the grassy noel on the 18th hole.
I was, I was there to try to get a sight on.
I mean, citing one of the celebrities that attended.
And says he picked up this pocket knife, dropped by one of the celebrities.
Okay.
Thank you so much, sir.
We'll freshen this for everyone.
I know what we're going to do with it.
But, yeah, that'll clean out your hemorrhoids.
I guarantee you that.
You've never seen anything this big.
Wow.
Man.
Can you imagine that can do the damage that could do?
You know what I'm saying?
Roy.
5, 6, 7, 8.
Yeah, he always likes to borrow the big one when we have it in here like that big black
penis we had that time came rushing and it kind of had that kind of had that.
Can't have this though.
Here's Sonny Isles.
Hello.
Sonny Isles.
Why don't I hear that deadly sound?
I hear that mobile and coral springs.
I beg your pardon?
Say mobile and coral springs.
We'll see that goes back again to this piece of crap.
Here's a mobile and coral springs.
Hello.
Hey Neil, I went to how you doing today?
Okay.
Good.
So I was one of the other people that went to the concert on Friday.
You went to the concert Friday.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
I drove your friend Jeff Remmer.
Well, that doesn't really count that.
Well, you know, wait.
Oh my God.
The only reason we went that his wife has a major Jones for bet.
What does that mean?
Well, she really, too, she loves bett middler.
So we went to the concert.
It was fun driving Jeff through all the puddles though.
Yeah.
To get there.
Yeah.
There were a lot of other people there.
Thousand people.
Oh, the people.
Pretty crowd.
They were concerned about rioting, which was kind of funny.
That thought.
You know, you get 50-year-old people.
They don't riot anymore.
Yeah.
So anyway, I just thought I'd tell you that you could rip me.
You know, I was one of the people that was there.
Okay.
Well, you took Remmer.
That's enough reason.
Okay.
Have a great day.
Well, the walk.
Get out of here.
No, I don't want any more Rimmer stories about that.
We already know what a Boso he was and is and et cetera.
Going to that thing.
But anybody else that went that's what we're going to hear.
We won't hear from him.
It's a mood point.
They won't admit it.
56670560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a lady in sunrise.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
I didn't go to bett middler.
No.
Okay.
But I would like to tell you a funny story.
I don't think it's funny.
I think it's terrible.
We had tickets to go see Ragtime at the theater performing arts Friday night.
Uh-huh.
They're telling you to stay in.
All across the television stations, all performances, seven cancel, and et cetera.
P.S., they went ahead and had the performance.
I don't know for who because all the three were flooded and closed.
They won't have another performance.
Give you any new tickets.
All you can do is go down on any given day.
No earlier than 7 p.m.
And if they have any tickets, they'll give you whatever seats are available.
And we spent over $150 on these tickets.
So, other day, won't give you refund.
They won't give you anything.
Well, what kind of credit they have?
Even if they give you seats, you know, in the nosebleed section, and they're only like, you know, $40, and you spend 150, you lose your money.
Nice.
So much for county government, huh?
There you go.
Okay.
I thought you'd like that.
Don't do it again.
I won't.
Okay.
Bye.
How do you like that?
What kind of crap is that?
Why didn't they cancel?
I mean, to take a rocket site to figure out here, you got a hurricane.
Not just a tropical storm.
You got a freaking hurricane, man.
You get on there in the middle of the day, and all afternoon, all evening, and you announce all of these things have been canceled.
They'll be rescheduled at a later date, or whatever, or if you want refunds, whatever.
The problem is nobody wants to give anybody their money back.
That's the problem.
That's why they hemmed in hot in that bed-middle-er crap, and she still wanted to go ahead with it.
Of course, she wanted to get paid.
Pathetic.
$5.67, at 05.60, pound $5.60 on the AT&T line.
Here's Fort Pierce.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Fort Pierce, Terry.
Sounds like you, Terry.
Hey, Horia.
I've got a bunch of diminished surfers up here.
I was trying to tell them about you.
We can barely get you.
Anyway, I was hoping you might play, if you could, before they had a show, as they conjured on.
Okay.
They were right to the show.
And you were right about the weatherman.
Did you see Dave Berry two weeks ago in his column?
He wrote all about the weatherman and how they sit on the same seat for 60 hours, and if it didn't happen again.
No, my mother won't let me read Dave Berry.
He is pretty radical.
That's true.
Have a great one.
Have a great one.
Bye.
Okay, they're doing it up there in Fort Pierce.
They can barely hear us.
How do you like that?
Of course, so they can barely hear us down here too on this station.
We got this great signal.
Like that.
Let me get this thing out.
I feel a little bit better.
I can come back after that first grotesque half hour this morning.
Thank you again.
Thank you again, Greg.
I'll be in a real bad hotel.
Oh, that's beautiful.
I love that thing.
Can you actually understand it?
Yeah, you sound like Darth Vader.
I got it.
That's all.
Beautiful thing.
I love this.
So what's the deal on the...
Oh, I'm sorry.
Getting carried away.
I'm getting like a real one book.
Oh, seriously.
We're going to do these things.
In fact, if we had a real engineer, he would just order it and we would talk to Greg while he was in there about getting the real...
Shredder.
I'd like to stick his ass in the shredders what I would like to do.
I'd like to put him in a shredder.
In fact, his hair already looks like somebody beat me to it.
What a faggy Roman haircut.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Oh, Greg, it's a knife.
It's a knife.
No one had him see this.
Oh, God.
Can you imagine this psychosis if he saw that?
I think Neil's going to come into a side on the air.
He's got a big knife.
Here's a mobile and cut.
See, I'm on the wrong line again.
I know where the hell I am.
I can't read these.
Sonny Isle, hello.
Neil, how you doing today?
OK, sir.
Let me ask you a question.
I don't know if anyone brought it up yet, but during that hurricane around 345.
On Friday?
Yeah, they were going to go to an update.
You could tell something was going on.
They started scrambling around a little bit.
Who's that day?
They didn't come back for an update.
Who's that?
It was either Channel 7.
OK.
They didn't come back for another.
They were supposed to come back at 4 o'clock with an update.
They didn't come back till 530 with the National Weather Center.
Nice.
At that point in time, the National Weather Center said they had lost their server on their computers.
Meaning, so for two hours, they had no idea what that hurricane was there.
Great, that's beautiful.
At that point in time, it was only a tropical storm.
They didn't want to have that egg on their face by saying what it really was, which was a very borderline hurricane.
No one's brought it up, but they lost their servers for over two hours.
They had no idea what that thing was.
That's beautiful.
What time did it start really raining hard here?
Listen, I was at sunny hours and I'm from upstate New York, so I've been through blizzards, but I tell you what,
if a hurricane 5 would hit here, I don't know what would happen.
I mean, it was scary, but Rick Sanchez did say one of the funniest things I've ever heard anybody say.
At one point, they showed these people like in Davey or Cooper-Sit on the way there,
pulling sandbags out to their car.
It was around like eight and nine o'clock at night.
They had truck loads of sand and he goes,
it's a little late for that.
They're overflowing.
Yeah, nice going, Rick.
Let me ask you one more question.
What's the, with the panthers?
Did they have an all Russian line I heard they're going to have last week in a hockey game?
All Russians playing at one line.
Do you know if that ever happened?
I brought that kid to the south side of up and he played with two Russians, right?
Well, in a way, he took Buray's place because Buray was out injured.
But they're supposed to have an all Russian line and I was wondering if they were allowed to speak Russian when they're out there.
No, absolutely not.
Angle only in place.
Very good, very good.
Must they know the Russian mafia then they'll speak whatever they want.
Very good.
Okay, have a great day pal.
Don't buy house.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the 18T wireless line.
Yeah, they had 14,000 in some for that exciting 3-2 overtime win against the Ducks on 39.
And like I said, they should be acoustic round that many showed up at,
how many you actually were in a flood.
How was the drainage here, by the way, at the Macarena?
How's the parking lot up there?
Were going to get any spy reports on that?
No.
For tomorrow night's game against Vancouver, in which the probability of Buray might be back.
But you know something I have a feeling that if he's not going to be back for tomorrow night,
we probably won't hear anything about it ahead of time.
Because they want us to show up.
You know what I'm saying?
20 before 1 at 5, 60, WQM.
Hey, Whitney has a pair.
These days there's a lot of confusion about banking.
More big banks are merging with bigger banks.
And they're all making promises about free checking this and customer service that.
But when it's all said and done, you want a bank you can trust.
One you can turn to.
One that gives you what you deserve.
Where's that bank?
Judiciary union.
At FU, we know you don't like long lines of the bank.
So when you come to our bank and see the line, you'll say FU.
Want to talk about customer service?
After talking to one of our loan officers about a home loan, you'll say FU.
So when you're looking for a bank, there's only one thing we can say to you.
FU.
I keep him, I'm rich.
Oh, I know exactly what bank that is by the way.
From 45 at 5, 60, WQM, I don't want to mention it because then B-Full start the B-Tion about it.
So anyway, the greatest news in history for me, most of you don't give a crap.
In fact, I've none of you care.
That song, The Bravo All Stars, Let The Music Heads Your Soul,
which I told you about the video that I've only seen about three times in my life.
Twice an amp's did in and one on much music out of Toronto.
And nobody, it's a whole compilation of these different groups.
Three or four, there's a Swedish group in there, there's a couple of German groups.
And the Back Street Boys, no less, which of course immediately disqualifies the lobby.
But nevertheless, it's a great video.
And Tracy Neely, my new close best personal friend, has found it.
I don't have it.
I mean, this is the crappy one I was talking about today.
TV.
And I'm going to tell you something.
And Ken Curry and the Schmogreff and all my friends at Power 96, if you're smart,
when I get a hold of that thing, they should play the crap out of that over there
because it'd be the only ones in North America, because much musers play on it.
The only ones in the US play on it probably.
And that thing is going to be bigger, I guarantee you, bigger than Mary Tylermore,
and a $6 million man.
That is, if I could tell you, finally, taking a crappy day,
taking another depressing day at Greg Reed Sandbox,
and turning nice go at Tracy, that's for you, sweetheart.
Even if you didn't give me any tickets to the concert.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Yes, sir.
Have you ever been to Costa Rica?
No.
So, you know how the weather is down there or anything, because I'm going on there this summer?
How the weather is?
Well, some days it rains, and some days the sun shines, and some days it's cool,
some days it's a little bit warmer, kind of like that.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pom-poms.
And I hear they got a great McDonald's suit.
Oh!
As a matter of fact, I heard some bad things about Costa Rica.
Remember that one time I was going to go to San Salvador?
And I did not, and I think it was a very good idea.
Is it San Salvador?
What do you mean you don't know?
I've never been to Costa Rica either.
No, but I heard all the great things about Costa Rica from your good friend to Bugman.
Phil, I haven't seen it in months, by the way.
Oh, I haven't heard from...
I haven't heard from Costa Rica.
I've got a lot of...
Months and months.
I got ants in my house.
That haven't been invented yet.
They haven't discovered these kind of ants yet.
New, whatever.
But at any rate, so I heard all kinds of wonderful things,
and planted a trip there, and then changed my mind at the last minute and went someplace else.
But nevertheless, I hear it's another one of those banana-bow countries.
A lot of crime, a lot of violent crime, a lot of tourist being kidnapped.
All kinds of...
So I guess the deal is just don't go to Latin America.
That's the best deal.
Uh-huh.
Sounds good to me, after that trip to Venezuela, Colombia.
And of course, the only other Venezuelan I ever met was you know who.
So that told me everything I needed.
We'll see him no more.
Here's the sunrise.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
You want to talk to anybody who was at the show's Sunday?
No, I guess.
Okay.
You didn't go...
Did you go Friday?
No.
Oh, thank God.
Thank God I live in sunrise.
It's like a normally a 10-minute drive to the arena.
Oh!
The entire street was a lake.
It was ridiculous.
Right.
But anyway, the show was okay.
Mm-hmm.
Okay, I would say they probably had about 85-90% capacity.
But I mean it was condo city.
You know, as far as lots of senior citizens there, I recognized about four songs.
I went because my wife wanted to go.
Oh! Right.
But uh...
So in other words, Rimmer went there with a bunch of old parts.
I'm ecstatic here this.
This is great.
That's nice going, Rimmer.
It was like that.
Now I'm...
Maybe I was looking for the early bird.
Maybe thought they had dinner there too.
That could be.
Well, you know what the prices are there, right?
I have to tell you.
Yeah.
You know, and they were scooping up like $30 t-shirts and $20 programs like they were going out of style.
The one thing I did want to say, I'm not a big fan of Sherry, but I saw that show at the National Car Red Bull Center also.
Yeah.
That was an amazing production.
Mm-hmm.
I mean it was like a Vegas show, different sets, great lighting, great sound.
This was basically like, okay.
And I left there and I'm sitting myself.
I never saw this crowd really get into the show.
In other words, what you're saying is you probably should have done the show in like the condo center at Courage Hill, something like that.
That probably would have been pretty good.
Yeah.
But I mean, it was an unexciting show as far as I was concerned.
Now how is the parking lot at the Macarena?
The parking lot was great.
Wasn't?
Well, you know, I'll be honest with you.
Whenever I go to the Macarena now, I try to park at the...
Well, look at the end of the parking lot that's closest to Flamingo Road.
Right.
You know, and usually I can get out of there in no time.
It's a little longer walk to the center.
But getting back to the car, I'm usually out of there in no time.
Yeah.
You know, over to Flamingo, then to open it.
It's fine.
So in other words, if they would have had the concert fight and out, you would have passed.
Definitely.
It was unsafe to go.
Thank you.
Thank God for your sanity, sir.
Okay.
I have a good one.
And you too.
There's a sane gentleman, okay?
It was honest enough to tell us that just as much of all parts in the rimmers were there on Sunday night to see Vet Midla.
All the old Jews from sunrise were there and they're Jew canoes.
Well, that's good.
You have to have a canoe when it's with others like that.
So why not take your Jew canoe?
What is that thing with Cadillacs?
I've asked that this and other.
I've got all these different questions.
I've asked so many times over the years, I can never get a response.
You want to know why because they're embarrassed to think about it.
Why is it that Jew old Jews and sparsers of all ages have this tremendous desire to drive a Cadillac?
Even if it's a crappy old Cadillac.
Cadillac is like a steamship.
It's not like a normal car.
It's like a battleship.
Like a continental.
Continuating.
Is that what it is?
People get out of your way.
And then the saddest part is that they take up so much space on the road when you're that old and that bad of a driver,
you should be driving like a puddle jump or not a big battleship.
It's safer.
It's not safer.
It made me safer for you.
But not only are the people you're going to scatter all over the road, sweetheart.
We don't care about them.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless phone.
Glad everybody had a good time with that bitch.
Fat bitch with a obnoxious attitude.
Imperious arrogant attitude.
And also glad to hear the show was very mediocre.
She'd been much bigger with the carriage hills condo.
Whatever they call it.
The amusement center.
Here's Pompano.
Hello.
Pompano.
Yeah.
I was there on Friday night.
You were there Friday night?
Yes, sir.
Hi.
I was insane.
I drove out there.
Caps calling up until quarter after seven to see if it was still on.
Yeah.
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
Get out there.
There's four feet of water in the parking lot.
Yeah.
The rains pouring.
The wind blowing.
Trees are falling.
Yeah.
Then they notify us.
It's canceled.
So we turn around.
It took me 30 minutes to get home.
Then I call seller door productions.
They've rescheduled it for Sunday.
Well, I have tickets for Sarah Brighton on Sunday.
For what?
For Sarah Brighton.
Sarah Brighton?
Brighton.
Brighton.
It's a huge statement.
Brighton, Brighton.
Yes.
So they said, well, it was rescheduled.
And there's no refunds if it's rescheduled.
Yeah.
And I said, well, that's ridiculous.
I said, you know, we were out there in this storm.
It should have been canceled.
Right.
So I finally just let American Express handle it.
I called them, told them the situation.
They said, don't worry about it.
We'll take care of it.
Good for them.
Always trust American Express.
They'll stick it to seller door as well as should.
Well, and they should because it was absolutely ridiculous.
But I was also insane for going out there in the first place.
Right.
Exactly.
Don't do it again.
But I would never see, pay to see that bitch again if my life depended on it.
You're going to get a float over there.
Don't do it.
No way.
Okay, pal.
Take care.
See you.
Bye.
And we'll check.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
There's a guy at least admits that he went over here to see that bitch on Friday night
through all the rain in the wind in the storms.
The diva.
Oh, do I hate that word?
I'm so sick and tear all this.
All the, everything is so trendy.
Air, V9, and Kamalami's ridiculous words.
And they just drive them into the ground.
This one's a diva.
And that one's a diva.
And everybody's a diva.
Diva.
Diva.
I used to like diva.
You picking on B for again?
Don't forget.
He's the dangerous one.
It's on you right now.
Don't ever try.
Don't trust him with this knife.
Remember the OJs?
If I can use those initials again?
I know what they were singing about.
The backstabbers?
The OJs.
That's B fo.
Beware of B fo.
Paranoid, delusional man.
Here's a mobile implantation.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Okay, sir.
All right.
I was just one of my friends is a delivery person at night once a week at the solvows implantation.
Right.
And you're saying how bad the weather was.
He almost got suspended for a week because he didn't want to go in Friday night in the hurricane to deliver pizza.
What about your crap?
There, I mean the matter is that-
On Friday night when there was four feet of water on the ground?
In the hurricane.
And when you said it's not safe conditions, they said, well, we're delivering.
If you don't come in, you're going to be suspended for a week.
That's nice.
And finally afterwards, they want to not suspend the person.
But who's going to- who's delivering pizza in a hurricane?
Who's ordering pizza?
What kind of a person in the right mind expects some delivery guy to show up in the four feet of water?
Yep.
And also, we were talking about the dead Miller and everything.
I happened to be getting tickets for a different show.
The day they went on sale and I didn't know it was the same day.
And you get there and there's the line of all old people.
And it's the funniest thing is you sit there.
Every old person knows another old person.
So as the old people come, you want them not moving because they know everyone and just keep cutting the line going in front of everyone.
And instead of the line going one way, it starts going the wide way instead of the long way.
They're all the old people.
Ridiculous.
But I just want to say, you know, that's not right for them to sit there and have people deliver them pizza on a Friday night and have the people get in trouble for no one.
No, no, no, no.
The drivers will rip you and ask on the air if you do it again.
All right, you okay.
Thanks.
Specting people to go out there and risk their lives to deliver a few crappy pizzas.
Are you people crazy or what?
Huh?
Not cases.
Woof!
It's a 12.56 at 5.60 QAM.
Speaking of something good to eat, where are you having lunch today?
Well, I should ask that a long time or we're not having lunch.
Now my head is just, I feel like I've had a concussion.
I really have, from this place.
Oh!
So what do you think about your hair?
My hair is for Saturday.
It's a lot of different hours.
I sing a low tone.
I am a baritone with me some notes cannot be found.
But somehow I can't be with me.
They want me to do this.
So what I can reach and this ain't gonna happen.
Oh, no.
This is so too high.
Too high for me.
Out of high teeth, it's too high.
Some white kick me like backdamps in my FD.
Oh, right.
Oh!
Too high for me.
What'd you kick me for?
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
You'll love this.
I was gambling shows.
Robin Ventura hit the grand slam.
He didn't play because the team had to play.
But the winning run had always scored.
So it was rolled a single and the final score instead of 73.
It became four to three.
But Ventura single costed Las Vegas Sportsbook in better thousands of dollars.
It may not have mattered in New York or Atlanta that in Las Vegas some betters
and wager thousands of dollars that the number of runs scored would be over under seven.
A half.
That would be over.
One Sportsbook set a profit about $5,000 disappeared because Ventura never rounded the basis.
All right, all right.
Next, go on, Robin.
So we'll see if the braves continue to be fooled up back tonight.
Couple of amazing facts.
First of all, speaking of concerts, you know who's going to be here tomorrow and the
next night, Thursday night?
Miami Arena.
But you don't know?
Let me give you a clue.
That's clue number one.
I'll read you a few questions.
When you got another job lined up, I can't believe you said that.
But same ethnic background, generally.
Fabrizio Fabia and Fairbann.
No, no, you missed the clue.
You got to narrow it down more than that.
No.
Please, John.
No.
Top of list.
There you go.
All right, talk about 20 tries.
Not bad.
So here's a review that somebody faxes me.
What the hell was this in?
They never tell me this must have been in the city link or a new term.
Review in concert by Bill Meredith and Jerry Wormsucker in Suckin or something like that.
Great.
Nice going, guys.
Bill and Jerry.
Get a better name.
I won't read the whole thing because it's all caustic and I would love it.
But the last part is Ricky Martin is proved that the visual element is too important in
music without the small screen and the advent of MTV VH1, other useless avenues for Piss and
failed Hollywood directors and the surrounding cast.
People like him would still be soap opera actors, a loose use of the term actor or models,
dancers or choreographers.
Martin can't write.
So he swoops up songwriter for a songwriter for a hired child.
What is it?
Oh, this is bizarre.
It's hard to read.
He can't produce so he brings in Gloria Stephan.
Water plan is music is so produced that you really can't tell if he can sing.
But who cares if he's the next Billy Vanilla when there's piles of cash being thrown
at him?
When you're a musical artist and the only real talent is dancing and looking like a Latin
kindle, you don't have to have a plan.
You have a backup plan.
Stop backing up America.
Nice going, Bill and Jerry.
And I hear that Ricky's been backing into a lot of things lately.
Long and twisted up.
Yeah, that's what I hear.
Here's another facts, which I hope I read better.
It's hard to read some of those facts.
It's like reading the numbers on the screen over here.
Nice call, by the way, George Corso.
You idiot.
Dear Neil, unfortunately, I was one of the poor slups that had eventually toured the Macarena
Friday, the Veteran of the Consec.
Unlike those who went to see her perform, I had to go and work the goddamn thing.
I'm one of the jackasses that worked the parking lot there in the arena formerly known
as Marshland.
While standing in 70 mile an hour wind, I had a bunch of old Yenthas from Cemetery Hill
coming for all four of the concert and complained that their blue heredos would be ruined by
the rain, mind you that there's a hurricane blowing and one might lose their life.
After that, the parking was put to usher people.
One, again, the parking was put to usher people to their seats.
But when the people started to come in, we were told to block them from their seats, like
we were the offensive line for Jimmy's Johnson.
The concert was then canceled and all the bull bikes, the screaming queens and even rumour
were screaming and yelling.
They stuck.
They were pissed off and fired up.
So to make a long story short, the PR people at the Macarena are f-ing assholes, says
they Dominican in Hylia.
He says you can't complain about the drainage in the arena because there is none.
Nice call, my Dominican friend.
Even rumour was carrying on like a child screaming and yelling with the old Yenthas.
They stuck.
Here's Kendall.
Hello?
Nasi, I'm one off on this every time.
Where is this?
Mobile in Miami.
Mobile in Miami.
What is it?
Mobile in Miami.
You can't read this for a million dollars.
Hello?
Mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Oh, I was on the Palmetto.
That's Miami though.
Here's a mobile in Miami, Dave County.
There you go.
Yeah.
Neil, I'm a first time caller and I wanted to talk to you about your black-yabbed problems
with ants in your house.
You mentioned that earlier.
Yeah.
It's probably called white-footed black ants.
White-footed?
White-footed.
They don't have white-footed.
Yeah, maybe white-footed, I'm not sure.
A couple of white-footed creatures in my house that both people know.
You can't get rid of the little bastards though.
They don't take their poison to the NASA something to kill everything.
They take the poison into basket?
Yeah.
Yeah.
But you can't get rid of them.
I haven't too.
And I've got a real problem.
You know what's really hardest about getting rid of them is when a bug man doesn't show up for like two, three, four months of the time.
It's a real bitch-good room.
I got my can of hotshot and I get rid of the ones I saw the other day of, but they keep coming back for more.
Yeah, yeah, that's definitely doing anything.
Doing it from BethCack can get rid of them for a while, but they always come back.
Yeah.
And so I also want to say I'm a fat Frank from Cooper City's Godfather.
And I just want to know if you heard from him lately or I know he's a long-timer.
Fat Frank from Cooper City?
Like Frank from Cooper City.
I guess you used to go to hockey games really down in the arena.
Or now with you, but he used to sit near you or something.
Fat Frank.
From Cooper City.
From Cooper City.
Doesn't ring any bells with me.
I remember we're fat Andy, but he's the sleeves of the fishes now.
Anyway, nice boy.
Anyway, I just didn't know if you heard from him.
Well, maybe we will now.
I'll let you know whether it's good or bad.
Thanks a lot, pal.
All right.
See ya.
What do you say?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60.
This is kind of like an out-of-body experience for me here today.
And what a shame that there aren't a whole bunch of those meringue things, you know?
That would have gone over real big.
That would have made me feel almost a human today in spite of the first half hour when we had another screaming and yelling with Greg Reed standing here.
Like a clown going to get up against the screen.
Oh, gee, I can't even read that.
You wouldn't know where any of this stuff is in here.
Okay, you wouldn't know what microphone from your guide there.
Correct.
Don't just get out of here, okay?
Go spend some money.
Stop talking to good game.
Go spend some money and get some real stuff in here that works.
And stop talking to good game about what a great company this is.
Cheap, cheap, cheap, cheap, cheap, cheap.
That's what you are, baby.
Cheap, cheap, cheap.
That's why that construction project is going along so well out there in a hallway.
The whole goddamn third floor, it's in limbo.
It's doing the limbo rock for about the next two years because they're playing pan-piece meal.
Yeah, that's right, piece meal.
Little piece here, little piece there, which of course is what goes on in this place.
A lot.
Roy!
Eight minutes after one at five, 60 WQAM.
Sports radio, five, 60.
Q, eight, seven.
Please, enough fucking.
Hey!
Yeah!
Huh?
I'm queer and my ambition.
I'm a fact who likes to involve.
Yes.
I'm here to conserve this mission.
It's not, but that's not all.
Are you ready to get through that wall and get to the wall?
Get somebody to use it.
This is your little piece guy.
Go like a foreign space crab.
Oh!
This guy's crab.
K, who's free?
We're both free.
I'm not a kid.
I'm not a kid.
You're the dumb, you're a fireball, okay?
I'm not one of these kids.
You are.
I can't bear it.
I found a two-a-stick shirt.
I like to wear a dress.
I know that you're a star.
I think the best part drives it hard.
I know that you're a war.
Even if it's not a war,
it's not a war,
it's not a war.
It's not a war,
it's not a war,
it's not a war.
It's not a war.
All right, 114 to 5,
if you don't go,
see Ricky Martin please,
because if you do, we'll tell.
So anyway, the Dominican Cool and Hylia has mortar writing.
He finishes, he left this off.
He says, the fun, and this is a good point.
Funny thing about the whole experience was that
for the back street voice concert,
it was as clear as the space between Greg Reed's ears,
but they cancel it.
Remember that day?
There was nothing going on that day.
It was on a Wednesday, and the storm was long gone,
but they canceled it because they wanted to give everybody
a plenty of, no, a plenty of head time, so to speak.
He says, I just wanted to get an aluminum bat
and smash your, he says, this bat, bitch,
you're so much going.
I wanted to get an aluminum bat and smash your head in.
Oh, hi, nice going to Minikoon.
Now, let's use a star, don't you understand?
One, two, three, four, see, what I could have done,
where's the magic marker?
Here you go, that's all the shows almost.
So, one, I can't read them, I'm stuck in a work.
I'll put little labels on there, huh?
After the show.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I mean, not yet because we might swap that monitor out
because, you know, here's Kendall, hello.
Sometimes I feel like life is passing me by.
Oh, Wayne, I, what was that?
I knew what just happened to you on your phone?
Is that your phone?
Cool, go ahead.
Neil, yes.
Hey, why not, just gonna go coming down,
down here to Miami.
When is what?
Luis McGell.
Luis?
Yeah, I don't know, I don't have any date.
You don't, but you know, you know,
he's coming down from the front.
He's telling you.
He's coming and you're going, right?
Then I'll be there, he's coming and I'll be there.
I'll see you there, then.
Okay, I'll see you there, buddy, buddy.
I'll be there, too.
Yeah, Luis McGell, why's that concert coming?
There's a guy who can really sing
unlike this idiot that's going to be tomorrow
in the Thursday night and they'll be jammed
with all these silly little people,
all these silly little women who think that,
oh, Ricky, Ricky, look at me and he's laughing.
Yeah, forget it, bitch.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT and T wireless line.
Must be very frustrating to all these young ladies out there,
just obsessed with these young superstars
knowing and deep recesses of their mind.
They have less than no chance.
Now, how come these all say,
and now the people are off there and now these all say,
because this thing's a piece of crap.
Oh, in other words, the phone thing is all screwed up against
was made by the getter people
and if they won't make a software,
the getter people made it.
No wonder the same people that made this phone system
that I was promised we were getting rid of
and getting a real phone system in here.
So we got a guide in program in here for this thing
that also doesn't work.
Hollywood on three is the next one, if you will.
Here's Hollywood, like I said, hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Neil, I'd like to share my experience
on the bed-middle situation.
Yes, sir.
And tonight, I was going to the asshole
that attempted to go.
Well, I commend you for your honesty anyway.
Well, yes.
Not your intelligence, just your honesty.
Thank you.
I bought my girlfriend tickets, $150 a piece to see.
Oh, my lovely woman's thing.
I worked in the Gables, live in Plantation,
got home about five o'clock
and she says, we better get going, we gotta go see.
We gotta have everyone's going to dinner.
They're gonna cancel the, you know, they're gonna cancel it.
Right.
There's no, no, no, we gotta go out there.
Finally, at 6.30, I have to make a management decision
to either die from stress or go out and die
from being electrocuted or drowned
or the wind or what has you.
So I braid the elements, I'm on my way up
and I'm saying, I can't believe I'm going to see
this bitch vibrate or ovalease.
And we get up there, I'm stuck in the water.
The car is rocking all over the place.
If I put the radio on to see,
if there's any kind of an announcement
and all I hear is, we gotta shot.
These pedals.
And that did it for 30, I just said,
screw it, I'm going home and that's it.
I have to talk to what's said.
Nice going, pal.
By the way, they have this new non-traceable
arsticking bite in the supermarket, it's great.
Okay, five, six, seven, all five, 60.
We've got a shot.
Oh yeah, I forgot to mention that.
All the marino basher's there in the feed.
I heard one stupid call this morning,
they hung up on them right away.
And I just go out there and be foe.
All the marino basher's there in in seventh heaven now.
Wait till this kid starts one game
and they get the crappy out of me,
get sucked another nine, 10, 12 times.
And I'll say, oh gee, where's Danny?
When's he coming back?
Spongebobys, baby, thawies, in grades.
Not as bad as the fans in Philadelphia,
but then who the hell is?
That thing with Michael Irvin and a Philly fans boo
and carrying on and cheering the fact that,
I mean, just crazy people.
This is my friend Ron from Philly,
who gives me that big check for the center wonder beers,
a great guy, big hockey fan, flyers and the panthers.
He's a good guy.
Other than that, Philadelphia,
is there any good people there?
No, just Ron.
Here's Miami, hello.
Me, oh yeah.
Pretty good, sir.
Here on a wide juiced red with big Cadillac,
so I got this from a car dealer.
Boy!
Before you had the big luxury Japanese cars,
your choice was German and American.
So that's why they chose the Cadillac over anything
that was German made.
That's my theory.
Anyway, my question and reason for my call.
Look along with a nice Chevy Bel Air.
What was wrong with that?
In a piano?
72 Cadillac, freewood convertible, two door.
Yeah.
Can there be a yellow, white top?
How about a Henry J?
I remember Henry J, it's before your time.
Wait before my time.
Direct TV set up.
If you buy that, do all the other channels
become available also as far as like the sports channels?
No.
When they show hockey,
there's now I can view hockey on 740
or whatever number you want.
Plus sports channel in New York and all the others.
Right.
If I wouldn't have bought it with those channels,
it'd have been blacked out.
I don't understand.
I mean, the other channels are part,
I'm trying to remember because I bought the basic package.
I just renewed it over here.
Aren't the other channels part of the basic package?
Or not?
I guess not.
Well, I've, no, they're putt-like
some sports, some sports package.
But I bought Santa and I thinking
that I couldn't see any NHL games,
but all the games are duplicated on other channels.
No, no, no, but if you don't have the center I see,
they will, you won't get them on those other channels.
Okay, that was not that stupid.
You'll just, you'll get blacked out.
Okay, well, I got plenty of hockey now
and I had to give up my panther or season tickets
because two-four to drive and just wait
to expensive for a portion of it like me.
Okay, I got you.
Back to you.
See ya.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
Palm 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Oh, anybody would have told me three hours ago,
three hours exactly past.
Then I would be sitting here now at 120,
a one in the afternoon, I just said,
yes, sure.
Just another under, just keep showing us obstacles
in front of us, Greg.
We ought to be getting gigantic bonuses just for hopping
over the hoops that's not in my contract.
I don't know about anybody else.
Make sure a lot of people pay a lot of money
to see me and Hank hop over hoops.
Here's a candle, hello.
Hey.
Yes, sir.
Back to you.
We need to do that.
Change a subject for a little bit here.
Did you read about our,
one of our school board members here in Miami?
You don't mean to meet your old parades with his two guns?
That's me, guy.
The airport.
They got the one that wanted to put the metal detectors
in the school so you want to make sure
that the airport ones work real good?
Did you hear what his co-workers had?
Somebody, she said,
why did you wait two weeks to tell everybody
because there's a report that found out about you?
Yeah, she's a vegetation.
He's turning this thing around.
Why wait two weeks and then hold a press conference
after the reporter asks about it
and use the signature campaign to hide behind it?
Nice call in there.
Thank you.
Neil, what I'm asking is this.
Here's the penalty.
One, he can go to gun school.
Two, he can go to 60 days in jail.
That's the clear part.
When you know where he'll be going, don't you?
To school.
To school.
And he'll probably put metal detectors into the gun school.
There's a great tape out.
See you.
Yeah, there you go.
He can elope with very swisher, okay?
They like to take their guns to the airport.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's the Miami Lake.
Hello.
Nice talking to you.
Have a great life.
Try a Pembroke Pine.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
I got two fire reports on you about the hurricane.
Yeah, actually one about the hurricane.
Did you see Alstund Shrine?
Did you hear about him?
No.
Well, this time, rather than the auto one thing about him.
He's an asshole.
That was a parent too.
But I was looking through the channels
and I actually saw him on there.
So I wanted to see what he was doing on this report.
And this time he was testing out umbrellas.
And he was testing out like the $70 umbrellas
and the cheap $5, $10 one.
Yeah.
And it was so great because then he tested it out
and that he would like turn it both ways
to see if it would flip inside and out.
And it's hoping that it would be...
And the umbrella too, yeah.
It's hoping number one that it would, you know,
his stat boat would, you know, get picked up in the hurricane.
If not, you know, but then the best one
was that he would stand all these $70 ones are great
and stuff like that.
And the thing broke on.
All right, excellent.
And the best news I heard all year.
I love it.
Yeah.
A major ham-hawk waving asshole he is.
Yeah.
And number two was about two weeks ago, you know,
on your station there of Power 96
and everything, to be honest, this contest there is only that.
And it's about eight o'clock in the morning
and I'm driving to school.
And I hear some lady calling,
she's driving a school bus and she's playing a contest
and she's got kids on the bus and she's calling him.
Oh yeah.
You know, I mean, really, you know.
No, she's doing right.
I can't see if she be calling in.
She was ethnic, that's definitely.
No person to buy.
And, you know, Bow was asking,
hey, yeah, you know, I'm glad you're calling in.
There was only that, like, you've got nothing else better to do.
Well, you know, it's nice to see though that after all these years
the current progress that blacks are making in America,
Aunt Jumama instead of flipping the pancakes,
she's driving school buses now.
Well, at least she had a mobile phone.
There again.
And it was cell phone too.
Okay, Pat.
Thanks for the good news.
Nice going, Aunt Jumama.
Yes!
Oh, my head is just splitting from this place.
It's just splitting from here.
Like somebody took that gigantic,
oh, Jane, I think we have sitting over there.
That's tempting.
I'm like sharpening that baby up for tomorrow.
Here's Loxa Hatchee.
Hello.
Hey, Neu, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
This deserves a, you must be crazy.
You must be nuts.
Yeah.
Well, you know how far Coral Sky is, right?
From you?
I sure do a long piece or fur piece.
I'm 20 to 25 minutes west of there.
Okay.
Have some family members that drove down
to Bet Miller Friday night in the hurricane.
I must be crazy.
I must be nuts.
You imagine that?
No, not really.
How, why would you risk your life?
To see that bitch.
Yeah.
Imagine driving down the turnpike.
I can't think of any performer in the world
that I would risk any kind of weather
to, you know, drive and take my life in my hands for it.
What's the point?
Even, even my mother had to give her a phone call.
Say, mom, see you tomorrow.
Unbelievable.
All right, Neu.
Okay, fine.
Yeah, see you tomorrow, mom.
Not, oh, by the way, speaking of your mother,
I got news for it.
Nobody in the world.
Your, your mother isn't in the same category
with my mother here.
But George and I are going to have a contest
to see who is the biggest unrelenting bitch of them all.
And that's seriously, let's give them
one of those knives each and see.
You know, every Wednesday,
it used to be two days now, it's Wednesdays.
I go to my mother's for lunch,
which I'm not going tomorrow
for reasons you'll understand momentarily.
Plus, I don't feel all that great, but nevertheless.
And she always has to make a big, this is lunch.
This isn't like dinner for 20 people.
It's her and me.
It's got to be 10 courses.
There's got to be all these vegetables.
There's got to be this.
And there's got scallops and meatballs.
I mean, it's always good.
She's a great cook.
But, and I've said to her a million times,
why do you have to make so many things?
She keeps bringing out, bring out,
oh, oh, what you want, oh, what you want.
Nothing ever gets thrown out.
So while I'm away, of course,
she calls the house and I'm not there.
So John picks up the phone and she,
and I already told her I was taken off
and going up to Toronto for the weekend.
Why didn't know how come I wasn't home yet after work?
And I went right to the airport.
During the course of this accidental conversation,
when you know he comes over here every week
and eats so much food, you've never seen anybody
eat so much food, you look,
and then I give him stuff to take home
and I know he takes it home and eats it the same day.
Not to mention them, I little dog who said to vet sick,
but he's heavy, all right?
But I mentioned this to her,
well, he was sick before you left.
No, he wasn't sick before I left.
But you see, dig, dig, dig and twist and just turn and...
See, my mother has a philosophy in life.
If you can't say something bad about somebody,
don't say anything at all.
I was rifling through his garbage,
rummaging through the garbage
and found a Snickers wrapper, fat rich.
She found this to fat rich, who by the way,
I think just hit 600 pounds again last week.
At the track with that 18th piece of lasagna.
I scored, Bertie, it's been nice to know.
I asked him, I said, what kind of flowers do I mean
to bring to your funeral?
27 after 1 at 5, 60, WQM.
See you mother old dog.
We down in Jamaica in the care of the bean.
They got the best of her that you ever seen.
Ask anybody in that table of work.
They tell you this is the country where the country is good.
Roughly man has some he wants to sell
and from a mile away you can detect these smell of smoke.
Smoke, gun, the smoke, smoke.
We light up the spliff and smoke.
Smoke, gun, the smoke, smoke.
Smoke, gun, the smoke, smoke.
The gun should be good.
You'll be carried lots of herb in the gun.
Back, smoke it everyday until your lungs turn black.
With all the money that we have made.
Jamaica doesn't need any foreign aid.
Americans who are storming here and say,
got nothing like this in the USA.
They smoke, smoke, gun, the smoke.
Smoke, the light of the spliff and smoke.
David and the puff and choke.
Smoke, gun, the smoke, smoke.
The gun should be good.
Okay.
Here, I'm the Delpherson you are a rough dog man.
You like to smoke the giant slip whenever you can.
Many people coming here for miles around.
To buy the earth from you, buy the ounce and the crown.
Raster man, say to her, I'm all right.
The gun should be good tonight and then they smoke.
Smoke, gun, the smoke, smoke.
The light of the spliff and choke.
Smoke, gun, the smoke, smoke.
Smoke, gun, smoke, smoke.
The gun should be good.
Here.
All right.
Come on.
134 or 560 WQM.
I mean, what kind of an asshole will go in a pouring rain
to watch any performers?
It would be like going up to the Crosky amphitheater
to see the backstreet boys and getting poured on last year.
I'm sorry.
Well, I was that Jack S. Woody Graber would never give us any advance
warning much less of poncho and seek to about 20 miles away.
Nice going, Woody.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Deal.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
OK.
I got to tell you a couple of hurricane stories.
I got to set this one up for you.
First, I want to give Bill Kamal credit.
He was flying around the weather station there.
Yeah.
Heaging that there was a hurricane coming.
But if like, he didn't want to contradict the national weather
service.
So another team is right on the edge.
He had a toe right on the edge of the closet door.
Yes, he did.
Uh-huh.
The other thing is I'm coming into work in the morning.
OK, in Hollywood.
And I see a Channel 7 news truck in a parking lot.
Facing a 7-11.
Yeah.
And the reporter is out there and they're setting up.
So I rushed into the office and I turned on Channel 7.
Now bear in mind this particular parking lot has a 7-11, a pizza shop,
and a laundromat.
That's all that's in there.
Right.
If it drizzles this parking lot floods.
Yeah.
It always did.
When I'm coming in, there's no floods on the street.
I mean, it was like, this is 9 o'clock in the morning.
Then it was like a regular summer rain.
You know, no big deal.
All of a sudden the station comes on the air.
The reporter gets on.
Here I am in Hollywood.
And we can show you how this parking lot is completely flooded.
This is Strythmall.
Oh, you talk about no credibility.
Yeah.
A Strythmall for a pizza joint.
What a shock.
And they had the camera pointed into the one end with his giant
pothole that always floods.
That's Channel 7.
If anybody can find it, they're the ones.
I was waiting for Rick Sanchez to come out and squat on a parking lot.
I mean, they showed this.
Better watch you, my drop something.
Yeah, finally they went over to the beach and did something,
you know, and showed the little waves over there.
Because there was nothing going on at 9 o'clock in the morning.
Thanks for the good news.
Take care.
They may not be good, but at least they're consistent.
Oh, yeah.
Thanks.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Hey, boy, what's that in your mouth on the AT&T wireless line?
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hollywood.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
OK.
I used to listen to you when you were when the bird was with you.
Yeah.
Back in the days.
I haven't called you in a long time.
But I heard somebody say you have white footed in.
That's what he said.
And I have white footed uncles too, by the way.
Well, I can get rid of him for you if you want.
No.
How does this guy know I have white footed in?
I mean, over the phone, this guy is diagnosing my ants.
Well, that's what the other guy said.
They might not be good, huh?
They might not be white footed in ants, but I have an exterminating company.
Yeah.
Well, I have to give my buddy Phil one more chance.
Yeah.
Or else you can call me your slime.
OK.
Give George your number.
Because Phil shows up on the roof.
And the method of that.
What was that?
What?
You didn't feel that or hear that?
Hang on, sir.
You didn't just feel that thud.
I heard a little thud.
A little thud?
I thought you were tapping your foot.
Talk to this ant guy.
What the hell was that?
It just felt like the whole roof was cabin' in here.
Somebody thuddened something out there.
Jesus Christ.
I got to get out of this building.
Got only 23 more minutes.
That's the office pool.
Will they survive a live?
Get out of here today.
Crazy place.
These are crazy people here.
560.560 on the AT&T line.
Here's a lady in Tamarack.
Hello.
Hi there.
Yes, ma'am.
I was one of the idiots that drove out to the stadium.
Wow.
You know, $200 worth of tickets.
My daughter and I got in the car.
We went out there to get a half a block of the stadium and they canceled.
I had her call on the cell phone to call the recording to see what they were saying at that point.
They said that it was still a go.
That recording stayed on that phone until 5 after 8.
No, until 5 after 8.
5 after 8.
Very nice.
I mean, you know, we went.
I had seen her on a lot of touches and I felt she was a better person than that.
But in truth, she's a bitch.
She's a bitch.
If you read the Sunsendel today, it said it was all her.
Right.
It really surprised me when I read that.
I thought it was a promoter or whatever.
She wanted them to move the Panther game from Saturday to Sunday so she could perform on Saturday.
Yes, that's a need to go.
And then after we'll, I got to get off.
Yeah.
And then the performance was okay.
I've seen better share with much better.
Right.
But she never, didn't even apologize.
You know, and just one little apology for making, you know, or a thank you for the 2,000 people who died out on the street and braved her cane to come to your home.
No, but no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
And the dumb fact from A. If you've ever wondered why Uranus was kind of brown looking, it's because it's very gaseous, and the dust particles around it tend to congeal within the gas and give it that dark hue.
Another little known fact about Uranus is that it too has many thin rings around it. It's also the only planet in our solar system that spins on a reverse axis, probably due to a large celestial collision billions of years ago.
This one fact has been brought to you by the astrological society of scientists. Why? Well, what the hell do you think we were talking about? That's gross.
Rectum, okay, 16 till 2 at 5, 60 W at QM, don't forget, no pizza lot, the parents thought it'll be next Tuesday, 6 to 8 PM, and the good news is that there be vies that upgraded and better sounding and kosher best in the LCDs will be inspects starting this afternoon in data and brown.
And very, very soon over and for Myers and Palm Beach County, wherever else so we can get them. Oh man, where we going? Let's go to everything. Here's a project, baby. Things that other people can do, roll and I roll them out of bed in the morning is a major project here at QM. It's the QMF in way because they just don't get it. Here's Miami Lake. Hello.
Speaking of Uranus, there's an article in the Miami Herald today about the rickie files. All about everything you always wanted to know about Ricky Martin. There's only one thing I want to know, what is he going to go away already?
But they never mentioned the word, home or gay. Really? They do mention that he nearly got married. Oh yeah. They don't mention he was getting a ring and he was nearly married, but they don't mention what sex. They didn't mention where they were putting the ring.
And they want to have 20 kids. Uh huh. Little boys. I like the action probably had to lease that many. Yeah. Well, anyway, it's Miami Herald accurate again. They never do a whole article about him and they say it's everything you always wanted to know. Oh yeah.
Exactly. Believe me, you don't want to know. Have a great day. You don't want to know. 5 6 7 like I said before I've told you this a million times. He's way up there on top now, but he says he still likes it much better down there on the bottom. That's what I hear.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. So let's take the votes today. The most hateful mother in the world. Spiceful, vicious, vindictive, backstabbing, false finding, but at least yours can cook. Oh boy.
Yeah, but you know that food eating so much food there every week. You ought to see it. And then he takes some home and I bet you eating it. No, I take it home to put it up on a metal piece if I had a metal, which I don't. I put it up on the metal and say, look, here's some still meatballs that my cook boy, they were good originally.
Or maybe her head up on the metal piece would look pretty good.
Here's a lady in Miami. Hello.
Lady in Miami. Hi. Yes, ma'am. I have to tell you why listen to you since long before the bird. Well, I've been to California back, but I had successfully not listened to more than three seconds of a Ricky Martin song until today. Right. Thank you. I hope you never happened.
Okay. Thank you. I tried to avoid it as much as possible. Thank you. What's the name of that stupid thing? I could never find it because I don't know what the hell you call that thing.
Thank you. It's got a different version on the best and yield. Oh, does it? Is that the one where it says medical five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Can't wait to hear all these people. Oh, Danny, we told you he's stuck this kid here. Yeah, right.
Thoughts are ungrateful obnoxious, disgusting, phony, so-called sports fans.
Man, what passes for sports talking this time wouldn't even pass for a gas in most places in the civilized world. I'll tell you that.
The joke. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, you know, how's it going, man? Okay, sir. I'm glad you had that son in your building today because I was in Vegas over the weekend. Yeah.
And there was there was an earthquake out in the desert there. Right. And it just rocked the hotel we're in. What what are we in? I was in a hard rock hotel. Right.
And you got a hard rock for your money anyway. Yeah, right. First of all, Vegas is everything you said it was. We had the best time. We stayed for five days. We lost money. We didn't care. We ate great.
You know, the city of Miami in Fort Lauderdale could get a good lesson on how to show people a good time. Right.
Keep people with things to do. The service was great everywhere we went. And it's just a great place to go. And you know.
Let me ask you this. If casino gambling is so evil like our two newspapers are always lecturing us about. If it's so evil and how come it's so much fun out there in such a drag here?
I mean, if you don't want to gamble, don't gamble. It's real simple. You know, I like gambling. So I'm going to gamble.
Plenty of other things to do. We had a great time. It was about three in the morning, Friday night. And I had gone upstairs. I wanted to lay down for a little while. And jeez, it was unbelievable. That hotel just started swaying back and forth. And the next day, you know, everybody was telling stories about where they were. And it was just a good thing. It was a lot of 177.1 on a Richter scale.
Yeah, it was unbelievable. It was, you know, even the guys working in the hotel, they never felt anything like that out there. So it was really cool. I wanted to let you know that we had a great time. And it was great.
We missed we missed we missed a hurricane, but we had an earthquake. Well, one out of two ink bed. Yeah, 90 had a good.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. I'm gagging over here. It's 11 before 2 now. I feel better at QAM.
