Time to start the rage baby sports radio 560 WQ AM Miami Ford Lauderdale presents the Neil Roger
You're talking Neil call 5 6 7 0 5 60 toll
Come on, let's start the radio
Or pound 5 60 on yourself.
That's a good tip.
I'm fired up.
Come on.
His guests call.
Is there anyone else on the show do not necessarily reply?
There's a lot of them.
They're QAM, Beasley Read Acquisitions or the Beasley Broadcasts.
Okay.
Now Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
It's Friday, you're fast, kid.
Money is what?
Money is who?
Money is Swim Shady.
How?
Money is what?
Money is twimmy.
How?
Money is twimmy.
You're the one.
Money is twimmy.
Can I have to catch you up the cloud?
How?
Money is twimmy.
Money is twimmy.
How can I do like primates?
Want to see me stick nine of snails?
Or is he one of my eyelids?
Copy me into exactly like I did?
Try sitting and get messed up where's my life is?
Brain said wait, trying to get my head straight.
Can't figure out which bicycle I want to impregnate.
Dre said,
Shady, you were face.
Why is your face red?
You were face red.
You were face red.
Who said 12?
I felt like a cage self.
Who said you were self on the shelf, chasing the tail.
Got ticked off and ripped, Pamela is left soft.
Kiss him and said,
I ain't no silicone with this soft.
Got the pants out and crashed, falling in the grass.
Rested in the fat men and sat down to the bath.
Tell me a lady.
No, that's my girl.
Come give it to me.
Dre said me to tick off the world.
Money is what?
Money is who?
Money is Twinshoody.
Hi.
Money is hot.
Money is what?
Money is Twinshoody.
Hi.
Money is what?
Money is who?
Money is Twinshoody.
Hi.
Money is hot.
Money is what?
Money is Twinshoody.
My English teacher won the Flunk Me and Junior High.
Thanks a lot.
Next semester I'll be 35.
Smack the minute face when you raise your chasing with a stapler.
Tell me to change the grade on the paper.
Walk in the strip club.
My jacket's ripped up.
Served a bartender walked out with a tiff cup.
Extra terrestrial running over a pedestrian.
Space ships screaming legs to be friends.
Not a number cent of my life I was lied to.
Found out my mom does what dope than I do.
Told her I grew up to be a real famous rapper.
Make a record by doing drugs and name it right after.
You know you blew up when the women rushes fans.
Try to touch your hands like some screaming usher fans.
The sky white castle is my autograph.
I get you.
I decided to give a day thanks for the support.
Hi.
Money is what?
Money is who?
Money is Twinshoody.
Hi.
Money is hot.
Money is what?
Money is Twinshoody.
Hi.
Money is what?
Money is Twinshoody.
Hi.
Money is hot.
Money is what?
Money is Twinshoody.
Hi.
Money is what?
Money is who?
Money is Twinshoody.
Hi.
Money is hot.
Money is what?
Money is Twinshoody.
Hi.
Money is what?
Money is who?
Money is Twinshoody.
Hi.
Money is hot.
Money is what?
Money is Twinshoody.
Drop the tape this kid needs to be locked away.
Dr. Dre don't stand there.
Alperry.
I'm not ready to leave.
This is Sarah to die.
Be carrying this out of cemetery and buried a lot.
I'm not coming to groom and I can barely decide.
Try to fix a cool thing.
Damn it, it's dry.
Oh my life, I was very deprived.
In the woman in years my problem is too air to hide.
Closed ribs over the incredible Hulk.
I said when I talk I'll do any bitch that walks.
When I was little he said just throw fit.
How you gonna breastfeed me?
Mom you ain't got no tips.
Let your wankers show up in the bed.
Bull of progress and time I step on the head.
I'm seen in man and by the way when you see my dad it's gonna be
full of porn omega.
See my ad.
Money is what?
Money is who?
Money is Twinshoody.
Hi.
Money is hot.
Money is what?
Money is Twinshoody.
Hi.
Money is who?
Money is Twinshoody.
Hi.
Money is hot.
Money is what?
Money is Twinshoody.
Hi.
Money is what?
Money is who?
Money is Swinshoody.
Hi.
Money is hot.
Money is what?
Money is Swinshoody.
Hi.
Money is what?
Money is who?
Money is Twinshoody.
Hi.
Money is, Myudding.
My tea.
My aquestess.
Good, my energy.
My ain't this my ain't this my ain't this
Hi kids y'all like cut little stinkers that funny little sound that comes right out your fingers
One of copy me and do exactly like I do get paid for writing little songs about
My brains all gone. I'm trying to get my groove on but I can't figure out which spice girl I'm gonna fart on
Dr. Dreass. Yo, man. You passed
Yeah, I know. What do I smell at?
Well since age 12 it seemed like I always smell like hot ripping gasses and dootin was pretty swell
I got this off when I took my jeans off and bought it so hard it turned my under my backwards like criss-cross and every night
I'm like oh dinner has been one of my ass fast and a fat V2A too fast smell this honey. Yo, you'll wait in the next girl, huh?
I don't give a god's happy to stink the world up
My ain't it my ain't it
My ain't it my ain't it my ain't it my ain't it
My kids see to want to me kick down back in junior high said the problem was something
Prove up my ass and die. I shot him in the face with my vapor the worst happened later when I covered his desk with used toilet paper
I walked in the strip club my testers will fill the most of the bartenders took a dump in a tip cup
Went over to a dead to head a fucking agon she lifted a leg up and I knew she was a
My life I was lied to I just found out my mom got all gas and I do
I told her I grow up to be a famous rapper make a crack and bounce strange
No, you made on the crap
You know you was dirt when the women rush to leave
You try to hold it back, but she wasn't even released
The sky white gasses said it was pretty cool
But I had to go go drop the kids off and move
My ain't it my ain't it my ain't it my ain't it my ain't it my ain't it my ain't it my
Ain't it my ain't it my ain't it my ain't it my ain't it my ain't it my
Okay, not you know hearing the you and the ain't you got a better understanding what that's all about?
Good. That's the idea
1006 okay 1006 and 560 wqm happy friday to you
How did they ever sell any music before we had music videos by the way you know what the first music video was?
alleged
Allegedly the first music video was
Traveling man by Rick Nelson
Impedded by Aussie Nelson will he anybody believe that no that's what they tell us that's what Aussie said that was the first
music video
And it was very primitive and they just had like little scenery in the background. He's singing the song
And there's like clips from Hawaii and here in the New York or whatever and it was the first music video
Now any song without a video in more the crap forget it for example at that on MTV
They debuted the world premiere of Britney Spears
New video
And I'm gonna tell you one thing any hot-blooded
Heterosexual American guy that wouldn't like to spear Britney
He ain't what he claims to be you know
She is unbelievable and then there's something for everybody in that video because they're like on the beach
And there's guys in there one in particular who's like you know with a focus of a retention. She's looking through the yeah
She's looking at it and he's grabbing it
So there's something for everybody in there Britney Spears Jesus God. I'll tell you if I were so of that persuasion
man
I'd be like up real close to that TV. I'd have my nose in it and the screen too
But be that as it may so we got a lot of music here today
And thanks to our good close personal friend kid curry over power 96
We got 98 degrees. We got Enrique in English
You know Enrique must be pissed off at me because we're really slipping you know it
Remember those good old glory days as in glory hole well if your mom hadn't scared him off like that. Yeah
Unless it's about hockey he's not interested click
Yeah, he's sitting right there and he's sitting right there in the back
He's got a secretary on the phone calling my house. I'm away in vacation. My picks it up
And like Enrique is sitting right there placing a call to my house
Now if it's not about hockey he's not interested click slam
Thanks ma there goes my end to Enrique even though we do understand from Sam that he has a very a tiny mosquito like penis but nevertheless
Would that hold hold that that against him
Huh, but anyway he shung us this time we didn't get the new copy we didn't get anything
So we have to count on kid curry now, which is really desperate, but he's been more than magnanimous whatever that means
Yeah, we got 98 degrees. We got Ricky Martin who couldn't sing his way out of a paper sack
From Minuto to general hospital to almost complete obscurity to all of a sudden the Grammys and bigger than I mean you talk about big and small
Ying and Yang
I really have no idea how large his member is nor could I care less all the way does look very good now after the fourth makeover
But now seriously they butched him up see the problem was after general hospital
He got to be looking like such a washed out queen that nobody wanted even touch it and then they did like seven or eight what 24 makeovers
And all of a sudden he looks uh, yeah, he looks pretty damn good still can't sing with a crap, but he is big. He's gigantic
Nine minutes after 10 at 560 wqm. What promises to be a syndulating Friday believe me. I'm telling you I can I can feel it
I can smell it can you what what is it that smells?
In an incense
Now let me ask you this how come we can burn incense, but we can't smoke because they didn't tell us not to
The incense well how do they know the difference? Well the incense cover up my cheeks to gar that I brought in
Let me think about it. That's right. You know mother's day of this Sunday make mom happy by sending her a beer gram from the Vermont teddy bear company
Okay
Not worried that not looking there not when you have double
Know that the gas
I've been dressed with a great pair I found it hard to time to reach my guitar
But you better think they need stuff
My breath's on a small line over there
I
My dreams of
I will never show
15 to 560 wqm happy Friday, so what is it that Tracy needy wants to know is John wanted autograph picture of on drabalchelle
How does the autograph it very carefully like like with a squiggle like Greg Reed does
Maybe just put the thumbprint on there
No, seriously, that's not a is that an insensitive question to ask how a blind person autographed a picture
Is he been blind he wasn't blind from birth right no I'm very but chellie so he actually may have learned to write
Because he is white
But anyway
Speaking of Greg Reed by the way
Now what is what is that Britney Spears? Yeah, she is hot you got me going so I wanted to uh
She I'm gonna she hotter or she hot see that's I have great taste
No matter what my persuasion may be when I see something good. I know what it is trust me when I tell you she is smoldering
Yeah
And in her videos I didn't see the well yeah, I watched the sum of the one last night and I have it on tape
I should bring it in we could just sit here yeah
George is looking at in the picture too
But the guy that's in her videos and the one that was in the first video is that so they had they spread it around
There's a little something for everybody and they're so let's find out what people bought music because they saw the video
Anybody in this audience ever see a video and then get turned out of it and go out and buy the music
See I never would have gotten into Louise Miguel. What was that horrible thing that was on that tele hit that was on the acetylite
You know it was on channel hits there was telemiami telemiami that was it
And they were playing America remember those days back in iod and I said hey he looks pretty good whoever what that is
And of course then it turned out he could sing great too, which is like a nice extra benefit Louise
But I never would have had the slightest amount of interest if I wouldn't have seen the videos first
I bet you we got millions of people for example who would go out and buy m&m and
My my anus who would have bought that if they wouldn't hurt us playing the thing speaking a Greg Reed by the way talking about dumb
Very jackass in his column this morning takes time out from his obsession with the national of freak association
The national baboon association it takes time out from that to write about this
Wqam general manager Greg Reed whose stations loss it against the marlins over the dismantling of the championship team is still pending
Met with marlin's owner john henry this week and say these committed a fulfilling the rest of the stations contract to carry the marlin's game
The five-year fifteen million dollar deal is in its turd year and the marlins are expecting to receive their full right speed from wqam this year
Wqam allegedly withheld about two million dollars in last year's right fees from former owner Wayne hypinga
Now here comes the best part listen very very carefully to this the epitome of stupidity
John thinks the team will be competitive midway through next year Reed said
Our marlins add sales are as slow as they've ever been now, but on patient. I don't want to pull the trigger
Is that unbelievable? That's almost as unbelievable as the stuff we heard about that celebrity golf tournament this morning
About luane for listen
Roy
Yeah
And
Somebody else which for the time being I won't even mention I won't mention the idea of somebody that they wanted to bring in this year
I won't mention the name
But at any rate, I mean just stop and think about this okay
John henry says that by the middle of next year the team is going to be competitive
Is there any reason for anybody to believe that no are they going to be drawing anymore people after they lose 120 games this year or more no
So why will they be more competitive? Where's the money going to come from are they going to have a new stadium by a next season no or maybe ever
No
But our general manager because again he's in it for the ego not for the money baby. He's in it for the ego. He's mr. Sports. He's the freaking expert regrees
He's the jock man. He's the only general manager in the market that was a jock strap to work every day you know it's uh huh
Yeah, that's right. Maybe that's why he's got that cracked coxus
He does he's got a crack no problem
John says the team will be better by midway next year so we're just going to sit back and and he says the Marlon ad sales are as slow as they've ever been right now
Now is that saying a lot because last year at this same time
Nobody wanted to buy any spots in the Marlon games. That's all we heard about it any price then this year
They start out. What was it 300 bucks a pop they were trying to get
250 300 bucks a spot for the Marlon uh spot
Everybody like laughed them out of the they they'd walk in the door and they'd say are you kidding me
I'm gonna pull out on the floor in hysterical laughter
But this man says oh yeah, we're in it uh, you know, we're not gonna panic we're patient
And so we continue siphoning off the money that all the hard work and people there at qm could be making so that Greg Reed can be the sports maven he could be the sports hot shot the big shot
WQ a m
Hey George. Yes. What's the facts number there?
305
This isn't George. How you doing three oh five oh right oh one ninety oh hey, no
What do you got that really good?
So really good to send you what is it?
Uh, I was picking up my paint when we turn the radio down
Uh picking up my paper eat and the forum was sitting next to the Sun Sentinel. What's that?
I don't know man. I live out near you. It's a paper and sunrise. Yeah
On the
I've never seen it before I mean I've seen the Jewish journal in the herald by so what the heck is this with
Says on the front page restrooms and sawgrass mills more listed on web as hot spots for gay sex
It's a sawgrass
Oh my god, we're up there we're up there right out there
I want to send this over to you. Yes, don't worry. Oh, well, if I get that to me right away
Let me tell you another thing you got to tell me what you think about this jackass police
Where's his name you'll see it when I sent when I send it over yeah
Is uh comment about the warning families children of not peeing alone or something here
No, don't ever all your kids out there don't ever go pee alone
Yeah, it's great years always find some old let's looking guy out there in the uh
Mall to take you in there by the time I'm gonna take you in the tea rooms and keep your company right
I'll let it over to you. Okay, thanks
Ha ha ha
Isn't it ever remember that song who was that that said I want to pee alone
Was that my lane of detrick that's what you used to say I want to pee alone
Don't ever pee alone. There's a message tell by and cheer me to get on the cbc on hockey night in Canada tonight
All new kids out there. Here's a message for you don't ever pee alone unless you want to turn out to be like
Sheldon Kennedy and Theo Ferry don't ever pee alone
Speaking of hockey by the way. Wow
And then I hear that half-bake crap this morning on the morning on the Joe and the big old boys show
About the fights and they all like to fight. I'm gonna tell you something here's the sport like I just like I said the other day
And as usual, I'm right
Where these guys have no respect for each other and none and if anybody in this audience so they ended the Dallas St. Louis game last night
I mean, I saw most of the Boston Buffalo game not a bad game
And I saw a good part of that Dallas St. Louis game
Dallas is ahead to nothing late in the game about two and a half three minutes left
And here comes Pat for beak who has always been one of the dirtiest players to ever lace up a pair of skates
With a two-handed slash on the back of Pierre Turgon at frog in the back of his knee on the back of his leg right by the knee
And he goes down like a ton of brisk
He's laying there for beacons a stupid penalty which could let St. Louis back in the game
Then Mike Mandato gets the empty net goal to make a three-moth in Dallas so the game is basically over
But we have time for one more faceoff. It's center-eye
So here comes the token schfarzer from St. Louis whose name is Jamal
Mayors whatever the hell kind of a name that is
And he slashes another two-handed slash to a Darryl Sidor who's the Dallas one of the best defenseman in the league and certainly Dallas
A most important defenseman right on the shoulder and he goes down like a ton of bricks
See we're not talking about fighting now. We're talking about guys doing stick work having no respect for each other
What's the whatever just like what what's his name?
Did to a Jeremy Redneck there?
They're in hatcher same sin crap
They have no respect for each other and yet if you call somebody a name
Oh, he called me a dirty Indian he called me a nigger what you know then right away
They're finding and dirty bitmen sticks his nose in and the meeting gets all been out of shape that's bad
But to see the kind of things that they're doing to each other like I saw last night
I mean this is just uh if these two guys both of them especially for beacons a dirty miserable rotten piece of crap
He's about a half a step away from clod of you
If he don't get at least two or three games suspension for that
I'm gonna raise like a and if I'm gonna file an official protest
You believe me? No, I'm gonna be picked off
I'm gonna suck the rage
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Dale. Yes, sir. How you doing?
Pretty good. Listen, I just got relocated to New Jersey and I'm suffering a Neil Woodtrust
Is there any plans for WQM to broadcast? Oh, yeah, don't you have what do you mean that we are on the internet?
I'm sorry. We are on the internet
Which you're not broadcasting live. Yes, we are. We certainly are all over the world
We do
What do you mean with who it's right there on the audio net?
Just look up WQM or just uh hook onto neo-rodgers.com or the QAM website. We're on there
Thank you very much and God bless you sir
And don't open a window is because in Jersey, you know what'll come what will seep in
Probably smells almost as bad in Jersey as it doesn't hear now with that awful incense that George is burning any other room
God is that stink
It's out now. It doesn't make any difference. See that's what I would like to know
How come it's okay to burn incense?
But if I smoke the nice flavorful aromatics cigar here just a little one, huh?
Then then bluff will come running in here again pretending to be uh do something
And I do mean pretending
That was something that they he come and go was a non-smoking building blow it out your ass. Okay sweet heart. Get out of here
I'll go play with yourself
Yeah, we got heavy-duty music stuff today baby 98 degrees
And there's another one that you're right
I in fact when I went out and I did uh the one that telkit crew actually did by the old my did because I didn't know for sure if you'd have it from your not
98 degrees and rising and you're right this thing sat around here for an eternity and you kept the saying hey
There's supposed to be uh this and I looked at the cover and of course they all look pretty ugly
And I thought uh huh and I never hear no but I never heard any their music
So why would I have listened to it?
And then it comes to find out that whoever took the photos for this thing uh you know did a pretty bad job
Because Nick I was always an important singer in every group named Nick there's Nick on a young and a horny
Every place you look is anybody ever seen an ugly guy named Nick? No
Huh stop and think about that Nick Nolte
Yes
Like I said there's always one the trigger in the wood pile or he really is grotesque
He gets on my nerves. He you know who he reminds me of the guy I have Gary Busy. Don't they look similar?
Gary Busy looks kind of like his retarded half brother
Nick Nolte man as you get on my nerves although that was a good that wasn't he in the down mountain Beverly Hills with the bet midler
That was a good movie
She she was she's always great
Well how do I look at oh so anyway this guy's name is Nick who like his delete the singer in their big hit song
This this video is gigantic. It's hot. I'm talking MTV. Is there anybody in this audience? Well watch an MTV
Of course not even a pervert's don't the aren't into it yet. No no
The hardest thing that's the name of the song off this album in the album set around like forever never
And then suddenly and somebody saw what the Nick looked like and they said
It's so hard. Yeah
Even though he doesn't have that schnauz. He's got a little bit of a schnauz
But you know something a lot of guys a lot of people a lot of ladies a lot of anybody would overlook it
As in like it's getting close to lunchtime
So let me just say this before we until I see their video
I don't know about that business about let's suck the rage. I don't know
But you see a video and right away you want to run out and buy the record
How the hell did anybody buy records before I guess we didn't have any choice
We had to listen to whatever they were hyping on a radio back in the payola days
Like love is strange by Mickey and Sylvia which was number one on WMGM in the york before was released in the records doors
And somebody said somebody's taken payola here something really stinks
Anybody remember WMGM Peter trip the curly headed kid in the third row on WMGM 1050 New York no before it became WHN no
See what do they know what by the way the time jikah run anything about the ratings yet. No thank you Tom you bolted a prute take
1027 at 550 WQ and if you
Speaking of your car still alive
I'll be back in town my girlfriend wants me
Do I know how she wants some smooth and clean when she sounds there if I want to get some I gotta say find us
Why can't we find us that's where we tell them in a place that's for
shaving
My wax I have good
I
Feel
You know that is good.
Alright.
1032-560.
W.K.
We're off and running to our usual crawling start.
I want to say this about yesterday.
Show, okay, those last two and a half hours.
This audience disgraced itself, this community disgraced itself to a level seldom heard in
the history of mankind.
But we continue plotting right along.
But I can see that it's going to be a long hot summer in this God for second town.
567-0560.
Here's our one lonely caller in Pembroke Pines.
Hello?
Pembroke Pines.
How's that possible?
Maybe wanted to hear some music.
Oh, is that it?
Okay, like I said, not a call on a board.
This is this place is just unbelievable.
So when a guy called yesterday and said, which was one of the all time, one of the all
time great comments, by the way, if I can find it, when he said,
so you're back.
I thought, yeah.
Yeah, that was profound.
I'm not sure whether that was my favorite or the woman I wanted my mother to call in on
the show.
Those two, that was in fact maybe we'll vote on that later on.
That'll be our poll question, which was the greatest call of yesterday, which believe
me, covers a lot of territory.
Here's a mobile in Bokeh.
Hello?
Yes, I'm calling regarding not letting my children go pee pee by themselves.
Yes, sir.
Because of the, just maybe a little over concern about rather these safe and sorry where
it comes from my kids.
Yeah.
And we hear horse whores all the time.
So I'm surprised that you had ridiculed somebody for doing that.
What do you mean by that?
Well, I heard you say earlier that.
You said I'm ridiculing.
I just got through saying all your kids out there.
Make sure that you bring somebody in there with you.
Well, you're kidding about bringing some old man in there with you.
I mean, I will leave a ball game.
I will leave wherever I'm at.
So what would you thought I was serious?
That the other takes some more like, let me ask you this.
You let your kids sit on Santa Claus' lap at the malls?
With me right by the side, yes.
Yeah.
And what about when Santa starts bouncing up a little bit too much?
How I'll pull my child off the lap.
God bless you, sir.
Okay.
Merry Christmas.
Okay.
Boy, just lighten up a little bit.
Will you please for Christ's sake so you a nervous nellies out there?
And by the way, if your kid is 15, I wouldn't be taking him in a restroom by the hand when
he needs to go pee.
Okay.
I think that might be a little bit too old.
In addition to what you're probably the one that's going to wind up in a slamer, if you
got some young guy by the hand and you were escorting him in there to help him take
a leak, I think probably security will take your ass away and justifiably so.
And probably your frock and your collar too.
So here's the facts from the guy that promised it by the way and he wasn't joking.
It's a whole big article which I'll get into momentarily.
This is a good topic for you.
Okay.
All you kids out there like this last guy said, stay with daddy.
And you know, I see like, where the hell was it?
I was taking a leak.
I'm trying to think because I've taken so many leaks in my life.
Not the one on the train.
I remember that one.
But I was taking a leak in a restroom.
So I guess it was at the airport, one of the airports on this last trip.
And the guy brings his little girl into the men's room.
Now you're nodding your head.
Now when Sabrina was like, little girl, no.
Now what, what does that mean?
Now what, oh yeah, that's right.
You probably took her in the ladies room.
No, I let her go into the ladies room.
There were two stages for her.
Yes.
The diaper changing.
I had to take her into the men's room and change the diaper into the little pull down
table thing.
They had a full, full, full table in the men's room?
Yeah, in a lot of places anymore.
Like at the pizza lot for example, they had the little pull down changing table.
No, yeah.
She was potted in the middle and I'm in there.
I'll wait at the door.
She goes in by herself.
She knew the whole procedure.
Right.
But anyway, so this guy's been, and she was, I don't know, I mean, she was like maybe three
or four years old.
I would say this little girl.
And he brings her into the men's room.
And she was screaming.
She said, daddy, what's that?
And she was looking right at me.
I was standing and taking a leak.
He said a very small penis.
And she said, yeah, you got a point.
She said.
You call that a penis?
Yeah.
And he just started chuckling.
Oh, seriously, don't let your kids, of course.
You know, we got parents out there.
They're kids wander off into the street.
I see stuff all the time.
And far be it for me to try to tell people.
And then they start screaming and bellyache and wondering how these things happen.
Restrooms in Saga Rasp Mills mall listed on web as hot spots for gay sex.
Most local residents know Saga Rasp Mills is one of the largest malls in the world that
says, shoppers from the surrounding areas as well as all around the world, frequent
to facility to shop to eat and just walk around and browse and wonder who the hell are
these people and what's going on here and why am I here?
Unfortunately, there may be a senior side behind the tranquil facade.
Bathrooms in the mall have become a haven for public homosexual behavior according to a
site on the internet.
Thanks to a website, www.w.w. I'm not going to read the website, which lists the best.
And it's not interesting.
They list the website here and it's a thing.
In this magazine that they were putting on your stoop.
How do you like that?
They list the website.
So just in case there might be any perverts out there, any tea room perverts, they can
find out exactly where to get all the local hotspots.
www.pervert.com.
Which lists the best cruising spots around the world and is dedicated to helping men around
the world connect for sexual pleasure.
Saga Rasp Mills mall is on the map as a hotspot for gay men cruising for sex.
Well, that's because there's all those latins in there, I guess.
The listing on the website for Saga Rasp Mills.
Now wait till you hear this.
This will just, you'll be sucking the rage when you get through hearing this.
The listing on the website for Saga Rasp Mills reads as follows.
Saga Rasp Mills mall sun rise, toilet near the target entrance inside the mall.
J.C. Penny toilet is also popular.
What is it about toilets at J.C. Penny's from Westland to Saga Rasp that makes them such popular cruising spots?
Oh, you're back.
Yeah.
Is that incredible?
Tastes like a penny would be appropriate now, I guess.
Penny in Spanish is Venus.
Penny is how about Piny pasta and Italian?
I'll tell you what I think I could Piny pasta the pizza lot.
Do they have, they don't have Piny pasta, do they?
That's the pizza lot.
You have to find out from Jeff if we ever had a menu where anything we've only been on here what 30 years will be?
And I haven't got a menu in here.
We have a menu?
Oh yeah, we do have a menu.
Sitting in the bottom with crust on it.
They don't have no Piny pasta.
They got a manacotti and stuff.
Shell is in that award winning lasagna and chicken catatory and that amazing tortellini alfredo,
which is the best tortellini you've ever had in your life.
And the world's the best garlic rolls and three different kinds of great pizza and chicken and veal and egg plate dishes that will knock your socks off and bake ziti with everything in the world on it.
And lots of other great subs and etc.
But they don't have Piny pasta, I'm sorry.
You'll have to check that.
What did you say they have in the tea room at the pizza lot?
A full-bound thing for Jeff Cohen.
And then they have to, they have to restrain from the stuff hanging from the ceiling, the handcuffs.
You're going to have a great time over there whether it's in the restaurant or in the tea room.
At the pizza lot man and of course, you'll find them at 3514 South University Drive in the Davy right between Griffith and 595 right next to the North
South Eastern right behind Pier 1 in Port.
You can eat it there, have it delivered, take it home for a takeout in delivery call 954 9168880.
Not kidding.
Are you f***ing kidding me?
How I love the liquor, Clinton, that is why I become a singing lesbian nun.
Oh right.
Is there Mary Katz, a rent with so impressed with what I done to give me action with her son?
Can you conceive, or say if you leave that to someone's the number one?
Because I was a nun.
Yes.
Sound away to make some cash and hope the royal piece will laugh because retired nuns don't get nuns.
I never made it that big because I didn't look that great.
So I got beyond new habits, new and drugs and getting laid.
Had my wand and only hit the mend of that, it can get hit the Pope's bed there's my big.
Now that I'm dead I can reveal how much I wanted Sally Field to go with Lynn in my week in New York.
You know more I think about it that got a call before there was very uptight and very humorless.
I think he's barking up the wrong tree because first of all if there's a perverts in the tea room they're not going to be had there could be attacking like little kids right.
That could be having sex with little kids.
Oh by the way speaking of sex with little kids, where is that story?
Yep.
Parents who in S.U. in case of pedophile, parents of six autistic children are suing Nova southeastern University saying officials did not conduct a required background check on a volunteer with charge of the lasting children there in 1997.
Like I said, I think that guy's got a point.
Don't leave your kids alone with anybody. Don't trust anybody because there's a lot of lunatics out there.
The volunteer Daniel Patrick Donahue is a convicted pedophile with a four and a half years in the California prison for 1984 charge of Ludenlis-Losibius' assault on the child.
And now how can you always your four and a half years for Ludenlis-Losibius' assault on a child?
I'd say minimum 50 years.
He was also convicted of oral copulation and Ludenlis-Losibius' assault on a child in 1983.
Donahue, 59, was accused in 1997 of fondling at least two boys at Ralph J. Bowdoin, the oral school, oral school in Davy.
Is that like a little play on words?
Oral school, which is run by Nova and five other kids at Virginia Schuman Young Elementary School in Fort Lauderdale.
He has since disappeared and people think he left the country.
So he's been charged, he's been sued, but he'd be long gone.
They just failed into the background check, you know, little minor things.
Minor things.
So anyway, getting back to this...
Oh, seriously, I don't think that you'd have to worry about little kids going in and take a leak, right?
The one kid got assaulted at McDonald's the while back.
Remember that a couple years ago in the news? How old was that kid?
Eight, nine.
No, but he's talking about like, I'm assuming this guy is a four and five year old kid.
Why would you take an eight or nine if you had a son?
Would you take an eight or nine year old son in the A.D. room?
Would you go in with him to take a leak?
I guess it depends on where it was.
Pennings?
Well, kind of a...
Yeah.
Anyway, it says the toilet...
This is on the website, by the way, so this growth test...
We're back to this again, no matter where you look, where you lurk.
The toilet in the mall near Target, it says, is one of the best sites in the area.
Many are there at all times.
Watch out for janitors and security, but otherwise it's got a lot of guys of various ages, types and sizes.
Door makes loud squeaksounds to alert cruisers to interruptions.
Crews at urinals and between stalls, I've seen seven guys at once in here.
I wonder if they're sticking their...
...out of the stall, like in that book.
They're doing the limbo rock.
The toilet near Target is literally never, ever not being used, it says.
It's location and design make it ideal, and once you find somebody you like, it's easy to walk over to the JC Penny restroom for more privacy.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Although old men have bounded soggras, some are hung and handsome, and some young men show up to reports the website.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
So I guess, you know, I've always asked that question for years.
I keep asking you and asking, since they built the thing right back, I watch them build it right from my backyard.
I watch them build that goddamn soggras. That's how long I've lived out there in the acres.
And I keep asking the question, what is everybody going there for?
Why do you go there? Who are all these people?
Why is it such a major attraction? It took all these years until we find out that they're cruising the glory holes over there at Westlatt, the Soggras.
Here's a mobile park land. Hello.
Daniel, how are you doing?
Okay, sir.
The forum. Back to that.
Carl Spring Forum and Parkland, which is a paper in both cities.
Yeah.
Rachel and Park listed as a hotspot for Gasex.
So, what only happens is if it's the same Mary Carr who's the forum stamp writer,
and she's just cruising in that, taking stuff all off and just kind of building it up.
Yeah, Mary Ellen Carr and Paul Donovan or Hannover or something like that.
Yeah, that's all there is to it.
I mean, it's a really difficult at all.
Whatever she's taken off the web to try to just handleizing it.
Well, it's interesting because it says they asked sunrise sergeant Dave Williams,
and he says our officers are stationed full time at the Soggras.
They're fully aware of the website and so is mall security.
And they've had no reported problems in the last six to eight months.
It's a matter of routine for the officers in mall security to check the public bathrooms.
So, apparently there's probably not anything going on, but she's like you said, go on there.
It wasn't that Parkland, the Carl Spring was.
There's local residents, no trade winds park and coconut creek is family oriented.
Yeah.
It's beautifully landscape.
Unfortunately, there's a city aside behind the transports aside.
And it says Carl Spring's police say this city used to have a problem, but it doesn't exist anymore.
So, so Mary Ellen Carr is busy looking for glory holes everywhere.
That's what she's doing.
She's picking her nose wherever it shouldn't belong because she just can't do nothing.
Okay.
Thanks for the good news.
Okay, eight million open lines here.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 05, 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
So, I should never ask that question about buying music after you see a video
because nobody in a audience buys music anyway.
You go into a record store like I did yesterday.
I went into Shock Buster, which has soon become warehouse records, by the way.
That's a West Coast chain.
I didn't know Block Buster was sold to you.
That's the good news.
You know, all these got nothing to do with it anymore.
But anyway, I went in there to get a couple of these things that I have to buy with my own money
since I can't find them around here.
And there's nothing but kids in there.
There are no adults buying music anymore.
They just they don't buy it.
So, why am I wasting my time?
I should go over to Power 96 and ask about that.
Then I get a response.
Here on this AM station, forget about it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's the mobile in Parkland again.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Got a question about hockey for a second.
Yeah.
What's your opinion and prediction on the Toronto Pittsburgh series?
What's my opinion?
At least we know how you see the series going.
Toronto 1.6, high scoring games.
5, 3, 6, 4, leasing 6.
All right.
I say to penguins and six myself.
Thanks a lot.
Okay.
Well, whatever you say.
Because our opinions are like assholes.
Everybody's got one.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's the mobile implantation.
Hello?
Good morning.
Good evening.
Good morning, sir.
You made the comment of things that you hear when you go to the tea rooms.
Yeah.
I did.
Well, something close to that or you're experiencing it to them there.
Yeah.
Also, the rest area is on somebody in the back.
I don't find restrooms to be sexually stimulating places.
Because first of all, every restroom I've ever been and smells like a restroom.
I'm going to be even worse.
Right.
Smells like tap.
Doesn't it?
It sure does.
I mean, when you go into a restroom, it don't smell like roses.
I hate to break the news of these people, but it's not like a romantic environment when you go into a public toilet.
Unless you have other ideas in mind.
Yeah.
But some people don't.
But while in a public restroom, when a restroom is on a term spike one time, the guy next to me makes the casual comment as I'm getting ready to leave.
And his mother always taught him to wash his hands after he went peepee.
No, really.
I looked at him and said, my mother always told me not to pee on my hands.
I'm good.
Excellent.
Have a good one.
Tell him to mind his own goddamn business.
Yeah.
How do you like that?
Oh, I've heard that before too.
In fact, you know, when it goes to hockey.
And I never take a leak and then wash my hands.
And like I've said before, if you respect your f***ing, wouldn't you, if you're that concerned about cleanliness, wouldn't you wash your hands first?
Right?
Before you handle your f***ing.
Yeah.
Like they said in fame, respect it like you're violin bow, you know, or there was a deal away around.
I don't understand that unless you're f***ing dirty, then why you gotta wash your hands? What is that all about?
Never been able to understand that.
Only guys that went to University of Michigan washed their hands after they'd take a leak.
Yeah!
Just as man did, she'll tell you.
5667-0560-05060 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello.
Yes, Neil.
I want to bring up a subject, you probably tired of hearing it, but I'm the first time caller.
Yes. I mean, my 60s, I'm a Korean War vet combat vet.
And I can call her out at that high school.
I'm really upset about a situation where we had a SWAT team there.
Half of them were on one side of the building.
And half of them were on the other side of the building.
Somebody shot up at the roof.
And so the other half of the SWAT team started shooting at the roof and they're all shooting at the roof.
And they make a long story short.
They didn't go in for four hours.
Well, yeah, nothing. There were other ones that were inside.
Well, you know what? I would have liked to have six fathers with flak jackets.
Right, that's right.
And I would like to have six fathers, right? Give me six fathers or give me six gal bonds, then.
And he would have been through that door in a heartbeat.
That man, that teacher lied there, laid down here.
There were three and a half hours and then he died in the arms of the paramedics when they finally came in.
Isn't that tragic?
Yeah.
And we don't know how many of the 11 kids beside the two mothers.
Exactly.
We don't know how many of those kids could have been saved too if they would have got to help sooner. That's right.
Exactly, Neil.
You know, somebody passes the comment that, well, you know, they didn't want to go in there half-hazily and then risk their lives.
Well, what the hell are they supposed to be doing? Isn't that their job?
Thank you.
Isn't that going with a territory?
Thank you.
Yeah, it really upsets me being in combat, right?
And when we're in combat, we have people shooting at all times, but for a SWAT team to hit a school where we got students that they hear gunshots and know where they're afraid to go through the door.
My God, that's what they're trained to do. They got flak jackets on. They got metal shields. I'll never understand that.
I had nobody to complain to, but you.
Okay.
And I'm sorry. Thank you.
How many of you, sir?
Right.
Of course, nobody cares about that thing. It's just another, you know, made-for-TV event. I guess that's the way the American public looks at it.
That whole thing in Little Colorado. And then, of course, the one in Canada that nobody talked about that was, you know, a copycat thing.
And then the two kids that were arrested here, one in sunrise. I forget where the other one was.
Little girls, by the way, who were planning because they, oh, wasn't that a fun thing to do?
And now people are saying, well, you know, kids, this is really gets me.
There was an article in the paper today. I forget which jackass wrote this stuff because there's so many of them.
About kids that are bullied in school and, you know, something kids have been getting bullied in school for a zillion years.
As long as kids have been going to school, kids have been bullied in school.
When I was in elementary school, we had kids that bullied me and other kids in the way.
There are always bullies. No matter where you go, there are bullies.
Is that supposed to be some excuse for the fact that, wow, we're going to get even by blowing up the school or shooting the bun?
I'm sorry, please talk about a long stretch.
Because kids are getting bullied, therefore they get pissed off and fired up and they suck the rage.
Huh? Well, what is that that we heard at the end of the, uh, Joe and the bagel boy show this morning?
That's far too calm and, but hey, baby, let's suck the rage.
Yeah, suck this. Okay, you idiot.
With this NBA crap. And let me say it again, nobody is going to fool me.
Maybe you can fool everybody else. You won't fool me.
You can go there and you can show up and act as excited as you want.
Nobody will ever convince me that a bunch of white people want to see a big bunch of seven foot freak sparsers out there slam a jam in it.
Okay, and the best you both do. I'm sorry, you can make all the big, they can write 40 pages in the sports section.
They can bury the NHL playoffs like they do every day on page 45 way in the back by the horse race result.
They can do whatever they like. Nobody will ever convince me that anybody is that dumb.
It's a sport for dark people. The only problem is that most of them, especially in a town like this, can't afford to go and subsidize it so that you have a bunch of white people in there to make it look like they care.
Nobody in his right mind cares about that crap.
Here's a lady mobile implantation. Hello. Oh, Neil. Yes, ma'am.
All right. I was born 47 years ago today. Yeah.
Is that like a...
Golden, yes. Thank you. I all the years I've been listening to you. I have a lot of things to do on my birthday.
But you put the window down. Wait.
Yeah, put that damn window down. God damn it. My peeking is on my lap.
Yeah.
And he wants to take it out.
You would want to go flying out the window just like you're a puppy.
We went by this saw and asked me else, but we didn't go in.
Don't take your kid in a mall. I'm telling you this is my dog. This is my dog.
Don't even take your dog in there. We got dog molesters too.
Now I'm going to the Macy's mall implantation. I like that one.
Oh, yeah. That's nice and quiet.
It's a little bit. Yeah.
But the other thing is, oh shoot. Oh, probably did you want to say something to Neil?
Can you say I love you, Neil?
Let me give you popcorn. Say I love you, Neil.
I love you, Neil.
Wait. Neil.
Neil.
Yeah.
Can you hold on one second?
I love you, Neil.
No, we practice for some morning.
Okay.
All right. Well, and the other thing is, I want Neil.
Yeah.
I was the one to call it about your mom yesterday too.
Oh, yeah. Yeah.
I'll talk to you about my next day.
Sure. The great call.
Okay.
Okay. My mom says, get lost.
Happy Mother's Day to you too.
Okay. And you too.
Bye.
Happy Mother's Day to all your mothers out there.
Time to suck the rage, baby.
What was that group?
Huh?
Bruce Horn's being the sucked the rage.
Wasn't that name of the group?
Hey, let's talk some music today. How come on?
Now, let's not.
Why do I even ever play music on a show?
What a waste of time with this audience.
What they know about music.
1056 and 560 WQM.
What's the daughter's day?
Oh, she's R-E-C-E-I-O-S.
Oh.
It's the record time.
I'm gonna kick off my news.
Drift off my dress.
It makes me wet when I see you, Jess.
A big, in-rex.
That's too big for my mouth.
I want it mercenary and a top of you.
And take it up my lubricated hoops to.
Give me an erex.
I'll see you to the wall.
R-E-C-E-T-I-O-S.
I want a great scoreball.
I want your love and quality on me when you suit your lovelies.
And that I'll give it up all.
Here's a morning exit.
And take it up.
At least until you take up this.
I want a wrap on this around your clothing tube.
And make your wonder where the flow is moving.
That's a miracle.
And it's on circle side.
R-E-C-E-T-I-O-S.
I want a great scoreball.
The good news is 7-3 years old.
George has got to.
What is that thing you're reading that in?
She's only 17 years old.
Let me ask you this.
If you were going into the sawdust with Britney Spears and she had a
take a leak, would you escort her into the restroom?
George has got his tongue on his shoulder.
Well, I tell you, but she's only 17 years old.
That's jailbatant in America, mister.
You better cut the crap right now.
One will she be 18.
Not soon enough.
Here's a mobile in Parkland.
Is everybody called from Parkland today?
Or what's going on over there?
Hello?
Yeah, I'm not in Parkland.
Okay.
I'm listening.
Okay, I'm going to talk about the POWs that came back.
I like any other American thing.
It's a great thing that they were able to get them out of that.
Yeah.
But on the other hand, I have this crazy thought that they were literally born out of that.
What's your opinion on that?
I think Jesse took a bunch of money, a bag of money, and gave it to most of it.
Is that it?
You got that right.
Could be.
I just think it's...
You know what?
I think that if we're smart, what you do is you play them for suckable.
We're already doing that.
You play them for suckers and think, okay, thank you.
We got the three guys back.
Now we're going to continue bombing the crap.
I'll be until you cut the crap.
And that's what we're doing.
I'm just surprised that nobody has...
And of course, the crap we do...
Maybe they bought them out of that.
Well, again, ever know, who knows what he slipped on me.
We do know that the...
One of the guys in Russia was setting all kinds of getting cash from Hussein in Iraq.
We know that.
That's $750 million.
Right.
Right.
I just want to open my opinion on that.
Okay.
You know, Jesse raised all that funny money from...
What was it?
Operation Rescue or...
What was it in Chicago?
Did he use to call it?
Jesse Jackson?
I think that's what it was.
Well, regardless of what they called it, he had all this money coming in.
Nobody ever could figure out where it went.
So maybe it took him over and give it to Waslabiyeo.
What did Sam want, by the way?
To know if you heard the new Enrique song.
The new Enrique song, what?
The one that's in English.
And by the way, there is no new album that I mentioned that.
And they did not shine us in Tracey Neal.
We'll take care of it.
I guarantee Enrique will take care of us.
Immediately not sooner.
These people are not in the music this crowd.
They don't know their music.
They don't care about music.
They certainly don't...
They don't buy music.
They definitely...
Maybe that's why they take them to this hotel.
It's bad to really.
So they were like yours.
I don't think they call them...
That's what it's about.
Come on.
You know my, you know my...
Let's think of it.
Let's think of it.
Let's think of it.
Let's think of it.
Let's think of it.
You know my...
Don't have to understand.
Just enough to...
Nothing is more...
Nothing is more...
Nothing is more...
Come on, I'm just going to speed it up.
Don't let the world in that side.
Don't let the world in the world in the world.
Nothing is more...
Nothing is more...
I love...
I love...
It's a real thing.
You know I love...
I love...
I love...
I love...
Okay now there's Enrique in English, okay?
And how about Ricky Martin who couldn't sing his word of a paper sack?
Which I don't...
I couldn't get the new single because it was sold out at truckbuster.
How do you like that?
You can't get a hold of that thing for a lover money.
I don't want it because it sounds just like this crap.
You have to be local to buy it.
You have to be local to think they're Ricky Martin.
I mean he looks pretty good after that 18th makeover bit.
So, Kanna's last motto from General Hospital, Richard Simmons, Rich Greenfield,
or Ricky Mark's tough question.
Here we go.
Oh!
Oh!
You see you're right, it's Ho Chi Kucci.
That's what they like.
They like that Ho Chi Kucci stuff.
Evening Enrique record, you know what it's once it gets going there.
It's Ho Chi Kucci.
That's the key to the success.
Glad you finally caught on Enrique.
They don't like the slow stuff, the ballads,
they don't like the syrupy stuff anymore.
That's passe, that's out.
They're into the Ho Chi Kucci, just...
That's it.
That's when you're taking...
What are you doing?
What are you doing?
Just acting like this, yes it is.
What are you doing?
What are you doing?
By the way, there's a rumor going around that Ricky Martin shows his nuts too by the way.
Huh?
I just started it.
I mean I don't have anything against Ricky Martin.
I wish him all the way up.
He don't need my best wishes.
He's doing fantastic.
He's hotter than the Hall of A.
But he just can't sing.
I'm very sorry.
I wish he could sing because then I'd like him a lot better.
He does look pretty good now for an old washed out burnout, whatever he is for a burnout.
Here's West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes sir.
How are you doing?
Great.
Listen, first of all, I've been listening to your show for about a year and a half.
I don't always agree with it, but I definitely always enjoy it.
Uh huh.
A question about yesterday.
I listened from about 1130 to about 130.
Yeah.
I have never heard somebody idiot call up on your show.
Well, listen, don't play.
You know, we had a guy that called yesterday,
since it was a tack-neal day, who starts in like a pseudo-intellectual.
Well, this is all year-false because you won't talk about anything intelligent.
There is one day on this show that I don't come in in the morning and do my monologue.
The first half hour, 40 minutes, sometimes a whole hour,
talking about the shooting in Colorado, about gun maniacs, about all of these things.
And nobody in this town has ever got anything to say about it.
So this guy's blaming me because nobody's got anything to say lately.
Well, if it's something new in this town, then nobody's got anything intelligent to say.
It makes it a little easier to understand why the tragic thing that happened in Colorado.
And a lot of the other things that happened out here.
Don't you understand, sir? Nobody cares.
Nobody gets pissed off. Nobody gets psychotic.
They just accept it and, okay, what's going on next?
How's the tornado victims? They're going to be okay?
Okay, what's next?
They don't give a crap.
It's a shame, though, that people, the type of people that shoot the...
We're calling it yesterday, the same type of people that perpetrated the things that happen in Colorado,
and the things that happen in Colorado.
There's plenty of assholes out there, sir.
And the sad part of it is, it's not just a bunch of kids that were adults with that same mentality,
who think that they're funny.
That's the sad part about this town, is we've got a bunch of overgrown children running around on the loose.
Yes, it is. Listen, you've done a five-potted day.
They take them by the hand and take them in the tea room and leave them there.
Neil, thank you very much. You've done a great job. Take the rest of the day off.
Okay, thank you.
Hey, see you.
Sounds good to me. Just play music the rest of the day.
They don't even have a comment about music these people.
They don't know Ricky Martin from Enrique Iglesias, from 98 degrees, from the third degree,
from the fifth degree. They don't know nothing about anything.
Maybe it's because you're not talking about music.
What do you mean I'm not talking about? What did I start talking about while you were busy looking at pictures of Martin?
It was in 98 degrees in Enrique and a whole bunch of crap that no normal people listen to.
Hey, I hate to break the news, you. That's where it's at now.
Okay, whether you know it or not, did I not illustrate you an 911 to any of the above?
Who said we have straight men?
Oh, I'm sorry.
We're number one in Julios.
Oh, yeah, Fat Boy brought in the... See, there's another category now besides Hispanics.
We've got... What do they call it?
I'll find it here.
I'll find these sheets to the Fat Boy brought in.
Huh?
Yeah, it's Hispanic descent is Hispanic, which is a different category.
So 25 to 54 men, we're number one on this show.
Oh, no.
They tend to two. 25 to 49 men.
We're number one on this show.
Oh.
25 to 44, number one.
Oh, you like that.
18 to 49, number one.
Oh.
Hispanic unbelievable.
That's amazing.
Which I still can't figure out what that means.
Okay, Hispanic descent means that they once wore a guava bearer or somebody in their family once wore one.
Or once they'd hoarse me.
5, 6, 7.
I'm waiting on you, baby.
I mean, here's your opportunity to redeem yourselves for my pathetic performance yesterday,
but I'm not going to hold my breath too long.
Then we got that lady calls back again today.
They call yesterday once... She's got her dog talking to me today.
She wants my mother calling in the show.
Just blame me for that, okay?
Blame me because I won't talk anything intelligent.
I'm the bad guy.
Not near the Niels fault.
Not the audience.
Not top Florida that we got a bunch of dunderheads out there.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the...
Bords Fag Radio.
5, 60.
WQAM is proud to present a show that you're going to love.
Do you want Fag Sports?
We got them.
Starting this Monday,
if the Ohmknot Games show with Wally and Brian Cox,
only on 5, 60.
WQAM.
Can't wait, 115 to 550 WQM.
Even the mail is from ASSOLES.
You know, the faxes, 90% of them are from ASSOLES.
The mail is from ASSOLES.
This is an ASSOLES place.
Let's face it.
I mean, why should it be surprising that we got a lot of ASSOLES on the phone especially
like yesterday?
And lately a lot.
It's an ASSOLES place.
Like, you know, I was just saying to George, that we have one call about Britney Spears.
Is there anybody in this audience can enlighten, tell us anything about her?
No.
Well, they wouldn't know Britney Spears from Asparagus Spears, from Spear Chuckers.
They don't know nothing about Britney Spears.
Now you're going to start attacking her music too, is that it?
Uh-huh.
I mean, you know, you've never heard it.
Huh?
Haven't heard it.
Who hasn't heard it?
I haven't heard it.
Good song.
The new video is great.
World debut on MTV last night.
Like I said, we're talking to the wrong audience.
We're talking to a bunch of old parts over the age of 25.
We need to be talking to living and breeding people that know where it's at.
They know real good music like.
Money is what?
Money is who?
Money is Swim Shady.
Like that.
Did we get a call about that?
And that, by the way, wasn't M&M.
That wasn't original, but they didn't have it there anymore.
You know, you go to the records store nowadays and you try to find stuff and, you know, just
ain't easy.
What is this crap that people are sending me?
And what is this garbage?
What is this swill?
That one guy that always sends me porno.
He sent me a thing about the goddamn turnpike thing, that the express lane, all this
other silly stuff, send something good, okay?
Send money, please.
Oh, man, if you could just see this.
If you could see this group of mail and actually they were like, this wasn't a junk mail
today.
Literally.
We're just going through that time here.
Don't panic people out there.
It's only from May till November.
Here's a lady mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
I just want to say that you give a fantastic show.
And the one thing that I find very funny is, why do these people call and ask to speak
to you and then they put, you know, you're on hold for quite some time, then they come
on and all they do is talk to your British and you want to hang it up anyway.
It's because they're morons because they don't have any life.
Exactly.
They have no material, no material.
It's like this.
Like yesterday, you know, the show I'm getting at, I'm doing great, but the response is
usual is nothing.
So then I went to the screenless thing.
So as opposed to getting almost no calls, now the phones are sizzling.
They're smoking solid, the whole rest of the day.
But there are people that have nothing to say.
So that's when you get like that for two and a half hours.
I didn't know.
How is it possible to have nothing to say about anything?
That's when I never could understand how a place could be so vacuant such a living
and breathing vacuum is this down with so many people with nothing to say no matter what
the topic is.
Yeah, I don't get it.
The other thing I find funny is the guy who says, oh, you know, you don't want to talk
about anything except for what you like.
Well, that's why you want to show.
Is it?
And then when I just like every other one like him, and I said, well, what do you want
to talk about?
He has no material.
All he wants to do is attack me.
See, that's the substitute for having any material about anything.
Is it attack me, attack George, attack both of us, whatever.
That's a substitute for having anything to say.
Yeah, I don't get it.
Well, I just want to say that I think you have a fantastic show.
I listen every day.
F and A.
And hey, let me ask you one to new times, do you're best tonight?
No.
No, you should go.
Be a lot of fun.
No thanks.
OK, well, have a good one.
And back to you.
Bye.
Move calm down in there.
Where do you go?
It's free.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT.
AT wireless line.
So like I said, this helps me going around the gathering dust.
98 degrees.
Nice.
Get some of you by the way.
The least singer's name is Nick.
Signal is Nick.
NY, if you ever booster with a big nose.
Monster.
I can't, just because of the way you stand up.
Let me get left alone.
Let me be alone.
No, normally, if you want to have something to say uh Sorry, Oh, yeah, I hear three
It is so hard.
You know, I hate to say this.
You know who he sounds a little bit like since we're talking about T-rooms and all
other stuff.
George Flavios, I said, no, George Michael.
Oh, oh yeah.
Actually, yeah.
I'm embarrassed to say.
I'm also embarrassed to say actually a lot of George Michael's music I do like.
Personally, here in my camp nauseated by, I mean going way way back when with all his
closet bull crap and all his phony, you know, adalances with women.
He's been a flaming queen.
Anybody that didn't know George Michael was a flaming queen, going way back to WAM and his
boyfriend there.
There was allegedly, you know, one day he was his boyfriend the next day he was his
associate, whatever the hell he was.
Flaming Faggot, who are you kidding George Michael, okay?
Go back in the T-room and...
All right.
Most embarrassing part of it is that I have to admit George was right.
These are all...
And I'm not lumping them together because one of the groups is great to backstreet boys and
some of the...
And this group is pretty good they can sing and the other ones all suck.
But every one of them is manufactured with the same.
If you look at the liner notes in the CD, it's got the picture and finally in the last
picture here this, and it looks human.
But every one of them has got these comments.
Firstly and importantly, I'd like to thank the Lord.
Then Justin says, I thank the creator for...
And Jeff says, thank God and saying Jude and Drew says, first I'd like to thank God for his
blessing.
Just like the liner notes in the first Backstreet Boys album.
Same, you know, remember I thought that they were a bunch of good...
Born again Christian, goody-two shoes.
Instead of finding out that they were...
Whatever they are.
Yeah.
Sorry Nick.
What is that?
You don't know what they are.
Now you saw Kevin and AJ were in, okay?
Okay, AJ did have the tattoos in the earring.
Let's pass on him.
What?
I know what they must have done to get the job.
This is not Manudo, okay?
Yeah, what do you think Ricky Martin did?
Well, I guess whatever was coming naturally.
Is that what they were all saying?
Do what comes naturally?
Here's the lady in Pemberer Pie and tell her.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
What's going on?
Not much.
First, I just want to say, are you a Backstreet fan?
Am I?
I'm number one.
Why?
What do you mean by that?
I need to move in sync.
In sync sucks.
No, no, no, no, no.
That's the battery.
They can't sing.
They can't sing.
Do you have ever heard them live?
No, I don't want to hear them live.
I thought I tried their video on MTV last night.
I threw up four meals by the same time.
No, no, no, that must have been AJ and howling.
In fact, I threw up in sync in the sync.
No, well, no, no, no.
You're knocking a Backstreet boy?
Of course I am.
Based on what?
The Backstreet boy.
Based on what?
Based on what?
Just because Nick won't put out for you, is that it?
Excuse me?
I said just because Nick won't do you, is that it?
No, no, no, no, no.
Next to big for me.
I like real men like AJ.
I like who?
J.C.
J.C.
Who the hell is that?
Who the hell is that?
He's someone who you fall in love with if you saw him and heard him sing.
You mean from in sync?
Oh, yeah.
I saw their video last night.
They're all ugly and gross.
No, no, no, no, no.
Oh, my.
Howie doesn't look like a troll?
Howie.
Howie.
Howie.
I'm not saying that.
I am so mad.
You all love this song?
Come on, admitted.
I love my heart when I wish it to you.
You guys, if you could go.
Just like all I have to do.
I can't even come up with new material.
I'm so stiff right now.
Just thinking Nick won't leave any of this.
I'm so stiff right now.
I'm so stiff right now.
There it goes.
That little lip for his is when I cry.
But you're best in my life.
You're best in my life.
You're best in my life.
You're best in my life.
Now, what about Britney Spears?
Do you like her?
No, no, no, no, no.
No?
I don't even get me started on her unless you want me to get started.
Go ahead.
All right.
Well, first of all, the obvious.
No one at 17 years old to be getting a boob job.
Especially when.
How do you know that they're not for real?
I can see with my own eyes boob snuggled overnight.
I don't even care if you do the breast exercise.
They still don't grow.
Maybe she's been doing a lot of breast exercise.
Maybe she's been breastfeeding the whole staff.
No, she's still breastfeeding herself.
Yeah.
Maybe she's like Ron Jeremy.
Maybe she's double-jointed for people to see that.
I don't want that.
I don't want that.
Well, maybe she's just an about that.
Uh-huh.
But um, and then she says, you know, all her like little candy interviews that she does.
Oh, you should, you know, like the way that you are and be yourself and below.
And then she's 17 years old.
Her boobs aren't even fully grown.
Yeah.
She's getting implants, you know.
It works for Pamela Lee for a little while, so they start to fall out.
And Evelyn is taking them out.
It's in an interview.
Well, that's when they started getting that weird kneecap, you know.
Well, you know, but Pamela, I mean, she's, she got her whole face redone.
But she's still, I'm thinking of that.
You saw, they had, they had, they had a, they had a, did you ever watch your NPV that 9 to 10 hour?
Yeah.
Oh, that's all the requests.
Right.
I love that.
Okay, so just before they, they were playing number one is still in sync.
You'll be pleased to be like that.
Oh, it's that street, they viewed it number eight.
Yeah, I saw that.
Yeah, I saw that.
I saw that.
I saw that.
I saw that.
I saw that.
I saw that.
I saw that.
I saw that.
I saw that.
I saw that.
I saw that.
I saw that.
I saw that.
I saw that.
I saw that.
I saw that.
I saw that.
I saw that.
I saw that.
I saw that.
I saw that.
I saw that.
I saw that.
I saw that.
I saw that.
I saw that.
I saw that.
I saw that.
I saw that.
I saw that.
I saw that.
And I saw that.
And I saw that.
And I saw that.
And I saw that.
And I saw that.
And I saw that.
And I saw that.
Mm-hmm.
And I saw that.
So, I saw that.
And I saw that.
crack okay and that's all I can't say is the best in synchrocks
yeah yeah oh I'm getting a stiff 5 6 7 0 5 60 she don't like the backstreet boy
sweetheart I just don't know what it is what did mommy and daddy do to you to
make you turn out like this what did they do to you they take away your lunch
money at school what do they do they're like take it by the hand of the
tea room until you were like 20 years old what was it that they did here's
Margate hello yeah I know for a time long time right so I just want to touch
something with those hostages it's kind of funny that the popularity of the
military action we're having over there was very down at that time and next
thing you know three guys get grabbed and everybody's like let's go get them
then after that interesting part of it is that the the administration didn't
want Jesse Jackson they don't want any part of that going on yeah well that
that's the other one that's the byproduct of the public's stupidity yeah but
well I understand he's gonna be running for president he's not always not no
why do you say from what I understand he's already made it very clear he's
announced formally he's not gonna be running well see I didn't understand you
understand and and it's nothing out regarding you know the PP issue I believe
that if you're not physically ill that you're that you're actually your PP is
septic it's clean yeah so that it would if you just did it on your hands you
wouldn't have to wash them exactly as far as I'm concerned anybody that washes any
guy that washes his hands after he takes a leak is a flaming faggot okay and
believe me it takes one to know one great show everything I'm a hell of a lot
more macho than all you big macho guys out there that go take a big go wash
your hands seriously stop and think about that I can understand if you got
foreskin I mean that's that's another problem okay get that cheese off there
right away 26 after 11 o'clock at 560 WQA you looking to try the you best
big it's happened to me like that young lady our good friend from James will be
heard from her before it sounds to me like she's jealous of those big
gigantic melons that Brittany Spears has got I mean 17 years old why would we
have to assume that she's had implants just because she's got big on
voluptuous boobs 500 calls off the air saying what she didn't a
care no do they mind no would they say no no no what does that make a
difference oh I there's a little bit strange to be 17 and have a boot up but it
seems to be working right here's working like magic here's a couple of
rage hello you're right now nobody's business but ours that's right listen
now they're going to inform who cares if they're real or not mine going to hockey
for a minute go ahead I watched the Boston game last night really real
spirited effort ray borks playing like a kid but he seems to do that every year
bronzes a pro I don't know the bronzes surprising the hell out of me I didn't
really I'll tell you who's playing fantastic is Joe Thornton that kid last year
was a real stiff and a lot of people thought they made a real bad draft
but this year he's playing great you see that goal that he deflected in
workshop that won about a 50 foot from the blue line he just I mean just an
unbelievable shot about a foot off the ice and he just the right right making
very sure he didn't get a toe in the crease that was a great goal
as you never except for the first one the other ones were buying like rockets
yeah but I'll give him credit right about great shot by Allison they're playing
great I get you know that's Pat Burns again you're right this member of the
job he did but at least two years in a row I was flipping over like between
periods and I saw that slash near the end the announcer tried to make a big deal
like he was trying to push the puck in from the goalie but that was just enough
for it to get him down I mean that was that was pretty good really good I'm
gonna tell you guys like Padford B he should have been kicked out a league a long
time ago he's a piece of crap it was a wicked and then then they bring the
sparts about their St. Louis to retaliate against their exactly what it was
yeah and he slashes him on a arm and they should both get two or three games
suspension only at least for a big his suspension would mean something I'll
see what happens okay all right good luck tonight you good luck to you good
luck to those maple leaves tonight tonight baby
maple leaves and a penguins of the air Canada center I should be there I should
get out of here right now I could hop on an American Airlines 215 flight get
out of here right now go up to get get some good seats for that game not not
seats like I got for that last game there all brother that maple leaf a
Panther game they start and a seats too we love those panthers how they doing in
the playoffs by the way of course you noticed these the sterling coverage that
you have in both newspapers here for the NHL playoffs the putrid coverage in fact
the hero-browered edition went to bits of order last night they don't even
think about the Dallas and Lewis game at all they mean that a score they must go
to bed about ten forty five at night that piece of crap-browered edition of
the hero but both papers doing a putrid job covering the NHL playoffs and they
wonder why nobody down here's got any interest or knows anything about it
here's a mobile and Cooper City hello hi Neil yeah I opened up my my
male sports page today and all I saw was a big picture of so on the front
yeah they got 45 pages on the national a bad moon association nothing about the
hockey player nothing about hockey they get they give girls softball more
coverage of the hockey that's right that's right the other than what ten hours
ago before the Marlin pregame yeah I'm gonna be sitting next to the radio I'm
getting excited just about you know I'll be probably to turn off that
maple leaf playoff game just so I can turn on a radio and catch Joe and Dave all
the sports nerds all the sports riders the first team everybody's
lamenting that no one's going to these games what the hell did they expect I
I'm in full boycott of the Marlins they can shut down they can go out of
this they can move at least at least last year we could go watch Jim Leeland
there was somebody to go watch we could watch him you know maybe smoke a
faggot in the dugout yeah this year there's nothing take your team John Henry
you won't you won't be broke just to sell it go do something and how do you like
Greg Reed says well sales on a game spots on a sales on the games are worse than
ever before but we're not gonna be impatient he's what does that mean we're
gonna pay you fifty bucks to go up on the spot where do I find and you'll still
say no no you're closing big Jim have a happy mother's day okay fine you'll see
so finally somebody coming through for us oh yeah it's time to get the
Adagi IQ test again right let's get that out after yesterday but anyway so
well one of our facts you said oh you know who this is from this is from Donna
Beam wasn't that you know who that was that was Johnny Darce old girlfriend
wasn't it huh Donna Beam that's who that was because the bird every time we get
a faction Donna be too oh he'd say that anyway it says it's not easy being
17 and juggling something about jugs juggling home schooling with worldwide pop
stardom and a video rehearsal in February I was kicking my right leg up in the
left leg just collapse at Britney Spears who's infectious debut CD baby one
more time has sold more than three million copies she spent three weeks on
crutches then under one surgery to pair torn card legionary well maybe that's
why she had to have boob job maybe when her leg gave out of kind of like you know
I'm saying the ying and the yang she had to like get her whole body balanced out
again it says but hobbling or hob nodding with professional hairdressers has
advantages one stylist told me to get my hair lightened even more since the
naturally brunette spears it looks so much better not that the five five
singer needs much help even as a little baby she was really darling says her
mother linda second-rate teacher it can't with Louisiana dad Jamie is a building
contractor she's always been noticed they said but unlike John Beney she's
still alive never more so than in the upper over the recent low lead-life photos
heard that appeared in Rolling Stone now is that the issue that you have in your
hand right now George has got one hand on the magazine and the other hand on his
I thought they turned out really well counter spears was also wounded by a
report that she has breast implants it hurts me to hear this kind of stuff
says her mom so in other words she denies it does she have breast implants she
says no but famous friends like in sync JC uh...
she says what kind of a name is that CHAS EZ what kind of a name is that must be
shoves JC says that spears fresh scrub looked at really appeals guys are
under her because she's cute and girls like her because you said I'm trying to
hard says chase is who first met spears in nineteen ninety two when both were
Mickey Mouse Club mouse good tears along with n syncs Justin Timberlake Timberlake
Timbertink or thinking winky
fear schedule in addition to a forty city a tourist starting in June she's in
talks for her own TV pilot appearances on Dawson's Creek doesn't leave much
time for dating it's always says that every article about these kids oh they
don't have their you so lonely on the road they don't have much time for
dating their school and their brains out
so she has an embarrassing makeup moment it's in front of a whole stadium she
was all set to walk on stage open for in sick at Dallas's bra also she's like
like this within sync that's what that's all about
last December when she noticed a large bledish on her cheek with the ingenuity
of youth i covered it with eyeliner and made a mole she says the midway through
the show the beauty mark turned ugly it's near because she been sweating
I wonder if she's got a mole on her huh and maybe that had been sweating too well
be that huh so she's only 17 years old and you're
ogling over her here on the air huh on you p the file shame on you shame on you
aren't you embarrassed ogling over a 17 year old age huh that would be like
me getting all been excited about yeah he's at least 19 but that's like
with 17 year olds before when I was 17
and and last week and well see this is America where legal age is about two
years too high anyway you do realize that that most other countries like in
west Europe it's like 16 15 16 what's wrong with that I mean if 15 or 16 is
old enough to shoot up your classmate it's a little enough to uh screw your brains out
21 but stay out of the T-room at the sawgrass though I'll tell you that unless
you release 25 that's what they're gonna start doing if you have don't go to
the sawgrass if you got a weak bladder or if you got a weak
oh don't even think about going because if you got to take a leak at the
sawgrass you're under 40 they're gonna be checking ID and keep it kicking
your ass out there speaking to get your ass kicked out a lot of you have tried
to getting alone from a big bank or a big London institution they said no thank
you sorry yeah that's you notice
a
a
people are watching women are
They're green, blue and green, but I'm not sharing something he's bringing down.
That night's on top of him, not much to look at.
I ain't looking to smell just a little too much.
That's all a little too slow.
His mouth is just so little too long.
But while they've grown and I will be mown and long in.
He's got a really big shower trowel.
No longer a cream if he let it out.
He's got a really big shower trowel.
I'm fishing for the...
Are you?
He's got a really big shower trowel.
That's why I can't make me just whistled and shout.
He's got a really big shower trowel.
I'm fishing for the...
He's got a really big shower trowel.
He's got a really big shower trowel.
He's got a really big shower trowel.
I don't know why I just want to mention the most of the records stores in the town.
It's not like crazy.
I've got a mention that lately.
They do have a virgin records, which is one of the best record stores in the world.
They have one in my any somewhere, but I have no idea where it is.
Somebody will call in and tell us.
But other than that, the record stores in this town really blow.
They bite.
You can't find 95% of whatever it is you're looking for.
They suck.
You go to a real city.
You know, like anywhere in Western Europe, I'm stood on.
They've got every street corner.
There's another gigantic humongous record store.
Go to Toronto.
They've got sand there on Young Street.
And like a three or four-year gigantic, you have lost in there.
Enormous places.
Here's a guy that's been lost for many years, by the way.
There is nothing worse than take breath.
Yeah.
The feel of break, bro.
Yeah, like you would keep Britney Spears out of bed, huh?
Of course, she's only 17 to only talking figuratively speaking.
Have you ever seen Britney Spears?
Yes, she's very cute.
Yeah, okay.
Thank God for that.
Something like this and something like that.
What is it?
Virgin Records.
And if I set that place, that's where you find Virgin Records.
A great record store, by the way.
Yes, go ahead.
Hey, let me have George.
Have you ever bought records anyway?
As George ever played with take breath.
You mean on or off the doll?
Yes, I have.
Yes, he has.
Are they the worst?
That depends on the job done.
Yeah, I don't know.
I don't like them.
But anyway, listen.
So I can ask you this year, bro.
Let me ask you something.
If you got a new job, would that be called a boob job?
No, I'm sorry.
That was a little blow.
I heard that bit.
What is it?
I heard that bit, yes, that feel honored.
What was that?
The Paul Harvard Jr. show.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Well, we want to get you in there with all the other dead people.
Like her boss, right?
Yeah, I've been there for a while.
Listen, have you ever noticed if you eat spicy Chinese food?
You have to go to the bathroom like 20 minutes, half hour later.
Really bad.
Did it ever happen to you?
Yes.
So anyway, we went out to a Chinese restaurant.
And I got something extra spicy.
And then we go over to Kmart.
Over on Pomato and Kmart.
You understand the reason that that happens, don't you?
No.
That hot spicy food, it like works on your sphincter.
It starts stimulating.
But it's only the runs of the squirre.
It's like did you ever drink a coffee, Kobano?
Do you ever have Cuban coffee?
Yes, the worst.
Doesn't it like open you up like that?
That's called back splat.
Right.
Anyway, so we go to Kmart and I got to go.
And you never go in the stall and you can't go until everybody leaves.
No, I've never gone in and I can't go, but I would prefer.
You try to hold it and only do very silent business.
Yeah, but you try.
I'm trying to get you out of there.
And then you just cut little.
Yeah.
Okay, well, the whole glory.
This is honestly got to be served last week.
I go in there.
I have to go.
Chinese food.
I've got to go.
I'm holding hold.
And in the next stall, under.
Don't you love that?
Oh, no.
Yeah.
But I see why I looked down and there's one pair of shoes sitting on the bowl.
And there's another pair of sneakers hopping up and down.
problem and.
give a stand-up of a urinal and they're like grunting and grime and you know
it's not like there's a lot of hand motion going on there so they might be
doing something else they're just taking a leak but
like you know I mean Jesus Christ all you doing is peeing is it really that
difficult is it the man something first to look forward to I guess later on in
life five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
here's Fort Lauderdale hello hi God yes sir I'm one of the
two young ladies are afraid of you know sex being voted okay whatever you say
okay get the sock over our office next time you call in the phone to five six
seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line always really
you know always been very fine the guys who say dinky
as in here's a lady in Davie hello hi yes ma'am I wanted to comment on Britney
Spears and that whole instinct thing okay I was listening to that girl that
called from games before and I think I know her yeah yeah I use it on a chronic
call or she's alright really she's nice I think if that's who I think it was
she's okay anyway I was not a really big and think fan way like a couple
months ago and November they came down here and they were the Broward County fair
they're terrible and my friend I hated them I'll be honest with you I can stand
them they suck I didn't want to have anything to do with it but that's it
Joey really cute so I went okay who is they have somebody cute on that group oh
my god Joseph Anthony Cicone Jr. is by the way JC's last name is not
chaz at the chive so I want a chive a chive by any other name would say
oye hey like crap they all look bad okay well let me tell you what happened
I mean maybe they can sing all the way I don't like that new video there's
I their videos are right number one on MTV but all the kids are on drugs you
know exactly okay well let me tell you what happened
yeah okay I'll get on back are you gonna attack the back street board no no no I'm
gonna I'm gonna tell you what happened okay okay Britney Spears came out and
she she should be this a studio artist okay she's fine on our CD I would not go
buy it personally because I think that she's wrong but that's all other story
yeah but you're not a lesbian or you think she was really hot no okay all right
I'm sorry I just want to you to understand that most head of a sexual
or most great guys think that she's a hotter than yeah I agree but my
breasts are real so that's even better than what she's got okay another
you have larger I have I have to deal real and I don't need a larger for my
breast okay okay so we're getting the experience right Britney Spears came out
to open for instinct right she found like he was a cow getting run over by a
car you know the god when she saying like they all she awful okay but they
think I didn't really like them but you have to see their live show and I'm gonna
give you an offer here I have an extra ticket for one of their concerts and I
would like you to come with me no no okay okay okay I just offer now if you've
got a ticket for the backspeed boys concert and answer them on June the 5th I'll
be glad to escort you I don't live there but if you can get a model with you okay
all right have you seen the back to boy in your video of course it is retarded
it is so stupid there's no point in that video I like this song I'll give you
that this song as you're really good but let me ask you does there have to be a
point to a video there's no point to the lyrics I mean I'll be the first one to
do that look like no sense but it's a great song I can't stop listening to it
I'm obsessed with it right so you're a huge backspeed boy it's so huge you have no
idea I'm really okay oh no if you like them that much you work in the radio
why don't you get hooked up I went and saw them if they I got pneumonia
practice they went and saw that that horrible place up in Palm Beach last year
thanks for the great the Coral Sky amphitheater in a rain like crazy and we got
real crappy seats about 10 million miles away and they all look like widgets
you know yeah all right let's talk about Britney Spears now since that seems to be
the comment we never really said anything about the backspeed boys whether you
like them or not I would make I'm not a really big backspeed boy fan yeah but
that new song is really good I really like it well thank god for that I
wanted that way I mean Nick is kind of filling out you know from you know what I
think you know what honestly everybody's making fun of them because you get
big but I think he looks better like that he filled out oh yeah he looks much
better it's getting big Kevin I'm so proud of him like like everybody makes fun of
him because you only have one eyebrow but he has two so they all have to shut up
now you know now that he's almost 30 years old he better grow the other one fast
just so it's too late that's true but anyway Britney Spears in closing Britney Spears
is totally fake I don't think anybody should go support her anyway by the CD that
it don't go to her shows she sucks they're all gonna be disappointed now I think if
she sucks they'll probably be happy well that's one of the guys okay see you
five five and what are we getting those pictures I think it's time to suck
rage suck the rage baby five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 that's the
model for the NBA playoffs suck the rage yeah what is wrong with the people in
this country huh all these phonies you know pretending that they're all big
fans of these seven these big big illiterate seven-foot tall sportses I mean
are you people kidding anybody oh not kidding me five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line see adults don't buy music
in fact if all the kids stop buying a music tomorrow then all the record stores
all these all these things they all go out of business because adults don't buy
music so when the old part like me goes in a record store they all start
guarding the tea room first of all let's say I don't have to worry but no
seriously it's the you will go into any record store you will see almost no
adults that's why we get no response to this because our when's the last
and many of the people in this audience ever about besides the two young
ladies we heard from when's the last time any of them ever bought an LCD cassette
and anything right and adult males definitely don't buy music now I would be
embarrassed to find out what kind of music that the young guys there by
you know here's Parkland hello Neil good news the verdict is in Jenny Jones has
been held label for twenty five million dollars and the best part is she's
gonna be executed high noon by fire squad great TV is gonna be a cover live okay
great five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
here's Hollywood hello in the movie go out for the just a number when they
stuck the knife through Luca brought his hand yes but they should do the Murray
brothers forget it more okay great thank you five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line see it's very easy now in retrospect
I was opposed to when I was telling you two years ago when it not only got
rid of them but they paid him six hundred thousand dollars to go away when I
told you that right up front anybody now can look back and like Jason
Woolie was playing so great for Buffalo what a deal that was okay two bars who
granted isn't doing a goddamn thing now but Jason Woolie alone and then we get
Chris Wells in return but you know you can't turn a clock back in the meantime I
told you that two years ago and all I got was a lot of vilification and I don't
know what I'm talking about and the pop up up up up and that's the five six seven
oh five fifty you know what ever happened in the old days when we would play
Luis Miguel we get a million calls about Luis Miguel play anything you don't
talk about music of course that was real music but nevertheless
no it's just not the saying you see it you hear it you notice it I have no
idea what what cranks these people's chains listen to these sports shows on
his station and you hear about sucking the rage and it sucks it does suck it
makes me nauseous I get the rage I get the fits and then I get the hey if you get
the fits when you look in the mirror and see that big grotesque ball spot and
both there's nothing worse than a big ball spot I sure know about that then
the car good friend Charlie on the earth
now we're in the bill of some time now we're in the bill of some time and they put me away
it's too much to act another five sixty double the queue we got the ankle
brochure with two we got Kimba Boat camper with six nine thirty we got the
Marlins on the west coast at the Dodgers by the way anybody here time jica
last night after the hockey game I doubted well sure must have been awful late
Dallas and San Luis now it wasn't all that late into the bottle of the
clock because I saw the whole damn thing and did Tom discuss the radio ratings how
great QAM didn't you discuss that last night we have any spy reports on it
no not like the old days boy the old days we could count on this audience
no matter what it was they were there in a hard beat here's Hollywood hello
yeah what about Britney Spears and Jerry Healthman great five six seven oh five
sixty how long do you wait for that that was brilliant five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line here's the Tamara hello how you
know before you asked if anybody ever bought a record because of the way of
personal look how many people you think what you know your Twain's records
because of the way she looked I didn't I wasn't my question about the way they
look I said how many people bought a record because they liked the video
which right still the one yeah a lot of people bought it because of that now I'm
52 years old I want to tell you something any heterosexual male that says they
wouldn't do Britney Spears is his line and dog is a closet queen but first I'd
have to get a note for our mother okay go broom okay there's the best call of
the year so far I bless you sir isn't that just what I said before and didn't I
tell you I come in this morning I'll be honest with you George didn't know
Britney Spears from like I said a spirit of spirits he didn't know who the hell
I was you knew the name we were talking about her yesterday when the magazine
but you hadn't seen I still haven't no not before yesterday I haven't seen her
moving I'm talking about like in the video no moving reading
no one have I heard her tunes right she was heaving it she was heaving it they
had the world debut of a brand new video last night which is shot on the beach
and the she's on there and there's a bunch of other interesting people on
there including this one guy she's looking through that what do they call that
thing the the thing huh no they're not an actor is they're like a
coin operated yeah one of those things yeah and she's looking and she spots this
one guy who's hotter than than tamale saws so like I said there's something
you need everybody occupied what do you think I was watching it so long huh
looking at her but I mean you can't help if you're living in breeding you can't
help but look at her and say holy Christ and then come in here this morning you
find out she's only 17 years old a lot of the parents out there a lot of you
fathers out there that escort your daughters to the ladies room now what see
that's one thing that women don't have to worry about they're always complaining
about wow you know they're on a short end of the stick and they don't have equal
rights they're you know and they got a good point in some areas but one thing you
don't hear about too many women being molested in the tea room they get
erected in a parking lot but they don't get molested in the tea room huh one
thing about lesbians they don't feel glory holes that we know of they don't
write graffiti we heard that at number three uh... or did they say they did
write graffiti or not yes they did they do write graffiti
that's just before you see that tongues to continue the glory hole might be the
janitor though here's a mobile mobile in the gables hello yeah yeah I
really got to talk about back to the boys really good
talking about uh...
pedophiles before
we're hanging out with some n h a place from the shards before and uh...
you're saying that probably
have to come to my you know i'm right
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line right
just keep trying to pal keep trying it
here's a hollywood hello
any of the case sir
i have to agree with you i don't think that uh... most adults by
cities anymore
did it didn't even walk into a record store no i don't have any idea what's
going on in there i'm all my old collection is is from probably
you know when i was uh... in my late teens and twenty right
uh... thirty thirty i bet you can't even remember the last sheet either you
bought
or last record you bought well you know well no i can't like i can't be honest with
you but
if it wasn't today's music it was music from the seventies when i was a
eighteen what was it
uh...
we would act at me when they just came out with
yeah
and you know
pretty spirit
i wouldn't buy her cd but i want to watch the uh...
blow up on
the rolling stone which is uh... not yet but if you went out and got the cd
no you don't want to see the one watch mtv was for the moving video like when
she's breathing and he didn't
well i'm not looking for that because they
you know there was one that
uh... that's been out for about a year now all in all of the sent you to
becoming big but she's been around for about a year now
video
where she did in like her high school
and i thought the whole the whole school she she was it was done in her
high school
and
let me tell you it's very suggestive
good that's what we want and i got to just
called about britain earlier
i can't agree more i mean any heterosexual man
i i know she's up she was only six she had to get she's seventeen out she
seventeen we have it on very good authority
she's seventeen getting older by the minute
if she's seventeen now the net video had to be done when she was about fifteen
or sixteen right and let me tell you any heterosexual man
would have done her would have done would have done twenty years for her
would have spirit britain right absolutely
okay got bless you sir
ctl see all the old parts are going to be watching mtv now nice going to go
to the guy in the market to get old parts old perverts let's just liars
even the tom lear is going to be watching and normally
just to check out britain spirit and believe me it'll be well worth it
twice the price of the mission
if you get through that in sync craft
five six seven seriously i'm that's our poll question which is worse five
or in sync i mean those are two such bad
bad groups i mean they couldn't all be great you know
yeah
see and you you can poo poo it all you want mr. poo poo
but here it's may seven and they're they're just they're just they're just
growing this single here that i'm playing this is going to be so big it's
going to be number one quarter not just number one
and this man sat in there with a straight face a little over a year ago
and this was right on the heels of when we had a j in the kevin in the studio
on the year would be that day up in our primitive studio downstairs
give me a song and antona flash in the pan they suck they can't sing
by the way by the way i hate to break the news to you they wrote they co-wrote
a lot of the music on the new album yeah yes that's what they say
you're such a piece of crap you really are along with that sweet issue guy
or whatever he is eight minutes after he's the sweet eight minutes past
noon at five sixty wq amp a lot of people want to help on the internet order
the britain spirit record right now and of course you want to get on there and
huh of course they do they want to get on amazon dot com or ebay or whatever
those whichever one of this you want to get on the internet right away you have
to have mind spring because then you don't have to get the busy signals for
half an hour you don't have to do around with those stupid ads and keep saying
no no no over and over again mind spring gets you right on there every time
right away in fact mind spring was all to the best internet service provider
by pc world and pc commuting magazines for nineteen ninety eight
i'm born fat radio will never be the same starting this monday on five sixty
wq amp it's the brian and terry marie show six to ten a m monday through
friday only on five sixty wq a amp
online has become my home there is so much to find my stone
a starstie and hutch lunch five and a sign secure up while he cuts
oh yeah spending too much time on ebay
this is how i spend my day oh i'm just spending too much time on ebay
oh you're back
i've been awake for days now don't care how high it goes
because i have one thing to live for
got to get that kung fu britchie i joke yeah i'm spending too much time on ebay
my paycheck is flying away oh yeah i'm spending too much time on ebay
bidding time
twelve fourteen and five sixty wq amp by the way speaking of that can you imagine
the incredible financial crisis that we're going to have there a couple of
years with all these people taking their credit cards and buying stuff on the
internet can you imagine because most of the people who are like really heavy
duty on the unit most of them are like you're responsible to begin with and have
no lives and have several credit cards
anyway speaking of irresponsible by the way our friends got markets remember
that awful i mean a great book what sucks about south Florida that we have
got a fact from me says just wanted to say hi and test out his new free internet
fact thing also let me say thank you to zoltan in the station for the way you
handle the ads for my book what sucks about south Florida
and he and his wife will be traveling on virgin Atlantic to London at the end of
this month we're going on business economy class as you were scheduled
maybe we can mention your name and get upgraded to first class he says no
Scott Marcus might give it a shot Scott but i think no is the answer
as in what time is your show on now it's a great airline those seriously
virgin Atlantic you go to London you want anywhere in europe believe me trust me
what i tell you love there than that martin skier five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on a mobile one line here's a mobile in Miami hello
i knew how you doing great uh pick up your fan and unfortunately a flyers plan
so i'd like to wish you congratulations thank you and we deserve it about the great
uh victory for the maple east yes i have a question since you got a chance to watch the flyers for
a bunch of games that are out there no i don't know what do you think it is is a clock that
doesn't you know with all the mess around he does all year long doesn't build any teamwork with
the team is that Roger Neilson is a new real sir Roger Neilson is one of the worst
coaches in the history of the game i know we had a couple of decent years in Toronto when the
team stunk but generally speaking he's a coma coach he's not inspirational he's got all that
talent out there even without lindross they got all that talent and he still couldn't inspire
a food flight at you know i'm a ski to the stingy and he's he's got to go he will go do you see
them back going and try to bring keenan back no i don't know but in there nobody in their right
minds going to bring my keenan in the food you see is a coach that can uh you know do something
i mean it seems loaded with talent a ton of payroll and uh first round of winning every year
it's getting very frustrating i know and i think i think terry muri would be great back in
thanks very much okay good luck terry muri back to fillet give another chance you just get
him out of here five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line that's
getting to move for that big leech spitsper game tonight come on set a good play to follow the
play now a lot shot hyper set knocks it away fall gets it ahead it's setter for perils to the line
will serve
 acute
for a pickle cab Those joe
with the
the
female
in the uh... rage
suck in a big one get all excited for that penguins at least game tonight
at the air can of the center
that's where the real men are watching the hockey games not the stupid just
football that you people are talking about
i mean that kind of caught here about golf the other day
that would be a tough one for me which one is more boring talking about golf
or the nva boy that's a tough one
the nva is not for white people i hate to break the news to you i know nobody
totally that yet the nva is for spars is okay it is not for white people
get over it stopped right at the end of the cycle these white kids listen to
rap music i mean nobody can stop you from listening to it nobody can stop you
from buying a record they'll take your money but i hate to break the news to
you and for you and your stuff and you'll think
here's a mobile in four-letter hello
you know you know this isn't the first time that the britain spirit uh...
controversy came up uh...
bobboobs
yes exactly uh... i remember uh... couple
i think it was last week i was talking to it
at the capitol yeah and uh... what is he know about it uh... i think i think
he was honestly taking a lot of time and uh... uh... yeah
yeah he was that in the worst race to which i want that capitol yeah i have
like i said grow up here and call him up okay we're sick and tired of your
crap
same better calls every day to tell us that i've capitol is the son of a
bitch or whatever because he uh... you know this guy's dumb enough to bet on a
horse
i'm gonna tell you anybody that bets on any sporting event based on what
somebody under station says deserves to lose the rest that's what
i think we'll tell me yesterday
this is any of these slumpers out there that better what we tell them to go to
be more on skittles
absolutely correct that i want to
so that's the whole question today are they really are they make believe
Britney Spears and the number three does anybody care up any if you care
then you're you know you're just looking for excuse you got to be a closet
queen okay
oh i wouldn't torture those are for real plushies underage okay
bag it
uh... tell you right now
there is not it's not much of the same for the sake of argument that she was
eighteen okay because this is america and we're not supposed to talk about
dealing with the underage people people get very nervous as if they wouldn't
you know
let's just assume for the sake of argument she was eighteen Britney Spears
you really believe that there is one head of a sexual for example you think
raw
they know to her
although no one the taste that he's got
you know i'm i'm so tempted the yellow i'd like tracy a lot tracy carosato
who's our uh... the sales promotions whatever is the title is around here
good guy came over from i
but that thing he was talking was that the promotion he was discussing with
us this morning
where he mentioned the water nazi
right in the screw and the sales manager
i'm really tempted to do you know i mean i'm just hoping for the best and
hoping that they don't get all men involved in that thing because if they do
the stuff is really going to defend the stuff will hit the fence just like the
next time i hear a spot for a gun show on this uh... on this program
now one thing i will say since that episode out there that grotesque horrendous
unacceptable piece of american uh... tragedy out there in little calirato
we have an idea spots for gun shows
this station that i've heard and we then well better not for how the long time
if ever
and like the mayor out there said in denver
hey all you are a assholes take your piece
get that out of here we don't want you
here's a mobile in my any hello
why do you can't you talk hockey when you said
five six and why do you continue to listen to your most absolutely love it
there you go there still screaming at the air can't have the center
five six seven o five spent thirty seconds plan one clip on a lease in a
penguin thirty second
and this guy who's the other side of the world no material
she or not full in me you're not full in the audience instead of having
something you want to talk about how come i'm talking about you know
fill in the
like whatever it is because you got no material just knock knock knock knock
because you're another typical south Florida asshole that's got nothing
positive constructive interesting meaningful to say your piece of
turd and by the way stay out of the glory holes over there jazzy pennies okay
ronda
asshole
here's for a lot of the whole
yes sir
i want to apologize to you
probably an NBA fan and you're about for what i called you yesterday and i was
talking about the uh...
leafs pens
and i ended it with a
bevelle fido
i'm sorry i just want to fight some of these cuban assholes down here
they'll bother me
uh...
well guess what they don't care another dot but
uh... the games last night
the house is going to sleep or you're going to talk about hockey now the
slidescreen have an ever spray down he's gonna have a
fact
i don't care i don't either
i think the uh...
final that he stars leaps
that's a thousand seven
okay good luck here sir
you'll need it stars make it the finals
not with any of the choker balfour in their believe me in fact the several
times in a game last night he was way out of position
he must have a horseshoe up his back to last night because boy
saint louis uh... just miss by the hair on his ass a couple of times getting
greasy goals you you wait
when push comes to shove eighty the beagle he'll be a bite in the big one
like he always does
some guy step up for the big games and some guys just you can hear the gagging
sounds about four miles away
you know i have a lot of the season was when the next four in a row did i
hate the blues but just just because dialysis such a god damn dirty team you
know can't stand dirty teams
pat for beat the geek
they've no one talking about i think i had a point where we're wasting our
time with hockey
here's a mobile in four-letter hello
hey now how are you pretty good sir
i just wanted to welcome you to the world of virgin-adventive-year-old
like that great sensational
yet that uh... premium economy's not bad either
i was supposed to be their sleeper class
and uh... you didn't take get a massage when you're up there now i passed on
the massage
well they do that uh... you know where the louis were that little bar is right
they have a couch there and they just kind of give you a ten minute uh... head
and shoulder massage which is really pretty nice uh...
and i had a food by the way was sensational it was some of the best airline food
ever had in my life
the service was fantastic my only complaint is because they all crew there is
british i couldn't understand where they were saying but other than that it was
uh... one of the best uh... fantastic
but the crew by far is probably the most friendly of uh... any airline out in
the industry but they don't overdo it some airlines they never let you rest
they never leave you alone but they know just uh... give you just a right amount
of attention serious that i have no complaints it was perfect
just one other question if i may you had mentioned that there was a stake in
shake there was going to open up in by far grass where is that exactly it's uh...
i think on a hundred thirty six you know what the up they call it panther park
we know
there's the shell station on the one side and uh... and whatever else it's
right in that on one of those four corners of the next month i think a stake
in shake
i know there's also one of the opening up on point and beach bulls are as well
right they're great
yes super i love them
i'll just find a fake call call say thanks and welcome to the world of
virgin and especially love their toe in the whole by the way
have a great day pal
you too thank to do
virgin and i think great airline ladies and gentlemen finally discovered a
great way to hop over the pot of the seven forty seven in the ultimate in
comfort with lots of leg room and elbow room and
they give you a little massage there if you want like he said it's great food
was sensational
they give you a menu where you have actually like four different choices not
just this you want the meter you want the chicken you want the mahi mahi or you
want the total you know
i mean granted on most airlines it doesn't make that much difference in our
expecting gourmet cuisine because you're flying like two three hours whatever
but when you're flying across the pond for like you know eight nine hours
we were depending on which way you're going
maybe a nice meal might be nice
and even the
were okay
i mean it just have like a bottomless hole i kind of train
you notice how much response we got on that nothing because how many people in
this audience you think you've ever taken a train in europe i'm not talking about
and track here in this god for second country that's crash all the time i'm
talking about the great train system they got over there in europe
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
on the mobile one line
don't forget to die reattour over the ryanland
we're all getting together all of us yet lost we're getting together doing at
this summer
here's a mobile in bokeh hello
mobile in bokeh
maybe i don't okay sir
big leaf
yes
i'm worried about funding though and score
well see that's a one thing about this team they got balance we don't have to
worry about him who if he don't score than
stevey Sullivan steps up or steve comic steps up or uh... bearers in the
kia and you don't have to worry about that
maybe we should take the seat off his jersey on domino
yeah there you go okay
give give you a peter world a bit his force to okay for
tied only okay see that this is what we deal with
this is the kind of hockey alleged hockey family got down here whoever the team
ghoul needs that's that's the guy to be the captain he's the leader i mean
tied only is okay he at least has got a few skills you know he can stick it
in there in the puck to
this guy's not in that sunday
don't be knocking the big sweet okay when you least expected
he'll stick it in there just like he did in the uh... the second game in the
Philadelphia series
score the winning goal thereafter stevey Thomas tied it up with just seconds to go
which they forget so soon
twenty six past noon at five sixty double the queue by the way you know Jason was
an Arab
was Jewish
he's an Arab though
what's the difference he's from the wrong side of the tracks
uh...
as intulist
to stand
that processor
uh...
Soju's today, Juzito has to say, and Terry's gone away on a bunch of holiday.
Soju's today, so find another way.
To get you through the day, must you won't see O'Jay?
Why don't they know how long it's gonna take?
How they all go and take another break?
Stay away, start ties with something to defend.
Just try the time and bring it to an end.
No news today, that's too bad for O'Jay.
He can't pass that history.
He's locked up in his cage.
You know, this is the perfect time.
The timing is great because the nephew's out another one of those stupid vanhits
with the QAM van, which I promised I wasn't gonna do anymore, but I'll read it one time.
Just this one time and then don't ever bother me again, okay?
The nephew, you jackass, and by the way, he smelled real bad and you're too.
What was he doing working out with the screw-in in the sale department?
Seriously, he smelled like a sewer when he was in here.
Put some clothes on, okay?
Next time you come in here, nephew, I'm unimpressed.
But anyway, it's a good timing because of our pull-quies today is,
what do you think of people that are still sucking O'Jay's ass?
Which we have several of those around here.
I don't want to mention no names.
We've got some people in this building who still suck up to him and think he's like a hero.
And people like that, just on the face of it, even if I knew nothing else about those people,
they make me want a barf.
They make me want a puke.
You know, just because this guy, 30 years ago, where a goddamn jockstrap or whatever the hell it was,
Christ almighty, how many more people does he have to butcher before you finally start saying,
well, I don't know, you know?
Before you finally sniff the daffodils and say, yeah!
Anyway, the QAM van, he's there, the nephew is there, okay?
Take your nose clip along.
He's in Fort Lauderdale between now and 130 at Nichols, 1800 North Federal Highway,
between Oakland and Sunrise, and they go, wait, wait till you hear this stuff they're giving away.
You're going to puke.
Tickets to the second annual New Times International Beer Festival tonight in Fort Lauderdale,
and the seventh annual Cajun Zydeco Crossfish Festival today through Sunday at Fort Lauderdale Stadium.
This is ridiculous.
You know, the Cajun Zydeco Crossfish Festival today through Sunday at Fort Lauderdale Stadium,
that has to be a joke.
That has got to be a put on.
Just like when Tracy was in here this morning feeding us the crap about that golf tournament,
it had to be a put on.
I know it's the seventh of May, but it's just like April 1 again, okay?
It's like that crap with that bogus trade they pulled on the Joe and the Bigel boys show.
That's it, and just to make sure that I can't read it again,
okay?
Little teeny tiny pieces, okay?
So whatever I just said, that's where he is for the next hour, good luck to him.
Somewhere in Fort Lauderdale, just look for him.
Just open up the window to the car, you'll smell him.
Here's Miramar, hello.
Hi Neil.
Yes sir.
Listen, I don't know if you know about it, but I just like to mention to you that
you can't prey hunger away, you know?
So all those Bible slumpers who think they actually want to do something,
I appreciate that they kid out their knees and put some food out this weekend for the food drive.
Do you know about it?
No, I don't.
There's a thing in a food drive this weekend where the postal workers in Broward are going to pick up food
for people who leave it outside by their mailbox or whatever so that hungry people can have food.
And I know a lot of adults are more on this because there's plenty of food, but a lot of kids get fed by that food.
So tell those Bible slums they get off their knees and put some food out with you.
Okay, thank you.
I'm glad he brought that up because I almost forgot this.
It's typical.
So typical.
Day of prayer yesterday, totally inappropriate, totally out of place.
Jim Nogel, a mayor of Fort Lauderdale, a total jackass.
National Day of Prayer observance in Fort Lauderdale, city commission chambers yesterday.
They almost came off without a hitch, but, but.
And most of them, the capacity crowd offered prayers for local and national leaders.
Most of them, more buttons declaring, yes, I believe in God, said to be the last word spoken by 17-year-old Cassie Brunel,
right before she was by a gunman at a Columbine High School, little in Colorado.
They listened politely as Mayor Jim Nogel read a proclamation while his 18-month-old daughter, Rachel,
played it, playfully removed his glasses.
But then someone prayed aloud against the sin of abortion and another person ended up prayer with a word in Jesus' name.
See, this is every time to get a bunch of these goody-touchy religions together, the goyum, the good Christians, the intolerant assholes.
This is what they try to do, just like when we used to have an assembly in high school, back in Canada, when New York.
We didn't have no prayer in school and of course we had no place there and everybody was doing just fine.
But every time there was an assembly, we had to have the Lord's Prayer, in Jesus' name, et cetera.
And even though there were only a handful of us Jews and there were some kids probably who were like new-better-knowledge of this crap, totally inappropriate.
But don't confuse that with these intolerant assholes who tell us, well this is a Christian nation, it's everyone's so hot.
And it goes on about the fact that these two Jewish guys from the ACLU and were well, they were pissed off and they got up and they were walking around.
What were they doing there in the first place, by the way?
What do they expect besides a bunch of intolerant goyum?
Just like there's two letters in the letter which I won't even waste my time about those bumper stickers.
What do they say?
Support life, choose life, the license plates.
And that's what I'm saying. I keep saying that.
The license plates.
Florida license plates.
Sanction by URR State, well what used to be the state of Florida, by now the Nazi state of Florida.
Choose life.
Two letters in the letter today.
Oh, what's the big deal with that? What's wrong with that?
What's wrong with it is it's a goddamn political opinion which don't have any business, any place on a license plate made by the state.
That's what's wrong with it, you idiots.
And Aaron, one of the letters says, as the majority of people believe, hate to break the news to you.
Rob, overwhelming majority of people are pro-choice in America, okay?
But don't confuse these people with the fact.
Just like the overwhelming majority of people in this country want gun control, want to hell of a lot less gunslaying around all over the place.
But don't confuse the wingnuts with the truth, okay?
Because they can't handle the truth.
Use son of a bitch.
Here's point and V, chill out.
Hello?
Yes sir.
I'll prop NBA fan.
Yeah, I'll put that.
Yes, figures yeah.
You found like an NBA?
See what I'm saying? Yes, I'm here sir.
You're proud of me.
No, no.
What does he have against the NBA? What's that?
Is that it in hockey?
No, it's not. The NBA is boring.
It's a bunch of illiterate seven-foot tall goons slammer jammin' it.
So you say only black people watch NBA?
I said it's four black people. It's a black people sport.
Well, why would white people want to watch an almost all black or what would be the point?
Why do you say all those things?
Because it's true.
What do you mean why do I say all those things? So that's my opinion.
When you go to the game, you see all the white people in the thing.
And that's what are they doing there? What are they there for?
I don't know.
Well, when you find out, you let me know.
See, he just can't handle it.
If they would lower the ticket prices so the brothers could all afford to go there, they'd have a good time.
But instead they got all those yuppies there.
And by the way, I saw it with some of the recent heat games, some of the low lights on TV there.
They'd pan to crab. It's just a zillion empty seats in there.
And that Miami arena.
Plenty of empty seats.
So who the hell are they, Kidden?
If they just get the prices down there, so where the dark folks could afford to go in there, then they'd be, you know, that's the way it should be.
Just like at the hockey games, we have like maybe five or six bars in the hockey games.
And other than that, it's a sport for white people.
We understand that.
And every team now has got a token spartor on the team down there on the ice.
And that makes people happy, you know?
And some of the guys could actually play like famous anus there on the Boston Bruins.
For Michigan State, by the way, just mentioned in passing.
22 before one at 560 WQM.
Sports.
Sports.
Radio WQM.
Oh, s**t!
There's been a major setback today for the NBA lockout.
Player representative, Chufro Abdul Kingfiz.
Well, I feel like I've grown.
I've grown up in the middle of the street.
I've grown up in the middle of the street.
I've grown up in the middle of the street.
And I've grown up in the middle of the street.
I've grown up in the middle of the street.
I've grown up in the middle of the street.
I've grown up in the middle of the street.
I've grown up in the middle of the street.
I've grown up in the middle of the street.
I've grown up in the middle of the street.
I've grown up in the middle of the street.
I've grown up in the middle of the street.
I've grown up in the middle of the street.
So that's why they're both both.
Thank you.
Oh, why did I hit the great facts in another sports hole
in another real jackass idiot
who doesn't have the balls to sign his name
although the fact sting on tops is sent by Get real
whatever the hell that means.
And get real I think is perfect for this asshole.
It says hey, Neil, stop ranking on the sports fence.
If it weren't for us, the station wouldn't be around.
No, forget that even though this is your so-called talk show
this is a sports station.
No.
No, no, it's not. By the way, George sounds very feminine on the ear. It says, I will always be monitoring.
Well, you are right about the last part. George sounds fruity on the ear.
Now, seriously, off the ear, he doesn't sound fruity at all, but on the ear, in fact, on the ear, when you just speak like back and forth, he don't sound, but when you like on the spots, or you're doing the show, you sound fruity.
Let's go to Heaven's Nervaltooth. Oh, that must be it.
Oh, I hate to break the news to you, sir, but if they were playing Hungarian mizurkas in the morning, driving afternoon, driving a restaurant, I was here 10-2.
We'd still be kicking ass. This has been proven last vibrating books in a row, sir. I hate to break the news to you. We're kicking ass.
And this is the New York Show. Now, some stupid sports bag show, with a bunch of jackasses running around pretending they care about a bunch of seven-foot freaks.
Slime a Janet, okay? You can't handle the truth, can you handle it? No. No. Probably handling it right now.
You'll always be monitoring. You wouldn't miss a goddamn minute of the show, sir. If they took the show away, you'd have no life.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hey, yes, sir. Good afternoon.
A couple of things. I totally agree with you about the sports thing. By the way, Joe Rose sucks.
Okay. He talks like a baby. He talks like a baby. He talks like a baby. Yeah.
Yeah, he has a list, but he talks like he's talking to, I don't know, like a kindergarten class. Yeah.
The other thing I want to say is, I like the Wii Wii. Yeah.
Yeah. What is the deal with all these studios that drive around with the rap music blast?
And they hate black people. If they'll play that rap.
Well, what about white kids? What about red nights? They're listening to rap music?
Oh, please. Are they? White kids? They're not going to get out enough.
You better get around, check it out.
And Neil? Yes? The other thing. What is the deal with the extra-min out of the train?
Okay. 5607-0560, pound 560. We don't want to talk that crap right now, sir.
Pound 560 on a mobile one line.
I don't know. I can't be explaining it. It's just, uh, it's part of the whole deal, man, converting all of y'all.
I think it's a conspiracy between reproducing like rabbits and turning all those poor white kids out of that rap music.
Look at all the evil stuff that's going on now because of rap music. Do you believe that?
No. I don't need to, but it sure sounds good. It sure is a good, another good.
Let's find another skate code for why these kids are doing these bad things. It must be the music.
No. Video game. No. TV. No. Movie. No. Come on.
Must be something. Simple explanation. What are you perspiring in here? Is it warm in here again?
Feels a touch warm, a tad warm in here.
Could we turn it on or is it down all the way? It's down all the way.
That's somebody did a little bit. And this is only the seventh of May by the way.
You do understand that it's not 100 degrees in the shade yet.
Like it's going to be all of June and July and August and September and well in New October.
So we have yet to experience our first summer time up here on the third floor.
We've already had the great experience of Jam and Johnny down there at the Power 96.
Last of it, although we do thank again profusely kid Curry, forgive me this disc.
By Elamos, by Enrique Glacias and Inglace.
And the hardest thing by 98 degrees, which I already went out and bought the CD, which I regret more than I can tell you.
So anyway, our full question is other than Nick Nolte, anybody ever meet a guy named Nick who was ugly?
Oh yeah, I remember I used to have a guy and he used to go to the track with me up in a West Palm Beach. Nick, he was ugly.
He was a pain in the ass too, Nick, the schoolteacher.
Here's a mobile invoker. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir.
Listen, I couldn't agree with you more.
I'd rather listen to like, Klezmer music, or the Goliens chant, and listen to the worst team with defect, and moldy, and blockhead.
And I just think that one you're going to have control of the radio stations, we don't have to listen to them.
You can kiss my rear end. It goes a little bit of sense.
I mean, it's just on the radio station.
I'm here from 10 to 2. I'm doing the Near Rogers show. I'm not here to change the station.
I'm here to, and by the way, you'll notice that since I started ripping the hell out of these guys, the last book they all went through the roof.
I'm building up by my guy named Bootstraps.
Neil, let me ask you one more time.
The fact that they put that babbling rook on here.
You can hand him in to me yesterday.
So thank God people who are such a puss.
He said that's the reason we got those numbers up.
Plus, by the way, our full question today is, we'll hand me either at 2 o'clock when the theme book finishes playing.
Anyway, go ahead.
Neil, do they give Rebecca suspension for that crappy pull-up on Terza and Werner?
They better give him, I'd say, at least three games.
All right. I love you. Have a great day.
Okay, see you.
Unbelievable. Pad for Beak.
And there's a guy at least who knows who the hell that is.
Yeah, that's going to be our pull thing.
The fact we can have the same one every day.
We'll have to actually be there at 2 o'clock when the theme music ends.
The thing I found fascinating yesterday.
I mean, you know, a lot of times it's not his fault.
They have a problem with the line.
They're out there at Shulas.
They're out of town to win the show.
But when you're right inside the building, he was in here.
We were talking yesterday at a quarter to two during a break.
The Humper.
And the theme music ends yesterday.
And here's Cory on there again.
I think Hank took the rest seriously.
And of course it was the truth.
And that is during those segments when he's not on there.
When I got Cory and Jason and Clarence,
numbers are through the roof.
Soon as Hank comes on, yeah,
they start to drop in like a rock.
Just calm down.
You'll be all right.
But seriously, what is that all about?
He was walking right in the halls with a bunch of interns yesterday.
This man has got more excuses not to be there when the guy named Show Starts.
I'm going to start doing that.
Yeah, I'll come in like I always do about quarter to nine.
And then at 10 o'clock as soon as the ID took the open place,
I'll just be in a hall wandering around somewhere.
I'll be standing out laughing at the Pussy-Galore desk over there.
You got the new desk yet?
No.
No.
The seventh of May.
How long will we been up here now about three months?
It's got to be.
Yeah, March, April, May, something like that.
We've been up here for three months.
Is this a putt's got a desk?
No.
You got like a high chair like a little time.
This is our program director.
A man with no self respect.
Talk about Loa.
He doesn't have low self esteem.
He has no self esteem.
Here's Liberty City.
Hello?
Liberty City.
Yes, sir.
Yes, ma'am.
What was up with Earth Comet you made about the basketball?
What do you want was up with it?
About...
That word didn't you understand?
Obviously, you, why people like to see us black, say basketball,
that's why you go to see us.
I don't go to see you.
I don't watch the NBA for two seconds.
I think you're very ignorant.
I think you're a jackass.
Yeah, well, thank you.
Can't handle the truth, can't you?
It's interesting we've had, and it makes my point.
We had two calls about that, and they were both from black guys.
I don't have any problem.
You have your own sports.
All the way to do like watermelon.
Not that crazy about fried chicken or chitlins or colored greens.
But I mean, everybody can have their own thing.
What's wrong with that?
What do you got to get the hostile about it?
It happens to be the truth.
I'm not going to speak for those yuppies who go there,
because it's someplace to go.
They're not basketball fans.
Just like the people that go to the Yentos Center.
Any more than they're hockey fans.
They would know a hockey puck from a guy named Bagel.
But all of a sudden we got guys getting bent out of shape.
All day long.
Here I played that rap thing.
I played my name, as they're at the beginning.
Okay?
Did we get any calls about that?
No.
About rap music?
No.
About any of the other stuff we were talking about
from Dark God-completed Folk.
No.
But all I got to do is mention that the NBA is for black people.
It's got to get bent out of shape.
I'm not stupid.
I'm articulate and intelligent and an observer of the passing scene.
5-6-7-0-5-60, 0.5-60 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in West Palm.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I don't know if anybody brought this up Tuesday.
There was the American videos or something on TV.
Did you have to see the guys in the dukeysers were cleaning up the elephant?
No.
Okay.
There were two of them in there.
They were cleaning up the elephant.
And the one was in back of the elephant.
And the one in front kind of scared the elephant.
And the guy said, what?
Run up the elephant?
Run them.
Run them.
Run them.
I just stopped.
You might have caught that.
Okay.
Thank you.
I guess he caught it.
Whatever you say, sir, I have no idea what you're talking about, but it killed about 30 seconds.
5-6-7-0-5-60, 0.5-60 on a mobile one line.
Hank Goldberg, show it to you in the studio again for the second day in a row.
Let me take a look.
Friday, May 8th.
How about Friday, May 7th?
That's today.
Yeah, Hank Goldberg, in the building again today.
Hank will be here live and maybe actually on it to a clock or not.
You'll have to stick around and find out if it'll actually come on with the theme ends.
Kim Boak, Hamper with 6-935 to the wee hours of the morning.
The Marlins and the Dodgers, you're going to stay up for that?
No.
Damn, straight we're not.
We'll be watching the Maple Leafs and the Pittsburgh Penguins there on a CBC,
wherever else it's going to be tonight.
Anybody that's got a brain, anybody that's a real man.
Here's a mobile in Belgrade.
Hello.
Hey, how are you doing?
Pretty good.
A few things.
I want to thank you for two things.
Is mine spring?
You're only half a go.
Signed up when you told me to?
Great.
And hockey.
And enjoy watching every hockey game.
No matter who it is, it's just great, you know, fast action and everything.
And have you kept some of these commercials on TV,
were these actors and everything or talking about a book about God and everything?
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, I love the one, the Miss America, the Dev Grill.
I want to thank the Lord for this and that and stuff.
If the Lord was so great, why don't you take you down?
Right.
You know, just like the people in Oklahoma, thanking the Lord for grabbing their hand and saving them.
If the Lord is paying any attention, how can we blew everybody away and knock their house down?
Yeah, thank the Lord who still have our life and our photo album.
It is an end in that pathetic.
They're standing there in the middle of this rubble of all these splinters that used to be 3,000 houses
and they're standing there thanking God.
I mean, you're talking about people that are so brainwashed that they don't need,
they can't even begin to have a originally thought of their own in their brain.
What used to be left of their brains?
Yeah, can I make a request?
Yes, sir.
Of the Virgin Mary put...
Okay.
Thanks.
God bless you.
Yeah, let's pray to the Virgin Mary.
Maybe she's paying attention this week as opposed to hanging out at that bank building or hanging out up there at some little horse buggy town in Georgia.
What is it, Athens, Georgia?
Is that the place?
Some little nickel in dime.
I think right up to the, right up to the crit from Aintree.
In fact, that kid that's sitting up there with a banjo in the tree, you know, in Aintree in deliverance?
I wonder if he's thanking the Virgin Mary for making him what he is today, huh?
Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Yeah, I thought I was talking about that, um, the whole Britney Spears.
Thank you, ma'am.
Yeah, let me get back to Britney Spears, okay?
That's something really hot.
Thank you.
Some guys can stay there.
She's so...
Stanky.
She's stanky?
She's stanky.
She's nasty.
Come on, would you feel like 17 years old and she's getting breast implants?
Well, alleged.
I don't know.
Georgia's holding up rolling stone and it's a guy that's got good eyesight even though I wouldn't touch her with my hand.
She looks pretty good to me.
She is just sick.
She's sick.
She's like 17 years old and she's supposed to be some like role model or some craft.
Who said she's supposed to be a role model?
She's a rock star.
She's not a role model.
She's a rock star.
She's a business lady.
She's a capital pop star girl.
Right.
Yeah.
You only reason she went on tour with Instinct is because she'd get all popular and...
Hey, it's the...
She said she's falling.
How do you like that?
I find her very inspiring.
Yeah, exactly.
In fact, when you're in there on a craft where you probably be reading that, you know,
you're just going to be reading that rolling stone magazine and then you can both be full of what she just said.
Oh, gosh.
See, I just...
All I know how to do is just tack and attack and attack.
Give credit where credit is due.
You just yell a sweet heart.
That's what it is.
You just...
Holy crap.
You have food like that.
Real or imaginary or they believe or implants or whatever.
Desigure.
Oh, I'm so glad I brought up that Britney Spears thing.
Leave it to an old queen like me to come up with a real hot young chick.
You guys...
I'm calling you.
If you haven't seen that video, you once you do, you'll be thanking me.
You'll be sending me mailgrams thanking me for turning you onto that hot young thing, whatever she is.
And to say the cheese is skanky, I mean, how...
How could you look at that and say the cheese is skanky?
I heard jealousy just oozing, just seeping.
I got a white-to-phone off right now just to wipe the jealousy off from it.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hey, now how's it going?
Great.
Hey, I got that rolling stone.
Yes, she is hot.
I mean, I wouldn't go by her house.
She is smoldering.
No, you don't have to buy the...
You got that rolling stone.
She got breast-ten plants, I know what she's a bad person.
I mean, you know, and it just got that to be popular.
I mean, she's a...
She's a pop singer.
What are the expected...
Yeah, and that's what she's doing.
The role model of a teen.
What is she a role model for for the breast-plant futures of America?
What does that mean?
Yeah, I mean, you know, and that just goes with the whole thing.
I mean, that goes back to, you know, look at the music that they're listening to.
You know, they should be a role model.
The girl's a millionaire.
She's 17.
She gets big breastly, you know?
Well, let me ask you this.
Name your singer that was ever a role model.
Since when are singers supposed to be role models?
They're not.
Besides like two packs.
I need to buy it.
And as far as the...
Thanks a lot, sir.
Yeah.
And as far as the...
You were talking about adults that don't buy music or what.
And I do think that's true, but that isn't part of the radio stations.
That is part of the radio stations that are playing something that is more geared towards teens.
Right.
And I think that the adult system will keep up on music.
I mean, I'm 27.
I buy CDs every month.
What do you buy?
Well, I can't get into the commercial stuff.
I re-bulling stuff.
I'm more into the alternative, you know, more of the underground music.
You know, not as far as...
Because every year...
I want to start doing all those drugs.
That's what happens, you know?
Yeah, well, you know.
But...
But, no.
And in fact, those are associated with everything with music.
You know, it's in the rap music.
That's why they're sausage.
And that's the same thing.
I mean, you can listen to...
That's been going on since...
You know what I mean?
You know, A.C.D.C. are back in the 70s.
And the Rolling Stones are singing about hair.
I wanted to...
I mean, everybody was shooting up.
Yeah.
So it's the same thing.
And yeah, but this girl that just called you, that was just pure jealousy.
Yeah, she looks in the mirror and she just cries.
She just cries.
And we have to get her a copy of Rolling Stones.
She'll be in tears.
Yeah, I mean, I saw her on the cover and I was just blown away.
Smoldering.
Smoldering.
I'm almost ready to convert.
Almost.
Have a great day, pal.
All right.
Okay, put the magazine away.
It's 1257 and 560 WQ.
I didn't see that picture.
The one you just held up.
She really is.
She is just...
I mean, perfect.
I don't care if they're real or not.
She's perfect.
Very few people look perfect.
She is perfect.
Shapely.
Yeah, there you go.
Provision is a place to go for all your eye care needs and other...
Don't wanna get away with it.
I am the first party day.
Oh, boy.
It's the one to two hours.
My anus, my anus, my anus,
I feel like I'm being a...
My anus, my anus,
My anus, I feel like I'm being a...
My anus, my anus,
My anus, my anus,
My anus, my anus,
My anus, my anus,
I feel like I'm being a...
I kiss, y'all like cut little synchus.
That funny little sound that comes right out your synchus.
Want a copy of me and do exactly like I do?
Get paid for writing little songs about boo-hoo.
My brain's all gone.
I'm trying to get my groove on.
But I can't figure out which spot to go I'm gonna fart on.
Hey, Dr. Dreass.
Yo, man, you passed this.
Hey, I'll know.
What do I spell as?
And you low-press.
Well, since age 12 it seemed like I always smelled.
I bought ripping gases and dooms was pretty swell.
I got this job when I took my jeans off
and bought it so hard that turned my underwear backwards like Chris Cross.
And every night I'm like,
Oh, get her mad.
Then caught out my ass,
fasted up, fat,
Vatu, ain't too fat.
Smell this, honey.
Tell her to wait a minute,
my sister girl,
tell her I don't give a fuck.
God sent me to think the world up.
My anus, my anus,
my anus,
my anus, my anus,
my anus, my anus,
my anus, my anus.
You know why you could see two-winter me kicked out back in junior high.
Said the problem was something.
Proved up my ass and died.
I shot him in the face with my vapor.
The worst happened later
when I covered his desk with used toilet paper.
Walked in the stress club.
My intestines were filled up.
Moons of Bob Tannin took a dump and a kicker.
Went over to a dentist,
had a fucking agonist.
She lifted a leg up
and I knew she was a pharter.
Johnny Mountain sent him my life.
I was lied to.
I just found out my mom got drunk as an idol.
I told her I grow up to be a famous rapper.
They were wrecked about strange noises.
Made on the crap.
You know you was dirt when the living first leaves.
You drive the whole back,
but you must need to relieve.
The sky and white shadow sense was pretty cool.
But I had to go.
Go drop the kids off and move.
My anus, my anus,
my anus, my anus,
my anus, my anus,
my anus, my anus,
my anus, my anus,
my anus, my anus,
my anus, my anus,
I say Jesse DiBody from President.
I say you hear this.
Governor Jesse Ventura,
who wants to use his office to proclaim
William Stone's Day in Minnesota,
refused to sign a proclamation
making yesterday a day of prayer.
Oh!
Ventura broke with the practice of his predecessors,
who typically proclaimed a prayer day in conjunction
with the National Day of Prayer.
I believe in the separation of church and state ventures
said the Minnesota Family Council
criticized his decision, of course,
the Family Association of Right-wing Lunatic Christians.
Nice going Jesse DiBody baby.
Oh!
5-6705-60,
pound 5-60 on the AT&T line.
Here's the Jason's mom and Boko
who's all been out of shape.
Hello.
Hello Neil.
Yes ma'am.
Hi, this is Rita Blasbord, Jason's mom.
How you doing?
I'm okay.
I'm not bent out of shape.
I just want to let you know Jason is not an Arab.
And either am I.
Yeah.
I was going in Egypt that doesn't make me an Arab.
But he is circumcised.
He is.
That's what we are.
He's an American born to farting too.
Yeah.
That's it.
Oi!
He said he's got a little German in him though.
Yeah, my husband was born in Germany in a DP camp.
Wow.
So he's got a little bit of both.
You got all the bases covered.
That's it.
Okay, I'll see you at the pyramids.
Thank you.
Okay, bye bye.
Hi.
Okay, we got 600 open lines.
Now we actually had a few hours of activity here today, but don't overdo it.
This will be good then.
We can pay all the music this hour.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8 plus we got lunch coming at 130, right?
You're right.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8 on the AT&T wireless line.
See, I don't understand why that should be even the least bit provocative.
My comments about the NBA.
I've been saying that for years.
Why should anybody take umberage with that?
Why should anybody be pissed off about it?
If you like it, great.
Have a good time.
Watch it.
Eat it.
Love it.
But just because a lot of the rest of us don't care about it, it's like the guys with their golf.
You can call here every day and tell me what a great sport it is and how we ought to be talking about it.
And I'm going to still say, crap.
That's my opinion.
Christ almighty, talk about what a boring worlder would be if we all like the same stuff.
I don't care if we have any dark, conflicted folks that come to hockey games.
If you want to come, you have a good time.
Fine.
But if there were all white people in there, that's okay too.
Okay.
We're not going to start selling watermelons at the concession stand just because we got seven or eight black hockey fans.
Just like the white people that go there to the Miami arena to watch the goddamn heat.
They go out there and they expect to get like chitlins in the, you know, collared greens at the concessions.
Whatever that means.
Here's the hell in there.
Hello.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
Neil, I heard about something and I can't track it down.
It's called the racing network.
It comes in by dish.
Right.
So on seven days a week, 24 hours a day all over the world.
Have you heard of it?
Yes, I have heard of it.
I don't think it's on 24 hours a day though.
I think it's on, oh wait a minute.
Let me take a look right now and see if it's on 315.
Go on second, please.
I'm a small dish.
I think it's on.
Yeah, it's on right now.
Yeah, it's supposed to go real straight out of Canada, all over the world.
But this particular, the only one that I know of it's on 315 on Direct TV.
It's on all afternoon, but this is in 24 hours a day.
The one you're talking about, I have read about it, but I don't know where you are getting information on it.
It was advertising your station.
Yeah.
It's called the racing network.
Right.
You have no way, no phone number on it, do you?
No, of course not.
Because they don't give us any numbers.
They have people calling us morning noon and night for phone numbers of stuff like that and we have no list.
I got you.
We even went to Greg Readon and said, please, people, you know, we want to help the sponsors out.
He said, I don't care.
It's ridiculous.
It's not the way I'm getting to worry about myself.
I understood King Fugus interview.
There you go.
There you go.
Have a great day.
You too, Dan.
I have a lot of things to do.
Okay, there's a guy who wants to plunge around the clock and wipe the hell out.
It's his money.
He wants to lose it more power to him.
Help the world economy.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Push!
Hey!
Someone help!
Somebody help!
Somebody help!
There's a possibility of you and the powers you pose as.
Think you saved his life.
Think you like Lizar Dines.
He's got a job for Lizar Dines.
Oh!
You have a brand new style too.
We love the way you want your doom.
With the makes me on your chest and the roots.
You like it.
We're spending those tomorrow.
We're all crazy.
We're all crazy.
We're all crazy.
We're all crazy.
We're going to speed a darkness out.
And to back straight to hell.
When a building starts to blow,
we're going to send it out.
We're rushing through the fighting floor.
We're going to speed up the fight.
We're going to speed up the fight.
We're going to speed up the fight.
Let's go to the Virgin Mary and Mickey Martin.
They just caught the answer.
That was a good time.
They were playing a lot of cupade la vida.
That was the English one.
Somewhere I got there.
I was in the middle of the past.
560, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T Whiteless Line.
It's like the thing with the NBA.
It's a fact of league.
It's fine.
It's for dark people who happen to like guys.
It's like the thing with Ricky Martin.
We can't all of you to horse me.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Good afternoon.
Glad to have you back.
George did a fantastic job.
I'm looking forward to going to Amsterdam myself.
I'm going there at the end of July.
Looking very forward to it.
You're going to be your first trip.
That's what I hear.
I'm going to see the sights and maybe check out some of the women.
Yeah, exactly.
I'm also thinking about taking your advice and taking a train up to Cologne.
Oh, it's a beautiful city.
That's a great place.
That's for what I've heard from you as well as other people.
2.5 hours by train.
There's a few stops in between, but it's a piece of cake.
I was also thinking about going to Denmark.
I hear that's very nice as well.
I don't know if it's true or not.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe it's true.
Exactly.
We just really big, Britney Spears.
Okay. Put the magazine away and have a great day.
What is this?
What is this?
When I say
I wanted that way
That way.
That way.
That way.
That way.
That way.
That way.
That way.
That way.
That way.
That way.
You'll see that will be number one half by the end of next week.
You mark my words.
Mark it on a calendar.
Okay. Just write it down right now.
All you people that want to rip Britney is.
Just like these two young ladies just said.
They're right on target.
Whether her breasts are real.
Whether they're make believe.
Whether she can sing.
Whether she can sing.
Whether she screw in a guy from in sync.
No matter what the hell is going on.
She is A.O.K. and our book here on this show.
Is what I say.
A little bit behind the backstreet boys but nevertheless.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Oh it's me.
It sounds like you.
Neil how you doing.
Great.
A couple things though.
I tried to get to you earlier in the week when you were talking about the trains in Europe and the toilets.
Right.
I was over in Switzerland and I went in my first time I ever done that and I go in there sure enough.
I do my thing and I...
I punch the thing and the bottom drops out and there's the tracks go running by.
Right.
So I couldn't believe it.
I probably went out and I told my wife and I get my video camera.
I went in there. I videotaped the thing.
Nobody's going to believe it.
You really leave your mark on Europe when you go on a train.
I'm going to train.
And I want to say one side it kind of makes sense.
Of course over here that's politically incorrect and it's all mashed.
I've got to stop it.
They just have a little note there that says please did I use toilets during...
That the stops.
Now you're out on the highway there and it's just no big deal.
Although I think it would be okay to use it at the stop and Amsterdam because there's so much dog all over the city.
A little more wouldn't hurt.
They would never know.
It was an after-damaged kid.
I need to go back again.
Another thing.
One day USA Today I don't know if you saw it or not.
Front page news about the tornadoes and everything.
There's a quote from a man named Bob Hawking.
He says this was no tornado.
This was God taking a wrecking ball to our town.
How do the religious people justify God coming in and killing everybody and destroying their homes?
He's pissed off again.
No, it's not. He's a fucking arrange.
He's a good and great God.
Why would he do such?
I don't get that.
Because his wrath keeps waxing hot.
He just can't help himself.
How to control.
Some of the best shows that you do are the ones with people call in and you get one-on-one with them.
I just try to pedal us to God.
Even though they know that they don't believe it.
I wish somebody would call you right now.
I just can't wait.
I just love that.
I'm ready to believe.
I'll tell you what.
I'll believe there's a God.
As soon as I believe that white people really enjoy the NBA.
How come it's packed with white people?
For the same reason the hockey game is packed with white people.
Because it's a place to go.
There's nothing else going on here. What else are they going to do?
That's just part of their entertainment for the night.
Exactly.
They don't really care about it.
If you paint even just minimal attention notice 80% of them spend most of the game on their cell phones
and look at them on to see if anybody's looking at them.
They're trying to impress each other.
Not only that, they're talking to the guy across the other side of the state.
Exactly.
Everybody take out.
Wave in their hand.
Hey, see me.
Okay.
5-6705-60, 05-60 on the AT&T wireless line.
I mean just give it up already.
You can keep putting on the acting.
Of course the sports nerds they'll hop right in there with you.
Oh and zoe this and do this one.
You know, just wasting time.
You know, you're just diddling it.
Here's a mobile in Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hello Neil.
Yes sir.
How are you?
Great.
Good.
First time caller.
A long time list.
I was going to cut a couple of things I wanted to talk to you about.
First thing is, which thing I can touch you, Derby?
I didn't see it.
Oh you didn't.
I was out of the country with some implications.
I never saw replay of it.
I gamble quite often, quite frequently with a very famous X baseball player who I won't mention his name but was banned from baseball for life.
And he needs very serious help.
Wow, I'll tell you how.
He's still piling the $100 bills up on the table of the track.
Yes sir.
Oh please.
I'm waiting.
Hello.
He's got some assistance.
He told me that that boss was going to win the Kentucky Derby.
Probably the worst handicap in the world.
How bad was that, right?
I never saw this guy catch a ticket in my life.
I can tell you stories about your buddy that would make you cry.
Oh my.
Well, yeah.
But have a great day.
Yeah, anybody, you know something the only thing I can say is about a guy that comes to the racetrack and piles up a bunch of $100 bills on the table in the dining room.
All I can say is he's an asshole.
You know, maybe I may have had 4,000 hits, great player, all this other stuff.
But a guy that sits there trying to impress everybody with all the money that he's losing.
All I can say is he's an asshole.
Thank you Chuck.
There's a good friend Chuck from the sub center with my lunch today back to the meat balls and cheese.
And you know something.
So what if there was a little bit of carbs in there?
I don't care.
Do I care?
No.
No.
I'm feeling great.
I've turned the entire world on the Britney Spears now, including all you old leeches out there.
Keep these leeches out of the goddamn shopping malls and out of those tea rooms and get them on their MTV so they can see what life is really all about.
Whether they're real or not.
Thanks Chuck.
You've even got a whole new avenue here for George with this Britney Spears thing.
He's got that rolling stone.
He's got a squeeze so hard that it's bleeding and the magazine too.
I don't care if she sings like a reekay.
Well, I don't think you'd be able to tell the difference.
Don't be knocking my good buddy in reekay now, okay?
Who's got that, uh, it's not a single.
Mobile, now did you say there's a new album coming out?
Pretty decent on the soundtrack for the Wild Wild West.
Biolamos?
See.
Yes, I do see.
All it is is that, now let me ask you something.
They made me this CD over there at Power 96.
Thanks again, kid.
You're okay in my book and you're right there on out of the way what I couched you with.
But seriously, I didn't know that you could do that.
Oh yeah.
We have the ability to make CDs here in this place.
And in the place we just loved as well.
What do you mean by that?
They had a CD burner over there at Paxon.
They did?
Oh, I love that.
Can you get a CD burner for a home?
Oh yeah.
You can.
CD and DVD if you want.
Big buck, a spender like you.
You can burn it?
Yeah, I'm on.
Wow.
I think I'm going to home and burn one right now.
Or maybe before I go home, maybe right after lunch.
26 past one at 5.60.
That's what Clarence Thomas said.
Let's go burn one, y'all.
That's what he said.
Something like that.
He'd be token it.
And then that bitch in the paper this morning with a comment.
You see that column about, oh yeah, don't hide your faith and Clarence Thomas says, I'm so embarrassed for these assholes that write in the paper in this town.
Yeah, don't hide your faith.
Word on your shirt sleeve.
Put that damn fish on the back of your car.
Show everybody all the God bull crap.
I'll his busy blown up your town because he's pissed off.
Hey, you want some real action then head for Hollywood 7-O gaming on March 29th, a 34-year-old guy from Dating One over 327 grand there.
And a lady from New York walked away in February with 389 grand.
You might try day you bastard.
Just do it for Advoys.
Never feed and don't harm.
You beat the all you never saw because they're each other's paw and they're barking their balls.
Brushing their guns.
Because they ain't got no teeth.
Most aides are mountain there, Momma, because they can't catch a seed.
They're in the way.
The only way they know how.
That's just a little more fun than going to heaven from cows.
Just two wheat bread boys wouldn't change if they could.
It's ruined with Darwin because there came a folkism wood.
All right, 132 at 560 WQM were sucking the juice today or whatever that thing was.
What is it? Suck the rage.
Suck the rage. That's the model of the NBA's suck it.
Anyway, Jim Faxson says he had a similar toilet experience in Germany as well.
We took a short cruise on the rhyme when he went to use the toilet.
He could look straight down into the river.
I told my buddy about it.
We overheard a German on the boat saying the river was cloudy because of silt, which you may have mispronounced.
They may have made something that sounds like silt.
At least three of the letters were right anyway.
560-560 on the 18 TV.
I'm going to do on Monday.
I'm going to bring my video in from MTV that I taped the last night on the night before.
There's about two hours on there.
We can play the Britney Spears thing right there because I'm sure it's probably not in the stores yet.
Even if it is, who wants to pay to buy it when I already got it on tape.
Here's a mobile in Tamarack.
How are you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
First I'd like to thank God for giving me that flat tire earlier today.
I really appreciate that.
Right.
And some Britney Spears info.
Saw her on a show the other day.
Yeah.
And 20 you mentioned Annette Funicello because Britney Spears was a new mouse-cutter on that movie show.
When they had it and I get her in sync connection was two of the guys in sync.
I think it's the guy he's doing now.
We're also in mouse-cutter.
Yeah, they both look real Mickey Mouse to me that in sync.
Anyway, that's the book.
Thank you, sir.
56670560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
I'll tell you one thing we had more young ladies called today than we ever have in the seven years of two.
They like what?
4 or 5?
That's a lot for us.
That's like a 10-year quota.
Because you got to talk about the stuff that they're interested in.
Okay?
They're interested in in sync and the backdoor boys and Britney Spears and all of these things.
Okay?
And even that marginal Jordan and Joey, they used to be in the garden and they knew kids on a block who should only go away.
Who couldn't sync their way out of a paper sack?
And even as Ricky Martin, which this is why he's singing in both languages.
Now all of a sudden he made the big crossover.
He's big in Spanish.
He's big in English.
He's big in Puerto Rican, which they, you know, who knows what language they're speaking.
Is there a difference between, I was thinking that this morning.
Is there a difference between the Spanish that they're not?
They'll make some kind of a shot at the Puerto Rican because I know you.
But is there a difference between their Spanish and like the Spanish that they...
Get out of here with that!
Cuban speak.
Yes.
Yeah.
This is the difference.
Meaning what?
Mostly in the slang.
Yeah, such as what?
I don't want to hear anything disgusting and foul like Cunio and Nierda and Maricone and the...
All of them have different versions of Spaniard Spanish.
Like they drop the list and the Puerto Rican does.
The Puerto Rican people who have a list, they screw it up.
You know, that just can really, really screw up.
Okay, now you're back to the Mexicans again.
That was two days ago.
You're getting like the audience.
Let's stick with the Puerto Ricans, okay?
Ricky Martin, they don't come any more Puerto Rican than him.
They say it's bad thing.
And they don't come luckier than me either, okay?
I wish him nothing but the best.
He never stole a freight train.
But those people that graduate from general hospital even look at that pukin' Laura that were on that show.
In fact, I think they're back.
Who knows?
I watch guiding light myself.
Thank you.
But I mean, look at all the people that have been on there that have moved on to Bigger Ricks Springfield.
And that's simple than Richard Simmons.
And who else?
John Stamos Blackie.
One, there's the one good guy.
You know, all of them did like Richard Springfield.
He had like two or three records.
He was good.
But John Stamos, he still looks the same.
There's a good guy for you.
A good macho guy instead of a screaming, simple Richard Simmons.
And then of course, there's Ricky Martin who, you know, he's a...
Here's a traffic pick report in Hollywood.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Southbound 95 between right after our sterling.
There's a bad wreck.
Everybody's just starting back in up there.
Don't let everybody know.
Southbound 95.
Yes, sir.
Thank you, sir.
Have a wonderful day.
Good weekend.
I'm YouTube.
And Happy Mother's Day.
By the way, all you mothers out there, I don't want to neglect that.
I don't want to forget that.
And no, my mother is not going to be on the year.
And Jason came in and said, you can be sure.
His mother won't be calling in again anytime soon.
What's wrong with you, Jason?
You're just some kind of a hard-ass.
Leave mom alone.
Okay, she sounded real nice to me.
For a Sephardic Jewish mother.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's dear field V.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
I have a hockey question for you.
Yeah.
When the team takes a penalty like too many men and they put a guy on the bench on the penalty
box, a lot of times it's like a real good player.
How do they decide who goes in there?
Because it's always somebody that would never be playing killing penalties.
Okay.
So if it's pure like they put Pablo Bore on their pitch up.
Yeah, it's not that bad.
Well, they wouldn't put him in there, I don't think.
But they, it's like Whitney has been in there in that kind of a situation.
If they figure maybe they can spring somebody on a breakaway or something getting out of the penalty box.
It depends on the situation in the game.
But it's always a guy that they would not be using killing penalties.
All right.
See, gotcha.
Also, I'd like to call Mark and Phoenix a big predictive dialer buying douchebag.
Okay.
Thanks, but see ya.
And by the way, speaking, I'm already struck up by the way since most of you know so little about the game.
Not only do you have a great offensive season and have it a fantastic offensive of the game.
So I'm not going to play off.
But he's also one of the best penalty killers in the National Hockey League.
I just mentioned that in passing since our organization here paid him 600 grand to go away.
5670560, 0560 on the AT&T line.
Joe Costell, one of the nurses, thank God the sandwich don't smell like feet today.
Now I haven't smelled sandwich, I guess certain kinds of cheese they do smell like.
And maybe that's with tochis, tojian.
Smell like feet.
Now I don't know what his problem is, I have no idea, he just screw up, he shaves his nuts and he doesn't like feet.
Now what about, what's your name?
Bridgette.
Huh?
Britney Spears.
What did I say?
Bridgette.
I got a mouth full of food here, I don't know what I'm doing.
Britney Spear.
He will not put her feet into the mouth eating.
You wouldn't suck her toast?
How about her?
22B420560WQMFU.
So how gay do you want to look today?
Pretty gay.
Like, flippant raiding gay or just, train gay.
No, like really gay.
Great, mean bad.
How gay do you want to look today?
Come to gay cuts and we'll give you the perfect hairdo to suit your alternative style.
You want the Tarsie beans looking or the two layer thing around the back.
No matter how gay you are, gay cuts can fit your style.
And don't forget to ask about our new specialty cuts too.
From that shaving to crack shaving, gay cuts will do it all.
Yeah, the bastion just hates my hair.
If you could do something about that, we both be really happy.
Just bend over and say, move for me.
Gay cuts.
How gay do you want to look today?
142.560WQMFU.
We got the award winning Hank Goldberg show coming up in two.
The odds are 80 to 20 against that he'll be there at two o'clock when the theme ends.
We just sit around here mesmerized every day.
It's become like a regular part of our routine.
Waiting to see if he's actually going to be here.
Will it be Cory?
Will it be Jason?
Will it be, will it be the janitor?
Will it be anybody whose voice comes on air like it's a 201?
Keeping gas in Hank.
Then they got Kimba Bull Campers six o'clock.
And then at 9.30 night night, whatever time 9.35, Marlon's in the dark.
It's on.
Oh, here we go.
You tell me you're in love with me.
I know you can't take your feet.
I know what you need.
You stop that I don't want to.
I never saw anybody move so fast in my life.
I saw that telescope you were talking about.
Yeah, I went to the stage and found out that he looked here.
I believe it was something that can hit the video for everybody.
Turn on the MCV and immediately leave not soon to voice the role.
I'm going to stop and stop.
Yeah, she's seven years old.
Pretty good song.
I don't want to be so shy.
Oh, now if you watch there, it now watch.
Don't take your eyes off it.
Look at that hand.
You see that one?
Oh, here he is.
Here's the guy.
Anyway, there was a hand in a crotch on the...
Whatever that noise on the left of the car.
Can you see that?
No one else saw it.
No messages.
Don't let people watch you that.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Anyway, that's another one.
Song sucks.
She must be another product of the big pop of music factory.
Britney Spears line.
Hi, Neil.
What's up, buddy?
I can't believe you just picked up like that.
You're not going to answer the phone.
He's busy.
He's got both hands occupied.
I've called the station before.
I just want to let you know that Britney Spears
is cleaning my daughter's room out the other day.
Yes.
She's got a poster up.
I got major wood.
I just want to let you know that she's playing that good stuff.
And I am a Julio from Ilya.
I got a shameless request.
Cowboy dick ice cream.
You got it.
All right, buddy.
Okay.
We know where this guy's mind is running.
Hey, what's he eating?
Cowboy dick.
Look at Rose.
There's nothing like a little cowboy dick ice cream.
I want something.
I've got a craving.
Yeah, well, how about some cowboy dick?
Oh, the cowgirls love my cowboy dick.
And I should know because I'm cowboy dick.
I like my cowboy dick with some nuts.
No problem, partner.
Introducing cowboy dick with not so big.
You can hardly wrap your lips around them.
My young and love cowboy dick.
Hey, I'm a failure posse with my cowboy dick.
Oh, cowboy dick.
Here, try it.
How is it?
I can't talk.
My mouth is full of cowboy dick.
She's smiling.
She's smiling.
Filling your mouth with my cowboy dick.
A cowboy that grows his freezer.
Ooh, once you've had your first cowboy dick,
you won't ever know that.
When you're filled with cowboy dick,
you'll scream, oh, yeah.
So, Joe Costello says that Britney Spears couldn't hold a candle
to Jeff Gordon.
Whatever that means.
That's what he said.
What did I always tell you about these auto-wasting guys?
By the way, don't forget tomorrow morning is the big show,
6 to 7 still?
Yeah, 6 to 7.
It should be 7 to 8,
but he got screwed over by the program director who's a pussy.
Here's the Fort Lauderdale.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
You're the exception to the rule.
Of what?
You're the only Jew I know that doesn't like Baboonball.
Yeah.
Which is good because it's all clutching and timeouts and falls at the end.
Oh, bowling, yeah.
It's garbage.
It's a real after-
What's the big deal of a guy that's 7 foot tall shooting the ball into a 10 foot basket?
I mean, you've got to keep in mind they haven't raised the basket in about 100 years, okay?
Guys like Bobby Wands are the used to be 5, 9, 5, 10 when they were Bob Koozy,
little guys, when they made baskets, then it was an accomplishment.
When you're 7 feet tall and your arm goes up 9 and a half feet in the air, what's the big deal?
It doesn't make any sense to me.
I don't know what the attraction is with this country with that game.
I have no idea.
But, after all.
It's strictly hype.
It is.
It's all, well, it takes up all the sports pages every day.
Yeah.
Well, that's because you've got to understand the herald, they're in bed with Mickey Ererson.
Remember when they put the arena over on the public because it's right down there by the herald building
and a figurative property guy who will go up and they are sunset and they don't know the rest from their elbow?
Yeah.
And when you have series like the abs and the sharks, which was extensational,
you had nothing without two paragraphs about it.
Right.
And they talk about they give a frontal page to the heart away today.
It's amazing.
And it's pathetic.
It's just a tragic.
That's why you got to hop on the internet and check out real newspapers.
I'll do that, Neil.
Okay.
Check out the Toronto Sun.
Then you'll hear some good hockey stuff.
12 minutes before.
So there you saw the video and what was I right or what?
You were right.
And I never have to turn the volume up again because it's...
You don't have to listen to music.
Just take a look at her and you know.
Don't waste either one of that your hands turn the music up.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60, on the...
She's cute.
You know, I mean the music sucks.
It was.
But then again, she's in with in sync.
I'm telling you, I don't care if it's number one half at in sync.
They couldn't sync their way out of a paper box.
They suck.
They're pathetic.
I would listen to five before I would listen to in sync.
And I would die before I'd listen to five or four or three.
Five of the pasties looking brits who could again couldn't get arrested at a panty rate.
149 at 560 WQM.
Thank you.
