Sports Radio 516 WQAM Miami 4-Lotterdale presents the Neil Rogers
What's your name?
What's your name?
What's your name?
What's your name?
What's your name?
What's your name?
What's your name?
What's your name?
What's your name?
What's your name?
What's your name?
What's your name?
What's your name?
What's your name?
What's your name?
What's your name?
What's your name?
What's your name?
I'm dying of a sin.
Oh, Jake, off the way,
With further ranges,
One of us,
I'm so white and Jewish, friends.
Now we hear him say,
He's thinking about moving to Miami,
Where he thinks he'll blend in.
You're back!
Hoorah!
You're back!
You're back to hell than you, me, ho.
Yes.
Go back!
Go back!
I want you to go back to hell than you, me, ho.
Go back, old Jake.
We can go to a next spot,
We can go through your...
Jake, come off the egg, you buttery asshole!
When you say to me, you whack!
I'm just...
I feel your way.
I'm just saying to you,
Why'd I answer?
I'm just saying to you, I'm just saying to you,
You're back!
You're back!
You're back!
You're back!
You're back!
You're back!
You're back!
You're back!
You're back!
You're back!
You're buttering asshole!
I'm back to the back, you buttery asshole!
I'm back!
I got straight hate, asshole!
I got straight hate, asshole!
Okay, I want to make sure that I got on her this time.
Well, most of it.
Two and a half past ten and five sixty WQM,
The ratings are out, the new trend.
The February, March and April,
This goes on every month,
It just never stops,
Something we have to live with.
And boy,
And the interesting thing to me is,
I guess we're the only ones in the building
that know other than the management types that the ratings actually came out yesterday.
Now, I bet you they would have been good,
Everybody would be running around
because they would have the information,
But because they were really, I mean,
Bad.
Oh my god, they were,
It would like a...
They stopped!
Yeah, that's a good way to put it.
And so as a result, it's a big secret.
And I said,
Of course, you can't keep the secret from me,
Because I've been doing these ratings things for about a hundred years,
And everybody expects me to talk about them.
But I'm in the hallway this morning about a quarter to about 20 to 10,
Or whatever it was.
And there I'm one of their nine-minute commercial breaks,
And wandering around in the hall,
And I said to Gildy and Joe,
I said, you know,
Boy, these ratings really stuck this time.
Oh, there's a rating came out.
I said, yeah, they were terrible.
We all took a precipitous drop,
But you know what?
Nobody cares!
And they said,
That's right.
But of course, the big question going around to building now
Is does Duff have to give the $200 back?
Uh-huh.
For the employee of the month.
I think that's been rescinded.
And guess what else he's got to get back?
That desk.
You know, seriously,
Have you ever walked by that little room that he sits in there right next door to us?
And even with the desk in there now, he looks small.
Do you know what I mean?
For a guy who's like,
One step under the general manager,
Who's supposed to be the program director of this radio station.
He's the PG.
He just, he just, he just looks small.
So near it's a small room with a small desk and he looks like insignificant.
Did you know what I'm saying?
It's not good.
He ought to be sitting in one over the cross the hall there that same temporarily for next 20 years is sitting in,
Because Sam of course is one of the chosen people.
And he does look Jewish too, by the way, doesn't he?
No, he does.
He definitely, he does.
He looks more Jewish than he looks than his way.
Although we have enough problems of our own,
Because we got, you know,
We got Todd Dreck to deal with.
And his other buddies who spend 15 minutes in here this morning,
What he said.
Papapapapapa.
And I was still hearing it.
It's resonating in my ears.
You, you can say something to Todd Dreck and our sales department.
Like, you know, Todd, this piece of copy is like
Not tight very clearly.
I can't read the thing, it's a bad copy and he'll do a 50 minute monologue.
Papapaapapa.
You know, instead of just saying,
OK, I'll have somebody be type it,
Which will be fine.
Or not is the case, maybe, because we don't care.
nah leo you know we don't give a crap
popula pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa you know he's gonna
impress me with his uh... reviewed
in my apprentice don't know
an impression he'sangers uh... till you know that i think career thought they
were gonna be bad
because there was no message on my answering machine when i got home from
mummies from lunch is today
and they vote to a short history afternoon so i do that because there is no
mess result that probably the station took a big
dump in a month in April and this happens to us every year
I've told you this for years.
Winter book January, February and the fall book.
October, November, December, January, February, March.
We do great.
Every year, every single goddamn year, we do great in the fall
in the winter.
Every year for the last six, I'm with years.
And as soon as those holidays come,
that I'm always telling you about,
oh, look at that.
We forgot to redo the phone system.
See, here, this is perfect.
I was going to take that call, cool, and I apologize to you.
We actually had a call already, but now we have to go through,
yeah, here we go.
We have to redo the phone.
And if you have booted, we have to redo the phone.
Oh, come on.
Oh, come on.
Oh, come on.
Oh, come on.
Oh, come on.
That's it.
One more, come on.
Thank you.
At least I moved the switch, so I don't have to crawl
into the board now.
WQA, and it's working now.
Hello.
Yeah, is this Neil?
Yes, sir.
This ain't Neil.
Yes, it is.
Are you in a barrel or something?
Yeah, I can barely hear you.
I'm in a tunnel.
Like I said, I got my shovel for you.
What did I tell you?
I don't want to do this a lot of things.
Then you've got to get your shovel out.
Excellent job, sir.
Beautiful.
So what was I talking about before we took our first call?
Talk about it.
Because, huh?
Don't start.
Don't start pushing, okay?
I don't want to even think about him.
WQA.
Station A.
You stand at those great ratings until the month of April until
everybody disappeared.
WQA.
George.
Yes.
Hope Sound.
What is it?
Hope Sound Calling.
Hope Sound?
Yes, sir.
Where's that?
That's up above Jupiter.
Yeah.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Okay, what a bad day.
One of your bad days.
Go ahead.
Got laid off.
You got laid?
There's an off.
And then off.
And then off.
And then the water is going to be in the water.
And then the water is contaminated.
And they got to boil the water around here.
And there's the rapid fox.
There's a rapid fox in the neighborhood.
So we're going to keep all our pets inside.
And I got this stupid dog that likes to stay up.
So he's in the neighborhood and he's rabid.
Probably just said one too many.
You know, you're almost hilarious.
Okay, thanks.
Bye.
See you.
Okay, so there we go.
They're in a good mood today.
Thank God.
Because the ratings sunk on this station for the month of April.
Boy, we headed this disaster.
And I like I said, I think it's great.
Because number one, we don't care.
And number two, it's going to get some of these people maybe off their ass around here.
There's nothing worse than complacency.
I've always said that.
And the great reads of the world, they can walk around and then they bluff them.
Do they can walk around and say, hey, look at this.
We're great.
You're not great.
I'm driving home yesterday.
I get in my car and we're worse.
Hank.
Again.
Where is the hamburger, huh?
We're in hell.
Is he?
Hey, stupid.
I don't want to hear a bunch of 10 year old kids on a year.
And then it's hopped all off.
George is in the middle of that thing.
What the hell were you doing in there?
I wanted to take the fan in.
Yeah.
The fan in the home.
Because the AC was out in those studios also.
Yeah.
So I had to shut the fan in there and they sucked me in.
You had sucked in the fan, huh?
Yeah.
And there was Cory in there.
By the way, I didn't get invited to Cory's party.
That's the right way.
I didn't come.
I didn't get invited.
I didn't get invited either.
You didn't get invited either.
You didn't get invited either.
He wasn't there.
And I wasn't there.
You know what that tells you?
Right there.
Exactly.
Yeah.
We had other things to do.
Like, lose my ass at the track.
No seriously.
I wasn't invited to the party.
How was it?
My good close friend Cory Sabin.
That's always tell me a song of the dance about how much he loves me and so on.
Didn't invite me to his going away party.
A good time was head by on.
Where was it?
At Shenenigans.
Oh, that sounds great.
I might have had a better time there than losing 90 bucks at the track.
You know what?
But I wasn't invited.
And somebody who's sitting in there right now, meaning you didn't tell me about it.
You never go to parties.
How do you know that?
You've never gone to a station party they had to bride you with season tickets.
Yeah.
You go to one.
I went to that one and they'd be at the party.
Right.
That's why I don't go to any more of them.
Thanks Bob Green for curing me of going to those stupid station events.
Nothing like having a station where 90% of the people are Jews going to a place where they're having a, you know, a clan rally, which is great.
Oh, here's your castellos in here too.
Nah, that's good.
Huh?
No, seriously.
Do you know that the only way you can tell identical twins apart is to check out their penis?
We heard that right at the end of the show yesterday.
No, seriously, because they don't.
They're identical in every respect except the penis.
That's the one guy.
Remember that guy at the end of the show yesterday who said that his roommate was it plural?
He's got two of them and they are identical twins and they like to do the sandwich number on some abroad.
And I think they, every now and then they slip her out of there.
They just keep going is the way it works.
Now, maybe he was talking about these guys from the one is from you of him.
Did you ever do any research on this since you're in the sports department?
Did you do any research on Jeff?
So we're going to the sports department.
The hell he's not.
Auto racing isn't sports.
Oh, that's a good point.
You're right.
You're right.
It's not sports.
Jeff Papa, which you and research on that and find out who he is and where he can be found, et cetera.
And by the way, ever Crabby and Fitch has got a store in the day land.
We find out right.
So anybody wants to go apparently also knew what in the event room.
And in the adventure of mall.
All right.
You don't have to wait until you call up some stupid number.
Go right in there into the mall and get your own thing and a catalog too.
Okay?
Because I know that everybody in this audience that we never had a response like that in a hundred years.
Like we did yesterday for the ever Crabby and Fitch catalog.
Not that we have a lot of people that want to buy clothing out there.
And they just all horn you want to see a lot of naked pictures.
And believe me in this catalog, there's something for everybody and everything that moves.
I'm really pissed I wasn't invited to quarry party last night.
I mean, never be the same.
Is he a done?
Is he finished or is he a...
What?
Today is his last day?
Oh my god.
Sure better get a going away case.
I'll tell you that.
You didn't get to it.
Now I'm a man.
I never give a kid to do a man to be a dad.
I can't believe that I'm a dead ringer.
For the guy I met on Jerry Springer.
Well, you're a creep.
The king of socks.
Thank you, mom.
Had to work three jobs.
You let home when I was three.
You may have laid my mom but you really screwed me.
Mr. Brady, he was my hero.
Because my dad had it up to me at zero.
I used to get sad, but now I'm just mad.
I'm never giving a kid to my dad.
He's dead, got to buy.
Well now and then sleep with mom and we never see him again.
I've never had this time.
He said, I'm here.
You brought us a flusy antis, expectable of beer.
I ain't gonna call it.
I miss my problem.
My father, Baker, was my mom.
I've grown my life so wrecked.
The only time you let your son to check.
I used to get sad, but now I'm just mad.
I never give a kid to my dad.
He's dead.
I never give a kid to my dad.
He's dead.
I never give a kid to my dad.
Okay, 2018 is 560 WQ.
We got Jim Mad Dog Mad.
It's two o'clock this afternoon for the hump.
He was up there busy.
Is he ever going to be on the air again or what, Hank?
No.
He's just a few minutes here, a few minutes here.
And then we got Cory and the guys playing Grand Bass.
That's gonna be bad, by the way.
The fact that Cory is leaving.
Because I told you that when Hank had the big numbers in the winter book,
the research showed that when Cory was on air, when Hank was like,
we couldn't get the line going or Hank was eating two or three extra meals,
or whatever was going on.
That's where the big numbers were in the afternoon.
And now the Cory is leaving.
Who's gonna fill the breach in there, by the way?
Does he have a replacement for him yet?
We don't.
Well, why should we worry about that now?
The day is his last day.
And I mean, you know, we only need somebody tomorrow.
So why should we worry about that right now already?
You know what I'm saying?
It'll run like the day before.
I plan that far ahead, right?
Anyway, I saw a great bumper sticker on the way to the track last night.
Maybe the greatest bumper sticker I ever saw in my life.
There was a lady driving this car.
Nice car on Sweetheart.
I'm sure she's not listening.
Because nobody else is listening to anyone.
But the bumper sticker said, life is short.
Don't be a dick.
I thought that was the greatest bumper sticker ever.
I saw my life.
Beautiful.
Right on target.
I put it along with my philosophy.
Okay?
Here's the front page of the Sun Central this morning.
God, please save us.
That's what they were screaming on the plane.
And he didn't do a two-bed of a job.
I mean, nine of them died.
But, you know, out of 145, nine is not too bad.
Well, he's not perfect.
Oh.
How about...
He was perfect.
Two of these ratings came out.
So anyway, the big story in the ratings, I'm gonna digest these.
We're gonna find out today what's wrong with WQAM.
Besides the fact that we get no promotion,
and we gotta want you to dump those running this place,
and that we have to reboot the phone system every morning
and the air was out all day yesterday,
nothing around here works.
And the fact that they're talking a lot about a lot of boring stuff,
most of the day.
But beside that,
besides those obvious things,
what's wrong with QAM that we went into Crapper?
Even though this does happen to me every year.
What?
What was that?
Oh, it was his photos beeping.
I wanted to get it on the air.
Oh, okay.
Well, it could be like yesterday,
we could have that door open and have all the salespeople come up
and play Crapper.
So, I just wanted to make sure that you understood that it's all over.
We believe you, okay, we believe you.
We saw the picture.
I talked to you already.
She said, you're great.
And okay, we believe you.
Stop trying so hard to convince me.
He's trying to convince himself.
No, stop. You know, we believe you.
So anyway, what was I saying?
The AC didn't work,
and we have to reboot the phone system.
No, seriously, we're taking a survey today.
The management says we want to find out what's wrong
and why you're not listening to the whole station.
I mean, this intact.
Of course, like I said before, to me, every,
this is no surprise because every April the same thing happens.
All my listeners, they're snowboards.
They're here, some of them come in October.
Some of them come like once or twice a year, you know, like,
sports court, you know, like that.
And once those holidays come,
when it's pay-sock and Easter, they're gone.
I told you that.
I told you that this year, I told you that every year for the past 500 years.
The spring and the summer we,
croak, we just die.
Die.
Now, if you want to know the positive stories
in this latest trend that came out,
even though it's just a one-month-old trend,
Howard went through the roof.
I must have been those tasteful comments he made about the kids dying in
little thin or something.
All the, when did that happen?
Was that in May?
Was that in April?
No, it was April.
It was like April 22nd, wasn't it?
Yeah.
That must have been what put him over the top when he had that call in there to the
Denver station.
Because he went through the roof.
I mean, he always does very well in this market.
But he went, I mean, just gigantic.
So everybody in their brothers listening to Howard in the morning,
midday the story is,
we took a precipitous drop just like the rest of this station.
And the Lard-Ason, Dr. Laura,
10 to 3 on I and Z.
Even though Rick and Suds kind of seemed like they bottomed out.
And the afternoon, oh boy, she's found her niche.
Thank you.
The bitch has found her niche.
She's stuck there with a 1.3-year, 2554.
And she's consistent.
She's locked right in, I'm a 6-people, okay?
And they refused to leave.
But they had quite an impressive move up there in persons at 12 plus,
at least, not so much 2554.
Maybe some old parts, you know?
Right wingers, good, right wing Republicans who were listening to Lard-Ason.
I bet is what it was in the month of April.
Maybe people are getting like all psychotic and whipped up to a frenzy.
Maybe this is their big response.
Does anybody want to buy any spots at that station?
No.
And you on the Marlin?
No.
No.
But nevertheless.
So that's the big story is Howard and Lard-Ason.
And the other big story was Y-100.
Now, why, what reason during the month of April,
especially with the kids still in school,
and interestingly enough, 25 to 54,
that asshole footy over there, you know?
Wasn't he the one that said about my cheap cigar spots
or whatever he was talking about, talking through his ass,
not having any idea what he was talking about,
and only wishes that he made what I was making?
Nice going footy.
Your small potatoes, okay, sweetheart?
Even on your big 100,000 watt FM station
with your much improved numbers.
You're still small potatoes.
I mean, every demographic out of the sun, Y-100.
What?
Yeah, they had that big increase.
Where the hell is it?
25, 54, see how that...
Look at this.
Midday, we went from a 7.4 to a 6.3.
What is that?
Or no, we only wish.
We went from a 6.1 to a 4.8.
That's the life that had those numbers.
So we had a precipitous drop in every demographic.
The mornings that took a big dump,
we took a big dump, Hank took a...
Dump.
But Y-100 went from a 4.0 to a 5.2.
This is persons 25 to 54.
Do you know anybody 25 to 54 listens to Y-100?
No.
No.
Ever under any circumstances?
No.
I don't know anyone that listens to Y-100.
No.
I don't know any AT-T-N-Boppers, okay?
No, I don't love AT-T-N-Boppers.
They listen to power.
And they listen to power.
Well, how the hell did power do?
Oh, well, power's number one.
Oh, look at that.
Thank God.
Many teen plussies than power's number one.
18 pluss.
18 pluss.
That's overall power 96 is number one.
That's shocking.
But how the hell did they do 25 to 54?
I could dissect all of these damn things, okay?
And of course, I know that they don't really mean that much
from one month to the other.
And I've been telling you that for 100 years.
But it's fun to deal with these.
And especially to aggravate the people inside the building here.
Because, you know, when you sit back on your haunches
and you're complacent like they are around here
and you think everything's going great,
you need a good slap in a face like this and a good awakening.
You need a bunch of people to say,
hey, guess what?
You guys suck.
That's right.
And I think some people might say that.
They may have a point.
Maybe we do suck.
Okay?
Maybe we got some very serious problems here.
But we got a general manager that's running around spreading
disease all over the building.
Maybe we got a program director to sit in there
with a little make-believe desk.
Maybe we got guys down here talking about ball games.
And nobody gives a flying crap about it.
Like that stuff.
I hate to break the news with that guy that called with his Oreo fan.
Man, get a life.
Okay?
About the late night scores.
You can go all over North America and every newspaper
except for USA today that goes to bed about three o'clock in the morning
when those nice color pictures finally dry.
But except for that goddamn newspaper.
Every other paper on a West Coast can say incomplete late night.
Whatever it says on there.
Does it have the score?
But this guy, he's so worried about his Oreo playing out there at Seattle.
Maybe calls like that are what's putting us in a crapper.
You think that might be it?
I think that's got a lot to do with it.
Apparently, why 100 was giving away money to all of the companies?
Oh, why 100 was buying the freaking audience?
How do you like that?
Even people 25 to 54 will take free money, right?
Yeah.
Lots of it.
How much?
No, seriously.
Even people 25 to 54 over the age of 1000.
We'll take all the free money you got.
You know what I'm saying?
There you go.
Hey, listen, easy, come, easy, go.
You know what I'm talking about?
Just open up my wallet and $50,000 just fell out there.
Easy, come, come, come, let's split.
What is it?
He's desperate.
Don't get me started, okay?
Don't start.
I'm going to such a good mood today because we had a crappy rating.
I was hoping we'd have a crappy rating because this place deserves it.
They don't deserve the great ratings that we've been getting especially
when a guy named Program Director does nothing but make the schedules out
and run in and out of here to see if the schedules are right.
He gets the employee of the month after we have the biggest rating book in the history of this.
So this station deserves to go right in the old crap house.
This is what they deserve.
Nice go and Greg.
And Greg says he does want to $200 back from the.
He wants it back right now.
And the desk.
5, 6, 7.
We're asking our musical question today.
Why have you all stopped listening to WQA and what's wrong with this radio station?
We're, you know, we got big shoulders.
I'll sit here and listen for four hours, three and a half whatever we got left.
Got the Marlin game tonight.
Anybody want to buy some spots?
No.
26 past 10 at 560 WQM.
You want to.
Jordan gives South Florida a major blowjob.
I don't have to grow up.
I'm a Gunsor up kid.
So I can always kill myself for something that I did.
It's gonna be cool when I kill everyone at school.
So if my dad said it's okay.
I'll exercise my rights.
That's finally an R.A.
That lets me be a Gunsor up kid.
In Gunsor Us kid.
I call them how to shoot.
Well, he really loves the sound of blood.
No way that gun, the cute.
I'm a hummus, I don't know.
Nazi red neck with the size on the internet.
I'm a lifetime member of the NRA.
That's why I raise a Gunsor Us kid.
Here son.
Oh boy, I'm a GUN.
I'm glad that you're a Gunsor.
1030 at 560 WQAM.
We got managed it too.
I was starting to say we got Donald Greta in the 630 talk in baseball,
which there's tremendous burning interest in this town.
And then we got the Marlins and the Cardinals again.
630 pre-game game at 705.
That's a schedule.
Yeah, the audience I think is letting us down.
You look at this and you see why 100 is buying off the audience.
That to me is not loyalty.
The idea that you will be bought in addition to which how many people
listening to me right now have ever won any money for listening to Y100.
Although if it's good enough for power 96 to buy the audience,
which they do the same goddamn thing, how much did they give away every week?
With all the PMs that they got around it, all the underpaid people?
What?
$1,000 a day when they do it.
And however many days.
Like 10 days.
I've got news for a thousand a day isn't enough to get me to listen to that crap.
No way, no chance.
5607 0560, pound 560 on a mobile one line.
Here's the mobile in West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hey, how's it going, Neil?
Great.
All right, I was reading an article in the new time just the other day.
Yeah.
And I had a question I wanted to know if you know,
another one I used to homo calls, is that what this is all about?
No, it's a question about it.
About what?
All right, I was reading and it's talking about the new fetish for, you know,
the gay man or something.
No, there's not a new fetish for the gay men, but go ahead, sir.
I was looking for some happy cook.
Yeah, I was looking for some happy cook.
Oh, you shouldn't say that.
Well, it's talking about how, you know, they see people now in like 40's in
the dark, how they have a new fetish for being 8050's.
I want to know if this is true.
Well, I'll tell you what, why not ask your mama, find out.
56670560, pound 560 on a mobile one line.
Why is it that these people are so concerned with what everybody else is doing?
Are you understand?
Besides the fact that they're not getting any and they have no life?
Not everybody.
It's amazing.
All the times that there's been anything in new times, do we ever get anybody
to say there's other than the best of the issue that ever reads anything in new times?
No.
I mean, I think he wants in the 23 years I've been on the year.
But not if there's an article about all these wildest screaming queens out there doing their
bearbracking and the fist the f***ing, you know, as if that's something new by the way.
And this guy probably had like a can of Christo sitting right beside him no doubt as he went and
doubted, try it out.
Here's the lady in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Neil?
Yes, I am.
You're good.
Listen, I'm really mad because George didn't tell you about the party and Corey didn't invite
you.
Yes.
You know, I'm from another country.
Right on the calendar and big red letters.
Oh, you know, like I read that calendar, right?
It's in front of you.
Mm-hmm.
Go ahead, I'm sorry.
Gorgeous and rough.
What just happened?
What just happened to her that you got cut off?
Her boyfriend.
The guy that was giggling in the background when it took the call.
Oh.
56670, 0560, 0560 on a mobile online.
We're waiting for you to critique.
I mean, how often do we give you this opportunity?
Not that I care, of course.
But here's a chance for you to critique WQM and tell us why you've turned it off.
Even if you're not listening right now, we still want you to participate.
56670560, 0560 on a mobile online.
Too much of that anti-god stuff.
By the way, anybody shoot, get shot for Christ overnight.
Take a bullet for Christ.
See, it's impossible for me not to get started on that again because in my lifetime, I've
never heard anything so unacceptable, so unbelievable.
And it's audience like not only did they find it palatable, but they agree with it.
It's a good point.
She took a frickin' bullet for Christ.
Anybody in the audience want to take a bullet for the Virgin Mary?
Come on.
Crazy people we're talking about.
You have no respect for human life.
That's why you wonder why these kids are running around shooting each other.
Who's bringing them up?
Crazy people like you who have no respect for human life.
Who are back into this barbaric human sacrifice craft.
Oh, yeah.
She took a bullet for Christ.
I mean, like Jesus wants her to take a bullet in the goddamn brain or in the tacos or wherever
she took it.
Are you people out of your mind or what?
Crazy people.
See, I don't have a degree.
I probably should have to have a degree to do this show because I'm like a therapist in this town.
I talk to crazy people for hours a day.
People ask me what I do for a living.
I tell them I say I talk to crazy people for hours a day every day of my life.
And that's the F and truth, baby.
She took a bullet for Christ.
Oh, yeah.
That's a good point.
She was very courageous and a and a last guy and not a child, not some punk out there.
Remember, yesterday the last guy an adult older than I am.
I'll bet older than Mathuzla.
And I said, so in other words, Christ wanted her to take a bullet.
The sacrifice wants to blood sacrifice.
Well, I don't know about that.
He doesn't know about it.
He's got to think about it.
He's got to ask his shrink in his priest about it.
And by the way, when you go see your priest, make sure you stay off your knees.
Okay?
So maybe to pray.
Here's a mobile in Palm Beach.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
The new time suck.
Yeah.
So that is your program director.
That's why you're going down now.
Okay, well, that's your about it.
What's the problem, sir?
Our problem.
Our director sucks.
If that two to six hour, I think it's pulling you down and people get so turned off between two and six.
It's hard to turn back on in the morning.
You think the hopper is turning people off, sir?
That was funny.
Huh?
Yeah, what's the call to guy?
The hammer?
The hopper, yeah.
Is he turning you off?
They should put him on ESPN too for good and then nobody to ever see him.
But what's your complaint with his show?
Well, he's too narrow.
He's too, he's too narrow minded.
Like about what?
I think Hank is broad-minded if he asked me.
Well, that's right.
White broad-minded.
The only thing this narrow-minded is not a strip-combin' America that Hank hasn't been doing more power to him.
He's got the big bucks he can spread it around.
Reason I call it, I wanted to ask you a quick question.
I think it's an answer Dan you talk about all the time, that's right.
I just got a thing on the internet.
I subscribe to these weekend travel things and you guys there had a special this weekend $569.
I always follow a lot of drugs back with me when I come back from Amsterdam by the way.
I just thought I'd mention that.
Is it worth going over four days?
Four days?
Oh yeah, four days is perfect.
You'd have the time of your life.
Okay, well I take your word for it.
I don't take my word for it.
Go and trust me and walk out there and look around and you'll say, oh my god, this is what life is really all about.
I'm telling you.
You got a good show.
I can't believe it would be you pulling down the race.
Oh, we're in the toilet man.
We took a drop here, a dive.
You would even Greg Lucenas never took a dive like this.
When you're standing between the other two, the first is a big point.
I think it's that crappy morning show and that fat guy in the afternoon, I think they're the problem.
Well, the morning show is not too bad.
That afternoon, it's a big deal.
Gelly is my mentor.
Don't you understand that he's my savior?
Gelly is the one that taught me not to care about crap.
Not to care about this place.
Have a good day.
Have a good time in Amsterdam.
And take protection.
56670560.560 on the mobile one line.
Always use protection.
Now you kids out there.
That's a good piece of advice because you never know who she might be hanging around with in her spirit time.
56670560.560 on the mobile one line.
Here's the mobile and Tamarack.
Hello.
Sorry if I'm chronic, but I got a good, why won't I have a problem?
Go right ahead, we want to hear it.
We want to hear it all today.
We're dead here.
My daughter's 20 years old.
They announced that they're giving away tickets to the chili peppers from Memorial.
George wants to come tonight.
The way George wants your daughter's number just to go ahead.
She's 20. She's cute.
Yeah.
Well, proud parent.
No, no, wait a minute.
You want me to say on the year that you also want her number?
Because if your girlfriend is listening right now, I don't want to mention who I'm talking to in the other room.
Which everybody knows.
Go ahead, sir.
I'm sorry.
You can eat the night.
I'll guarantee you that.
You have a way of distracting people.
Yeah, that's the idea.
They make note display.
I'm a free ticket.
Be the 10th caller.
My daughter's hysterical.
She's got her cell phone and the home on your eyes.
She makes the call.
You have a winner.
Then they ask her how old she is.
20 years old.
You'll be 21 November.
They'll say they get back to her.
Then they announce the next time there's still no winner.
And you must be over 21.
Right.
Originally, they were insane that my daughter is finding out a lesson of life.
It's very easy to get ripped off.
I said to her, you're using your scam operation to me.
If I ever heard one over there, a Y100.
So now they've said, you can't do the old one in the long game.
They're going to give her free tickets to a movie theater.
It's been about a week now.
She's still waiting for the return phone call.
I'm hoping I can listen to that station anymore.
Good lesson for all you people out there.
Don't listen to Y100.
They'll scam you.
One last thing.
I think let's have to mention this to you a few weeks ago.
I have facts to you that article that was in a local paper about the glory holes in Margate.
Yes.
And I run into people who pick on your show, especially you, that Europe scene, you're this, you're that.
I asked my 20-year-old daughter, I shouldn't say how old my wife is.
But the bottom line is, the two of them are so naive.
And this is for all parents out there.
My father used to let me go to the bathroom in the 50s.
All right.
I'm 10 years old in 1960.
Your father lets you go to the bathroom when you were in your 50s?
No, it's in the 50s.
Yeah.
But I'm thinking of how naive it was.
There were perverts back then.
You didn't know what a glory hole was.
Right.
Because it wasn't allowed to be talked about.
Right.
Now here I am.
I'm doing a tremendous public service.
That's right.
Exactly.
And I know a boyfriend's 23.
He's not sure what a glory hole is.
And if this is for all parents, when you let your little kids go to the bathroom, go in there with them.
Right.
Don't feel stupid.
That's right.
And if you hear that sound of a pneumatic drill between the stalls, run out and call a cops right away.
You did a pubic service and I want to thank you.
And God bless you, sir.
Take care.
And Y100 blows.
How do you like that?
Y100 sucks.
Let's all say it together.
Y100 sucks.
Bunch of lions, bastards, okay?
Change the rules in the middle of the game.
Oh, well, you have to be 81 to win this contest.
But thanks for listening to Y100.
God, almighty.
I don't want to start it on the Captain Y guy.
You know what I'm talking about?
Because he gets a...
Why?
Psychotic about it.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
And we've been asking for years that...
Why?
Would anybody in their right mind listen to the piece of craft station anyway?
You don't listen to that crap, do you?
No, thank God.
JP would never listen to that.
He's busy anyway.
5670560, pound 560 on the mobile one line, 20 before 11 at QAM.
We're going to get to the bottom of this problem, okay?
We've got a problem here.
It's about time Greg Reed gets off his big pimply ass and starts waking up and sniffing the coffee around here.
He's living on borrow time this guy.
He fell into a bucket of crap and he thinks that because he's coated with it from head to toe,
then it's going to last forever.
Wrong.
You got real major problems here, buddy.
And we're going to find out today exactly what they are.
Now, what do we find out so far?
We had 72 people set a tank's fault.
Well, he's not on today, so we can't respond.
So, are you fudge back in?
Free drugs.
Tonight I have free drugs.
Tool, tool, hard to take.
It's tool, tool, hard to take.
But the longest tool, the highest tool, the smallest tool of my fellow Americans,
I stand before you deny it.
Part of growing, part of expanding, part of rising.
I reach out my tool to all of you, a rock solid part of, part of free drugs.
Tonight I have free drugs.
Tool, tool, hard to take.
Tool, tool, hard to take it.
And ask that we join together in saying to the American people, take it.
Okay, here's, wow, look at this.
A whole bunch of bizarre facts.
Here's one that actually makes a little bit of sense from Jim and Sunrise, who says,
WQAM's low ratings can be summarized as follows.
A, the morning show, host and collars, both of them, get a life, fish.
Take only dolphins football year round and worship any pedophile or drug dealer,
as long as he can help the dolphins.
There you go, exactly.
Those people say those sport holes, okay, B, hand comes across as an insecure know-it-all,
who will rudely cut you off and insult you if you dare to disagree with him.
You know what I'm saying?
Hey, stupid.
See, Kaplan, unless you were a dropout from gamblers anonymous who cares,
and D. Marlon does anybody care?
No.
Wow.
It says you and Mandage are the only two are not only telling it like it is,
but who treat collars with courtesy.
Always treat my collars courtesy.
Do I treat?
No.
I treat them like they deserve to be treated, you know?
Like a bunch of lemmings.
I still listen to you, but give my sports news from WIOD.
What does that tell you, says Jim and Sunrise.
Wow.
That tells me we got a serious problem here on your sports station.
That by the way, doesn't have the balls to stop saying all sports radio,
because we're not all sports radio.
Do I take that personally?
No.
Do I care?
No.
Do I give a flying craft?
No.
Of course not.
Because I've learned thanks to Geldy that the, who gives a craft?
We get paid one way or the other regardless, so who cares?
But I's going, Jim and Sunrise, I think you got a few excellent points.
Here's a mobile-invoting V.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
This is when you're rating problems.
Yes.
The problem is, I'm 23 years old.
I listen to you every day.
I'm a year-long resident.
I drive every day.
You make my day go by side.
God bless you, sir.
Thank God for you.
If you only had 10 million guys like you out there, we'd be in good shape.
But another thing.
The sports holds in the morning, and as soon as I tune in,
when you come on, and I tune out, the minute you go off,
I can't listen to that annoying, grating Geldy.
I don't know who he blew to get his job.
Yeah.
There's voice.
I could tell you, but that would be a bad taste.
But Neil, God bless you, sir, for sending us all straight and having a good one.
Okay, thank you, sir.
How do you like that?
There's a guy who is a lawyer listening around this show.
Of course, he'd expected that people are going to call this show.
I bet there's a lot of people who aren't listening right now going to call anyway.
Maybe every other day.
Or at least it sounds like they're not listening.
She took the bullet for Christ.
Don't forget it, okay?
Just keep that in mind.
Every moment of your life, just like the people on the front page in the sunset
this morning on the plane, it was there was panic, craziness, flames, people were screaming, people were flaming.
God, please save us, they said.
Did he save them all?
No.
No, but he did not do that of a job.
At least he's making a little bit of progress this time.
Only nine people died.
Not bad, God.
Not bad.
First starters, okay?
You screwed up a little bit this time.
At least we didn't have 145 bodies to scrape up.
Nice going, God.
Just like there was only 15 dead people out there in Littlein' Colorado.
Two of them were the shooters in the first place.
So that's only 13, which is a very unlucky number for them.
But nevertheless,
oh, and these people, you know,
what do we have?
200 calls yesterday.
Oh, well, what would you say if they should do believe it, God?
Well, what the hell difference does it make?
Because that was going to be going through your mind is like, you know, like it's a multiple choice.
Somebody's got a guy named Gun to your head.
Oh, yeah, well, let me see.
Let me analyze this and see what answer they're looking for, you know?
What would be the property appropriate answer to make sure they don't blow my brains out?
Here is a hi, Alia.
Hello.
Hello, Alia.
Yes, sir.
Listen, I will pay to listen to my dog every day from 2006.
Yes.
I can't stand a Hank, man.
Really?
Oh, my God.
Or so far, Hank seems to be the trigger in the wood pile here.
And the gold in the wood.
Or if he's out of town and he can't hear the shoulder, they.
So let's go ahead.
Record it for him and send him a tape.
Everything gold in the morning, I can't stand him either.
Yeah.
Okay.
You, you got it.
Okay, thank you, sir.
God bless you.
There you go.
See, they love me, but they're not too happy with that.
That's when the afternoon is what to deal with.
Okay, maybe if he'd come on the air once in a while at two o'clock, instead of being too important for us.
I thought he worked here at this station.
Does he work here?
No.
Whatever he feels like it.
And now that Cory is going to be gone, who's going to fill the breach in there every afternoon at two o'clock?
Who's going to fill all that dead air that we have every day?
I mean, I don't want to let the cat out of the bag about how we have our own personal office pool in this show on our staff,
which is me and George the two of us every day at two o'clock, all over our several other people that have come in lately in the bottom participate.
Yeah, we take up a little office pool throwing about a hundred bucks a pop.
And, you know, the odds are how many seconds is it going to be?
How many seconds of that air before finally we hear that voice just, you know, hey, stop it.
Yeah.
Yeah, there you go.
Oh, that music just goes in like yesterday.
I get in the car and I'm listening to the music went on forever.
It just never stopped.
Was the yesterday or the day before?
It was those Tuesdays.
It played a whole song and all of a sudden Cory comes on.
Oh, we lost the ISD in again for a change and Hank is over there like eating four or five extra meals and trying to get the phone back up again up in New York somewhere.
Man, it's a miracle that we can get anybody to listen to this crap.
You know what that's what I would say.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Yeah, we listen, we got to get them on their toes.
Like I said, they're complacent.
They're getting fat and lazy.
There's nothing worse.
Just ask me.
I'll tell you.
I know about it.
About both of them.
Fat and lazy.
I'm the expert on both.
Fat and lazy.
Like they said yesterday, I need to get off my ass and start working it out.
You know what I'm talking about?
You need to start like really moving it.
So anyway, do you hear about the identical twins and how you tell the difference?
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, good morning.
I don't want to rip Hank.
I like Hank but the collar's a little bit.
I'm going to rip this off.
Don't be namby-pamby.
You just play it right out there.
You want to rip him a fat ass.
You go right ahead.
I don't want to put words in your mouth.
Go ahead.
I like Hank.
I like his monologue.
As soon as the collar starts saying, what's the over and the under and the under and the under.
It's those gamblers, those chronic gamblers that have turned the audience off on his station.
I'll take you over to music.
Right.
And I listen to the Rick and Suts in the morning.
Right.
God bless them.
And if I don't feel like listening to Rick and Suts, I'll pull up Bob and Tom on the internet.
And I'm going to be going to Disney this week.
Should I have to bring my own drill?
Yeah.
Bring your own pneumatic drill.
And by the way, don't forget every day is gay day.
It did me.
Well, they already know that.
Yeah, all those people are going to all upset about that.
Well, that's right.
You better ask and see if some people are going to Orlando this weekend.
567-0560-0.560.
It's gay day at Disney this weekend.
What's the matter with you?
Living in a cocoon somewhere?
You're supposed to know these things to make sure you stay away.
Every day is gay day at Disney.
Are there any straight people working up there at all?
No.
But if they had this one, why do they do that?
Well, what's the point?
Is it just to piss off the Baptist?
Uh-huh.
I think that's why they're doing it.
I thought every day it was gay day.
That's why.
Didn't I just say that's why?
Yeah, that's why I just said like six times,
why do you were doing it there?
Ordering lunch.
And thank you for taking care of the important part of the show.
That's what we come in here for every day.
It's a big fat paycheck, free lunch.
You know, aggravate the hell out of a lot of as many people as we can.
And what's wrong with that and getting paid for it?
Huh?
So I lost my S in Vegas.
It doesn't make any difference.
I just got a tax refund from the government for a dollar, a lot of money.
What do I care about losing a few grand in Vegas?
A couple.
Huh?
What are you laughing about?
It's the truth.
I'll tell you right now, okay?
I don't or nearly don't tell you this.
I lost 2700 bucks in Vegas.
I lost $90 a dollar a day at the last night.
I feel worse about the $90 I lost at the Poppito Park last night than the twilight.
My mother just passed out too bad.
Oh yeah.
Oh, I knew you lost a bundle.
Mine your own business, okay?
Do you like to check for Mother's Day sweetheart?
Good and shut up.
Doesn't phase me in the least.
Easy, come, easy, go.
If you're going to go out there, you've got to have a good time.
I had a great time.
You know, my only sorrow is that I went by so fast.
I didn't have a couple more days to make all that money back or lose another couple grand.
What difference does it make?
I'm not a big gambler.
But when you go to Vegas, you've got to take a few bucks out there with you.
You can't go out there like a schlepper like some people I know.
Like you have a great time.
You've got to have a great time.
That's right.
All the free meals you were getting.
Right.
And free shows and free this and running around seeing everything great in the end.
That's why we have a great time because there's a lot of stuff that's free.
And we like free.
We don't care if it's crap, if it's Dreck, if it's free, we like it.
That's the state motto in Florida.
What is it?
He said Dreck.
Oh, I thought he said it was for free.
Damn it.
5670560.560 on the mobile one line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yes sir, speaking.
I have a few comments and requests.
First of all, you also make my day go back quicker because I work better.
Did you say day go?
My day.
Don't get your castel off.
Go ahead sir.
Go back quicker because I work with a bunch of gay Cubans that this wood shaving factor is.
Is there any other kind?
Well no.
Anyway, I don't listen to the hangover circus.
He is so effing boring.
If you always talk and do his updates, he's coming to us.
And so my comment is an arrow crash.
Can you say a word to Barney?
Barney takes a crap?
Yes.
Okay.
I have a great day.
Barney takes a watch.
Here's a fact that just look at some of these.
Some of you people out there really, thank God, we get you off the streets and keep you occupied.
If you see the amount of work and the artwork and all the stuff that goes through and putting these factions together.
Unbelievable creativity that we only wish we had here at WQA.
And so we might come make a comeback.
Because I predict that the May trend is also going to be very weak.
I think our spring book is going to be in the summer book.
See, I don't understand one thing.
I know I've said this every year.
I said the same thing.
I can't make it change, but I don't understand it.
Unless, of course, during the summertime, anybody young with a brain gets out of here.
That must be what's going on.
Because many years ago, during the summer months, even when I worked at those Jerry Actor's stations, like WS News years ago,
and I and Z, during the summertime, we have some young people listening who ordinarily couldn't listen during,
you know, I'm talking about when they were going to school.
Does that happen anymore?
No.
No.
Like, in that last in the summer book, we had a few teenagers, you know, a couple over here, a couple over there who admit they listened to this show.
Other than that, nothing.
Because they're all gone.
Anybody with a brain gets out of here during the summertime.
Anybody that can afford to get out of here is long gone.
Especially anybody under the age of 100 who, like, values having a good time with their spare time,
as opposed to sitting around here and twiddling their thumbs.
And wondering what to do next, except go down to the news cafe and see if somebody's going to get shot to this.
You know what I'm talking about?
I hate to break the news to you, and we came up to the news cafe is past say.
It's all, it's burned out.
Speaking of old and burned out, I see Duff just came in again.
Who in a, by the way, admits he did have to give back to $200.
Who's this gentleman with a suit on?
Oh, there's our new general manager.
All right, let's hear it.
One bad rating.
But one bad month that we got a new GM just came in with a much better suit than Greg Reed, too, by the way.
Oh, thank God.
Now we got a chance.
Now that we've been emancipated, we got a guy that might lead us out of the wilderness into the real world there.
Whoever he is.
We don't know who he is yet, but we like him.
Four minutes before 11 at 560 WQM, are you sure?
Who's the lady of us with me?
Who?
Who's the lady of us with me?
I hate to break the news.
Who's the lady of us with me?
I hate to break the news.
I hate to break the news.
All right, now everybody gather around a Gandhi month here.
What kind of process do you want?
It's in, it's all been in, you can get one this month, because it's non-violent to come to the right month because
I'm the Gandhi month.
The book that organized a boy's heart.
Oh, the master boy, come on.
30 hours of cheating.
We got the SD.
We got the brain just for both of us praying for a week.
The Gandhi month.
The Gandhi month.
Oh, the Gandhi month.
The Gandhi month.
The Gandhi month, and we've already mixed this with love.
The Gandhi month.
Fry that class and we can go on a Gandhi month to see a Gandhi month.
ah!
The Gandhi month.
That is a really cool girl today.
At least it's good friends a sponge a new haircut.
The gun, the one-content, that he represents Marvel's interesting and Asian, are the other
religious perquations, but a very few occasions.
Yes, the gun demand and the gun mixes it with the one that makes us do some love dance.
Oh, the gun demand.
Oh, I'm the orphan thing of passive resistance.
You better not do what I say.
All right, where?
I will start myself.
All right.
1202 at 560 WQM, by the way, speaking of...
All right.
...Germanic will be in for Hank today because Hank's busy up there.
You know, with the Belmont stuff, doing stuff for ABC.
That's a lot more important than us, so a mandatory beyond today.
Yes!
Good news.
Here's somebody that's back to me from today's West Palm Beach Post.
It says, a 79-year-old former bridge tender.
Are you listening to this?
A 79-year-old former bridge tender.
Yeah.
With the history of molesting boys must spend five and a half years in prison for violating his probation
a judge ruled Tuesday.
Wait till you hear his name, by the way.
Ralph Hawker of West Palm Beach.
Wait till they...
Chicken.
Ralph Hawker of West Palm Beach was placed on 10-years probation in 1998 for Lou the Salf.
In 1997, two more boys said they'd been assaulted by Hawker over the years.
Hawker admitted he was with them, itself a violation of his probation, but denied molesting them.
Additional criminal charges against Hawker were dropped last year after the two accusers would not testify.
Have you liked that, a bridge tender?
Yeah.
Okay, 5-6-705-60, 0.5-60.
We get a lot of interesting facts.
Here's what's wrong with this.
Here's somebody radio guy wants to know about the ratings from magic.
Also, are the ratings available for the Sunday night DO-OP shop?
No.
No, they're not, because we don't have that.
We don't have it.
I mean, you can't do that until the whole book comes out.
You should know that if you're a radio guy, but they probably like around here.
Don't show you the numbers.
I'm still in shock.
I'm amazed.
I'm walking out here in the hall this morning.
Nobody actually even knows that the numbers are out.
The trend.
It's only a trend, but even so.
Here's guys who make a living doing this.
Did anybody bother telling them?
No.
Because the numbers suck.
No.
Okay, magic.
Let's find something.
2554 persons.
Big right there on top.
Howard with a gigantic.
Howard's out of control.
Okay.
That knows his growing by the second.
The hair is all the way down to his...
Correct him.
It's unbelievable.
Out of control.
Okay, is magic on the first page?
No.
Other around the bottom.
Look at that.
They did good.
They done good.
2554 from a 3.5 to a 3.9.
That's overall.
Let's see.
Another question is, would you charge...
If you were in charge to work to get higher ratings on an oldies station, it seems impossible
given the program format and a small group of demographics to pull higher raw ratings, playing oldies, rock and roll.
In other words, how do you fire a program director in oldies stations if he gets crappy ratings?
What could he possibly do?
Sounds to me like somebody efficient amount of an answer.
And I would say maybe get an honest job.
It would be a good answer.
I suppose it would be a PD on an oldies station.
Although maybe he would like to play good music, my PD answer.
Oh, what a concept, huh?
Like some of the oldies stations I hear in other markets.
Not in this market.
But like some of the oldies station they are in other markets.
Instead of playing like maybe only too deep in every group, you know.
Like maybe they didn't play in stuff that we haven't heard like over and over again.
50 billion fricking times.
You know what I'm talking about?
I think you do.
Maybe check out some of the real good oldies stations around the country.
And play some good music that we want to hear.
Instead of the same, tired old crap over and over and over again.
They're just, I mean just a thought for you.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T line.
Hank is taking a pummeling today and what can I tell you?
Here's Perrine.
Hello.
You go.
Yes, sir.
One reason.
Roy.
William, I'm gonna ping it a little bit.
26 minutes and 44 seconds.
I just, I wanted to keep it on her so I could take a look and see.
26 minutes and 44 seconds.
This guy was doing the Mamala Pinger routine on the phone there.
How do you like that?
27 minutes.
He may have just set a record for futility.
That was great.
That was fantastic.
He said the problem was,
Roy.
I think he may have a point.
Here's one that says,
I believe WQM's ratings are higher during the fall and winter months
because the football and backs at ball seasons.
I strongly believe that despite South Florida's large Hispanic population,
pro baseball is the least popular sport in this town.
Thus the poor spring and summer ratings.
Well, how about the other stations I was on?
Seattle, do ball games.
Thank you Chuck.
There's somebody Chuck from the sub shop over across the street in the quarter of 441
and Ives Dairy Road.
Who continues bringing us fantastic lunches day after day after day.
It says,
furthermore, the reason that power 96 ratings are higher among 18 plus listeners
is because the station realizes teenagers are in school
and can't listen mornings and afternoons.
However adults are more likely to listen to either during work a while on the road.
Therefore, power 96 is playing more 80s retro and freestyle dance tunes.
Two types of music widely popular among young adults.
In the evenings, the station plays primarily hip hop and top 40 tracks
like the Backstreet Boys and Cher when the teens are home from school.
From Mike.
Thank you Mike, whatever you just said, okay?
560-50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless LAN,
your chance to a critique WQA and what do you hate?
What's killing us?
What's destroying these numbers besides our bogus management and no promotion?
That's what I think might be a little bit of it.
The fact that our cube never grows because we don't tell anybody about this guy at the station.
And of course we got a promotions director in there that's too busy running around playing grab ads with himself
and talking on his cell phone in the hallway to be worried about doing any real promotions.
Nice bumper stickers, Sam.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir.
My question is, how can you look and critique Hank when I can't hear him
because all the commercials and spots, updates, and traffic?
Uh-huh.
So in other words, you think the format sucks.
Basically.
Well, how come we just finished off the top?
We just had the highest rating book in the history of this radio station,
January, February and March.
What happened between March and April, sir?
Tired of the spots.
Huh?
They finally got tired. You can finally get worn out.
Yeah, too late.
If it came in between segments is your home, your way, your if you're whatever you're going to done for.
Right. Okay.
Thank you, sir.
No more spots.
No spots radio.
We got to go from all spots radio.
Of course, if the numbers keep up like this, we just might do that.
Go to no spots radio.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
I'm not going to overreact and one crappy trend here.
Okay?
But it's your kills four hours real good.
As opposed to sitting here and trying to get some intelligence in response to like she took a bullet for Christ.
I know you don't want to talk about that because it's too embarrassing.
You're too embarrassed to try to defend that kind of an idiotic maniacal.
I mean, what kind of an attitude about that life is that in general?
Let me say it one more time without getting too serious today because I'm in a real good mood.
I don't want to get real serious, but let me just say it one more time real carefully.
There is no respect for human life in this country.
That's why people can say all these idiotic things.
Any crazy cockamami.
Oh, she gave her life for Jesus.
All of these things.
Yeah, that's right.
All of these crazy things is opposed to saying, oh my God, what a tragedy here.
A beautiful young girl, even an ugly young girl in the prime of her life.
Just got blown away and is dead in a door nail in a box somewhere because we got crazy people running around with guns.
No, no, that's too difficult to say.
It's a lot easier to make a martyr out of her, which I'm sure she wouldn't want it in the first place.
And then to say, oh, she took a bullet for Jesus.
Here, here's one from Virgin Mary.
Here's one for Joseph.
Let's not leave him out.
He never gets any credit.
Oh, what the hell did he do besides found a crappy hotel?
Couldn't even find a goddamn hotel.
What is that to you?
And let me ask you this.
How many hotels did they have back in those days?
Have you ever thought about that?
Or they had to be in that manger or whatever it was all about?
How many hotels do you think they had back in the days of Joseph and Mary?
Did they have a holiday in?
No.
Right, isn't it?
No.
Maryott?
No.
Some of the old European hotels, they were probably still around then.
Oh, yeah.
You had to see some of those places.
Even Matthews will be embarrassed.
Ten minutes after 11 at 560 WQA, Emma.
StarGradio 560 WQA Amman is about to present four hours of excitement, action and fun.
610 AM Monday through Friday.
We're proud to present the Iliana Rosanna-Dana Ross-Lateman Show.
Oh, along with her runny Zaney-Tidekicks, Georgi Jettel and Quad-Tepfer.
610 AM only on 560 WQA Am.
And we are ECCILM.
It's the rectum sign.
I'm gonna pick up my shoes.
Drift off my dress.
It makes me wet when I see you, Jack.
A big irrescent.
That's too big for my mouth.
I want it mercenary and a cup of juice.
And take it up my lucrative shoes.
Give me an irrescent.
Okay.
And mail to the wall.
We are ECCILM.
I want a drink, Marvel.
I want your love and quality.
I'm even too dirty.
And then I'll give it a blow.
Give the morning a kiss.
And big asses.
At least until you take up to this.
I want a wrap on this around your clothing tube.
And make your wonderworm explode with glue.
That's a mirror.
Yes.
And it's on circle side.
And you got a cup of E-R-E-C-D-I-O-H-S.
I want a drink, Marvel.
E-R-E-D-D-I-O-H-S.
Okay, so on 15 at 560 WQA Am we're looking for a scapegoat for the reason for the precipitous decline of this radio station from the month of March to April.
Just all of a sudden, January, February, March, and we were gigantic.
We were almost contended.
And then April, we...
Absolutely correct.
Okay, gigantic dump.
And we're trying to figure out what it is that these people are pissed off about.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Neil?
Yes, sir.
Oh, I'm sorry.
You were saying that...
Sorry.
Oh, no, no.
You were saying that why the drop and the thing...
I don't know about the other times because I don't listen to...
I'll just listen from 10 to 2.
Well, let's start finding out what the problem is here.
Okay, between 10 and 2.
Let's worry about ourselves.
Well, the only time...
I'm a big listener from way back away.
Gigantic drop in this trend.
I just...
I'll be honest.
I switch the station when you talk about hockey.
But I don't talk about hockey.
Well, you do.
I do?
Well, you bring it up in sports.
I'm not a sports player.
But how much...
George is not agreeing with you because he hates all sports.
You know what?
I talk about hockey.
I've cut that data like maybe one tenth of one percent of like...
I'm not saying you do it all the time.
I listen to you every day.
But I do.
And when you start talking about hockey and the games and the parents and all that.
I do.
Pansers?
Well, they still play in...
Well, whatever.
Another thing.
When you talk about that thing about taking a bullet for Christ...
Yeah.
Yeah.
The first day I heard that, I felt like a lot of those Christians were getting almost like sexual excitement just by saying that.
Squared, squirt, they were.
They were.
It was amazing.
They were having an orgasm for Christ.
It was incredible.
Remember that, oh God, that's good.
You were another spiritual person.
Yeah.
And I saw them at the young people like not, these people crazy.
But I could have heard their brainwash, I guess.
She took the bullet for Christ and then these people are calling me and bitching me out because I find it perverse and bizarre and unacceptable.
And I don't understand it.
I don't get it.
What kind of an SNM religion of these people invented?
Something sick and disgusting and crazy?
Yes.
Okay.
Another two things.
I just call once every three or four years.
Oh, hey, we're the way, sir.
Okay.
The cake is very valuable.
Okay.
And like that.
Three weeks ago, four weeks ago, you were talking about Ricky Martin.
Some article they did about his girlfriend or whatever.
Yeah.
About his beard.
Well, that's exactly what I'm calling it.
About time for Ricky to shave, I think, don't you?
Yeah, Rebecca the Alba.
When they were saying that it's girlfriend.
Rebecca the Alba, see?
Yeah.
Well, she's also the beard for Miguel Bolsa in Spain.
Right.
You know what Miguel Bolsa is?
No.
Okay.
He's a famous Spanish singer.
And so she's kind of like, uh, over there, she's, over there, she's supposed to be his girlfriend.
She's like Brooks Shields.
She's kind of the beard for everybody.
Exactly.
Okay.
And the last thing, I'm a, I'm an ethical twin.
And you are?
Yes.
Oh my god.
And, and my brother, my brother's a little bit bigger.
Well, his penis is bigger?
Yeah.
Right.
It's not crooked though.
No, no.
It's not like off the one side.
No, no, it's bigger and a little thicker and it has a vein going through it.
So it's not identical.
No, no, wait a minute.
Your brother's penis has a vein going out and yours doesn't?
Well, it has a vein.
Your penis has no vein going out.
Oh, but his has a protruding one.
Oh my god.
Has a protruding one.
Where's Carly Simon when we need to sing?
Okay.
God bless you, sir.
Bye, bye.
And have a great day.
There is a guy with no vein in his penis.
Oh, wow.
You think you've got problems, huh?
Do we have Carly Simon in your soul?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60.
So you see there you go.
I told you, if you want to tell identical twins apart, if they want to play these little games with you and start, you know, pretending to be the other one, all you got to do is check where really counts anyway.
That's right.
They're not the same.
In fact, I would say on a random sample of the 85 or 200,000 that I've seen around the world, no two penises are exactly alike.
That's what I would say.
You know how like no two faces are exactly alike?
We really have a honey like that.
All right.
What was it?
Thank you.
I hate her about it.
She's a real pain in the ass.
She's going to go pretty now.
Yeah, but she's not Jewish.
Oh, she is Jewish.
Isn't she?
I guess.
Simon?
She's a daughter like now, which is it?
William Simon?
Something the Simon maybe simple Simon somebody will call and tell us.
Oh, good.
Excellent.
Nice go.
Hit the post.
Okay.
George just hit the post his post and don't even have a vein in it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 5, 60.
This thing with identical twins.
Oh, you know, and I blew it so to speak.
I never even asked this guy if he ever, well, he wouldn't have invented to it anyway.
I'm telling you, identical twins diddle each other.
I don't care what anybody says.
Identical twin.
I don't know why.
Don't ask me why.
Since they're genetically identical.
Yes.
Isn't it just masturbating?
Yeah.
Right.
Yeah, but do you ever masturbate with your mouth?
The only guy ever saw do that was Ron Jeremy.
And that was a long time ago in one of those movies, you know?
Okay.
Where are we going?
Let's go to a mobile in Davie.
Hello.
Mobile in Davie.
Hey Neil, I'm not mobile.
I'm not a baby.
Here's a collar in Davie.
Yes sir.
Well, half way.
That's not bad.
I have a theory that's probably not all that.
That's okay.
But just as valid as all of a sudden.
Okay.
It has to do with me though.
But I don't know how many other people.
I know that, I mean, I've been listening to you since 1984.
Oh my God.
And 15 years, Jesus Christ.
Exactly.
My good old.
Exactly.
And one thing I've noticed, like the people that I talk to who listen to you, they're either
sort of like, you know, pseudo intellectuals or intellectuals or, you know, like just, you know,
basic knuckleheads that, you know, that did the other goofballs.
Intellectuals, pseudo intellectuals and knuckleheads.
I think that describes our audience very well.
So I think that maybe some intellectuals and pseudo intellectuals are listening to that new public radio talk format.
Public radio talk format?
Yeah.
And WLRN and FM.
No.
They have talked format during the day now.
Yeah, with whom?
There's a Diane Reen show, which is a Diane Reen.
Yeah, she's like a really old, sounding woman with sort of a voice problem.
And she talks like this.
Oh my God.
Yeah.
And she's out of Blaschington DC, but she gets a lot of like a talking heads on her show.
Like Daniel Shower.
Oh yeah.
Stuff like that.
Yeah, our audience is really into Daniel Shower.
Well, I think, yeah, I think Daniel Shower is actually on their own make it on the show.
I think that there are a fair number of people that get to know Daniel Shower from Diner Shower.
Well, what else are they going to listen to?
I'll tell you this.
I've been listening to you for a long time.
And, you know, when I'm not listening to you, I don't listen to music.
I just listen to the news.
Right.
You.
And that's it.
So, I mean, and I think that now that there's more news to listen to, you know, it's just sort of, I bounce around more.
I mean, I probably listen to you an hour less than Dave and I.
Oh my, do you're listening an hour less than Dave and you used to be listening and you've been listening for 15 years?
Oh my God.
Right in the middle of my lunch.
Like a spirit through my heart.
I know, but it's only, yeah, I know.
When I live in New York for a little while, they have a lot of sort of serious stuff on the radio.
Plus, they've got WBA, which is a great leftist radio.
Right.
And down here, they don't have anything like that.
And so, you know, except for you, you know, you're kind of, you know, you're sort of an anti-establishment.
Right.
Pretty good.
But, you know, nobody, so basically I listen to you for entertainment purposes and, you know, and I've got to try to get my intellectual stimulation where I can't write that.
I think we have to do a lot less hockey talk on this show.
I think that's the key.
I don't mind the hockey.
I don't mind much of a hockey.
I think I'm just discovered at this morning how too much God damn hockey talk.
Look what those hockey shows with rumor used to do to me.
Yeah, but the interesting part of that is January, February and March, right in the heart of the hockey season, when it was going on, then we had the highest numbers in this remand kind.
Then everybody liked hockey.
But then I guess they got pissed off at when the Panthers missed the playoffs again.
I don't think they did my one.
I really don't think it's a hockey, because I think people like me that I'm not really into hockey myself, but I do kind of enjoy you getting all worked up by it.
Exactly.
Well, there are a few things I get all worked up about.
Yeah, there's a lot of things I've not that crazy about, but I like it when you get worked up about it.
Okay.
Okay.
Have a great day.
See you on National Public Radio, sir.
Thanks.
You've killed me.
That guy wounded me.
He's a good guy, but he just stuck a dagger right through my...
Correct him.
Oh, man.
I'm going to have oozing bloody stools just like...
Roll!
I'm going to watch it.
By the way, give him another beer.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60.
The AT&T wireless line.
Now I can handle it.
I mean, if you think they show sucks, go right ahead, because I know your listening, see?
So like I've always told you, make it totally flexion on me.
Plus, I know the show is great.
I hear with the other stuff that's on here in this town.
I wouldn't let my dogs listen to most of what's on here in this market.
I can go to public and be in a better market than this as far as radio is concerned.
This is a garbage market.
This is sewage.
Your radio is like a toilet.
It shouldn't have a flush lever on it in this town.
They should make a law that air-be radio they sell, even once in your car,
have like a little flush lever.
The flush stuff...out of it.
Here's Coral Springs.
Hello?
We should call the commatrian.
Okay, thank you very much.
Press two if you're an asshole, okay?
560, 7, 0560.
0560 on the AT&T.
I'm telling you, you know, food used to do those things with lay on the floor
and press two with your toe and all that.
He's right on target.
He is right on.
You know, every time I call anybody now.
We have a new menu now.
Our menu has changed.
And then there's another one where I call this one hotel.
I stay all the time.
Welcome to the, you know, sew until hotel.
That same kind of funny voice that I'm telling you is to do only this guy serious.
If you're an asshole, press one, you know.
God.
I must be an asshole to be calling it because I know exactly what I'm going to hear on the other end of the year line.
Oh, I got some very bad news, by the way.
Very bad news.
Horrendous news.
I go home yesterday.
There's a message on my answering machine from my close personal friend, my banker,
Matt Korshaw from what used to be first there.
What was it in the beginning family, family bank when they were sponsors before that bitch of the agency who hates me like poison pull their spots off, which is okay because they still treated me great.
And then they became Republican security bank.
Guess what's to going on and you know, I've noticed the last couple days I drive by there all the time and his car hasn't been there.
He's leaving and he's going to be starting some other banks somewhere where we're telling them where he is.
He's leaving.
This is the guy that treated me, gave me the friendly personal service I used to talk about in the spot and I used to put my tax thing in there and make the tax payment for me, please and do this.
You know, just leave an envelope with his name on it.
I know everything would be taken care of.
Now I'm like naked, which is an ugly thought.
I'm the stark naked with my money.
And when a guy like me who can afford to lose $2700 in Vegas has got all that money that they're dealing with at the bank, I can't afford to be dealing with strangers.
You know what I'm saying?
Because I have vision to sugar puns and I've noticed a changing of the guard.
There's one lady that works there that's been there from the beginning, but other than that, it's all different people, which reminds me of that other bank.
I don't want to mention her name on the air anymore.
Do I have all those problems with?
Every time you'd go there, there was like a whole different crowd, like a revolving, like our sales department, like a revolving door, like a dreidel spinning and spinning and spinning and never see the same face two or three times.
That's bad news.
You tore my guts out, man. I wish you the best of luck. You're a great guy who happens to look good too, by the way.
You do know about Mac, don't you?
You have a wife, you know?
Any of the losing is here, but he's still a great guy and treated me great.
Thank you, Matt and God bless you. Good luck wherever you go and I'm real nervous about that goddamn bank.
27 after 11 at 560 WQM, if your culture department scientists say they have made a major stride toward developing an allergy free rubber.
The following is a paid public service announcement from the International Riteful Association.
Let's face. Most of us will never be rich. Hell, we probably won't even be successful and that's pretty damn depressed.
But as usual, with every problem, there is a solution.
Hi, I'm Jim and I'm here to tell you a little something about handguns.
They scare the s**t out of people with intimidate dominant giving you whatever you want.
That's right, handguns. Think about it.
Need some cash? Probably bank. Don't have enough money for beer? All the convenience.
Take some chips and pretzels while you're at it. It's all free if you've got a handguns.
Some son of a bitch cheating on your girlfriend? Kill him.
The simple solution of life's complex problems. All I have to do is wait the five days for it and happiness is just around the corner.
Hell, if you don't want to wait the five days, who cares? Find a damn thing on the street. Just buy a lot of handguns.
It's a great alternative to working problems out if you'd be considered a population control.
Yes, handguns. They just fight and make your fans.
Level 32 of 560 WQM. So Carly Simon's father is the Simon from Simon and Schuster publishing and is not Jewish.
Thank God. Maybe that's why she doesn't give good head. 5607 0560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's the Miami Beach. Hello.
Hi, Mayor. Good morning. I was laughing.
What happened is you are like a very good piece of corn.
Like a piece of corn that comes out.
Corn is between two steel pieces of bread.
That's one problem. But I'm interested in what you were talking about the new book because it's Radio Man BW.
Radio Man BW?
The youngest person that worked there is 78. I think it's the truth.
Right. It's one of the people that called the news.
They were saying this morning that they had the biggest raid in the whole of the AT&T station.
They like all the nightclub.
Yeah. So I see what I mean.
The demographic that is, I guess, old Julio's in Domino Park, I think they're up there still pretty good.
But other than that, I can't...
Radio Man B, let's see. They went from a 5.3. This is 12 plus the whole week.
5.3 to a 5.2. So their number three and they went down at 10th of a point.
In other words, not really much of a change, but they're down.
And if they're say to number one, EDR was number one, Power 96 was number two.
Well, I'm glad you tell them that.
So Radio Man BW they lie like crazy.
And is Greg Reed one of the honorable stations?
Yes. He is.
He likes it. He really does like you. His wife doesn't care much for you, but he likes it.
That's okay.
Okay, the other...
I would say he's had the checks, but he don't even do that.
Okay, I have a great day. I'll read it again.
Okay, his wife hates me like poison, but that's okay.
That's because I don't want to eat with him if he roots Chris anymore.
Fight or come to their house.
5.670560, 05.560.
On the 18th, while I was lying here, the fact that it says the main reason why the ratings in your station went down.
One right down the crapper is those 10 minute breaks on a morning at Hank's show.
It says to me, this is freaking insane.
How many times can you listen to Joe singing, air around the clock, or...
Goldie talking about Barren's menswear.
Deepo, I don't even... what did it say?
I can't read the word.
Talk about Fat as Hank. He's the cure for insomnia.
It says the only time he's entertaining is when he's not on the mad dog picks over.
Like today.
From 2 to 6, we've got a very entertaining show.
Mad Dog Maddits will be on 2 to 6.
Bring back to Ricky Martin hour, and you'll get those high ratings back.
Ricky, see what Disney this weekend, baby.
Sign Jose in Cuba.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Do we believe that?
We believe it.
You're not fooling anybody.
Okay, guys.
We're on you, so to speak.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line for the mobile.
Here is some Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neal.
How you doing?
Great.
You know the reason why everybody call your show and they make fun of you or whatever they curse at you?
What is that, sir?
The reason why is because...
Every day I listen to your show, you always make it sarcastic.
So that's the reason why.
I think that a lot of times we talk about the same topic and you know everybody's gonna get upset.
So what you should do, just bury the topic.
For example, about the girl that got shot.
Whatever we say.
Just bury it.
Yeah, just bury it.
Whatever we say, she will never come back alive.
So what you should do, just bury the...
Just bury her.
Right, and everything else will come through.
Yeah.
All right, man.
Okay.
We're gonna bury her right now.
All right.
Okay, check it out.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
8, 2.
We're gonna check it out.
Yeah, let's go bury her.
Enough is enough for that.
But her already.
That would have been bad.
That would have been very tasteless for me to say that.
Although that's the way I feel about it because I'm tired of it all right.
I'm tired of being beaten over the head with a martyr already.
What about the other kids at times?
We heard anything about that?
No.
Well, they're probably burning in hell because they weren't religious enough.
They weren't pies enough.
Maybe they said no before they got their heads blown off.
Yeah, maybe they said no.
That's a possibility.
Huh?
Or maybe they also said yes.
We don't know about them because there was no, uh, and how do we know about her by the
way?
How do we know that?
I guess somebody, uh, was around me.
Did I know?
I don't know.
Somebody made it up?
Maybe Pat Robertson made it up or Pat Boone or somebody named Pat, Pat Buchanan.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18T line.
Here's four Myers.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Uh, I just wanted to tell you that I would have said nothing.
I would have just ran from the guy.
And my grandfather, who was a Methodist minister, said that Joseph was the most maligned person
in the Bible.
Curtis Joseph, yeah, he played pretty crappy.
I thought in the Buffalo series.
I'll see you there.
You're going on hockey again, Scott.
Damn it.
You sports for that.
I'll be knocking Kujo, man.
I'm a twin brother.
And?
Okay.
Here we go.
And?
Now is this identical twin?
Identical twin.
Yes.
I'm straight.
He's not.
Really?
Yeah.
And from upstate New York, too.
Wow.
And if you got a bigger penis?
I don't know.
I think we both go to the left a little bit.
Both the hook to the left.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
Well, I just wanted to let you know we appreciate you on the air over here in Fort Myers.
Give us something to listen to.
But the two of you have never run.
No.
No, no, no, no.
Oh, that's good.
Is it good?
Well, I guess it's good.
It's good for me.
Good for appearances.
Okay.
Have a great day, Pat.
Yes, thanks, Pat.
Okay.
And of course, if you want to stay alive in Fort Myers, you better believe you're going to
say no.
You probably have.
How do you like that?
Now, see, that answers the question we were talking about the other day.
If there are identical twins, how can one of them be straight and one of them gay?
That's a very, very interesting question.
Because I'm going to give you an example.
You were talking in this, uh, uh, Abercrombie and Fitch catalog.
That very, very heterosexual macho stud, Jeff Papa, which were the U of M. Horacun,
that we know they had no light weights in that football program.
Oh, man.
There's no fags at the Horacun.
I'll tell you that right now.
No way.
You know, I need to break the news to you.
Does it seem I don't want to start hallucinating, but just about this time yesterday is when it started
warming up in here a little bit.
Is it my imagination?
Huh?
Or maybe it's the fact that he drank that beer and it's starting to get to me.
No, seriously, it's starting to see.
I'll check it out during the break, but it seems like it's getting a little bit warmer
in here.
I don't want to see any panic around the building, but if we have a repeat of yesterday, it's
going to be a real ugly scene, okay?
Previously.
Yes.
When it was working sort of right around noon is when it would start to warm up in by two o'clock.
I feel like I'm going to be schmitzing over here any second now.
Huh?
Yes.
Because I'm getting warmer by the minute.
It's a little warmer than it was in the morning, but it's not quite decent there.
It's been there since 10 o'clock.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
I'm serious.
Yesterday it was like the end of the world in here.
You thought it was bad outside with the rain in the storm and all the crap.
It was the end of the world in here.
And thanks again to Maddie Bell and who was it?
John Gerrus.
John Gerrus, my good close personal friend with his big Cadillac out there.
Good guys.
They brought us that fan this morning.
I saw Maddie in the hall.
I thanked him profusely.
You know John Gerrus, he has a wife, you know, a matter of last night.
Yeah.
Oh, you mean it's a party that I wasn't invited to do that?
That very thing, my close personal friend, who used to look pretty good until J.P.
came to work here.
Yeah.
No, that's why he didn't invite me.
You do understand that?
He's holding a grudge now.
He's very upset.
No, he is.
I've never seen anybody in a macho guy like Corey take it so hard so to speak.
We all dumbied up because he's probably changing this schedule.
21 before.
See, I knew if I said something about the air he'd come in here.
Like I said, it's nice and comfortable in here.
Have no fear.
I don't want to panic.
Take a look.
What does it say on the thermostat over there?
What is it reading?
75.
Yeah, it was 75 this morning, isn't that great by the way?
It's okay.
It's acceptable.
75 is like Madonna would say, a little on the borderline.
A little borderline to me.
75.
72 would be nice.
So this is a start but don't think you got the job finished.
Did we find out who the people are with the tradeout that are doing the AC for us?
See, they won't tell us who it is.
Because we don't want our good close friends at the air around the clock that spend an arm and leg advertising on this radio.
We don't want them upset no one in the fact that we're probably doing business with somebody else.
Which would be real embarrassing to us, wouldn't it?
Yeah.
And rightfully so.
24 noon at QAM, you know, color again.
A long way past little boy.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We just did that.
I'm sure you're right that you didn't say that you were kidding.
I just did.
But I didn't ratue.
But I'm sure you wanted the Glenn power bank.
time.
All right.
In your few six ever little, in the middle of the sky.
Not as far as I can hit with my stash, or like a triangle first off.
Every time we do it, after I do it, I need to do this.
I've got something to say about it, which of course you don't.
And so far, you know, who's taking the big fat part of most of the abuse is him.
5, 6, 7, 05, why is that?
I guess they must know he's not under there.
He can't respond.
Good thinking.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Is Dave Johnson going to call us today or not?
He is.
No, he's not.
Or tomorrow.
Great.
Dave Johnson is going to call tomorrow.
Great voice of Triple Crown Racing, our good and close personal friend.
And I'll tell you right now I'm going to pick Kyrzmatic.
Because I don't care if he's going to win or not.
You've got to have a Triple Crown winner.
Because nobody really cares about horse racing anymore at all.
They're like about 20 of us.
And I don't care that much either.
Here's a lady in Naples.
Hello.
Hi.
Yes, ma'am.
The one that said, go Kyrzmatic.
Oh, Kyrzmatic.
Right, but you put an S on the end.
I was really confused.
I thought it was like a religious thing.
Well, sometimes I started.
Mm-hmm.
Anyways, I worked with the girl, and she was saying she was going to go visit her sister and her kids with twins.
And I was like, oh yeah, and I mentioned her husband.
She said, well, it's kind of different.
She's a lesbian.
And it's her twin also, so.
Anyways, I was like-
She's a lesbian.
Yeah, her twin's a lesbian.
And they were able to adopt a set of twins or six months old.
And a-
She's a lesbian, but does she have a curved piece that hooks to the left?
Well, a big vein in her boobs.
A big vein, yeah.
Anyways, as a lesbian in her-
Is it a big vein in her-
Right, don't-
At least it felt like a vein anyway.
Well, she was picking it, so.
She's saptored into a vein.
Yeah.
Anyways, I wanted to ask, well, how could they adopt a kid being at their legs both?
I mean, I thought there was like big screening about-
I know that some of the actors-
Big screeners-
There's a lot of screeners adopting kids.
What's wrong with that?
And she said, well, in the great thing is that it was the same sperm donor.
Yeah.
Big Duke.
Anyways, another thing I wanted to say was your show is funny today.
Yeah.
And I never knew the other guys, but I kind of feel bad for them.
You know, when you have to see them, don't you kind of-
Don't they look funny?
Everybody put them down.
They all look funny, yeah.
They all look funny.
That's how we got our jobs here.
We all look funny.
Okay, well listen, have a great day, so-
Don't blame God, blame the devil.
Okay, and bottom of the cup.
Okay, see ya.
Woo!
What are they drinking over in Naples?
Something good, huh?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
She did take Charismatics, by the way, the first time.
Here's a Parine.
Parine, hello.
Yes, how you doing, man?
Yes, sir.
I mean, I don't want to miss another accident, so I'll listen to every morning.
God bless you, sir.
I don't want to ask one question.
I mean, I'm not even on my basketball, but-
Do you think it's going to win this on the serious?
Who I think is going to win one?
I'm the basketball, sir.
Watch Mr. Royals in four.
Yeah.
Okay.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
I think Oscar Robertson's making a big comeback, sir.
Oh, dude.
And then Andy Royals are going to win it in six.
Don't you understand, I don't care.
Don't you get it?
I do not care.
Don't take it personally, my friend.
You're a great listener.
We love you.
I don't care how light our dark you are.
You're a great guy, but I don't want to see a bunch of seven-foot-spots, slam a
jam in it or the basketball either.
And by the way, if you can service yourself, what does that make you?
I guess double-jointed, is the answer.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
And, you know, see where the Ron's here and we're thinking he must have bad taste, because
even him doing himself is a rotus.
Here's Carl Springs.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
How are you?
Pretty good.
I enjoy your show very much.
Of course.
I have one reason and D reason why the ratings went down.
Okay, here we go.
All the Alta Cokers went north.
Is that it?
That's it?
They're going to get out.
And your list of the audiences back in New York.
These aren't Alta Cokers numbers, though.
Yeah, but I'm telling you, that's the reason.
All the Alta Cokers that are my relatives live in the area, they're gone.
Yeah.
And listen to you.
But these aren't the Alta Cokers listeners, sir.
These are like 25 to 54.
Well, I don't know if those numbers are right, but I can tell you, I can tell you 10 people
who went north and they were your diehard listeners.
Oh, I agree.
I believe that.
Every April, a happy audience disappears on this show.
You're right.
Half the cars and half the audience.
Yeah, they'll be back.
Yep.
Okay, thanks.
Just let's hope that they stay alive.
One more.
It's a couple more years.
Let's keep them alive.
What is it?
Oh, by the way, I want to extend my most sincere congratulations to my best fellow close personal friend, Jeff Rimmer, for having a citizen.
Oh, that was yesterday.
Yeah.
And how do you know that?
Somebody called to remind me.
Oh, okay.
Well, guess what?
He can't hear you because he's off to Edmonton or something like that.
And I'm assuming they're gone already.
At least I'm hoping because the phone's been real quiet.
56670560.560 on the AT&P wireless line.
Here's a mobile and crawl spring.
Hello.
Mobile and crawl springs going once.
Going twice.
Audio.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Oh, I'm just looking for a customer.
Oh, okay.
I was talking to you, Fidel.
Go light up a big one and stick it in your back.
Oh, 56670560.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's crawl spring.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Long time, Lister.
Put on your radio station.
101.
Turn it off at 159.
Yeah.
Except for today.
Yeah, but that last minute's a killer man every day.
It's a great minute.
No, but hell.
Matt talks to him on his A.
So I'll keep it on his A.
Yeah.
He's a good one.
He's great.
And ask George.
Are you knocking Hank again?
I mean, I don't, yeah, don't get defensive.
But are you knocking up, Oregon?
Well, I like listening to him, but I like mad dogs.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's great.
I mean, I like mad dogs.
I think he tells it like it is.
He does.
He don't read from a book, you know?
Right.
But ask George real quick what the I-X-O-Y-E means in the middle of that fish.
Yeah, what does that mean?
I mean, a little bit fish that the born-agains are got on the back of his car that I-X-O-Y-E that's...
Oh, yeah.
I think it's a Cuban code.
You didn't know?
He's a Hakanachonic with some.
I'll ask him.
Have a great day, sir.
What does that mean?
What?
The I-X-O-Y-E in the middle of the fish that the people have on the back of their car.
It feels...it's Greek for fish.
Sounds icky to me.
Two lions left on the board here were critiquing the radio station and they just don't even care.
So that's that coast to show you.
When they don't even care enough to send their very best or like the guy who said before they're all gone anyway.
Which I realize.
I've been doing this for one hell of a long time.
I'm well aware of the fact that we're in for a long, desperate, deadly, hot, frickin' goddamn summer here.
Make no mistake about that.
But I have to put on a good act and pretend that we got an audience out there.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Neil, yes, sir.
How you doing, buddy?
Great.
I got a couple of things for you.
I don't know if you caught that on the news.
I was channeling a certain, but there's that one TV station down in Mississippi
who would, who they end their day every day by having a religious word.
And we like channel 10.
Yeah.
You believe that?
Yes, I do.
That's a Mississippi man.
Yeah, I got a huge sparring port for you.
I was unfortunately dragged to a Marlin the game yesterday.
The glory holes are working over there big times.
Oh, right.
Okay.
I got to have something entertaining going on over there.
Thanks for the good news.
Maybe that's why Donna Smiley these days.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Mobile in Weston.
Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
Hey, reason I'm calling you is like, you know, I hear all the shock jocks stuff.
And I think that's part of your problem.
That's why you're losing listeners.
You know, they're tired of the garbage, you know?
They're tired of what?
Oh, well, the garbage talk.
You know, you're talking about shots.
You know, you're early talking about penises and that's going to garbage.
What's the little bit?
Penises are garbage.
They want to listen to sound conversation here.
Some of them, you know, higher than a fourth grade education.
Yeah. And then why are you listening?
I don't know.
I put the dog out of the sports channel and that's not going to be the game.
You thought you were looking for the game?
There's another word now.
I thought I was five minutes till noon.
What time did you turn it on today, sir?
I was in the car this morning and I'm going to do it.
And you heard what?
I heard you talking about your station.
Yeah.
I was near a critique it.
So that's why I'm calling you.
Right.
How come you were listening that long?
In other words, you don't listen to any other stations added to your radio us bro?
No, I usually listen to six times.
Then how come you were listening to five sixty?
Because the game was on last night.
I was in the car last night.
I listened to it.
Yeah.
It's not irrelevant.
It's not irrelevant.
I think it's very important because if I get in the car and for some reason somebody would have switched my dial to a station I don't listen to,
the first thing I would do would be to switch it over to what I do listen to.
You thought I wanted to say it?
Yes, to be sure as you.
Because basically what you're saying is that you don't listen.
There's nothing shocking about this show, sir.
I've been doing this show for a zillion years.
Okay.
We've been doing just great.
But you know, you're somebody who doesn't listen to the show and you're critiquing it.
You're telling me what's going on?
See, I don't mind somebody who listens.
But now you do listen to what you just got to say to listen to an IOD.
I'm not on IOD.
Hey, when you listen to all the Starbucks talking about stuff, that's garbage.
I mean, that's less, that's fourth grade education.
Then why do you listen?
You just got your thing.
I don't listen.
You just said you did listen.
No, I don't listen day to day basis like you're some of your listeners do.
Yeah.
I flip it on.
I want to listen to sports.
It's not a sports patient anymore either.
Right.
It's not about garbage.
Right, garbage.
It's not about garbage station.
That's right.
Yeah, hey there.
What's your problem?
And what about the sports shows that was numbers went in the toilet?
What about them?
Are they talking about penises, sir?
No, they're not.
What about those shows?
I don't have an answer to that.
Okay, thank you.
I didn't think he would.
He listens every minute that I'm on.
Make no mistake about that.
You could bet your life on it.
Please.
See, you can, I mean, this is the one day I make an exception.
Ordinarily, I'm not interested in critiques.
If you like it, listen if not blow it out your ass.
Okay.
That's my philosophy of life.
But today I make an exception.
We're looking for some answers here as if there are any.
But this guy, number one, is a liar.
I don't like liars.
Don't tell me you don't listen.
And it was another radio action.
And you stuck around long enough to make a call and went out and hold for several minutes.
Did tell me, you don't want to hear garbage.
You don't want to hear about opinions.
I got news for a sir.
I don't know about your penis, but I don't consider my penis to be garbage.
Okay, sir?
Maybe you don't have any respect for your penis.
Maybe that's your problem.
But to me, that's not garbage.
That's like the heart and soul of life.
You think he's got one?
No.
No.
Three minutes till noon at 5.60 WQA and put...
WQA and my head in the water day.
Kuku, baby, let's turn this mother out.
Pop the magic wrapper is on my TV.
No one heard of him before.
His name is Pop that he I said.
Pop the magic wrapper won't be here that long.
Not on what's in learned stuff.
Sing on the right of the friggin song.
I said, Pop the magic wrapper is all over mpb.
Only because of one shot not for his p.i.k.s.
That fat guy maybe someone should tell him making it his way along.
Hicking at your dead best friend, speaking, what's wrong?
Snoop Doggy Doggy Doggy Dog, down the ball track.
Okay, 12-1 at 5.60 WQA and your penis intensive station for the 90s.
Look at that.
I just spit a little by lunch.
I said that.
That could have been an accident.
That's my philosophy.
This guy before says, penis is trash.
Maybe you're talking about your own.
Maybe you got a problem between your legs.
Maybe a wiggly bath might not be a bad idea.
There's no guy that I know that thinks that his penis is trash.
Maybe too small in some of our cases like yours truly but nevertheless,
still very valuable and works like a charm which is the only important part.
5.670560, 0.560.
In fact, you know that song that I used to play that we got fine for at IOD,
what was the name of the group from the penis of these?
Yeah, I don't know the group.
From Seattle or somewhere in Portland, somewhere in the Northwest.
Great job.
Yeah, penis envy.
And I think that most women out there would give their left breast to have a penis.
They can go by.
I'm talking about a real one.
I'm not talking about, what would you do with that one by the way?
It's over on the in front of Orlando.
Oh, it's in front of Orlando.
Jesus Christ, no, we don't see him no more.
Here's Miami.
Help.
You know what?
And it sounded like he had about 20 pounds of what he said in his mouth too at the time.
Maybe take the shock off it next time you call,
sir, right into phone too.
So we can understand very clearly what you're saying.
5.670560, 0.560 on the mobile one line.
He must be another OJ sucker.
Don't you think?
You know, I'm wrong.
Yeah, who's got an OJ fan?
Lighten up a little, okay, pal.
Maybe then we can respect you.
Just lighten up about two or three shades.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
New God.
Yes, I am.
Leaf fan.
All right.
Don't start that hockey talk, Matt.
I'm already in the toilet here.
My numbers are disarvanishing.
Hey, we had a good season.
Yeah.
We think we need to do for some success next year.
How about get a couple of defensemen that can play defense?
How does that sound?
Yeah, that sounds good.
Maybe we could also make tie-dome in the cast.
Yeah.
And that's some heart.
Uh-huh.
You should talk more about hockey, Neil.
Okay.
Golees go.
That's it.
That's our hockey talk for today.
Now let's move on to the penis talk.
5.670560, 0.560 on the mobile one line.
I mean, what's wrong with talking about identical twins?
That's something that most people are interested in.
So suppose maybe if their feet were different, okay?
Maybe Joe Costello could come in here and get upset about that discussion.
Everybody gets upset about something.
I don't think there's anything crap about this.
Are we going to solve the problems in the world on these shows?
No.
And by the way, sir, I hate to make the news to you.
People don't want to hear what you're talking about, that idiot,
that called around five minutes ago.
They don't want to hear that.
I did that for five million years.
And you know what?
All I did was waste my time and my breath.
Like we're going to change the world,
sitting talking on a stupid radio talk show.
Talking, pontificating, and the most interesting part of the whole deal is,
back in those WS news days,
here were a whole bunch of us sitting on that radio station,
talking about a whole lot of crap we knew nothing about.
Buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh,
we didn't know what the hell we were talking about.
And all these old parts are going,
oh, you're such a brilliant boy.
Yeah, where's the doctor?
What time is the doctor coming on?
I got such bad hemorrhoids.
Yeah, that's what we used to do, okay?
Solving the problems.
Nobody wants you to win out with nickers and high-button shoes pals.
So you better get with the program, okay?
You think because Laura has limbo got a little bump there in 95 plus in this last trend
that all of a sudden that kind of crap is coming back?
Hate to break the news, you sir.
Wrong, dead wrong.
And you're listening, and you'll continue to listen.
Lie or lie, your thing is on fire.
Why do they lie so much?
Why are you people so dishonest for crying out loud?
I could have come back like some people on this station.
I don't want to mention no names and said, oh yeah,
I won 10 grand in Vegas.
I lost my ass, okay?
That's the most I think I ever lost out there.
And you know what? I couldn't care less.
I don't care.
It's not going to change my life.
But why should I come on here to say, oh, I had a really hit it big out there in Vegas.
Me and my pirakeet, you know, had a great time.
Why would I do that?
And you wanted to know why because compulsive gamblers,
people who are in denial about their gambling problems, they lie a lot.
Just like last night, I had to track my good close friend, Fat Rich,
who's a good guy.
But he's, you know, every time we go, oh, I think I lost about $10.
I think I'll, you know, and of course, if he admits to that,
that means like, add it to zero at least, you know, $2,300.
And what happened to the dollar that you stepped me on, Fat Rich?
See, I bet you're over the years that we've been going to the track together.
He probably wasn't about $2,700.
But I lost in Vegas. I think I just got it back.
Because he runs all of Beth in every now and then, oh, I don't have change.
I owe you a dollar.
And then of course, he assumes that I forget about the dollar.
I never forget, like an elephant.
I got a body and a brain to match. I never forget.
So I'm just counting it up, counting it up.
It's just ticking away.
It had a big little ticker between my ears, okay?
2700 even is what you owe me in the last 10 years of the track, okay Rich?
I mean, that's bad.
That's all turd Jewish to step me for a dollar last night.
That I'm getting him in there for nothing.
And he's eating free meals and filling his fat face all these years.
Yeah.
And step me for a dollar with the track.
But I paid notice. I sat there and I very conscientiously.
I looked and waited to see was he going to offer me the dollar.
Was he going to sit there and hope that I forgot about it for the 2700 time.
And I, you know, I dumbied up.
56670560, pound 560 on a mobile win line.
Like I've told you before, in your experiences in life,
you'll find that most people you encounter, most of them,
even some of the nice ones are full of crap, okay?
Just don't ever forget that I told you that.
Most people are full of crap.
And most people already even don't even begin to resemble what they appear to be.
Most things in life appear to be one thing on one hand.
And on the other hand, they're like something totally different.
You can believe it or not, but it happens to be true.
Take it from an old fart like me.
Here's for Lauderdale. Hello.
How you doing, Adale?
Great.
I don't have a problem with your show.
It's just all the other shows.
I mean, there's a couple of guys in there that are all right.
But you're like the morning scene.
They take one call every 20 minutes.
Yeah.
I mean, there's 40 commercials that are available.
Here are all four, Matt.
I've said it before.
I just, I'm, I am, it's a miracle that those guys can sustain that show
with those 25 minute breaks and 55 minute breaks
and hour and 20 minute breaks.
How could anybody do a show with those with that kind of a format?
And I just, I don't understand it.
And, uh, hangs get the same way.
Sometimes you start talking about stuff.
Let the college folks talk about it.
Give them, give them something to talk about.
You're with him, coming on in.
You know, he just goes on and starts talking about stuff
that I can care less about horse racing and boxing and gambling.
Exactly.
Yeah, gambling.
Too much gambling on this radio stage.
And I think most of the professional gamblers are tapped out,
which is why the audience vanished.
I think April won.
They tapped out and that's no fooling.
So why do you keep going the track with this guy?
We want Rich.
Yeah.
Because I'm keeping a talent at the end of the next five years.
He's going to only, uh, big time you're going to only enough to retire.
If you can't pay it now, why is he going to pay it that?
Good point.
Okay, have a great day pal.
Good point.
How come I keep sloughing fabrics?
Because he's a good guy.
He's a good friend of mine.
He means well, he's just cheap, you know?
This is the guy that went on our first Vegas trip with us.
And, uh, what was it?
The Imperial Palace?
And at the buffet, he sneaks into the buffet.
And he takes the paid receipt from somebody else's table.
And he puts that on another table.
And he goes and sits down there.
And a guy that's making some serious bucks, by the way,
is in business for himself.
He's a, you know, bright guy.
That's pretty damn well, I think.
But cheap.
It's just, uh, in his genes, he is cheap.
I mean real, real cheap type.
All those stereotypes about Jews being cheap, which we're not.
I mean, some of us are very generous to a fault.
But there are some who are the stereotype.
And believe me, he is cheap.
Not as cheap as some of George's close personal friends, by the way,
who also happen to be Jewish and Canadian.
They stop like him.
Not no, Mo.
No.
No, he also, he's still, he didn't give up his Canadian citizenship.
He's got dual citizenship.
You can do that?
Yeah.
Well, you know, uh, you mean you're not a Cuban citizen?
I reckon.
What does that mean?
You don't know.
I'm sure I had.
You know, I'm not so sure you're a citizen of anything when you come right down.
What was that mysterious day that you had to go down to the INS building
and to see the man of what?
I wouldn't need to go to the office building.
Yes, you did.
No, I did not.
I went to the Fort Lauderdale Courthouse to file a declaration of domicile
for a homestead exemption.
Yeah.
You're the one that made up the whole of the building.
How come you came here the other day?
The only day of the day.
What?
Nine minutes past noon at 5.60 WQAM.
Are you searching for a new sensation in dining?
If you're tired of that same old bump and grind, then why not revisit an old friend?
And eat at the Y.
That's right folks, because here at the Y, we've turned our old facilities into a mouthwatering buffet.
And you've never seen a red like this one.
Featuring some of the most delicious on trays you've ever tasted.
And if you like eating Mexican tools, let's the Y because every night is a go night.
Or if you enjoy the taste of wild dates, our chefs prepare our lips, snacking, thoughts,
ate rabbits, baked in a golden flower truss.
That's right.
Air pie.
It's all here.
Literally, mounds of piping hot food, including juicy steaks, cooked medium rare.
Because when you eat at the Y, all the meat is in the middle.
Or if you like spicy food, here's an unusual on tray, a red hot-cage and mule steak.
Talk about a piece of ass that brings tears to your eyes.
It's lips-secing good to chew both on a mess.
Oh, the next time you eat out, light on down to the Y.
It's a perky alley up in this for one egg.
Oh, Jesus, oh, why?
Oh, Jesus, oh, why?
Okay, it's 1215.
What is that?
At 560WQM. What the was that?
I know what it was.
It was a mistake.
So anyway, we got the 200 open lines, 560, 750, 560, and 0.560 on the mobile one.
I guess that guy around noon time, I think he had a good point.
We got to stop over this trash talk, you know?
I love people that use that term.
If you're stopping the shock talk, what is shocking?
In other words, is the word penis, does that shock you?
Is that, yeah, that must be it.
Well, how do you like that?
Penis, clitoris, grow up, sir.
Okay, get a frickin' life.
And here's another one of those guys.
Just what I was talking about a few days ago.
We can go tomorrow, be one week, that I brought that great point up on this show,
about what's in your brain, about all these parakeets we have.
So you don't have to buy a bird.
If you want somebody who will repeat everything that you say, just find somebody like him.
You know, just remounting a lot of things that somebody else said.
So the media come up with this, oh, it's shock radio.
These are the same people on television, by the way, that are showing every decapitation,
every grotesque accident, body parts, whatever they can find, blood guts and gore.
And because somebody says penis on a radio, oh, it's shock radio, yeah.
Same people that are puttin' Jerry Springer on a year, and they're doin' segments on shock radio.
Because somebody said clitoris.
I mean, get me a break already, will ya?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60, and by the way, sir, you're welcome for the entertainment
that we give you four hours every day of your meaningless, pit-read life,
even though you can't stand the word Penis.
Even though it makes you feel unclean.
Here's Miami Lake, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How you doin' now?
Great.
I just wanna say I'm a little to show, and I listen to both of the number one shows.
I listen to WEDR in the morning, then I turn around at 10 o'clock, listen to you,
and I think he'll put, I believe he makes someone lose his job.
He's more.
Yeah.
And he's good.
That's it.
Yeah, but you were doin' good till 2 o'clock?
Yeah.
And, well, actually, at 2 o'clock, I turn back the WEDR.
Well, now Mandage is gonna be on the, you're gonna listen to Mandage?
Yeah, I like Mandage.
Mandage is fun.
Mandage is a lot of fun.
He doesn't take himself.
And he shows up on time every day.
I guarantee it, 2 o'clock, when the theme is against today, the mad dog will be on.
I guarantee it.
Yeah.
They need to give it a hand.
They need to give it a hand.
A couple of guys are called earlier, man.
Both of those guys are penises.
Okay.
God bless you, sir.
Alright.
Alright, there we go.
There's a dark-complexed guy who's a great listener of ours.
We wanna, we love our dark-complexed listeners.
There's all that we do like Malcolm a lot on Young and a Hornie.
They can't all be that light or look that good.
Like I told you, lighten up a few shades.
Okay, Malcolm?
Now, you don't, don't tell me that you don't think Malcolm is just, uh, shockingly.
He's the handsome man.
Yes, okay.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Miami.
15 minutes and 31 seconds ago, they called him, guess what?
They're gone.
5.670560, 0.560 on the mobile one line.
We definitely need telephone, via Guinness Town.
They just can't keep it up like the old days.
Boy, do we reminisce?
You can't live in a past, I know.
You can't go back.
But all those old days.
I don't wanna reminisce about certain other places that some of us used to work
because I know they're not the same anymore.
W-I-O-D-E-O-I hate that station.
But boy, those days when they would hang on forever.
And were we talking about like serious life and death topics then?
No.
No, of course not.
I mean, once in a while, because I'm not gonna be one of those people that's gonna be
pigeon-holding to a corner or corn-holding to a corner.
I'll talk about whatever, and how I feel like it.
But this guy with his bull crap about people wanting here, intellectual.
Like the guy that was telling me before about national public radio.
I mean, are you kidding me?
Some bitch that sounds like Daffy McCallum on helium is on there,
and people are gonna listen to that?
No.
No, of course not.
The only people who listen to that garbage are old people.
And even the old people stop listening to it, which is why there's no more W-I-O-Lite Ball
on here, and no more W-S-News, and all that other crap because even the old fart said,
ah, enough of this crap already.
Let's go play my genre.
Anything?
Here's a mobile in poker.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
First time long time.
All right.
I think the issue with your ratings is the first team.
Yeah.
And Marlon's baseball.
I mean, the first team is old already.
They're just the same thing.
Hey, and day, I'm absolutely.
Like last year's is the Coleslaw?
Absolutely.
Mm-hmm.
I love my penis, by the way.
And it is not garbage.
Excellent.
God bless you, sir.
And your penis.
Okay.
See, there's a guy who's proud of his penis, and it don't have to be big.
It doesn't have to be gigantic.
It has to be clean, and that's all I have to say about that.
Okay.
It has to be clean and effective.
And other than that, there you go.
And this business of being like an overgrown infant, this is another part of the problem
about America.
And I'm always there not any respect for human life, but there's no respect for the human
body.
That's why we're all walking around fat like me.
No respect to the body.
We got, like I said yesterday, the doctors aren't doing a goddamn thing for us.
People are buying all these desperation, got quack remedies that don't work.
And you go to Europe, as I've told you a billion times, and you turn on TV in the evening,
and here's naked boobs, baby.
Here's naked people.
Here's people doing it.
Not on the cable station, not on some x-rated station on your satellite, but over the
air on your local channel.
And people say, oh yeah, okay.
There it is.
It's not the end of the world.
But in this country, this hysteria over sex and body parts.
Everybody wants to see them.
Everybody wants to grab them.
Everybody wants to get their hands on as much hot places they can.
But oh, I don't admit it.
Don't talk about it in public.
That's why the penis-gate thing was a plus for America.
Even though we had to go through all that crap, the bottom line was we found out about all the
closet people out there that don't give a crap about the president getting blow jobs.
How do you like that?
We also found out that the sanctumontious hypocrites that were screaming allowed us to
about it and condemning him, they were getting more blow jobs than he was.
And screwing up everybody's family and having kids out of wedlock, etc. and so on.
Bunch of hypocritical bastards, okay?
So let me tell you again, the ones who talked the most about being sanctumontious and
holier than now, those are the ones who are screwing their brains out, anything that
moves, they make no mistake about that.
Am I right, my good old right wing Republican friends?
You bet your sweet ass, okay?
Bunch of modicolnes with cheese, with pecoroni.
Hey, you ever see a maraconi with pecoroni?
Here's a mobile and ocahumpka speaking of that.
Hello?
Listen, I got your answer for the right.
Okay, go right ahead, please.
We're dead.
We're so hot, cut all the penis and you got to bump up the nookie.
Yeah.
Everybody just didn't lookie.
Even the women.
Uh-huh.
Okay.
Howard's got 28 lesbians out of our morning, you'll have a good time and Howard went through
the roof so you must be right.
You'll have to listen to Howard for your lesbian talk, okay?
No interest on his show.
Except George.
5, 6, 7.
In fact, next time I'm on vacation, what?
And you, hang on, is this your show?
He's already moved in JP, he's not only like sitting in there hanging out, hanging it out, he's also
with his show now.
It's the Neil George and JP show.
I think you got the order, right?
Yeah, it's the JP Neil and George show.
Yeah, like I said.
Hey, listen, you know how these guys don't leave.
I'm telling you if you leave, I get very depressed.
So like I said, is it the Neil and CT show or what?
Here's a lady in North Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
North Miami.
Hi, Neil.
Is this North Miami?
Yes, it is.
How are you?
I'm very well, thank you.
And as far as Hank goes, he blows.
Yes.
Very bad.
That's something I wasn't aware of.
Well, let's not get that bruised out.
Okay.
And then the first team, that's a disgrace.
Oh.
And I'm so glad that Jim is going to be on a two o'clock.
Jim, man, everybody likes Jim.
I love everybody.
I hope the Mad Dogs listen right now.
We all love you, Mad Dog.
Okay, because you're a wild and crazy maniac.
And you don't take it serious.
That's right.
He shows up on time.
You and the Mad Dog, but the only people on that station.
I wouldn't have been great to have a satellite.
We're getting the ratings.
12 hours each a day, every day of the week.
12 hours like alternate, three hours on, three hours off,
Neil and the Mad Dog and the CT.
Absolutely.
You are fantastic.
I have a rare Neely.
All right.
Neal God.
Mandage is very entertaining.
Yes.
I get extremely boring.
All right.
So, opinionated.
Yes.
And don't forget fat.
Yeah.
Well, he's got a lot of weight.
Yes, still fat.
And he's up there doing the Bell mod.
That's fine.
Right.
On ABC.
On a big screen TV, right?
Wonderful.
Well, he needs it.
Yeah.
But the morning it goes worse to you.
I mean, that is a joke.
Yeah, that morning shows.
Well, that's cool.
And anyway, you do understand that.
I hope so.
We're going to have the Ricky Martin Show starting Monday.
We best.
Ever have great life, sweetheart.
But you are great.
Okay.
Thank you.
God bless you.
Okay, man.
I feel drained now.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I'm going to see,
05, 60 on the mobile one line.
So, so far, Hank is taking a brutal beating here today.
And he's not even on today.
See what I'm saying about ripping somebody
when he can't be out of the defend himself,
which is a real good idea, by the way.
Let's see, on the moral.
Let me take a look at the schedule.
Thank God that Duff is right on top of things.
We got the schedule.
Oh, look at that.
He's not on tomorrow either.
We got Mad Dog tomorrow.
Yeah.
All right.
Two days in the world, we won't have to hear that theme music
run till 215.
Fantastic.
The Mad Dog's on both today and tomorrow.
I wasn't aware of that.
Because Hank's up there covering the Bell Mothra ABC,
which they're a lot more important than we are.
I mean, what are we, just some little bum fork
A and radio station in Miami, you know?
Whose ratings just went in the toilet?
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing? How's everything?
Great.
Listen, I won $52 a mucosuchi last week.
You won 52 bucks?
Yeah, that's it.
Uh-huh.
At least a mile is about it, you know?
I lost 2700 in Vegas, and I'm very proud of it.
Listen, I was talking about all the crap that's on the TV now.
You know, you have to take them all the mobsters.
They're going to be eating well over the next few days thanks to me.
Listen, you know, all the stuff they've been putting about
the American Airlines jet crash yesterday on Channel 7 with Rick Sanchez.
This is incredible.
I mean, eight people, I don't know how many people died about eight or sixteen.
Whatever.
Nine people.
And this and that, how could it have happened?
Why did it happen?
And this and that.
And I wonder what about the 200 million people are starving to death
in the planet, you know?
Yeah, they don't care about that, man.
You know?
Well, there's no, there's no gory fiery pictures of those people, you know?
That's incredible.
And that's just a survey came out right now and CNN.
And that's the best 200 million people starving right now.
How do you like that?
And the purpose of their eating shuttle, but I don't know.
And the queen is asking for a pay raise.
She ain't getting enough.
Really?
That's incredible.
Well, I have an actual number.
Okay, and back to you, sir.
Yeah, guy raises an interesting point, but we don't want to get too serious
because this is penis radio after all.
And penis and what the other guy say, bull-dike radio or something like that.
26th, if we get a lot more lesbians on there, I think we could really have bounced it back up there.
24 hour day lesbian radio.
Sounds excellent.
We have bull-dikes on here just around the clock.
Maybe we just have a golf show all day.
In fact, we decided during last commercial break that that golf show on Saturday morning
is what put us in the trapper in this last trend.
What about a lesbian golf show?
That's what I just said, man.
You didn't say what happened.
And what's the difference?
If it's ladies golf, what's the difference?
And we'll get some good looking ones out there, even if they can't play.
Isn't that an oxy moron?
A good looking bull-dike golfer?
Like whom?
So we want those lipstick lesbians.
Okay.
27 afternoon on lesbian radio.
There's only one place.
Your heart out, Pete Bozier.
It's starting this Monday.
On 5.60 WQAM, it's the all-J Simpson Water Nasty and Roy.
Rockers show.
60 GENAM Monday through Friday.
Only on 5.60 WQAM Sports Bad Radio.
Rockers show.
Rockers show.
Rockers show.
Rockers show.
Rockers show.
No matter how hard I try,
don't understand why this is right to case.
Don't you heart-tap it today.
Oi!
People saw bring their suits can.
With drawing money from their veins.
You're such a bunch of silly teeth.
Acting like paranoid freaks.
Oh, do you believe in what you can?
Why do you care?
No.
I feel something inside me say.
I really don't need too hard and brain known.
You believe in what you can.
Why do you care?
Why do you care?
I feel something inside me say.
I really don't need too hard and brain known.
12.33.5.60 WQAM.
We got Jim Mad Dog managed two to six today and again tomorrow.
Oh!
I'm a schedule little bonus there for you.
While Hank's getting busy horseing around at the Belmont 5.6705.60
Pound 5.60 on the mobile one line.
I'm sure you'll get a great generous guy I am.
I don't even know what I just gave the 20 bucks for.
What do we buy for Cory?
We're getting him a hooker or something.
What was that for?
Oh, it's a surprise, but we'll do a presentation during the show.
Oh, sorry.
I said it shouldn't have said anything.
Right.
Oh, you're not doing what I think you're doing, are you?
No. Please don't do that.
No.
It's not.
It's something that is the most tangible.
Okay.
Something you can actually put your hands on.
Yes.
Yeah.
And now.
Oh, really?
Oh, God.
So many possibilities immediately rushing to my brain.
But in any way, well, I guess we'll have to wait and find out.
Yeah, you people over there in four miles.
Don't forget our good close personal friend Cory Savin is going to be popping up.
So to speak on Channel 4 News in four miles.
Starting when?
Is it tomorrow?
Does he start?
I think he said June 4th.
I believe he starts tomorrow over there in four miles.
Monday.
Next Monday.
And believe me, once you see him, then you'll know what a real good young Jewish
driver's light.
That's losing his hair.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Long time, Mr.
First time caller.
I'll write your show home from games for the summer.
All right.
Great.
From college.
So I think you're very funny and entertaining.
I don't know what all these people are talking about.
Your show is perfect.
You don't have it at OJP, do you?
Who's in here interning with us?
Who also goes to U of F at FU?
What's new?
What do you say?
I said, so how is it up there?
Oh, I love it.
Yeah.
It's fun.
But that's another caller said maybe too many commercials on the station.
Otherwise.
Too many spots.
It's a killer.
But otherwise, you know, you're doing a great job and it was a good work.
And don't forget.
Can't beat that Gator meat.
Have a great day, pal.
Yeah.
If I would have had time, I would have queued the thing up and I would have had, you know, it
has more meaning when Jennifer says it in her cell tree tone.
Can beat that Gator meat.
Okay.
Fine.
That's what I was told.
560, 7.0, 560, 560 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
I'm Daniel.
Yes, sir.
I think you can improve the show by you retiring and let George take over.
Great.
Okay.
So we can talk to you 20 times today.
Right.
George just said, no.
Thanks.
Yeah.
That's what are your buddies who, yeah, he figures, you know, he's up on him if.
Five reverse psychology.
Uh-huh.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60.
Well, I mean, I'm loaded anyway.
I just come in.
That's what I was told here in the last few minutes that I got so much money I could retire anytime I want.
I just would come in because I like it so much, you know.
Yeah.
I'll tell you, he ought to have his own show.
He's got a better sense of humor than we got.
That's the greatest line I ever heard in my life.
I mean, how could a guy that goes to Vegas and lose $2,700 not have millions of dollars to order away and to be able to retire?
Right.
I come in every day because I love it.
I couldn't possibly live those seven months that I got paid off by Bud Pax and not to work.
That was agony.
Every day I woke up and I said, yeah.
Whenever I felt like it, that's right.
Most of the time, not around here, by the way, during those seven months, I would say conservatively that five of those seven months I wasn't in town.
Five trips to Europe, two trips to Vegas, all over the goddamn world.
Having a time of my life, but no, I just missed it so much.
I was dying to be here so I could come on here every day and go.
Yeah.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound, five, 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi Neil.
Long time, listen to the first time caller.
I'm going to tell you.
I'm very well.
How about yourself?
I'm OK.
Well, you sound a lot better than OK today.
And I think that's why listeners tune into, listen to you when you're better than OK.
I got to tell you though, I have no problem with the first team, but I'd listen to you.
I love your show.
Two o'clock comes around when Hank's on.
Radio goes off.
Really?
I would rather, I hate the soap.
I'd rather go home and watch the soap.
The guy is just a very obnoxious human being.
I think that the listeners would, I think that you're very nice.
Very nice.
A lot of hearty.
Oh, that was Hank's in.
What an embarrassment.
Yeah.
I mean, the guy, when someone doesn't agree with what he has to say, he, even though point is well made and they can, he will hang up on you.
I'm not calling, but the show is boring.
He's boring.
He sounds like a very unhappy human being when he talks on the radio.
Does he?
He does.
OK.
You don't use sound live.
I'm not.
I've never been as happy in my life as I am right now.
I bet you.
I'd rather listen to Rimmer at two o'clock.
Oh, my, oh, geez.
There's a show.
Oh, geez.
Put that on tape.
Save that.
OK, pal.
OK, buddy.
Have a nice day.
Keep up the great work.
OK.
Well, it's a good thing to hang stuff there in New York because if he ever heard that, that would be the ultimate stop for Jesus right there.
He'd rather listen to Rimmer, man.
That is, that's bad.
22 before one is five, 60 WQM.
I didn't lay down on my stuff.
I'm just, I'm speechless.
Did you have you heard him do his list?
His list is list.
No.
Do it for George in here, OK?
George, I do a great list.
You have no idea.
I don't know.
I'm sorry about those Cubans, OK?
OK, five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 animal.
And by the way, do that picture he keeps showing you?
That's his sister.
OK, where we going?
Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Brian Craig, badmouth.
He's terribly smart.
Brian Craig.
He is.
He's a little kid.
He's a little kid.
He's a little kid.
Oh, why are you in the middle of that little child?
Is he brought off that little baby a quid?
I said, I said, I'm talking about Christians.
Yeah.
He had terrible things to say about him.
Well, isn't that great?
I'm delighted.
They must be really desperate, OK?
And of course, if you must be the one listening.
Well, maybe.
Could be.
And I also want to say that George has a marvelous voice for radio.
Yes, he does.
Yes, he does.
And if I'm gonna keep working on him, maybe I can get just as good.
You're good.
OK, see you.
OK, give Brian a big kiss for us.
OK, speaking of a little, little, torp unbelievable.
I guess they must really be desperate on the station
that we don't even know the callers of.
And guess what?
You know, there's trend that just came out.
Did they show up anywhere at all?
No.
Nice going, Steve.
Oh.
Keep sucking those free spots on there, baby.
Keep sucking up those free spots.
All the free meals you can get.
Because goddling those, we all need to eat out alive and somehow.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, pound five.
See what I mean?
Nobody listens to that crap anymore, except the older than dead.
She was a nice lady, this woman, but she's 125 in a shade.
Here's West Palm Beach.
Hello.
How you doing?
Great.
He leaves me for last, like always.
I said, I'm for West Palm Beach.
I'm calling it your aerospace guy.
Yeah.
What do you mean he left you for last of what?
Well, I called about 20 minutes ago.
10 minutes.
10 minutes.
10 minutes.
10 minutes.
20, whatever.
But you are last.
You're right about that.
I'm looking at the other ones you are last.
I think George hates you.
Well, he don't like your aerospacemith.
What do you expect?
Yeah.
You don't care.
Well, I'll get some stuff in long.
Put them in the same order as the other girls.
Yeah.
West Palm Beach.
West Palm Beach.
West Palm Beach.
But in the meantime, you're looking all your time.
How can I try to talk about him?
Let's talk about us.
Well, anyway, man, I almost went off the wall over there when I heard you in fat.
I wasn't have that about a month ago.
Yeah.
Man, you come in loud and clear over there.
I don't know.
Oh, I'm going to go up a little.
Great.
Yeah, I'm the Mollie Cone.
I'm the Mollie Cone stay away.
No, no, Mollie Cone.
That's the drive right along the ocean.
Is that the name of the drive?
Mollie Cone drive?
No, Mollie.
Mollie Cone.
Yeah.
Mollie Cone.
Your boy there knows about it.
If he's holding up, he knows.
Okay.
I was driving down and I heard you there.
I was wearing it to the water.
I said, man, this signal comes in so clear.
Okay, let me say it again for all our friends in Havana.
Penis.
Great.
But I was looking.
That'll knock that fiddle off his ass.
I was in the hospital.
I was in Havana, the Riviera.
Stay in the Riviera.
Yeah.
And I was driving to Ola Havana and your signal was still so clear.
How do you like that?
All the way back.
You pick it up.
Just get our Arbitron diaries in Havana.
We'd be number one half.
We put that radio Mambeeta shame.
Anyway, I brought back some.
We have the real Cuban flusting.
The ones in Cuba, not just a bunch of banana boat people.
I mean, you come and clear all the way all the way
to the U.S.
I'm getting sexual assignment just thinking about that.
Of course, if there were any white people in Cuba,
I made me even more excited.
Of course, you know, of course.
All of a sudden I was wondering.
All of a Canadians are probably the land like crazy.
Oh, yeah.
All the frogs are down there too.
Like I said, a lip is a dish rag.
They just bought a $3 million piece of property over there
up in the West End.
And they're revamped in the hotels.
They're taken over everything to the Canadians.
Them in the Germans.
Yeah.
Anyway, I brought back some cigars.
I brought back the...
I mean, it does the Romeo and Juliet.
Yeah.
I brought back those.
And I sold them for a good price here in West Palm Beach.
It's great.
They don't stockbroke it up here.
Eat them up because, you know, they don't get them up here.
Good. That's good.
They're screwing everybody up here.
I bet you might as well get to here.
Yeah.
Real animals anyway.
Let them move there.
You're right.
You know, so I got the money back from those.
I made my money from the trip.
You know, so you don't smoke any of those there.
No, I don't.
I smoke all my stuff free from Nixon.
They're better than that expensive stuff.
Oh, okay.
Believe me.
Anyway, yeah.
I'm real...
I'm real choosy about what I put in my mattress.
So anyway, let me ask you about this KY2 jelly thing.
I mean, what is the KY...
KY jelly?
KY2 jelly.
That's going to be a problem, yeah.
Yeah.
If your computer chip goes bad on the new year's eve,
you're going to have real hard problems.
The only reason this whole thing come about is because they were so greedy.
They didn't want to put the right amount of things in the computer to begin with.
If people don't know that.
Well, I don't know.
I don't know.
That's necessarily true.
I just don't think that they...
I think they overlooked it in the beginning.
No, they said they didn't have any room in the mainframe forever when they were making these things.
Yeah.
They would need more room.
You know, so that's why this whole thing came about.
Okay, well, whatever.
I'm not going to lose any sleep over it.
Are you not going to do anything?
You're not going to hold water or nothing?
You're not going to...
I'm hoarding it right now.
Have a great day, pal.
George says, love and kisses.
You know, that lunch I had was delicious, but I think it's starting to work its way through real quick like it.
It's only like 12 minutes to long.
I think I could have a real serious problem here for the first time in a long time.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah, that kind of a problem.
Huh?
That kind.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Yeah, sir.
How you doing, buddy?
Great.
Listen, my line up is, I think you should put George on the morning drive.
Yeah.
You stay 10 to 2 and put Mad Dog on for the rest of the day.
Yeah.
I think it's for the rest of the day, like from 2 to midnight.
Well, yeah, that's fine on me because I clock out at 6 o'clock.
Okay.
But when it comes to George, his talent is being wasted on the other side of that glass.
That's right.
He does have an absolute grasp on the English language.
His vocabulary is exemplary.
And his verb is just perfect.
Verbige.
Well, he speaks proper grammar.
And I think the guy should be on the air.
I think he sure is how beats the crap out of that morning thing we got, you know?
Absolutely.
Well, the respect to D-fo.
Well, I'm not in this part of the 6 o'clock and I'm warning, I don't give a damn little talk about that.
Exactly.
You can read the rest of the paper, you know?
I'm not there about 7.3, but Jan did it on the thing.
And anyway, that's how I feel.
And I think George is just that he's great.
And he's more grooming him for his own show.
In fact, his replacement is a producer of this show sitting next to him right now, so he better groom real fast.
Well, get him going and Mad Dog in the afternoon.
I like him or two, but Mad Dog is one and a bit in, you know?
He is.
No one else could be as sick as he is and get away with it.
He's great.
I heard this was back a couple of weeks ago when I guess PLG made some changes with his dog.
and uh...
somebody had called up
and and accused mad dog of uh...
you know cow-telling down and not getting his true opinions on you know
sports in general
and uh... the hammer went nuts he said that i can take straight out mad dog
punch your teeth out because his integrity is so intact there you go
he believes in what he says and madman and interested in quick no because
i could just come back from the dentist uh... the day that he came here there you go
it anyway uh... yet that's why stand and uh...
for george okay
and uh... if you get the farmers are really love it you got it
thank you nearly a great that back to you and say goodbye already because
i have a real problem i am that lunch is like working its way back to me
mad
big time jp says he'll do the show he'll cover what okay
cover what the door
he'll he'll sit in for you
five six seven o five sixty pound five sixty by the way where's my
pneumatic drill
was not my was not really really reason that the cash for the body my
pneumatic drill
is my ratings get for the last reading book
so what are we gonna play here that i'm going to go and take a uh... i am
the
uh...
the place on the other side of the
all i know how long oh yeah
yeah
hmm
blows
i
months
You said, there's
a meaning.
I
yes

I'm the one who's on my own
Your name is Anor, the one who's on my own
I'm the one who's on my own
I'm the one who's on my own
I'm the one who's on my own
I'm the one who's on my own
I'm the one who's on my own
I'm the one who's on my own
I'm the one who's got a lot of love
I can't believe it
I can't believe it
I don't believe it and I'm going to say no sin
No trouble, no complication
No mercy, no mercy, no mercy
You're always with us, you're the one who can pay you to
Those who don't have the same name
You're the one who's on my own
You're the one who's on my own
I'm the one who's on my own
I'm the one who's on my own
I'm the one who's on my own
It's you
Oi
So you're back?
Yeah, I'm back.
1254 at 560 WQM and as a matter of fact, I would have been back a lot sooner.
I was thinking about what you were saying. I was on the way to the airport on Friday and heard you talking about my expertise.
And that's actually what that wants never again.
Oh, yeah.
Actually, I would have been back a lot sooner only. I thought I was all done.
I got up and now I don't think so. Maybe a few more seconds here just to complete the job.
You know what I'm talking about? I think you do.
560, 560, 05, 560 on the mobile one line.
At least here, it's like right down the hall.
Unlike the old IOD where you had to go all the way downstairs and oh my god, up three hills and over the amount and the grandma's house.
That was incredible.
And then if you were out of dimes, you really had a problem.
Here's a Pember Pine. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir.
Neo, I have a question for you.
Yes.
All these people call in and say how bad your show is.
Uh-huh. Why do they waste your time?
I mean, obviously they listen to people.
Well, how many people have called and said the show is bad?
I mean, uh...
What did the last guy said the George... or not last guy?
A couple of guys said the George would take everything.
You should be fine.
That's one of those little Julios, one of those little chronic that's just a caller that calls every day.
So his boyfriend's getting his voice on the ear.
Well, he's squeezing it, you know.
Are they all get off on that or something?
Yes, they get each other off on it, right?
We got a whole ring of those. Don't you aren't you aware of that, sir?
Oh, yes, I am.
We've got a ring of chronic Julios.
Not a cornice.
It's like some kind of disease or something.
Right. Your Ranges disease, they got it.
Well, thank you, Rances. I'm the pivot man for their little circle jerk.
Oh, well. I hope you're enjoying it.
I'm having a great time.
Well, I just want to say that you're doing an excellent job and keep up the good work.
God bless you, sir. Thank you.
That's right. If you don't like it, what are you listening for?
Of course, mostly we're talking about the rest of the station day,
because it's easier to take shots at them.
What's wrong with that?
No, seriously. If you want to take a shot at the show, be my guest.
If you want to tell me that we're talking about too much hockey on a show,
too much penis talk.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10, 60 course.
I haven't seen John penis lately because we need some copy for a couple of those accounts.
But there's a good guy that I've attended at John penis.
I worry about him a lot.
I mean, he does have a wife and kids and all that.
And then we've actually met them.
Not just pictures. We've met them in person.
But I wonder about him.
He's always stealing my back street boy CDs and was really scouring through the
Amarcrombian Fitch catalog yesterday.
I don't want to tell you which pictures he was looking at.
Thank you, A.M.
My daddy was on a tail.
Hey, what heads?
It's the one to do our.
There wasn't no farmer who was in Don't Hear I.
He said, I didn't know me.
Oh, just shaking his face.
That some boys who were down by the frick.
They're feeding the water.
Their hands on their marbles and play things and I had passed more.
Their team of young ladies, she looked like a pretty young creature.
She sat on the grass.
She pulled up her dress and she showed them her ruffles and laces and white fluffy dung.
She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children so they would not spend.
While the boys in the barnyard were shoveling Reptus and later from yesterday's hunt.
While the girls in the meadow was rubbing her eye that the fellow down by the dock.
It looked like a man with a side of a home in the country with a big fence out front.
If he asked her for lightly, she'd show him her little pet dog who was subject to bits.
And maybe she'd let him grab hold of her small tender hands with the movement so quick.
And then she'd bend over and suck out his candy.
So tasty made up but her sky.
And then he spread whipped cream all over her cookies that she has left out on her shelf.
If you think this is dirty, you can go for yourself.
103 at 560 WQ AM.
Oh god, Jim Manditch coming along for a hand-goat burger too to the end again tomorrow.
Hanks taken a whipping, a beating, a pummeling by this audience today.
They have no rock on us but they're just a rip of the pieces.
Speaking of a beating, a 47-year-old Catholic priest has been charged with satanizing a 21-year-old man at night point.
One quarea who police identified as a Byzantine Catholic church priest was taken into custody at 6.30pm Tuesday this home in the rampart area of Los Angeles.
Police say allegedly attacked the victim after inviting to his home to spend the night.
The victim told detectives he had recently arrived in the United States from Colombia.
And all yeah, of course, and was befriended by Kureo who offered him and a place to stay because he had little money.
Police said while entertaining the victim, Kureo pulled out a knife and forced him to engage in at least four acts of satanizing.
Not one, not one, not one, not those, not threes, but quattro, four acts of satanizing.
The alleged attack happened at his apartment on El Verrato Boulevard, an officer, Jason Lee told news, APB news.
The victim finally broke away and went to an area hospital for treatment.
Kureo has been charged with rape that is being held in Los Angeles County jail on $200,000 bail.
All right.
Proving like we've always said.
People's action in the church.
56670560.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
It's just a rumor by those awful atheist bastards.
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Nail.
Yes, sir.
Nail.
How come you got to radio on your loudspeaker?
Turn that stupid radio down, you jack.
Nail.
You in the show. Yes.
I just got out. I just came from.
Why is this? I got this came from Reds Bar.
Now, why has come the owner?
Well, why is the owner not the name is not red?
Yeah.
567, but I bet your rectum is 5670560 and pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
And you know who that is? That's the same guy with the bridge tender.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah, that's the one.
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
I love your show, man.
Uh-huh.
How long you been working on it?
Is it take two or three pounds of mushroom out to get this accent?
I sent it.
I love the show every morning. I listen to your show.
Uh-huh. And one thing, my review is that I'm talking about your...
I was just wondering without your...
I did it in your rectum.
Excuse me?
I said have a great day.
56670560.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Another one of your boyfriend.
Here's a mobile Induro B. Chelo.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
I'm coming to... I'm coming to Hank's defense.
Okay, go ahead. It's about time for...
All these listeners...
They're fashion Hank on mercifully today,
which is their favorite.
All these listeners, if they would ever they want about them.
Right.
But the bottom line is that he is the greatest case in escort,
so I've ever seen him in my life.
Right.
And that is the bottom line.
Maybe we might understand...
Maybe it's not about to it at time.
Maybe it's jealousy. You think that could be it?
Well, you know, I don't know if it's jealousy,
but I'm friends with his mad and buzman,
so you know, I know a little bit about it.
But he does have impeccable taste.
Absolutely 100%.
Okay.
Love you, Chef.
I'm buying that, and he's buying it too.
560-560-050560 on the AT.
Well, he makes no bones about that, and why should he?
What's wrong with that?
What's wrong with paying for it if it's good?
Of course, I'm just getting it for free.
Well, you can get it for free while you do pay for it.
Here's a mobile-in-fort Lauderdale.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Neil, how are you?
Great.
I've been a long time listener,
and I really like what you do there,
because I think you're the only guy that have the balls to tell it like it is.
But I'm calling for the first time,
because I want to critique one item of your show.
Go right ahead.
You're extremely entertaining, and when you get going,
you sometimes get callers that come in and disagree with you,
and that's when it gets really entertaining.
And I think you hang up on them too quick.
Yeah.
And I just wanted to get your take on that.
Why?
Take on it?
Yeah, why you do that?
I don't hang up on anybody, unless number one,
they're obnoxious and want to abuse me,
which I don't take any crap from anybody,
or number two, if they're just assholes.
I mean, you know, I don't mind having a, in fact,
I enjoy the people that disagree if you could have a conversation with them.
Well, they say something that's patently ridiculous,
like she took a bullet for Jesus.
I mean, how much debate can I have with that?
What is there to do with a caller like that?
No, that's ridiculous.
I'm not like that.
I'm not like that.
I'm not like that.
I'm not like that.
I'm very reasonable.
Again, I like what you do, but I agree that sometimes you hang up a little too early on callers that just agree with you.
No.
You don't agree with that.
No.
Maybe I'll keep a closer with tab on it.
Okay, I appreciate that.
I'll give my timer out.
All right, take it easy.
Okay, see you.
So you have willing to listen to all stuff today, of course, after today, that's the end of that.
56670560, 0.560 on the AT&T wireless one.
Isn't this beautiful having an emotional ceremony here?
Cory Sabin is here to say goodbye.
We love this beautiful one.
Oh, yes, we do.
Even though you're a bald-headed Jew.
Not yet, exactly.
Oh, yeah, you're getting there.
You're right, though, from the front nobody can tell.
Don't tell anybody they've got a bald spot in the back, okay?
Yeah, we'll stay away from this behind, okay?
I tried to get Charles off here to support me, but we'll work on it.
Yeah.
So this is Cory Sabin's last day at WQAM.
The last time he'll be sitting in there from 2-0-2-20 trying to find out where to hang his, who's taking a brutal beating, by the way, from the audience today.
I think it's because he's left your hanging in the lurch all that time.
I'm not going to try.
Go ahead and defend him.
He's a great guy.
I love him.
He's terrific.
He gets you laid all the time.
Sure, some of those days.
Believe it or not, it doesn't matter what you say anymore.
You know what?
Yeah, that's right.
You're leaving.
So go ahead and tell him, what happened?
The air just came back on, by the way.
It's a miracle.
Could you feel it?
No.
So it's a guards by the way, guys.
I appreciate it.
Now where did we get those to guards?
Are those from the VIX?
Yeah.
I got those at NIX because now you know they're really going to be good.
Yes, I will have them on before you leave.
Yes, you may.
Okay.
I'm going to go to the public.
Sometimes people come over to me and be like, oh, your quarry is saving.
Hank, oh, he trashes you.
You're the guy.
And I'm like, you know what?
We have a good relationship.
He's a nice guy.
And Ty, I have to be an ask that question.
You know, people say that to me.
He's a super guy.
Really.
Off the air.
He's totally different than he is on the air with Joe and Plantations.
Just a radio show.
It's a radio show.
It's a radio show.
It's just a freaking radio show.
That's what I've been trying to tell him.
And he still think I'm an asshole.
What if they, you know?
So anyway.
Is that all you're doing?
That's it.
I don't know.
I thought this was a set up for something big.
You bring them up nice boxes of cars, which is very nice.
There has to be something more coming in this.
Well, there's going to be the gay sex later on after the show.
Yeah.
Or he also gets a big black.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
And the black penis, too.
And I'll forget about that.
That'll go over bigger for Myers, by the way.
That'll go over very big and for Myers with those old ladies since we know you're like a mold.
And I'm going to miss George showing me the pictures during my updates.
Yeah.
You know, maybe he can come to Fort Myers and show those to me before I get on the air.
Now, you're not really taking that away from us.
No, I'm thinking that's what I'm going to be like.
I don't want to touch it, actually, because for weeks when through a conversation,
the rumor is that that has to stay in the building.
I don't want to say who's orphans.
It's a big touch of the life.
Yeah, I know that's been touched a lot.
That's why it's wobbling.
I'll move it around by itself.
It is sticky.
So Cory Sabin's going to be on Channel 4 News in Fort Myers.
You're not aware of it, I guess.
Have you been over there?
Yes, I was over there Sunday.
But I mean, did you turn on the radio station on 770?
Yes, yes I did.
And you noticed that if you stay within about a five mile radius, it comes in loud and clear.
It comes in great.
You'll feel like right at home.
It comes in great.
I hear everybody I was listening to a Jean in Heff on Sunday over in Fort Myers.
Yeah, what is that?
That's a...
Yeah.
So we can show you a day of confidence.
Sounds like a Fort Myers is to me.
Even in Heff, uh-huh.
But I can...
Yeah.
You're going to do art.
You understand you have to learn to pick your nose on air, even though you're going to be on camera on TV.
They take to that.
You know, if you come out like this day.
Hey, I'm Cory Sabin, like with just a little finger in your right nostril at the beginning, they'll cotton you right away.
I've got a...
I can't drive around and pick my nose anymore.
I mean, now people recognize me.
Yeah, that's true.
I'm glad you mentioned that because on a way home or VDI, I do clean my nose out thoroughly.
And every now and then I look over and left handly and they're looking at me.
I think, geez, it's embarrassing when they know who you are.
It is.
If you're anonymous, see there's nothing like anonymity.
This is true.
Now that you're going to be on television, you're losing your anonymity forever.
This is true.
No longer can I go to the supermarket and buy, you know, bottle of wine and just go home and go to the supermarket.
And drink my wine and water.
He'll be legendary and Fort Myers.
Oh, that's incredible.
Make no mistake about it.
That's incredible to me.
Incredible.
Yeah.
Okay, good luck, Cory.
Hey, thanks.
And don't smoke them all in one place.
No, let me get in.
And take the cigars, leave the penis.
Yeah, definitely.
Okay.
Okay, Cory Sabin is on his way.
Isn't that something?
Let's hear it for somebody that's getting out of the...
He's here for Cory.
He's here for Cory.
He's here for Cory.
He's here for Cory.
He's here for Cory.
He's here for Cory.
He's here for Cory.
He's here for Cory.
He's here for Cory.
I'm sorry for the braitings, but he must have been at a
permanent and no more going on in the tank.
56670560, pond 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
What do they do?
Actually, he could like one of those up in here.
What are they going to do, farm?
Here's a mobile infillator deal.
Hello?
Yeah, and yeah, how you doing?
Pretty good, sir?
I was...
I had something to say about Hank.
I was...
Go right ahead.
I was at the track, you know, couple months ago, call stream.
And he was nice enough to take a picture with my friend and I,
me and Andy Rothman and I called up Hank yesterday and I wanted to send him the picture because
it was at a time when he was probably heavier than he is now and it would make for good
comparison.
He lost a lot of weight, right?
Because he lost a lot of weight and I thought he liked it and he made some wise ass comments
to me and it just confirmed my suspicion that he's just an old bitter jealous, unmitigated
pompous ass.
And his arrogance, especially the poor Saul and Tamarack, an 80-year-old man who probably
hung on for 30 minutes to get one word in with Hank who's probably like an idol to him
because Hank's kind of up there and in his age category and remembers all those kind of
old things that Hank knows about from when his dad was a sports writer and all that
stuff.
And he'd hang up on the guy and probably gave the guy nearly a heart attack and scoffed
at him just and merely dismissed him like his point was absolutely meaningless because
if this guy doesn't make his question so narrowly tailored and perfectly stated like he's
some ESPN correspondent, that unmitigated pompous ass hangs right up on him.
That's incredible to me.
Incredible.
Yeah, okay.
I got you down and Hank says for you, five six, what are just hostile with a hammer?
You know that's how it is.
They're fickle they come and they go.
I guess if they gave him a good tip of the track, they'd, oh he's the best.
You know, five six seven, oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T line.
Look at this.
Oh, this is a, but a big predominantly reserve.
What which ones are these?
What number of real ones in a box?
No, I understand, but this is a big one.
He's not the little predominantly reserve X. These are like double X or triple X, whatever
these are.
Wow.
Oh, he gave you one too?
Don't give too many of more way, Cory.
Okay, we spent an arm and five legs on these.
I thought there was going to be something more than that.
I mean, that was, I was stalling for time like waiting for the big deal.
I thought it was just to distract him so that we could get the, you know, the package
out in front of him.
Get the package out?
I thought the package was getting out in front of me, but I noticed it's gone.
Here's the soft bee.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Neil, how are you doing?
Great.
Down to Miami, you know, like five, six times a year.
And you know, you know, you're so much better than how it's turned and, and I'm a, I mean,
I don't know why he's a dead man in a chair.
So it's better to be better than I am.
He's so burnt out.
I mean, he should take him off.
He's really going to put you in his bed.
I'm going to tell you if his brother Fred ever sold that ranch and, you know, and they
didn't have that to talk about.
I don't know what he would talk about.
Exactly.
I'm sitting there with a channel surfing every morning of my life and I stopped by an
MSNBC for like 20 seconds and you know, here's Fred on the phone from the ranch and I'm
thinking to myself, well, who the hell cares about this?
And evidently, a lot of people must.
I don't know why.
I don't know why he's here.
I miss when he used to be funny when he was great.
Yeah.
I mean, you guys feel burnt out now.
Yeah.
You guys need to go out and join his brother in Arizona.
It goes to show you though that the more burnt out you are, the more money you're making.
Yeah.
Maybe for me.
Yeah.
Any of you remember that thing you used to play in January about lotion in the basket?
Right.
Can you play that?
Yes, I can.
So funny.
God bless you.
And I'll talk to you next time I'm down.
Okay.
Bye-bye.
Give I'm a kiss for it.
I'm those steel cold lips.
Well, I pour I'm a she know he's making millions and millions and millions and he still
looks like a dead man.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
If you tune in late today, you missed the bad news about the QAM ratings that went
in a little crapper.
This is the last trend.
I realize it's only the month of April.
It's February, March and April, but it was a disaster month.
It was a precipitously horrendous grotesque month.
The month was so bad that Blufflin, the program director, had a he had a refund the $200
to Greg Reed for the employee of the month award.
He got last month of the great rating book that we just had the record-ready breaking
ratings because these were so bad.
I mean, they were so bad like you couldn't believe how bad.
A gigantic precipitously dropped and the guy was right.
The one guy before, the snowbirds, they're all gone.
My crowd half of them take off.
You don't seem again to October at the earliest, maybe November.
And if I dare mention the H word, Mahaki season rolls around again, that's my crowd.
Those people will be back.
I see him at the Macarena.
Those are my people.
You know, the ones that were going, and talking to each other on their cell phones, that's
my crowd.
Here's a Westchester.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I'm the all right.
Okay, Kimberly here.
Hello.
There you go.
Uh-huh.
Okay.
Long time first time, a Goiom Hulu here in Westchester.
All right.
Anyways, I haven't listened to the show today, but I like, you know, I would be, I heard
it like it's like day-week or in Disney World, and the Christians wanted to like put a
show, like to call everybody back, like call the gates back.
I was just wondering like, call them back.
What would be exactly?
I don't know.
This is like the report, like, you know, like trying to, like get gates to come back,
straighten them out.
I'll come back to the Kingdom of Heaven.
Yes, I was the match.
And maybe I'm like a bullet for Christ.
Exactly.
I was thinking like, what are they going to have like a man in a woman having sex and
I go, come back to the head of a sexuality.
We're not just missionary position anymore.
Right.
Or something.
And they can have like a big fist, is there something?
I have a go to the head of a time.
I just found it at the time.
I just found it at the time.
But no, that was basically, I mean, if you've heard of that or saw, I would be
a hurt whatever.
No, I don't listen to IOD because you know how I feel about that.
W-I-O-D-E-O-I hate that.
Yeah.
Well, anyways, keep up.
You're there.
Everything you're doing.
And can I call a person a douchebag?
Go right ahead, sir.
Anything you like.
Fernando Amir is your big architect douchebag.
All right.
Thanks.
See you, pal.
See you, pal.
Hey, by the way, speaking of pal, you haven't seen him today.
Thank God.
That's why I'm in such a good mood.
You know what I'm talking about?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
The one with the fat kids.
And pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
I think that's a real good topic.
But I know a lot of you are too embarrassed to ever talk about that.
Parents let their kids get real fat.
And I'm sure you've noticed that fat people have fat kids.
I mean, that's a generalization.
There are some exceptions.
But generally speaking, when there's tons of food being eaten in the house,
the kids are sharing.
Everybody's sitting just shoveling it down around the clock.
And I think that those people ought to be immediately sterilized.
I mean, better now than in the later.
So they can't reproduce anymore and make any more fat kids.
Who are going to be miserable and sick and diseased in the hate themselves.
And not be able to look at themselves naked in the mirror.
Yeah, Cory Sabin's going to four Myers and we have a call.
And four Myers, they can't wait for him.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You guys got a good show.
It's a terrific show.
I enjoy listening to it every day.
The best damn thing going in four Myers, I'll tell you that.
It is.
Next to that Stooky's rest up.
Know the stoop from me on that kid.
I have a couple of comments and a question.
Yes, sir.
Firstly, on the girl who took the bullet for Jesus.
Yes.
Got nothing to do with the guy who killed her or the girl herself.
But has everything to do with the way in which some of these Christian jerks use even the most tragic of events.
Right.
To draw ridiculous conclusions.
Absolutely correct.
Sir.
Second, you know, a long time ago you were talking about beautiful men.
Did you have Montgomery Christ on that list?
Somebody mentioned him, yeah.
How about the young, who's the English actor, the great English actor, became a lord and died?
Jack Lord.
No, no, you know, the classic English.
When he was young.
The classic Rex Harrison, Lord's Olivier.
Lord's Olivier.
Well, he was a...
He was young guy.
Yeah, he was also a f***ing...
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Maybe that's why he was so pretty.
I don't found that old, I can remember what he was young.
To me, Lord's Olivier was always old.
Some of the young pictures of him in the 30s, but not he.
So he's a beautiful guy.
Uh-huh.
I'm going to be growing as a August in a couple weeks.
Can you give me a couple of good restaurants?
Try Emeralds.
Emeralds.
Emeralds in the MGM, Emerald Spish House?
Yeah.
So you're doing up on Ruth Christ?
No, and Ruth Christ, I was going to be number two.
Okay.
There's two of them in town.
One's even open for lunch, by the way.
The one I think on Sahara.
It's open for lunch.
Good.
So Emeralds and Ruth Christ...
And if you had a chance, you wouldn't get lucky and win like $2,700, you're welcome.
Emeralds, have a good time.
Okay.
$5,670, $560, $560, on the AT&T wireless line.
We're moving along, punching our brains out here today.
What's wrong with losing a little bit of money?
What's wrong with two, three grand among friends?
Of course, somebody told me I could have spent that $2,700 better state in town, had a better time with it.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Okay, great.
Yes, see, I actually have like $10,000,000 sitting in the bank.
And I just come in here every day because I love this.
I love these people, you know?
I come in because I'm anxious to talk to retards 24 hours a day of my life.
$5,670, $560, $560, on the AT&T wireless line.
But on the 10th and the 25th boy, that's when it becomes really well worthwhile.
Here's the lady in Boca.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Daniel, how you doing?
Great.
Long time no first time caller.
All right.
Colin, about your lineup.
I listen to you.
You're great.
You're awesome.
You're so entertaining.
Keep me last in all morning.
But there's really nothing else on the station that I listened to.
I miss the days when you worked with still Henry at IOD and, you know, it was really entertaining then.
There's only one other guy I listened to.
And he's on a different station, 1580.
Who's that?
Bone in the afternoons on 1580.
Bone in the afternoon?
Yeah.
I'm 1580.
Yeah.
He's entertaining.
He's fun to listen to.
It keeps me laughing in the afternoon.
I mean, there's nothing open.
There's nothing open.
Mm-hmm.
Uh-huh.
Circle.
Uh-huh.
Hello.
There's nothing wrong with a little bone in the afternoon that's where I'll always
should.
Yeah, same as Steve Bone.
Okay.
Thanks for the good news and thanks for the free plug for the bone man.
567-0560, 0.560 on the 18th.
And of course, when you work at WSRF, that's generally what you get is the big bone.
26 past 1 is 560.
QA, why not take it?
Fucking blow!
I'll be back, kids.
Oh, I got a goat.
I'll have my pants.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
I've been here!
I've been here!
Look, look!
It's busy right now!
Look, look, look!
Oh!
Oh!
Finally!
Finally!
Finally!
Now, buddy!
We're just way to minute use.
Oh!
Oh, that was smooth.
Oh, pandas!
Oh, shit, it's a no.
Can you see any of these?
Wait, wait, wait, this is a foot there.
Stop it!
You're coming!
Peanut butter and jelly.
Okay, 131 is 560 WQAM, 560-0560, 0.560.
On the AT&T wireless line.
I know that the rating, the drop-in ratings, was a very traumatic experience, but we are going
to have to have an investigation and see who did drill a glory hole in our install out there.
I forgot to mention that when I came back from my experience.
Here's a call from Denver.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Neil, how are you doing?
I missed you guys down there.
There's no talk radio here in Denver, Colorado.
Yeah.
But, you know what?
I thought the floor had the worst drivers.
I take that back.
Really?
Denver is the worst drivers in the world.
Worst than here?
It's just out in traffic out here that I didn't floor it at.
It's probably that high air.
You know, down here, they're all high on something else, but maybe it's just an actual air out there that does it.
No, I mean, they're all high out here.
They drive and it's like, they're in La La land.
You know?
They're like, okay, there goes a mountain.
But, what's the thing on the audio net?
Yeah.
And it's good.
I got the week off, so I'm like, I'll listen to Neil all week.
Great, excellent.
Hey, can I do a, um, call them with a dish bag.
Go right ahead, pal.
Reward parts to partner.
And whatever you do, by the way, don't take a bullet for Christ.
Not out here.
Okay, hang in there.
Right now.
Call from Denver, no, it's how do you like that?
I love it.
It's in Denver.
Like, I told you that they love us out of town.
In town, let me know.
It's old and stale, but out of town.
They love me.
By the way, we didn't mention on here that in Cory Sabin's boxes of cars, we put something extra.
Which I don't want to mention was in there.
From our goods, you're making friends here across the street.
D-liciously different, marijuana-fliciously different, marijuana.
All right.
I'm going to tell you something.
If they're, you know, we're in the middle of the Jamaican, I just got a great programming idea,
because knowing how cheap these bastards are, they won't get us any TV spots,
many billboards, any real promotion.
Some of them do.
We'll compete with the FM.
They're giving away money.
We'll give away free weed.
Oh, that.
We'll be number one, 18 to 34, body and the June.
I guarantee you that right now.
We'll just get a big ad in both newspapers, free weed for everybody.
I mean, don't smoke it against the law.
But we got it here.
Okay. What you do after you leave the building, that's up to you.
Jason just came in and raised his hand.
Oh, we already have some.
Okay.
Hey, he's been hanging around in the hood.
You know, I was ready to find it.
One of the benefits of being in there is like several benefits of being in this neighborhood.
One is our good friend, Chuck, over at the sub-center.
And two is all our goods you're making for him.
You know what the good stuff is.
They roll them up into a hero every morning.
5667-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Pember Pine.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
First I just want to say that all high school wrestlers and all high school wrestling coaches are baggots.
This sounds like somebody I know.
Well, we don't know each other yet.
Okay.
I just want to warn you, sir, that guy that brings you staff during the Panther games, that guy's a loony.
Really?
Be careful, man.
That guy's a wacko.
When he starts giving you stats, and you just stay with him, you know, you just want to be a little bit more careful.
And then you just stay away from him.
Okay.
And, man, I call someone a douchebag.
I think he might know Rimmer too, so he's probably real dangerous.
Oh, man, I call someone a douchebag.
Go ahead.
John Roberts, you're a douchebag.
Okay, pal.
5667-0560, it's thinning out here, which is really a very disappointing.
Because we got really the answers today.
We were looking for some real meat and potatoes here.
And all they've done is rip fat hank.
They ripped him in ass.
They ripped him from stem to...
Correct him.
Wow.
And listen, you know, I like hank, but I mean, it's a free country.
That's what I'm here to do today is take a little survey and find out what the problem is
why everybody's crapping out.
I think it's that format.
I think when you're running like nine minutes breaks over and over again.
Of course, since the sales department runs a radio station,
well, you'll never guess who I ran into the hall when I went to take a...
Wow, appropriately enough, by the way.
Ray Perry.
I haven't seen our new, one of our 25 sales managers.
I haven't seen him in months, in ages, in a coons age, if I can say that.
Can I say that?
No.
I haven't seen him in a coons age.
And I say, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh.
Like, he just barely remembers who I am.
See, maybe that's one of the reasons that our sales thing is like so totally out of control right now
because he's a nice guy, but does anybody have any respect for him or any paying attention to what he says?
No.
And I think he discovered that about the second or third day that he would have no backing for management.
And no matter what he said to any of these people, they would just go like that, you know, like tutoring off into the...
It would work.
And so he's like another very important guy around this place.
Kind of like our PG.
Good guy, but totally impotent in his little tiny office in there.
Or seriously, it's depressing to me.
You walk by, it's like somebody is trying to give him a message.
Do you know what I mean?
By putting him in a little tiny room, a little tiny desk, and making him feel small and tiny.
All of the facts we got before said just the opposite.
Here's a mobile in the Parine.
Hello.
New.
Yes, sir.
First time call a long time listener.
I saw a listener, he back when, back in the Rick and Suss said, I got you down.
Right.
Was that Rick and Suss said that?
Was it Rick and Suss?
Yeah, I think so.
I think the Rick and Suss.
Uh-huh.
Anyway, Neil, you're the greatest.
If you're giving out marijuana, I'm the first one in line, dude.
All right.
Second of all, I think we want to make big signs that Suss is, smoke or joy for Jesus.
Excellent.
I like that.
There you go.
That's going to be on our on a Blisens play tonight.
Next year.
There you go.
Furniture Roots for God.
Burn a number for God.
There you go.
Later, man, you're the best.
All right.
Burn a fag for God.
Oh, sorry.
That's a good idea.
Instead of taking bullet, take a hit for Jesus.
Take a hit for Jesus.
All right.
Take a hit for Jesus.
Five, six, or like I did, take a, sometimes it sounds like hit for Jesus.
The line is forming outside the door for the free.
They're all lined up for the free weed, by the way, out here.
Yeah.
And wouldn't you know that he'd have his yellow head in the door for you?
By the way, do you get your book time here?
Yeah.
I think you did.
Well, I was a good excuse for me to get back in there.
I'm going to see him anyway.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60 pound five.
Hey, listen, I'm not shy about it.
You know what I mean?
That's the way it is.
If you looked at it good, you have to pay the price.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60 pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
All I want to know is if I looked at good, but I stand at home looking in the mirror all day, squeezing myself.
I think I probably would.
That's what I would do.
I would just stand there and stare in the mirror and squeeze it all day.
You know, get myself all worked up.
Of course, when you look like me, you avoid the mirror at all costs.
Like Dracula.
Just walk by real quick.
Especially after you hop out of the shower.
Oh, geez.
Yeah.
Here's a lady mobile in Miami Lake.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, man.
How are you doing?
Great.
I'm Collar, but a long time listener also.
Great.
Actually, what I'm calling about today was, have you been following on the news that House of Filth in Hylia?
The what?
The House of Filth.
No.
No.
There's the daughter of the ambassador or whatever council general.
She was a member of the council of Mexico, the retired one, who was living in a house with three children.
She got arrested on Tuesday.
She's on welfare, Medicaid, food stamps, social security, disability, everything else.
She was Mexican.
She's Mexican Cuban.
Oh, Mexican Cuban.
Yeah.
Her father was the council general of Mexico to Miami.
Yeah.
But she's got a little Cuban in her.
Yeah.
Her mother's Cuban.
Right.
And living there's over a foot of Filth in the house.
There's field wraps.
There's 20 cats.
There's maggots.
Yeah.
Yes, mage or mage or oinkoink?
But the worst part of this entire case is that HRS has been out there 12 times in the last 14 months.
Yeah.
But because she comes from some sort of money, lives in 190,000 homes.
It's okay to live by that.
Right.
Kind of can somebody that doesn't get an interest in this case and follow through and see, you know, I understand they fired in me.
I'm going to be the block for her not being able to do her job.
When does the buck stop here and somebody starts to do their job?
Right.
What are you going to do your job?
Okay, and if Victor is Mexican Cubans from our midst, these gorillas in our midst.
These wages, mothers, who are living up here in my tax money.
Right.
Do you work for?
Amen.
F&A.
Yeah, let's get them on.
I'm going to get on it right away.
As soon as I leave here, I'm getting right on it.
I'm sure I can just put them on.
I'm going to follow my nod tools right to it.
Okay.
Thanks for your hard stuff.
That's it.
Oh, she sounded depressed like it.
Did she really expect I was going to do something about it?
Okay.
Okay, I'll get right on it, honey.
We'll get our big Vast staff here at QAM right on it.
Okay.
Big staff of Ombudsman.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
You want to know what it is, but it's moving.
Are you?
I'm Aaron Schummer.
You know what?
You got me talking on the pension phone.
Tell me the story about how you got flown.
I got you down.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Holy cow.
Yes.
Oh, ho.
I'll tell you once more before I hang up the phone.
I got you down.
All right.
The lines are jammed up.
Yeah, there isn't a doubt.
Call up and tell me what it's all about.
I got you down.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Holy cow.
Oh, ho, ho.
I'll tell you once more before I hang up the phone.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
Here on this show, there's a new topic each night.
Who do you have sex with with a black or blue thing?
What is?
I got you down.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Holy cow.
I'll tell you once more before I hang up the phone.
I got you down.
145 at 550 WQM.
Here's a fact from a Vick who goes on and on.
He's going to read it because of the vicious rip job on.
You guessed it.
Just another one.
That was funny.
Wishes.
Rip jobs.
Okay, Vick, whatever you say.
By the way, the rumor is that Bruce Beasley of the Beasley Broadcasting Company is in the building right now.
Are we concerned about that?
No.
But of course, the short enough that the overreact here, we just had the biggest book in history of the station.
And now we have one bad trend that I have a feeling we are going to have that management change I was referring to before.
I'm talking about.
Don't forget that bumper sticker.
It says life is short.
Don't be a dick.
Greatest bumper sticker in the history of the human race.
Here's a fact that's not bad either.
It says it's time to finish what the Romans started two thousand years ago.
Feed all the Christians to the lions and let's make science the new religion.
Ow!
Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Hey, how are you doing?
Great.
Listen.
Any chance you extended your hours from nine to three and then two?
No.
No, no chance?
Not even 201.
I need you out at 11 two more hours in my day so I can, you know, make my day go.
No.
No chance?
No.
No.
Listen, I have another idiotic story today.
I saw a pretty bad car accident.
Yeah.
And I called my one one and I said, lady, it's all pines boulevard in 68th Avenue.
She says, is it pines boulevard or Hollywood boulevard?
I go, it's pines boulevard.
Well, let me connect you over to Hollywood dispatch.
Hollywood gets on the phone.
It says, so it's the accident.
I go, pines boulevard in 68th Avenue.
She goes, is it Hollywood boulevard or pines boulevard?
I go, Jesus Christmast, guys, it's pines boulevard in 68th Avenue.
Yeah.
Okay, let me give you back the pines.
So I snap and before you know it, like, six cities were there.
Mm-hmm.
No one's going on.
And what were you guys talking about before about the big war winds that hooked it
left?
567-0560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile and delirate B, Chilla.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Okay, sir.
Well, I'm definitely not a crossover listener.
As soon as two o'clock comes, I'm gone.
But I will listen to mad dogs.
In fact, ever since I sort of listened to you back in the old IODV,
you've just turned the sound off and listened to the radio just to hear mad dogs do the
developing games.
All right.
But as far as the book, your own station is trying to get out of the Marlins games.
I mean, you know, they suck on the radio.
Yeah, but the war winds aren't on.
I mean, what's it a great while we have a Marlins game on the middle of the day?
In fact, you know what's next?
Let me stop and think about that.
Now that I think about it, back in a month of April, I think we had a couple of those.
Didn't we have some, yeah.
Spring training.
They were doing the stupid spring training.
Yeah, the regular season started April 1, I think.
But we also had a couple, at least a couple of daytime Marlins games.
And the pre-game stuff?
Yeah.
Didn't help any.
I'll guarantee you that.
Rominal.
Right.
Yeah, Coleman and Ducing.
Anyhow, I like Rimmer.
Just to show you all over the place.
Okay, I'll mark you down.
I got a fresh, wide open column for that.
Thank you.
Thank you a lot.
Five six, that's the first mark.
Five six seven, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless.
I forgot about those great Marlin exhibition games and then the regular season games.
And the ones that started the 1230 we had to bail out of here.
I'm not trying to pass the buck because believe me, there's no Marlin games on a morning show.
So the fact that we had this tremendous, the whole audience disappeared in April.
Either it's the snowboard factor or everybody just got tired of that format.
Or else everybody just decided they hate us like poison.
Any of that's anything above you like.
Or maybe it's just, thanks Paul, like everybody says.
Here's a Miami Lakes.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi, Neil.
First time caller, month I'm listening.
Yes, sir.
And I would like to say that I enjoy your show every day listening to you.
And I want you to keep up the good work.
Yes.
And I want to do a very quick for me.
Father or tool.
Okay.
And sir.
Yes, sir.
Can I call somebody a douchebag?
Yes.
Bob Mahalek from United Terrible Technologies.
Your Nathole.
Okay.
Thank you so much.
5.670560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line Jim Mad Dog Mandage is going to be saying things like.
Oh my God, your breath.
That's beautiful.
You'll be here at 2 o'clock for Lynn for a hank.
And again, tomorrow's a matter.
Fact hangs up there in New York for the Belmont.
We'll be talking to Dave Johnson tomorrow from the Belmont with our usual pre-trible crown race
analization for about two or three minutes, in which I'll show that I know nothing about it.
And Dave will pretty much, well, Dave knows this stuff, you know.
He just had kind of a bad streak for the last about 10, 15 years picking him.
Here's a mobile and four-letter deal.
Hello.
Yeah, well, me, how you doing?
Pretty good.
Fanon Show.
Let me just say, someone who is an X state champ and an X national champ in wrestling.
Right.
I can't put up with you guys with that talk anymore.
I mean, I just got one thing to say.
Please, knock it off.
You know, it's always the guys who are the last ones to come out of the closet who protest that loudly, you know.
That's what Jesse DeBotte Ventura wrote in his book too about the fact that he was one of the three or four straight guys in the sport.
And we're not too sure about him.
We're not completely positive about him.
Well, he said that he had a lot of activities that he didn't write about in there all over.
Yeah, the life, you know.
We do know that five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T world of time.
I mean, what's wrong with that?
You know, the side of a bunch of couple of guys rolling around and tights, grabbing each other, pressing their privates up against the back of each other against the nape of the neck.
Your bag, that might.
No, I'm not pressing my bag up against that.
Here's a pompano.
Hello.
Yeah, sir.
I didn't think I would get you before you.
Yes, you're right here.
I've just finished rolling my seventh joint.
Oh!
And my wife is away at work.
Yeah.
And I'm off and I'm rolling joints.
Uh-huh.
That's the good part.
Now, here's the bad part.
The 11th of the year for 20 years, not 15, 20 goddamn years since I came back from the Bahamas.
Oh, yeah.
And I have challenged you every few years to something which you always die.
And aside from the fact that I die, I don't drive it, I drive a Corvette.
I do have a Corvette.
But aside from that, I listen to regularly and you know, you just...
Yeah.
You're incredible.
But when it comes down, the push comes the shove always sluff me off.
Here's the challenge.
Okay.
Ready?
I'm ready. Let's get to it, sir. It's only a four-hour show.
I know that.
I know that.
Yeah.
I got six joints rolled.
Yeah, huh.
Sounds like it.
Yeah.
It's all off at the Rascal House.
No, I won't go to the Rascal House.
That terrible place.
That's the way you always get around it.
No.
And my...
No, the answer is no.
Challenge this.
Same tired old material.
He's been calling me for 100 years without saying, well, get something new, pal.
And by the way, they only smoke the weed at the Rascal House.
So stay at home.
You'll have a much better time and probably a better meal and I'm sure a better service.
Eight minutes before 2 at 5.60 QA.
And we want to...
