16WQAM Miami-Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil called 56670560 toll-free for date and brarrad or pound 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show to not necessarily reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions or the easily broadcast group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560QAM. What a suck up, John that was.
I'll get you a f***ing blow!
We're hiding our latency. One thing is for sure we gain many joy.
What a suck up job that was.
Right business. I saw that spot on TV yesterday.
We're going to have to go out to restaurants because you'll never leave the house.
What kind of balloon-ticks these people are?
Oh, yeah, there we go. Oh, Jesus, look at that. I wonder what smelt in here.
Wow. And we're advertising this stuff. Oh, yeah. Oil-tea discharge, loose stools and inability to control your stools.
You might lose some weight. Isn't that great? You lose some weight. And just grab your brains out.
Sounds very delightful to me. What a way to go. WQAM.
QAM. Yes, yes. I mean, really discharge the guy who called in cells and he doesn't take him.
Okay. Oh, I should've asked him what he'd take it because I know he would say no.
No, he just wanted to make sure that we understand. He sells it but he ain't going to take it.
I like it. I like it already. I'm going to start taking it when I come back from vacation. I'm going to take it.
No, seriously. You better get ready to fill in and get a lot of that music ready.
Oh, gee, there he goes again. Well, he can't help it. He's got to lose some weight. I can't do it. No, it's not doing it because I can't do the acting. Sorry. I can't do it.
So can tear all this weight crap. Like I said, just to give me some food. Oh, there. I got to go to mommy's God damn it.
No, I couldn't if I ate one bit right now. Just at that point, I'm like at that right on the edge. I don't know from what went on the edge.
Maybe from normal camp. Maybe that's what it is. I really don't know what they're going to go in it because I had all this stuff I was going to talk about today. I'm not going to do it.
I'm not going to do it. I'm going to spend my entire time. I just did do a four hour monologue today. I might as well anyway.
The way things were yesterday yesterday. We discovered that there were little green men just landed in Jupiter, not Jupiter the planet, but Jupiter in Florida.
And a guy calls up to tell me that he was thinking about me this weekend because his wife made baked pasta.
You know, pal, I was thinking about you this morning. I was on the throne. I was thinking about that call and it helped a lot too, by the way, even without the Zeneca.
I had a little oily a problem there myself. I'll be discharged. This is about that call because you know that baked pasta.
Absolutely correct. Run through you like a like an H-both.
Big pasta. Oh, I do like it. Like heavy on the cheese.
Yeah, we have a little bit of a problem, boys and girls. In case you had noticed with our center one situation here. In fact, this year it's been a real serious pain in the old.
Correct. I can oily discharge.
Now, I think that's a good comparison. I think that the center one, the whole involvement this year has been just like an oily discharge.
Maybe that's what we ought to give the campaign an oily discharge.
Huh? I don't know what to do. I don't know what to scream or even an an today.
And I called up my close personal friend, Norma Kent, who's the one that got me involved with center one in the first place about four years ago, whenever it was.
And we have, see, I'm the one that's on the radio. 23 years in this town have tried to build up and I know it's a very evil word in this station.
They have, it's not in a vocabulary. Credibility.
Oh, well, don't you want to do this spot? No, they suck. Yeah, but if they want to pay us some money.
And that's pretty much with all sales people, but here it's our specialty. Here they've taken it to a new level.
As long as you're willing to put, pay out of money. We'll put anything on here.
We're spots intensive. We're writing business. Of course, when you got a sales department, they're all on straight commission.
They don't care about your credibility. I'll let care about writing business.
And Norma, Kent, does he care about my credibility? No, he's too busy going to the way I name heat games.
He don't have time to worry about crap like this.
About whether anybody's getting their phone calls or return or getting their merchandise sent to them or anybody can get a hold of anyone.
In fact, it's so bad that even he this morning calls George.
We'll want to talk to me because I'm going to scream at him.
Call George just before the show to tell him he can't get around anybody this. I said I want to call him back.
But he's still trying to get to the bottom of this.
He can't get a hold of anybody there.
We went through the first part that you enjoyed so much with the FOGA CDs, the Faulty CD, and the sad part of it is that specs has been great.
I apologize not just to the audience, but especially to specs. They've been wonderful.
And we screwed that all up too.
Anyway, to be continued.
How about just give me two or three Zeneca.
Come on.
Then I can get out of here for a few hours.
10 past 10 at 560 WQM.
No portion of this broadcast may be reproduced without the express written permission of WQAM.
Be free acquisition.
And I mentioned this.
Oh my god.
Just to spend this thing that I was going to play here.
Lawrence Phillips got suspended.
How come we haven't heard from that guy?
That's always calm.
Suck it up about Lawrence Phillips.
Running back in.
I can't read the facts.
Look at this facts I get.
It's all schmootsy.
Real dark.
Kind of like Lawrence Phillips.
Running back in Lawrence Phillips suspended on Friday by the 49ers because something about conduct, whatever.
I can't read it.
Oh, Robert.
Robert, who was at Spexia, that I said thanks for the keychain and the hell with Carol.
How do you even the facts is now a rip in Carol and center one?
How do you like that?
We better get a lot of calls.
We don't have any calls on the board right now.
We better get a lot of calls because otherwise I'm going to say a lot of stuff.
I'm serious.
That's the choice.
Either we get to fill up with a lot of calls about things like baked pasta, stuff like that.
There you go.
Or I'm going to say a lot of stuff that probably some people are going to get upset about, which I don't care.
See, I know that you don't want to hear about this, but I'm going to say it anyway.
This is just a place.
This state.
Not just this town.
This state.
Everything is schlocked.
Nobody gives a crap.
Doctors, lawyers, charities, wherever you work.
Nobody cares.
There's no, but you can't complain about the professionalism in this state because there isn't any.
By the way, I get my flu shot.
No.
No.
No.
What I'm going to do, I'm going to start.
I'm going to find a doctor this next year during the end of the year 2000.
That's my goal.
What I'm going to do is I'm going to go on the yellow pages and I'll start at A like a doctor, ardvark.
And I'll just run down to Dr. Zebra.
Yeah, I'll go from A to Z.
And I'll try every one of them.
And if I'm still alive when I get done, taking my Zeneca out.
Yeah.
Then, uh, fine.
If not, who cares?
Because who cares about a doctor when you're dead?
Of course, nobody knows what happens when you die.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Don't start on that again.
Yeah, this is good.
See, we're getting a few calls on here.
Because otherwise, I'm going to just rip them and ask over there at center one and rip normer can't.
Who deserves to be ripped?
Who gets almost irate with me on a phone when I call them at home this morning.
Because you don't return my call last night because he's too busy at the goddamn Miami Heat Day.
It's some stupid basketball game with a bunch of seven-foot tall smartgers slam a jam in it out there.
And I'm the one that's on a year here being made to look like a fool again.
See, there I go.
I'm saying these things already.
Here's a call in Naples.
Hello.
Home of the one of Beasley's.
Yes, sir.
Exactly.
No, in defense of center one.
I was one of the people who called previously and was ripping them for not, you know, a voice mailbox.
Yeah.
Your, uh, your, uh, attacks.
My high rate yesterday.
Yes, exactly.
I'm worked.
Um, I called, got through, left the message.
My call was returned within a few hours.
Now, how come my lawyer can't get a hold of the guy that's sick tenor one on me in the first place three or four years ago that got me in the middle of this?
How come he can't get anybody to return his calls?
I don't know why that ends up.
A guy who's like supposedly on the board, the honorary board of a, a dreadco of whatever the sick, uh, he can't get anybody to return his calls.
Well, I hope he's gone.
We had the golf tournament.
We had the bogus CDs.
We've got the people that can't get a phone call back.
We got the people that sent in their money weeks ago that aren't getting any merchandise.
But other than that, it's a hell of a campaign this year.
Nice going, Carol and all you others too.
And I go in normal.
You put whacking piece of crap.
Well, I heard Melville has a hurting, but Mikey channeled the year Friday.
A rap.
Okay.
Enjoy it.
So I go to the end.
Yeah.
So George and I have decided that, uh, in years to come, we're just going to go into business ourselves and we'll just sell it.
Because most of the people don't care.
Back in the days when I was Camila's house, we were talking about this before.
Well, we were doing money for Camila's house because it's the homeless, you know, and, uh, and I at one time did care about the homeless all along.
A little less concerned about the amount that I used to be, but it's an embarrassment and disgrace that people are on the streets freezing to death.
Although not too many freeze to death down here to let you know, but it's a disgrace.
And we, you know, I got involved in this stuff because I thought I was doing something good.
Call me naive.
Call me a schmuck.
Okay.
I've been called a lot worse.
Call me anything.
Call me if there's any cal.
I don't care what you call me.
I'm trying to do something positive, you know, for the same effort.
Now we used to get hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of envelopes.
Literally, hundreds, mostly from old ladies because they had their mailing list, you know, Camila's house.
And they used to send a very willingly.
Didn't want anything to be turned.
No, it's God forbid.
They wouldn't want my CDs.
They want nothing to do with me.
But they would send us this stuff.
Here's a check for 10, for 100.
Do we get any such thing for center one?
No.
No, because you know, it's AIDS.
Obviously, they help people with AIDS.
So right away, they'll see HIV is AIDS, AIDS is Fag.
And therefore, it's Neal on there with a Fag thing.
Which is not what it is, but nevertheless, a lot of people assume that.
So therefore, they don't want to be associated.
And those old ladies are not going to give it time.
They have nothing to do with it.
So you've already got several strikes against you to begin with, which is unfortunate.
But you're trying to do a good job.
And it's like, like everything else.
It's like this radio station.
You come and hope and do a good job.
You get these gigantic numbers.
You bring in millions of dollars.
And they still throw every roadblock anyway.
And if it's just like the thing with our sales department.
With our sales department.
I get accounts, businesses that I've been doing spots for for years.
That I love.
People that I use their product.
Or are you shopping their store, whatever it might be.
Our sales department fire in more ways to dick around with these people
and get them off the air.
And then they come up, oh, well, okay, we got a substitute for them.
Yeah, but I don't like them.
Oh, well, we don't care because, you know, it's money.
We got this gigantic order.
We got a big order.
Yeah, but they suck.
Yeah, but we got a big order, see.
This is a foreign word.
This is a language that they can't.
It's like speaking in Sanskrit.
Like speaking in tongues.
As in, like that.
Credibility.
It's just another way of your making trouble, Mr.
We never encountered trouble maker life.
So again, and what I'll do with respect,
we're lack of respect for a lot of the other,
some of the other bozos as the amniere in this station
that they never went through this before with them
because they'll do anything.
Bring them a spot.
They'll endorse anything.
That's true.
I know people like that, right, Rick?
Anything.
Places that are killing people.
Hey, give me a few bucks to talent fee.
I'll do the spot.
I don't play that game.
I don't want to go on here and promote something
that I believe is a piece of crap.
But nobody cares.
Like I said, doctors, lawyers, sales holes,
they just don't care here.
Now maybe it may be because I've been here for 25 years in Florida.
Maybe it's become that way everywhere in a country.
I don't think so.
I mean, there's some of that,
but I think here we'll have elected leaders with the champions.
Just like in sexually transmitted diseases
and a lot of other bad things,
or like the leaders,
and I don't care.
That should be the state model.
When you cross the border,
this should be a big billboard saying,
we don't care and you won't make us just like this audience.
They don't care.
Like yesterday, we'll find a little green men
and then God damn Opalaka.
Did they care?
No.
What do they care about?
Their wife made baked pasta over the weekend.
They were thinking about me.
Yeah, they had a good BM over the weekend.
Even without Zeneca.
And they were thinking about me while they were doing it.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
And now, say, you don't say anything.
You also used to get checks on all of your so-called co-workers
from other stations and everything.
Well, we still got that.
Oh, from other stations.
Yeah, we don't get that.
We sent it one last year.
We got a lot of good checks from inside QA.
We didn't offer anybody else.
You see going from sunny hers.
You see you got one far.
I saw any hers.
I'm going to be right in the checklist.
I found a radio and all of those other good guys.
Remember that?
Yeah.
You also used to get birthday gifts from them also.
But anyway,
I think what's the point?
Lawrence Phillips decided he didn't want to practice.
Yeah.
And then I got to put me in a plate.
I don't feel like practicing.
So I think, okay,
so long, buddy, go hang out at the brick house.
Good.
Excellent.
Maybe that's why we haven't heard from that asshole
that old, the craggy fart that thinks,
wow, you know, Lawrence Phillips is what he's doing is he's doing that.
He's got a blow-up bell.
You can come and back with the boss on stuff.
Maybe Lawrence has got a lot of extra time to come back.
Now we can hang out with that guy.
See if he's going to give him a shot.
Right.
Have a great day.
Hello, sir.
Don't be picking on Jimmy.
He's an asshole.
That last guy to call the worst team.
Who's listening right now,
even though he pretends that he's not.
Oh, yeah, he's listening to Waffin now.
That's right.
He turned up to the end of the dial.
Sports nerd.
Like those people crying about some stupid college football game.
I'm Tonya, man.
I said yesterday I'll say it a billion times.
The sports nerds, they terrify me.
The fact that there are people like this,
who get so whipped up about such silly crap.
Adults, not children, adults,
getting so incensed and indignant,
and whipped up.
Oh, they lost the game.
God, what are we going to do, God, damn it,
because it makes us feel bad about ourselves.
What are we going to do about it?
About some stupid goddamn college football game.
With a team that doesn't really have
any legitimate fan base in the first place.
A team at a university that doesn't even have a real campus.
That doesn't, that doesn't, that doesn't, that doesn't,
that barely exists.
We go down there to specs on Saturday
and had a decent turn.
I'm not a mob scene, but it was pretty steady.
Raised about 3,300 bucks.
I don't think there was one student from U of M.
I mean, I didn't ask everybody.
There were a lot of young people.
But I have a feeling there wasn't one person
who showed up there on Saturday.
And you, of M, by the way, is right across the street
from specs on South Dixie Highway down there in the cables.
Do you think there was anybody there from U.M.?
No.
No.
There's no such place as University of Miami.
It just barely exists.
It's a few, it's a few scattered dorms,
and a few with scattered buildings.
That's it.
And Mark Light Stadium.
That's University of End of Big Athletic Complex,
which of course is the most important thing,
because that's bringing in millions and millions of dollars.
And that's why they're all up set over there.
Acting like a bunch of children.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the 18th T line.
Maybe we can get that 8, 7, 7 line worked up today
so I don't go into all this stuff that I'm just psychotic about.
Huh?
Wasn't working too good yesterday.
Boy, it was pretty deadly.
George was very unimpressed.
8, 7, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, Neil.
8, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, 60, 3, 4, 5.
Here's Halendale.
Hello.
Yes, you asked me to call, and here I am.
I have to call about what?
Well, the NFL was a real...
Yeah, this is the, oh yeah, go to hell, okay.
Drop dead, you old fart.
That's the Lawrence Phillips guy.
The NFL is a racist organization.
That's why this scumbag got suspended, yeah.
Thanks for responding, Noah.
I am not that desperate, pal.
Okay, I'll talk to myself.
Before I'll talk to a silly old asshole like you.
You should only croak a wicked, horrendous early death,
like maybe before noon would be good.
Or maybe if you just somebody should put some...
...zennacal in your lunch.
Okay, keep you busy.
Probably the first good thing you've had in 25 years.
Get out of your system.
Here's Virginia Key.
Hello.
Hey, Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
I did come and see you at specs.
Yeah.
And, uh, yeah, it was weird.
I thought to be...
Yes, from you, then?
Well, I'm in a lung.
Oh, that doesn't count.
Yeah, well, I was in a lung from the Marine School.
Which is not the main campus, but I guess it's kind of the same thing.
Yeah, there were no U of M people, there.
Well, you know, it's funny when you were talking about, uh, you know,
other planets yesterday.
Uh-huh.
I went out of high school.
I remember reading a book by...
Almost by Carl Fagan.
And I came to the other author, but they discussed the term exobiology.
Uh-huh.
It's that he can be a biology elsewhere.
And I thought that that was a really cool concept.
And I brought that up in science class.
And my science teacher laughed at me.
And...
Flies to you for what?
Because he's like, what are you crazy?
There's life elsewhere.
And I, you know, counted with wealth, you know, the vastness of space, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.
And the possibilities, the fact that we don't have the technology to really see...
What kind of an arrogant attitude is that, to the idea that there's no life elsewhere?
What's the purpose of the rest of the universe?
Well, because, you know, most of the religions call us that big.
Oh, I see.
Right, it's around human beings.
So, you know.
But, anyway, it's...
I love the fact that you're bringing it up and...
I love it when he cares.
Yeah, well, you know, he gives a crap.
People here...
I like to hear about his ball games.
Yeah, people here are...
They think that's what they want.
That's right. They don't want to go to school.
They don't want to learn.
They just want the time off of school.
They don't want to become better.
People, they just want the time to sit on their butts.
Yeah, nobody cares here.
Am I wrong about that?
I think I agree with you.
It's the most indifferent, whether it's your doctor, whether it's your lawyer, whether it's the people you work around,
the people you work for.
Nobody cares.
This is like floating your way through life, but I would live it in Florida.
Mm-hmm.
I agree with you.
And God bless you, sir.
Thank you. You have a good day.
And I'll pray for you.
26 after 10 at 5, 60, WQM.
Let's pray for our good buddy, Jeff Cohen.
Because after all the stuff that he's been involved in the last couple of years, I have a feeling I know where he's going.
That run.
Yeah?
Well, I'm a poor, but you just don't.
Give her crack.
Kim Bocafford, talk sports.
On weekends, right here.
On sports radio, 560, QAM.
Oh, God, Neil.
Yeah.
Living in the Army.
Can be very crafty.
With our content to the old.
Politicians, pressure for both half of the season.
It don't matter to me.
No.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I'll try to school you since you're seeing.
That's what I'm doing.
It's all the parking lots.
Early births.
And those parts don't f**k me.
It's really sweet that I don't care.
I don't care.
Whatever happens to all the footage we do have.
Nobody gives a crap.
And it's the straws by the mad holes.
It's the land of the great dead.
So I prefer to scratch my bones instead.
I don't care.
I don't care.
Give him some instructions.
I don't care.
I know.
10th and me either.
10th and 33 at 5, 60 W.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
My heart has completely buried a favorite lentils for it!
This is one of the things you have to add to the products.
CLOMEMO projects and I can also afford raw beef.
needed repair. He came, measured and ordered new louvers in the frame to hold them. I paid 120
dollars, which included a new part installation. Since early August I've called on left messages,
but to this date nothing's been done. Please, what you can see what you can do. Maurice Warden
Avoncura. Here's the answer from my guess is the heraldor one of the one of our local ranks.
It took a while, but the repair is done. You literally didn't mention that you were away from July
until August, so the lay wasn't entirely to be blamed on Rodgers. When we called him, he returned
our call the next day from Sarasota. He explained part of the lay was due to him having been out of the
country, but said he called you as soon as he returned. Yeah, that sounds like me, out of the country
a lot. So sorry about that Maurice, but I'll do the best I can. And by the way, it's another 30 bucks
for, what was it? Didn't realize there was another 30 bucks for a security guard over the jealousies.
Yeah, 160 bucks now. It started out whatever it is. It's caught up to cash and cut the crap,
quick complaining, quick complaining so much. Nobody cares. And I'm supposed to care. What we've gone
through the last three months with this thing, I wouldn't wish on Hitler. I wouldn't wish it on
Bob Lincoln. I mean, on anybody. On Todd's wreck. That's how traumatic it's been. And you're
trying to do a good thing. You're trying to say, hey, let's devote a little bit of time to raise
the money for what we think is a good cause. And Norma can't just can't do it. Can't
give me an information and I also act in sense this morning like, well, gee, I only talked
about it yesterday and I'm saying, don't you understand? I have to go on the air today and give
people some answers. People have already sent their money and people that have ordered merchandise.
People that would like to have these great little key chains or those funny CDs or cassette.
People, many of whom don't even care where the money is going. They're just, you know, they want
the stuff. They want the stuff. Don't you get it? They want the stuff. Yeah, they want the
goddamn stuff. So he did that on the phone. He went like that. I said, quit stealing my material.
You asshole. Your professional fag cut the crap. He just can't do it. He's living up to his name.
Whatever it is, Norma can't. Another guy who's like floating through life, you know.
Go to a goddamn heat game. People are on death row for lesser offenses. They go to a goddamn
Miami heat game, especially white people. Here's Fort Myers. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir.
So can I go back to yesterday's conversation about your general conversation about the complexity
of the universe and how stupid the Bible is and so forth? Yes. Okay. First of all, I think I
understand your view that, you know, we basically just don't know, right? That's, okay. And I go
along with that. Actually, we don't know what difference does it make? Well, it might make a
difference. And I guess here's the point. I make a difference in what? Well, here's the way I look at it.
Things are very complex in our world and our universe and so forth. I think you and I both agree
that the Bible is a bunch of crap organized religion. Yeah. There's a bunch of crap and so forth.
But if you really study these things in depth, you really, I really think ultimate wisdom is
is really confusion. All of them in wisdom. Well, not, you know, if we can really attain such a thing,
but I think the more that you learn about our surroundings, the more confusing things really get.
And it kind of so in other words, it's better to stay stupid. No, I'm not saying that at all.
It's best to get as confused as you can possibly get. Oh, well, I'm making progress then.
Well, but I'm trying to say here and not very what is it? Not very well. There might be a possibility
that there is a God just really by looking at the complexity of the world. What does that mean?
What does the word mean? What does the word God? There have been thousands of gods all throughout
human history. There have been thousands of gods all invented by the people who want to do whatever
they want to do with them. We're on the same page with that one. Yeah. I don't know. Let me ask you this.
First of all, to grow test thought, the idea that there could be some creative force that consciously
created all the stuff and the way that it is. I mean, that's grow test. But assuming that that's
true, what does it mean? How does that affect our lives? What terms is it made? I don't know.
I just don't know. Yeah. So why can't we just live life and make the best out of it and stop arguing
about is he got a beard? Is he a, is he, or she? Is it black? Is it purple? Is it long? Is it short?
What differences do they make? Well, I'm not getting into those arguments because I don't believe any of
that. Well, so there you go. So, so why are you bringing this up? I mean, what's the point? I'm
okay. Well, I think the point is that, you know, the more that you get into it, the more you study
the earth, the more you study the universe, the more that nature that is nature. It's got nothing
to do with God. It had that nature, that science. Well, it is science. Actually, I am a scientist.
The more you get into it, the the belief that it could all be spontaneously generated is
is about as a nebulous of thought is that there is a God. And like I said, what difference does it make?
You're right. I'm going to thank you. Thank you. What effing difference could it possibly make?
Oh, you don't believe it? You're dead. That's what difference it makes.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Do we have anybody who does care out there?
Do we have anybody in the audience? Can we make you care about anything today? Can we get you off your dead
asses today? Just a couple days before I go on vacation. Can I get the audience off their ass today?
You think? No. No. To send it very best. They're very worst. Anything. But you notice the Lawrence Phillips
asshole, let old fart. He calls in. Mr. I never met a criminal. I don't like. He got a low put Jimmy. Yeah, the two of them. He's an asshole.
Perfect match. Jimmy, what you do this to me?
When you dance, you know that the rain is useless. My boy, from the end of the day.
So stop the point. We haven't been waiting. I was born and I'm home just right in the airport.
What you're trying to understand. What you're telling us to run me man.
I just met a day. It's not as fast as we would be at our place.
I would just believe that a night is a feast because I'm a feminine guy.
A feminine guy. I could never take it away and then strip it on a feminine guy.
A feminine guy. Hope people love me but don't want to cause me a feminine guy.
A feminine guy.
A feminine guy.
A feminine guy.
A feminine guy.
A feminine guy.
How come the story is very, by the way? Thanks to whoever called and brought this to my attention.
I did not see this story. This is right on the heels of these Egypt air crash
where it looks like the co-pilot was having a religious experience called suicide and meeting Allah
and God and Buddha and everybody else and killed everybody else on board because well, you know,
they were in the way. Pilot faces suspension for buzzing of homes.
Guess what airline he works for or did work for or may I work for?
Not America. Oh yeah. How do you like that?
They tone a beach. An American Airlines pilot who buzzed his neighborhood in new model Boeing
jetless February may be suspended from flying. FAA investigators are recommending the captain
Clifford Johnson's pilot's license be suspended for six months, citing him for violating
minimum altitude restrictions and operating an aircraft in a careless or reckless manner
so as to endanger the life or property of another coordinate FAA documents released yesterday.
Monday. Johnson 59 a pilot with American for 33 years was delivering the new model Boeing 777.
Anybody fly on a 777 yet? By the way, are they great? I haven't done one.
He was delivering one to Miami from Dallas, life February 16.
On the way, he swooped down several times for his spruce creek fly-in neighbors who had gathered
along the aviation community's private runway to watch. People outside the neighborhood and
others driving by thought the plane was crashing. The FAA controlled tower Daytona Beach International
Airport received about a dozen complaint calls. According to the FAA report, there were numerous
other aircraft nearby. The FAA investigation also determined to release 21 people aboard
mostly American Airlines employees and corporate guests. The fact that Johnson had passengers aboard
resulted in another violation operating without a flight attendant. Who was serving the booze?
I think it was self-serve. Probably the captain was serving the booze. Open-barred. The Boeing 777 is
209 feet long, has a 200-foot wingspan making a couple in size to a 747 larger than a B-52 bomber.
Johnson had logged three hours or less than the B-777 at the time of the flight over the congested
area, exponentially increasing the hazard of personnel and property on the ground so the report.
At the time, American-backed Johnson who said the fly-by had been cleared in advance,
he said he didn't drop below 500 feet, regular 500 feet. You could reach down a touch to
God damn antenna if they had one. Regulations generally prohibit flying below 100 feet in
populated area, a thousand feet. Johnson declined an FAA investigator's invitation to respond
to the findings. Attorney for Johnson has requested a conference with the FAA to discuss the
proposed suspension. How do you like that? Well, we're going to be buzzing by a put-up little show
here for, and of course it was only American Airlines personnel on board. Maybe some of the ramp rats.
Wonder if they had any hand grenades on board. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the 18T wireless line. Look at this. What a sad, sorry-ass display. This is again.
Do we have a U of M student out there? No. No. Anybody in the audience got three or four lives he
calls on the board. See, there is no university. That's another reason why I'm so grossed out
and nauseated by these people getting all psychotic about some stupid football game. They've lost four
games this year already and should have lost five or six. What's the big deal? Does anybody really
care? You ought to hear these assholes call this radio station. Wining like a bunch of little children.
See, I did those U of M football baseball games for six years. Five on radio, one on TV. I was
there game after game. And you look out there in the end. We used to have good attendance. You
know, the big games would have as you'd come in. Five, six thousand people. And you look out there
where they students- No. No. They were like families. Old people, young people with little kids, you
would like a teenage kid. But were there students there? No. Five or ten. Michigan State, which I
went to, which was a real university, you go to a football game, which I did all of them, the basketball
game, the hockey games which I never missed one. And it'd be like 90% of the people that were students.
And you want to know why? Because college sports like I've told you 70, 20,000 times, it's for the
students, for the people who go there. Wow. Not for adults, not for silly people who have no
lives. They want to call sports shows and make themselves sound like little children.
Crying like our PD, carrying on like lunatics.
It's an nonexistent place, you of them. It doesn't exist. It's a figment of your imagination.
Seriously, let's take a drive down there right now. Let's pop a zennecale and go down to you of
them and drop a load. Nobody would even smell it. Well, seriously, if you took a dump in the middle
of the U of M campus, everybody smelled it. The answer is no. No, because there is no campus.
There were no students. There's nobody there. It doesn't exist. They have football players.
All of them are true freshmen. No, I mean, I'm sorry. There are no true. Well, how does that go?
I get confused. Here's the mobile and sunrise. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. That's Carl Love and Redneck and a pickup. Yes, sir.
Did you see this warning on the news? They're having an expose on Channel 10. What happened to the
money from the children's charities? No. And they flashed the golf tournament with OJ.
Real on the screen. Yeah, well, what does that have to do with children's charities?
Well, wasn't that one of your charities that they perpetrated the fraud there at the station?
No, they wasn't the fraud from the standpoint of the money that they were only promised money from
a part of that from the asylum auction. They're getting $2,500 from that. That part of it wasn't the fraud.
Oh, did they ever get any of it? I have no idea. I'm a fool. I don't know because I can't
communicate with anybody there. So I have no idea what they got. I've been listening to you for a while.
And I heard that they gave it to the dancers, the side and all this and that. But they splashed
that this morning when I was getting ready to work. But what is that? What is that golf tournament?
I have to do with children's charities and with that for I don't understand.
Wasn't that one of your charities, isn't it?
Center one. It's not a children's charity.
Oh, okay. I thought it was what is Center one contribute to?
Center one has to do with people who are HIV positive, whether they're adults or children or whoever.
Okay, maybe I misunderstood the end. Maybe with charities and maybe with your
sure that it was our golf tournament they put on there.
Well, showed OJ.
Okay, thanks for the good news. Thanks for the good news.
And like I said, here we go again, more embarrassment. It never stops. It never stops.
I needed this like I needed big bloody oozing hemorrhoids. That's what I needed this whole thing
for this year. With the bad CDs, with a golf tournament that was it with OJ,
with the never ending bad publicity, with our general manager opening up a stupid mouth and saying,
well, some of it went to OJ related expenses. The dumbest comment in the history of the human race.
We took a vote on that around the building day and everybody was unanimous.
People can't agree on anything said, you're right. That's the dumbest comment ever made by a white man.
That's what they said. Even a schwarz is agreed.
Do we have any? Oh, we don't have any. Well, if they would have been here, well, we got,
bro, he would have agreed. He said, how come he didn't get more? Oh, no, and I see that's not
possible. Are you a famous student? Yes, sir. Neil Livenham, Breedham, student. You're the one.
Yes, sir. Isn't that great to have a whole university there for your purposes?
Yeah, why not? There is no you, sir. Is there? Yeah, there is. Come on. Really? You're pulling my leg.
No, I'm not. Like how many students are there? You have about 50?
About 150. I would say that. But I mean, like on campus, because most of the kids at U of M live
off campus, right? Correct. They live at home with mommy and daddy. Right. Over there.
By themselves. Well, by themselves, often, a secluded part of town, right?
For the good lot of drugs, which is the way. Exactly.
No, but yeah, I mean, and I do not like that. Where are the U of M people, though?
Well, I mean, all the years that I've been on the year here with all my tremendous
popularity and success, where are the U of M people? By couldn't tell you. Yeah.
What do you want me to say? I do not go to the games either.
Neither. There you go. Because I'm too busy studying, Neil. Because he's studying,
getting laid into a drugs. Well, I don't know about the drugs. They're getting laid into a study.
Okay. Nice. Okay. I'll see you in the growth. All right. On the white side of the track.
Perfect. Okay. So there's the call from U of M. There we go.
Making some progress, boys and girls.
Virginia, there is a U of M student, at least one.
No, seriously, I've been on the year here for a hundred years, and we never hear from those people.
We are from BCC. Oh, yeah. Yeah, we do. Every once in a while.
FIU. Oh, yeah. FIU, man. Up the S. FIU. In fact, that's their slogan.
That's their slogan FIU.
Rectum. Up the S.
56670560, pound 560. So I'm trying to keep the momentum of this going because otherwise,
I'm going to say a lot of crap, which I don't want to say about Kuro, about normal camp,
about that hole, this whole business. It's unacceptable. It is unacceptable.
And I'm right in the middle of it. Looking like a jackass. Looking like a fool.
And like I said, maybe it's a blessing that nobody cares because nobody seems to care about this either.
Like that golf tournament. I mentioned this last week one day. We had half a dozen people
got all bent out of shape, including the guy from Logo Mark for like a day or two.
And then it's like back to usual. We don't care. We don't give a crap.
We got money to make. We got the crap to do. We don't care about that stuff.
So stop caring so God damn much. 56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line, 877785 NEO.
I don't know if I'm getting all I'm going to worry. There's nobody here now. You do realize that
they're all going for the holidays. You know, did you have a pleasant drive to work?
Because that was a breeze. There's nobody out there. They're all gone.
What am I screaming and pushing for? I think starting this week, they're all gone for the holidays.
Thanks for giving us one of those holidays when people go away. They go have a turkey with,
in a civilized place. 56670560, we got his number, that asshole by the way.
Let's give it out on the ear. Anybody want to discuss Lawrence Phillips with this old asshole in
Hellenville? We'll give you his number a second and you can keep him busy. Okay?
No, we're not interested in discussing God damn frickin' Lawrence Phillips. Okay? You moron,
you asshole. You idiot. You simple to you jackass. You disgusting old fart. We're not interested.
You got it? No. I didn't think so.
What's his phone number? This craggy old disgusting piece of smegma. Don't got it?
Get it? No. Wonder why? How strange.
God, what a sorry, sorry. Let's be sunny Rosenberg's boyfriend, I don't know. Probably.
Wonder who's on top. Four minutes before 11 at 5, 60 WQAM.
Jim Manditz talks for...
All right. Yes, right here. On sports radio 5, 60 QAM.
It's new and it's that burger team. Godfather truly's reaction figures. They're fun for the
whole family. Collect all 10 mob action figures with each whopper fries and superlives drink.
And that a superlives drink. No exception. Get sunny in a favorite garbage can. So you can
beat the crap out of Carlo after he punches out sunny sister or hit the bullet brittle body of
sunny after he gets it at the Jersey toll booth. Wow. Isn't that great? Impress all your friends
with the done himself. I'll make him an offer. He can't refuse. So start organizing your neighborhood
now and get the Godfather action figures. Remember it's only business and it's that burger team.
It's 11 at 5, 50 WQAM. I'm speaking to monkey business here. One of our listeners comes up with
a very sick and twisted and delightful page. The Barry Jackass with a striped outfit on
as in convicted. It says Barry Jackass arrested after posing as a real sports reporter.
And it's a... Look at all the time the guy's spent putting this together. Very creative, very
amusing. My favorite part of it is the quote from Barry Jackson saying, with my luck, I'll probably
have my 15 minutes of fame during the hour when everybody sets their clocks ahead.
Yeah. That's very for you. What would ever happen with him? You think they got him with a
butterfly in that Jesus Christ. All of us that we stopped hearing from him. Thank God.
Crank calling a reporter from the Harold crank calling the show 15 hours a day.
Only in Miami. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pump. See the guy that called before from Fort Myers
who claims, oh he don't believe the Bible is a bunch of crap and he doesn't believe in this
and who is trying to make his God case. You know he reminds me of it's like if you go home this
afternoon and you walk in the door there's nobody else around and you walk in the bedroom and
here's this beautiful young 20 year old whatever it is that turns you on. Okay. Why are you
starting naked with the arms? I like to come and you know let's boogie. And you say, gee,
I wonder how this person got here. I wonder what their name is. Where are they from? What's this
all about? And you spend the rest of the afternoon asking questions. You know what I'm saying?
In other words we're here right now. Let's make the best of it, pal. Right? That's what he would do.
No, it's a trick. Don't do it. Yeah, that's right. It must be a guy that's set up. It's a trick.
That's right. Well, not a trick. Not that kind of a trick. Yeah. God, just do it. Just go out
there and live your life. Have a good time. Make the best of it. Be a human. Get a life.
Oh no, but you know you look around and you examine these things and you think about it
then you will. You know, have a lot of time on your hands evidently. I don't care. I don't give a
crap. It is of absolutely no interest to me. None. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
That's our poll question today. What are we going to do about this Goddamn Center One campaign?
That's our poll question. And what are we going to do about this Goddamn Norma Camp?
Here's for a lot of Dale. Hello. Hey, how you doing, Neil? Yes, sir. I went to University of Florida
undergrad and now go to UM for law school. I'm so sorry. Well, I'm really not because I'm
happy I never went to UM for undergrad. It's not, I totally agree with you. It's not a
the Phantom Place. It's not a, it's not a real college. No one lives on campus or near campus.
Right. Rich people live on Brickle. And then the poor people just live wherever they want. It's
not, it's not a real school. People live under the overpass. It's not like Gainesville and it's
just that. I mean, I'm so happy I never went there for undergrad because it's not a, I mean,
for law school, I don't care. I don't party as much as I used to in undergrad. And they're talking
about they want to build on their own stadium. The orange building is good enough. They want to
build on their own stadium. First of all, what's the point? Like I said,
before the people that come to mark life stadium for you of M baseball, 95% of them are adults
in their families. There are no students that go there. Well, listen, I went to one games that
been, this is my second year. I've been the one game. I went to the Penn State game. Right.
Last year is the only game I've been to. And they have to, it's so funny because in Gainesville,
they have a student section which is, which is exactly one half side of the stadium. Uh-huh.
In Miami, it's like a quarter, like in the corner on one of the sides of the, certainly like the
30 yard line all the way on the corner. Right. And it's not even filled with all students.
Half of people don't even go to the kids that go there. Half of them don't even go to you.
I'm their thugs. They're just together. They go to football games. Right.
You have to do a little kids with their parents. They're going or just students. Man, it's just a real
college atmosphere. And I just think you I'm just, it's not school. You go there, you go there,
but it's not a real college. You don't get a real college experience. It's a myth. It is. And you
know what? It's for the what they charge you and all that other side. It's just, I think it's a disgrace.
And yeah, keep going. Let me stop you now.
And the school, the school, the, I just totally agree with you. Look, this is one of the rare times
I totally agree with you. One of the rare times I agree with you and something. Something I don't
agree with you. We said one of the rare times here to live real for me. Oh, I see. But, uh, but I'll
try to be a lot more conservative. I'm not conservative either. You're too liberal. I'll try to be a
real campus. That's all I want to try to agree with you. Okay. Have a great life. Two liberal
friends. I like it. I'm going to go five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T line.
And the town where just nobody cares. I'd like to see somebody care here today. I'd like to see
somebody address this center one thing with this campaign. I mean, I realized like I said,
most of the people they just want to stuff the CDs, the, the, uh, funny little key chains,
little, uh, little stuff on here you go. Yeah. Yeah, that's stuff. But, uh, there's going to be
somebody that cares about this because this is, this is scandalous. This is a disaster. What's
going on? And I'm caught right here in the middle of it. And even the person who got me caught
in the middle of the couple of years ago, even he's like a, uh, moving like that. He's going,
like that again. Again. I just turned him to it again. That's his response. Thanks, Norma. You jackass.
And he's indignant like, oh, gee, well, what do you expect? You know, what am I supposed to tell
you right away like within a month or yeah, like, how about writing a few guy named letters?
And let's see if the pony gets letters back in time. So I can come on air here and say something
intelligent. After I had a nervous breakdown and I think someone thinking about that goddamn
gall-term and I shouldn't have given a crap about that in the first place. Okay. If they want to
bring Ted Bundy back and bring him to the gall-term, I don't give a crap. Nobody else does.
And you know something? Maybe it wasn't such a great idea that somebody from the charity was
there getting their picture made not just with the football players, but with OJ. You know what I'm
saying? When you come right down to it, maybe that wasn't such a great idea. Right, screw in.
Right. God damn it. Here's North Miami Beach. Hello.
Yes, sir. I care about. Well, you really wanted to hear somebody who cares, though, I call it
said, I care, but I actually had a question. I didn't have to begin to show. Are you not doing
more appearances? No. Well, I mean, I wasn't going to schedule to do any more anyway.
Oh, really? Do I need to do a couple though? Yeah. That's our sales department. They can't seem
to find a, you know, like a shopping mall or someplace where there are thousands of people.
Like we always have in the past. So that's them. But that's not the point. The point is there
are a million ways that people can get the merchandise off the internet. They're a phone number,
but they're not returning anybody's calls and nobody can get a hold of them and people aren't
getting their stuff. And I'm sitting here in the middle of it and wasting a lot of time from
this show trying to do a fan-to-me fundraiser for a place that isn't cooperating. That really blows.
Exactly. Well, I always look forward to going out to
the community every year and getting the CDs and everything. Right. It's not going to happen
this year. We're not coming into the area. Yeah. All right. I'll come by and see you in the phone
booth, Summer. Thanks. Have a great day. Bye. Now I'll come by. I'll come by everybody's neighborhood
and just hang out for a while. Bring my keychain. Yeah, we'll make a filling in the noises like
like that. Yeah, we'll see if any of your kids out there can do that as good as I can.
Ha, but you can't. Maybe we should put that on the keychain. Yeah. Love the keychain, by the way.
Great. Too bad they're not available anywhere from somebody that you can actually talk to.
56670560.050560 on the AT&T wireless line. Hi, this is Bill Zimper.
You'll be up as QAM.com for all the latest dolphins information in your kids who
have been great prizes. Blanky the broadcaster 420560W2A. Hey, deal.
Thank you.
The way I move around when I go to I call the Mambo movement the first to
I'm the toilet seat like swing and swing to the Mambo beat the radio play.
Knowing how to load and I'm all through the junk ones. I got to do a little bit of
space for all I need. So I can make my high need. 9.10.
I don't have to push I'm in control when I move inside the side of the toilet bowl.
I never have to spray it comes out. Oh, it looks a little like a good zero.
I'd wait to the left and wait to the right. From the green to the green and I'll tell you why.
Not only are you burning calories but never really yet a big red ring.
That's why this bad guy who has to see exercise can have enough fun when they
do the magical movement number two.
Hey, look at the Alex. I'm doing the man.
Hey, how come I do it?
I'm going to wear it when he's done off and talk to him.
Okay, I'm going to do it.
1115 to 560.
We've got Hank in the building in to we've got Doug Shovey to tonight at six.
Panthers at Colorado with Ray Shepard.
Anybody excited about that? No.
With the Ray Shepherd in line up tonight. What a line that is.
Oh, boy.
Robby Needermar. Centering that line.
Ray Shepard and Paul Vellbray.
Robby Needermar. Centering that line, sorry.
560560. We got 600 open lines here.
today is this audience doing it no no they just don't care like i said this is
the one thing i love about this town every day they prove exactly what i'm
saying is right they don't care
and that's what i'm talking about that that's the problem of this state nobody
gives a crap
you've got a bunch of people floating their way through life a plane golf and
bad fishing and that's the right idea of life that's it
here's vocal on that floor to line hello
yes sir
i need a lot visiting from New York and i'm sorry i was listening to your
station quite quite by accident and i heard that the funny is a bit
already that i ever heard yes sir was the one with the entire restaurant by
the beach yes would you please play a leapt tape and i'm
breaking back to New York no problem if you got it
you hear it how long from now about
uh... that's the next break about eleven thirty
oh i love you thank you and have a great time don't stay too long you'll hate it
okay okay oh there's a guy from New York okay to want to take
titoni back with him and titoni says he apologizes and even as robert
Steinbeck they sports are in the paper they says time to forgive titoni
wow how great of you how wide of you oh i'm sorry
uh... yeah how gracious of you to forgive him okay like we're gonna make a big
simmiss about this just like Jesse Jackson got arrested yesterday
they were in the canaryl and oi and they let his ass out
and i understand the rest of them getting out today
peace of crap
self-aggrandizing
grandstanding exploiting
trouble making divisive peace of turd the reverend
Jesse Jackson don't leave the reverend out because it brings in all the income
that's right that's where all the big bucks come from
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighty and two wireless lines
see as the thing that really pisses me off is that even the people who are like
calling you off the air
about they didn't get their thing and they didn't get a can't get they don't
won't call me they won't call and discuss this on the year
so it makes it sound like well i'm just uh... you know there he goes again
looking for trouble all the years that we've done this before we've been
looking for trouble no we just went out and raised as much money as we could
that's all usually fairly painlessly
usually
here's a hollywood hello hello nil yes sir what's the topic today whatever you want
what are you doing next appearance i'm not
last time you were smolting it up very much meaning what
you're just kind of sitting there in the outfit you head on
yeah and what would you like me to do for you so we'd like me to do a dance
you have any during the mouth it's yeah five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the eighteen two wireless line you're tremendously amusing sir
and thanks for coming by by the way thanks for coming by you think he donated
no no
there's a mobile in west pound beach hello
yeah nil yes sir i want to call about the last guy who was calling from our
law school at u.m. and with the college in gainville yes sir i did the
opposite i totally agree with him i was minding underground and i was a law
school in gainville and he's right there two separate things but i can kind
of explain it the difference is you got a small school in Miami
and a very big city and then gainville it's just your typical college town so
the problems the university of Miami has is just that the result of the town the whole
south Florida thing just you know it
mutates over to the kids yeah
yeah why should they maybe that's a good point why should they be there any
different for anybody else right i want to thank you
for your heart rate
it's a blow that too yeah well i mean because i spent my time at u.m. it was fine
and i went to law school in gainville and i agree i just say i agree with him
and that it's like it's just a different experience going to a smaller school in a big city and
it's not your typical college experience like people go to
michigan or florida or any of those other traditional college that's
but there's no campus it's not just a question of countets and there's no campus it doesn't
exist and the people the people that do go there aren't part of a university like when you go
like i said the Michigan State it's the Spartan thing and you go to the
everything that you do basically is involved with the university whereas the people here they're
just going to a class and then they go back to where they are it's just it's just there it's just
a few buildings that are there there's no university of miny doesn't exist
i'm a great well i don't think it doesn't exist if i agree with you and i've had a major
top it's not a real college experience except it's come along a lot further and
i was in it because when i was there 10 years ago yeah and that's how bad it was then
because now it's even better it's still not a real good college experience okay glad you're
having a good time okay thanks god for some of your stuff no
1600 open lines five six seven oh five sixty we got all the real we got some real winners
here today boy how about the guy who's uh his wife is making me that uh big pasta
yeah that sounds pretty good five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line
eight seven seven eight five nil all over the country we had one call from out of Florida
on at today no not one not one
fought tooth and nail like i said nobody gives a crap nobody's got anything to say
nobody gives a crap 14,000 green monsters just landed on goddamn south beach
from that new planet out there six times the size of Jupiter does anybody care no no
difference you watching jury springer
here's pop it'll be chill out y'all yeah sir uh listen to your show last week and i ordered
a uh the uh what do you call it a little uh what a country changing over the internet yes sir
and uh loved it and got it got it what had happened yeah is i was listening to your comments i was
getting concerned that i wouldn't get it but it was only about a week ago we checked it and it came
in yesterday right so it came right in it was great so what it's worth that happened real good so
people are actually getting stuff oh yeah i ordered it last week people i'm hearing from our
people not getting stuff and like i said nobody will call me on ear except you and talking to
about this and uh like i said nobody cares well that's why i called because i heard you're ragging
on everybody and uh it took less than a week to get and the website looked great no other websites
got nothing to do with center one that's eric well but the website that's what that's how we
ordered it so it's right it came to my business and it came right away okay okay thanks thanks a
million there's a guy that cares enough to set his very best and at least say something okay he's
got something look at look at this look at this you know something i'm gonna take these last two
that's it here's Miami hello hey Neil how's it going okay sir um i just uh well actually i want
to tell you that uh i care and uh i got something to ask you uh i think like last week
well a week before uh i think you got on the air with the hammer yeah you're talking about Vegas
and you mentioned to the hammer you knew some place with some strip clubs and i thought you were gay
so i got to call you on that got to call me on what uh why would i go to the joke it was a joke
he was going to do a buffalo and i said Niagara Falls has got a bunch of great strip clubs
because he said Niagara Falls got a casino it was a joke it was a joke it was a joke
it was a joke it was a joke it was a joke it was a joke it was a joke it was an addition to which
you have to be straight to know where there are strip clubs i know where there's a lot of strip clubs
here in south Florida does that mean that i'm like uh going there will be said good strip club yeah
so how do you know they're good you know what i'm saying let me set it in it was a joke okay i understand
it's a joke and then just one one other thing i'll say in addition to which you've ever been to a bad
strip club actually well it depends you got your higher class ones in your city strip clubs
well maybe we'll find out we'll take a poll and find out which ones are the bad ones okay
which ones have tempest storm the 80 year old strippers that's a good topic you should do that okay
all right all right one more thing also wouldn't you say that more atheists in this world kill people
and do harm to the rest of the humans in this world then uh you're really an addict religious
folks no i would not no such as human like let's say i would say 90 percent 99 percent of all the
armies formed in and history like like i'd like to talk about the Nazis they weren't atheists
i would say most of them are no let me start let me say it again the Nazis weren't atheists okay
they were good Catholics i don't know and on their and on their belt buckles and said god is with us
okay they weren't atheists you better go read a book pal might do you some good all right
the atheists are killing the people there we go thank god i finally learned something on a show
i know it would be rewarding to come in today the atheist were the ones that are killing everybody
oh right now i feel a lot better why the hell should we be left out or remember that big atheist
in position yeah that's right those big atheists crusade fna that's what i have to say to you
sir get a brain go get read a god named book read some history oh yeah the uh Nazis they were atheists
yeah right and a pope he must have been an atheist too Pope pious they're good buddy pious the
12 he was also an atheist better read that book too while you're at it five six seven oh five see
this this is the eight the start bad people that don't believe the religious bull crap we're all
bad we're evil we're the trouble makers not the good religious folks like in northern Ireland
and in indian Pakistan and every god damn part of the world and in the middle east
and a crazy god damn pilot that just to dump the plane down because he wanted to meeting with
all our somebody five six seven oh five sixty this is desperate today maybe it's getting
worse by the minute like i said there's nobody in town what am i beaten a dead horse here for today
because that's what they pay me for beaded here's four Myers hello Neil yes sir apis west coast atheist
Irish will stop killing people god damn it i just popped someone a little while me this great
hey i did want to touch basis on it and i you know Jesus and god that's great if you want to believe in
it but ultimately this is my belief it's inner truth it's what you make a you can trade in all
that but you it's what you do with it inner inner truth inner truth is is what how you process and
whether you want to be a good bird what does that mean well it means that you in your own mind
have to make up what you want whether you want to be a good person whether you want to do a good deed
and and it has to do with with moods and all that type of stuff but not with god yeah some of
those are on bad mood and go out and sell somebody is in it well i mean if you want to if you want
to process something and say you know i got a bad burger from the Donald and i'm going to talk
about in all seriousness is life really this complicated no it means is it that difficult to know
the basic right from wrong and do know harm and just go about doing the best you can in life is
does it require all this introspection and hocus pocus and all the right what do we need this
and i didn't need Moses to tell me exactly and take two and call me in the morning okay
take two of those tablets oh Moses he got those tablets right from god right from Yeshua
right from Jehovah whatever the hell his name was 26 past 11 at 560 WDQN
only one South Florida radio station has the habit and you're listening to it
hey Goldberg weekday afternoon to two sports radio 560 Q a L
how old i'm Tommy from Pythomie saying for the best high food and the best service as long as you
not black comment down to Pythomie or South Beach we know like black people they don't keep well
besides why black people are too excited anyway we're not have fried chicken on the menu
all the way i forget we have a spare ribs no change Pythom
how does that with a menu it's like a dog so if you're not black comment down to Pythomie
come to think of it those damn gay people we know like them either should it be good
but they talk too loud with funny lists they serve other customers no comeback
so no gay no black and while we're at it laddie people you make reservation for 715
don't show up at 820 and expect your table we get to somewhere else already
laddie people are always late no black no gay no laddie in Pythomie and Jewish people you stop
bickering all of bill who care who have what can't wait to angle that outside take 45 minutes
to try to divide up bill we know what you hear no Jew no black no fact no Cuban and white people
you think you better that everybody else comes playing too much if we don't kiss your ass
you'll not come back no white no black no Jew no latinos no gay everybody else for the best
typhoon come on down to ty Tommy undefeated hurry before we have to close
i thought i put that on there for the guy taking it back to New York yeah i'm gonna be on the tape
it's 1132 at 515 by the way thanks to all your New Yorkers up there in New York for
sending us the people you didn't want thanks a lot
here's a mobile in Miami hello yeah this is Jim from Miami yes sir
yeah let's see why we don't just get Jesse Ventura to be the governor down here
so we can have a little bit of fun yeah what do you mean yeah and how are you gonna do that
oh that's the first time we need a guy like that down here so we can legalize prostitution
and tax that yeah and all the other good things in life you know what i mean right i do know what
you mean yeah and i don't think we eat yeah or maybe we should just start moving to Minnesota how's
that oh hell no we don't want to go down to break down here you know i didn't call yeah too many
good people are living in the slow slow communist country anyway they take all our right the way
on every day okay pal see in the Minneapolis yeah let's let's look to Jesse is he running down here no
okay there's a guy that Jim here something good to say didn't he Jim have something good to say
no he's got a point but he's gone from the room like that going like that five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on a 18t wireless line boy it's amazing how things have changed down here
i mean you know you all know that but years ago like the summertime used to be great because all
the kids have been out of school and you hear from a lot of people who couldn't and then the last
to four or five years it's gotten worse and worse and now like Thanksgiving memories to do every
year of Thanksgiving the special show me they all request the day and play the rack and play all
the good stuff and that was the approach Thanksgiving the town is sitting out like there's nobody
here not that i'm complaining by the way that was a wonderful trip to work this morning i mean
unbelievable you will be here Thanksgiving right that's correct you notice i'm never here on
Thanksgiving anymore but now why the hell would anybody with a brain be around Thanksgiving unless
they absolutely had to unless maybe they did their vacation just before Thanksgiving like in
North Carolina but now seriously why would anybody be here on Thanksgiving why would it be anybody
who you're on New Year's why would anybody be here like then the fourth of July Martin Luther
birthday labor day may day may day so how about that american airlines pilot baby was aldrin
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line here's a mobile in boi and v chillo
neo last guy was about as dumb as the guy think in the eightiest for killing everybody uh-huh maybe
we can match him up together maybe they have a good time i mean i think that's like pretty much
some of the other things that don't you what is it pretty much opposite day to say something
like that don't you opposite day yeah if you think of all the Catholic crusades and how many people
are put through by uh-religious people yeah but i mean i'm not going to pretend that eightiest i mean
like the communist in china they slaughtered millions of people and the Russians the uh-huh
have to be opposite but the fact is that people kill each other i mean for a variety of reasons
and of course in those cases it had nothing to do with religion or lack of it had to do with control
with power right little ridiculous uh did you read the column do you read the marilins and vans
in the paper do i read what the marilins and vans are in paper excuse me was it in the parade section
and i don't know how do we parade no that that's for old ladies it's supposed to be the lady with
our borders by a joke like you and well she said an interesting thing about uh the big bang theory being
asked uh-being not being taught in schools she said the big bang theory is uh technically just
this foolish to believe as religion yeah so curious because you're just basically thinking
let me let me let me ask you this why do we have to teach any theories in in the school
well i think people want to know where we all came from why why it's a primal urge to know
you care i mean a kid wants to know it's like fuck but it's don't make that
what's your drug not i say i don't care i don't care i don't care i don't care
if you don't know you're going after you die i already know where i'm going sir into a box in
the ground i know that there is no doubt that we know that you don't know that oh absolutely i'm
saying you you're not interested if you have a spirit or not most people are a spirit yeah
something that carries on after you die what what is that what does that mean something that
carries on after i die how can how can what is this spirit we've been watching that Christmas movie
so much with Alice there's sim well i mean millions of other people obviously because
systematically throughout time this is what religions are created for yeah because because
people are afraid of life this yeah i thought it was an interesting article referring to that yeah
can anyone make a point with you you're so dopey yeah i'm dopey okay thank you sir i'm dopey i'm
dopey i'm sleepy today i'm sleepy and here's lappy and uh here's uh yogurt yeah so dopey today
i don't think i mean dopey are today the usual he's giving me a song in advance about the spirit
or i'm telling him no i that's a bunch of crap and i'm dopey because i don't believe in spirit because
some bits that's got a high IQ wrote a pile of crap and first of all if you're so smart what do you
read parade magazine for jackass like i said it's like readers digest is for little old ladies who
want to read you know uh the the astrology crap and the gossip column whatever's in there
yeah give a crap about uh that about the spirit don't you think you have a spirit no i do like that song
though i got a line on you by spirit do we have that yeah we got a death relax okay i got it here
somewhere well what this gives that on do we know yep well i find it i'm so glad he mentioned
that too i love that song god that's one of my all-time favorite songs whatever happened
them are they still around probably not they're probably doing like oh and guess who told me my friend
Derek went to see um jay and the americans took his wife and uh family to see j black and
americans at the sunrise musical over the weekend said they were he was great he said he came out
60 years old looks like a hundred and he was really depressed because he saw him and then he
stays still not the same grade boys and he's got a kid 16 who's got the same grade boy today saying
some songs together was great and then he said Frankie valley came out and oh my god he said you
can't even believe how grotesque and how pathetic it was all right all right there we go i got
your spirit on me here pal
all right
isn't that what the best fisherman saying
i got a lot of new bait
yeah oh and why do you were going you never even saw my fly fishing calendar from George
Corso who doesn't do anything here but left me my gone fish and fly fishing calendar for the new
year for the millennium that great yeah because we had a big discussion about fly fishing because
fly fishing that they had on uh bass fishing i'm sorry the bass fishing turned on fox
it tied the breeders cup the horse racing you know the big day they had a gulfed him the ratings
tied the breeders cup 2.5 lots bass fishing on tv and of course right away we got yeah
yeah and you want your bet on that oh bet on the size like when you go into a locker room
and by the way don't forget Joe Ross says Jason Taylor is hung like an antelope whatever that means
Chris I never saw an antelope 20 before or is that a camelope I think is what he said 24
noon at 560 wqa am it's a lunso you're so big
i thought fishy i'm a sea what fairy tale
this religion thing was not for me
oh
i don't like the idea what i was about to see they were speaking in tongues
that made me a believer
with kind of fun just to get out of high and out
and seeing
oh
I'd like my tongue to be
Those are hers or now
Whatever I do, he'll forgive me
Oh, now I speak in tongues
But that makes me a believer
And I'm having fun
Playing rounds with my mouth
Now I speak in tongues
Draw a grip as you draw a grip
And we can go this way
About the Lord and about the spirituality and about the spirit
Yeah
That guy was a real asshole man
Real, real major asshole
What's wrong with you? You're so goofy today, so dopey
Scouts quietly start up gay troop in Toronto
In the United States it's an issue that's royal
The National Boy Scout convention divided churches and led the numerous lawsuits including one now before the Supreme Court
Should homosexuals be allowed to participate in the Boy Scouts?
But in Canada the prospect that the first gay scout troop will soon have its first meeting here in Toronto has barely raised an eyebrow
In fact, according to a spokesman, a spokesman, the only reason the National Headquarters got involved was because
They have inquiries from US media and the prospect that a fundamentalist preacher from Kansas would lead a protest Monday
You don't mean Fred Phelps to you?
The only ones who actually showed up by the way were gay white supporters, there were no protestors
In Canada we're secure enough in our own identities and lifestyles
We don't have to try to impose them others, said a media golden lawyer with the League of Human Rights of Benebrith of Canada
Neil Neve, a professor of political science at the University of Toronto, said
Public opinion polls show that Canadians and Americans have similar levels of discomfort and disapproval about homosexuality
The difference he said is that on the one hand Americans act on those impulses publicly and try to impose their beliefs on others
Canadians are more private about their views and they're trying to take a live and let live attitude
Oh! Oh! Oh!
Yeah! Take a live and let live attitude. Wow, how strange!
But I'm bitterly disappointed in George today
Can't believe you're responsive to that guy about caring about the soul and crevices
But I care about the universe and how it unfolded
And why? Because I like history caused me or otherwise
That's interesting
Let me ask you this, are you ever going to know the answer?
No, somebody didn't want you to do my life
What's the point?
There is no point. Do you have time to waste?
No. Curiosity killed the cat
Little time. I'll watch the discovery
Of course you're talking about it. I forgot about it. I lost my spare time there. Florida
Well seriously, I guess I'm the only person in the world that doesn't care. It makes no difference to my life
Where did I come from? My mother's womb
In my womb like Brian Wilson said
You know, that's it
But what difference does it make?
If I came from little green creatures, if I came from algae from the sea, if I came from a Yenim's wealth
What difference does it make?
Makes no difference. None. I don't care
You see, I'm an oddball. I'm a wacko. I don't care
I don't care if we keep coming back to that again. That's the recurring theme. I don't give a crap
I just don't care
There is no spirit. Let me say it again when your dog dies. Is it going to doggy heaven? No. No.
Step on a cockroach. Is it going to heaven? No. Is it going to hell? No. Is it going to purgatory? No.
Oh, but man, you see. We're so intelligent. That's right. We hear these callers of course. We're so intelligent that we repurate magazine and we got a spirit that lives on forever
And that spirit is going to go somewhere. Of course, like I told you before, can't see anything. You can't hear anything. You can't feel anything. It's got no senses
But other than that, it's going to be having a hell of a good time.
The concept of that is so it's for little children. Yeah, okay, Tommy, when you die, your soul will go to heaven and you'll live happily ever after
because for little children who you feel are too afraid of death, the concept is so grotesque.
That's what it is. Get over it. Get with the program. Stop making up stories.
And this guy gets all bad out of shape or you're so goofy today. I'm just telling you the way I feel. Okay, well, what I know, you die, you go in a box, you go in the ground.
Like the guy that called the other day, the kid about the water painting his hand was, yeah, his hand blocked the field roll and his liver was not in good shape.
Yeah, that's why he couldn't, that's why he couldn't block the other field roll because it took all the energy he had left to block the first one. So that's why he lost the game.
I mean, when you got a bum liver like that and the cancer to top it all off, you just don't have a lot of energy to be able to block two field goals in the same game, especially when you're in a box in the ground.
Yeah, that hand like I said, you're there, keep like like that movie with Michael came. What was the movie where he had the hand that got shot off the hand? Oh, that's a good name for it. Yeah.
How about some fillet of hand like you to more person.
Yeah, there's just a hand. It's not connected to anybody, but it's just moving around and choking people and always evil stuff. You know, there's never a hand going out giving people a helping hand.
So to speak, huh? No, you never read a story like that because that's boring. There's always an evil hand. It's not connected to anything, but it's just going around doing gross things killing people and doing bad crap.
I mean, are there times in life when you like a helping hand? Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. Hey, that Tony commercial. That's off the chain. I like that. Okay. I want to talk to you about the religious aspect. Did you read up on the latest development on the flight of crash 990?
Did I read up on it? Yeah, well, I mean, are you updated on it personally? Yes. I'm personally updated up to the moment. Yes. Okay. They come to the conclusion that the pilot perhaps maybe crash a plane.
The copilot. Right. The copilot. Yes. Okay. Now, all you were calling about religion, personally, I feel like religion is just a business. There's so many religions out there. It's not even funny. And every religion says there's a right religion. Well, how do you know?
You know, and because somebody told you, right, you're born. Yeah, you're born. You grew up in the church. That's right. From your parents. Because whatever yours is, is better than everybody else's. Exactly. My point is that most religious people or most of a lot of things that I hear people say,
kill each other and they always say it's in the name of whoever they believe in. And it's so messed up to me because everybody says you should be religious. You need to be religious. But you go and diving, no, diving, planning to the ocean, kill over 200 people. And that's a good religious statement. Yeah.
I don't too much agree with that. He made a statement. There you go. I didn't want to share my thoughts with I hope is spirit burns in hell forever. Have a great day.
I hope is spirit burns, baby. I played the flair said.
It's burned. That would be good.
I love that steakhouse in Tampa, by the way, burns 5 6705. See, I'm just mumbling here today because I'm going to go on vacation and you people as usual. I kind of like limp. You know, not like firm, but limp.
Yeah, if you even know Florida shape like a penis, it's like a limp penis. You know, it's never erect. It's always like limp. Never ready for action.
5 670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's Fort Myers. Hello. Fort Myers is gone. Allows the five minutes on our time they held on and they're gone. Well, I hope that you're a spirit burns down there too. Along with that crazy Egyptian pilot. How do you like that, sir? Or whatever you were?
That out of town line is working. We're just waiting for all those course, start coming in from St. Louis and Detroit in New York and Chicago, Santa Barbara.
877785 Nail. Probably these people have got that same I.S. I.I. Internet service provider, the ISP. I can't get on the Internet. I don't want to start in on that.
I see like I said, I better take a lot of calls because I'll say a lot of stuff here today and people get very upset. I mean, we'll upset big time.
Because all we do here is write business. We don't care about things like that.
Here's coconut grove. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, we love your show down here, man. Have my whole store listen into you. I just want to make a comment on this religious thing. Yes, sir.
Here's a thought for them on Sunday, 29 o'clock is the most segregated hour in America. Yeah, I want to know what you think about that. I'm out.
Over and out. He be out. Yeah, that's right because all the darkies are in one church and all the whiteies are in another church and never the twain chill meat. That's what Mark said. 56670560.
Let's go. Let's get these folks smoking today. And I said, second dog, forget it. Yeah, don't put yourself out. That for me after an old daughtering tool like me. Okay, they pay me with your color.
I mean, it would be nice to see that I mean, is there anybody else out there who doesn't care about these things? Am I the only one? Am I the only God then he then bastard who doesn't not only doesn't believe. I don't care.
I want to yell it from a mountain top. It is of no consequence. Where did we come from? Just like I said, like the little ant that crawls out of the ant hole and looks around and like, oh, just slightly overwhelmed by all of these things.
And that's how that's how the human race is. So we got to make a bunch of stories. We don't know. What's the story on this? Uh-huh. How do you like that? Georgie, porgy.
I knew that the phone was screwed up again today. There's line seven for you, which I noticed hasn't wrong. And I noticed that the ring over there. Again, we got a phone problem here. God damn it. Another God damn phone problem here today.
Everyday on this radio show because this company and the phone people at Bells Up can't get these sick and nine second line working right. You know what I'm saying? We just can't get it right.
Do you hear me now? They can't hear me. God. 5 6 7 0 5 6 1. Why do I give them the number out for? Here's Volka. Hello. That's that moron again.
I got a dial tone on it. I'm watching seven. It was stuck. Maybe you banged it. Maybe I banged it back to reality. Nice going. That's the big bang out here. Nice going. It's good. It's not an old deal. God. Good. Now I'm telling you it was stuck. It was in limbo. Oh, thank God. Now I feel better. And by the way, blow it out your ass hockey. Ansel hockey hole. Yeah, your topic, sir. That's why you're listening. Is it? Huh? That's why you're listening.
Everything I talk about is boring. Like the fact that we just found 6,000 yellow people, not Chinese people, but yellow like you know, canary yellow.
Yeah, like that shirt that's growing. Give me by the way you weren't at. No, no. It's back there on display. Tinky winky. We're going to set it to the Smithsonian Institute. And it's got a little purple tinky winky in the head spot.
Yeah, I wonder if she ever did it with Tinky winky. Head cap with nose the scores. Starting in 10th on the last team in weeknight only on sports radio 550 QAM. Hey guys, have you ever wanted to tell your girlfriend what's really on your mind? Like when she asked, you guys make me look fat. Well, now you put your hands on the back of your head.
What can with the Mr. Hanky message service? Hello?
Howdy, Cole. I hear that you're having a little weight problem. It's you. That's right. You've got more kids than a Chinese bone bug. What the fuck are you talking about?
With the Mr. Hanky message service, you can get it all off your chest and she'll never even know it's you.
My gosh, you're a sexy stank. I can smell it all the way over here. You little motherfucker. Girl, kill you. You piece of shit.
If her ass is getting big, let her know. Call 1-800 Hanky what?
It's a trouble one at 560 WK. The Han Goldberg show at two o'clock in the studio. Luke Shombie even bigger than Hanck at six. And then we got the panties of Carolina 9-3 tonight with the pregame.
We don't have so anyway. You had that call off the air. Always off the air, of course. They won't talk to me because I'm nasty and busy yesterday.
Oh, called center one three days ago left a message. Definitely trying to get a hold of their stuff. Anybody called them back? No.
Has Norm called us Norma. Norma can't call us today. Is Norma called George back and been able to guess any contact with our friends? No. No.
And I'm sitting down here trying to raise money for charity. Going like that.
So like I started to say, I guess I'm the only person on the face, six billion people plus and multiplying like rabbits.
And I'm the only one who doesn't care. Where did we come from? Who doesn't give a flying crap about all of these things? How do you like that?
Don't care. I'm never going to know it is not possible for us to know about things that happened billions of years ago.
Like I said, the plane crashed over the weekend. A weekend ago. We can have a go.
Two straight days we get too conflicting, oppositely diametrically opposed stories in the newspaper on the front page in the same newspapers.
All the pilots were working together like buddies and just amusing you buddy Egyptian buddies trying to solve a problem.
And then yesterday we find out all over the one pilot took one out to take a leak or a crap or whatever.
And the other co pilots are, we're going to die. Yeah, whatever it was. Let's go see Allah. See how he's doing.
And then the pilot comes back and what the F is going on in here about to be better and they're working it crossed purposes is what it said.
The day after it said they were working two straight days, made you newspapers.
And I'm supposed to find out what happened billions of years ago. How did we get here?
In fact, you know something I think I'm going to spend the entire rest of my life agonizing, ringing my hands, studying, searching to find out how did we get it.
And then you know something and then I'll croak and I'll be in a box in the ground and run out of time.
And all the things I could have done while I was alive, oh too late, too late now.
Or you could just watch Cosmos, which you're good friend. He's a sued.
Well then we fit right in together like that guy said. Yeah, no, that was you. Said you're a sued. That's what I said we.
Here is Dural. Hello.
Neil? Yes sir. I hope you didn't take you for taking my call.
Thank you for making your call sir. Okay. I hope you didn't take it.
I'm not going to take it. I'm not going to take it. I'm not going to take it.
I'm not going to take it. I'm not going to take it. I'm not going to take it.
I'm not going to take it. I'm not going to take it. I'm not going to take it.
I'm not going to take it. I'm not going to take it. I'm not going to take it.
I'm not going to take it. I'm not going to take it. I'm not going to take it.
I'm not going to take it. I'm not going to take it. I'm not going to take it.
I'm not going to take it. I'm not going to take it. I'm not going to take it. I'm not going to take it.
I'm not going to take it. I'm not going to take it. I'm not going to take it.
I'm not going to take it. I'm not going to take it. I'm not going to take it.
I'm not going to take it. I'm not going to take it. I'm not going to take it. I'm not going to take it.
I'm not going to take it. I'm not going to take it. I'm not going to take it. I'm not going to take it. I'm not going to take it.
I'm not going to take it. I'm not going to take it. I'm not going to take it. I'm not going to take it. I'm not going to take it. I'm not going to take it. I'm not going to take it. I'm not going to take it. I'm not going to take it. I'm not going to take it. I'm not going to take it. I'm not going to take it. I'm not going to take it. I'm not going to take it. I'm not going to take it. I'm not going to take it. I'm not going to take it. I'm not going to take it. I'm not going to take it. I'm not going to take it. I'm not going to take it. I'm not going to take it. I'm not going to take it. I'm not going to take it. I'm not going to take it. I'm not going to take it. I'm not going to take it. I'm not going to
take it.
question like that poor kid that's going to start to death in San Salvador because I tore up that
world vision thing that they sent me as picture the other day I'm supposed to send money and I didn't
send any money and then the other thing is you know when we were a little we believed in Santa
Claus and Easter Bunny and so on so forth well got his Santa Claus for adults but that's exactly
it right got his Santa Claus for adults exactly you will be missed next week okay see you take care
I wish I could say the same about this time but I can't say that I won't want to miss it here next
week no come on we got a couple open lines here if you want to participate we got 50 or 70
150 open lines we're not doing too bad considering everybody's out of town except for that kind of
reads parade magazine or you're so dopey today you're so dopey today yeah you keep reading parade
magazine you'll be pretty dopey too pal no but nobody on the beach in fact if you go into a
doctor's or a dentist office you know in a waiting room they have all those crappy magazines once
they're while they have like time or newsweek or something you might want to read but usually it's
those like oh all those horrible old ladies magazines a lot of readers discuss laying around
see I'm beginning to wonder about this okay okay I want to get paranoid about that line because
it doesn't there's something seems to be strange on that thing today the out of town line is open 877785
Neil 877785 6345 here's a mobile and Hollywood hello Neil yes sir how you doing okay um I don't know
if you've seen lately I've had this about in family lately I've been up to three o'clock in the
morning but I've had the TV down but when I think it's on WAMU there's the info commercial with
Charlton Heston yeah about the greatest Bible stories ever told he now has books out like four or
five different books about Bible stories and videotapes and reference to you know basically
what the Bible talks about but only is he can tell them yeah because he supposedly is the greatest
storyteller with his voice and the fact that he portrayed Moses in the movie and all that but it
cracked me up because it's like a 30 minute infomercial and they actually fit there and say you know
the greatest storyteller of all time Charlton Heston and he's talking to the girl
fully like he can tell it yeah only like he can tell him and this guy is also you know I guess
a Bible potent rifle carrier because he thinks in the NRA also yeah so it's just kind of
kind of funny when you see the head cheese he's the main man he's a hunter that's all he had
you I just want to get one special request of possible um basically OJ saying I killed Nicole
I can't have a great day five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
ten minutes past noon at QAM we hear from Norma yet no no sir from Carol who said that she
spoke to Norma 20 minutes ago and he was supposed to call me and blah blah blah yeah and you know
something they're both full of crap how do you like that they're both full of crap
just answer those phone calls from those other people Carol just get those people
and they're waiting with days on end for their stuff for somebody to return to call get
care of that voicemail get the show on the road honey
Jesus Chrysler Motors man what a disaster this year what an unbelievable unmitigated freaking disaster
people are trying to donate to cheery wow maybe we'll get back to you someday when Carol gets
her finger out of her rectum yeah and when Norma gets on the phone hey listen I hope all
you folks have a great time with wherever you go next year because they're not going to be here
trust me when I tell you it isn't going to be on this kid's shoulders I've done my best to do my
duty and I'm going to go take some center call and disappear for a while dolphins football sports radio
five sixty QAM freedom and say cheese
and pop
comment
pop
comment
pop
comment that's the place for me
yes
brand new 19 and I'm ready to die
eight boys and chillos the rest of the guy it's for going to a station that can't be seen
our schools will be taken by a particle being
concentration is the only thing that bothered me you gotta sit down to be
you know I think the poison is the second reason to help out
the poor me
me
yeah a little one
a little log jam but that's all I've
I thought that was in the tea room a little log
with jam
1215 at 560 WQM so yeah Carol's got her story and Norma Kenson visible and this one is doing
like I said have a great life good luck here I wish you nothing but the best of luck
and uh leave me alone that's what I say to them
I'm not going to kill myself for Greg Reed I'm not going to kill myself for a screw in I'm not
going to kill myself for center one okay you do the best that you can that's all you can do
is do the best that you can so anyway speaking of that Danny marino had a fender bender we're
getting calls about that that's what they care about Danny marino had a fender bender and the
worst part of it is you a couple of people in the other car had neck injuries because Danny
wants to share his neck pain with them what's the share but the worst part is he spilled coffee
on his lap Danny will be the first quarterback in the history of the NFL to miss him games now
because of a scalded penis wow how do you like that
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line Carol save it
here's a call from herden of Virginia hello hey new yes sir
well I got so much to talk to you yummy you've been on so many subjects yeah first of all
been on it on that American Airlines plane that was buzzing Daytona yeah you know the Newsy
port keeps saying well he was also wrong for not having a flight attendant on the plane
on a triple seven there should have been at least eight flight attendants yeah regardless
of how many passengers really yeah you say you phone on that plane no I have not I was asking
how they are oh man it is like a dream is you because you would be at first class especially right
yes I would yes it is absolutely beautiful I would sluppers in the back yeah it's got these
huge wings and they're real flexible and it just takes the bumps like like a dream it really is
especially in first class it's beautiful great um and American plies and well they have one
now I heard it and I did with the first ones yeah Americans got one now that's buzzing
up Daytona yeah um okay this that guy to call about uh ask Marilyn and Marilyn boss
Sabant in parade magazine yeah she's a autistic Sabant well I gotta tell you I um I get parade
magazine in my newspaper in the Washington Post and it I go I when I get it I go straight to
her column because it is pretty neat in my opinion and I know what that guy's talking about I mean
in the article she says you know you can well it's up to you it's just depends who you want to
listen to I don't want to get into that and uh in other words you're gonna pedal me the same
side of dance about the spirit and about uh I'm just saying that her column is really neat if you
don't read anything else in parade magazine her column no I will not read parade magazine I'm sorry
hey don't take it personally but I mean you know whatever you like whatever turns you on I will
not read parade magazine and you know speaking of searching time I haven't read the weekly reader anymore
um searching for life on other planets yeah you know everybody in you in the in the world can
help in that by um no this is I'm in fact what we do right now buddy is let me ask you this
question do you listen to artbell oh well you know I would it must be a conspiracy because I
can't get artbell in this area and when I lived in coral springs I couldn't get it because I couldn't
get the signal at night uh-huh I listen to I don't believe everything that they say but everything
what they say I think it shows what's pretty interesting okay thank you good eye artbell
little green men are crawling around in your backyard right now they're gonna be digging through
the soil any moment and invading your house you better get under the cut of the goddamn desk right now
oh my god parade magazine and artbell what can you say
do do do do do do do do do and it was on our line that we're paying for by the way let's get
rid of that thing five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a eighteen t line here's a mobile
in Jupiter hello yeah i kneel good morning good afternoon by now good evening to you Sir
yeah thanks for taking back your call I think people say that just
I hate when people say that well good by despise when people say that listen I just uh
I want to tell you that I'm fascinated and interested in the miracle of life.
I just think it's amazing that we've all evolved to where we are.
I mean, it's a wonderful thing.
It'll get me wrong.
I'm not a religious fanatic.
That's OK.
That is absolutely nothing to do with the miracle of life.
Right.
That's my two cents.
Well, what did you say?
What did I miss?
You didn't miss anything.
I just respect life.
I take care of it.
And the...
Are you concerned with where we came from?
Yeah.
I'm known where we came from.
We came from a piece of track.
Yeah.
We came from the east of Dost.
I think that's what amazes me.
And everything...
Evolution is an amazing thing.
It's amazing what you can do with an old couch hip.
And then, with a dining with a dinosaur chip.
Just leave it in the rain once and you'll see what happens.
Goes to show you.
Have a great day pal.
Very soon.
OK.
Yeah, no big crap.
How do you like that?
We came from a piece of...
DUN!
Isn't that what they call that?
That Dung in his Crab?
I love that.
Hmm.
It's my favorite.
Isn't that what it is?
Here's my any.
Hello.
Neil, thanks for taking my call.
Thanks for making your call.
Hey, Neil, how OK what we came from?
And that's what it is.
Bye.
All right!
I'm here for that guy.
He didn't have a whole lot to say, but thank God he said it.
Now there's two of us assholes.
Him and me, me and him.
We don't care.
We don't care.
We don't care.
How do you like that?
We just don't care.
You can't make us care.
We're not interested.
It's a waste of time.
It doesn't cross my mind.
It doesn't cross my mind.
It would be the greatest waste of a...
of a millisecond of my time to be concerned about...
Oh, where did mankind come from?
Where did life start?
Aaaaaah!
Let's have a search.
It's that primordial loop.
And I got news for you.
If you might have a search to find the answer, that don't start in Florida.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
And you'll do no information.
Renewable.
Let's go to a mobile in Kendall.
Hello.
Neil?
Yes.
I'm not in Kendall.
I'm driving by the lake of fire right now.
Thanks for taking my call by the way.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, on a damn talk show.
Hey, I'm hoping to ask you a question.
I may have missed, but whatever you enough start talking about these idiots...
that make major misprints and publications that we just...
rang the hell out of them on the air.
Is anyone ever called you and just said,
you know, thanks.
I'm really screwed up.
You know, I'm terribly sorry about it.
Has anyone ever done that?
No.
Never.
Never.
Who in the hell reads a group reads crap like that on this?
I'm going on the front page, I wonder.
And let's get out.
We had all those...
Probably very underpaid people, you know.
More on that.
How much did they...
How much did they go to pay those people?
Yeah, I mean if nobody cares anyway, why should they care?
That's it.
You know, that's...
They're like us.
As long as they got all the advertising pages filled up,
they don't care what kind of crap is on the other page.
Yeah, well, it's just real depressing.
It makes me embarrassed sometimes when a scum sent
will make a major misprint in Friends Call Me and say,
you got people down there keying spell,
much less know what they're all going on.
Anyway, out of material, dude.
Okay.
Be good.
Are we good?
Thanks for making your call.
Here's the fact that this is a huge J. Black fan.
Oh yeah, he's got a great voice.
Even George would agree with that.
He's nodding his head.
Don't want to say it.
He's great.
It says, I couldn't agree more with you.
And he used to look really good, too.
I mean, he used to know he's 60 when he was old.
He looks really bad.
But that's...
Oh, see, that's part of the whole deal now.
It's part of nature's evil plan.
You get a little bit older, you start getting...
Oh, nasty looking.
Wrinkled up and shriveled up.
Kind of like you're dying, you know?
But anyway, it says, um...
I couldn't agree more with your friend's assessment
of his performance.
His son is fantastic.
What gets me about J is that he has a filthy mouth.
Oh.
And magic still has him here.
People blush in the crowd and laugh my ass off.
He has in the past joke about anal sex, blow jobs, hookers, and farting.
All right.
I know I like Jay Black.
This year he said while on stage, he was knocking on the program director's door
and he heard Mindy laying under his desk, giving him a hum job.
There you go.
All right.
How do you like that?
PS Frankie Verly was terrible.
The fact that he's about 75% deaf and that he was adjusting his hearing aid on stage.
Probably added to the problem.
And Derek told me about that.
He said he kept trying to adjust his little hearing device.
And he couldn't hear a goddamn thing.
Here's the fact that it says it may see, I'm assuming that means seen, it may seem sacrilegious
and presumptuous to reduce God to a few ordinary synapses.
But modern neuroscience isn't shy about defining our most sacred notions.
Love, joy, altruism, pity is nothing more than static for our impressive, large celebarums,
cerebrums.
Persever, you know who that is?
No.
I remember general persever.
Persever goes that one step further.
His work practically constitutes a grand unified theory of the otherworldly.
Oh, the otherworldly, now we're talking.
Do do do do do do do do do do do.
He believes cerebral fritzing is responsible for almost anything one might describe as paranormal.
Aliens, heavenly apparitions, past life sensations, near death experiences, awareness of the soul, you name it.
Persever has tickled a temple of more than 900 people before me and it's concluded that different subjects labeled as ghostly perception
with the names that their cultures have trained them to use.
Elijah, Jesus, the version Mary, Mohammed, the sky, spirit,
and so on.
It's fritzing.
My brain is fritzing right now.
How does that sound when your brain fritzes?
Like that.
Yeah.
Oh my God, my brain is fritzing again.
Wow.
Woo!
I feel better now.
Probably from that zen account.
It even makes your brain fritz.
Rhymes with, you know, fritzing.
Rhymes with, yeah, crap.
26 past noon at 5.60 WQIM.
Can beat that gator me.
Ever wonder what happens to four skins once they've been sniffed?
Well, once the clipping is done, those incredibly strong little helmet covers are sent to the four skin factory,
where they're made into some of today's most innovative products.
Here, for instance, we have a wallet.
And while it looks like an ordinary wallet, just give it a quick rub and...
You have a briefcase.
But that's not all.
Just rub it a little while longer and...
You have a suitcase.
Our amazing technology allows us to make many fine-porskin products for everyday use.
Look at this watch band.
A quick rub and...
You have a new belt.
Finally, our most amazing new product is this new car.
Yes, forced-in technology has come this far.
This new car fits four comfortably.
But what if the in-laws are coming to visit?
Just a quick rub down with warm baby oil and...
You've got a full-size band for more information on our incredible four-skin products.
Call 1-800-COLD-TIP.
Call within the next 10 minutes and receive a free pair of our one-size-fits-all running shoes.
Okay, thank you.
1231-560 WQIM.
We're going to be raising money next year for the Cerebral Fritzing Foundation.
That's going to be our next charity.
Yeah, there's a lot of that going on evidently from what we're hearing.
How's our bell doing, by the way?
Like that.
That's how he's doing.
566-705-60.
560 on the AT&T wireless line.
We got 73,000 open lines here an hour and a half to go.
I think today's the day we lose it.
Here's Naples.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
How you doing?
That was funny, that guy.
I thought about the...
The darn way the direct where we came from.
I don't really think that much of it.
I don't care if we came from apes or we were created.
I just don't think, you know, especially us being over here
and especially you and your great job to just be grateful.
Don't hang up.
Yeah.
Anyways, and other thoughts.
I forget what I was going to say.
Okay.
Don't think.
Oh.
Okay.
Like I said, we're just about to cause less than the word.
And that's it.
We've managed to fritz their brains about as much as they can handle today.
Oh yeah.
I get to something that rhymes with fritz when I think about it.
560, 560.
Is there anybody alive out there?
Is there anybody alive?
Are there any living and breathing people here in South Florida?
560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hi, I'm Camille.
Yes, ma'am.
Thanks for taking my call.
No, I'll say that please.
I get to fritz when I hear that.
10B of your, it takes 10B of your Mayan and Harold.
Yes.
Scout's quietly start up gay troop and tell her.
Already, already read that.
You did.
I got it right here from you.
Well, this is me, like not listening.
And the end of this story says the Canadians believe in live and let live.
Unlike the Americans who want to push everything on to everybody else.
Oh, man.
And hateful, yes.
And also the Supreme Court taking on the football prayer.
Yeah.
And I do.
I mean, talk about it.
I mean, if Dave can possibly, I don't know.
I'm frightened.
I'm frightened.
Frightened about what?
Well, but they're going to, you know, it's okay to pray to Jesus before football game.
Yeah.
I don't think.
And no matter what they say, they're still going to find a way to do it.
Oh, that's a good way.
Anyway, you know, you can be especially in Texas.
Are you kidding me?
You can't take Jesus out of football.
Oh, no.
Then how they're going to score touchdowns.
Exactly.
How's Deon going to score?
Right.
All right.
What are we going to do?
Pray.
Have a great day.
Thank you.
W-Q-A-M.
What can you in?
What is it?
Unconin.
Is this the pilot?
No.
Okay.
Yes, sir.
How long to take to...
Talk to him about something.
What is it?
How long to take.
Yeah.
W-Q-A-M.
Something new.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
A new splash on that marino accident.
Now he's now he's throwing McDonald's because they serve that coffee so hot.
It was at a scolding temperature.
He's got a scolded penis now.
I can't play for the rest of the year right here.
Just to cover the expense of football.
I mean, how can you put a cup on your, you know, run your crotch when you got a scolded penis?
Man, even the Pobels pinky never heard like that.
All right.
Yeah.
Thanks for calling.
Go, Mike.
Okay.
I'll call you again.
Yeah, he said, like Pobels said, it hurts when he touches it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Well, maybe how about stop touching it, Danny?
Okay.
Stop touching it.
Let it heal up a little bit.
Here's a mobile in sunrise.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got a theory that might get a bunch of thumpers calling it.
I don't think so.
We don't have any of them anymore.
Very much like Australia got inhabited because England took all their derelicts and killers and murderers and dumped them off there.
Uh-huh.
Well, we came in the arc and it was a spaceship.
Somebody else getting rid of their dredge and dropped us off here.
That could be.
And even in a vehicle they witnessed somebody dropping off another load of the pit.
Right.
It's kind of like what New York does with their sewage.
You know, they take it somewhere else to get rid of it because it's too grotesque for them.
They don't want it.
Right.
Good point.
Excellent, sir.
All right.
Thank you.
Yeah, then how do you like that?
We're some other planets craft that they threw out.
We are?
That's what it is possibility.
We're star-destaddb.
No, we're some other planets wreck.
They tossed it out.
You know, get rid of their garbage and it just floated and landed here on earth.
And then of course that that's soup.
What's that soup?
The primordial ooze soup.
Oh, isn't that what you're going to take?
Is that a count?
Yeah.
Primordial ooze from your wreck.
Yeah.
Right.
All over the place.
You're oozing all over.
I'm oozing over here.
Wow.
Sounds plausible to me.
I mean, a lot of people I better follow.
I talk to them every day.
Okay, just checking.
Here's a mobile informer.
Hello.
I know.
I think I found him.
Yeah.
I found God.
Yes, sir.
Even Tampa, Lasseter said he's God.
Yeah.
That's true.
Oh, God.
No, no.
You're boring, pal.
You're boring.
All you people on the west coast, you're so goddamn boring.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
8, 7, 7, 7.
Can we hear from anybody outside?
Where did we get that one call?
That guy in Virginia.
The art bell guy.
They're not a guy.
Like I said, please don't call it in line.
I beg you.
Across the lot of money.
And they're just, I mean, it's not a Florida thing.
I want to apologize.
Okay, the people around America are just as stupid as the people in Florida.
It's an American thing.
We just have a lot of dumb.
How many times with this guy?
Every time anything comes up along these same thing.
And it's not going to get on the ear this time.
Okay, asshole?
Same boring crap.
Are you mad at God?
Are you aware of you afraid of God?
Bop, bop, bop, bop.
God, damn you, sir.
Give it a put a lid on it, okay?
You crazy old person you.
This is the place where all the crazy old people go.
It's called Florida.
Oh!
God.
Damn.
Or just...
Damn God.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on.
I mean, what's the point?
Just put it on a cassette tape, sir.
Put it on our frickin' tape.
Maybe we can sell loads for the cerebral fritzing foundation.
Here's Homestead.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
I ideal.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I want to thank you for yesterday.
This is Vito.
Yeah, okay, Vito.
I have a great life.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
I see there's nobody in town.
So basically we got the drags here is what we got.
We got the same handful of people today that we talked to yesterday.
Jesus Christ.
Give it a rest, Vito.
Okay, you know what I'm talking about?
Because if you don't give it a rest, we're going to have to report you to...
Son of a...
And then you're going to really be a source.
Okay, so cut the crap, Vito.
Here's four Myers.
Hello.
Bad nail.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I think you range or did someone that guys parade?
Yeah.
Yeah.
A lot of all these religious people.
What about this co-pilot taking 216 people?
Okay, thank you.
21 before 1 before 1, Jesus Christ.
Are you kidding me?
Oh, wow.
Dolphins, hurricanes plus Sunday and Monday night football.
Or football superstition is sports radio 560 QAM.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Marby was a man who dressed just like a woman.
Now he's back on my TV.
Oh, right.
If he didn't do the thing, she said he'd do it.
Why did he have to cop a plea?
Marfax.
Marfax.
Yes.
Marfax in a slip in a song.
Marfax.
Yes, yes.
Marfax.
Marfax.
Marfax.
Marfax.
Yes, I am.
Marfax.
You're career, you retrieve.
Marfax.
Marfax.
Marfax.
Marfax, sporting a new, here we go.
Your back, Marf.
Yes.
16 to 1 at 560 W.
QAM are rolling along, singing a song, fighting out that there's only two of us in the entire world that don't care.
How did we get here?
Probably in my car.
Was that not another thing from Stan Wurffheim?
Where is it?
Stakewood.
Stan.
Get a life.
Get a life.
500 years I've been getting these big thick envelopes.
And once I've had something good in there, so like I said, Stan keeps you off the street.
Boy, he's old and make-old.
Have you ever seen him?
Here's a call from Bloomington, Indiana.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes.
Hi, I'm a former Juliet from Malia.
How are you doing?
I'm doing great.
Let me tell you.
Just as we were talking about Bible slumpers and whatnot today, and I sort of really just nuts.
I got to tell you, I picked a great place to move.
Oh, Indiana.
Oh, yeah.
There's this one.
I live in a college.
This is a college town and there's this one sort of troop, this family of loonies that appears on campus periodically in the...
They stand around, shouting about how God hates lawyers and God will punish you for this and God will punish you for that.
They are right about the first part. God does hate lawyers.
I know that.
Oh, yeah.
I'm lyased too.
Why should he be different from the rest of us?
Anyhow.
There.
Yeah, he hates my roommate.
He's like, I'm not fornicating.
Anyhow.
I'm wondering if God is supposed to be this great, all powerful benevolent force that created the universe.
You know, why does he have to punish everyone?
Because he's an SNM guy. He's an SNM.
Yeah, it's the NM.
He probably dresses up in leather and has a weapon change, you know.
So, a kinky, kinky man.
There you go.
I mean, you have a great life.
Thank you very much, Neil.
Then say hi to all my old friends in Indiana.
I love you, Neil.
See ya.
I'm sorry, that was...
Sorry.
Hey, listen, you gotta send your very best when you're talking to Indiana.
How's Barry Barry doing, by the way?
How's Brandon Will to do an A?
No.
5, 6, 7.
What's that out of town number?
Are you getting these made a little progress?
Now we had a call from Indiana.
Indiana wants me.
877-785.
Look at that stuff.
Look at a few people could just see this.
Well, this is only half of it.
Oh, this envelope full of mong with clippings and little notes in the side of the pages and the margins and this.
Bapapapa.
Come on, Stan.
Get a life.
Go outside.
Go play with yourself.
Do something, Stan.
Besides wasting all the postage.
And all the time with this direct that you keep sending us.
Stop.
You got your chronic faxes, your chronic letter writers, and then of course...
Here's a mobile invoker.
Hello.
Hi, now.
Yes, sir.
Is everybody worried about where we came from?
I think they have worried about where we were headed.
Yeah.
I got a time to hand out.
It's nuts.
I mean, if both of these teams on football, they start playing the guide.
I mean, all the teams shouldn't have been in the school as time.
That's correct.
Yeah, that's a lot of material.
Okay, pal.
Thank you.
If God would spend a lot more time taking care of disease people and crippled people and desperate people and the kids about to get shot in the school instead of worried about stupid guy damn football games and he and scumbags like Reggie White, then we'd have something going here.
You know what I'm saying?
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
F and A.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
On the AT&T line.
8, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, 6, 3, 4, 5.
For the entire universe from here all the way to that new planet out there, 800 times the size of Uranus.
8, 7, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, 6, 3, 4, 5.
What a come down from those exciting euphoric days of last week.
It's probably because Robert ain't here anymore.
Here's the mobile in Kendall.
Hello.
Okay, I guess he's right.
It is the last time he's gone.
Starts right out with the S.H.
How do you like that?
For the month of 10th word out of his mouth, S.H.
Sir, you can't say S.H. on a radio.
No.
Sir.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, you do want to meet you on the spectrum Friday.
Yes, sir.
I mean, Saturday.
Saturday, whatever day it was.
Yes, I was going to talk to you about it.
I was kind of nervous that day.
So I was going to ask you if you're going to ask car races.
Remember?
Anyways, Bobbys.
And I said no.
Yeah, no.
Anyway, anyway, that was like where we came from.
I mean, who is Tom?
I mean, he really cares about you.
You're here now.
It's who the best we could do.
And that's all you can do.
We're here.
Why do we have to waste it?
I mean, you've got a short amount of time to live.
Why waste any of it?
Ask it about just stupid questions and gnashing your teeth.
Over something that you know, you're never going to find out anyway.
Exactly.
It's just the best we can do out here.
And what happens happens, and that's all we can do.
There you go.
Arr them.
Thanks.
Take care.
Pretty simple.
I'll see.
People are all like things that are simple, like DNA.
They don't like that.
They like complicated.
They like a whole big rig and marue.
A big song of dance.
They love that.
Because then they can waste a lot of time with that crap.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's their field beat.
Hello.
And you're alright.
Okay.
Good.
As far as those religious people, I look on the beach up here, and I don't know if you know it.
There's a lot of wives guys that are like Bible bumpers.
Really?
Oh, yeah.
And I'll tell you.
There's nothing there.
They've got a pre-tip to you.
You know, we have Christians, we got children's, we got a couple of different religions out here.
And the only thing I always tell them, and they know I listen to you, and they all listen to that.
And they say, hey, you know what?
You know, these are makes more sense than any of you guys put together.
They're all listening.
All the life cards listen to the show.
Oh, yeah.
They're in a closet.
You know what happened?
In every way, yes.
They closed good at four hours a Monday, and it's entertaining, and now they're out.
It's the truth.
There you go.
That's all it is.
How many beat that?
And you know, you're saying I can candidate, you know.
That's where I'm from, are they?
Right.
And you're right.
We live in what live over there, and although I live down here in our place, I go back home
and when I come back, I might get out.
What it was just warm up there, I think I'd stay forever.
You and me both.
Okay, pal.
Have a great day.
See you around, eh?
Yeah.
Okay.
Spir some change, mister?
No.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless light as we continue in this program.
Forget that goddamn art bell with his little purple men from outer space.
Forget that, Bill Crab.
This is the show that's going to find the eternal truth, right?
No.
No.
What a haircut that clearance got.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Wow.
Look at that.
Hey, you're right.
He's trying to look like Greg now, like a nerd.
He's trying to look like Greg.
I'll let you all the wannabe business building.
They're looking to suck up.
They're all getting haircuts like Greg Reed now.
Looking like real silly people.
You know, they're kind of faggy, attending the haircut like Luis Ed.
For about a week until somebody said,
that's a fag haircut.
Oh, he got to change real fast.
It's a fag haircut, okay?
It's bad.
Go get a chopped.
Here's a mobile in Isla Marado.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How do you get rid of all these Jehovah's that keep coming out and your door?
What's a good solution for that?
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here is poor Charlotte.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Great.
I just want to say, garlic doesn't darn thing for me in my life.
God damn it.
And I was wondering, did you have to get that lady's address at work
who said she didn't care about the people get shot up at work?
No, no.
She came.
She came.
That's Adam's, you know, Adam from the Rick and Sud show.
Oh.
That's his new fiance.
They came to spec Saturday.
Oh, okay.
She proudly announced on the, I don't care.
I have time to care, lady.
I just want to know if they've like get her address since, you know, is she like a neat
God?
You don't want to get her addressed.
I don't think so.
That was a good day.
Okay.
With all the respect of my friend, Adam, you don't want her addressed that bitch.
Well, I don't have time to care.
No, she's too busy playing mama to Adam, I guess.
Yeah.
Nursing and feeding them.
Difering.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line as we continue along looking for intelligent
life here.
We've got important crap going on, baby.
We might just buy two o'clock today, come up with all these answers to the questions that most of you are looking for, that I quite frankly don't give a crap about.
I'm worried about Zena Cal.
And how come it makes you dead that oozing loose oily stools and loose control of your bowels and more running spots for it on this radio stage?
Let me just tell you right now, there is nothing in the world that we wouldn't run a spot for on this station.
Take it to the bank.
There is nothing.
If we can get away with it, now there were a little upset because that offshore gambling thing, the attorney general's office again, the state attorney general made him stop taking those spots and it lost the crap load of money and they're very upset about that.
Too bad.
Whatever it is, we don't care if it's a scam, if it's fraudulent, we don't care.
Just give us the money.
In fact, better than even running a spot, just give us the money period because it's too much work in the spots on here and plus Tommy's got that voice, you know.
I mean, we love Tommy, but come on, Tommy.
Get serious, sweetheart.
And by the way, close the pot the next time. Don't you love the way they put it?
They blow a spot, it comes out all screwed up and they still run it.
That's a good take.
Yeah, we're not going to do it again.
No, we've got too many spots to go. We don't have time to get it right.
No.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Oh, God.
No.
Yes, sir.
I was just telling you, I got your keychain in the mail today.
I wanted to do it with the internet and I'm really glad.
I'm loving it.
I'm loving it.
It's great.
Okay, keep playing with it.
I want to tell you that I will see you at the Pittsburgh game on Saturday.
Okay.
Are you going to be there?
No, I'll be in the vacation.
You think we're early on?
What is it?
We're going to be there.
Okay, just keep punching the pell on the button too.
He's the dillin with it.
Hey, everybody gets these keychain.
Oh, God.
See, now I'm kind of like lost in between.
See, now I'm in the middle of that deal again.
I don't know.
All these people that have been complaining bitterly about they're not getting their calls returned and the voicemail was filled up.
And now we're getting all these other people who are saying we've got our stuff.
So what do I do now?
The best you can.
Exactly.
There you go.
Like we did in Saint-Oldayla.
You just do the best you can at.
So all you can do.
Just like what is full.
Look at that.
I want to see once today all nine lines lit up.
Just once.
Even line nine.
Four Myers, you know, four Myers been pretty good.
I'm not saying the calls are great, but what do you expect over there?
There's people under a lot of stress.
But seriously.
But they didn't rowered.
Suck.
They just plain suck.
Six more people I need.
You don't even have to say anything.
Just once today to make me feel like it was worth coming in today besides the goddamn check I'm going to get.
Just once.
Look at that.
No, don't answer it.
Just I just want to see him flash.
And the phone line too.
There's another one.
Thank you for making your call by the way.
There's another one.
Three to go.
There's another one.
There's another one.
There's another one.
All right.
Here you go.
Okay, goodbye.
Look at that, George.
Look at the boy.
Look at that.
And that make you feel good.
No.
Very Christmassy.
I always love it.
If you could see the green and the blue.
Oh, we need the little red in there.
Getting kind of red.
Cerebral fritzing.
I mean, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm switching just thinking about cerebral fritzing.
Yeah, that's what it sounds like.
Every time you have like a brain fart.
Cerebral fritzing is going on.
Four minutes till one here at five sixty WQM only one hour to go today.
Neil, we got tomorrow and it's Von Voyage.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
See you guys.
Maybe, maybe not.
They don't care.
I'm old news, man.
I'm old hat.
You know how that goes.
Wake up with the first team.
No, Joe Rogan.
Jeff DeFarris and Steve Goldstein.
We're team morning to six.
Only on sports radio 560 Q.A.M.
Gosh.
You heard my death.
For Saturday.
It's not just the one to two hour.
It's a phenomenon.
Screw and you think black nailing sun was no right?
A big black nail that you need to talk between your eyes.
All right.
You don't think black nailing a charity is wrong?
You then go to the baller and go to anybody.
We see a child's hosting show.
That's what you just failed right.
What grows up your eyes?
What's the panic sign?
No.
Look at me.
I...
Something's just failed right.
Screw and you think the big job bang to nine?
I smack your hand and bruise up your body the way you lie.
Oh!
Screw and you get my bone, your lungs and stroke.
Get your other body and two whole your hands no fairly big small.
You got that, you wife.
You just beat my side.
The side of it's real life.
You know how to do your job.
You know the big with all your faces are here.
102 at 560 W.
Two of them are big one to two hour.
I'm a good friend.
My best friend Pam over in La Belle sends me a little clipping from the Fort Myers news press.
Saturday November 13.
God forgave debt couples say heart for Connecticut when Norman and Melissa Cameron were accused of defaulting on a $54,000 mortgage that they appeal to a higher power.
Now they may have to appeal to a higher court.
A judge is ruled against the Windsor couple who claim God had forgiven them their debts.
Yeah, he forgave them.
The Federal National Mortgage Association, Fannie Mae filed a four-forge or a four-closure lawsuit against the Camids and an attempt to recover the $54,000 mortgage debt.
It was hard to be free from this mortgage debt the couple said in July in response to the lawsuit.
Therefore we ask God our heavenly father in the name of Jesus Christ.
He heard us and he freed us from this mortgage bondage.
Well, guess what? I got no bills anymore.
Because while I was reading this, I just in the back of the recessive of my mind, which of course God can read your mind, I said, I'm appealing to the Lord.
Forgive me all my debts and he said, okay.
There you go.
All the bills are coming.
Just like that.
Those that really were just a cerebral fritz.
Just turn right up.
My brain is on the fritz.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18 T wireless line.
Here's Casino Stan, the only good thing in that 80 pound package he sends, which I've seen this a million times already.
The Pope and the Fhrer, we already know that Casino Stan already read this, but thank you anyway.
And he's got it highlighted and low lighted.
That's one of the low lights in history, of course.
That's commonplace if we read that book, the Vicar of Christ.
The white snag that for me.
Oh, you both love that book.
It's phenomenal.
That's about 7,000 pages too, you'll most kill some good time.
Better than the word you do.
Better than the word you about where we came from.
Here's the four Myers, hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, did you notice that the Muslim guy on the plane that he decided he was going to crash and kill everybody tough to time to have little prayer before we killed everybody?
Well, sure, he wants to make sure Allah gets the message.
Right, it doesn't matter if you get, you know.
I mean, you're going to go meet somebody you want to call them ahead of time.
Let them know you're coming.
That's right.
All right.
Thanks for the good news.
That's what they call it, by the way.
It's the good news.
We want to spread the good news.
Yeah, there you go.
There's some good news for you.
We're just about spreading this, huh?
Spread it and say cheese.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18t world.
So I'm going to get about Danny Boy.
Dan Marina would have scalded penis.
Yes, wow.
What do you think, Jimmy's going to have to say about that Johnson, huh?
Man, here's a mobile and Davy.
Hello.
Hey, Dolby.
Yes, sir.
How you doing today?
Okay.
Hey, Neil, forget all that.
This is easy or, uh, steasy or Gilbert.
I got something that might knock your socks off.
Okay.
Well, let me put some on first.
Okay.
I'm out drive around and on the corner of Nova Drive.
Yeah.
And Davy wrote extension.
Right.
I know it well.
Okay.
Which you can take that 95 route one day on your way home.
They're building one of these heft express places.
And it looks like there might be my godfather's pizza in there.
Oh my god.
I swear to you.
Oh my god.
Woo.
It's brand new.
They're not complete.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Yeah.
They're building the building.
I know this is going to make your day.
This is even more exciting than steak and chicken.
I know.
I just figured I could just slide it in for you before you left today.
So this will be on your vacation.
You come back and might be.
Now don't call me.
But it looks like there may be a godfather's in there.
Fantastic.
You made my whole week, pal.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm glad I was able to contribute that today.
And thanks for making your call.
The hell with where I came from.
Yeah.
Godfather.
Okay.
Yeah, that's right.
We're going to go on to godfather's for that great-sized taco pizza.
That's the best.
Hmm.
Have you ever had that one?
Oh yeah.
Oh.
I didn't feel like a good idea just to have that.
Oh.
Good.
Woo.
Good best.
And that'll give you these cerebral frits too.
Man, I love godfather's.
Well, everything that we ever had good.
The stuff that was really good here, it's gone.
The studio restaurant.
It's gone.
Godfather's, it's gone.
Wow.
It's fast food.
The best onion rings that anybody ever had in their life.
It's gone.
Pickle those on South Beach.
It's gone.
The turf pub.
It's gone.
Kneels on out and road.
It's gone.
95% of the good stuff that we had here.
Gone.
Replace by illegal aliens.
From the art bell show.
Nobody talks about illegal aliens.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
On the AT&T wireless line, here's Fort Myers again.
Hello.
Uncle Mew.
Yes.
How are you doing, sir?
Okay.
I just wanted to give you some good news.
Well, we're smoking in Fort Myers, I'll tell you.
Great things are happening over here.
Evidently.
Yeah.
The Joe show is going to raise up on us.
And turkeys for the home of the next Tuesday.
And they're going to have bread, diesel, and a dunk tank.
So I'm going to try to dunk them over.
Oh, I wish that I had probably had a pub.
I wish I wasn't going to be able to have a case.
And I drive over to Spersal for that.
I did the $100 for Balls and throw them.
I have one question, right there.
Yes.
Did you need to do MIA football in Southern Michigan?
No.
Well, you didn't do like Asian football in the...
No.
Well, you didn't...
I did all of that college football and Albion College football.
Do you remember the Elmer Scott?
No.
Elmer College.
Well, I remember Elmer College.
I just remember the nickname.
I remember Hope College, remember that?
Yes, sir.
I've his owner of Elmer College.
You ALM and Albion Michigan, sir.
1965, 1966, WMRR in Marshall, Michigan.
I hit the big spots, man.
That's right.
And Elmer Scott, who in the playoffs for the first time in history,
with the 18-1 record.
And by the way, in Marshall, Michigan, we had Wind Shoolers restaurant,
which was great.
Yeah, Marshall's a beautiful place, sir.
Yeah, it's small, but it's nice.
Nice talking, Marshall too.
Nice to lot of power.
Have a good day.
It's small, but it's nice.
Here you want to see it?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
We got the out of town line.
It seems to be the Fort Myers line now.
They're taking it over.
Even Palm Beach is like falling away in the behind.
Because Fire Myers is on fire.
Like a guy said, and then what he just said,
he said they're smoking it, and looking at better every minute.
I say free weed for everybody this weekend.
That's what I say.
So how is the normal doing, by the way?
How's normal?
Hmm.
Boy, I'm getting cerebral fritz just thinking about that piece of turd.
It's a 9 minutes after 1 in 5, 60 WDQAM.
Anybody have a heart or a liver?
I'm not full of the power to be a word.
I really make what I'm a type.
She didn't love me.
She only loved my mind.
She told me it was love for my face.
My home is like I used to.
She wants to grow up.
Got the cash in the car.
She said that I'm too brave.
I really had it.
I'm the chicken-black addict.
She got the rock and the bike.
Robin was like I used to.
I know.
She's going to get it all.
She can bite me.
She can bite me.
She can bite me.
She can bite me.
She can bite me.
Just bite me.
She can bite me.
And I know it's all my parents can bite me.
Yes!
I was like 15, 65, 25 and WDQAM.
I used to come with a bunch of new goodies.
Of course if Scorant can ever own song,
why can't Greg Reid have his own song?
Which cut is it?
Does it have any words in it that we have to do?
Oh, here's Evil Scorant.
Is this like a new owner?
Is it a remake of the other one?
What does he say?
We can't hear him!
just don't play dirty heart
okay here's dirty heart
call me
mister oblivious state
i'm an idiot
that
i'm lousy at management
yes
i've got the right attitude for it
when
things go wrong
you know i just ignore it
my life
nice and easy
and nice
we'll be the people
and i've got more money than you
call me
reprehensible
yes
i've got your insensible outside of the relation or two
i don't care what you say or two
i just turn the other cheek when the salesman's
they'll hold senators
as drop
number 23
two
one
but
the station
all
existed
as
uh...
Wilson
Else
I got to get to my tailor by two.
Oh!
To pick up my brand new book,
Robert Zoo.
Oh, right.
Wreck eight song number two with six bullets.
Number two because it never catch screw in.
Speaking of screw in.
We know all about your evil lies.
And the big black jobs between your thai.
Roy.
Be yourself old, right, my lies and tears.
And the dynical manager,
Tarsie, all the cheek.
Evil true eyes don't know what about this.
Evil true eyes don't say your name is this.
You talk out the both sides of your eyes.
Wreck them.
So no one gets in the way of your evil lies.
You must be confused what blackmail means.
Whether for Tarsie or who's between your new years.
Evil true eyes don't know what about this.
Evil true eyes don't say your name is this.
You have already checked made out to pass.
You want me to trust you, Robert?
You hate to say your character is innocent or wrong.
We're not changing your craft anymore.
We're not changing your craft anymore.
We're not changing your craft anymore.
We're not changing your craft anymore.
Okay, one 19.
Now she's got two songs.
Let's hear it.
Not everybody gets two for the price of one.
Okay, we got about 4050 open lines here.
877-785-0.
Here's Miramar.
Hello.
Neil.
Good afternoon.
Listen, you know you're talking about those religious business and God.
You know what?
You know, these people forget that, especially the apathetic people who are willing to say,
oh well, you know, it's just their belief.
What harm does it do?
Well, you know, they got millions of people getting money, tax-free to try to persuade millions of more people.
Let me just do that.
Yeah.
It's a pyramid scheme.
That's right, pyramid scheme.
And then...
I respect Anne-Way.
At least they tell you what it is, you know.
But the thing that happens is these beliefs affect us, you know, they say, oh well, God will provide.
I got news from God he's going to provide nothing.
If things get screwed up, if we destroy the environment, all these things happen,
nobody's going to come in from outside and help us.
We're going to be screwed.
Yeah.
I'm not sure.
It was our Belki.
You get those margins down here.
Yeah, I don't see people wouldn't, you know, take on his attitude, all what has it hurt.
It hurts a lot.
I think I can feel it.
So I just wanted to mention that.
I'm getting the cerebral fritz just thinking about it right now.
I certainly appreciate your efforts, sir.
Well, I'm working on it.
And thanks for making your call.
All right.
And have a great day.
5.6705.60.505.60 on.
And by the way, those of you who don't call us, thanks for not making your call.
Believe me.
Here's Voka.
Hello.
I'm Neil.
Yes, sir.
Do you think, as most state will cover, the 16 point favorites.
Let's go to Davey.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Oh, man, I'm with you, man.
I really don't care how we got here.
All I know is we're here.
We're going to do with these four to 80.
Yeah.
Well, here's another one.
There's three of us now.
Even George is worried about how we got here, which I'm very embarrassed for him about that.
Oh, man.
Let me slip out.
Not worried.
Yeah, he's concerned.
He's interested.
Yeah, I would be curious.
He would worry about it.
He was worried about it.
Now he's only curious.
You said that.
Not sure he actually killed a scat.
Man.
But anyway, you were saying, sir.
Right.
And then these global masters, they come with these Bible dumpers.
Oh, God.
Yeah.
Oh, man.
I mean, they're always preaching about it.
And you know when you go to any big city in New York, Boston, and you see people like in the downtown areas on street corners,
you'll want the Bible in their hand and all their literature, and they're screaming and yelling.
And they're always crazy people.
They're talking about crazy people.
The Holy Land, the Holy Land.
Yeah, the Holy Rollers.
There were only thousands of years.
The most brutal wars and human history involved taking place on the Holy Land.
Well, God kept telling those people to go kill each other.
And he loved it.
He enjoyed it.
He was like, you know, you know, lightened it.
Lighted a Romans were throwing a Christians in line.
He was in jail watching that, too.
Yeah.
Protecting us abortion.
You know, we got to protect the other one.
Protect the other one.
Yeah.
But once you're born, no FU.
You're on your own.
That's right.
FU.
That's where they send the school.
FU.
Okay.
Okay.
56670560.
I'll even say thanks for making your call if you call.
How do you like that?
You want to call now?
No.
No.
Like I said, please don't make a fool out of yourself.
Don't call unless you feel you got really something meaningful to say.
You know, do you believe that?
No.
We talk to anybody.
That's why it's great.
We talk to morons.
We talk to geniuses.
We talk to a lot of people in between.
Some people got cerebral fritz.
Here's a mobile in Palm Beach.
Hello, Neil.
How are you?
Pretty good.
I decided to call.
And thanks for making your call before I forget.
Oh, that's wonderful.
Listen, I'm Evan Jupiter.
Tell me about the Jupiter alien thing.
The Jupiter alien thing.
Yeah, the Greek little green men landing in Jupiter.
What was that?
They're right next to Uranus.
Oh, I know.
No.
I knew that new planet they discovered.
It was in a paper yesterday.
I talked about and got no response on yesterday.
Oh, God.
It's six times the size of Jupiter.
It's 859 trillion miles away from Earth.
That's 153 light years away.
And for the first time astronomers captured photographic evidence of a distant planet passing in front of its star,
which is proof that there are all kinds of solar systems out there,
circling around all the other stars or many of the other stars, just like the sun.
That's very interesting.
So the fact that we got these billions and billions and maybe trillions of planets out there,
I mean, the idea that there's no other life on these planets,
any of them is ludicrous, of course.
Exactly.
Well, anyway, I just wanted to see if there was anything going on with the truth with that,
and I'll let you go in another bad call.
Okay, I have a great day.
And again, thanks for all I take it back.
56670560, we got the out of town line open if you're in Bangor, Maine.
If you're in Ishbim, Michigan, if you're in Nip Salani, if you're in Marshall, Michigan,
if you're in Rochester, and by the way, I do know where I'm from, Rochester.
I know where I came from.
Strong Memorial Hospital in Rochester, New York, up here at How the Lylocs doing right now.
How they doing at Cobb's Hill?
Huh?
How does the 10, the 12 corners there on Monday, or Avenue and Wenton Road,
right across from my school, they were bright and elementary, right next to Dun and Bob's, huh?
And what it used to be, see, there's another one.
Nothing's like it used to be.
All of us old forests would get like this.
I like to poke a Brian with all his old quiz shows, you know?
This is all there ain't no more John Charles Daly's God damn it.
Great no more Dorothy Killgallons.
Ah, you're right, things used to be great, you know, they suck.
That's what Brian says.
That's why you're always depressed when you see him.
He's always going, ah, things used to be great, but now they suck.
They suck.
Blow.
So he's always saying.
Here's the Mobile in Port Charlotte, hello.
Hey, how's it going?
Yes, sir.
Over on the west coast, can't get 770 and 4 miles.
Where's crap?
560 clear as a bell.
You mean in Port Charlotte?
That's another question for you.
I got 770s out about 6 watts, I think.
Yeah, but where do these I got to conserve on power?
Any question for you?
We shepherd coming back.
Yeah.
What do you think the odd man out is going to be?
The odd man out of what?
On the team, what do you think is going to be gone?
I'll just mean Chris Wells will be sitting in a stand more,
but he ain't going anywhere because they got to prove a point.
What do you mean for a sentiment?
The spokesman, you got to prove a point.
So Chris Wells is going to be there after long after Brian Murray's gone?
That's what you think.
They're going to put him on the same bus.
What do you think?
Who do you think is going to be on the wing?
Who's going to be on the wing with whom?
Who's going to be gone?
Where go down?
I just got through telling you.
Chris Wells is going out.
He's out.
Okay.
Have a good one.
And back to you.
He just doesn't get it.
I mean Chris Wells, you know, is playing at center.
It doesn't make any difference where he's playing.
They'll stick somebody else at center.
Don't you understand, sir?
He doesn't understand.
Maybe Ryan Johnson, I hope not that kid might become a good player.
I don't know.
I just don't know.
See, the real point is now you got Rob Neeter-My-Rat Center,
race shepherd on the left wing, and you got Pondville-Barrionne-Wight-Wing.
I mean, does that make sense to you?
No.
But don't start with that hockey talk.
That'll be the end.
26 after 1 at 5, 60, WQYM.
Kim Meddits toss sports.
I can't see.
Radio 5, 60, QAM.
New.
Yeah.
Look who's back.
Yeah.
Look what's up, Doc.
Bugs Bunny and the whole gang is back.
In a fool-length motion picture that the adults are assured to love.
Shh.
Evil, evil, equiet.
I'm about to do me a rabbit.
Sriskel and Ebert say, leave the kids home for this one.
Bugs Bunny, stars and Bugs Bunny's whiktiness moments.
He, he, he, he, he, he, I stink up.
I mean, soon enough, either, dear youth.
That's 31 at 5, 60, WQYM.
So anyway, it's funny I should play that right now speaking of rabbit penises.
Because Joe Rosia, they always tell me about Jason Taylor being a hungler like a moose.
He also mentioned that Jimmy Johnson is hung like a rabbit.
Whatever he meant by that.
Alright, let's have a little tiny, teeny, tiny, very, very red penises.
Huh?
Like a miniature pincher penis.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line and the Florida line, the very quiet
line, last couple of days, 877-785-0.
877-785-6345.
If I could just get God back into my life, we'd get a lot of calls from out of town.
They're very pissed off about that.
If I'd just been more time thinking about where did I come from.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
And thanks for making your call.
Did anybody tell you about today's action line in Miami-Hero?
No.
If you have a copy there?
Yeah.
What's the action set?
I'll drive you to it out.
Oh, yeah.
Okay.
I shot Candid.
In the action line.
I got put it.
Somebody spoke to a Neil Rogers of 8.
Oh, yeah.
That's where that came from.
I already read that.
Are you read that already?
Right.
Isn't that amazing?
It says here that you looked at the customers back door.
Right.
And I was out of the country.
That was me.
You came in measure.
I still want $150 by the way.
Thank you, sir.
There you go.
There's scouring it, man.
They're looking for something exciting down here.
Are they finding it?
No.
You want to know why?
Because there's one word to describe sound for.
Do you know what that word is?
It begins with a B.
Boring.
That's the word to describe this town.
Oh, wow.
Man.
Boring.
In fact, if all those people that are swimming across the, you know, between here and
QLIF, if they just know how boring it was when they get here, they'd go back.
Even as repressed as they are, they'd still go back.
Like, at least it's exciting, you know, fighting the cockroaches and stuff down there
like hook or rancher.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
I want to call from someplace in the US right now, not Florida.
I'm at line 9 or I'm leaving.
At two o'clock.
World line.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, where are you calling from, sir?
I'm calling from Fort Myers.
Ah, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
That's okay.
Don't be sorry.
Thanks for making your call, by the way, because now we can clear this line after you and
I get done and we'll get a call from New York or somewhere.
I've seen this bumper.
Maybe it's real field mass.
It said big bang theory.
God said it.
And that I don't know what he just said, but I thought it said, rhyme with something
with you, you see K on the end of it.
That's what he said.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's that number.
Now you ready?
You ready?
No.
877.
I bet you were going to get called from Rochester right now.
From study, somebody who's got a cell phone at Don and Bob's, who's having one of those
great ground rounds with cheese right now.
877, 785, 6345.
Are you up to the challenge?
No.
Can you do it?
No.
Is that your final answer?
No.
877, 785, 6345.
By the way, why are people talking about that show?
Have you seen that show?
Have we just filled in the, who wants to be a millionaire?
Half of one sentence.
Oh my God.
Stop.
Oh.
Oh, you already got to beat me to it.
George grabbed it and the line two.
What a horrible show that is.
What was that?
I bet you're final answer.
Oh, crank.
Terrible show.
WDQIN.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I can speak to you.
Where are you calling from?
I'm close from Miami.
From what?
Miami.
No chance.
Get out of here.
From Miami, I said I'm on here from a foreign country.
877, 785, 6345.
WDQIN.
Hey.
Yes, sir.
Calling from Rossville, Georgia.
No.
Yeah.
Rossville, New Mexico.
That's what it's for you.
In fact, that's where our wants to name hangs out a lot.
Art Bill and Rossville, they're actually still looking for those line sauces.
He wants to know if they're milky or flaky.
Listen to you.
You're not talking.
Did I talk to you the other day?
No, I haven't called you in a while.
All right.
Great.
Oh, that was Athens, Georgia, somewhere like that.
Some other place you're placed.
Yes.
Do you call it all over the place?
No, not the last two days.
This line's been pretty quiet.
I'm trying to look it up again.
Let you know, live down there for 10 years, moved up here six months ago, and listen to you on the internet.
Have work.
Really had work.
Yeah.
All right.
What kind of work do you do?
Insurance.
Like I said, I'm sure you've got plenty of spare time.
Yeah, you said I'm great.
Glad to be out of that place.
Yeah.
I bet it's pretty exciting up there in the Rosville, Georgia.
Where's that near?
Senior, Atlanta.
Yeah, it's north west of Atlanta.
Yeah.
Yeah, no, it's nice.
Are there some white people there, though?
Nothing but.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
I was going to say, if you do close to Atlanta, start seeing a little bit dark.
So the south side is somewhat unistarative.
Oh, dark.
What's your cargo, birddark?
Yeah.
So we got the thrasher's, they're pretty rough.
Falcon for a week.
I can't talk to them to you.
Just not a good sports night.
I got the choking braves.
But you know, life is more than just a ballgame.
That's what we say here.
Yeah.
It's not a good place to be a sports fan.
Well, thanks for setting your very best here, and thank you for making your call.
You're welcome.
I have a great day.
Okay.
And a great life.
There you go.
Rosville, Georgia.
All right, gee.
I knew I could do it.
Goddamn it.
Oh, I got a headache.
I think I got my cranial fritz.
Seriously, I got a work at headache just from the energy.
I had to go through just to make that line ring once.
Well, I've said anybody thinks this is a tough job.
Squeezing blood out of a turnip.
Getting some response out of these back.
There is the question of the day.
The question of the day.
Do you care where mankind came from?
Are you concerned about that?
Is it of any interest to you whatsoever?
Do you care?
Yay or nay?
Okay.
Do you have a crap?
Somebody cue I am?
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm calling from Florida, unfortunately.
Whereabouts?
On each.
Oh.
I heard you're up.
What was that?
What was that?
That.
What is that?
That's the thing.
It's a little in my, in my warehouse.
It's all, okay.
Hey.
We're all from?
Yeah.
What did you say?
Where we're all from?
Yeah.
Click.
Okay.
Thanks.
What is in Palm Beach?
What do you want?
5667-0560-050560 on the AT&T line.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
I'm Carl from Chi-Line.
Yes, sure you are.
Okay, what's that?
That's okay.
Brighton.
Run to Quite.
Fear point.
I found out I got robbed of enrages for the same years.
Why is that?
10 years I got robbed.
I used to go, have tickets to the Amherst.
Yeah.
I used to go every week, every game.
I came down here, saw pants or games.
Yeah.
And I'm pissed off because in Rochester, I never saw a pet squad.
They never threw me a t-shirt.
Right.
I never heard Gary Glitter.
Didn't they have a little blimp drop in a little sheet of paper for worthless crap?
I saw no blimp.
Yeah.
I just made it a social ad.
It was bastard.
You know what they gave me?
Hockey.
Yeah.
How do you like that?
Okay.
Thank you.
Everybody's making their statement and then it's a...
Yeah.
Goodbye.
There you go, sir.
And there's a guy from a real city, Rochester, New York, where the men are.
A man and a woman of God, beards, too.
That's a great place.
God damn it.
The weather sucks, but it's a wonderful city.
It's a clean city.
Few too many sparses down there on Joseph Avenue.
But it's a great place.
Can't go back, though.
Can you?
Can't go back.
Oh.
Every place I go back there on OK Terrace where I was born.
I wasn't born on OK Terrace.
But nevertheless, the first house.
All black.
All black.
Go out there on Huntington Park where my rich relatives used to live.
All black.
Isn't that amazing?
No matter where you're from when you go back to your old neighborhood, all sparses
are there now.
No white people.
I just heard a rumor by the way that there are three billion black people just in the United
States.
And I think that could be true.
No, seriously, I just read that the other day in USA, the day, on the front page.
It said there's ten billion black people in the US.
It's just that the census people don't like them so they don't count them.
I just went back to my old neighborhood in North Carolina.
And the same amount as before.
None.
None.
None.
I bet you I went back to Canada and they went to New York.
There'd be the same as before.
None.
How do you like that?
There might be a few nuns.
I wonder if they have any child molesting priests up there in the finger likes.
You think they might have one or two?
Yeah, they probably do.
Because somebody told me not too many years ago that they have had a tough time recruiting new priest up there in
upstate New York and like I told them they're running out of altar boys.
Twenty before two at five sixty WQN.
This is the Neil Roger show.
This is your brain.
Any question?
All right.
Don't you love Bill Bradley?
Don't we need Bill Bradley?
He's more than six feet tall.
Play for basketball.
Don't you love Bill Bradley?
Oh my God.
Yeah, we need him, Bradley.
He's gonna win the race.
People of him cause he isn't out for a job.
Did I mention that he is an out for a goal?
He played for the next.
He doesn't borrow sick.
Yeah, we love him cause he isn't out for a goal.
Oh, he has a job.
Not out goal.
Not out goal.
Not out goal.
Yeah, he's not out goal.
I'll play it one time more.
We love Bill a lot.
Mostly cause he's not borrowing out for a goal.
Well, don't you love Bill Bradley?
Okay, bad haircut, Clarence.
It's 14.2.2.5.60.
We'll look at that.
You don't have the right equipment.
5.6705.60, 0.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Where are we going?
We've got 8 million calls.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, what's up, Neil?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, first of all, I don't know what mankind came from, but I know what we're going to.
We continue to condemn young black people like that young guy.
He's 11 year old kid and shot somebody and now he's going to jail for life.
Yeah, that doesn't make sense to me, man.
I mean, it's over.
Why not?
And let me ask you, is the guy that he shot?
Is he dead?
Yes, he is.
So what difference does it make how old is this when somebody shoots you and you're dead?
How much?
Let me ask you, is this a racial issue now because he was black?
I'm not saying it's a racial issue.
Oh, when I'm saying it's a...
I'm asking you, is it a racial issue?
I don't think so.
Oh, okay.
Thank God.
Well, maybe to the white people is right now.
You know, it is not.
I think civilized people, I think that if you kill somebody, you're going to pay for it.
Exactly.
You should pay for it.
I think so.
So what do you think they should do like slapping on a wrist?
No, I don't think you slapping on a wrist.
Think of his allowance?
He should listen to this.
He should pay, okay, he should pay for that.
But I mean, the 11 year old kid, I waste my life.
Man, you make him stop listening to your rap music for six months or something.
What are we supposed to do?
And it's not rap music.
And it's funny how white people make the best, like they create the biggest crimes in this world.
And black people pay the price for it if you want to do it like that.
Oh, no, no, no.
It is a racial thing now.
You just got through and tell me it wasn't a racial thing.
No, no, because you're trying to squeeze it out of me right now, near.
You try to squeeze one out of you.
You try to make a racial thing.
No, I am not.
Yes, you are.
No, I am not.
I'm asking you what kind of punishment you should get.
I'm trying to tell you and you're not in here.
You're making jokes for me.
I wasn't a joke.
I mean, I'm just saying to you slap him on a wrist or you put him away for a long time.
You put him away for a long time.
Well, what's a long time?
But not 400 years.
How about 80 years?
No, I don't think so.
How about 50?
Let the young man grow up and then.
Let me let the young man grow up.
What does that mean?
The young man.
He's 11 years old.
He created that.
How about Lee, how about Lee a pulled and Lee?
Remember that?
You ever read about that?
That's a perfect crime.
Yes.
Yeah.
And they were young men.
Did they let them live?
No, they did not.
Well, how come nobody was wondering about saying that?
Why did they let the young men live?
Well, that's not the answer.
That's what I'm trying to tell you.
How come this kid should be an exception?
Why is he different?
He's a little younger.
But why is it different?
When you kill somebody dead or not and you have to pay for it.
Okay.
If you have to pay for it, he should be a first guy.
The first 11 year old kid to go away like that?
Why not?
There's got to be somebody who's got to be the first one.
He's got 11.
And he's got 11 anymore.
He's 13 now.
You don't teach people to grow up to be civilizing and beings like that.
That's what I'm trying to tell you.
The current justice system doesn't exist to teach anybody anything.
It exists now and it's going to punish people for something.
Not to teach them anything.
Okay.
Obviously, not working as a deterrent.
So you have to punish people.
You're right now.
I agree with you.
I say fry his ass.
How do you like that?
Fry his ass.
Fry his ass.
Well, you're stating to himself.
Thank you.
God bless you.
I'll pray for you.
God bless you.
567-0560.
What do you laugh at about?
He means he's a good guy.
He just pissed off because this little, you know,
this little show is going to jail for a long time.
I mean, if he was white,
well, I can, okay, okay.
I don't care what color he is.
When he pulls the trigger like a guy said, he's dead.
How about if those guys that, you know, the lynching and Texas?
How about if the guys that would have been driving the truck
would have been 12 or 13 years old?
They stole the truck, you know, 13-year-old kids can drive.
How about if they would have, you know, they would have been that?
Should we let him off?
No.
Definitely we shouldn't let him off.
Fry the ass anyway.
Got to take responsibility for your actions.
Let me say it again.
We talked about that yesterday with his tobacco craft.
And all these goddamn phony-beloney lawyers suing everybody.
This country is full of suits, just like the cheap ones Greg Reed wears.
And those horrible ones the beastlies wear.
Suits, suits, suits.
Everybody's suing.
Take responsibility for your own actions.
You kill somebody.
We're going to, we're going to like really do it to you, okay?
Have some respect for life.
And don't tell me an 11-year-old kid doesn't know the difference
between killing someone's crap away and not.
Please.
And I'll pray for you.
Here's Poppano B. Chilla.
Daniel.
Yes, sir.
Is this a saint of Bible on I-Pernit?
The Bible?
Yeah.
Are we back to that crack?
No, no, no, no, please.
I'm with George.
I think it says...
I'm with George.
I think it says...
For us.
I'm with George.
That's what it says.
You're with George?
I'm with George.
I don't care where we came from.
Yeah.
But I do find it interesting.
No, I'm from a sample.
From my sample.
No, I don't know.
I don't know.
When it gets to be my age, you'll both say, no, it's not interesting.
When you're running out of time, you'll say, I go and have fun.
No, no.
Yeah.
It's like the class this morning, the more complex it gets.
What is it?
The more you look, the more complex it gets.
Yeah.
I mean, it's...
I think it's interesting.
What's interesting?
Well, just, I mean, the more you look, the more you see how it is,
all interesting.
Listen to the sports nerds that call up the station.
You want to know about the Jimmy Listen Daddy that I would agree with that.
You don't think so?
No.
Yeah.
Say in other words, you're more worried about the ballgame.
No, I couldn't hear less.
Oh, that's what I just said.
It's more interesting than...
