Hey, Neil says right way he had nothing to do with it. Oh, he is okay. Well if he denies it, it's fine
Yeah, it's kind of hard to take a dump on your standing up yoldie. Oh, is that what happened? Yeah
Well, as you saw me taking a leak there, but I did interesting well
No, but I'd actually left and then no you hadn't left you were standing right there
But you know that's interesting what you wait behind me and wait and by the way you're off though because wait
You hear the fact is just thinking about D. Foe and his appearance at the annual Florida classic this year
What and his feet well I'll save it
Yeah, it's great
I'm gonna be well. We all got a piece together living somehow
Yeah, D for you are bad. All right. That's gonna do it. Yep. Hold Jeff free forest. Oh wait a minute
Come on. You gotta. I mean, Neil you have to admit that boat campers taken over the whole title
He's on every show is on the list by the way local celebrities. Yes, he's on here along with Luther Campbell
Loose gonna be there keep buyers
Terrell Buckley
Jeff DeForest Mark Clayton. Oh God and Roy
These guys didn't mention the gun show appearance today
You're in some pretty good company. I cannot believe you did that. That's gonna do it for you
Went for the gun. Yeah, he was teeth folks. He was real teeth popping shotguns. See if I mean come on
I wonder he's on 400 shows for which we find out what it's
How much am I good?
Anyway, we got Jim Man is coming up at two o'clock Kim Boca for a six o'clock the
Marlins in the San Diego Padres at 10 o'clock and I apologize for the bathroom description. Oh, you know what I didn't know
Now you're gonna back out this thing. Yeah, it's unbelievable. So you want me to go and take a lead
It's stuck like a toy. What was it?
Brutal in the air gonna be like oh my is there any way to pin it on Jeff? I from sales within her again
Wow, all right Neil Rogers straight ahead at 10 o'clock
This is sports radio 560 w-a-m my amy fort Lauderdale
Sports radio 560 w-a-m my amy fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Roger show
I talked to Neil called 5 6 7 0 5 60 toll free for date and Brad or pound 5 60 on your cell phone
The opinions of Neil his guests call her sir anyone else on the show did not necessarily reflect those of wqam
Beasley read acquisitions or the Beasley broadcast group now Neil Rogers on sports radio 5 60 Q a-m another break already
When you come through their back door
Oh
Got someone to find
A little more
Pete. What big stage
Um no no
Homo who in my choice. Okay. Okay. Turn gary mom, all right
Getting no
here.
Why?
That terrible accident.
Oh.
Poor poquito, Jarbo.
But what a way to go!
Ha-ha-ha!
Cапso!
Uh, this one's so almost to happy,
Siros.
Day-mo-choo-mo-choo happen when
you come to Zervoch, both do kind.
I can't do this, too much young,
when it's today or Monday.
Hey, we finally met yesterday.
I want to find several things out. First of all, the Ricky Martin, the matter of how you
slice it, Ricky blows. No matter how you define that, he really blows.
And number two, people are obsessed with that business of, you know, speculating about
celebrities and about, are they straight, are they gay, are they, are they, and you know,
the reason we do that is because it's fun. It's fun to speculate, even though of course,
most people never really know for sure, except in a few cases.
Speaking of knowing for sure in a few cases, talk about deep hole, man. So we keep getting
these faxes back here from, you know, people are just too stupid, I guess, to figure
out. Oh, this is from that more, by the way. Good guy, but evidently not burdened up to
figure out this is our fax machine in here and the sports holes have their own fax machine.
Hey, Nat, guess what? Get a life sweetheart. This is the Jeff DeFlorist, Ray DeFlorida
Classic. Jeff, thank you for participating in the 16th annual Florida Classic as this
year's Master of Ceremonies. As we previously discussed, you shall receive a fee of 500
dollars on the, I have said performance. Attached, please find a schedule of events and
a list of celebrities scheduled to appear on Thursday, May 13th. And it's got a list,
man. Wow. Look at this list. Dick Anderson, Kim, Kim, Kim, a boat camper, Bob Ritzinski,
throughout Buckley. I'm unable to attend interawction, but he'd be there somewhere. Keith
Buyers, Luther Campbell, and it goes on and on, Don McNeil, Ryan McNeil, Don McNeil from
the, it goes on forever. Ricky Martin, they'll all be there. And DeFlor's getting 500 bucks
to appear. Okay, there's, oh geez, am I turn up the pages for the, huh? Hey, we don't
pass these along. We're not serving as a guy to impact service for the sports nerds
on this station, okay? Sorry about that, not. 500 bucks. So when you stop and figure it
out, DeFlor must be knocking down, you know, some pretty good bucks. In fact, I have
in my, maybe during the next break, I can go into my briefcase because I didn't plan
this today, but I just happened to come in this morning to find that facts. And I have
in the briefcase, DeFlor's a copy of his original contract. We left IOD member those days.
Any of our veteran listeners out there, member those days when he left, IOD kind of
like disappeared in the middle of the day and see his good, close golfing buddy and drinking
buddy Steve Nichol, even got turned on him like a worm and came over here QAM. I have a copy
of that original contract. So we could kind of like sit down and figure out what the,
the TV show on, he's got that show on whammy. He's got the one on the sports channel,
the dog racing show, the highlight show, the celebrity golf thing, the thing in between
half times at the PP Park at the Dolphin games. This is a man. No wonder he's got a rough
marriage, you know, he's knocking down like 14, 15 different jobs just to squeeze out
of living this poor bastard. That's why we need to say. And you notice every day he gets,
I wouldn't be surprised by the end of this year that he puts the books to the shame.
He is growing like topsy man, like a world like like, you know, what is the opposite of
anorexia? There must be something, there must be like a clinical term where you just blow up like
a balloon. Am I right? Gluttony. God almighty. He's just the only sports showdown. Is that what
you were thinking? Sony sports showdown. That's one of, well that's one of his 45, 50 jobs.
Like I said, I wouldn't be surprised if he's eaten out about 100 and a half a year with all those,
uh, 40, 50, 60 jobs he's got. Easy. Maybe 200 a year. And then he's got that Saturday morning
trade-out show here on QAN at the Sony sports show. Oh, that's what that is. I don't know,
I don't listen. Do I listen on it? Am I ready for it? No. I love that pro-mots. Are you ready for
the, and I always know. No. I bet you're ready for this, though. Star Wars. This is the first
thing I saw in the facts between this morning. In fact, this was just before we had the Jeff DeForest
that embarrassing fact that said, don't need 50 dollars. Star Wars, this is from our good friend's
front-row ticket brokers. At least their migrant friends do it since he don't like him because they
don't get him any tickets. Haven't they ever gotten anything for you? They gouge me. What do you mean by that?
They gouge it to me. For what? For us, stupid belly tickets. For really suck belly tickets.
The wife and kid wanted to go to the nutcracker. So I got really good, the nutcracker.
The little and I paid out the, yeah, with, Joe Castellas as he tickled him to the nut shaver for a lot less.
You paid up the ass. Bracked him to go to the nutcracker. Well, good nut. Anybody that wants to go to that
crab. Anybody that would go to that pseudonym intellectual crap deserves to get ripped off.
Anyway, can I do this thing, please? Front-row ticket brokers in Aventura has got a special deal
for all you Star Wars people out there. It says an ex, and I don't have no idea why I'm putting this
on here because they're not a sponsor rating, but you know, maybe I'll get some free tickets someday
to something I want to see, which is definitely not Star Wars. Oh, come on. Don't you want to see
Star Wars deal? No, no. Don't you have an interest in? No. Even if they brought back Mark Hamill
with all the pieces of his face put back together again. Boy, can you imagine what he looks like now?
God. I bet he has left ears where his back home used to be. He's got problems poor Mark. Since he
wrecked up that car, his, in fact, I understand he went back in a closet. Oh, there he goes again.
You people, you think everybody is, yeah, we think everybody is pumping. Anyway, you can purchase
tickets for opening night for Star Wars Wednesday, May 19th at 8.15 PM or Saturday, May 22nd at 9.15 PM.
Seats are $20 per person. All tickets are for the all new beautiful AMC theaters at the
Aventura Mall with stadium seating and movable armrests. All right. I like the way that I mean,
that's underlieve an exploration, a movable armrest for you fat lardas. Yeah, for you fat slabs
or anybody who wants easier access to the person next to them. Call now. Be one of the first to
see the movie that we've all waited 15 years to see. Have a nice awesome of you. And here's
the numbers for our, our ticket brokers. Should I give the number out? Even though they stiff you
on the ballet tickets in day 305. Oh, I'll just give out the toll free number from anywhere. 1-800-446-TIX-PIXX-1-800-446-8499.
20 bucks a pop and you can get opening night tickets for Wednesday, May 19th, 8.15 or Saturday, May 22nd,
9.15 at the AMC theaters at Aventura Mall to see star wars. Am I going? No. Are you going? Yeah,
you'll go. Maybe they'll make up for the ballet tickets. And maybe they'll look up for that. Sure,
they were. Why not? I thought they were a good buddies front row. They're your good buddies,
apparently. I like them a lot. Screw you. 10 minutes after 10 to 560, your small potatoes. 560 WQAM.
Oh, good guy, yo. That's what I've been paying for. The ticket costed $150.
We've been waiting for so day and long to see something kind of stuff all day long.
That's what I'm like, you know, my baddest rock to wait in the last few tough fairs out there.
And that's all. That's what the last one is.
You're a wedding. You're the city again. Stop.
You hear that. That's what we're getting for. There ain't no here.
Stop. Well, yeah, yeah. That's what we're living for. We're going to see you say it again.
Stop. Well, good guy, yo. We shot with the Jedi. Bring on the top trooper.
I don't want to hit this any hype involved in that because of course we know that it's absolutely
low hype involved in that Star Wars thing anymore than Ricky Martin by them.
Before I get into Star Wars, let me just ask you this. This is very disturbing to me. I have all
this money tied up in the other market, mutual funds and stocks. I know nothing about it. I mean,
absolutely nothing. Although I'm doing pretty good. I must be lucky. Sometimes you do
bad and they'll suddenly make a comeback. But like yesterday, I find out that the street.com is an IPO,
a, you know, is going to be on the market and it's going to go through the roof. There's no
question about it. Okay. Initial public offering IPO. You know what that is? No. No, seriously. So
anyway, I knew I was going to go through the roof and it opens at 19, but not for the public. Maybe
somebody can call and explain this to a more I'm like me and the rest of us to. I don't get that.
IPO. There's only a certain number of people that can buy it when it first opens.
Like at a very low price like this open at 19, then went up to 73 and closed at 60. It leveled
off at 60. Wouldn't you like to buy like something at 19, even if you had $100. Or like, you know,
$190 bucks, 10 shares and sell it at 60 for 600. I don't get that. Maybe somebody who understands
a little bit of something about the market and explain to us this whole IPO business. We got
somebody on there. Hello. Yeah. I wanted to explain about the IPO. Please. Okay. The IPO,
whenever an initial public offering first comes out, it's a. They'll buy an underwriter. So the
underwriter gets it at 19. Right. That's the price he's putting it at. But for the public. So the
underwriter then shows it to the public. Secondary market added a different price. So probably go out
to like 60 or something like that particular one. Right. So that's how it works. So the investment
banker, the underwriter, he, uh, he priced it and then that's for the primary markets like for
our big institutions and big financial guys. Right. So the so the small, the pons like us,
we get the shaft. Right. The secondary market is called. Okay. Thanks for reading those. Thank you,
sir. God bless you. There you go. That's very simple. Again, the small people, the rich get richer
and the rest of us get crap. You know, and sometimes it smells real bad like the one that we were
talking about before. That's, uh, that sucks. That blows. Just frost my ass a little bit. Okay.
You haven't got a trinement chance. It's like the racetrack. It's like everything else we're
just gambling involved, which of course is what the stock market is all about. It's all an insider's
game and the rest of us were just hanging by our thumbs. IPO, my big fat ass. Okay. Yeah, that's right.
You could have bought it at 60 and so or maybe my luck. I could have bought it at 73 and sold it at 60.
Don't get a bull crap. And of course, Robert Rubin is resigned as the air. He's going to resign as the
assistant, whatever the hell he is at the Fed. What the hell is his title? He's the Treasury Secretary.
That's what he is. Sorry about that. Even I know that. And he's going to be replaced by Lawrence
Summers. Okay. So we got a Jewish guy that everybody likes being replaced by some Goy. And now everybody's
nervous. The market took a big tumble initially. Now it's making a little bit of a comeback. In fact,
that was down 95. The next step I have a book. But in the beginning, and it goes to Shorya, like I've
said for years, it's all so such bull crap, you know, all emotion, just like the thing with Star Wars,
just like Ricky Martin, the whole world is based on hype. People give all panicky. It's Y2K. It's the
end of the world. Whatever it is. It's that pack mentality again. It's not like calm, reason,
rational, especially when you're talking about something as important as money, which to most of us
is relatively important. I would think money cash like our life, you know, something like that.
You think there's something a little bit more rational involved? No, it's all strictly wild emotion
and hysteria and the pack mentality. Oh, the market, the street is psychotic because Bob Rubens
was designing the street. Okay. On the street. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Good morning. Yes, sir.
The leech should have won the game last night. You know that. Okay. What do you say? You're a jackass.
See, I'm not a crybaby. Okay. Yes. Pittsburgh got a greasy goal and the puck still hasn't
gone across the goal line, but you know something when your defense plays as poorly as the leaves,
and you blow a one goal lead three times in a game, you deserve to lose the game. When you have no
defense in your own zone, what they let guys walk in when it'll defense them. Bobby Dulles and
Yuri Slager walk right in on a defenseless court as Joseph Twice is scored two or three goals,
two or four goals, whatever it was, then you deserve to lose. See, we don't cry. That's one thing
about the leaves, about the organization, about the fans, about the players. We're not a bunch of
crybaby's like they are in Pittsburgh and Philadelphia. We don't cry. So I'm not going to,
a number one. I'm not going to play any highlights. That's for damn sure because we did lose the game.
And number two, you know, it's one game. They still got a ways to go. I am crestfallen and heartbroken,
and I'm depressed and psychotic, but not surprised. Because when you got that young defense that just
the man, oh man, oh man, it told us, this kid's going to be good. But like Don Cherry said last night,
just stand there and watch. Okay, tell us God forbid you should go out there and hit the guy,
or do anything to get in this way. Just kind of stand there like in frozen suspended animation,
and then get out of his way to make sure he's got a real good clear shot. God,
but we're not going to be crybaby just because they got a fan-ten goal last night. That's the
difference between people with class and people are always crying like that. How do you like that
wooding on us? Is that depressing? Oh God. See, these people are we hate like, and it's not just
me and George. It's a whole audience. They hate you like poison. Just the sound of your voice
is enough to make them all over the living room carpet. Here's a lady in North Miami. Hello.
Hi, good morning, you. Yes, ma'am. What happens in the IPO? You have two things. The end derider
gives some shares to their big clients. And number two, the company itself dictates to the
underwriters who do they want the underwriters to give the initial shares. So it's an inside deal?
Absolutely. It's all fixed. It's all the way around the inside. You can buy it in 19 or whatever
the stock is you're talking about. And then at what point did they decide it goes public?
Well, it goes public after, let's say you have a million shares that they offer.
Once those sort of amount of shares are distributed, the IPO then it goes public and then it's a bit.
But how do they determine it's a bit? How do they determine that?
Oh, yeah. You want to pay, you know, it's like you want 20 shares and they said, okay, whoever
gives me more sell it to. It's like a free market. It's like an auction. Exactly. Oh my God.
What kind of a crazy system is that? It's crazy. Okay, thanks for the bad news.
See some glad I didn't get all excited about the street.com because then I would have got all
pissed off and been undershaped and figured I got screwed over real bad. You know, because if I could
have bought it in 19 bucks a share like, you know, a schlepper like me, I could have bought what?
10,000 shares, not that I would have. At 190 grand then at the end of the day you got 600 grand.
That sounds pretty good to me. But that's just that's just the way it goes. You know, like I said,
the rich good richer everything is on the inside. It's like when republic industries first started
there are three or four bucks a share and Shula, you know, he got on the inside and Dan
Marino, Danny Boy, all the guys who are already millionaires, Wayne lets them all on the inside.
And then it goes down to market like 25 or whatever the hell it was or in fact it was more than that.
Number before it split, I think it was like 30. And then of course right now it's in the toilet.
By the way, speaking of being very happy because it's not important that you succeed but that your
enemies fail. Paxen deeper in red ink. That's right. Even though their revenues went up and their
ratings went up a little bit, first quarter revenues went up to 51 point, went up 54%. But first quarter
lost widened from 4.4 million last year to 25.1 million this year losses. So forget about how much
revenue they had. They're losing their ass buddy, but I love it. Even God Jesus and Moses can't turn
that thing around. Probably could turn that ship around. Probably those god dang Italians built
them up as backward, whatever it was he said. Fony, phony, hypocritical, piece of turd from New
Earth New York, buddy by Paxen. God, what a what a demented soul that man is. Oh, if you can,
you got to give me those peaks of 20 shares. What is that? What is a peak of 12? Oh, by the way,
nice column about the ratings again, Tom Jikker. You know something, I think that we ought to have a
new contest since you already got your $200 employee of the month thing long, long since the new
deal is which will appear first. Blufflin, Z's new desk or the article by Tom Jikker about the rating.
Oh, and see, there's no embarrassment factor in this market. It doesn't make any difference that
the thing came out two weeks ago. Jikker's in no hurry. He'll get around to when he's good and
ready. And of course, his thing is, well, nobody really cares about the radio. See, any real major
market in the country, real underlying, even like in the TV in New York, they write over the
radio column every day, or at least two, three times a week, whoever heard or reading a major
market newspaper, and forget about the television part, I'm talking about a radio column.
When the last time you read a radio column here, except that, you know,
Mike Rineri went to a JNA because Tom likes Mike, Mikey, which I'm not, don't big-grudge Mikey,
anything, you know, more power to him. It's strictly a question of who does Tom Jikker like,
who does the guy over at the Harold? What the hell is his name? I can't even think of his name.
Terry Jackson, is that it? Terry Berry. They're all Andrew Jackson. They're all named Jackson. Jesse
Jackson. Michael Jackson. God. That's what they write about. Whenever they get around to it,
if they're interested in it, then they'll write it. It's like Rick and Sudd. Now, I'm assuming this
article is coming out sometime this week, so it's being threatened. And the fact that Rick and Sudd
moved the mornings up on INZ to the highest they've ever had since they became the stupid top
network and they dropped the all-news format, is he going to write about that? Of course not,
because he hates Rick like poison. So it's whoever Tom likes, then he'll write about it.
And he won't mention the fact that at night we had our lowest ratings on here because his buddy
adds on there at night, and he goes to the track together and he fills on his shoulder. So it's
just a cluster fork like I tell you all the time. That's what it is. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hello, Nate. Yes, sir. I wanted to give you a little bit more
straight information on the IPO question. Okay. An IPO is an initial public offering.
You've got a private company that's doing public. They want to sell shares to the public. They want
to do that to raise capital. Yeah. They get together with an underwriter who helps them set the price
that they think represents the company's value. If you're the owner of the company, you don't want
to sell shares cheap. You want to raise as much money as possible. Right. So the underwriter and
the company determine what value they think they can move the shares at. Yeah. Therefore, the value
that it comes to the street is actually pretty close to what the company thinks it shares are worth.
And if you've got an IPO that comes in at 19 and goes out on the street at 60, the public is paying
a hell of a lot more than the people who run the company. I think it's worth. You wouldn't want to
give away something that was worth 60 for 19 if you own the company. No, but that is not my
point though. But the point is that there are x number of shares. However, the number of
I'm looking at any article here somewhere. However, many shares that we're in the beginning that
were the sold at 19. Right. Well, what happens is you've got two kinds of
public offerings. You've got a best efforts offering with the underwriter that is, look,
I'm just going to put it out on the street for you and I'm going to take a commission.
And the other is the underwriter says, I'm going to buy all the shares from you. I'm going to
give you my money upfront. And then I'm going to take the risk whether the street wants this or not.
We're all getting a distorted view because of this dot com stuff. But the fact of matter is
there are thousands of IPOs every year. Most of them come out on the marketplace, sell for what they
were originally priced at and then go down in value. It's only the frenzy that's going on right now.
Everybody wants the piece of the internet. And most of these things are going even the internet
stock. A lot of these things are going to end up being down once people realize who the winners
are. Right. Okay. Got no question. The guys that get the first shot at the spits, the underwriter
is IPO or the people who buy stuff from them all the time. Okay. Well, I had a break anyway.
Any finally said crap. Well, thank you, sir. That's 27 at 5.60 Q. And we want a deal.
Fuck you.
Now I know why this golden boy could get close to the wall. I remember the big
son when he whipped it out from behind the separate came a foot more trousers.
In order to grab my I gotta get a tweezer. Now I know why my wife said I could never pleaser.
I think he's really proud. I look he was so in doubt. I had to look the way. I think that he's
really proud. I had to look the way. I hope he don't think I'm gay.
Yeah, don't take a peek. Okay. Because then people will start talking about it all over town.
1032 at 560 WDQ and this stock market stuff. Well, I don't want to start doing a
rick Riley show. We'll have numbers like they do. Oh, I'm serious. I mean, it's very boring.
And it's yeah, although the prospect of being a gay trader is really no. Seriously, I can't tell you
the number of times. It's like the thing at the track. I'll be watching races on the satellite
from some other track where I can't make a bet. And the number of winners that I pick strictly
either by picking the driver or whatever it is. The name of the horse, whatever. All the time
happens frequently. But actually, you know, going to the track and vetting your brains up,
that's another story. And it's the same thing with sitting at home and watching CNBC and you see
in the morning, oh, I know that's so and so whatever. Whatever that stock is going to be,
it's going to go through the roof today. It's like what IBM was down to 90 bucks a share.
And I said to myself 90 bucks. I mean, that was back in October when everything was going
fuck me. You were all panicking and selling like crazy. And I said to myself, I should just plunge
my brains out in IBM. How could anybody not believe in IBM? I mean, IBM is like mom and Apple
Pi and that stuff. And now it's like 216 bucks a share. Huh? What a schmuck. AOL. There's another one.
That was down to like 76 bucks a share. Now it's like almost double that.
So I think it would be a lot of fun to sit there at home all day, you know, taking a lot of
medication, of course, plunge in your brains out. Can you imagine the stress? Can you add
you in your blood pressure just skyrocketing as one day you just, oh my god, everything goes through
the bottom. The bottom falls out. Anyway, there's a couple of letters to the editor every day. We
scour the letters in both of these so-called newspapers. Never failed to come up with some really
bad ones like the first one. And then a really great one like the one this morning. Oh, god,
is there a good letter in here? Here's the bad one first. Let's get this out of the way. This is
in the Sun Central, of course, from a guy named Dick Hackmeister in Fort Lauderdale. You know the
Hackmeister? Why oppose pro-life tag, he says? I mean, is that like- Why? Yeah, what kind of a question
is that? How sad it is with the recent Colorado school massacre and the Girl Scouts anti-violence
drive to read some of the people who are against life. Public message is exterling death,
seem to be everywhere. Although, when governor Booch wants a pro-life message on Florida license
tags, the pro-death people object shame on them. Says Dick Hackmeister. Shame on them. Shame on you,
you jackass, you dick. See, this- it's always the same message. They always pretend it's like prayer
in a school. They don't understand. Don't confuse them with the fact that they're offending people
with opinions that don't- that they don't agree with. That have no- no place in government-sponsored
things, whether it's license plates or public classrooms or any other place. They always pretend
they don't understand this. Don't confuse us with the fact because we're just trying to save everybody.
Against life. Against those- these are the fetus huggers again. They're obsessed with fetuses.
I didn't know any fetuses got shot in Colorado by the way. Did you? What a letter that is.
Another one of those obnoxious, idiotic, pathetic, one-dimensional. But here's a great letter to
make me feel a lot better about life. This could be the best letter to the editor I've ever read in
my life and in our local papers. From Holly Dority in Sunrise. This is in the heraldis morning.
And leave it to somebody who's a freshman in Piper High. We love Piper High by the way. WKPX
number one radio station in town. And the heading says religion not the issue. I'm a freshman at Piper
High School in Sunrise. I would like to object to the May 6 letter that said that ever since religion
has gone out of the school system, violence has come in. I'm vice president of my class,
a good student, and involved in sports. I also happen to be an atheist. I have never committed an
act of violence. Religion is not an issue in this recent way of the school violence. Lack security
and failure to notice at risk lonely kids is the problem. Sign Holly Dority in Sunrise.
Let's hear it for Holly. Okay, it's got more brains than a lot of her elders put together.
Like any 50,000 of her elders all put together. Oh, if we just had the 10 commandments up there
on the wall, if they all just dressed like a bunch of monks, right? Yeah, if they all were like
the monks, maybe they could go around molesting the other kids. Maybe that's what they might start
doing. I mean, talk about this. The kind of mentality you're dealing with. What kind of juvenile
narrow little kind of minds are you dealing with when people come up with these cliches as answers
to grow test societal problems? You know, if we just put our heads together and prayed,
yeah, that'll do it.
Pray to that God. It's busy, that SNM God, you know, that's busy doing those tornadoes at Oklahoma
and Kansas and everywhere. And of course, every now and then somebody gets saved so it must be an
act of God because the good stuff, that's God, the bad stuff, that's nature or maybe even the devil.
The devil done it. Nice going, Holly. God bless you, sweetheart. I'm talking about
God. Yeah, the only God that we know. Holly, I'm saving that. I'm saving that litter. If we only
had more letters like that, if we only had more people who were honest, more atheist, egg, whatever
the hell they are, I don't care about the label, more people who know it's all a pile of horse
crap who would speak out, but it's always these other right-wing goody-two shoes with their
simplistic answers and trying to shove all their furry tails that everybody else has got them
throat. That's what America has become. In fact, somebody was on the other day and said very
accurate, I think it was Dick Gebhardt. That's what the Republican Party has been taken over by.
I told you that back during all that penis-gate crap. The Tom delays and all these other right-wing
fanatical lunatics. They've taken it over. It's not even a political party anymore. It's just that
God damn religious is a sect is what it is. 22 before 11 at 5.50 WQM, you know that the Lord
even loves Neil Rogers. And now we see the president getting ready to deliver his address.
He's in the oval office with the gold drapes behind him and he is preparing to address the American people.
I laid from Belgrade in Surrey. There you go. And you go molten. There you go.
And they God bless America. And they amen. 1044. And they...
They're God.
Bless America. 1044 at 5.60 WQM. I got you. Mad Dog Mandits for Hank today.
From 2 to 6. Then we got Volcan for 6. And then we got the Marlins who won a game last night.
Anybody interested in... No. Okay. Marlins at San Diego at 10 o'clock tonight.
So yeah, Hank's up in Baltimore at the pregness.
I'm going to get into that in just a second by the way about everybody is someplace else.
The little dog is up in New York for the next heat game. I've come to a great conclusion. It took
me all these months. How long have we been here? Let's see. 12 and 4 is 16. It took me about 16
and a half months to reach the conclusion that I'm going to allow us to announce in just a moment.
Which George will fall off the chair when I tell you this. But before that, here's the
fastest receipt from our good friend Kenneth over at All Points Limous Service. Is this member
or him? Yeah, just give him a referral this morning. Well, today I received a call from
one of your listeners who was in need of a limo for Saturday night. You guys were kind enough to
recommend my company too. We were able to provide him with limo for his wife's birthday for this
Saturday. I just wanted to drop a line and thank you for the referral and extend an offer of
a complimentary ride to any of the three local airports for either you or Neil. Of course,
when you ever going to fly anywhere. When's the last time you flew somewhere? Vegas, New York.
Oh, about two, three years ago. Two, three years ago. I'm a slapper. You know that. I know that.
But I mean, isn't that embarrassing? Sometimes I got people coming in from out of town. That'd be
nice to pick them up in a limo. No, but that's not. I'm not talking about picking somebody else up.
I'm talking about having you and your family being whisked in a limo so you can get on a plane
and actually, maybe next time, you know, I pay overpriced tickets for the ballet, I can take the limo.
Oh, okay. Anyway, it says Neil shouldn't be parking his bed at the airport anyhow. He says.
So anyway, this is for our good buddy Kenneth Halpern at All Point Flemaux Service. We love them.
I almost tore that up. Don't do that. Say that. Gotta stick that in your pocket and keep it.
So anyway, I've come to this incredible conclusion. I know this is going to sound insincere,
but I say it from the bottom of my parts. Yeah, I was at the contrary to what Geltie said
at the end of the show. Of course, he's got to make up these stories because you know,
it can drive controversy and who the hell cares about that stupid scroll ball, you know.
And somebody did take a really nasty one under this morning, but nevertheless.
So I come into building a ticket leak and George is in there with Geltie, by the way, which is kind of interesting.
Oh, but they were like, you know, different parts of the tea room. George was washing his hands and
Geltie was washing his whatever they were doing. And I'm taking a leak and there, the conversation was
about somebody not getting paid for doing something or whatever the hell it was being expected to do
this or that. Oh, by the way, speaking of that, had something to do with the Panthers that Geltie
was doing. And yesterday as I left here, Hank was out in the hallway procrastinating again,
getting started for the show. He's in the hallway. And he's out there with Mike Hansen's Steve Dangerfield
from the Panthers organization. And there I am walking on a hall and Hank says, oh, here comes Mr. Hockey
now. And of course, they were like, you know, I mean, they've been very nice to me. Mike and Steve,
they've been great to me. They brought me that Panthers. Jersey opening night Steve Dangerfield helped
me to get those great seats where I am now in the arena and the brand new arena. He's, you know,
but they hate me like Poes in any way because it's the Panther thing, you know.
So I didn't waste a second. I mean, I started writing about how come you guys are like, you know,
sending us to select to see things and the new prices, which are a little bit higher, but not too bad.
And you're not asking any questions about what we liked about it. And they say to me, oh, didn't
you get the question there? I said, no, we must have left you out somehow if you're in it. They left
me out. So then I launched writing the thing about the gold lights. And then of course, a second
later, I get on the elevator and go down. They're just getting on the elevator so they had no choice.
They couldn't escape me. And I'm going, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, you
like that about the gold lights, about being able to see the red light. And they're asking me,
well, which ones do you think are the best ones? Yeah, no, sir, they were serious. And I said,
oh, the ones like they had it made police gardens, you know, where they're two red lights when they
flash around in the green light. Oh, yeah, well, I would be good. So I think maybe they might actually
do something for next season. I just mentioned that in passing. And then also in passing, I was
telling them I was at the aircand of the center in Toronto and they said, oh, yeah, how did you like it?
And I'm telling them comparing the two places and about how the food is much better up there. But
that we got a better arena, much wider aisles, et cetera, and so on. And they're asking me when I was
there. I said, oh, I was there. I was there. Not the least beat the panthers 9 to 1. And they said,
oh, they ran out the door. What does that have to do with it? What had to do with Gellie again?
Talking about all these things, about knocking, paid for certain things. But then we, the three of us
got into a conversation in the toilet about this place, which I think there's something, you know,
there's a connection there being in the toilet talking about QAM. And there's really a whole
evolutionary process that I could probably spend the whole rest of the show, which I won't do a
monologue about the way that this place is developed. I'd have to leave certain parts out, you know what I'm
saying? Roll! I'd have to leave certain things out. Like about who's got naked pictures of whom,
which we already know by now. But the fact is that I can't get the words out. I can't say this.
No, seriously, I, I, I sat here this morning thinking this, I know this is going to be a complete
turnaround and you're going to think that I'm saying this to stir up something. But I'm not.
This is the best place I've ever worked. Now look at George. Look at that. No, no, and you want to know
why? I know why. No, no, it is because, see, I never understood how good it was until this morning.
Thank you, Gellie. See, Gellie, you can understand why he's so grateful because he's working here and
they leave him on the air. And everybody's going, hey, look, look at him. And they just, he just
keeps virulent as way along. You know, collect it a paycheck, have it a good time. You don't want to say
you can't complain about the management here because there isn't any.
They leave you will, not only they leave you alone, they just, and look at that. Just as soon as I
said that Mr. Bulba's, oh nice notes today, by the way, finally, he'll look. They, they're oblivious.
I mean, they just, they're gone, you know, you go out of town a couple of days. As long as the
spots get on the air, they don't care about anything. And Greg Reed is in the other room right now.
Yeah, that's right. He said, we don't care. Just get the spots on the air, get those checks in here.
And look at his guy. He, he looks like he just swallowed a God-dain durable.
Either through his mouth or through his rectum somewhere. It's true. This is the best place
that George and I have ever worked. We didn't understand that it took us 17 months to figure that out
because I'll tell you what also inspires me to say that this morning I'm watching CNBC. And there's
a thing under about Cox Broadcasting just bought some big cable company for $3.2 billion. Okay,
this is the same Cox Broadcasting. It was whining and complaining about how WIPE was like, you know,
not what was losing money and they couldn't make it work. And they like, they sold us to a
grave robber, a faction. They took all of our lives and they just threw us to the wolves. The same
Cox Broadcasting that they think they're our good friends over there, you know, Bob and Cheryl and
all those other lunatics. 3.2 billion. They bought some cable company. They don't give a crap about
people. I'm not saying here that they care about people. Here they're just, they all like
care about his getting the spots on here. But they don't care about anything here. That's the
good part. I mean, there's nothing, anything. They're just here. It's just a club. It's just
a fraternity. It's evolved into this. That's why everybody's been able to set up their own
little empire here because it just, it just happens. This place is on, you've heard a Jefferson
pilot. This is autopilot. Yeah. This, this company is on autopilot. It just happens by itself.
Everybody, they're lucky too. Everybody shows up every day. Can Karee shows up? He grinds through
that power 96. That crap machine. They got over there. Oh my god. They got every ethnic young
Gauhoulio and the Schwarzer and Tom listening to that crap. Hoochie, Hoochie music. They're cranking
the cash through there. It's unbelievable. And then Bob the K cranks up that country, that
shot kick and crap over there on the kiss. They're kissing it. Another cash cow. The money is just
pouring through there. And then over here, of course, bluff comes in there and sits in a little
high chair next door, which is a beautiful desk, by the way. I complimented on this morning,
walking through there. He sits in there with his high chair, looking at those poor no pictures,
he gave me yesterday. And that's us. And we just all come in every day and they could happen.
And the money, you hear these breaks on here. We got commercial breaks longer than some of the
programs on this station. And the money keeps cranking through and cranking through and they
don't spend any certainly not on QAM. They don't spend a dime. You can't complain about our
promotional budget. We don't have any. Oh, look, we got rid of him. Thank God. What was that?
He got a phone call. And he actually took it. Wow.
So like I said, I know and the money they pay a lot of money. Not paying you a lot of money,
but you're doing okay. You managed this last year. You live. Yeah. Look at that. I'm
going to be between Wami and all the other resorted stuff this last year. You managed to fake your
way through a reasonable year. Don't forget all those high priced appearances. And all those
high priced appearances like your big appearance down at home, that last Saturday where we had the big
people show up. That guy that called yesterday, you know, sir, I hope that I don't wish anything bad
on anybody in our audience. Okay, even the assholes. But you're really ought to go to a church or
show or you ought to take up religion, go to the Buddhist place, go to see your neighborhood monk.
Because that's bad. He had his wife and two kids in the car could have been a force him. Could
have come and seen you. And if you would have had four people down there, you would have thought,
especially if they would have shown up late, you would have thought, well, this at least it made
it worthwhile. Somebody came by down here in Homestead. They would have gotten all the prizes.
That's and you guys would have gotten all the prize. You could have spun the wheel to all the prizes
were gone. Even though it was probably a bunch of crap like we usually give away. So this is a
major bullet. Neal Rogers has just discovered like a year and a half later. This is the best place
I've ever worked in my life. See now that it was finally we don't have to, at least I don't have
to sue many more to try to get my bonus check on time. Oh, God, I've got them trained. I've got
them conditioned. And now I realized that all the preconceptions we had before about the way
the business is supposed to be. It was never that way anyway. The other people just put on a big
act like they really care. Like the salespeople cared over there at the Paxen. No, they're the same
bozos or that Cox broadcasting that they give a crap. No, in fact, the Cox broadcasting,
all we ever used to get was, oh, don't bother us. We don't have time for you guys. We do
busy selling the hurricanes in the Dauphin. That's all we ever heard from because we didn't have
separate sales departments over there for sports and the talk shows like we do over here.
It was all the same people. Oh, don't bother us. We got all this stuff to sell so we can like hope
to break even on it. And then Cox broadcasting has got the Hutzba to buy some goddamn cable company
for $3.2 billion today after they sold us down the river. And little Bob Neal comes down here
from Atlanta. Well, we've sold you to Paxen and we couldn't make a dime with you bastard.
And I got better things to do than come down here and tell people I just sold a stupid radio station.
Like he's so important. Little shrimp, two feet tall, little Napoleonic piece of crap.
And by the way, Bob and Cheryl, I'm not calling them anymore to wish them happy birthday
because you guys think you're going to buy this station someday since you're not.
The games that people play, the little manipulations and little, you know, trying to like, you know,
don't try and give me a song of the dance you care about my life. Now, thank God that I'm here. Look
how much better I'm doing on this station than it was over there at WI. Yeah, we had Phil and we had,
you know, we had, we had the stuff that was, who cares about that? Why the hell should I care about that?
Phil's doing great in Los Angeles. He's making hell of a lot more money than he was ever going to make
here. He's heard 50,000 lots all over the guy. They have moisture in the US of A. He's legendary. He's
doing great. We're doing fine. Maybe I've been born again. Maybe that's what the deal is.
Seriously, I've had a rebirth all thanks to taking a liquid guilty in the amensium.
That's what did it. Thank you, guilty. I even take back what I said about him. He still sounds
like a little twerp, but nevertheless, he's grinding it out. He shows up every day.
Except, of course, when the hockey team is on the road and he's doing his bustman's hall of
in getting laid a lot on his road trips, but nevertheless, who might be grudging, okay?
So, yeah, you can't, that's the problem. You become conditioned. You become conditioned into thinking,
and for me, that's bad because I'm the one that's always saying, don't be intractable. You've got to
try new things. You have to keep an open mind. But unfortunately, after a very long time, like the
first two, three hundred years in his business, I have conditioned myself into believing that things
are supposed to be done in a certain way. Like, you're supposed to care about the clients. You're
supposed to care about all these things. And here we don't care about anything. Except, get the
spots on your ear, bring in as much money as we can. That's it. That's the, that's the,
like, DNH, do no harm. Very simple. We got a new attitude. Right. We got a whole new attitude
here, baby. Yeah, we're kicking ass. Thank you, Guilty. Now, you talk about unlikely,
huh? Is that unlikely or what? The Guilty would have ever been the one out of the mouths of the
babes, out of the mouths of squeaky babes. He ain't no babes. I'll tell you that. But nevertheless,
thank you, Guilty, for giving me a whole new insight as to what life is really all about. And,
you know, some of these people that are always saying, well, what do you, belly, I can, but you're right.
You're right. No, seriously, like Monday, you know, when I mentioned the checks and Merriam was
in there within five minutes and had those two big checks, including the bonus check, which you
saw that once into, like, right through the envelope. I took home more money on Monday than a lot of
the, than probably most people in this audience will take home in a year, right? So what am I
complaining about? But why, what do I care if the spots get on or not? I don't care. Conscience,
who needs a fricking conscience? I'll give an example. Pompadot Park. They don't care. That's the
next spot right here. They don't care. They're, they're, they're, they have an attitude just like we do
here. That's why I like Pompadot Park. We don't give a crap. We don't care. We'll pay you for it and
do the spot. Just put a bunch of stuff on here. What we do happen, I have something special tonight.
That's right. Tonight is May 12th. So check out the special harness racing discovery night party at
Pompadot Harness.
From how to shoot, well he really loves the side of what? No way that guy on the cute.
I'm a hummus, I don't know. Not the red neck with the sides on the internet. I'm a lifetime
member of the NRA. That's why I race the Guns of Rose.
I'm glad that you're on the run.
1.02 at 5.60. What happened to the overhead here while I was doing that spot? Something,
you know something I think it's an act of. Oh god. Yeah, something happened in here.
I think that we're having like a non-religious experience here today. Man,
the evolution of WQAM as we know it today. And we got screw-an back there and
say all she runs her little empire because she can because nobody gets in her way because she's
got the pictures and then we got the water not see back there. She like bosses everybody around
and bitches everybody around and like siphons out the water run outside of the building because
they don't have color again over there for those four bastards like we do over here because she can.
Because she's got naked pictures. So everybody here basically thinks that they run a place because
nobody really does. That's why it's become what it is. But the good part, see when we were
downstairs on the second floor that wasn't too good because it was like a mystery. You know,
but now that we're up here there's almost there's not really a wall but there's almost like a
dividing line. The way things are built, the studios for us and the sports nerds are all like on
one side and then like way down the hall. There's like a separation point where they got that power 96
production studio where Johnny Hameene is whatever his name was. Jam and Johnny was cranking it
those few days. He was cranking it in the music too. And then way over on the other side you got all
those other people with their titles. All those important people like Ray Perry and screw in and
the water Nazi and Greg Green. All of those people. So this is great. We got Jeff Cohen is going to
take a nice shower for us before it comes over here. Thank God. I don't want anybody ever coming in
here smelling like the nephew did the other day by the way. Oh and there's poor, you know, we were
talking about you this morning, Joe. Poor sheltered Joe Costello. Maybe that's why you're so upside
about feet. Yeah. I mean, if you think he's upside about feet, you should have seen that express
not as push. When yesterday he saw all those naked pictures that we got in that package.
All those guys with big oh my god. Especially the Momotura Ackman's head on it.
Well, you know what I'm talking about. I mean, you're just sheltered. It's so sad that you're so
American. For God it's supposed to be Italian. You're not at all Italian. But Italians would never
have reacted to those pictures the way you did with such like a gas. You know, it just ran
out the door like, you know, speechless. You're going to get gayness on him. Gayness as in Greg
Luke as in Greg Lou. I'd you like to have a picture of that, huh? I hear any feeling to well,
I wouldn't be having Greg on you. But at any rate, seriously, they're just so many Americans just
like poor little Joe Costello who are so anal-be-tender but so sad. Good guy, but just needs to get out a
lot more. Get out of the house. You know, I mean, you know, and I realize you don't want to shave
your nuts out in public so you can still do that in the house. But other than that, get out of the
house. Walk outside, sniff the daffodils. Check out what real life is all about. He is so freaking
American. But even Joe would agree now, I think, that this is the best place to work in the world.
Even though he's not making any money. He's on the year now on Saturday morning. Even though he got
screwed over by somebody by the salespeople. But he's on the year there with that racing show.
What's not to like here? We got free food coming today again from a ponytail. All the food you
could ever want to eat. We got the guy coming with my, what's his name? Mel? No, he's not coming. I,
just got to show you in on that. What is that mean? I'm not getting my thing today. Not today.
Well, I got news for him. I'll go out and buy one then. Then do that. What is it? Why not? I'll tell
you it during the break. No, tell me now. Sam and I just decided they would want any merchandise
leaving the store unless it's pre-paid. So the guy missed his window this morning before he had
to show up to work to bring it down to you. So it needed to be paid ahead of time. I couldn't
give him a credit card number. And I said, well, if we call you with a credit card number or if
Boca Brian goes down there with a check and you still bring it today and he said, no, I can't
leave work. So why can't Boca Brian do it? I don't know. I haven't spoken to him yet. Well, why don't
you call him that little large piece of turd? Okay, that bald head of geek. I got his check anyway.
That's incentive for him to come down. Let him pay for it. Now reimburse him. I got my check.
Don't screw up my day now. Jesus, just when I finally hit the high, I finally hit it. I'm finally
on top of the world. I finally, after all this time, realized how great things are. And now you're
going to screw me up with the CD burner rate coming today. I'm sorry. I want it now. I'm
going to sit around and wait forever. I go down to loop back. I see what they got. I call up first.
I call my good friend Greg Nelson. And if they want, got what I want, I'm down there two hours later.
They got all the paperwork done. Here you go. Here's the keys. They have a great life. I'm out there
on the road singing a song. That's the way to do things. Not diddled around and drag your feet. Let's
get with it. Okay, I'm real disappointed with those people that mel guy down there. What is the name of
Jesus Christ? What kind of a deal is that? If Boca Brian's listening, I'm sure he is. You better
get with it, Mr. Okay? Or we have a great reduction in that those extra funds you've been
getting from this place. Mr. Triple Dipper. Sam Ass. Famous. See, I don't understand that.
They should call up our good friend Kenny at the limo company and put the dancing in the limousine
and send it over here. Wouldn't you think since I'm giving them free publicity?
And by the way, John Penis, while you were in here, I forgot to mention now, thanks very much
for not helping me get any of my good stuff from appliance TV. And the same goes for my good friend
Gary Sarner that was talking a good game out there smoking a faggot two days ago sitting out
there on the stoop. But never came in here to get that things straight. Not about that camcorder.
Everybody here talks a good game. See there I am again. I'm backsliding. Stop doing that. Okay,
you just decided how great it is here. I mean, just the fact we got a few assholes around here.
What do you expect? We got a million salespeople. They brought a new sales guy in here this morning.
Frank, have you met Frank yet? He seems like a nice guy at least so far. Of course, after a couple
of weeks, he'll be an asshole. Because he, well, it goes with the territory selling here.
And it'll probably be hanging out with a Peter Leonard guy. Oh, does that guy give me the creeps?
Have you met him? Do you know what I'm talking about? Doesn't he give you the creeps? Oh,
God, it's slimy. Okay, what happened? Boca-Bride says that Mel is an asshole. He's going to talk to
whoever he deals with at San Ash. He was a good guy who can make things happen. And...
Oh, yeah, right. And if he had Boca-Bride, I don't want to... I'm done.
I'm done. Screw up it. What?
And if he can't accommodate us today, he will drive down here and bring it himself. Boca.
Today. Today.
Like that? Like he's doing us and doing me a big favor?
No, but he's just saying... I took this guy out of the gutter.
I took this guy out of a dumpster, okay? He had a gun to his head in the dumpster. Am I right?
The most depressing human being on the face of the earth. And like, maybe he'll do me a favor,
okay? And drive down here from Boca. Like, and he'll interrupt his busy agenda,
his busy schedule for the day. Man. Like I said, things are pretty good, but they still could be better.
Oh, man. When you're surrounded, see, that's the problem with his town's slow. Everybody is
real slow. They don't know about, hey, hot tour. Get away out. No, they don't know from that.
The heat's always good. Excuse. I don't think it's that anything to do with a goddamn heat.
It could be 20 below zero. It still be slow.
Nine minutes after 11 and 5. 60, but the QM, this is the defining moment in my life. This
particular day right at town, May 12, 1999. I don't know what it is. It must have been taken
a leak with Gelly this morning. I mean, I didn't expect it for him to hold it for me, but...
Mornings on 5.60. Sports value radio will never be this way. Starting this Monday.
It's the dance Stewart and Brian Andrew show. Oh, we're by. We insist the soldier and Howard
Clind all we're flying. On 5.60. WQ A. Amber.
When you can see it, you're gonna song. We're smoking in a bomb. 45.
Five. Five. Five. Five.
Let's get the next day.
That's the next day.
45. Five. Five. Five.
That's hell. Let's go to 75.
Let's go to 75.
Let's go to 75.
Let's go to 75.
Five.
Let's go to 75.
When it was easy but jailed and the new girl needed smokey five. Five. Five. Five.
When it's a black crowed and tried many crimes, smokey five. Five. Five. Five.
If you're gonna get a bullet, grab the gun, find one.
When I come on, let's go. Let's go to 75.
Let's go to 75.
Let's go to 75.
Let's go to 75.
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.
Let's go to 75.
Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.
Yeah.
Let's go to 75.
Roy!
Everybody's so loud!
Well, there's some work here but I forgot because I smoked too much five.
Five. Five.
I lived in a lot of balloons and everybody out there was smoking five.
Five.
Five.
Four.
Three.
Two.
Three.
Three.
Five.
Okay.
Oh, right.
Four.
Yeah.
Okay, it's 11.16.
So next another thing I left off the list of the great benefits we get being in this neighborhood
here in Little Jamaica is we get all the free weed that we want.
Yeah.
From our good pines on's all around the hood.
So I open up, first of all, I get this envelope here from the petribune in Hylia
and it's addressed to a WQANN is in Neil, care of Neil Rogers.
So automatically, you know, that whoever addressed this, he's an asshole.
Probably she in this case.
I open it up and here are four complimentary tickets to strap yourselves in.
Right to the here there's two of the catch show at the day county youth for an expo center.
The catch show may 22nd and third 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. sponsored by frisky.
No less.
Is that incredible?
Anybody want to go to the catch show?
No.
Anybody want to go check out all the pussy at the no.
No, okay.
By the way, speaking of that, there's a grotesque story.
I don't want to waste a lot of time on this, but being the dog lover that I am,
being like a real human being.
See, real people love dogs.
People that are like, I don't even know how to explain people are in the cats.
People I guess are anti-social and therefore they gravitate toward cats because cats are anti-social.
But there's this horrible column and thank you Clark Spencer by the moment.
I first saw this in the heraldous morning.
I thought, why is he wasting all of this time on his hearts and flowers story about this poor
little dog Benji over there?
But then I read this story and I thought, you know, what all the other crap that they write about?
And the 500 articles about that bad boon ball that they're playing now.
This is a good column by Clark Spencer to show you what a bunch of assholes,
especially Ken Dunn over there at Calder Race Track.
I want to say this to you, okay, Ken, you're done.
You're a jackass.
Ken Dunn at Calder?
He's an asshole.
Yeah, always has been.
Always been a real jerk.
And the Churchill Downs people at Ball Calder Racecourse,
what this article is all about is a 17-year-old mutton named Benji
who's been hanging around there at the track for years and years.
He's like the track mascot and he's, you know, a great little dog.
And all race tracks everywhere.
There are dogs around horses all the time.
The most amazing part about this is that they've got cats and goats.
It says which are a much higher number than dogs at Calder as in most race tracks.
Cats are valued for keeping a lid on the rodent population and goats are favored by many
trainers as they're coming into once for overly nervous horses.
So cats and goats are okay, but they want dogs out because Churchill Downs had an incident
up there at the Churchill Downs whenever a dog frightened an injured or horse up in Kentucky,
Churchill Downs.
So therefore the owners of the organization who just bought Calder Race Track decided
that dogs are bad and should be allowed at the track.
Every racetrack I've ever been at, there's dogs all over the place.
And here's this poor little Benji who has been hobbling around after hitting run accident
back in the 80s on three legs, who everybody loves over there and they want to kick the dog out.
They want to force them to take the dog off the track which George Julian, the trainer,
which him and his wife owned the dog, take care of them. They say that removing him from the
environment where he's like, you know, in probably kill a dog. 17-year-old little mutt,
isn't bothering anybody. They want to remove him from the track. This is the kind of assholes we
have running around this town. And in Kentucky too, a Churchill Downs. I hope that somebody
pees on your parade up there, okay, Churchill Downs. God, what a bunch of assholes.
So and then perfect for this town, man, I'll tell you when Churchill Downs bought Calder Race
course here in South Florida. They fit in like a rubber glove, just like all of condo commandos,
kicking everybody out because they got pet suit or kids or whatever it is. That's the Florida
FM mentality, man. I certainly don't want to make a cause to live over a free-legged dog called
a president Ken Dunn said. But if you make an exception for Benji, then the next step is the
free Benji mode is that every person back there is going to want a dog. Why is that, can you, Jack S?
Why can't you just this one time, even Michael Corleone made an exception one time in a Godfather?
Why can't you do it, Mr. Hot Shot? I say that everybody ought to make this into a cause to live.
Either save the dog there at Calder or just stop subsidizing them over there. Screw them.
Of course, everybody stopped going there anyway, right? Especially now that Highly is running.
But what am I so want up about today? It must have been taken at Lake with Goli this morning.
My life is just, now what's the deal with this thing? Have you got another call?
About me. They have it. Who has a plan? Are great boxes in a plan?
DVD poll, yes. They have a single recorder by Pioneer.
What would an only single recorder one that you can't do from one to the other?
No, in other words, you hook it up to your stereo. I don't want that.
Well, that's all they have. That's all they have.
So the search continues.
I mean, I'll call it.
No, it's not a search. It's not a search. What bothers me is that Sam asks is,
what I want. It's not a search. They got it. Didn't the guy yesterday go out of his way to say,
I got it and what do you want? We'll set it aside for you.
Is nobody said right here on this guy named Highly, where he's going that everybody in town is listening to?
So you don't promise me something and then like shine. I don't care what the policy is.
I got the best guy that I'm crediting the world. I got a 8 million credit cards. We could have given
him a credit card number. If the guy don't trust me to give him a check, what you see right in there?
Here's the witness. George can see my checkbook with these checks, which I don't read any bad checks.
Okay, Mr. Hotshot. God, you try to do business. You try to give somebody your money.
And here we had people calling in yesterday and with all these other deals saying,
oh, you should buy the other one, attach it or whatever the hell was the other one guy said.
We had a half a dozen people saying, oh, this one is cheaper and it's much better and this is,
but I had already made a deal. And being a man of my word, I figured, okay, and also being lazy.
The course of laser resistance, bring it over. Here's the check. Let's get the deal done.
Give me my goddamn CD burner. So I can go make my CDs and listen to what I want here instead of
a bunch of crap on FM Radio, which blows in this market. There are things that big song on a dance,
because everybody talks about everybody talks a big game. When it comes to producing,
yeah, that's what you get. Here's a mirror, Marr. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
God, this guy's been on there 52 minutes.
That's all right.
I've been rambling on here like a maniac.
Buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, I'm out of control.
It's funny. I agree with most of everything you said.
I just want to add my two cents about the IPOs.
Right. Every of the other callers were correct.
I just wanted to add there is a securities and exchange commission rule
that the initial principles, the people that get in it, the, you know,
the local parties, right?
They have to hold the stock for 90 days after the IPO. So if it goes to 60 or 70, whatever,
they can't get out. If in 90 days it goes down to $1, you know, they're stuck with it.
Right.
So that's an FCC rule.
Most of these recent ones, as you know, most of the internet IPOs have gone through the roof.
They started four or five or 10 or whatever.
Right. This one yesterday in 19 and they go up 150, 210.
It's ridiculous.
Well, like you said, that's the hysteria, the meaning of it.
I mean, I wonder, you know, like eBay and some of these other ones,
what the hell they started in Yahoo.
I mean, we're talking, those two guys that started Yahoo to one or Asian kid
and the other guy has partnered, they were like, a couple of college guys,
a couple of goofballs. They had a piece of, and they're billionaires now.
Right. Right.
Couple of Yahoo's.
Right.
Well, I just want to let you know that, you know, you said, well,
the guys get rich, well, they do their net worth does,
but they have to stick it out.
So they have to stick it out.
Right.
All right, Neil.
Thanks for a good news.
Take it easy.
OK, so at least maybe there are a few people getting burned by it,
which we feel bad speaking of a CD, burners.
You'll have it by the end of the day, one way or to other.
Well, based on who?
Vocal Brian Contact.
His contact is there.
Yeah, you know how ridiculous that's how this contact is.
Yeah, his connection.
Yeah.
Is there.
So either he or Vocal Brian himself will bring it down here to you today,
before why does the Vocal Brian just pay for it?
And maybe he has a big plans today.
I don't know.
Oh, really?
Yeah, but that won't be the later night, I would think.
He's not like ponytail.
He ain't doing it in the middle of the day.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
And let's get back to that great letter in the editor.
How come we've had no response from all our atheists out there
in Redierland, a Holly Dornie?
Here's a girl.
She's a freshman.
And you know something?
I give her a lot of credit because in this goddamn country
that everybody's intimidated by these religious assholes.
Very few people have got the guts.
They've got the hoots, but even come out of the atheist closet.
That's a bigger closet than any other one you can think of,
including the one we were talking about yesterday.
That's the biggest closet of them all.
And here's a girl who's a freshman at Piper High, who's
a great student vice president of her class, whatever she is.
And she's a proud atheist.
And says, cut the crap with trying to blame everything
on taking religion out of the school
because it's a bunch of bull crap.
Where's all of our atheists out there
who want to congratulate Holly Dornie and say, amen and God bless you.
Oh God!
Right.
God damn it.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
You, you, and go, fuck yourself.
Man, every time I get it, hold it on, every time I put on my pants,
I can barely walk.
Joe, this is ever happened to you.
And you need fufthand pants.
Check it out.
Fufthand pants have a scotch-moll room in the front
of the factory's size and all around.
They've been pleaded in fufthand poll comfort.
Comes in casual, moat casual, or they have a popular white boy pose against the show.
Fufthand pants can put your two pounds of baloney in a fufthand bag.
Fufthand pants for dudes who don't catch a threat like an asshole.
See, so long, if you want to go and tell your man,
see just go and follow me, dare you.
You have great Italian food that's made by a Jew.
This one has lovely tainted nails.
There you go.
He's here, Jeff Cohen is here.
See, he knows China.
If he knows what's good for him, he does.
He shows up here, he gets himself an eye shower,
comes in here looking almost human, brings us a fantastic lunch.
And it seems as though, just since I spoke to you last before the last commercial break,
it seems as though my good close friends at Sam Asks have had to change your heart up there
in wherever the hell they are.
Where are they in Margate?
Yes.
They've had to change your heart.
Oh, I did have to just give George a credit card like my American Express platinum number
for over the phone.
Now who's bringing it down?
Is Mel bringing it down?
No, we'll be bringing it down.
Mel himself will be bringing it down.
Woo! Am I impressed? Am I impressed?
Huh?
No.
After they put us through that exercise, like I'm some kind of a goddamn deadbeat here?
Oh boy.
You talk about some people that need to learn a little bit about doing business.
Those people up there at Sam Asks in Margate.
It wasn't up to Mel.
I'm not playing that well.
I'm not playing that well.
I'm not playing the people at Sam Asks in Margate for putting Mel through the ringer.
And we wish him luck in a new job.
In fact, maybe when he leaves here today, he can go like start on a new job.
And don't forget the discs, Mel.
Yeah, and don't forget those discs, okay?
I want 30 of them, which I'm not looking for free.
He's out paid for whatever.
I can handle it, okay?
I can squeeze it out in the cash too.
Here's a mobile in Kendall.
Hello.
How's it going, Neil?
I'm not waiting 55 minutes.
Sure, if we had a medal, I would send it to you.
Well, this story I'm about to tell you you like.
That's why I held on.
Okay.
First of all, yesterday I met one of our law enforcers.
My eye had this check.
I had absolutely no business dealing with the public.
First of all, this guy's teacher was just pictures of his old saw.
Black, brown, purple, with like, like, crummy stuff.
It looked like the guy just finished eating a egg and ham, croissant.
I mean, this thing was so disgusting.
I couldn't stand a look at it.
An old one?
Like a saw.
A hacksaw.
Oh, a hacksaw, young.
Yeah, a wood saw.
Okay.
So, I mean, this guy's keep with terrible.
Well, actually dealing with the public, I have no idea.
I mean, can you imagine this guy has to get somebody sick?
Okay, well listen, thanks for awaiting 55 minutes to tell us that.
Can you believe that?
55 minutes is guy.
Waited to tell us about hacked the wife or whatever.
It was hacked Wilson, whatever kind of other guy he was talking about.
And he don't even know what other guy is.
Boy, it's a miracle I can say that with all his cheese in my throat.
For my great lunch from the world famous pizza lock,
which you have co-instead in here, E.
What?
I wouldn't get carried away.
It's very, very good.
Don't say awesome.
I mean, it just, it sounds so self-serving.
I can say it's awesome.
But if you say it, it sounds so self-serving.
Pizza lock is great.
And we got a nice free lunch here right now.
It's a matter of fact.
And we got eight million open lines.
By the way, this is the only thing.
Like I said before, everything else in my life is great.
This is the best goddamn place I've ever worked in my life.
They leave everybody alone.
What are you looking like that?
Look at him.
Look at his face.
You haven't heard the story.
I had a rei.
I had a born again experience this morning with Geltie in the tea room.
Not that kind of experience.
I've just been there taking a leak.
And he and George and I had a little bit of about a 45 second conversation
that converted me to see the light.
Took me almost a year and a half of being in here.
And I realized that my way isn't necessarily the right way when it comes to this business.
I mean, like the right way.
Like doing real business.
This way is the better way.
You get paid a lot of money and you come in and you do your thing.
You go home to a clock and they just pay no attention.
You show up whenever you feel like it.
Oh, I'm going to take two or three weeks off.
Okay, have a good time.
Here's your check.
No, seriously, that's the way it works here.
It's great.
Oh, Joe Rose is going to New York for a while.
He's working for Channel 6.
Thanks going for ESPN to the pre-knist.
Okay, have a good trip.
You know, seeing a few days, whenever you get back.
That's the way it works here.
So the only problem I got is about a dead head audience,
which is, it's the same on any station.
It was the same on I.
He spent like 10 years begging for calls.
It was the same on Zeta when we had that ass kick in the show going into morning there.
After the novelty in the first couple of months, the following week, that is a draw.
Even on I and Z, when I started changing the format there in midday.
After the first month, I remember sitting there talking to myself,
I'll after our belly, it can bitch you and then carrying on.
It's not the station, it's not me.
It's this town, that ain't going to change.
So what am I getting excited about?
I don't give a fly and crap if anybody ever calls this show again to be honest with you.
Because look at where they, seriously, what difference does it make?
Am I going to get paid whether they call or not?
You bet.
Does anybody here pay any attention to it?
No.
They care.
They couldn't give a crap if it's a full effect.
You know something they would like if the phone stopped ringing and then they could take the phones out.
That's right.
Look at all the money we could save here.
Don't let Greg read here about this.
I want to clock the phones will be gone.
Oh yeah, it's a talk show.
But that's only we got to take phone calls.
Hey, good thinking boys.
Let's get the phone company out of line.
That's a sure way to get rid of those pin-and-ass phone problems we've been having.
Just take the goddamn phones out.
Oh!
God.
What a concept.
That's the way they are.
And what's wrong with being cheap?
What's wrong with being cheap prick?
That's what I always said.
Long as the paychecks come through as long as they cash, that's all we care about.
Lot of free meals like our friends at the pizza lot today.
And I'm giving Jeff 20 or 30 free plugs and why not?
In fact, I think you can move the phone calls.
I'll just sit here and give everybody free plugs.
Like if Sam asked shows up today.
And that unit turns out to work good.
Unlike that crappy cancorder that Gary Sardagami,
that I didn't write one that weighs about 25 pounds.
Like you can get a hurney of lugging it around.
I don't say I tell a guy I want the lightest, the most compact, the most lightweight one that money can buy.
Price is no object.
You know me.
I can afford a few extra bucks.
Okay, I'm not trying to Jew or goi anybody down with a price.
Just give me one at works.
And you leave it to a needle nose like Gary Sardagami.
And he brings me this, you know, in the beginning I thought it was okay until I lifted it.
And the USC and the camcorder too.
God, then it's like having an extra piece of luggage.
Who the hell wants that?
It weighs like about 85 pounds.
Here's a mobile in Davy.
Hello?
Mobile in Davy.
50 minutes and 9 seconds this guy waited.
Maybe Greg heard you and pulled the phones out.
Oh, I think Greg disconnected the phone.
You're right.
Here's a lady in North Miami.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, Neil.
Can you tell me?
I hear you.
Hi, I'm Kay.
Hi, you enjoying your lunch?
So far, so good.
Great.
I would go up a minute and have a chance to eat.
It would be great.
Great, great.
Well, let me talk.
You go ahead.
Go ahead.
Okay.
Yeah, that's a shame.
You had an Arnold's Royal Castle a while back.
Who brought the food?
Meaning what?
Well, Murray used to bring it.
Well, somebody else brought it.
Murray and bring it in.
I'm not Hudson.
It was Hudson.
All right.
I like Hudson.
Yeah.
He's a nice guy.
Yeah.
There's nobody beats Murray.
I miss Murray.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, I'm from North Miami.
I live down from where you used to live.
It's when life?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Remember Paul's drugs?
Yes, I do.
Yeah, I remember it very well.
I remember it from the back.
Oh, huh?
Yeah, they're gone, too.
Yeah.
I used to buy my stamps at Paul's drugs.
Me, too.
Me, too.
That's the thing that I remember.
Remember Murray's pizza?
Oh, my god.
I had the most delicious pizza.
I'll say that one thing.
Jeff Cohen, Jeff Cohen,
and Vlucky, they marry speeches out of business
because their place was dynamite.
Oh, absolutely.
We were one of the last things we could say there.
There across from the flea market.
Right.
I know what happened since all the schmarts
have moved in there to North Day
that everybody else moved out.
So all the places went out of business Paul drugs is gone Mary's is long gone
Yeah, a lot of a rib shack places up
Even barbecue barn went a barbecue barn went bust well there there, but they're not on by the same people
Yeah, although that wonder watermelon stands don't pretty good
Right up there by the golden blades interchange
Yeah, the spaghetti bowl. Uh-huh. Yeah, we get that major elections in North Miami
They have to have a re-election on Tuesday. Yeah, but between us the left team and
Frank Wolland. Yeah, see how that turns out. Okay, let me ask you something closing. Yeah, you're
Inclosure. You had mentioned earlier there was a cat show. Yeah, when is it please? I don't know how through the crap
I'm oh no, I was gonna I'm gonna second and twenty third that a county a youth fair
Listen if you're not gonna use the tickets
Okay, 21 before noon and five can I want I want you to stop and think about this, okay?
I have like a couple of calls on the board three at the moment, okay?
three
This for this broad this bitch calls here
Pretending to be like oh my remember this man with all this verbal four-play, which I shouldn't know that she had no material
What is she doing? She's sucking around for the free cat show tickets
The pussy lady
She's sucking around for cat show tickets
Lady, I hope you wind up tomorrow with 25 four balls deepen your throat. Okay, or something even worse
God
Story of my life like I said I'm all hyped up and I got my cut self-convicted everything is so great
But these call this town see that's that's the one I can't change that
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
That was one of the most shameless piece of direct calls I have ever had in my life
Unacceptable unbelievable lady
If I had 50,000 tickets to the freaking cat show I still wouldn't give me okay
Bitch
Most seriously that's a that's a bitch if you look if you look up the word in the dictionary her pick her places right next to the words as bitch
20 to noon a few I am you know provoked you have a heart or a liver
Shubbos but these up my ass
Shubbos but these up my ass make my world go rock and they will pop in with one
Time of the street shut those fuck pieces of my ass shut those fuck pieces of my ass
I got
Appreciate it if you're dating with all the own ads
Shubbos but these up my ass
Shubbos but these up my ass
You can't part your in the house light a minute
Easy or that way
You want my ex-fancy to last so don't pull them out to death first you start out slowly and speed up
Only by the last is about to pop
Shubbos but these up my ass
Shubbos but these up my ass
But don't tell me something is funny and lag behind my back
Shubbos but these up my ass
Shubbos but these up my ass
It should be okay not what I hate a blind lady gives me gas
Shubbos but these up my ass
Shubbos but these up my ass count all the blinding all all the time
The power of America again
Okay one fill these stories on here now okay Jeff Cohen is in here tell me all of these ass stories
I mean right in the middle of my lunch just unbelievable this guy's getting laid more than any 40 of you guys put together
But don't stop coming so okay
We got 400 open lines here 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T wireless line
I take it all back this place sucks okay is that make you happier you're no okay
Here's the facts from Bob as in Bob and Neil
It says after this horrible tragedy in Colorado and lifting all these simple mostly right wing solutions involving God and Jesus and the Ten Commandments and all sorts of other superstitions
So refreshing to hear that they're a rational intelligent young people like Holly of Piper high right Bob
I hope she stands by what she said in her letter will not allow anyone to call directly and judge me with any religious BS
The inevitable consequence of this letter of course is that some Christian asshole most likely someone more than twice a rage
Will respond to Holly's letter in a very condescending manner with more religious Bible verses and simple answers
Hurray for Holly says Bob the only one that has any response to what our callers. They were a non-plus. They got nothing to say
So like I said like my mother always says life could be beautiful
But an eight and this job could be sensational
But today because not of inside here, but because of outside because of these phones because of this audience because of these deadheads
5 6 7 oh I got news for I don't care though. Okay, I said I got a whole new attitude about it. I always like that pretty much a lot
Especially this song he does on his own with Madonna
Couldn't sing his way out of a paper sack
If you stuck a gun in his back don't you might like it, but it couldn't sing his way out of a paper
We thought of the me cut our song
There's anybody who thinks that this guy can sing
You
I mean it's like a joke isn't it? Isn't that like a put on?
What kind of a voice is that?
Be careful. I mean that's unbelievable
He made like I told you yesterday you laughed but he makes a reeky sound like a lease
He does
Boy oh boy
And this guy's making millions there's hope for all of us. Okay
I think they're disconnecting all the goddamn lines as I speak. I think I give him a good idea here look
I got two calls on a board
Here's a mobile and Davy hello
Hello, yes sir
Hey Neil yes, I am
God, these people do it. This is paradise limo and Davy
Yeah, and we want to tell you we'll comp you also when we stock our cars with soda. Okay. Great. Thank you
Here's the mobile in western. Hello
All right now I want me to need to want the pussy to get tonight. I got this guy wants a free plug. Yes
Boy both those people are you are last call sir. This is it. This is the end of my life
Just when I find a guy to like it is job now the audience crash out just like they always do the end this time
They turn on you like a rat like a cornered rat
Yeah, you know, I was gonna my first intro was gonna be you know
You really need to like your job when you get up in the morning
You need to have a good positive attitude
Right seem to have that at the beginning, but uh
It's these people are just calling in and making your life miserable. They're not they're not even calling in
I'm not even calling my question boy in the out just curious and I might be
Um
Stupid or something but how am I?
How do you guys get your ratings? How do you guys how do they
How do you know ratings every month as far as they pick them out of a hat
Well, you always seem to be getting good at good ratings because I'm lucky. That's right
Because I know the guy that picks he he feels about he feels the change. He knows which ones they hang out
I really think diaries that arbitrage sends diaries out to a various parts of town
And people fill them out and if they feel like it and that's the way they do it
Really they just mail in the people? Yeah
They call you first and they give you like a buck or some stupid thing like that and then if he happened to be an ethnic
They give you like two bucks or five bucks
To make it more likely you'll fill it out
All right, thanks me. I appreciate you have a good day. Okay. God bless you sir
Okay, the audience is on a material. Is that a bulletin? No five six seven oh five sixty
They got nothing to say about how he doready's letter to the editor. It's the best letter. I've ever written
It gives me hope for the future of the human race and this audience has got nothing to say about it
They got nothing to say about poor Benji this dog, you know that see that's what's wrong with you people
You got no heart you have no passion for anything here
They want to kick this little 17-year-old dog off the ground that called her because the people that run it now from church
You'll down our bunch of gray robbing assholes you show me a person that doesn't like a dog and I'll show you
Is somebody that belongs in a box?
I'll tell you that right now
Including the assholes of church you'll down including Kenny Dunn at called a race course shame on you sir
Probably security your own shadow
You know don't you don't want to step on anybody's toes over there of course because you don't want to get canned by the people in church
You'll bounce which I probably blow him out of there anyway
Here's a mobile and four-letter deal. Hello. Hey Uncle Neil. Yes, sir from from games. Oh, how are you today? Okay, sir
Hey, I was that last guy was stupid by the way
Uh-huh. I just wanted to make a comment you were talking about day trading earlier. Sorry to your show. Yeah
I wanted you to know I in my experience the day trade. I was sitting in a hotel room on a Friday afternoon with my laptop
Did this day trade made $11 or made $8,000 in?
Five minutes right eight minutes
So I thought I was a day trader Monday. I lost $11,000. Oh, right
So uh the yin and the yang man. It was an interesting experience
It's the old in and out it like in your bank account. Did you get to watch that least game last night? Yeah, I watched it
I saw that phantom first school, but I'm not gonna bellyic. I'm not gonna be a crybaby when you don't have a
It was an exciting game. It was it was it turned out the first period was a coma and the life two periods were great
And you just could feel that the leaves were gonna blow up because they're defenses young and in experience and they just uh
Frantic in their own end, but you know, it's only it's only two games to one
That's it you want your buy out stock tips for the day. Yeah
DMEC
Dreck or DMEC? Yeah, it's a diamond entertainment corporation. They're uh
Think they'll be bought out there by one of their one of the larger retailers in okay
I'm hoppin right on it 50 grand the word. Okay. Thanks pal. Great. Yeah. There you go DMAC hop on it guys
I think that's what we ought to do and there's nothing wrong with that see I was reading about that thing
We discussed this once on a year about the laws about um
Well, whatever they call it about goosing stock prices up hyping and if see if you if you are involved in that business
And you don't if you don't reveal that you have stock and in whatever company you're promoting
Then it's illegal in the SEC steps in but if you're not involved in the business
If you're not a broker or somehow involved in securities then you can go on and purple on anything you want
I say that's what we ought to do with a show instead of wasting our time trying to get rational call since we don't get any
Any huh? Is let's start making a lot of money everybody. Let's just start goosing up a pick a stock every day and we'll just uh
Whatever
We'll just pour that thing to the top push it up there, huh? We'll get on the internet and start giving bogus tips like they do
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
I really thought I was out of the woods here today, you know
I really thought that today was a turning point in my life until I started looking at this phone until I'd bitch called about those cat tickets
You know, I could say I had I found four sheets of goddamn shaman toilet paper
Slightly used on the floor here and within five minutes somebody would call say
Well, you know neogram off through all the toilet paper in a little box
And it's getting really rough over here and we feel like the two guys in that buttlight commercial, you know
Paper or plastic, you know the spot I'm talking about yeah
And how about uh, can we have that toilet paper
I'm serious. There's uh, there's almost nothing I've ever said that came into this place that somebody didn't want
Not and no matter what it was we had like that one broad. I got that old bag who's calling up and she doesn't even know what we're giving away
Here's a lady mobile and crawl spring. Hello. Thank you. I'm a first time caller. All right and how are you great? I am not calling for tickets
I'm calling to tell you I'm an atheist great that's what we need we need to we're gonna. Hello all the atheists
God damn it. I'm so to speak I'm calling to tell you that I enjoy your show
I'm calling to tell you that yesterday you said you were taking a card in shower by yourself
And I don't care if you're not straight or anything else. I would have given you a hug any day. Okay, and
I don't know a little nervous when you're on the radio for the first time. Yes, and
I like to show and I'm very happy with this new
Glow down because I happen to be Jewish by background and I'm tired of people always saying to me down
That's right. Let's go. I'm down
So that's a good one and I like that and I hope those people start calling in with things other than
Broken teeth on officers and whatever it is pizza-pollars and happy circus to him
Same to you. All right. Take care. Bye
5 6 7 0 5 60 worth the atheist out there in this audience
Don't tell me that I'm only heating around here me and George because you're in the goddamn closet
Isn't that the problem arching the closet?
But see that this is the problem the only people that speak up at this country are the right wing the
The fanatics the fanatical Graham and the Orthodox Jews those crazy people who those who are like his account in there
That crazy David but everybody else sits back like the cats got their tongue at the goddamn catcho in Dave County
Anybody want those tickets by the way? Oh
God, I can't believe though. I can
But I mean that she she she brought it sucking around to a new level that brought
I mean starts with that little small talk all this boring stuff about Paul's drugs and stuff people away
I mean Mary's pizza went out of business 20 years ago, honey
Miss Farch is took over North Miami
Uh 100 years ago
So I should have suspected but me know being in such a good mood in the middle of my lunch today
She caught me with my guard down with my right guard down
So how's Joe Castellan how that he and Tommy had a free lunches
He's been a little bit better about life and he won't act so a childish next time he sees naked pictures of guys with
Hanging out they're slap happy. Yeah, they're slapping it
Here's Hollywood hello
Neil yes, sir hey did you already talk about that Ricky Martin little riot yesterday? I don't know about anything about it
Really I guess you did it and I guess it was in New York at Tower Records. Yeah, I don't know
We performed a song I guess out in the street or whatever and like a mini riot broke out
Yeah, maybe they were pissed off. Maybe they heard it
Maybe they sent a noise pollution people in they might have been hey
Did you and I'm sure you already noticed that and whammy so best for now they put tens on every night at 11
They haven't noticed because they don't watch whammy. I've watched it since our show enough
I don't want the only thing I ever watch on there is a couple once in a while out of a sadistic thing. I'll watch a Marlon in or two
Right, yeah, I don't watch it right. Hey, uh, you don't have that grainy picture that they got on there, you know
You don't happen to have any jupe-ons for that. I catch you. Yes. I do hang on
Okay. Yes, then that guy uh 500 jupe-ons for it. Okay
For the sketch show. Oh lady you are something honey you're you're the epitome about what this town's all about
Can I have that for free? I don't care what it is. How about that toilet paper? He was joking about if you really got it
Won't take it it's slightly used, but it's recyclable
Oh, what a place four minutes till noon at 560 QAM
Yeah
If the Rex
I'm gonna kick off my shoes
drip off my dress
It makes me wet when I see you get
up big erection
That's too big for my mouth
I want it mercenary and a top of you
And take it up my room or change it to
Give me an earfax that
And nail me to the wall
He are
E-T-T-I-O-N
I want a drape door ball
I want your love and quality of events and suits your losing
And then I'll give it a blow
Here's a warning and get
As they get to
I please don't tell you take up and if I want to wrap my lips around
You're clothing too
And make your wonderworm explode
That's my rare uh
And it's on the circus side
E-R-E-T-T-I-O-N
I want a drape door ball
See I said another time
On a little bit too big this warning that I was deluding myself
And of course the colors have brought me back to reality
Because the phone is dead as a doormel
I mean how can I get the phone to ring at some sponsors place
When I can't get my own phone to ring
You know what I'm saying?
So what the hell does Todd Drek expect?
Yeah here's the latest episode and see
This what happened when you got a place like this
There was nobody running it
You got everybody running around in the hallway
Talking up a blue streak
Like Todd Drek in ourselves department
And of course we know about him
He's a man so
To say the best that's an understatement
In fact you know something that's an insult to the word asshole
To connect Todd Drek with the word
Just to give him an idea the kind of say
I mean we got some good salespeople to John penis
I give him a little bit of crap but just to keep him on his toes
Brian's a good guy
Anybody else that we like?
Adam
Adam uh
A little problem
Well Adam doesn't sell this show
I'm talking about people at Sellers Show
Do we have any other salespeople in this building who sell this show
Besides John penis and Brian
No I don't think so
Huh?
I can't think of anybody
So at any rate to make a long story short
I mentioned the other day that this Todd Drek keeps bugging George
And running around a restaurant
The building asking other people to intercede with George
To get tapes of these commercials
We don't we don't do tapes
Okay we don't make cassettes
In addition to which he can make all the cassettes in the world
And it's still like going to get the phone to ring at any place
Whether it's color in water or any other sponsor
Okay
Now I didn't realize we had a problem because the Collagen people came to my home last Thursday
Which he made a big project out of
And a big song of the dance
And came in here and I asked him a very simple question
You were a witness and he went through this long
Convaluta thing about the agency this and
Bapapapa
I mean I thought it was losing my mind
It was like if I asked you what day the week it is
And you went into get his burger dress
You know it just it wouldn't make any sense
And so now come to find out that he's running around the hall
Wait just because I ripped him an ass on here yesterday
Which if he's going to be a sales hole around here
He should get used to that because in his case he deserves it
But running around a hallway about I'm a strange guy
And I'm this and I'm that and the Collagen people haven't got one phone call yet
And I suck and though
Right if I suck then let me ask you something Todd
What are you wasting your time selling this show for
We can't bat a thousand
I'd like to bat a thousand over the years
We've had some sponsors on that we've never been able to work for whatever reason
We've never been able to succeed for
Nobody bats a thousand
Anybody that's been listening since I came on here in the station
99% of the people that were on here when I started they're still on
Am I right?
Yeah
It's been doing Collagen what two three days
Yeah a couple of spots
Well maybe he doesn't understand advertising
But there's like a residual thing
Maybe he doesn't understand that
Because the last water people I did which I won't mention their name since they're out of business unfortunately
We're bought off by somebody else and we're owned by a Wayne
Remember the tremendous response that they had I mean unbelievable in fact I still have the letter from them
Kissing the all over every part of my body they hit phenomenal response
But they understood what advertising was all about that there's a residual factor involved
But how can you be a salesperson and not understand but how advertising works
Unless of course you're full of crap
So rather than running around the building telling everybody also listen since they have
No effect or no impact on this show. Why not tell me what's happening if there's a problem
Wouldn't that make more sense?
I mean we've got that we've accumulated the strangest bunch
I mean this Peter Leonard again you were out taking leak or something
He'd come in here before before the show started when
Scoran was in here having my picture her picture made with me which I have no idea what that's all about
Maybe while she likes pictures, you know
He's got a drawer full of them in there. She's got her drawers fully. I'm talking about raw. I mean the pictures
And so this Peter this creepy little Peter Leonard guy who looks like he just like a slime ball
Like he just crawled out of a dumpster like he slept in there for weeks
And he sticks his head in the door. Oh, you're really smoking you're that same ass sucking crap again that he was given you the other day
Oh tell me he's really smoking. Yeah smoke this. I think he's smoking
If I tell me he's ought to start sharing with us. Okay, let's be some pretty good crap
But as far as Todd Dreck is concerned, I mean hey, you know you you you report you show so or whatever the hell that crap says
Whatever that old saying is that old bubble my seat
You want to deal with people like a bench? Honestly and openly and tell me to lay it land fine
I'll see what I can do for you
But if you want to run around the building backstabbing and stabbing me in the back and tell me everybody what a piece of crap
I am maybe I am a piece of crap. Okay, if so. So the morning show so the humber show, okay
Go call on it. Beverage is place beverages and whatever that place was before it's too late. It's too late
You know all these things
God
You do the best you possibly can you'd like I said you try to be a pro and then like today is the today is the first day
Well, I don't give a crap anymore just like they do
Why should I have a different attitude
Here's David and pompano why are we doing name names David?
Hey Neil how are you? Oh?
Then oh no, oh see what I mean
An hour ago I was on top of the world
All you people out there to think I exaggerated about this business the highs and the lows the yin and the yang the ups and the downs
Oh my god talk about manic depressive with no ups
Why are you on the phone David horror show? I'm just calling the what in God's name do you want?
I want to know if you're going to celebrate the return of the world's most famous doctor
What in God's name what the fr you talking about your friend Hannibal Wester what what does that mean?
What does that mean? I just want to know if you're
anticipating
No, no, okay that answers that
What am I going to get some information from you grave robbers over there?
Lock it to information. Yeah. Yeah, I got information. I'm not talking about information on races
I'm talking about information. Now what's going on for the spots?
You know like Carol and that hot shot you brought in from Chicago and you and the other grave robbers over there
I guess I'll have to pull a page off the program at the track tonight to find out what the schedule is for the rest of May won't I?
No, I guess maybe you will. I'm sure I will okay David right fuck you again someday not not too soon. Oh click good. Good. He's learning
Don't ever call here again
Don't have you ever met this man? Oh
Oh
I'm going to tell you you're in for a real treat someday
Was the dining room oh boy. I'm telling you you have
What was what was the characters name that Bella the Ghosty played in Frankenstein
He was the Igor Igor
He makes Igor look like Ricky Martin, okay
David Horershow
And the most annoying the most like like tonight remember when channel tended that ass sucking piece that Diane Magnum
And they followed me out to pump it up. They sent a photographer out there
He's got the whole a whole table setup
Like there's going to be some kind of a banquet like they're bringing and bishops body back and like Sandy Paton is going to be sitting there holding her
Her hand or I mean just unbelievable to sky in a dream world
And
They were going to do all these fundraisers for setter one up there at the track and we're gonna do they ever uh, no
And of course do I wonder why he relates to Hannibal Lecter? No
Nine minutes past noon. I got no score. He wouldn't touch you David
He wouldn't have you for breakfast
Nine minutes past noon at 560 wqa m. Hey what's the lotion in the basket
There
Once was a man named Bill who lived on Capitol Hill
He gave me a dress
Then made it a mess and I kept it under my bed in my house
Nah
That's no good
Okay, let's say all right
Those are red the white house is white
I signed in the lab book one night
No
Hickory dickory doc the president showed me his
No
No
Okay
Okay
Twice the night before Christmas and all to the house
Still got naked except for my house
My parents were not so well snug in their bed
While I was giving the president
No
No, that's no good either
Okay 1215 at 560 wqa gman dog managed for Hank who's up in Baltimore at the pregness today managed to share from to the six
Kimba bull campers six o'clock till 10 Marlins at the San Diego 10 o'clock tonight any any no
Okay, five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty. I might just do the rest of the show about that Todd wreck
You know what I might just do like an hour and 44 minutes, which is what we got left
Maybe we just maybe they're just something in the water. There's something in here
Maybe you would the chemistry is wrong in or I'm saying Todd. Maybe it's that Gary Sarner thing
Like I said fat boy Jeff high is god compared to Todd's wreck
Here's a Hollywood hello. Yes, sir. Good afternoon. Yes. I want to congratulate that young lady up there and
Piper high. Hi, hi. Good for you sir. God for
Stating she is an atheist. I'm an atheist for 54 years, right?
And I wanted to I want her to know she's not alone. Okay. She's with me. Yeah, but we're with let me ask you
We're all the other atheists. I know most of the people listening me right now don't believe in any of this bull crap
But do they like the label or not? Where are these people? Why are they all in the closet?
Well to be honest with you
I think they for some reason or there they think they should be ashamed to admit their in atheist ashamed not to believe in fairy tales
I tell when you grow up you don't believe in fairy tales
Society pressure. Okay. I have been the night jobs. Okay, because really openly set up with me
Okay, so that's probably one of the reasons and by the way
She's not alone. You know that every member of got a Nobel Prize
in
And hits a big important in science is our all Nobel Prize winners, right? And she's with good company Carl
Saigon ski clock and
Newton blah blah etc etc
Even Wayne Newton right and one of the things that is that stands out about atheism is the more education you get
Yeah, or you become an atheist
You never find anybody who is has a high school drop-out or who is basically has the IQ of his next slide
As an atheist they're all believers. Okay, I think God is the mess with our phone line here
Okay, and I highly recommend they put a book called history of God. Okay, bye
Okay, who's the author up
It escapes. She's
Cambridge in England it's a book about the size of a series robot catalog
It explains how all these fairy tales sit together all the way from Judaism
Christianity
Muslims blah blah blah and blah blah and
And this is the worst plate that has ever entered mind Carl and
Karl Marx is correct
Religion is the opium for the matter. It's a problem for small minds and God bless you sir and you know a guy called me yesterday
And I didn't realize his how profound his call was either yesterday or Monday how profound the call was
Because on a one-handy claim to agree, but on the other hand, it's like well
I'm not really sure and like when I asked him about stepping on an ant does it die anywhere as far as we know
So in other words, basically what you're saying is that death isn't something we really look forward to and we just can't accept it
So stepping on the end of the cockroach or swash an amusquito like this which I do as much as possible because I don't want to get bitten to a
Bloody crisp on mosquitoes
If that doesn't do it for you. Let me use the best example I can again of a rose. Okay. A rose is a beautiful flower
You know it grows it blooms it blossoms and then it starts drying out and wilting and it dies
Is there anybody who believes in rose heaven? No, well, there probably is maybe that cat lady does
I
Mean maybe it's not the most pleasant thing in the world, but why is it that American people just can't seem to accept the concept of death
567 05 50. I mean we're dying here today make no mistake about that on a day when I have to be kicking ass on a day when I've been reborn
I've had my own kind of born again experience and it's got nothing to do with no stupid god
It's got to do with a whole different attitude about life
Here's a mobile and four-letter deal. Hello. Hi Neil. How you doing? Okay, sir?
I'd like to change the subject for a second. I've been get back on
The subject who's got a subject we have nothing going well. I don't want to talk about god
I want to talk about this whole hype thing. Yeah, I mean there are people
Camped out in Davie for Star Wars tickets. Yeah, there's another black chronic classic example people
Now let me ask you this question. Are those people adults any of them?
Uh some of them yeah, oh Jesus. There was a woman. Oh, there's a woman about 50 years old with a tent
With a tent in front of a movie co thing out in Davie waiting for Star Wars tickets
Oh, and then you got people rioting in manhattan over Ricky Martin. I mean what
Yeah, right does anybody in this country have a life a brain? It's not a question that they have a life that they have a brain
But I mean what do you have I mean how do you support yourself if you can camp out for a month?
Yeah, what kind of a life could you have to be hanging out for Star Wars for Star Wars for a movie that
That they've already said is probably like they're gonna like they're gonna see something new that they didn't see before all but the special effects
Yeah, exactly. I can't wait for more special effects. I mean there's just three actors and and a bunch of computers
That you're gonna go watch. I mean
And people are going crazy over and the Ricky Martin thing. I'm serious
I'm so glad that we got that new CD of his yesterday because when I started playing it
I you know, I've heard it's who she could see stuff before and I yeah who needs it
But not that we're starting to play the other stuff. I never realized before just how pathetic he is he can't sing a note
But I mean, I mean yeah, I mean anybody can scream. Oh, those three that doesn't take any cement
That's the reason a song this guy can't sing one note. No, but they've often polished him and then mark it at them. That's right
It's a death they bolst him up big time. Yeah, I think that I can still float. It's okay. God bless you sir. All right
Okay, the hype masters man the masters of hype. That's what it's all about
Whether it's the goddamn you know, whatever the toy of the year is you know, we got the
What the hell were the damn little gremlin things
Furby near the furbies
Airbeer they got some other end of course each year they have to be uglier and more grotesque than the year before and people are going into
Came art blowing each other's brains out because they got to get the last one for their kid god damn it or else
Maniacs and you wonder why the religion thing is so big. Oh
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 6 I'll tell you one thing you would have walked in that restroom this morning
The one that guilty was talking about and taking a whiff of that and you know there would be no god
man
Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir
Um, you guys made I don't know if you guys made it or not
But there was a tape put out a little while ago a couple years ago about your of your commercials and I had one
But I think of our commercials the pointy commercials you will put out yeah
The one about all the different names of your pilots and whatnot. I was wondering is there any way I can get another one of those
Uh hang on a second. You're giving the number for center one all right hold on
Okay, whatever line he's on three or wherever he is giving the center one number
He wants to know what the name it
Let's go to Hollywood. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I'm not gonna ask you how you're doing. We could everybody ask you that
Uh the peak of that. I mean the Steve piece of guy calling in
Uh, I go to all the dolphin games the Steve's pizza guy that I hung up on last year because you were belly-icking about something
I don't want to talk to you. Okay, Jack. I don't care if I had no calls on the board
I wouldn't waste my time talking to you remember that guy
Is your memory is good as mine called in that day to whine you everything was a problem. Wait
wait
Steve's pizza is great. I never heard anybody say they didn't like Steve's pizza. Okay except you
Maybe they just don't like you pal. Maybe that's it
Don't take it personally unless you want to
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 and of course what soon as the guy calls an identify instead of just saying hi and then going on
With his thing he's got to identify himself as the Steve's pizza guy, which is like saying I'm a loser
This is that loser
That professional mal content. I don't want to hear the only mal I want to hear from today is the guy who's bringing me my CD burner
Book of Brian. We'll be bringing it
Good then I don't have to see that loser
Like I said
Isn't that something and don't rip up that blank check either
What do you mean by that?
It goes on the story can no no I want to hear the story okay because if those people down there at Sam a
So up where do you pick up line two and he'll tell you the story then I'll fill in. Okay. Hello
Hello, hello Neil. Yes, sir
Well, I wasn't going to talk about that but I'll let you know just got told stories
Listening to you earlier and then I happen to go into Sam
I should buy some manuscript paper and the lady at the desk is yelling at this heavy set salesman
That he shouldn't have promised you to let both of Brian pick it up on your credit card because she's not
They're not doing a $600 piece of equipment to someone else
It wasn't his card if it's a credit card order it got to get shipped out in New York
And if you wanted today you're gonna have to pay for a messenger to go get it and that's what I told George
So
The rest of the story is yes
They they ripped up the credit card order bokeh brine is going to pay for it. You're gonna reimburse him. He's bringing it
Sure, I want
Go ahead I want to talk to you about something else though now. Yeah, but can you can you believe that? Yeah
Yeah, I was funny. I happened to walk in there talking about bokeh brine and the radio station
I mean like I'm some kind of a deadbeat like they can't take micro you know that's my American Express platinum card
All of you sure is the thing and we can't be responsible for somebody who is in an employee
Inchorant in shipping of what?
Insurance on what for him to drive it from there to hear from no from
Here go ahead sir. I'm sorry
All right, just want to know as a fellow atheist if you've ever run into the same problem that I have
Have the person next to you sneezes. Yeah, and you don't say anything because god bless you is like the most ridiculous thing in the world
This I say that to people. It's just a saying. It's just a matter of speech
What's it?
Was originated? I heard an interesting bit on that is no medieval times when you sneeze people thought that devils went up your nose of course
They do oh, of course, right that's what they say god bless you
And you know, I always say when someone says god bless you well
Thank you for you know for commenting on my bodily functions. What are you gonna say if I burp or fart?
Or how about just saying god damn it. Yeah, there you go
But it's always a pregnant cause when I don't say
In fact, if we do for it, I won't say god damn it
There you go. I was wondering how you handle that you should say it huh?
I sometimes I do or sometimes I'll say presumably which I don't even know what that means in your mind but
Okay
Okay, 5 6 7 0 for that's that story about sam's ass
It just gets worse and worse and you know something did I ask?
I just that was the beginning anyway. No, no, no, I'm not even talking about that. I'm just talking in general
I didn't even know from sam's ass all I did was bring up the subject of a CD burner
I wanted one okay, and does anybody know where you get them? How much they are what are they all about?
How do they work yada yada and all of a sudden this guy volunteers
I know yeah book of Brian does business there and he bought that big mixer there and spent a lot of money and
And they're making this into a project here to you to think I was buying like a $50,000 piece of it
I was buying a new transmitter for the radio station
Jesus Christ almighty
Sam's ass we had a Sam we had to hook him up with Todd Dreck
Talking about ass
You're gonna do the spots
The I'll give him a spot
Right on their doorstep
27 past noon at QAM let me tell more names on five sixty WQ AM will never be the same
Starting this Monday. It's the sunny box and Greg Buadel happy hour review
Monday through Friday six to ten a.m. Only on five sixty WQ AM
225 60 QAM you know the one who got us started with this because I pulled the facts back out of my pocket where I've been keeping it
Book of Brian was the one that facts this thing yesterday was that's gonna about the burner about Sam's and those actuals over there
I want to start now you know getting on his case, but he's the one that started this whole big song in the dance
5 6 7 0 5 60 and the callers were right yesterday
I could have gone into a million places like right in my neighborhood there bought one right off the shelf
Given to my credit card given my check given him cash
I could have been enjoying it already and instead going through this big long convoluted thing with credit cards and with
This and add and then all this other garbage
Unbelievable like I'm still kind of a deadbeat. That's the way this town is you want to buy something you want to pay for it
I'm not looking for any special or whatever the price is I'll pay him for it and you're still can't buy it
They I hope that they're independently wealthy. Okay. I hope they're doing so much business like handover limperist
Because evidently they don't need my business
Here's Miami hello
Miami
Okay 14 minutes he waited for that and then then could barely get it out and the words too
Here's Kendall hello
You know, yes sir. What's up?
Speaking of religion my son is 20. He's a student at the University of Florida
He's getting married in July. Yeah, his mother had custody since he was 10. He's lived in Jacksonville
Church on every corner in the type of thing went to Christian schools
Yeah, he's a business major, but he's talking seriously about the seminary now. Oh Jesus
And you know why is that well he's been very religious
His girlfriend that he's marrying is very religious and he's in the campus there in the campus crusade for Christ thing
You know now here's my problem parents are supposed to be supportive of kids. I mean, that's like the gig. Yeah
You know they say as long as he's happy whatever kid does blah blah blah
But I'm damned if I do I'm damned if I don't yeah any suggestions
Pray to the Lord
Okay, okay, yeah good luck you'll need it
Time to get on your knees and pray to the Lord or just get on your knees
56705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line
Porra, you know, thank God that I'm the one that got on the ear and said the and of course then that guy from Hollywood who meant well
but sounded like a professor whatever that maniac was with the white hair, you know
Why is it that every time somebody
Prophane to be an atheist they always sound like some kind of a the mad professor
You know instead of just like your ordinary pedestrian like nice holly there from sunrise
That's why the litter was such a breath of fresh air
Somebody that actually has a brain and can think for herself
5670560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's Miami. Hello
Okay, sir, best thing I ever did is I just put up my new dish little dish right I told T.C.I to stick it up direct them
Yeah
Yeah
Again, yeah, I watch all hockey games last night back and forth it was excellent
And usually with the T.C.I don't have one choice
But thanks to the dish and all these ball games on it's the best thing
Since Vegas like I told you so you're right again
I want to thank my good close compadre for supplying me the dish and
We'll say his name due to
Certain things okay, but then hey, what's going on with Toronto?
They lost the game that's what's
About that goal what do you think about that there wasn't a go we don't cry in Toronto
Maybe so wasn't a goal a puck never went over to line
But you know something we blue the lead three times when you keep doing that you know to lose the game
Make alibis we don't make excuses. We're not cry babies like the penguins in the fly
Is it gonna be the Seattle penguins I hear in Portland they say now wouldn't that be pathetic
That's professional sports like I keep telling you that's what's happening with professional sports
They all keep going bankrupt. They can't build enough arenas and enough stadiums to pay all these
Overgrown sucks, huh the product sucks right. I mean, you know just watching these ball games left
I'm climbing out as like 20 ball games of baseball
Like who are all these games? I mean, I think the people that make no those that are ones that are sponsoring that crap exactly
Okay, got anyway. Thanks a lot Neil man have a great time hug your dish
56705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T line course if you're Orthodox like your account
You have to have two dishes one no kicking one flasher
Well, what's wrong with that? That's right. You can't only have one set of dishes
Here's a candle hello
Neil good afternoon. Good evening. Yes, I don't I don't I guess I don't need to throw any fire on this credit card thing
And what idiots these people are but I want to relate a little story to you about
Seven and you know what really gets me? I don't want I don't want to sound like I'm some kind of a big shot
You know, I make a few bucks. Okay, I've got my platinum card. I do transactions all these trips
I find thousands and thousands of dollars at a time over the phone no questions at no problem
And here I'm spending like five or six hundred bucks for this little you know
It's not a major transaction to me and they act like I'm buying a goddamn the Empire State Building
I understand what about your actual what about the church? I mean really don't I'm you're coming to them with money
Right, you know, I mean, it's really simple
It's not like they're the only ones in the world that I got this thing the guy said I can well what what the hell's the place over that yellow
Well that place right by me there by the borders
What do you know? I'm not sound advice to one of the yellow sign whatever they got even have a their credit card
Best buy that's by I I could walk from my house to best buy in three minutes
Okay, and they got him over there and probably less than what I'm gonna pay today right right well, you know
There's there's nothing like good word of mouth and there's nothing like bad word of mouth
Yeah, but you know about seven years ago
A friend of mine called me from Brazil and you wanted to do a very a very nice favor for a good friend of ours and buy a macar
Yeah, I call that the local dealer in Colorado and I said listen
I'd like to buy a brand new K-5 blazer is about 26
27,000 dollars at that time, you know the full size one big V8 electric windows the whole nine yards
Here's my friend's credit card number platinum American Express from Brazil, right?
I would like it delivered Christmas Eve
I said no problem Christmas Eve the car showed up never signed for signature on file cleared no problem
I mean that's making a sale that's providing service thank you very much
You know what I mean, and I was a third party here's my name, you know, I had my American Express
But I wasn't gonna buy it like I'm still a stranger or something the fact that I got from Bokobrion
I still got a bit bad deeper in my pocket now. So deep. I'm feeling the change
It says they always take good care of me and they love you
Well, I'm gonna tell you they love me so much that they are protected
They don't know who the hell I am and God forbid they should let that thing out of the store right and make let's make it really easy for the consumer to get what they want right
I mean, you know, so anyway, I don't I don't want to throw a fire on it. I just want to get you show
Okay, okay, thanks god bless you
What do you sneeze?
56705 or Gesundheit because that doesn't mean God bless you
Seems like good health or whatever Gesundheit. I mean you're all of a sudden you're a German kind of language
I was told it means good health. I was told them and say who's doing height?
Gesundheit. Yeah, Gagazunder hate means going good health. Fuck Yiddish in that guy does is that ironic
Nice isn't that ironic that the Yiddish and German are so alike
Why not then you guys spend a lot of time there like
Schmutz means mud and either one either one
Just keep digging just keep just get that shovel and keep digging deeper and deeper and deeper just keep even the Schmutz
21 before 1 at 5 60 and only said Schmutz and right away I thought of Todd Dreck as soon as you said that
That name came to mind every time I think of something grow testkin unpalatable
Todd Dreck will come to mind
Because he's making such a big project a big song in advance instead of just sitting back and letting you know case
Sirassir Abbey will do the best we can
Don't miss the biggest automotive event of the year. It's pertanking to it is 99 dollar below invoice sale
God your breath. Beautiful
Oh
When I can they call me melendom I can't until I'm almost in a coma
How y e my am me and I never ever use any sunscreen
And with me and with me hope you don't mind I'm a little
Until we get melendom
We taste like a fine you can sell the aroma I like the raw lawn but there's nobody more
Hey
I spend all day at work planning that when I get off I go tending
I get naked and fake fake it how much longer is my skin gonna take it my astrologist and numerologists have to help me find a dermatologist
To
We've got
We got the best 10 from here to Arizona.
We're ready to have 10 as old kind of all up.
We got a lot of all of that.
445 to 560, WQM, the Mad Dog, Jim Madditch for Hank, Hank's up at the pregness of Baltimore
for 20 or 30 days off.
Nice going, Humber.
More power to you.
That's the way we do it around here.
Want to take 2 or 3, 4 or 5 extra days off?
No problem.
That's why we like it here.
And by the way, you know, speaking of Todd Dreck, I don't want to get worked up about this,
but I will anyway.
I'll make an exception in his case.
Since he's obviously the one that wrote this first copy, this first piece of Dreck,
about cooking the filter fish, how do you cook the filter fish?
See, when you got sales people, I want to start putting your stick into the copy
and writing in their idea of your humor in there.
You don't know if it cooks crap or get filter fish, okay?
In addition to which your filter fish comes out of a jar, you don't cook it,
and then it comes in that gel and that mung, which hopefully you wash off before you eat it
before you put the horse radish on.
Cooking the filter fish is this man out of his mind?
Uh-huh.
But I don't want to get started on that for a few minutes.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60.
You know, before you, if you heard the whole show today, you heard it,
you've seen the transformation right before your very ears.
Started out this morning thanks to my close personal friend Steve Goldstein, aka Goldie,
who brought both George and yours truly back to reality.
Just a good quick dose in the tea room this morning of reality that is,
of what a wonderful place this is, because nobody's running it and you do whatever you want.
Nice go on, Geltie.
I've got a whole different attitude about him.
I don't care about this squeaky voicey and a bad guy.
He never stole a free train.
I say Geltie for the Panther or a play by play.
Huh?
Seriously, I'm going to start, I've got to, my whole attitude about life has changed.
I mean, the collar still sucked, but nothing nevertheless.
And then between the same as your whole thing, whatever that's all about,
and Todd Dreck running all around the building.
See, that's one thing about me.
I show up here about quarter to nine, not a clock every morning,
but I'm in here.
I'm either taking a leak or I'm in here in this room.
I'm not running around the building, starting a room where stirring up trouble.
Two o'clock, I'm out the door.
I'm not smozin', I'm not startin' rumors.
I'm not, that, that, that, that, you know, stirring up a lot of crap.
I've come here and do my job.
And I'm not running up and down the hall telling everybody what a jackass,
Todd Dreck is, I do that on the air.
So I should have wasted my time running up and down the hall doing it.
You know, it's like, it's like getting on a street call with a megaphone.
I should have done that when I can be on the air.
You know what I'm sayin'?
Uh-huh.
Even though I'm very strange, weird.
Weird, weird.
Yeah? And what about you, Todd?
Anybody seen you lately talk about weird?
Here's a pay phone in North Miami, hello?
Hey, Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'm pissed off because, uh...
Well, good.
Well, you bought that, uh, that CD burner, which is great, and good choice.
But I bought, like, a $3,000 jump set from Sam Ashola.
Yeah.
And there's no, uh, there's no return policy.
Okay, if you return it, you get stored credit.
So if you're gonna get your money back?
No, you can't get your money back.
You don't like the next day?
You, uh...
No, I don't, I don't want to say maybe they had seven days,
but I think, I think they, they lock you in.
Once you buy it, that's it.
Seven, you get it.
You're locked.
That's it, you're locked.
Well, I'll find out about that.
And, and, and, uh...
Well, I, I pulled over because I just want to tell you, it's rough.
And, and, and, and, you could have went to Best Buy.
You would have gotten a better idea.
You know, I, like I said, I could walk in 40 seconds for my house to Best Buy.
They love me in here.
I got one of their credit cards.
I mean, when I've been in there several times,
they love me in there.
Brandsmart loves me right down the street.
My friend did a plan to TV, but which is a sponsor mine.
They love me.
And to me, it's on Boka Branda.
So you don't blame Sam Ash.
It's Boka Brandsfall.
And, and besides...
And if he thinks I'm paying him back to this thing,
he can see I'm really paid for it.
And besides, it's like, hello.
This is for Neil Rogers.
Right.
It's like, yes, sir.
Right away, sir.
Whatever.
In addition to which, keep in mind, their guide is Mel, Mel, Mel, whatever, Mel,
uh, adjusted.
He's the one I called a show here yesterday.
And promised me a song and a dance and went through a big.
Oh, yeah.
We love you over here.
And, blah, blah, blah.
All of a sudden.
Well, I love you, Neil.
That's why I told over and told you.
And God bless you.
And, because I'm like, too.
5, 6, 7.
I'm not looking.
I'm not looking to be some big shot.
I just want to spend my money.
I don't care if I pay more than, no.
I don't care.
I'm not one of those stereotypes that runs around looking for wholesale all the time.
Free is good.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, pound, $60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
A few years ago, you remember the Hellboppers.
They all killed themselves because they believed that there was a UFO or a spaceship behind it to Hellbop comment.
Everybody was outraged.
These people are crazy.
What do they think?
Well, what's crazy are people that believe that there's a God and there's Christ is going to rise in the second coming.
Who's crazy?
It's ridiculous.
It's crazy.
Anyway, shameless request.
Yes, sir.
Hangover Goldberg and English.
Okay, Rick.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, $50, $50, $50, $50 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in four-lotterdale.
Must've got this connected.
Mobile in four-lotterdale.
Hello.
Dale.
Yes, sir.
The dish, the vagus, the fish food.
Is this all your colors, guys?
What do you got?
What do you got?
I like to talk about the lawsuit right away.
What lawsuit is that?
The British in the lawsuit.
Is that still going on?
Yeah, huh.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, $50.
I mean, you talk about the pot calling the pedal of the pedal to acute.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, $50, $50, $50, $50 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's North Miami.
Hello.
How you doing, yeah?
Okay.
The last guy who called the redneck asshole.
Yes.
And I love religion because these people are incredible.
They tell you the world is coming to an end.
It's really bad.
There's more crime.
And yet you have to have a lot of babies.
You know, I love it.
Yeah.
I used to be an author.
And then whatever you do, be sure and save those fetuses too, because God gives Pista.
I used to be an author, boy, in the islands.
And I was funny because, you know, a little grab-ass thing.
Nothing major ever happened.
I think the brainwashing, you know, the brainwashing.
And then you can't have sex.
Unbelievably valuable.
Sex is evil and dirty.
Otherwise, it is, they're out of business.
They make your embarrasses of, you know, you know, you're dead.
Guilty.
That's right.
If we're not the guilt trip, they're out of business.
I have to admit, people need a crotch.
They don't believe in death.
So they need something to make them live through, you know.
They're weak.
Religion people are dumb and weak.
Thank you, Neil.
Hey, name them.
God bless you.
There you go.
Very good.
They're dumb and weak.
Excellent.
Nice job there, sir.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah, man.
5667-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Holly Doherty.
Freshman at Piper High and Sunrise.
Nice to loot you, sweetheart.
Even though this audience is in a coma, and they have nothing to say about your great letter
of the editor in the hair of this morning, which I read on the year.
And I salute you for having more balls than all these people put together in this audience.
A bunch of cowardly, you whims.
And then, Ireland's got to call the couple of days ago.
Oh, well, you expect us to believe what you-
I don't care what you believe, okay?
But I know, damn well, the overwhelming majority of people listen to this show.
No damn well, when I'm saying it's the truth.
They just- there are too much of a bunch of pussy to say it.
Everywhere you're looking is down.
Pussy, pussy everywhere, baby.
That's what it's all about.
Even as damn catcher with the- whatever this thing is.
And by the way, you know, I didn't even tear up these tickets.
Remember that broad that one?
I'm- oh, too late I just did.
Just to arm up.
That was an active-
5667-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Margate.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
First time I've ever called a radio-token show.
They had to make a comment on the concealed fish.
My mother made the best concealed fish and she grants you a little taste.
Yeah.
She borrowed it and she fried it also.
It was like that.
Unfortunately, I don't know what the recipe was, so I couldn't tell you how to-
Oh, thank you.
God, okay.
I get a new phone too.
Have grandma buy a new phone when she comes back.
5667-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Nobody makes the concealed fish anymore, sir.
I hate to break the news.
You see, that's wonderful.
All the bubbs they used to work over the stove.
Now you buy your concealed fish in the store in a jar.
Anybody with a brain, they don't cook your filthy fish.
They buy it in a jar.
I know that Todd directs on understand that yet.
Maybe somebody can start to explain that to him.
When he isn't busy running up and down the hallway, tell-
You know, the last guy that told everybody what an asshole I was.
Remember Bob Eisenberg with a bad, the hair piece?
Here's Davey.
Hello?
Okay.
Here's a mobile implantation.
Hello?
Yeah, how you doing, Neil?
Okay.
Is this Todd direct?
Who's he a sales person there?
A sales hole again.
So it's like, how many sales people do you have at your station?
284.
Really?
I'm like, this neighborhood is a new guy in this morning.
We got more sales people running around here.
If you bump in anybody in the hall, you know,
then almost sure thing there is sales hole.
Is there guy Sam might have still worked for you?
No, he never worked for this station.
Not that station.
Is this probably the best group of people you ever had or not really?
No.
Bad.
This group of sales people?
Oh my god.
We got like two or three who are real sales people.
And the rest of them are, I don't know what they are.
They're friends of Gary Sarner.
Well, best of luck to you.
And I'll see you.
And have a great time.
Okay, lines are bringing here, but George is talking to some mobosa on the phone there.
So I have no idea what's going on here.
Five hours, are we throwing in the towel here?
Make way for me.
Are they, uh, really?
Somebody for Jim Manage.
Somebody for Jim Manage?
See between the phone calls that come in for the sports holes.
And the fact is that come in here including the one about B-Fo that's making 50 grand for doing some of speaking appearance.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how's it going?
Okay.
You got a couple things for you.
First of all, I'm an atheist and that, uh, whatever, a door to your lady or a girl who's, uh,
I'm going to go away and then to her for actually printing her name.
Mm-hmm.
And B, you're going after the CD burner.
Haven't you considered the mini discit?
No, because you, uh, how do you, anybody have a mini disc player in their car?
Yeah, they make them.
You have one installed.
But I don't want to have one installed.
Why should I want to do that when I already got a great CD deck in my car?
Ah, well, because I don't know.
Just an idea, I was there.
I have to buy it.
Right.
Or have to size there.
I got a more.
I got two of them sitting right here in my left.
Maybe I'll just steal one of these.
There you go.
All of these are pretty crappy.
These are real bad Sony cheap Sony's.
What the mini disc players?
Yeah.
You've got one next.
I got two of them.
Damn.
Well, you can always, uh, you know, like the, the, um,
Okay, five six seven, oh five sixty, pound five sixty.
Well, you can always, uh,
Yes you can.
Pound five sixty on the 18 wireless line.
Here's a four-letter deal.
Play jelly roll.
You know, okay, play with yourself.
Always already started.
Here's the lady mobile in Pembert Pine.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
I just wanted to, uh,
commend Molly for her letter.
That was great.
I am.
Holly, Holly, Holly with age.
Holly, Holly.
I'm guided by Holly.
I am a nominated yes, but there is this little thing called
separation of church and state.
Yeah.
Which, uh, we should uphold.
And, um, as far as yesterday's show,
please keep playing Mayanus.
Okay, you like Mayanus.
I love it.
Okay, thank you.
That's our poll question, by the way.
Everybody out there love Mayanus.
5667-0560,
Pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line.
1256 at 560 WQM.
Now, we got a little bit of a problem.
My good friends at Culligan say that they love Mayanus.
And all those other people that were my home the other day.
And they installed a great one of those reverse-押すmost
assistance under my sink.
And the drinking water is fantastic.
And the water that's coming through my shower is silky and soft.
Because they also put a water softener outside.
And we got all the Culligan water coming in here.
The bottled water here at the station.
And everybody loves it.
And they just, I thought everything was wonderful.
And Todd Dreck came in here on Monday and said,
how did that go?
I just said they showed up.
It was great.
The system is fantastic.
Everybody's happy.
He said, oh, it was a great spot you did.
Did he say that when he was in here?
Todd Dreck, that's what he said.
It was great.
Then come to find out that Todd Dreck is running up and down a hallways
here at QAM telling everybody that Culligan hasn't had one phone call yet.
And I'm a piece of crap and I'm weird and this and that.
Because for some reason he inherited this account.
I have no, he's got 25 different advertising agencies.
This is what happens when you get at agency people in the middle.
You get a psychotic sales guy in the middle.
The meantime, the Culligan people are great.
They're the best in the business.
They've been around in town for over 50 years.
So if you want to install a permanent system in your home,
there's nobody else in the world you want to do business with.
Because these people aren't here today gone tomorrow.
They've been here like I said over 50 years.
They'll be here forever.
So you can't get better drinking water anywhere in the world than you can
from a Culligan home system.
And also for your office right now, they got a special.
They got a special introductory offer.
You get three five gallon bottles of Culligan bottle water
and a free cooler rental for 30 days.
All you have to do is call Culligan right now for details
and a very difficult toll free number by the way,
but here it is.
Write it down, please.
Please let's have one phone call the Culligan.
So Todd Wrecking stop running up and down the hall telling everybody
that I'm a piece of crap.
Call toll free Culligan.
What? What?
That's what it is.
I feel very bad.
Don't I?
Don't I look very bad?
1-877-222-7873.
That's 1-877-222-7873 for the Culligan man.
Nobody does it better for you.
Okay? Here's that number once more.
Because it's a tough number.
1-877-222-7873 for the Culligan man.
And when you call, be sure and tell him Todd Wreck is an asshole.
This.
You can't hear him.
My head is in his daughter's hands.
It's so loud and it's so loud.
My anus.
My anus.
My anus.
My anus.
My anus.
My anus.
My anus.
My anus.
My anus.
My anus.
My anus.
My anus.
My anus.
My anus.
Hi kids.
You all like cutting little skinkers?
That's funny little sound that comes right out your fingers.
One of coffee me and two exactly like I do.
Get paid for writing little songs about boo boo.
My brains are gone.
I'm trying to get my groove on.
But I can't figure out which spice to what I'm going to fart on.
Hey Dr. Dreass.
Yo, man, you bastard.
Hey, I'm not.
Why do I smell ass?
And you look wet.
Well, since age 12 it seemed like I always smell like bottom ripping gases and june was pretty swell.
I got this off when I took my jeans off and farted so hard that you're my underwear backwards like crisscross.
And every night I'm like oh, dinner's bad.
Then point out my ass, fast little fat bitch who ain't too fat.
Smell this honey.
Yo, wait a minute, my girl, huh?
I don't give a f***ing god set me to think the world up.
My ain't it.
My ain't it.
My ain't it.
My ain't it.
F***ing shit.
My ain't it.
My ain't it.
My ain't it.
My ain't it.
F***ing shit.
My ain't you see you want to be kicked out back in junior high?
Yeah, the problem was something.
Prove that my ass and die.
I shot him in the face with my vapor.
The worst happened later when I covered his desk with used toilet paper.
Walk in the strip club.
My testers were filled up.
When the bartender took a dump and a gif club.
Went over to a dance and had a f***ing agar.
She lifted a leg up and I knew she was a f***er.
Nine and nine and sent him my life.
I was lied to.
I just found out my mom got all gads and I do.
My folder I grow up to be a famous rapper.
They regretted about strange noises.
Made on the crap.
You know you was dirt when the women first leaves.
Drive a hold of back, but you must need it to relieve.
This guy at White Castle said it was pretty cool.
When I had to go food, dry the kids off andété men.
Buoma!
Minds!
Minds!
Minds!
Minds!
SpTM...
Minds!
Minds!
Andflight!
Minds!
Minds!
SpTM!
Smell fox.
Meh!
I'm flying in out of town all the time on business, whatever. I was looking for a good
sports talk radio station and having to fly Neil Rogers. Be honest with you. A very pathetic
and this guy is, I mean, if this is all you got and I'm sports talk radio, it is horrible.
So I definitely try to find somebody better, that's for sure. And his whole GD thing and
everything else, to tell him one day we all face the board. Oh yeah. Have a great day.
Face the wall. Well, I'll face the wall someday. The reason I played that, I was thinking
about that yesterday, or maybe I was shaving this morning thinking about that guy. Here's
the guy who's such a schmuck he's looking for an all sports station, which we know about
the sports nerds. Okay, what a bunch of lifeless dickheads they are. And then one day we'll
all have to face the Lord. Stop and think about how ridiculous that is. We're going to face
the Lord. And what is he going to say? Oh God. You know, well, what does that mean? What
kind of simpletons utter such garbage, such swill, such nonsense, such meaningless
type? Huh? This country where people just say things because number one, they've been
brainwashed. Number two, they sound good. These are the things you're expected to say.
All of these things. One day we'll all have to face the Lord. And then if we're really
good and they let us into that big wonderful place up there as opposed to down there, up
there. And we can all say, Oh God, you're good. Oh God, you forever and ever. Not just for
a couple of hours, not forever. Oh God, you're good. What now? They'll just keep saying
it. Oh, yeah. But he'll be fun. How about lunch? No, come on. Oh God, you're good. Okay.
Your disease isn't too good. Come on. Don't start doing whatever, diverting from the
script. 5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. I mean, if there was a God,
will we have Todd direct? No. That's simple. That's an easy test. Here's a mobile in sunrise.
Hello. Hello, Neil. How are you? Okay, sir. Good. I mean, you in the horse racing at
all? No. No, not at all. We just wondering because most of the guys on here don't know
how to pick the horses. Yeah. Okay. Well, how about picking this? Okay. Yeah. Little finger
on the left hand is usually works like a charm. 5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile
one line. We will be talking to Dave Johnson on Friday, though, because the preekness is
going to upset Ray. And it's always a good time. I have no idea even who's running. I
do no care as mad as I can't go to win a preekness. I can tell you that. Who else is running?
I'll find out between element. Here's Kendall. Hello. Yeah. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil,
I wanted to tell you something. My mom makes the filter fish. Yeah. It's a really crappy
filter fish, but it's still a filter fish. And I don't go buy it after a goddamn
public. Why not? Well, why do I need to get the filter fish? Oh, okay, good. 5, 6, 7,
05, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Sounds like a goi to me. Here's a Delray B.
Chilla. Yeah, Neil. How about my Pittsburgh penguins, huh? What about it? Don't you love
them? I love when I don't need any team get them. Yeah. Yeah. The same guy that was his
fill it up your flyers two weeks ago. Now it's his Pittsburgh penguins. How about his
rectum? Yeah. Fine. I think we just saw it. 5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one
line. Guess what pal? We lost the game last night. Wait, I like goes on. They'll complain
about a greasy goal that never went over the line. We don't complain. We just move on
with life. We're not a bunch of little cry, babies. Here's Pompano. Hello. Can I have
to do an uncle, Neil? Yes, sir. Go, Leafs, go. Right. I'm not going to complain about
the fact that they got screwed last night. No, we're not. Okay, but I heard somebody
calling you and suggesting you get a mini disc player. Yeah. Trust me when I tell you
how I work in the business in the high-five business. The fidelity is not there. All it
is is convenience. Yeah. CD's sound much, much better. Yeah. Well, I don't use it for
music. And here I use it for like these hockey bits or something. Exactly. I would never
play music often. Exactly. That's what they're good for. Right. Yeah. Okay. God bless you.
5'6'7". We got 200 open lines here today. I'll tell you one thing. It's been a real
eye-opener to me. We got about three or four people out there with an IQ like you and me
and the Holly. And that's about it. And the rest of the month. We got the God Squad out
there. We had the God Squad listening to this show. Hallelujah, baby. Let's say a prayer.
Let's say a brookha. A brookha taught a noi and hallowed be by name and the Hail Mary
and Holy Mother, etc. and so on. Whichever one you like. Holy moly. How sad that is.
Everybody wants to be a sheep. Everybody wants to just line up like a living. Waiting for
star wars. Waiting for the release of the Ricky Martin CD, you know, all that.
Oh, God. Oh, come on. Ricky. Please. 5'6'7". Oh, 5'60".
Pound 5'60 on a mobile one line. Another desperate day here at the ranch. A desperate day.
And where the hell is Boca Brian already with my burner? This has become the biggest
guide band project of my life. Something that should be so simple. You know, what's
like if you were window shopping and I'm all and you saw something, you saw like a lamp
in the window of a store and I had a had a price tag out of like $200 and you walked in
and you said, God, I love that lamp in the window. Here's $200 cash and they said, no,
you can't have it. And you said, why it's dinner? Well, we just decided, we know like we
just don't want to sell it to you. The boss don't feel he, we got up on the wrong side
of bed this morning. You're not getting it. Yeah, but I love that. Sorry, you lose.
They ever tried to talk about getting a run around to get money from a bank or a big
lending institution. They give you a song and a dance man. They make your life miserable.
They give you a third degree and a fourth degree. It's unbelievable to ringer that they put
you through. So if you're sick and tired of getting treated like that and especially
for one of those people that may not have the greatest credit in the world, you want to
talk to real people. Micah.
You. God. There wasn't no farmer who lives on a rock. He's had in the middle just
shaking his head. That some boys who were down by the fritz. They're beating the water.
There is on their marbles and play things and half past four. Their team of young ladies
she looked like a pretty young preacher. She sat on the grass. She pulled up her dress
and she showed them her ruffles and laces and white fluffy duct. She said she was learning
a new way to bring up her children so they would not spend. While the boys in the barnyard
were shoveling, wrapped you stand there from yesterday's part. While the girl in the
metal was rubbing her eye, let the fellow down by the dot. He looked like a man with a
size of a home in the country with a big fence out front. If he asked her for a lightly,
she'd show him her nest of beth-dog who was subject to fit. And maybe she'd let him
grab hold of her small tender hands with the movement so quick. And then she'd bend over
and suck out his candy so tasty made of butter sky. And then he spread with cream all over
her cookies that she had left out on her shelf. If you think this is dirty, you can go
fuck yourself.
On 16 at 5.60 WQM, so the water Nazi was screaming at whom? Will you tell me the water
Nazi was screaming hysterically and bitching and chewing out Todd? He's an asshole. How
do you like that? Always like that water Nazi. Yeah. 5.607.05. I was speaking of water.
5.607.0560, pound 5.60 on the mobile one line here on a very weak wind. They year weak.
We're strong on this end, baby. Just ask what's in there and that slime ball. Peter Lenner.
Logan. Yeah, we're smoking over here. That's why we got the incense burnin' and people
have spoken their head in their own way. What is it? Is there a fire in here? Did he
do that one? Who was that by the way? What is that song? I think Zog. What is it? Zog. Zog.
Zog from Power 96. How did I know he's from Power 96? His name is Zog. Here's a mobile
and four-letter mail. Hello. Yeah, hello. You don't. Okay, sir. Yeah, it's nice.
I just wish to hear the wrong question. I would like to ask you. Why you always like to
badmondedly come people? Well, you're the same jackass that called me two days ago.
Okay, get a live pal. Go see the witch doctor. Go see David Simill in the witch doctor.
567-0560-560 on a mobile one line. They all got the same line. They got a written down.
They got a written down like Mike Spindell used to have his show open. Good evening. This is Mike Spindell.
My name is, you know, my name is my name is my anus. Whatever he was doing. Because I want to tell a truth here,
pal. I want to have one show on here in the world where somebody tells it about reality instead of
the details and bubble my teeth and witch doctors and strangling chickens on a front lawn. Okay. That's what I want to talk about.
And let me say it again. I'm a holly doready and sunrise. Now that I'm doing the show today and I realize how few of us
there are that have the cones to really tell it like it is. You deserve like a metal.
Because all these other people are a bunch of lemmings, a bunch of sheep just like this last chicken
strangling that we had on the phone here. He's probably choking it right now. Here's a delray beach. It's Nigg or Neal on 5.60 km.
Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I would like to come in holly too because I was forced. I had that crap forced on me all my life,
man. My mom used to take me to church every Sunday. Look at this Sunday morning. Sunday night. Wednesday night. Oh, God.
How many times do you have to go before you're safe? How many Hail Mary's do you have to go before you're sure you're going to get forgiven? Oh, but God listen though. I finally when I hit my 20s
and I sat down one day and opened the Bible and I can't get past the first page. Right. First couple of pages that will tell you right there. It's a bunch of man.
So I'll play the Kings and the King's King version. I would beg everybody out there to read the first freaking 10-tergoth and you're going to go, what the hell is this crap?
Yeah. Right. You know, and can I call somebody beach? That's a bigoted nasty, uh, narrow-minded crap written by bigoted nasty and you're reminded people. Go ahead. Oh, and hateful. Yeah. Hateful.
And every time the killing and, uh, begetting and all kinds of crap. I just want to call people to go ahead. Facts.
Dave and Bob at how you change. Do you expect? Okay, especially that day from popular the call before God must be related to Todd Dreck.
56670560, pond 560 on a mobile one line. Let me see it again. We love the water. Not you. We love fat boys. We couldn't have done it without Todd Dreck who kind of turned the whole thing around.
Just like I could never have adopted this fantastic attitude about this great workplace without guilty. I really, you got to understand sometimes it's just like people who claim to have a religious experience.
You know, that's what I had. I had nothing to do with the bubble mice. He's with organized religion. It just had to do with a whole philosophy of life.
How can you complain in belly ache when they pay a lot of money and they just leave you alone and they stay out of your hair and they let everybody do whatever they want and everybody thinks they run the place and they know it's fine.
And it seems to be working okay. In spite of the fact that we got a self-suffer keeps on always cheap spots like footies says over there in my 100.
Oh, brother. See why why can't Todd record over in cell a footies show? Huh? They deserve each other. That's a match made in purgatory in limbo.
Here's a lady mobile in sunrise. Hello. Hello. I'm Danielle. Yes, ma'am. Hi. Yes. Can you hear me? Okay. It's about ready to rain. Now I've pitched forks and nigger babies over here.
Pitch forks and nigger babies. Yeah. What does that mean? Well, that means very, very hard rain. It's a Midwestern term.
Or is that like nigger toes? No, yeah. The nuts. Right. Yeah. Pitch forks and nigger babies. Okay. You said it. Anyway, I wanted to even as a child. I was very, I didn't get it. You know, I had to go to Catholic school. Yeah.
And I mean, I didn't take it seriously. I took my confirmation name from B. Witch because I love Samantha. Yeah. And I just the thing. I just, I don't know. You know, I've, I've read a little bit about.
And I think it's probably the closest thing that I thought was a little more.
So do we look to a crack? Well, it probably, you know, but I don't. I kind of got into it a little bit, but still it's, I know what you mean. And I.
Okay. Well, be sure to say hi to Shirley McLean. Okay. 5 6 7 0 5 60, pond 5 60 on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile in North Miami. Hit it again. There it is. Mobile in North Miami. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay, sir. Just had an east on the Palm Meadow. Yes. And sure enough, what do I go by Sam Ash on the Palm Meadow? Not on a Palm Meadow. Yeah. I thought it was in the market. Well, this I just drove by one on the Palm Meadow.
Getting close to like 27th. Yeah. And not a car in the parking lot. Right? Yeah. Two blocks down the street is Brands Mark must have been 300 cars in the parking lot.
Oh, hey, better get their stuff together. They're stuff. Yeah. And also on the way home today. Yes. It looks like the end of the world on your way home. And I was up on the Ives area in 95.
Oh, it's not the n***a babies coming down. Is it? It's after then you could have gone. No one is up.
Practice sports. Oh, okay. Thanks for the good news. See, I told you that.
They don't go. Just pissed off and fired up. I told you that I had my own rebirth and reawakening this morning.
I thought it was guilty. It was really good. Yeah. Because when Neil God gets pissed off, maybe all of a sudden,
it gets real offence through inch parts out there. 5 6 7 0 5 60, pond at the law for a minute,
Fincher in sparts and pond 5 60 on a mobile one line here on a really enjoyable Wednesday. I'm having a good time.
I had a nice freelance from pizza loft. Maybe I'm getting my CD burner today, which I didn't think was going to be this big of a song in the dance.
I thought it was going to be like falling off a log, you know. See, the good people like our friend,
although he used to be our friend, self-alcohol, and it brought all that solely water to my home. He's at a time until the end of this week.
Okay, but he's our friend. He came right to the house. I expected some shlipper. You know, to come to the house.
By the way, I took that owl boy. I don't know if you notice. I have an equal one just like that in my house.
In fact, I'm going to start drinking it right out of the can every day. Oh, you drink it. And she's on my feet.
Here's a hi-a-lea. Hello. Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil. My wife's parents are to Hobos Witnesses. And her father fell off a ladder about three weeks ago.
And part of the religion says no blood transfusions. Right. So I want to, well, he passed away last week.
It's a loss of blood. Oh, and I want to know from the Jehovah's Witnesses, what's the bigger sin, murder, or no blood transfusions.
Right. Because they knew that he needed blood. But they wouldn't give it to him. So, welcome, Dr. Jack Hesinger.
But this guy was walking around free. Oh, I guess he's not anymore. No, he's not. Yeah. So, I mean, what kind of religion is based on ignorance?
I think the word crazy is what you're looking for. And it's sane. Have you heard about the MP3 files? Yeah.
Can you record one of those MP3s on your CD? Oh, I haven't got any idea. I don't know. See, I don't have the MP3 yet. That's the other thing I'm looking for.
But the last thing I need is to start looking for another thing right now. Well, the MP3s are free. They're free off the internet. Right. And the player is free. The recorders are free. Right.
And I mean, let's say, for example, there are all these websites on the internet where you can listen to music from all over the world. Right.
Now, if you have an MP3, can you download onto it and then record it under another like on a CD? Yeah, that's what I'm saying. You can do that? Yeah, you got free music. No more buying CDs or buying records or whatever. Right. Right.
Yeah. And they got like news groups set up for different versions of different types of MP3s. Right. Excellent. That'll be next. All right. Thanks.
Later. There you go. See, we're going to get around all of this. And then of course I can start. I'm going to be making 5,000 copies of the Backstreet Boys new album. What's wrong with that?
It's just a joke. Okay. It's just a joke. We're not going to be pirating CDs and stuff like that. Are we? No, we're not. 5, 6, 7, 9, everyone of it when the video was. What am I looking for? I'm so worked up about that goddamn Todd Dreck.
Run my whole day. I was on top of the world. I felt like Karen Carpenter figuratively speaking. Now I feel like we're literally speaking because of him.
But when VCRs first came out, it was the same thing. Oh my God. They're going to be pirating movies and making copies. And remember they used to have the special coding and all which they still do, I guess in some cases.
And then we figured out how you get around that and you can still make copies of movies all you want. And people were pirating movies and you know something.
The actual number of those in the amount of it doesn't amount to a people in the snow. Somebody I know would say, not to nothing.
So what's the big deal when they get all worked up about? It's Tracy Neely by the way getting me the Millennium album by the back.
She has a wonderful day. Well, what the hell is it Tracy God? Damn it. It's coming out in five days and I shouldn't have it first before anybody else for my good friend.
What's his name up there in Orlando? Big daddy. Whatever's name is. Big papa. Big papa. What's his name? Louis Perlman. Louis Perlman. Probably knows Bob Perlman.
5.670560. I hope he loans him some money and pound 560 on a mobile one line. One.
First. High back to Mau.
Hi there. Bothered by those pesky religious fanatics.
Excuse me. Have you made peace with the Alphanets Supreme being?
Leave me alone. Yes. You could try blowing them up.
Pardon me, sir, but did you know that your moral soul is indangible?
But think of the mess. Not to mention those legal fees. That's why we at Lingham Labs have developed Jehovah Way.
The clean, simple way to rid yourself of those annoying acolytes.
Jesus, let me this I know.
Pour it.
Knock it off!
Where are we? What are we doing here?
Man, I gotta get a light.
Yes, Jehovah Way. Prove and safe and effective. And for those annoying encounters at the airport, it's new travel-sized Jehovah Way.
Please, no. Please, no. Please, no.
Oh, hey, where do I get these stupid clothes? And what is my hair? My hair!
Yes, Jehovah Way. The little spray that keeps fanatics away.
Look for it in the pest control section of your local hardware store.
130 at 560 WQMG Mandage for Hanky to a clock, Kimbo Campo with six Marlon baseball on a clock tonight.
So it's raining evidently. Negra babies up in Broward is what the facts are just saying.
Raining cats and dogs. I could turn on a weather channel, even though it's probably being that here on a small dish, we only get the generic one.
So it doesn't show the local forecast.
But it's like the end of the world out there. How do you like that?
Because he works in mysterious ways, you know.
5667-0560, pound 560 on the mobile one line.
So you didn't tell the people from Power 96 that we were burning a real good one here before.
And that's why you lit up the incense. They don't know. How's anybody gonna know, yeah?
Like that first day bluff came in here. You know, that cigar. This is a no-spoken environment. Yeah. Smoke piss.
I heard that there was a lot of smoke going on yesterday when I left after I handed out those pono pictures we got in that box.
Here's the North Miami Beach. Hello.
North Miami Beach, yes sir.
Yes sir. Hi buddy. I just heard you talking about religion.
And many times when I call you, point out how I just sound like I'm smoking some kind of weeds, I just want to point out that I am.
And you have to have the beginning of the conversation. So you don't want to talk about religion.
I'm listening. I'm listening. I'm listening. I'm listening. I'm being afraid of myself. Sorry, I'm such an asshole.
Right. Okay, well I wanted to point out to you that in the Judeo-Christian faith masturbation is equal to murder.
So that's the thing that drove me away from religion because that's the thing that drove you away from masturbation?
No, no, no, from religion. That's the thing that drove me toward masturbation.
And the whole thing comes down to a few waste semen in some kind of way that might cut down on the amount of children born and the amount of income.
You can't spill that semen on the soil, that's right.
You can't spill that semen on the soil, that's right. You can't spill that semen on the soil, that's right.
Exactly, exactly. So that's the whole thing. The whole key is fluid management.
Right, that's it. That's the whole religion. And I want to make sure you have your fluid checked at all times.
But another point I want to make sure you have your fluid checked at all times.
Here's that asshole, Bokobrine, yes sir, go ahead.
That's about the Jewish religion. The whole thing about all of your food, it's like the Jews have been teaching brand loyalty for 5,000 years.
Yeah, and like everyone wonders why they have so much money.
Yeah, but we're still buying from the goi. Okay, God bless you sir.
Take care, bye.
And go to the Zenhyte. Okay, here's Bokobrine, just walked in with a box.
And guess what, we're going to stick his ass in there before the day is, it's all your fault.
And what timing, too, because look at the facts I just got. Look where it's from.
San Ashwell. It's no. It's it's smell. No, that's the, that's the infant.
It's a look at it. Look at the handwriting. It looks like a two-year-old child wrote this from San Ash doors.
Dear Neal, I sincerely apologize for the misunderstanding regarding your CD player slash recorder.
It is on its way. Bokobrine promised you delivery of the unit without first connecting it.
Us without first consulting us. We appreciate your business and hope we can be of service unit.
Without consulting us, didn't he call in yesterday?
He said that's the yes. Didn't, but didn't I speak to the guy yesterday?
Yes. Am I, am I, am I screaming?
Nice talking to the guy all day yesterday all day.
Right. But now, now this male who's trying to save his job up there, which we hope he don't get into too much trouble,
although we don't really care. But I mean, he's blaming it on Bokobrine. It's his fault.
When Bokobrine is trying to drum up some business for you to see you just don't understand it.
I got a client's TV, which is a fine sponsor of ours, which didn't happen to have the particular unit I want,
or I would never dream to buy it in any place else.
And then we got Brandsmart up the street. We got Best Buy. We got Worst Buy.
We got everybody in their brother-in-law's got these goddamn things now.
And poor Bokobrine factors me yesterday immediately, as soon as you heard me talking about wanting one of these damn things,
and it turns me out of San Ash trying to drum up some business, giving you guys a free plug on here.
You've had 5,000 plugs. Unfortunately, the last 40, 980 of them haven't been too good.
And he was the one that told me that if I'd given the credit card number, he would take care of the whole thing.
Right! That turned out to be wrong.
And then they tear that thing up. They probably bought a couple of trips to a rubble with my credit card number up there.
I'm calling all the airlines and telling them if anybody from San Ash has made any airline reservations in the last two hours, cancel it.
And here's poor Bokobrine, and there who's already depressed and manic and psychotic.
And he's standing there like holding up against the wall. Like the wall has come tumbling down like Jericho.
Just walk it off.
Yeah, just calm down. Just take a deep breath. Okay. You'll feel better. I got your check here anyway.
Here you go. And he still don't feel better.
And there's the word suicide ring a bell.
Yes.
Wow. All right. That's not Tick on Emilga, okay?
That's not Tick on him. Because he said it's all Brian's fault. Bokka.
Maybe we can inspire the Bokka hating guy to call in today too.
Oh God. This is, I don't know if this is fun or what. I don't know. I'll let you know as soon as I find out how that thing works.
Now what's the story with that thing? Do I have to hook that up to my amplifier or water? Is that like a free, how does that thing, let's take a puke.
It'll probably have to be hooked. There's the amplifier. Yeah.
Oh, I know it's easy. Hey, listen. I'm a wizard that's about the only thing in the world I can do.
It's so kind of all kinds of electronic crap. I'm great at that. It's like a CD player, but right.
It also records. So I'll just take that crappy turntable of mine out of there and stick this in there.
Or maybe I'll just take my CD when I'm there with all of my need that. That's a great idea.
This is a, yeah, just does the same thing.
Because I'll just stick that in there and I'll put my CD player someplace else. Like maybe up Brian's...
Backed home. Yeah.
Okay, come on. Everybody stop picking on poor Boca Brian. All right. You put his glasses on. I mean, he's serious now.
Welcome to South Florida, ladies and gentlemen. You want to buy something? The answer is you want to give us some money? No.
No. You want to do business with us? No.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 5, 60 on the mobile one line. I'd say that's a type of direct call on those people. Maybe he can get them on here.
Max made a title show. Max made an limbo.
Wait for the story.
And when I've always on the main.
You've seen together my bad daddy.
You've ruined you through the press.
So why am I in love with you?
You've never thought of me before.
You've never thought of me before. So you should be.
When there's someone.
I can count on you. Please be on the side.
When I see you.
I fall in love.
So why am I in love with God?
Because you're the best.
Why am I in love with you?
Okay. So here's the news. That's a box.
And we don't have any discs.
635 dollars later. I got a nice Phillips unit here. I got my unit.
Are there any discs in there? No.
Even like one? No.
But I do have a fact from the Miami Florida Cat fans. You're celebrating 60 years.
Thanking you for mentioning their catcher on here. Glad that your listeners will be able to enjoy the tickets.
And they'd like to offer us more tickets so that we can share them with our listeners.
And you like that? They must be listening very carefully.
Okay. We've got 150 open lines right now. I guess everybody out there is drowning.
Must be Noah got started all over again. God got pissed off.
560, 560, 0560, 0560, on a mobile one line.
So 635 dollars later with tax of course.
I've got this nice Phillips unit here. This CD burner player recorder.
Without one single CD or disc in there or any other kind of disc.
Now what am I going to do with that?
Okay. Here's Daniel. Hello. I guess I'll have to go out in the pouring range.
Shlup in around looking for discs now. Hello.
Daniel. Yes sir. How you doing?
Larry Storch. That last week someone mentioned F-Truth on your show.
I think Larry Storch was the guy you're trying to think of the kind of things with the half flip top.
Anyway. I was trying to think about it. I never watched it. I never saw it once in my life.
Anyways, you slammed on that lady great with the cat tickets. That was beautiful.
Listen, in August I'm going to take my wife to Amsterdam.
And I'm proud you mentioned Cologne, Germany. I'm planning to do the train like.
But if there was a three things you must do or see what would be the three quick things you must do or see there.
What do you mean by that?
Well, I mean place to go and never been there before.
I just heard something.
What the Amsterdam? It all depends on what you want, what you're going there for.
I mean, visit in a friend who came over here.
Well, if you're visiting your friend, he'll know you and he'll know the three things you want to go and do and who you want to do.
Okay. But I understand it's a good time there.
It's a great time. I'm still in the best.
Okay. Hey, thanks. You'll have a great time.
You will.
Yeah, there were three of McDonald's you wanted to go to.
Well, there's one there on the dam right down there by the dam square.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 right next to the pot chain place.
And pound 5, 60, animal mobile one line. We got Jim Mad Dog, Mandage.
Yeah.
We look like for Hank Goldberg today. He hangs up at the apprickness in Baltimore for next to 20 or 30 days.
And then we got Kimberville camper with six. What now?
What am I missing out? What was he doing?
I'm just trying to get you some disc. The project continues. I mean, what's the point of having this? I'm not going to have any discs.
Oh, it looks nice.
What in the box? If you were to look for the box.
Two by the way, you know, Brian, I'm just trying to size up what kind of what size of a box we would need for him.
Three by five. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello.
Hey, Neil. How you doing?
Okay, sir.
Second biggest Maple Leaf fan in Florida behind you.
Yeah.
And I just want to thank Carrie Frazier, that Ronald McDonald wanted.
Yeah. Well, it's all over here. We're not the real Maple Leaf fans.
Don't cry and why. You know, it's one of those things. We had to lead three times when we blew it and we deserved ones the game.
You know, you don't keep letting that offense been walked right into within eight feet of the net.
You don't stand there like Cobbler watching the Yuris Lager walk right in.
You have to play some defense to win and stand the cup finals.
You can't wait for the gold judge of the referee. You have to win a game on your own.
We had the game won and we blew it. And it's as simple as that.
Five six seven. See, I'm trying to teach you how to be a real fan, not to be a crybaby.
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line.
They showed to replace 75,000 times the puck still didn't go into net yet, but you know what?
We still blew the lead three different times and lost the game in the late stages.
You got to learn to play defense if you're going to win in the Stanley Cup.
Here's a mobile in Del Rey Beach. Hello.
Hey, God. Yes, sir. How you doing today?
Okay.
Hey, um, did you get your, do you have to get your important programming letter from direct TV yesterday?
No.
Now they're going to take NBC all of them off now.
Yeah, I don't have any of those on direct TV anyway.
Yeah, I know. I still have the NBC, but I can put it in the other side there taking that off.
They gave me some stupid little letter to make copies so I could send off some of the GMs that all the lower ones.
Yeah, well, don't waste your time.
Yeah, wait.
Don't waste the stamp to postage.
Hey, you're pretty good at hooking up electronic, huh?
Yeah.
That is the worst, man. I got like a big birch net behind my TV.
I can't figure out anything.
Well, I'm an expert.
I'm sure at everything.
Okay, and have a great day and get some material.
56670560.560 on a mobile one line.
Where we going? Is there one that says, I pray here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Mobile in Miami.
Gone, long gone.
Let's try a mobile in Naples. Hello.
Not a mobile, Neil.
Here's somebody stationary in Naples.
I'm not an atheist, but I do share your view about the organized religion.
I think it's nothing but something to sedate the masses and control them.
And I'm wondering, have you ever seen any of the pictures of the telescope?
I once from the telescope to Hubble telescope and seeing how vast the universe is.
I'm wondering how these people that follow religious, you know, the standard of religious
can think that they have some sort of a concept of God when we can't even see past the edge of our own universe.
Well, you know, I didn't want to have to be that.
Sure, what we have to do, which I've been doing for 23 years in this town,
is ask people what God is and then you realize they don't have any concept of what it is.
It's just a word. They've been brainwashed with it.
They're terrified like crap of death.
And that's what it's all about. There's nothing more to it than that.
I think it's a lousy word because it brings to mind so many negative connotations, especially,
you know, the guy sitting on a marble throne with a long white beard.
Yeah.
That's just so totally ridiculous.
God, damn it.
How could you possibly stick God in any book or any philosophy?
You know, this thing that created this universe cannot be held down to one point or one thought.
I mean, George said at the other day about, well, I jumped a little bit here.
But I kind of, I feel that the other side of the coin being an atheist is almost as ridiculous as saying there is a God.
Why is that?
Because you can't prove it and neither can they.
So you don't have to prove something when you're not the one who brought forth the hypothesis.
You see that? You've got it backwards.
If I say to you, there's little green men on Mars, you don't have to prove to me that there aren't.
So it's not incumbent upon the atheist or anybody other non-believer to prove there is no God.
If you want to tell me there's a God, prove it.
Okay. I'm still waiting.
5667-0560-05060-1-1-1-1-1.
I mean, anybody with any common sense knows that this is all a bunch of man-made garbage.
All they got to do is read this, read this will.
These sexist, racist, horrendous, grotesque will written by a bunch of bigoted old men.
Thousands of years ago.
Oh, yeah, but the good book says, you know, okay, whatever you say.
How about Daniel and the Lions then?
It's 11-D-4-2-5-60, and of course, you know, that's our poll for tomorrow, by the way.
See, that's the good thing about this MP3 thing now on a computer.
I was saying to George before during the break is that a lot of guys will be able to download all kinds of music that they're terrified to buy in the music store because they don't want to see them buying Elton John records.
No, seriously, I mean, if you ask most great guys, they like Elton John, they will tell you, oh, that's a baguette.
I would never listen Elton John.
I got news for as many records as he sold over the years.
There must, if only Faggets listen to his music, there must be hell of a lot of us.
Yeah, there are.
Yeah, right.
So you don't like Elton John?
Oh, yeah, I haven't done a lot.
I can understand great guys don't want to hear the bitches back too many times, you know.
But other than that.
No, Stan, like disco.
That's another thing.
Oh, that's Fagg music.
Okay, yeah.
That's what Volka Bryant said.
242 at 560 WQM.
Let me tell you.
