436-WQAM Miami Port Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
You're talking Neil called 566-0560 toll free, redated Broward or pound 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions or the easily broadcast room.
No, Neil Rogers on sports radio 560-QAM.
Why are you fast food?
Lenny's asked America what they wanted and all you can eat breakfast.
I want more than just a lot of food.
A lot of choices.
Bacon, pancakes and eggs. Any way I want them.
Oh and sausages, those little sausages that look like doctors.
Yeah, the ones that always come stuck together.
What is that?
They don't want to warm them under a heat lamp at some fast food place.
I want to warm them under a heat lamp at Lenny's.
Don't you how I want it.
I want bacon really fatty and lean so that when you pick it up, you sort of juke off your finger and eggs with the yolk broken so they're out of their wrap.
I want it served by a fat, swollen wakers or the mustache so I have an excuse to stiffer.
Hey, man, do we bet you now?
I don't want to stand in line.
I want to wait in line to get seated for a really long time.
They do that at Lenny.
Lenny.
America, there's a new all you can eat.
Grand Slam Breakfast Menu.
Head Lenny's.
It's everything you already expect from Lenny's.
Just a lot more of it.
At room temperature.
Looks like they got a deep dark problem at Lenny's.
Does that?
Although not deep in his darkness, a lot of people thought it might be because they're verdict only $300 per plaintiff.
How do you like that?
A Denny's restaurant manager discriminated against nine Everglades correctional facility guards when he kicked them out of the restaurant.
But, but.
The incident seemed isolated, not an example of intentional corporate discrimination if a federal judge ruled on Thursday.
Five more minutes for one.
Here's the mobile and four-letter deal.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you doing, sir?
Okay, sir.
I was listening to a wakers last night.
He was talking to all of you.
Okay.
US District Judge Patricia Sites Award of the Everglades Correctional Facility Guards Compensatory Damage of $300 each.
$300 each, okay?
Because they would, so we made up a story about, well, we're closing now because they're out of food after the holiday weekend.
Six dark, complexed guys and the three white guys.
And then shortly afterward, a bunch of white women came in and all of a sudden they did have food and they were ready to do business again.
$300 a piece.
Nice going, Lenny's.
See, we don't care about time, don't like this.
Okay, sir.
Don't waste our time.
Grow up.
We don't care about small potatoes with their motorcycle jackets.
We don't care about people who left here years ago in the middle of the night and the trottled off the Phoenix, Arizona because I had a seven one share and they had a three point.
They reinvented history and we written history, make up a lot of lies.
Okay, not interested pal.
And take a look at those numbers, by the way.
If you got a big magnifying glass, take a look at the big number they got over there.
You can't don't like this, okay?
In addition to which, let me say it again, why would anybody who's got a syndicated show that's heard all over the country,
waste their time talking about me.
Am I on excepting for Myers over there where it's 40 people, is that, am I anywhere else in America besides here?
No.
What the hell is the point?
Other than, of course, they're obsessed.
You know what I said?
If I had a million dollars for every person that was like obsessed with me in this business, I could buy every radio station in this market.
Not to mention Joy Reynolds, Paul Castronova, Tom Don't Like Us, and the list goes on and on.
Narotic people obsessed with the O'Rongers, you know, which is of course a good substitute for your own talent.
Right Tom?
You're out, Tom.
Anyway, one of the great columns.
You know, I'm starting to have a feeling that maybe there's a little bit of hope, because our two newspapers suck.
The editorial boards are garbage.
And by the way, did anybody see yesterday, Ike Siemens, suck in Tom Fiedler's ass on Channel 6?
Uh-huh.
You see that?
You know, some people on this station who hate to hear old as much as I do, they'd better start learning the thing or two about their good buddy that old, funny, bloody Ike Siemens, okay?
Who's just another shill for the Miami hero.
He was with Mickey Ererson back a year and a half ago, with all that arena bull crept, and he still is now.
Tom Fiedler, before I get into the Great Roberts Time back on the night, go on Bobby.
One of the great columns in history.
What a joke, and he's Fiedler's honor.
This is the same guy that went after Gary Hart running around his yellow trench coat, because Gary Hart challenged the media.
Oh, come watch me, and I'm not done that until I'm around, that of course Don't Are Rice, and he would've been running around.
Tom Fiedler was the one who was running around in the hiding in the bushes, whacking in the bushes.
And he, so he's the perfect guy to ask, speaking of bushes, about George W, and his cocaine, my mythical problem.
And he comes on there yesterday to put him on for like a minute.
Oh, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, I don't think it's anybody's face.
Nobody cares, maybe.
And here comes Ike Siemens on after the piece and, oh, what a refreshing change of attitude.
Tom, a refreshing change of attitude.
So in other words, if somebody's getting blow jobs or something up there in Washington, and their private sex life, that was supposed to find out about.
But if somebody maybe did some cocaine or had a serious booze problem, these are things we're not concerned about.
If we want to put them in a white house and put their finger right a button, you imbicill, you idiot, you.
What a moron.
Tom Fiedler.
He's an asshole.
Yeah, he's one of the reasons you had a Torell board that they heard of such a joke.
Go find your yellow trench coat again, Tom, okay?
You imbicill.
Maybe you and Tom, me, you and Ike Siemens can elope.
You old, funny, dirty fool of you.
You silly person you.
What a refreshing change of attitude.
Yeah, well, guess what?
The American people don't happen to agree.
They had the poll under this morning.
And number three thing that the public does want to know about is if one of the candidates didn't have a drug problem.
We're not talking about spoken a little weed 20 years ago.
We're talking about a drug problem.
Not only will George W. not answer the question, but now his new deal is waiting here this.
The new deal is, well, he isn't, he isn't going to respond to anything that happened before the age of 28.
That's like Henry Hyde about his youthful indiscretions when he was only in his early 40s, you know?
It's youthful indiscretions.
How old do you have to be like about 95 before you become mature and you're responsible for your own actions before you finally sowed your wild holland oats?
Is that what it's all about?
What a piece of crap George W.
See, the only reason that he's got those big poll numbers now is because nobody knows anything about him and Algor is so boring.
And his name is Booch.
Well, once they start fighting, remember Michael Dukakis had real big numbers too once upon a time against the other Booch.
And then all of a sudden everybody found out what a little prop he was and it all g'd not him.
Way to lay fine out about George W.
Where he's coming from with his real right wing anti-human stance and what he's done in Texas, by the way.
To the social programs there.
But nevertheless, so in other words, the implication is that maybe he did do some coke when he was 20 years old.
He was 27 or 27 and a half or 27 and three quarters or the day before he turned 28.
But he's not going to answer any questions about anything he did or who he screwed or how much boozy drank or how many nervous breakdowns he had before he was 28.
Well, you know what people are going to accept that unacceptable.
Unbelievable.
And we're supposed to be really pleased and proud of Tom Fieber at the hero that he's got this refreshing new attitude.
Well, guess what the public ain't buying it. Okay. You silly old person. You silly old fool.
Ike Siemens and some of the people on this station.
We have to have a little bit more common sense that was funny.
Are like in bed with Ike Siemens rolling around with him grabbing every part they can get a hold of even his.
Oh God, what a thought.
By the way, I'll be here to know and George will be here.
No, because I mean this is a little bit of a sensitive thing.
But no seriously, Jim for of course has other commitments in Philadelphia since he doesn't really work down here or work for this radio station as you know.
So they were flying me out to San Diego to do the game tomorrow night with managed to dolphin the charger game.
So I got a hop on a plane to get out there, which is the last thing in the world I need to do is go to a beautiful place like San Diego when I could be here.
You know what I'm saying, but nevertheless new and George will be on for two hours.
That's especially for that little spit out there that always gets iconic when George is on.
That's especially for you and he's already squeezing himself out there that kid just turn your name the fact that you'll be on as soon as he hears your voice will be squeezing heavy duty.
Good luck to you pal.
Eight minutes past 10 so I better hurry up and talk fast because they only got a couple hours because they got a lot of stuff here today, baby.
I got a full plate.
We don't have time to your bull crap about time don't like us.
Okay, sir.
That's why I'm glad I got that other way right off the bat.
This guy wasn't such a big hurry.
Another yenta in training.
We don't need any more yentos.
Okay.
Get with the program.
Nobody gives a crap about what he has to say or podcast.
Nobody has to say they're concerned about what I have to say.
You know what I'm talking about?
F&A, baby.
This town sits up and listens.
The world sits up and listens when I get on here and open up my big fat damn mouth.
That's right.
Even over there in London, although silly, pretty idiots over there.
Those poor repressed factors that we feel so sorry for.
They're sitting up upright right now.
We're reaching around trying to grab something if they only had the equipment.
They're so excited about my being on here.
All the rest of Europe, they're six hours out of us.
England, they're only five hours out of us.
It has nothing to do with geography.
It has to do with the fact that they're an hour behind the rest of the world.
Which translates to like a million years.
Come on, baby.
Come play with these titties.
Okay.
I got money, really.
He's done.
He's done.
He's done.
He's done.
I left him, please.
I also hope we won't miss out on him.
I'm a dead, a dead, a dead traitor.
I'm a side of the gang.
I'm not a soul.
I'm a dead soul.
He's my gun out.
Who's there, bring it out.
I'm a good, great girl.
Who I hope that can be a way.
You're the one who's done.
So if the head are a...
Does that mean the dead traitor?
Come on, I'm a side of the gang.
I'm not a girl.
Who's there, bring it out.
Who's there, bring it out.
Who's there, bring it out.
Let's play that down.
Okay, it's the 10-14 at 5-60 W-3M.
You know what I almost forgot about?
Because I got so much stuff on the plate here in only two hours to do it today.
Let me take this quick call, mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, hey.
We have a little conversation about yesterday, about the teacher thing.
How young is two youngs?
I want more to say about that, yes?
Well, I was, I guess, eighth grade here locally in a junior high school.
And I had the biggest crush on my math teacher.
Yeah.
And she used to come and watch our soccer games in a school and all that and whatnot.
Yeah.
So one night, you know, one thing led to another after a soccer game.
And next thing I know was someone with her in her husband.
Squirt, Squirt, yeah.
Or either husband, huh?
And husband.
And, um, which was, no, no narcotics or anything involved.
It's not God for that.
Yeah, this went on through the whole school year.
Yeah.
And needless to say, I went through her class with a 1A, which was, you know,
Oh, that was, it was a beautiful thing.
And if I'd like to, I'd like to get a shameless request and dedicate heart dex to Mrs. S.
Okay.
And North, my meet you in your high school.
Okay, sweetheart.
Thank you.
Bye-bye.
I'm after Mrs. S.
He left the Mr. Out of course.
I guess he was just in the middle.
So anyway, I'll get back to that in a second.
Um, I, one thing I didn't mention at all yesterday.
If there's anybody who doubted that, let me tell you right now that yesterday was the proof we needed.
Thank God it was on for just, it was a short time.
Uh, was I barbecue?
Was I getting barbecue?
Was I just barbecue?
Well, that's, that's good.
That's good.
Because if it's by kneel, that's good.
Because it means you're on the radar screen.
And, and, and there's so much coming up.
I'm not a petition in this town that, that you've got to get recognized.
Because that's good.
And then that was the best part of his show.
That was the highlight.
I mean, seriously, the fact that this radio station put that man on the air in the middle of the day,
if they bad enough we put the Marlin games, at least we're contractually obligated for that.
We have no choice.
Okay.
So that, because we only paid billions of dollars for the right to put that swill on the air and destroy our ratings and cost us a lot of money.
But that's a contractual thing.
But to think that we would put Joe Zagaki on, I would rather hear that you know something we could have played.
Mandate sings volumes one and two over and over again on an endless loop for two and a half hours and had tripled the audience we had for Joe Zagaki yesterday between two and four thirty.
Yeah, you want just barbecued.
You were spit roasted, okay, Joe?
You suck.
You're an embarrassment.
Maybe you and I seem and can all hope.
And take that Tom Fieler with you by the way.
You can all kind of hide in that big, gigantic yellow trench coat of yours in the bushes.
The gauntz and the spoha.
God.
Just just embarrassing.
In fact, I'm going to tell you something once people hear me do that game because I did broadcast of course college football for years, Albee in college, all of that college many, many years in Michigan.
And the one thing you hear me do that game out.
I would be surprised if it's one of those walley lenders, your glove kind of deals, you know.
Walley Pippa, Lou Gehrig never saw Walley Pippa again.
Bill Zimper, you may be sorry that you had those contracts or obligations with WIP and Philadelphia and couldn't make it out to San Diego tomorrow.
And I understand I've never been there. I understand it's a great town is what I hear.
San Diego.
I'm sure it's great.
So we'll see what happens tomorrow night.
It's going to be fantastic.
I know the mad dog is going to be in fact he'll be on from San Diego this afternoon.
I mean, he might actually have some comments about that.
He'll be on from two to five this afternoon to when he's show from San Diego.
Mandatch is topic this afternoon by the way, we'll be how young is two young.
So anyway, getting back to that here is one of the great columns and Fred Grimm lately's written some great column.
Carl Heiss and stop right into about manatees long enough to write two or three good columns already the last few months.
And what about that Sue Reisenberg, which I thought she was just another old funny, dirty.
She's written a couple of great columns.
So in between the two newspapers, even though the paper suck and the editorial boards are a laughing stock in episodes like Tom Feeder.
We got a few columnists with some balls like Robert Steinbach.
How's that radio show coming along Robert heard that lately?
No, but nevertheless not a good column, Robert.
A great column in this morning's hero, which I'll read.
Okay.
BSO bust sex orgies it says the Broward County morality police have received a local rebuked from the public for intruding into people's private lives.
The setback for the morality police.
I mean the Broward Sheriff's Office he says and forms a January 17th rate of a famous for my members only swingers club and Pompeo Beach.
Two of the 31 people arrested were high school teachers until the Broward project.
The Broward protect the morals of children by people into people sex lives board.
I mean the Broward County school board suspended them without pay August 3rd.
That's a great line.
The Broward protect the morals of children by people into people sex lives board.
After being pummeled by two weeks of national and local ridicule board members reversed themselves to then allowed the teachers to continue his paid employees,
although the morality police and truce may have ruined their careers as classroom teachers.
The teachers have been named in media reports something I won't repeat.
One a 15 year veteran was arrested for engaging in oral sex with his wife.
Where are the pillories when you need them?
The other was nabbed in the middle of a nude erotic dance with another patron.
Anybody see a crime here? I don't. He says.
The suspension's wreaked of unfairness.
The state ethics code for teachers prohibits conduct inconsistent with the standards of public conscience and good morals,
carrying on your sex life and private things fully consistent with that standard.
Teachers also must not bring themselves or the profession in a public disgrace or disrespect,
but they didn't the morality police did.
Maybe the board should make sure if Ken Jenny stay after school for a month.
And by the way, I got lots more to say about that Nazi badge to do.
Ken Jenny is going to make all of his predecessors seem like good Samaritan. That's how tajas he is.
It goes on to say any sexual act would be considered looted if performed in front of people who didn't want to witness it,
but if too consenting adults want to perform before a well-screened audience, can their behavior be considered looted?
No.
Still the school board initially concluded that the parents behavior at the club made them unfit to teach.
Hey, you never know what a high school class might be on a field trip to a swingers club,
and you simply can't run the risk of finding a teacher there.
The Athena's Forum bus was one of two winter raids conducted by the morality police.
On February 3rd officers arrested 24 patrons and employees at Trapeze 2 and 4 Lauderdale.
The hooded raiders wouldn't allow patrons to dress, forcing them to stand for 90 minutes covered only by towels.
One, ambivalent raider, however, put the matter into excellent perspective asking aloud, what am I doing here?
The view was different from the top, immediately after the raids became public knowledge on February 7th, the Athena's raid wasn't made public until then.
Jenny's office proudly declared more operations are planned for the future, but then the embarrassment factor hit.
Of the 10 couples arrested in charge with ludeness, nine were married and having sex with each other,
among them were a BSO corrections officer, a four Lauderdale patrol officer and his wife, who was a civilian employee of the Oakland Park Police.
Within days, Jenny was sputtering denials that he authorized the Athena's raid, contracting statements made by field commanders.
Finally, Jenny declared, we're not in the business of trying to raid these places on a regular basis.
There haven't been any raids since. Have the morality police gotten a clue finally?
Robert Steinbeck asked and the answer is no, but nevertheless, local authorities have a right to regulate and investigate business practices.
Businesses violating the law can be cited or shut down, but going after patrons who in good conscience feel their behaving lawfully in a private club is simple harassment, and it isn't fair for victims of harassment to pay with their jobs.
What a great column, Robert Steinbeck, I don't know the sense in the world, okay? That's exactly the way it is.
Unlike that bullcrap at a tourland, Harold a couple days ago, about semi-public orgies, that's the Tom Fiedler garbage on a editorial page.
What they added to it is like dump the editorial page and the op-ed page, and just let some of the columnists over there put their stuff on there.
As opposed to reading William Sapphire and Cal Comison on the right wing swill if they put it in or all the time.
And isn't it interesting, by the way, since we had that one good intention cop that called yesterday, that's so upset about public perceptions of police officers, and you know something?
A good cop is hard to find. We love good cops, we respect you, we appreciate you, but it's hard to find.
Because just to show you the hypocrisy, again, not only did we have the story and kindle down there, and got only knows how many of these cops were involved in that, from what we hear a lot, from all over South Florida, with the minors.
But now we got deputies linked to sex scandals with interns in Okalusa County, Shalam, however the hell it is.
Three Okalusa County sheriff deputies had sex with high school interns while on duty and provided the two day-nages with alcohol, according to an internal investigation report.
Two of the deputies have resigned, a third is under suspension and faces termination, all three worked in a crest view area.
The report released Wednesday says the teens, ages 17 and 18, when they became interns last year, had a reputation as police groupies, and that another deputy said he turned down sexual advances from the younger teenager.
Investigators wrote that criminal charges are unlikely because the internal claims she had sex with the two resigned deputies when she was 17, is unwilling to seek prosecution, both women and our year older.
Chief assistant state attorney Chuck Williams, however, said prosecutors are not ruling out charges, and will do their own investigation, including an interview with the younger teen before making any decision.
And here, by the way, some interesting information which I wasn't aware of, listen closely, ok, because it ties in with all of these things that have been in the news and we've been talking about the last few days.
Under Florida law, it is a felony for someone over 24 to have sex with a person aged 16 or 17, in all instances the sex was found to have been consensual, said Sheriff Charlie Morris, but let me say it again.
Under Florida law, it is a felony, not a misdemeanor, not a no-no, not a nasty, not please don't do it again.
It is a felony for someone over the age of 24 to have sex with a person aged 16 or 17.
Boy, how do you like that?
Now, one thing I will say about the teacher before we get out of that, who turned herself in yesterday while we were on the air, she does have lawyers and of course the lawyers are saying what you would expect them to say, oh, this is all over with, you'll find out the real facts, there was no sex, there were no drugs, no booze, etc.
And she has a right to her day in court, but the only pre, the more you look at this story, the more bizarre it becomes.
And just like the caller we had a few minutes ago, a lot of guys out there had sex with their female teachers and a lot of guys wished that they did.
But this is more than that. The story becomes a wicked web here.
Because comes to find out that the stepfather and stepmother of the 14 year old boy who's now 16, moved into the Hollywood condo of the teacher along with the younger son, and here's the whole, the gods of the spa, living together in the condo there.
And she is accused of giving him and his friends drugs.
Marijuana, big deal, coke, acid, alcohol, cash, taking him on weekend trips throughout the state, and then of course buying him that car.
And a lot of guys are saying, alright, you can make a big joke out of it if you want to, but as far as I'm concerned, if the allegations are true, this woman needs to be put away for a long, long time.
In addition to which there also should be investigation of these so-called step parents.
It's one thing to be naive. It's another thing to be a little bit slow. But what kind of an arrangement is that?
That the whole family just kind of moved in with this teacher who's got a great background, by the way.
Graduated magna cum laude from very university in 1979.
Taught for three years at Piper Hollywood Hills, Halliday, high schools, while a French and Spanish teacher at Halliday, high, led 50 students on two field trips to Europe and set them on so on.
Pursued a law degree at Nova, South East, taught students at Jones College in Anna. I mean a very, very amazing resume.
But nevertheless, there's all kinds of being smart. Some people are book smart and very stupid in other ways.
You know what I'm talking about? How young is two young exactly?
But she deserves her day in court, then put her away, I say if it's true, for about 50 years it would be good for starters.
Oh, a lunso. You're so big.
I'm one happy guy. She's packing her bag.
Oh, till a reason, I'll leave me for New York, New York.
I'm waving goodbye.
Yeah, I'm going safe.
Rudy Giuliani, she's got to be New York, New York.
I want to wake up in the White House and be all alone.
And find there's no sign of hell, the bitch and the moon.
No more evil eyes. I won't hear her nag. Her run will make my life so sweet.
New York, New York.
If you will let her pair, she'll be out of my hair.
It's up to you. New York, New York.
She's gone on wake up in a city so far away.
While she's on Capitol Hill, I'll play golf all day.
Yeah, I can retire.
I'm a kitty.
While she goes to work, this cake will make my life so sweet.
New York, New York.
Hold her, they are left. Her pair, get her out of my hair.
Oh, please come through.
New York, New York.
Come on, baby.
Welcome, Hillary.
1033 at 560 WTM. Here's another fact from England.
You believe it needs this one from Scotland, glass of university.
It does say time 1430, which would have been corrected 930 art time.
But anyway, it says, oh, hello.
Now I believe it.
The discussion about the teacher yesterday was quite interesting.
We had a situation similar to that a couple of months back where I'm mistress in an elite grammar school in Glasgow.
I've used her position by having intimate sex with one of the pupils.
I must say she was a fine-looking chick.
Every schoolboy's dream, she lost her job and had the audacity to sell her story to the media,
Rupert Murdoch's News of the World.
She described it as the best sex she ever had.
She was in her late 30s when you're going to bring your show to Britain, the BBC's Full of Craft,
Ian McDonald, Glasgow University in Scotland.
Do we believe that? Thanks for all we're thinking about it.
Nice going, Ian.
Tally Ho.
I watch out for that spotted dick.
It'll kill you every time.
So anyway, here we have this real-day Lima Han.
On one hand, we've got just about everybody in her brother's.
Okay, we think it's a good idea for the guy who has sex with their female teachers
because it's a real sexist world anyway.
And if the girls do it, the fathers of those girls are going to go out there and throw the teachers away.
That's bad.
Yeah, that'd be bad.
It's just like I tell all you kids out there, blowing somebody away,
that's okay in America, getting blown, that's real or bad.
That's evil.
A lot of blowing go out in this country.
It's just all depends on who's getting it, including any oral office.
Oh, by the way, I wanted to say congratulations to my close personal friend Barry Jackass.
Somebody must be getting the berry over there, berry at the Aherald.
First that big puff piece on Mad Dog Mandage,
who was just a shock landing shot.
Oh my God!
Yeah, a couple of weeks ago.
And now we got this puff piece on our good buddy Mark Vandermayr,
who was brought in here to do her cool and sports.
So we met a couple of weeks ago, he was a great guy.
And I'm sure he's going to do a spectacular job.
Nice going, Mark.
The only problem Mark's got is he's settled with, you know,
who's doing the color on those games?
Cheers to khaki!
Yeah, color.
I was just sitting next to him in the Magic Room by the way.
Next to who?
Mark.
Oh, Mark.
Mark Vandermayr, were sitting next to him in the turret?
It was in stereo.
On the throne.
Plop.
And how did they smell?
Kind of, I got there first so I could only smell my...
Kind of in the wing of me.
I guess that's where he's from.
Oh yeah, it's got that in there.
That's Chowda Flava.
But at any rate, welcome aboard, Mark.
He's a good guy.
We wish him all the luck in the world.
He's going to be a big improvement over that.
And before even though Dave Lamont's a good guy and a friend of mine,
that's screaming yelling, carrying on.
And stabbing son of a back just didn't contribute to getting you a job in perpetuity there with the Hurkones.
So see, we do have a good guy aboard here.
Even though like I started to say before you said,
rudely interrupted me with your foul obsession here.
He's settled with the fact that color will be done by...
Cheers to khaki!
That was really like saying that our social director Charles Manson
shows the gacky doing color.
How can someone as colorless as dull, as lackluster,
as swivel mouth, possibly be considered a color man on any broadcast?
So anyways, a second teen claims sex with teacher and Broward,
a 19-year-old boy told Hollywood detectives yesterday.
He had sex with that Broward Public School teacher three years ago,
making him the second student to accuse the teacher.
Beth Friedman aged 40, who's got that impressive resume I told you about a few minutes ago.
And on and on it goes, in the attorney's say there was no sex, no drugs, no nothing.
Now the part that I find very disturbing...
Well, I mean several parts were very disturbing.
This was at the Emerald Oaks neighborhood west of Topikigni, a young-dee park,
usually called T-Y Park, because who I can say Topikigni, young-dee anyway,
and what that does that mean, T-Y Park.
I saw all these guys working on a car in her driveway,
said Ivan Kocini, vice president of the Emerald Oaks Condo Association.
I had to talk to her then, and when the music was being played too loud.
The Condo Association also reprimanded Friedman, a Broward School teacher for nine years,
about having a family, the mother, her 14-year-old son, and the younger son,
sharing her townhouse.
It was that 14-year-old Friedman's accused of having an affair with.
The family and Friedman moved out shortly after.
Investigators say they think Friedman regularly had sex with the boy,
while he and his mother and brother live with the teacher for nine months, the boy is now 16.
Okay, the boy is now 16.
So obviously, you know, people are wondering now that he's 16,
you think that...
How young is too young, right?
The boy's parent, I hear you coming to the good part.
The boy's parents went to police in mid-June with their complaint,
and the Varo interviewed the boy and began investigating.
The boy's mother said Friedman was a lot of grief from Nova Southeastern,
threatened to sue if they brought charges against her.
Vets and educated lawyer of the boy's mother said,
she told me no one would believe me and I would go to jail.
I really can't hate her though, the mother said,
I feel hurt because she hurt my child and betrayed me.
She was supposed to be my friend.
A acquaintances and colleagues describe Friedman as an overachiever
and a somewhat unorthodox teacher who let her students have fun and flaut the rules.
Flut, not flute, flut.
So there you go, on the one hand, this is kind of an ambivalent,
it's a really murky thing here for a lot of people out there.
Every male in the audience, every male in the South Float,
every male all over the world, evidently from that fact from Glasgow,
they're hot to try to have sex with an older woman.
They want to do their Mrs. Robinson thing.
They think that's fine, it's great, no harm, no foul, older,
but nevertheless, the drugs, that's where the problem,
that's where the Chiguranoid pile comes in,
the drugs and all of these other things, alleged, of course,
alleged, keep underlining alleged.
She deserves her day in court like I said.
And then of course, if convicted, I say 120 years would be,
maybe sufficient, maybe a little more.
Do you air in shit like this?
Hey, do you want to run faster, jump higher and make the blind see again?
Why?
Do you want to move like the wind, show like an eagle,
and raise people from that dead?
Huh?
Yeah, there's only one few little things.
Oh, no, air, Jesus.
Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, just put up a pair of them.
What they'll do for your game is a miracle.
Fuck, oh, what a big goal.
Last one, the boss is taking it out.
What are you doing with air feats and feats?
Yeah, what?
Why?
And just put on the button, man.
Jesus.
What a horrible thing.
Why, no.
I'm gonna be talking to you with a box.
Where's Jesus?
The fear of Jesus lies in the soul.
The patent of Cushion James is filled with avion.
Carefully laid into the scene so every part of your body is always walking on water.
Sorry.
Now responsible for any water chamber that turns to white.
And it comes in.
What for the other air, Jesus, cross trainers, air, Jesus.
Now make you feel like you're full of your game.
1044-560-WQAM.
Thanks for the effects on Stevia, by the way.
Somebody faxed me this to your sweetener, which of course is used in South America
and in Japan and all over Europe and is safe.
And not dangerous like Aspertame and saccharine and stuff like that.
And it doesn't cause cancer and laboratory animals or anybody else.
But nevertheless, the FDA got a lot of complaints about it from the companies that manufacture
the poisonous stuff.
And so as a result, all you can do is buy Stevia as a natural herbal supplement in health food stores,
but not like in your supermarket.
Because if it's good for you, if it's safe and it's a competition, all that commercial crap,
the FDA is there to protect not your interest, but the commercial interest.
That's what America is all about.
Just keep that in mind, okay?
Next time I tell you what's good for you and what's not.
And how they're trying to protect you by making like weed illegal and things like that.
Anybody believe them?
No.
No.
Just another way to make for you know, to justify a lot of jobs out there that DEA baby.
Can you imagine what would happen?
All those people would be unemployed.
Some of those guys could even be flipping hamburgers at McDonald's.
Here's Cape Coral.
Hello.
These are some day I'm going to take a hammer to these buttons I really am.
Because I know I'm Yanke.
Cape Coral. Hello.
Yeah, new.
Yes sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
An honor to speak with you.
Yes it is.
Long time listener.
All right.
First time I've had a chance to talk to you.
Where do I go?
Be patient with me, help me purge.
As far as this goes anyway.
Let's see what I call for.
Oh my god, I'm growing a blanket.
Oh.
Well the first story I have for you.
I had a math teacher back in high school that I probably could have gotten but I was too shy to deal with at the time.
Oh that's what I was.
My original question.
You're actually doing the game tomorrow huh?
Yeah.
What time is that?
11 o'clock.
I'll be tuning in just for that.
I don't even care about the game.
Okay.
Sweet.
Can I get a shameless request and I do Shbag?
Go ahead.
Marty takes a dump from my three year old daughter and Jason you're a pool tile lane douchebag.
Okay thanks for the good material.
Thank you.
Okay.
56670560.
I feel compelled I'm only going to be here with no enjoy just going to be on the tool.
I got a kick that playing the San Diego.
56670560.
56670560.
I'm mobile one line.
Here's West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Neil God speaking.
How are you?
Okay.
August 20th.
Today's my birthday.
Really?
It is.
I need a birthday song.
A birthday song?
How about that?
That's all we got.
That's perfect.
Okay.
And today's the edition of the Palm Beach Post are the 100 best and worst songs of the
century.
Really?
What do you think the best number one best song of the century is?
Yummy yummy yummy by the 1910 fruit gum company.
Sugar sugar by the arches.
How about I think I love you my country family.
I'm so lonesome I could cry.
My Hank Williams.
I could cry just hearing you tell me that.
Oh my god.
Now the number one.
I don't want to hear it George.
George is running.
He must have it some.
I don't want to hear it.
Now the number one worst song of the century.
I'd rather hear Hank Goldberg sing it than Hank Williams.
Yeah.
The worst.
Having my baby by Paul Anca.
That's one of the worst songs?
According to this list.
That's a bad song but it's not one of the all-time worst.
Well number two is it can break your heart.
Yeah.
I would go along with that.
Anyway.
Now how come we don't have that?
I didn't see that in any of our papers.
This is in the TGIF Friday section of the Palm Beach Post.
Hmm.
Maybe somebody will fax it to us.
It's kind of large.
Otherwise I wouldn't go to a fax machine.
Yeah.
But anyway.
Keep up the good work.
Love you.
Thanks.
Okay.
Hank Williams, Jr.
Oh man.
Man.
See that?
These kinds of things are great because they stimulate a lot of conversation and argument.
And there's no point to it.
It's all subjective.
How about the 5,000 best songs and the 50,000 worst songs of all time?
That'll kill some good time.
Lots of open lines here.
We only got an hour.
11 minutes to go for your very, very desperately needed comments on these important social issues
confronting us here in these turbulent times.
5,670, 560.
Pound 560 on a mobile one line.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, Dan.
Hello.
Hi.
This is Marcy Culling from the Hilton.
We're a bunch of nurses over here that were bored and we want to hear the Red Cockbeer song.
Yeah.
Will you put it on?
I'll think about it.
Please.
Okay.
Thank you.
See you.
See they have nothing to say today.
They're going to do requested.
Is that what this is?
No.
Just all requests Friday?
No.
No.
No.
It's not.
I've just spent 45 minutes here puking my guts out, pouring my heart out.
Putting my brains on a plate and just stirring them here right now right in front of the audience.
And now, can we hear you?
Can we do the timing as a douchebag?
See this is the reason that your kid's nobody cares about your kid.
Every time I go out and do an appearance, you know, the people who listen to this program contrary to some popular opinion out there.
Most of them are like young married couples, middle aged married couples with teenagers with little kids.
And they see them all the time.
I'm in public here today.
Well, mother comes in with her little son.
I'd say about eight or nine years old.
How you doing, Neil?
Not her or the kid.
But for some strange reason, mom's the word on this baby.
They don't care about these things.
These are nothing.
And let me say it to you again.
Okay.
Just remember when I'm the one at 20 here.
I've been telling you this for the last few months.
Can Jenny is going to make all of his predecessors, including Nick Navarro and Bob Butterworth and Ed Stack.
He's going to make all of them look like good Samaritans before he gets done.
This man wants the outrudy, Rudy Giuliani.
He wants to be the moral leader of Broward County.
He wants to close down every strip joint, every sex club.
Every adult joint, every bookstore, everything.
Pretty soon we'll have the guy at the Embedroom Police.
There'll be SWAT teams breaking into your bedroom to a clock in the morning to see what position you're in and who's being out of your night and check an ID in the marriage licenses and crap like that.
Because this man is a maniac, a card carrying full-fledged, Nazi bastard, Ken Jenny.
And I don't give a crap what his political affiliation is.
You know something?
If it looks like an asshole and smells like one, it's an asshole.
There is no doubt.
He's an asshole.
Like I just said, that's Ken Jenny.
Just the last thing we needed in Broward County, and just like I said yesterday, every time you think I make a little progress and his backwoods got forsaken country, you start moving back in a stone and you get a fascist like this in office where the hell did he come from?
Lunatic.
Here's Miami. Hello?
Neil.
Yes sir.
How are you doing?
Great.
You're probably not going to believe this, but my girlfriend for about the last year was roommates with this teacher about eight years ago.
I drove for LeaVex.
Yeah.
And there's a lot of difference between that the media is not putting it on this.
Yeah.
And you know, of course it wouldn't help building the case of a teacher who's also a lawyer who they want to portray the be a sexual predator and all this.
Once she actually met this kid, the kid was homeless.
The family wasn't taking care of him.
She was the one that helped him find his mother.
The whole family story sounds very very bizarre to me.
It sounds like a trailer trash kind of story to me.
By the way, I'm sure that my girlfriend doesn't know all the details because she's someone that doesn't do all the questioning.
She does know the information.
But assuming that these other allegations are true, what is what you have to, what is what you're telling me have to do with somebody providing drugs and doing all of the assuming they're true?
No, no, the drugs, the drugs she, she never did drugs.
Okay, she was always a depressed person, but she never did drugs.
I'm not saying that there were or there weren't drugs in the relationship, but I'm sure if there were and if there was a relationship,
they weren't being brought into the relationship by her.
She helped them out financially.
She found the mother.
The mother came and lived with them.
They had an arrangement.
They lived together for a while.
They were in a sexual arrangement, by the way.
But the mother didn't want to be in the sexual arrangement?
No, the arrangement that she had.
Were you sleeping in the house?
No, but my girlfriend recently spoke with her.
Yeah.
And it was an sexual arrangement.
It was something that the mother had to pay financially and she didn't keep their end of the bargain.
So when she kicked them out, now is then all these allegations are coming and surfacing.
When she kicked them out, how come the condo board in that place is that they're the ones that forced her to kick them out?
Because having them live with them, they had music there, they didn't agree.
The condo associations don't allow you to bring just anybody that you want.
But you just said she kicked them out because they weren't paying their end of the bargain.
That's what...
In other words, there's more than meets the eye here.
That's what I said when I started to come.
That's a very convoluted story, right?
Absolutely.
More than I know and more than you know.
But the media is not paying the whole background of everything that is going on.
They already plastered a picture on the front page.
Absolutely.
It's an arrow on the...
So the assumption is that...
And they put her house into her mother's house because they obviously looked like they're well-off families.
And they want to portray her as a sexual predator.
And I'm really not even saying that there was...
What about the 19-year-old kid that just came forward and said that he had sex with him three years ago?
That I really don't know about.
Okay.
So there's more than meets the eye.
Okay, I agree with that.
You take it easy.
Thanks.
Okay, so there you go.
You can examine all of this and digest it and chew it up and spit it out.
I would hope.
Especially the...
Here's a Lydian plantation.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi.
I'm Jennifer McMahon and my uncle Steve told me that you're in love with the backseat boys.
Yeah.
I am so in love with them too.
And I just had to call you and say that my room is like wall-to-wall in my ceiling of posters with them.
Right.
And we're going to the concert.
We're going to the concert.
All right.
I'll be there, sweetheart.
You are?
What show are you going to?
What show?
September 15th at the Matt Breena.
We get the first of the 14th.
What?
There's a...
There's a...
They have a second show which they made for September 14th and that's the first show.
September 14th?
Yeah.
How...
How...
Where did you hear that?
Well, we got tickets.
We waited...
Like, six hours in line for these tickets.
How come nobody else has heard about this?
I thought the first show on the whole U.S. tour was September 15th, wouldn't it?
Yeah, it was supposed to be the original first show.
Right.
But when they sold out of the first show, they had the second show and they made it for the 14th.
All right.
So we got the second show.
How about...
That's what I got.
I mean, the first show.
Oh, I got the second one, so we'll even it out.
And there you go.
Okay.
We got good seats, too.
Did you get good seats?
Right in the front row.
Oh!
We should have been with you, Neil.
That's right.
Well, I'll give Nick a big kiss for you.
Yeah, there you go.
And Brian.
All right, and bye-bye.
Okay, see you.
N.A.J. and Howie.
Okay, there you go.
Now, that was a lot better than that bitch I called the other day.
I mean, there was another team there.
Huh?
Now, don't try to make it into something that it is a little rude to anything.
Okay, I haven't required about half an hour to go listening to you.
Yeah.
First of all, Nick Carter has more talent than his right toes than you will ever have.
And he's not a pineapple.
He has used stupid fact-baggots.
Thank you.
She's still pissed off, you know what I'm saying?
She's still a homophicotic.
Hey, listen, I hate to break the news to you, sweetheart, but Nick and I are pretty tight.
You know, I don't want to get too graphic.
Oh!
Do you or your family suffer from things?
The makers of Xyfan want you to know about a miracle drug that helps you deal with the symptoms of various things.
Xyfan, winner of the Department of Health's prestigious longest list of side effects award for two years running.
Xyfan, talk to your doctor today.
Some swelling the brain, victims enlargement of various glands and ducts,
and more ways, why two gay history attentions and plagues of locus have been associated with the use of side effects.
Other possible side effects we feel fine is this in this loss of weight, loss of color, loss of key strength into the hair.
Aversion to swing music, zombies and night sweats, talking like blood, or even if you're organ six floating head and the gout.
Some patients have reported alert vision for only talking and struggling, saying the phrase,
good to go, knock knees, broken bones, multi-ibromic, a high cholesterol low steam, wet packing, cloth strife, soft, doughing, midsection, cloth watching and reclamingism.
A more significant number of side fans, users, are reporting occasional thoughts of chest pain.
When loss of news, cows, your canting, greasy forehead, twisting of the truth, spinal straight, and towing the line, headaches, muscle aches,
clawed aches, and is in gas, cuessing, incessant staring, and working.
Get your complete list of side effects on our website at www.sidefanside effects.
Are you kidding me?
Any question mark dot word?
Side fan.
Keep away from cats, dogs, snakes, children, the young at heart and goats.
Side fan.
Medicine for today's.
Thanks.
Thanks.
It's 11.02 at 560 WQM.
So do I.
Here's the list the best and the worst songs of all time.
Number one best song?
It doesn't matter if it's on the right, it needs you.
Oh!
It needs you.
It needs you.
It needs you.
It needs you.
It needs you.
It needs you.
It needs you.
It needs you.
It needs you.
It needs you.
It needs you.
It needs you.
It needs you.
It needs you.
It needs you.
You've done well with those in batter, in his mouth on the right.
Oh, I know it's been there.
Yeah.
there.
Oh, right.
When you see this list, when you read this list, you're going to wonder what kind of lunatic.
You know, every time one of these lists comes out, I think it's just to pitch off the public.
Now, who made this list up?
This is a critic has decided to go out on the limb and picked 100 best and worst recordings
of our century.
Let the arguments begin.
Who's the critic?
Who is the person?
Who is the critic?
God damn it.
I've been reading this thing and reading this thing.
They fact that it's me and it doesn't say that I'm critic.
Do we know who the critic is?
Oh, so what's the point?
Number one best song of all time.
I'm so long since I could cry by Hank Williams.
Number two.
Oh, you know something.
This list makes me so psychotic.
Thank God it's only a department's post.
This has got to be a comedy list, okay?
Number two, Highway Patrolman by Bruce Springsteen.
Number three, Will You Love Me Tomorrow by Carol King?
Not by the she-rel's by Carol King, okay?
I don't even remember Carol King.
Recording Will You Love Me Tomorrow?
Proud Mary by Ike Tina Turner.
Not by Creedon's Clearwater but by Ike Tina Turner.
Whole lot of Rosie by ACDC to serve with love by Lulu, people who died by Jim Carroll.
Here's a clown by Smokey Robinson, summer wind by Frank Sinatra.
And it gets worse from there.
It gets worse from there.
Oh my God.
And they put this in a paper?
The best list of all time?
Whole lot of Rosie?
And the worst songs of all time, having my baby by ball, which I didn't despise that song, but nevertheless,
Aki Breakey Heart by Billy Ray Cyrus, which I would certainly go along with anything that he,
anything that had to do with Billy Ray Cyrus would make me puke.
Penny Lane by The Beatles is the third worst record of all the, what the hell was wrong with Penny Lane, huh?
It tastes like a penny to me.
I am woman by Helen Reddy.
Now you're starting to heat up a little bit, okay?
You're getting close.
Seedons in the sun by Terry Jack.
Now the worst list is starting to take shape.
Oh, people are strange by the doors.
You know what I got to say to this list?
God.
And here's the second page.
Here's the rest of them, man.
Well, I'm going to save this for Monday.
This just makes this just frost my fat pimpley old ass.
God, dammit.
And for some, now I can't, I now I can see why it doesn't say who to help put this together.
It's this, is this critic not send us your thoughts of the best and worst degree or disagree, et cetera,
and so on.
It's got an email address.
Oh, I see by Michael Corquan, whoever that is, we're supposed to know who that is.
Palm Beach Post Cox News Service.
See it's from the Cox people.
And if you ever lived into the coast, you'll understand when you hear all those glory as Stefan,
and Michael Bolton records, I'll grab your faces over there at the coast.
Man.
There are songs on here on his bench list.
I never heard of before.
And something that I would hope never to hear again, people are strange by the doors is the sixth worst record of all time.
That should be in the top 25 best.
God, I'm getting emotional about this.
Rico Suave by Gerardo on the worst list.
Bad to the bone by George Thorgood is one of the all time worst records.
No, sorry.
No.
Here's a mobile and four-letter.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
There was a wonderful show last night on the World History Channel on the Eastern cultures back in the 16th,
and the 15th century, the Aina, Japan, and India.
And there are wonderful harmony with sexuality and the earth and life and whatnot.
Being explicit, it was excellent.
Well, in order to make those two billion people, they must have had a lot of harmony.
But there is also, I want to mention, I know the Jenny, you're hung like a mouse, but anyway, yes.
I know the Jenny's.
And the Mrs. Jenny is a very sweet, lovely, attractive, sexy woman who's developing a roe vie,
roe vie because of her husband's extreme prudishness.
And it's a shame because I'm sure that he's pretty much at home the way he is in the rest of the world.
He's a lunatic.
He is.
He is.
He's a sexual paranoid.
In this country, we get loose at some point.
It would really be nice.
This man wants to be the dictator of the state of Florida, not just South Florida.
This man envisions himself as the morality dictator of the entire state.
It's incredible.
You talk a lot about the churches and everything else.
This country is just so sick and so far behind.
Actually, it's absolutely amazing.
And the Europeans just, why do you think I go to Europe 400 times a year?
The people of an area to laugh at us.
They say you people are in the Stone Age.
Man, get with it.
I agree with you.
Say how to begin.
Tell them who are getting the 20th century.
BC.
There you go.
It's almost the end of the millennium.
They tell us even though we know better than that.
But nevertheless.
And we got a crazy man like Ken Jenny up there in Broward County running him out.
Oh, you got to close this place down.
Close that place down.
And people are touching it in there.
And people are getting turdged in there.
Just what we needed, baby, was a guy that made Nick Navarro.
We made us Jones for Nick Navarro.
Please come back, Nick.
We didn't like you too much.
But please come back.
We'll give you another chance.
Man.
Never thought I would say that.
I have my nose up near the air.
How young is too young?
Oh.
The only place you love my eyes.
Yeah!
But I know that you keep on checking up my eyes.
Hopefully you could come every year.
Check out my breath.
They're poking on my foot that I give.
If you come home for me, I'm left with things in my ears.
All right.
And it sounds so hard.
But if you wanna take me,
you know, the things about me,
I don't think you know.
Oh!
I am on my knees.
Yeah!
You should be scared of me.
Cause you could go to jail and have me with me.
If I'm free, you'll end up with me.
She was 25, but she's just a friend.
Perfectly, I've been my last, I've been free.
Daddy called the costment man.
I got the perfect to be,
because I have the trophy.
No, I'm not just a sportsman.
Sports, sports?
I'm not just a sportsman.
Welcome.
Oh!
Oh!
She's a great, she's okay.
She's a great, she's fine.
You should be scared of me.
Yeah, there's no holding stones,
but me, there's a diamond pie.
What a diamond?
She's looking right behind me.
She was just a thief.
Come on, baby.
Come play with these titties.
It's 1115 at 560 WQM.
So anyway, you know, you have to do the cop that called.
And I feel for him,
cause he sounded like a decent guy.
Maybe you never stole more than a caboose.
But at any rate,
the fact is that you're wrong, sir.
The job of people in law enforcement is not to enforce the law.
Servant protect.
I had it right, you got it wrong.
Because there are eight civilian laws,
most of them are chaotic and obsolete,
and should never have been on the books in the first place.
Most of them are there for the purpose of harassing the public.
That's not what we pay taxes to pay your salary for to be harassed.
And I'm rereading this thing in a once-through about the deputies
and the sex scandal.
Underfloor to law is a felony for someone over 24
to have sex with a person aged 16 or 17.
So in other words, if you're 25, 25-year-old guy,
have sex with a 17-year-old chick.
Or if you're a 25-year-old young woman,
and have sex with a 17-year-old guy,
you're going to jail.
It's a felony.
We're talking even consensual sex.
It's against the law in Florida.
There's another one of those great laws you think you're supposed to be enforcing.
Officer.
Servant protect.
Not harassed.
Servant protect.
Period.
Got it?
You got it?
No.
Nightingale.
Here's a mobile and sunrise.
Hello?
Mobile and sunrise.
Oh, hello.
Yes.
Oh, boy.
Hello.
Yes.
Do you guys see me now?
Speaking, sir.
Oh, I hear you talking about...
I hear you talking about, um,
two and seven sex with their teachers.
Huh?
Well, I'm up 40 years old now,
but when I was a kid, I had sex with my teachers when I was in high school.
Yeah.
I mean, just so back then,
when it was, you know, wasn't it a law?
Yeah.
Okay.
What was his name?
A Bruce?
Wow.
Right there, all your kids out there.
If you heard that call, that's a good idea.
Stay away from your teachers as far as possible.
Okay?
No matter how attractive,
how appealing, how hot they may look.
Stay away because otherwise you're wind up like that.
You'll be going around town all over town going...
Yeah.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Serve and protect.
We're paying the salary, baby.
Not to be harassed.
Not to have your stickier nose in our crotch,
in our bedroom,
any other private place where consensual people are doing whatever.
Not to make up conjure up all kinds of crap.
Not to sit behind the old oak tree out there
in a quarter of a hiatus and theft,
or whatever you're doing.
That's not, that's not serving and protecting.
That's harassing.
And then we got the word police.
We got the idea police.
We got the sex police.
Air of the kind of police in a mirror.
That's why this is a fascist police dead.
I've been telling you that for 23 years.
A police state,
masquerading as a great democracy,
which of course is not anyway.
Here's Coral Springs.
Hello?
Oh God.
Speaking.
Perth outlaw that you just mentioned.
Does that mean that if your 17-year-old guy
has sex or the 13-year-old girl?
I thought that was the right thing.
That was Dutch turret rape also.
That is.
This is another law.
This is the only law that they want to have.
Exactly.
You know, at night I listened to the overnight sports show
on Kuala Amings.
It helps me get to sleep.
A lot of people took a siesta,
by the way, between 2 and 4.
30 years ago.
And it's about 12-20 in the morning.
I hear a commercial on Kuala Amings for Play-Dose Repeat.
Now here's the question.
Going back to the beginning of the Trappies 2 case
with the teachers.
Why, and don't they have a hearing in this commercial?
That I did not play those with a crate.
Why were the police there that particular night at that particular club?
And how can these teachers, that, I know that...
And why was the media just coincidentally there
to with all the cameras to see the SWAT team show up?
Now I know what they were supposed to do with the NES by the way.
They were supposedly cops in there.
I mean, were they in there on the covers?
That way, they're like...
No.
So the bottom line is, how can they bother you?
They were cops in there, I do one there thing.
Right, exactly.
So how can they prosecute anybody for doing something that they're obviously still allowing to go on?
They know what's going on now.
They know what's going on.
You know as well as I do.
Now the one charge against the one teachers already been dropped.
And you know as well as I do, the other one also will be dropped.
The taxpayers will have to spend money, they'll have to go to court,
or maybe finally they'll come to their senses,
and the state attorney will say, okay, this is ridiculous throw it out.
And shouldn't those teachers sue the city?
Yeah, print in there and they'll be causing them all to scream.
Yeah.
It's completely insane.
Can you handle me with a situation that happened to suit market last week?
What do you do?
Handle and wear.
And this in the local supermarket.
And this is a supermarket, yeah.
What do you do if you see...
You know the weird out video, SAT.
Yeah.
Okay, I saw a woman who worked like that.
Yeah.
And not only that, the scary thing was that she was with what I assume was her little daughter and husband
because there was a guy with her with a little kid.
And they were...
They couldn't hurry enough the cashiers and some of the assistant managers couldn't be quicker
in trying to empty their baskets and get them out of the store.
Now, there weren't that many people in the store, but you don't want to stare.
What are you doing?
You say something.
Do you just look away?
I felt bad for them.
And we just want to say what?
What were you going to say?
Oh my god.
I was just trying not to stare.
Yeah.
Because we happened to be our one and the same guy.
Why do you know fat cow?
It was unbelievable.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was.
I see that all the time.
Hey, have a good day.
I'm back to it.
I mean, I've been fighting the fat all my life and I'm sure that if I saw pictures of what I've
looked like back in 1973 when I was working in Sarasota and we were 266 pounds, I would go,
wow.
What a cow.
I mean, I look at a mirror in the morning and say what a cow.
But I'm skinny compared to some of the people I see.
I'm talking about people who have legs like redwood trees, like tree trunks.
It's an illness, baby.
It's a disease.
Fat.
It's a big epidemic illness we have in America.
And the meantime, all we do is have a bunch of people trying to shovel more food that we don't want down our throat.
Incessantly, constantly.
In fact, I've discovered that with some people, unless you're willing to go to dinner with them, at least two or three times a week,
and preferably you buy, that you don't hear from them at all.
Which is okay, but nevertheless, when do the meals stop?
You know what I'm saying?
When does that finally stop?
And the problem being that in this country, nobody can socialize unless they're eating.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
So let's talk aboutNext.
Have children?
Suppose we afraid a lot, but most of them are quite harmful to someone
That is not family.
Yeah, most of us are holy rating Hollywood stars.
We look at all different otters, they sometimes are immediately concerned about helping
theinha cappuccino trail.
And then you go to the restroom, and then you suddenly see a cat and you get back and you get saved.
handicap spot right
how about having a parking for non-handicap special spotter that's right but
she couldn't just go on the shop and ask them why they didn't have a handicap spot
yeah
you have to go to her friend who was a lawyer and of course that rule
is that
whatever but don't rip the crib now come on let's uh... leave her
the people are file off you don't get the money but the lawyer gets to be
in reimbursed there you go that's uh... have a great day whatever you just
i wouldn't pay any attention to the list
was boring five six and a year ago guy pal that that part was term listed
my job is this five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eight
t-line i'm looking at this list of getting angry and angry here's the uh... thirty
first uh... best on right behind sukiyako by q sockumoto
is i say a little prayer by you read through franklin which i love that so
but that's behind us
sukiyaki
the messages number twenty nine by grandmaster flash you know whoever talk
about doing too much acid all your kids out there here's a good lesson for
you don't ever even think about put one of those sugar cubes in your soda okay
because right here is uh... classic example what happens when you do too much
acid
smells like teen spirit by nirvana's number eighteen
smells like a penny to me
no that that's your your your agreeing that the eighteen percent of the
things that's a good song but i don't know if i don't know if i can't talk
songs of all time
ahead of i say a little prayer by your reed for franklin
yeah no and don't let your son go down on me by elton john no
number thirty five all the way down there never say goodbye by the
the
this was the so anxious i love that word it's just anxious
nauseating
and also among the worst records of all time by the way
uh... spitting we have a blood sweat and tears i mean i think that was in the
great record but certainly was a lot of time worth
uh... cocoma by the beach boys
it was a bad record you don't put the beach boys in the in the hundred worst
records of all time you just don't do that
ryan will go back to bed with a steady birth you don't cut it out
and
start hanging out with the jen burry
maybe you start looking like jen burry
we are the world by u.s.a. for africa and i had a sea on one hand that's
one of the worst it's got thirty seven th worst let me just say this to you
uh... the the whole idea behind it was the well growing this in grotesque and
a lot of us got sucked into it but the song itself the song was great if it
would have no significance it was good
because they all had the headsets on and then after that song came up
everybody had to have the head they were all holding the heads as we are the
way and shaking her head back and forth like steve wonder yeah even if they
could see in here they're still shaking it in their head to
just don't shake it too hard because it's against the law and broward
we are the world
that's right some money and of course by the time the money gets there all
those kids will start to that already but just in case the next generation
starts starving that will get some money for
that was really special
i can't say i was born i and zed will night to that time we got sucked in raised
about ten grand for that
i'm sure we're sure to enjoy that ten grand
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen tealine the
George Rodriguez show noon the two today
then we got you manage from uh... sanny eight
as we get ready to do that game tomorrow night here on the qa m
we
and of course what we got after that by the way five o'clock we got uh...
all the g me johnson show how you're ready for that
well hey we can be special special and we could be really special
you know something that man i really do believe he needs help i'm i could be
wrong about that i've never met him but i just just bought everything i read
and i hear and i see
i think he needs serious assistance
whoo frosting ads
it is the worst song of all time number one
not a country
i'm in to be a little
rock boosters our craft
i love
i pull this mickle
i roll
i put on the heater
hold it
and i wear a funny hat
the sound of a rock
do the hand
and then i'm the flare up
it's a sound you want
okay
it's my favorite
that's the thing i love
it's beautiful
how young is two young
here's your fear dine up
sing it on i think polka
you get a roll
pop through the gist of the trauma
polka
here
sing it on i think it's polka
oh
sing it on i think it's polka
oh
sing it on a polka
here polka
then go
pop pop
here i love this polka
dance with go grandma
during a lovely polka
this is the best
polka
here's the trick of my new polka
each time
there's a
little bit too hot polka
listen to the two of polka
no
stop
stop
stop
get him a passport
okay perfectly your aim is
get him out of here soon
get her away from us
it's 11.32 at 5.60 WQM
that one just irritates me
every time i see it
every time i hear it
it's just
oh she just drives me up the wall
5.60
on the 18t wireless line
here's the mobile and cross-bring
hello
how are you my friend
great
the reason i'm calling you is
yesterday
about what he'll read
in new york
if she was going for governor
i wouldn't give a rat test
but one of the hundred votes
we don't
who do you have
you have a Ruby julie any
another repressive right-winger
so what are we talking about
you don't want to read the book
bill in hillary you want to learn
i don't want to read about bill or hillary
you read that hairy carry book
yes i did
there's actually a little back-handed to you
the comment
it was self-serving
it was very self-serving
how many pages you want to read about him falling
right exactly
you know let's read that
all right i got one quick
quick report interesting
you know on your way home on arison
they're pulling people over
arison parkway right by the sawgrass industrial park
thanks for the good news
all right have a good one
see you on my way home
okay 5.6705.560 on the 18t wireless line
let's try my any hello
honey yes sir
hey what's going on is a american
colombian speak here
i'm just going to say hello
happy to say i am leaving my amian at the end of the month
oh yeah
oh
they might work alike
at any time i just called it to say
you know i'm going to miss you
i'm not going to miss anything about my amian
that's what everybody says
as soon as they leave here they always call it and say you know
the only thing we miss was you the rest of it
we can do without
i'll call you i got a double the department of justice
so i'm heading on out but i'll give you a call
long distance i know you'll have the 1800 number
oh yeah bye bye bye no question about
we'll take out a collection this weekend is better
fact hey listen now i want to let you know how much of an impact you've had on me
and i'm sure a lot of your listeners have been listening to you from the college days
even when you had that big wave problem way back when
and you have some down quite a bit which is good
yeah recommendable
but i'm not smell
well compared to how you used to be
i was writing an aol
personal photo personal ad last night
and they're asking you know what you like to do and what have you
i actually
subconsciously without even thinking about it
one of the things was listening to the new rod you show
five sixty yada yada yada
yeah stop provoking where you know you'll crack up
i'm thinking i can't believe
that without even
you know that even think about it without really giving much
conscience that i put you on there
you just spread it out yeah
and they said what kind of religion
i said do no harm to the best religion around
no the best word around
and uh...
if it's happened to me i'm sure that a lot of people
like myself are walking around influence
i mean greatly by you
no question about it i am
i am you are one of the great minds of my friend
i don't know how long how much longer uh...
you're gonna laugh like that
look at my website you'll see it's counting the days in a minute
and you'll see
i'm not that i'm anxious to leave but just like you i'll be out
yes no and uh... or there my amie's gonna
once you leave it's gonna be it's gonna be barren
i mean George probably will take over
he's uh... great commendable but
man you're the king he's just gonna turn the whole time into a big
Cuban restaurant with horse meat and beans
yeah it looks a good luck pal all right
and bring out some arapos next time
five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
there's a good guy who's moving on
where he don't want to go back to Columbia
does he? no
because one thing i hear about Columbia when you go there a lot of times
you just don't come back
they were saying yesterday on the news that the kidnapped capital of the world
even worse than mexico i think like that
what is it about his spanics that you people always like kidnapped and tourists
you know what is that something to it's boring
yeah see i would say the Cubans like to do that but there are no tourists
basically in Cuba so Canadian
well who the hell wants a kidnapped them they're cheap
twenty four before news at five sixty
wqa and five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
and by the way the Canadian press is roasting
john krichin and all his predecessors for their uh...
sucking up to fiddle routine
starting to question the wisdom because
fiddle basically told them to stick it in their
rectum every time they turn around and he gives them the green apple christad bright in their face
but nevertheless that's a different topic that'll leave keer or capable professionally cuban hands
they play like men and they look like women
listen to me this is stand by and steam for sulfaking and understand
where everything is held to the high sulfaking standards
the selection isn't just huge it's sulfaking huge
believe me you'll never shop anywhere else
and sulfaking prices aren't just low
they're so fucking low you'll never find them anywhere else
listen to me when i say sulfaking as a beautiful store
i mean sulfaking beautiful
when i say the staff is helpful i mean
sulfaking helpful listen to me get to know the sulfaking and enjoy a selection that's
so fucking huge a staff that's so fucking
courteous and prices that are so fucking low
you'll never shop anywhere else
but don't take it from me
take it from satisfied just to my frank and stein
so fucking good
you're so fucking good
so fucking good
okay this is interesting polka brine census
if he how come he don't have nothing to do is anybody
no
we're songs of all time good by cruel world by james darin
that's a good one
rock it in the jungle by the eternal with nobody ever heard of
string along by the wheels ditto
how do you do by mouth and mcneal ditto
well what are these songs that nobody ever heard of
polka you idiot
can't smile without you admit very manlo
was that the name of that song
can't smile that was
anything by very manlo
kwondo kwondo kwondo by nika
by anglbert humperdinky
yeah and a bunch of other songs that none of us ever heard of
thank you so much polka brine for contributing very very little
to our closing moments here today
five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
here's a mobile and sunrise hello
you know very manlo and joe montana
the same person
looks at looks to me the same yeah never sung together
am i the tenth caller
yeah you're the tenth caller you win a date with very manlo
or greek martin whichever one you prefer
five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the AT&T line
i only got 17 minutes to kill here
actually more like about eleven or twelve to be honest with you
but i don't think i'm going to make it
do you think so? no
because we're getting ready for the big changeover
because George is going to come on and talk professional
Cuban stuff today
here's hi alia hello
hey alia how are you doing? okay sir
hey dude were you aware that
nbc is about to pay three hundred million
for a thirty two percent stake
and tax and communication? no no
yeah i just found out i was out of the car
somebody called this morning and that's what i told him was going to happen
they're going to wind up dumping either a big chunk
or all of the whole thing and wind up coming the smelling like a rose again
yeah because i was i was at the fcc
yeah because i was looking at that
and then i was thinking well gee
you were always talking about how these
radio stations and these companies are always being bought out
and the whole bit
it's like paying monopoly
that's what the fcc has reduced the whole broadcasting industry into radio and
television
you can own eighty five stations in the same market
and whoever's got a bunch of properties
come along and do not pass go
and the summit boardwalk in park place
it's a joke and the public gets screwed
every time this goes on the public gets screwed worse and worse
you mean just like the j-cord deal?
right exactly
all right take a look at the state of radio in this time as bad as it was before
take a look at what they've done now
right exactly i hear you
whatever good stations that used to be on the fn band in this time long gone
and getting worse by the minute
well all right then take your deal
i have a great day
yeah bloody butt once again steps into a big bucket of
you know what
five six seven oh five sixty
it's getting pretty grim here boys and girls i'll tell you that
a couple of calls on the board i'll read this article again by what's his name
that's in a waist-past or Robert Steinbeck
nice going there Robert
probably nobody else in town read it so thank god i read it on the air
says it exactly the way it is
Ken Jenny and the morality police and
Robert unacceptable all new young people out there just remember
guns good sex bad
and you young guys you get some hot chick knocked up don't worry
but it just is it's the age old excuse
i didn't know my
court court gun was loaded that's all
because in america guns are good sex is bad
it's evil violence is great
but sex is very very bad
here's Miami hello
Neil yes sir
hey Rochesterian Corvette owner
longtime listener and i love dining Bob
all right great listen to you i need a shameless request i'm going over to
four mires today and being up with a neighbor of mine from Rochester
and if you could play the bill for garif for me i sure appreciate it
that was your kill some good time you know
sure appreciate it Neil okay thanks and have a great day so i bless you
okay look at this i just screwed up this thing here too that would have been
bad to leave you with this oh jeez look at that George
that would be bad believe here and have the thing all screwed up
that would be a sinister evil thing
what you're course
come from me
build the cars in monica
such a kind of
all right
you let's out of giggle
when he makes it we go
monica is not the kind you can do in the behind
no
but a cigar and herb a dine a she don't mind
oh
well he don't know where a stoke he goes
i can see how there was some confusion
between humor door and unit horn
and then i can saw the turn cedar box
means saw her negate
stars report to lead to go with lines
now listen he was working hard
late night in the overy office
working on a practical joke
he took my canudo
put an explode in
load it
monica was blowing rings a smoke
build the cars in monica
the china
she let's out of giggle
every time he makes it we go
monica is not the kind you can do in the behind
go
all right
with Bill Moseball.
Bill's a gardener,
a cos vagina.
She left out of Gagel.
Every friggin' time he makes a wiggle,
Monica is not the kind.
You can do it, but I'll be fine.
But us, a car and her vagina,
she told mine.
What can be a city?
Yes, a towner is faster.
Oh, yeah, a towner.
What you gotta do is take a tidbit,
but we'll roll.
And put it in a brown.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh, now, I'm gonna go up.
Oh, yeah.
Thank you so much, Her.
That killed some excellent time.
It's 1148-560.
WQIam, here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
When did you get the...
Okay, sir.
All right, first time long time.
All right.
I'm just wondering,
if we could do, you know,
do the same thing with these teachers
that are having sex with kids is what the priest
do with, you know, the church does with the...
Yeah, we're in a time another district, yeah.
Right, right.
Or put a, you know,
send it to the rehab center
that is out near his zone or somewhere.
Maybe, you know, it seems to help them out a lot.
Right, we're the altar boys are in training.
Right, right.
And I have a shameless request,
and I'm in the car with my wife,
and she's always wondering why I tell her
to put the lotion in the basket.
Yeah.
So I was wondering if we could hear that.
Okay, have a great day.
Yeah, we can hear, you know, like a little tiny like...
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Like that.
566-705-60, pound 560.
But I tell you one thing,
I killed about the first hour
almost of the show myself,
and it's a good thing I'm leaving here early today.
That's all right.
You'll get them all whipped up with that stuff
about the Array Park Queen.
That'll get them going.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hold on.
It's about me.
Yes.
I want to have sex with a teacher.
Hey, um, that restaurant you're talking about yesterday,
is that the joint in Coral Gables?
Yes.
Paza.
How, how, how, how do I know they get food from there to you?
I don't know, but it was hot when they got it here.
They must have one of those things, you know,
like pizza delivery people do.
I've been going to that joint for a couple of months now,
and it, it damn good.
It's very good.
When I heard it, I thought it was too much of a quintin
as you talking about Jim,
because I know he's the owner.
Yeah, he's a good guy.
And I'm going to tell you the soup they brought
that red pepper biscuit,
which I guess was the soup of the day.
They don't have that everyday,
but I wish they did, because that was the,
the best soup I ever had in my life.
It's, you know, that Jim is not a bad looking guy,
and I know he's married.
But I think if you press the issue,
you know, I'm not interested.
Okay, are you interested?
I'll, I'll, I'll give you your name and phone number.
Okay, pal, not interested.
5670560, pound 56 on the AT&T wireless line.
Not interested, pal, okay?
Pervert.
Here's a mobile and bokeh.
Hello.
Mobile and bokeh.
Hi, Neil.
It's AT&B.
I love your show.
Yes, sir.
I got a quick question for you.
You're like the ultimate libertarian on all these issues,
like sex and drugs.
Well, what about gun control?
It's a very wide range of regulations on gun control.
I'm a libertarian on drugs.
What did you ever hear me say that?
I thought you were pretty much a,
hey, people should be responsible for their own act.
I never said that cocaine,
the cocaine is the worst damn thing
that ever came down to pike.
How about heroin?
You think you're people out of the,
uh, and free access to heroin?
No, but you certainly agree with it on the,
on the sexual issues.
Yeah, and I just figured that,
that from your point of view,
you're, uh,
I think again, do no harm.
Guns harm people.
People use guns.
Nobody uses automatic weapons to go out and go hunting.
Okay, nobody needs an automatic weapon
in their house to protect themselves from some intruder.
There is no reason any person in America
should have a semi-automatic weapon in their possession.
Why should 99% of the population be punished for the act of law?
Sure, let me say it again.
You're just repeating babbling mindless NRA rhetoric.
It's got nothing to do with punishing anybody.
Nobody needs to have an assault weapon to protect themselves.
Is that debatable?
I don't believe it's debatable.
Okay, thank you.
Okay, there you go.
He made a little progress.
They're not too much,
a little bit of progress, tiny little teeny steps,
and then made some of these professional,
you know, I love the way they always repeat
the same old tired crap,
and then they get the head to haunch over there
from the NRA on there,
and it's the same crap.
Oh, well, we don't believe in making new laws.
If we were just enforced the laws,
it's the same old tired crap.
And the reason they say that, of course,
is because they're terrified.
They're peeing in their pants
that there's going to be new laws.
And like I told you there,
they don't worry about it.
The public's not up in arms,
so to speak, pardon that expression.
They don't give a crap.
They get excited for a couple of days
and then it's back to the same old garbage again.
They don't care.
Because most of the people who live in America
don't go anywhere.
You know, their idea of a vacation
is to go to like a West Palm.
Yeah, Jupiter.
That's a big journey for a lot of these people.
And so they think that this is the way the real world is.
Oh, everybody all over the world.
They all got guns,
and if they get pissed off,
they blow somebody else away.
That's the real world, you know?
Soon have to worry about it.
What are you getting all up tight about?
Oh, we have to punish 99% of the people.
Yeah.
In addition to which,
how come you have to register your car?
But you go,
there's all this hysteria about registering a handgun.
What's the problem?
Oh, because if they register,
they'll come and take them all away.
Yeah, like they're come and taking all our cars away too.
I'm really worried about that.
Usually I get up two, three in the morning,
I go out into my garage
and make sure that both my corvettes are there.
Because I'm really worried
that the government will come in in the middle of the night
and steal both of my cars, take them away.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello?
Hey, Dale.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
Um, good.
I'm just wondering.
I would listen to your morning.
What rights did the cops have to come in
and rate that place to start with?
I mean, I understand the whole aftermath
of the future being in trouble.
But how's the getting in the first place?
I would say.
They must have gotten the search warrant
based on, you know,
a tip that there was something illicit,
knowing whatever was going on in there.
And they put on, they staged the dog and pony show
for the median.
They call all the median to come
with their cameras
and they staged another remedial event.
Unbelievable.
Unbelievable.
The storm, the storm,
for did you see the phythe tape?
No, I didn't.
Well, if you saw the tape and saw how many
of these SWAT team guys came in there
with their whole regalia on
and their night sticks out,
like there were a bunch of mass murderers inside,
you wouldn't know whether to laugh or cry.
You never saw anything like it in your life.
I'd like to know.
You would have thought there were a bunch
of hardened criminals inside.
That's what I'm saying.
I'd like to know which judge
issued a search warrant
with no probable cause,
no matter what.
Well, just keep in mind.
Just keep in mind it was the Broward County Sheriff.
He's the Chigurana Woodpile.
He's the one who initiated all of this.
So I'm sure he's got some crony judges
anytime he wants.
He can get a search warrant to go anywhere,
including in your house at three in the morning.
You know, I'm sure there's a small percentage of police
out there that are doing the right thing,
but it's got to be 80% of the better.
I mean, the rating section
comes allotted behind bushes
and then there wasn't one that had a bad image.
It's a pretty frustrating prostitution rings in Miami.
Have a great day, pal.
You too.
Have you heard any more about that
with a 16-year-old girl?
No.
And by the way, let me say it again,
says here under Florida Law
it's a felony for somebody over the age of 24
to have sex with a 16 or 17-year-old.
Like that 16-year-old girl down there in Kendall
that we don't hear anymore about.
How about it, Ike Siemens?
You great journalist over there.
A channel six
that some of the people on this station
continue sucking your ass.
I have no idea why it works whoever to make me
but that was for him.
nauseous.
Mr. Miami hero.
I wouldn't be surprised if his picture
winds up like I'm a master of the hero pretty soon.
Him and Tom Fieler
and the Sack together.
Ike Siemens.
What do you think they call him Siemens?
It's 1155 at 560 W.
You can't really get George coming up.
George is going to be talking about all the happenings
on Kanye Ocho.
He's going to be talking about how he likes to hang out
with a lot of nice white people.
I'm sure that Joe showed you that story by the way.
About Cubans wanting to hang out with their Latinos
like to hang out with other Cubans.
Latinos.
I think they're talking about Mexicans.
He's always the diversion there.
Always, you know, Joe had a point
when you said you were a professional Cuban.
Hi everyone Roy Foster here.
Yeah, used to be a big football star
but now we're here.
You're listening to the most straight up person I know.
George, guys.
I'm G.A. Did I hear fucking K-May?
W-Q-A-M!
My heavy boy's already down.
He didn't already play this for that, did he?
How the hell do you know?
His pretty morning and the wonder how I get
the longest hanging off my girlfriend's dead.
And it's a minus two I beat the
last few years before I'm like a nutter's dad.
Always fun to be with and I beg down to
piece my girlfriends.
Then she'll want to do it before I pee and lose it again.
I think they're done running Jeremy.
Hurry up.
You ain't gonna laugh.
I'm gonna have to go soon.
I'm gonna make it fast.
I always get so long.
I can't believe what I see.
But the four longs get gone.
And I'm back to me.
I'm still the morning when I wake up
like John Holmes is still alive and
think like superman.
Don't know the reason but it's reason
and that's good enough for something
I don't understand.
Hey, I don't have to go yet.
What's the time to this thing?
Right. Right, is that thing?
Were you for the time being anyway?
Hand me my pocket jumpers.
Hey, we're head on a night.
Nice.
So far.
12-025-60 WQ-A-M George Kills time.
So you'll get to the airport going to San Diego
going to be doing the dolphins as opposed to Toronto
when he visits his real family.
His wife and two kids because he took
the closet head or sexual.
Then all things just to get attention.
Biggie Farquholt used to say that.
And nobody remembers him except the old radio people.
Do I sound all keyed up?
Because I've been drinking those coladas which is why
I keep having to go take a crap every five minutes
and I really need to go right now.
I should have taken that last 10 minutes.
Although as we discussed,
we don't know if it's going to take 10 minutes.
That's why we all envy the old man over here.
Joe, I'm glad you were witness to it.
The other day when you actually saw him go out,
he came back as fast as it takes for him to walk from here
to the bathroom and then back again.
That's almost how fast it was.
Add maybe 20 seconds.
Yes.
The Guinness book of world records.
Do you not have a record for them?
And the whole point of it.
And the whole point of it is maybe that's one of the things that
with age your body falls apart but you get at least you get to know your body.
That's one of those things because that's the whole problem
with going in the middle of the show.
I never know what's in store.
Five minutes might be how long it takes just to get started
sometimes.
And then you don't know what you've got going on.
So there's no way that I can go during the show.
But he does it every time.
Look at his split.
I always have this song queued up like as well song or something ready to go
but I never have to use it.
I think once in all these years, almost eight years I've had to fire something off.
And then I just started it and he'd come back in in 20 seconds later he stops it.
So I envy that, especially right now because I'm kind of squirming in my feet
and I'm buzzing on caffeine from that cool lot of.
From Dunkin' Donuts, which are great.
Thank you, Dunkin' Donuts, guys.
But yikes.
Well, there are some people who can even if it's not antiseptically clean,
they can get up and walk away.
Maybe that's what he does.
He doesn't wash his hands.
Maybe he just stuffs the water paper up there and deals with it later.
That's a pretty disgusting thought right around lunchtime isn't it?
Anyway, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the pound 5, 6, if you want to talk to me,
I'm going to talk about double standards maybe.
Or not, I don't know who these people want to talk to so I'm going to hang up on them.
Wait a second, Jeff.
They were already on hold and I'm sure they don't want to talk to me.
No faggot Julios, by the way, they're already calling up.
They're already obsessed.
Oh, you're talking to the guy in 7.
No wonder I can't hang up on him.
Okay, no problem.
The little gay Julio still haven't found the bathhouse here in town.
Maybe somebody will call and give them directions so that they can leave me alone.
They keep hitting on me all day long.
It's pretty embarrassing.
So the double standard thing, because Niel was talking about that, about the teacher.
And that was one of the guys that said, boy, there were a couple of teachers in junior high.
In junior high, that looked really, really good to me.
And they could have had me anyway they wanted me.
And I would have been happy for it.
And some people are calling and saying, oh, at the time I thought it was great,
but in retrospect, I guess it was wrong.
Well, I'm old now and I'm wishing that I had that.
I'm wishing that I was exploited by my ninth grade English teacher, Mrs. Erickson.
Mrs. Erickson, she was a beauty with long, dark hair and beautiful eyes that she always kept
like half clothes and that's sultry sort of Marilyn Monroe way.
But that's one of those double standards.
If it's your daughter and I have a daughter, then that's wrong and absolutely correct, sir.
Absolutely correct, sir.
That's wrong. That's one of those double standards that even though I know it's wrong,
I kind of believe in it, like the whole cheating double standard.
It's okay for you to get out and get as much fresh as you possibly can,
but it's wrong for your wife or girlfriend, too, right?
Yeah.
Yeah. Same thing with homosexuality.
Girls kissing lesbianism, stuff like that. That's a thing of beauty.
Guys, yucky.
Yeah.
Did you see Tom Green last night? It was a repeat.
But did you see it?
Which repeat wasn't?
It was the one where Glenn with the blue face where they were talking to Glenn's parents
about whether or not Glenn is gay.
And then while they're talking to his parents, while Tom Green is talking interviewing his parents,
they cut to the scene of them kissing.
But I mean, they were chewing on each other's lips and like licking each other's faces
and the tongues were doing the twist with each other.
I held it as long as I couldn't and I had to turn away and discuss.
It was so gross.
It was so yucky.
I mean, they were chewing on each other's tongues, and it was, and Glenn had a blue painted face.
And I'm like, ah, I don't have the hurl thing anywhere around here, do I?
Wait, it's over here.
Oh, never mind. I can't find it.
Like I said, I'm all wired on caffeine.
So lesbianism is beautiful.
Watch it all day long.
But the other part, you know, the gay stuff, that's yucky.
The gay man stuff.
Yucky, yeah, because men are discussing gross pieces of crap and women are beautiful,
virginal divine creatures.
That's why the double-moser exists.
Most of them, I'm speaking generally, generally speaking.
That's why we had those double standards.
Your daughter, she's a beautiful, pristine little, virginal thing that no man can dare exploit.
But your son, he's a piece of crap like you.
You want him to bang his teachers.
If you found out if son came home, dad, you know, my son creating was teacher.
I had that.
That would be jealous.
That would be like, yeah, well, just want my boy.
That'd be all jealous.
Way to go son.
High five.
Let me go take you off for a beer.
You're 14?
That's all right.
I'll sneak it out the back for you.
1207 on WQIM.
Here's a mobile in Boca.
Hey, Jerry.
I'm just wowing up.
And of course, I had no warning about doing the show today until the old man came in.
Yes, I'm doing all right.
You guys start talking about all this, taking a crap and stuff.
I just ate lunch and you're making me hungry again.
Oh, okay. Well, hey.
There's a scatman for you, boys and girls.
Boca, hello.
Hello.
Hey, don't, George.
All right.
Listen, I called early.
Well, you hung up on it.
You hung up on it.
Okay, no problem.
There must have been a reason for it.
I'm not sure why, but nevertheless, mobile and Hollywood.
Hello.
Well, the Hollywood.
Yeah, I got hung up on it too.
That's a fashion today.
Anyhow, I do want to talk about this double-fanded or also with what's been in the paper
and on the radio past couple of days.
I've always thought that really when it comes to sexual behavior, we are so phony in society,
I think it should be...
No, no question.
I admit that that's the wrong way to think, but we're programmed that way.
I know.
It's horrible.
I mean, to me, it should be taught to us as children like any other form of sexual behavior.
I mean, I'm with you.
I would have loved to have been introduced to sex by some older woman who could have explained
all these wonderful mysteries to that.
Little guided tour, take you by the hand.
Oh, oh, well, when I hear about guys that got their teachers in the middle.
And I know.
And you know what I was going on?
You know what was going on.
I eat my heart out.
Oh, yeah.
Because you can eat your own food.
I listen to, I have a shameless request.
In view of that topic, we haven't heard a bank pipe for a long time.
That's right.
And probably rightly so.
And you'll play it just the other week, or at least before I went on vacation, you'll play it.
That's a little old.
But I'll think about it.
If the calls drop off.
Also, if the calls drop off, we have Dick, the soundtrack of the movie.
Thank you, Barbara.
I should probably say some nice things about Barbara because I said I would.
And she brought in a whole bunch of CDs.
Don't be jealous, Tracy.
Although I think this is a good idea.
We're going to get Tracy and Barbara fighting with each other to see who can bring in the best stuff for us here on the show.
But she brought in the soundtrack to Dick.
And speaking of that list of best songs and worst songs, there's some on here that belong on the worst songs list.
But nevertheless, they're guilty pleasures.
Has anybody seen this movie?
Is there any good?
Because the record, and I already called Barbara to get another copy of it.
The songs on here are so corny.
I was going to play some for you yesterday.
So I'll get to some.
There's some really corny, including popcorn, the one that Bokeh Brian did the butt beads of.
We might just play some of these because they're so incredibly corny but nevertheless guilty pleasures.
Nine after 12.
If you want to tell me about any of these summer movies, are they any good?
Six cents?
I want to go see that.
Is it any good?
Even those cut Bruce Willis in it.
And also Dick, just because I'll admit, I like what's your name.
Kirsten Dunst.
Who grew up very nicely, by the way.
I got to say, she's got the cute little dimple.
What do you think of her, Joe?
He's busy, how can I try to speak into that Barbara from EMI called and said she's going to whip Tracy Neely's ass.
And all I got to say to that is I've got the camcorder.
Joe Mr. I don't know if it was just a skirt or what or if I was in a really good mood that day, but she looks really good to me.
And she's going to be going skating with us.
At least she said she would.
Who's there?
Twenty six.
Barbara from EMI.
She said she's going to whip Tracy Neely's butt.
I want to watch that and tape it.
And it says the play.
She's going to be ready for a cat fight.
Joe.
I say, Jello.
Because I don't like mud because mud is yucky.
But Jello, a Jello fight would be good between those two.
So she says she's going to go skating with us on Thursday.
We got all these activities lined up for the vacation week starting 27th so that we can hore the show and try to get free passes.
Like the Galaxy and Lauderdale gave us some free passes.
And with all due respect to them, they're wonderful people and they were very nice to us.
It's too far for me to schlep to go skating.
So we went to Galaxy and Davy a couple of three weeks ago.
I guess it was.
And had an all right.
Was it two weeks ago?
Two weeks ago.
I had an all right time even though I took an ass piece bill that thank God Joe Mester.
He'd be dogging me to this day.
I gathered, he'll do it.
You see?
Even though I pulled one off in the middle of the woods.
Just the fact that Mr. Rollerboy fell down.
It was a spectacular.
There was a end of the air flying, spinning, crashing, screeching flesh on varnish floor.
Spectacular.
It was.
The only thing that would have made it better would have been if you had taken out some innocent passerby.
I've done that.
I've done that.
I've taken out little kids.
And squashed a little kid's nose once.
Didn't break it.
But boy, flat into her face.
So hopefully Galaxy and Davy will hear me talking about them and talking about them when we go again on Thursday to 26.
And send us over a bunch of free passes or something like that so we can plug them for a while.
And then of course there's the Play-Dose thing.
Because we're going to do another Play-Dose night.
And yeah, thanks Joe.
Has the right idea.
We're going to get there a little bit later.
And Joe's talking about getting brave and getting into a town.
Which I don't think I'm ready for.
I'm cowardly.
You can see him over there.
He's doing his job with the phone.
That's all right.
Mobile and Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
What happened at Tom Green last night?
Man, repeat.
It was a repeat, Woody.
Thank you very much.
Mobile and West Palm.
Hello.
Hello.
Hey, George.
I saw that six tenths last night.
Yeah.
And I was just, I was impressed.
I mean, I'm not like, you know, I don't think there was much.
I mean, I'm like, you know, an actress is kind of guy.
I'm going to come to heart.
You don't have to ruin it yet or anything.
I was not.
I was not.
I was not.
Because the baby would look creepy.
But obviously that's the whole thing with previews is, you know,
that's an art unto itself is the art of the tease.
Right.
And so, but, you know, I'm peaked.
Yeah, I definitely, you know, I'm not going to tell you anything about it.
But it was just a well-balanced, good story.
All right.
The acting was good.
I'm so, I'm up.
Two thumbs up.
Okay.
All right.
Thank you very much.
I'm sold.
I'm going to go see it.
And maybe Dick.
Go see Dick.
Since I don't see enough, what?
Barbara says she's going to, says she's going to send you some more, some more Dick.
Yes.
Because, you know, if you like Dick.
Right.
The soundtrack of the movie, Dick.
Ford is a great stuff on it, for example.
And both of it appeared in it.
This is something all of the old people should buy tickets to play for their kids.
Hey, hey, listen, uh, sign your daughter.
We've been listening to this.
This is a big hit.
I had this on a paint cell, a great estate album that had lost its leaves and it has been carried around just in the wreckage.
Scratches all of it.
Just where it starts kicking, man.
You know, it's 40 as it says in it is total, total, total.
It would be great if it was a great thing to play with the girl.
Just so that I can completely relive my childhood and make it get higher-fed.
And then, you know, I'm going to have to go back to the old city.
I'm going to have to go back to the old city.
I'm going to have to go back to the old city.
I'm going to have to go back to the old city.
I'm going to have to go back to the old city.
I'm going to have to go back to the old city.
I'm going to have to go back to the old city.
I'm going to have to go back to the old city.
I'm going to have to go back to the old city.
I'm going to have to go back to the old city.
I'm going to have to go back to the old city.
I'm going to have to go back to the old city.
I'm going to have to go back to the old city.
I'm going to have to go back to the old city.
We've probably called the violin we've called the violin there,
we've called the musicians, we've called the musicians.
We've called the musicians, we've called thera games, we've called the violin pilot.
We've called the microphone singin'.
We've called the microphone singin'.
We've called the microphone singin'.
Okay, that's enough of that now.
12, 21, 5, 60, don't go nutty.
What is it time?
Should I?
Okay, so we actually have some calls and you know they're going to hang up if I go to the
break.
Lady and Hollywood, hello.
Hello, Lady and Hollywood.
Oh, sorry.
Oh, yeah.
I'm sorry, too.
There's a bag, it's man.
They still need to get together.
There are clubs for you people.
Miami, hello.
Hey, George, you stuck.
Yeah, well, not as much as you do, sir, like right now.
Spit it out.
Mobile in candle, hello.
Hey, George, how are you?
All right.
I saw both movies.
Okay.
I'm sick.
Dick's kid, if you remember what?
Yeah, like I don't remember anything about it, but I like person done.
Well, she's good.
Both girls are good.
Uh-huh.
It's a funny movie.
And especially if you know anything about it or if you even...
I mean, you know, I know the story.
I watched the documentary.
Yeah, there's a lot of things they interject to weave their story into what went on
in, and so it was very good.
Sixth Sense was also good.
The kid's great, but it's well, it's sort of a little witty.
Everybody says that the kid is great, and that's what makes me all depressed about the
Star Wars thing, because there are child actors out there who can act, because opposed to
that Jake Lloyd piece of crap that played Anakin and that Star Wars thing who obviously
is a friend of the family.
Yeah.
So that's just going to go to the press me even more.
But I'm going to go see it.
Thank you very much.
And did that Oscar not's white thing start yet?
Does anybody know?
Joe?
Does that start one of those starting Friday kind of thing?
Astronaut's white.
The Johnny Depp and Cheryl Lee, sure is just Aaron, whatever her name is.
Miami, hello.
Hey, George.
Hey.
Sixth Sense was great.
Okay.
A lot of people have told me, oh, I don't want to see it because Willis is in it.
I hate Bruce Willis.
I hate him often.
But it's not a Bruce Willis movie.
I mean, it could have been anybody could have been Tom Hanks, right?
All right.
Oh, well, that would have made it better.
It's the kid's movie.
The kid makes the whole thing.
Okay.
And thing is, it's doing great because of the word of mouth.
Everyone who comes out, you know, has a positive thing to say about it.
All right.
Let's see.
Is it all right to, I guess it's rated R, PG-13?
It takes a little gory at some spots.
If you bring a kid, it's probably closer eyes for all of that.
Of course, because we're dealing with a lot of double standards.
Is it gory, but it doesn't have a whole lot of sexual situation.
So it's okay to take two.
No.
There's absolutely almost these areas.
You're going to be more sex.
It's all sex is bad.
Thank you.
So it's okay to take the kid because there's no sex.
Why is that?
Why is it all right to show our kid's ultraviolence and no sexuality, no sexual situation?
Sex is bad.
Gory's good.
So we'll bring the daughter to Paul.
Right.
Yeah, right.
Just wait for the vacation show.
I'm going to be talking about the new old religion.
The old religion.
The new old religion.
Thinking about actually starting it up.
Been doing research for a lot of day, a whole lot of day.
Hey, how you doing?
All right.
Well, that's all you just finished playing.
Are you kidding?
You actually liked it?
All right.
I like it.
I was going to elementary school.
You played connective.
Exactly.
I didn't speak to somebody.
Elementary, that was hot butter by, I mean popcorn, by hot butter.
Pop-pop-pop butter.
That was such a big hit that nobody wants to admit that day.
I'm taking some of that beat and I'm going to loop it.
Okay.
You're sticking over it.
Okay.
But I just want to come ask really to ask you that.
But yeah, you're good, man.
I like you.
I like that.
I like how you want to show you pretty cool.
So I want to show you my groundhogs and that's all baby.
All right.
Thank you very much.
I'm going to beat up those little sagas that are duggin'.
Mobile and Naples, hello.
This is going to be a crank.
Thank you, George.
I just wanted to tell you that I have the boom sound rat screen as hits and it is a good
disc.
I think I got it from...
Now, what does it have on it?
I don't like Mondays.
Does it have...
What's the other one?
The other one that I like from this.
Hello?
Hello, I'm there.
I'm trying to think of what's on there.
I mean, besides I don't like Mondays, you know, they didn't have a lot of top 10 hits.
Besides that, there's one other songs I really liked a lot and it wasn't the one that they
had on MTV all the time.
It wasn't rat track.
It wasn't...
Now I can't think of it.
It was so long.
I can't either right now, but I'll tell you.
They also have a fun demon.
They had divos, greatest hits and they had Joe Jackson's greatest hits.
On what label, do you know?
I believe they were on Epic.
I think that's where Bob Gellboss still is, but when they broke up, I think he stayed
with Epic.
Okay.
That's all, man.
Stay up.
All right.
Thank you very much.
I'd like to play that on some of the show.
I don't think anybody down here has ever heard Boom Town rats except the three alternative heads
that are out there.
The reason I wanted that is because I think that the daughter is right to see the wall
because she's a big pink Floyd fan and I want to introduce her to Bob Gellboss and
say, here this is that guy.
So she has a little bit of closure and whatnot.
1225.
Sports radio.
Five sixties.
Q.
Hey.
Hey.
Thank you, George.
Here's a small group of dead people here.
Here's a small group of dead people here.
Here's a small group of dead people here.
Here's a small group of dead people here.
Here's a small group of dead people here.
Here's a small group of dead people here.
Here's a small group of dead people here.
Here's a small group of dead people here.
Here's a small group of dead people here.
Here's a small group of dead people here.
Here's a small group of dead people here.
Here's a small group of dead people here.
Here's a small group of dead people here.
Here's a small group of dead people here.
Here's a small group of dead people here.
Here's a small group of dead people here.
Here's a small group of dead people here.
Here's a small group of dead people here.
Here's a small group of dead people here.
Here's a small group of dead people here.
Here's a small group of dead people here.
Here's a small group of dead people here.
Here's a small group of dead people here.
Here's a small group of dead people here.
Here's a small group of dead people here.
Here's a small group of dead people here.
Here's a small group of dead people here.
Here's a small group of dead people here.
Here's a small group of dead people here.
Here's a small group of dead people here.
Here's a small group of dead people here.
Here's a small group of dead people here.
Here's a small group of dead people here.
Here's a small group of dead people here.
Here's a small group of dead people here.
Here's a small group of dead people here.
Here's a small group of dead people here.
Here's a small group of dead people here.
Here's a small group of dead people here.
Here's a small group of dead people here.
Here's a small group of dead people here.
Here's a small group of dead people here.
Here's a small group of dead people here.
Here's a small group of dead people here.
Here's a small group of dead people here.
Here's a small group of dead people here.
Twenty...
Twenty...
Twenty...
Twenty...
Twenty...
Twenty...
Twenty...
Twenty...
if there was a downside to the skating event it was um... the music which was mostly
bad mostly bad
and i'm thinking on adult night
if you're gonna have an adult night and by the way there were a lot of
teeny-boppers there and we concluded that they're not going to turn anybody away
you know the teeny-boppere money is is green so they're gonna let them in
and that's fine because that some of them look uh...
pretty pretty good there was a uh... severe absence of brezures there that night
i don't know if you noticed
but there was uh... there was great nippleage there that night that's good
and the teeny-boppers were all running around with uh... their shorts hike up
their butts and that's fine that's good
because like i said once again
you know there's that double standard uh... because you keep out there who
have erased the roller rink off your
place to hunt for girls list
oh keep it
maybe i should stop right now go back talking about the music keep it on
anyway yeah yeah go away nobody show up there leave the ratio the way it is
oh that good ratio so anyway
uh... they were playing like stuff like that like all these stupid and sipping
modern
you know beatbox damp power ninety six kind of music and they were playing them
over and over again they played like the same song three times sometimes two
and three times
and if you're going to have an adult night the point is that you could really
mix in some disco you could throw in some old stuff for a caudric
you know i mean
get up out there on the floor we want to reload our childhood
because it's not necessarily a bad thing
is it
i don't understand something
i don't understand something
for you
so i want to go out there and shuffle with this kind of stuff
at least maybe one out of four songs they could do something like that
in each back just a little bit maybe from eight
you don't have to go all the way back to the set
maybe from eight is a good thing
just digger first
oh my
i think it's a hot
i think it's a hot
maybe she wrote this right
i'm talking about the little bit of dating
although hey we're good night here um
i just feel like she's gonna look great
for that couple of ideas
but i would still love to speak to this again
but we're gonna have to like charter
the whole rink i think
rink i think
to get like some disco music
or some 80s music or something so that we can
become teenagers again at least mentally
so they get couples only
and they didn't play air supply
what are they talking?
or or bade by sticks
i was talking about that with Barbara
you know all these songs we used to couple skate too
that's what we just we don't ask for a lot
not a lot i mean we're old
we can't skate three songs in a row anyway
so just put one out there
we'll go out there
us you know pot smoking old people
we'll be coughing up the lungs
before we're you know
even halfway through the song
and then you can go back to that beatbox crap
and we'll sit there and drink our soda
and you were disin me because i was talking about
i like to do an exercise when there's a snack bar
right there handy
but i saw you were over there
you'd go skate a song or two and skate
right to the snack bar
and get your soda
no water
whatever
i wasn't the one with the fun dip okay
oh that was that was fun watching
that was fun watching
they were doing the uh the sticks
the dip that you stick to stick
the stick dip
what is those called?
not the pixie sticks that you stick the stick
and it's called fun dip and what did it?
the big bag of pick-up sticks
and that's part of the reliving your childhood experience
because we used to use those things
but they were putting lines on the table
and snorting at like coke
snorting the sugar powder
like it was coke
and it was great because we had a fun childish time
and but we want the music to complete the whole scenario
the fun childish time
maybe somebody will tip the people over there at Davie
we're going to be their next Thursday
play some disco
play some 80 stuff
play some uh something old for us old fart
all right so we have one call on the board
and then i'm going to go back and play some more of this dick
i'm going to play some more dick
24-21 does it sound like i'm going for a break?
you know i'm not going to go i'll take the call
and then i'll go for the break
fort-lotterdale hello
hey George
hey what? um did you get my email about the sentence?
yeah yeah i just haven't had a chance
and you know what? you're even starting to sound like the old man
when you're coming out of the break and giving out the numbers
well it's your your inflection even sound like the old man
i think i'm ruined that way
i don't know man my name is
i dream i dream this show
yeah he's like the narrator in my dreams
he's been breathing
honestly i used to think you sucked
but you've grown on me
okay i think you're all right
i'll take it
here i'll take this one screen
this is probably a crank hello q-a-m
yes
okay hold on
okay here's the mobile
hello
George yes
uh you decide to go to see uh six minutes
i'm gonna
all right if you decide to do that
i decided i'm gonna do it
okay if you do you not go high
do not go high
yeah high on what
uh maridoana
okay all right i'll drop acid instead
okay okay
thank you very much 23-1
if i'm gonna suck on something it's not gonna be an oyster
we are easy
i-o-n
if the wreck doesn't
oh i'm gonna kick up my shoes
strip off my dress
it makes me wet when i see you get
i'm gonna kick up my shoes
strip off my dress
that's too big for my mouth
yeah no sh**
i'm gonna mercenary and i'll top up you
and take it up my louver
change it to
okay
give me an air frag
and nail me to the wall
he r-e-t-t-i-o-n
i want to drink your bowl
i want to love the quality
i'll be ready to do a tour of the
and then i'll give it a blow
here's a boarding issue
and see you get a suit
at least don't tell you
take up his i want to wrap my lips around
your clothing too
and make your wonder where my clothes
that's a mirror
and it's on the circus side
don't twist
he r-e-t-t-i-o-n
i want to drink your bowl
oh
he r-e-t-t-i-o-n
18-to-1-5-60-w-2-a-m-so
nobody wants to talk about plateaus
and they're just kidding
and they're not using the beatbox
i think that's why people don't go
cold codgers like me would like to relive their childhood
because in those days especially in the small towns
there was nothing to do if you weren't drinking age
but go to the roller rink
there weren't team disco
i remember when i came down here from up north
for like visits
there were team disco's but later on
like after i had graduated and stuff
there was like maybe one or two
here in big major city
if you didn't grow up in a major city
there were no team disco's
you had the high school dances
and you had the roller rink
which is where you could go and congregate
as teenagers
so we'd all like to go and relive our childhood
sometimes maybe and maybe take our own kids
but they play this god awful
power 96 with all due respect to our wonderful friends
over there they don't use that format
they're just cranking out of product
that this market
unfortunately really
it's not like
but i don't want to skate to it
at least not every single song
every once in a while
sure that you know have a mix
have a good mix
i'm just talking about this a lot
next Thursday
26th i want to hear like a mix
from 70s and 80s
thrown in there with all the other crap
lady in candle hello
hi George
you have touched such a nerve
and the music too
with what
with the all this
when you played battle has a couple weeks ago
i was in love
i love you
because that is my music
on the same age as you
i'm 33 years old
and i grew up in New York and Scotland
so i grew up with some girls
the bag boy
do you ever hear the buscars
the stick your scooter
don't worry it's not gonna break
hear who the buscars
yes
there's actually a car commercial now
that uses their what do i get song
which freaks me out
to drop explodes
this is all good stuff
and i'd like to go to a place
that played that kind of stuff
i'm not gonna just sit in my little office
and play my old CDs
i work from home
so when you're on and when nails on
i listen to you guys
you break up the monotony for me
but when you guys aren't there
yesterday yes and joezy gaki
does suck
i had my CDs on
and when you started talking
when you played that popcorn song
i remember that from Benny Hill
Benny Hill used to have a group of girls
to dance
and i used to watch that
when you got to get this
the dick sound track
i am i am
i don't track too
i'll tell my husband
but there's one other song i want to bring up
for you
there's a band that got a Boston
about ten years ago called
Gun Club
they have a song called
When i reach for my revolver
if you can get your hands on it
that's really interesting
you hear that barber
turning street gun club
ignoring for free CDs on the years
either out of Boston or Los Angeles
and i think they came out around the same time
as x
and Romeo Void
there was a nut
spectacular
i am playing this for you by the way
oh my god
how about the bassity rollers
oh jeez i don't think i have those around here
i have the great tidzy
rock
oh my
there's a druggy song in my back
there's some
there's some
oh it just brings back so many memories from me
because i have friends up in New York
and they make tapes for me
because wny use university
used to have the best college radio
so when like you two
and all these other bands for like nobody
they hang out in the station for like four hours
and just play whatever came to mind
driving back and i
somebody will call and tell me what station it is
in Orlando that plays the 70s revival show on Saturday night
driving down from north carolina
we listen to it the whole way
as we pass through florida so like for five hours
and they played every corny 70 song
that you ever heard like the birth of a buggy
and uh... and what else i'm not
drawing a blank that they played every corny 70 song
from the south i guess you remember black petty
by ram jam by any chance
yeah i don't know why but i do
it's a southern thing and nobody else knows what i'm talking about
except people who are raised down here whose next
or as red as i am
mine is i is
but uh... they played everything they play
everything except just go duck by the way
and somebody called when we were on the old talking about
the worst songs of all time and they named off disco duck
no question bad song but uh...
if i'm at the roller rink
you know whatever
you're so right
yeah you're so right and growing up in two different cultures
what we consider pop music
in the UK you come over here and people look at you like
what the hell are you talking about
oh really there used to be a radio show up in new york on w any w f m
that's got new news to do you like one of these rock and roll dinosaurs you know
when the b his claim to fame is like interviewing the Beatles the first day that got off the plane
and doesn't let anybody forget about it
and they used to play the jam
and whatever was top ten on the bbc chart
he would play
so i used to make tapes off this crappy little
cassette recorder
because i couldn't afford to buy import record prices
i couldn't find a lot of the stuff
well i think the roller rink would be the perfect place to play this crap
because that's that's where we heard most of it
and uh... and it's just a shame maybe that's what we can we get
like them to do it
we got the people that'll give us the cd's for free
i'll donate the cd's that they say that they'll
you know play a tracker to every once in a while in the course of the night
can you maybe get them to do a quam night
i'd come up with a candle for that
try to try to replace thanks to pollen
thanks George
i don't know if i did
i'm gonna try
now we all know we're both a triangle
i'm gonna try to get the clock in there
i'm gonna try to pull it up
i'm gonna try to pull it up
do you remember the footage?
i'm gonna try to pull it up
i'm gonna try to pull it up
i'm gonna try to pull it up
i'm gonna try to pull it up
i think it was in the theater
how do i have my mic open?
so you ready for that?
now let me get this footage
i'm gonna try to pull it up
with the laughing
with the laughing
with the laughing
mobile in Miami, hello
hello? yes? how you doing?
all right listen
there's a uh... there's a rink down on
slaggle 114
uh...
called thunderwood staining center
they like every Wednesday night
they play all that good old stuff
real Wednesday nights ladies night
slaggle 114 to like way out west
yeah it's down south way out west
but like that's almost all at play
on Wednesday nights
on light it's like a ladies night
yeah it's like a ladies night
it's not a door light where they card you at the door
the mostly kids are dating
and they're mostly like
17, 16, 17
okay well i thought they're playing old music
like that they're not gonna draw any of the uh... young punks
any of the teeny-boppers
no now now like the punks
not the back street boys
stuff like that
no crap
they really don't play airfluff
but okay
so what's the name of the place?
it's called thunderwood staining center
thunderwood staining center
and it's like a one west flag
and it's less worth it
right for me to hear that
to hear that kind of stuff while rolling around
yeah it's all that stuff and it's and you'd be amazed
because mostly kids they're skating
they're like really young they're about 16
16, 17 and they're all into that stuff
the old stuff
they have a shoppers contest every weekend
thank you very much thanks for the tip
the shuffling, thank the god he reminded me
so we're at the roller rink two weeks ago
and they have um...
they clear the floor and do the specialty things
as they do in roller rink
and they have the girl shuffled
clear the floor, girl shufflers only
and of course all the guys we go up to the rail
to watch the girl shuffle
because that's what you do
it's fun to do, the girls look good
and they look better when they shuffle
so we're watching the girl shuffle and we're thinking this is good
and somebody said
and i don't know who it was
now are they going to have a guy shuffle
because that would be kind of gay
and they did
and all these guys were at the rail watching
and i don't know who had the line
it was a very funny line
the only thing gayer than being out there
doing the shuffle
in the all guy shuffle
is being one of these guys
that's at the rail watching
the guy do the all guy shuffle
and you know
it's supposed to be a boy girl
when they do the shuffle line
so that it's not gay
not that there's anything wrong with that
but i didn't believe my eyes
all these guys are over there
maybe instead of guys shuffle
they actually said gay shuffle
you know what i think you're right
i think you're wrong
yeah George
i'm doing well
i'm just trying to run
i heard about how from the radio
you mentioned it
the lady did because i played the bow house bridge tender once a while back
i've never bring my bow house back
by the way Joe speaking of that
do i have it? is it in there?
maybe i'll play a little bit more later
what are you doing in talks in talk right
you should be doing a music show
well you know what's funny about that
if i was on fm as a DJ i would have absolutely no say in what i played
really? as a talk show host
i can play whatever i want
yes
it's great
isn't that a sad commentary
on the radio industry
that you have to go into talk to be able to actually
have some freedom and express yourself in place in good music
it's very sad that it's not surprising at all in this country
anyway i can't believe that i'm not the only one that has bow house at home
and enjoy the vision you order
taksido moons, a panel and all this stuff
i grew up with the British invasion
i come from europe and i've been here 10 years
and it's really right to know that somebody else had nothing to music up there
well thank you very much sir
anyway keep up the great job and i'll talk to you later
hi for you
you guys bye bye
mobile in western hello
hi George
hey man i just got back from surges at the kota
hi
at least it wasn't north to kota
well nice motorcycle rally up there
yeah finally
yeah i'll ask you a good where you run the badlands
all over that area
we did three thousand miles a night today
you don't need to do stuff i mean if you like dry
craggy mountain formations and things like that
and canyons
it's just the best
well i wouldn't say the best it's close to the best
well after Wyoming, Colorado, South Dakota, we went off to that area
do you know what bell grade montana is?
sure been there
i'm in the hotel room that
is in rapid city
about five or three of us were staying
we had the presidential suite
i find a gas
received from Peter Fonda
from bell grade montana
really?
yeah i thought it was really cool
i wonder if i don't think it was the same
Peter Fonda
oh yeah no it was we asked the double
and he was just there a couple days
because we were at surges in the middle of the week
and he was there for like the beginning of it
a lot of people like Ted Turner
and a lot of these really rich celebrity types have ranches
in montana just because
that's what i was going to ask is that he is
you know Peter Fonda has a ranch up around South Dakota
we've done it
a lot of people do you know Jimmy Buffett
even if you don't like his music he knows where good real estate is
absolutely
i definitely would love to have a ranch up in Wyoming
it's i just loved it
i met Robbie Kinnebo too
while i was at surges which was kind of cool
did a burnout right in front of me
my own for my own pleasure
you there?
i'm here
yeah it was pretty amazing
yes it is
and that's what we've had
who?
the indians down in the
we went down the wounded
that is sad
that is depressing going through the indian towns
man they are
thinking about it
on the press right now
they're in that
it makes you feel good when you drive through like Broward County up 441 and seeing the
the bingo halls at least they're doing something at least they're on the move so to speak
and on a recovery program
with the gambling and god bless them
like browning montana's an entire indian town
it's the black-feet indians once a proud and noble people
they're just laying in the gutter
asleep across the park benches
stop man
they're making my mark
empty eyes
the eyes all sunk into their head it makes you want to cry
you know it's worth it
i never met an american indian that
wasn't a friendly nice person
yeah it's just it's uh... it's heartbreaking it really is what happened to them
but hey what the hell
we don't want to real estate i'm not going to give mine up
well i'm trying to help them anyway
i feel so packed again
all right absolutely five to one five sixty
wqa m
or trading out five six
three
don't use qa
i have a poor daughter
tail
down to six point
uh...
uh...
daughter of a
uh...
uh...
uh...
uh...
uh...
uh...
uh...
uh...
uh...
uh...
uh...
uh...
make your clothes all g-is this
uh...
thinkin' of a big roll of his hat
You don't leave out the trail, get your tail where it's at.
And go, and go, and go, and go.
That's where it gets me to go.
The girl's a fantastic fat guy.
She know how to face the bold and dry.
That's the chase you the shout in the house.
You wouldn't leave this kid's mark on the tower.
And go, and go, and go, and go.
That's where it gets me to go.
Score it, score it, score it, score it, score it, score it, score it.
One, one, five, six, the WQAM, pound, five, six, the on the AT&T wireless line, and five, six, seven, oh, five, six, the on every other line if you want to call and talk.
Obviously, 9, 5, 4, and Broward, 305, and Dave.
And Joe wants to plug his show.
And that's the tradition.
On the Friday, Neil gets to go to the airport early show.
Get the plug his race and show.
And then we're going to talk about whether or not I'm going to be wearing a towel when we go to play those on the 28th.
Go ahead.
Did the show.
Plug it in and then try to.
This weekend on Motorsports Saturday, Ron Fellows.
He finished second to Jeff Gordon at a road course in Watkins Glen.
He's a good guy.
Okay.
Canadian from Toronto.
And okay, he'll be on the show.
I got a guess.
Are you sure?
Off the stuff.
Get ready for this weekend's action in all the Motorsports field.
So even if you don't ride Motorsports, you know what I think I could use it, you know.
Set your alarm.
That's it.
We're a towel, George.
Now you're talking about, you're thinking of getting a ball to wear a towel.
Where a towel and go where?
The hot tub, the back room, the big room, the towel areas.
That's right.
I mean, if I'm going to go there again.
All right, all right, all right, all right.
I'm wearing a towel.
Here's a scenario.
Here's an area.
Here's like among my many fears.
Go ahead.
Just put them on hold real quick and then come back to the microphone.
Among my fears.
Because I'm shy and my torso doesn't look like it used to.
Now, I know it because I see the guys that are running around there.
There's some fat asses running around here.
Yes.
I look better than them.
I have breasts because I have packs with a layer of fat over them.
So they look, I need a man's ear.
Although I'm working on them.
That's the old story.
But anyway, you know those fat asses running around there.
And it's all men.
They're that are fatter and nastier than I could ever be on my worst day.
But nevertheless, I'm self-conscious just because I don't look like I used to.
And even though I'm working on it.
And by the way, it was a bad boy on vacation.
Eight like a pig.
But anyway, all right.
Here's the scenario.
Even more than my fat gut and my breast, my man breast.
You're wearing your towel, right?
And Ken Jenny comes fussing through the door.
No.
And by the way, for the people that you want to know in play,
there's a sponsor so we can talk about them a lot.
They're in the city of Fort Lauderdale.
They're outside of the greasy clutches of the very Nazi, antisexual,
what's going on in his life, Ken Jenny.
I say what's going on in his life?
Because I wonder about people that are sexual persecutors of other people.
Either they're very unhappy with themselves because they're not getting any.
Or they are getting some.
And they want to put on a big show so that no one will suspect them,
like Jay Edgar Hoover with the factory.
But anyway, so here's the scenario that I'm worried.
All right.
So I'm wearing my towel.
I'm walking around and beautiful babes walks by and going.
And now you've got a hat rack.
That's, you're okay with that.
You're okay with that.
If that's the biggest problem that we've got.
It's not like a big problem.
I'm just, you know, I don't necessarily want to.
That's like the whole problem with the nudist colony thing.
I don't know how they do it.
I guess after a while they'd be jaded.
But what about those first 15 minutes?
That is the signal to this girl who's passing you by.
Hey, honey, want to shag without saying.
I'm so mortified and cowardly about the whole scenario.
I like to see the people are so nice.
They're nice.
They're nice on the dance floor.
If you bump into somebody, that's not a bad thing.
It's actually like a compliment.
Nobody's going to take a swing at you.
You know, mother of s***.
Like at the other clubs, you know what I'm talking about.
Everybody's all surly and hostile.
Here's a happy bunch of people.
And I liken it to, here's, you go to the pool.
Everybody's in the pool, splashing around, yucking it up.
Having a good time.
Having fun.
You want to be part of that.
Happy.
You want to be in there in the pool, swimming around, splashing around.
Having a good time too.
I don't even want to stick a toe in the water.
I'm so scared.
I don't...
Maybe I've got to get really good in tank.
Is that it?
I have to get incredibly toasted.
Maybe that's what it's going to take.
We'll get you toasted then, because...
I don't...
Each time you go somewhere, you have to build on what you do.
I'm getting all wrenchy just thinking about it.
Last time you sat at the table.
You walked.
Just was going to be like the four times, fifth times.
You squeezed my girlfriend's butt.
This time.
Did not.
Didn't you dance?
I danced with her.
I don't think I squeezed her butt.
I think I was shanked.
I put my hands on her hips.
But anyway, that's what my hands on the girlfriend's hips.
But nevertheless, 106-560-WQ-A-M.
Here's a mobile in derailleur.
As soon as I find the button, here's a mobile in derailleur.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
How you doing, George?
Good.
I'm just calling her.
You're pretty hip.
I like some of the music that you're talking about.
I'm a product of the 60s.
That means...
The bowhouse coming up a little bit later in honor of that lady that called and liked it, by the way.
Go ahead.
Hello.
Hello.
Go ahead, I'm sorry.
It's okay, no problem.
I'm just...
I like some of the music that you're talking about.
I'm going to watch some things on VH1 about the 30-year anniversary of Woodstock in 1969.
And it's nice.
I mean, that music to me was the best...
That's good.
I like it and everything.
But that's not the roller rink music necessarily.
No, that's true.
That's true.
But I like that type of music.
I think you're...
I like that it's on the big soundtrack.
It's all the corny crap.
You can play it in your car like hide it.
I would put like tape masking tape over the front so that people don't know that you have this thing
and then listen to it when you're all alone because people will laugh at you if they see you jamming out to popcorn by hot butter.
Or record it.
Right?
We like it.
You know we like it.
Thank you very much.
You know we were all singing along to this.
Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow.
What color was she?
She was loud.
Oh.
Elsa Mod.
Oh!
No, it was water that why.
Are you sure?
Elsa said when your face round sugar.
No, it's down in love at the night.
Okay.
That's bad.
It was good.
I'm going to try to live with you, sir.
Mobile in Miami, hello.
Mobile in Miami.
Yes, George.
Yes, sir.
I hear you talking about play-dose.
Uh-huh.
And you said you've been there like four or five times now and never gone even.
Never stuck a toe in the water, sir.
Yeah, I took my wife there for our anniversary last year.
Uh-huh.
And she shocked me.
Oh, yeah?
I mean, you know, we were in the, went to the big room and then ended up in a little private room before the night was over with.
Yeah.
We've actually talked about going back a couple of times, you know.
When you stop and think, you know, people talk about the price of it.
Yeah.
But when you stop and think, you know, what you're going to pay for a hotel room and dinner and drinks and everything else.
Oh, I know.
And the night's also telling us.
So first of all, the buffet was great.
I didn't expect the buffet to be as good as it was and it just keeps getting better.
And so, so you guys like trade it off?
No, no, no.
It was just being a herb.
I'm asking around, you know, I don't know how, you know, I'm very ignorant.
I'm on the outside looking in and I'm jealous at what's going on on the inside.
Yeah, you go in, went into the big room for a little bit.
Never kind of excited.
I mean, we walked through during the tour beforehand before anybody else was in there.
Right.
And at IOD, when they had the sex show on the Passion Bitch, a lot of the producers and everything would go there because they were sponsors of that.
And everything and they had some stories.
They came back with some stories.
Yeah, hot tub stories, no matter if I joke, has those eyebrows just went through the ceiling.
And I'm all jealous, but I'll tell you right now on Timid, I'm a coward.
Now the back room, if nothing else, it's very entertaining back there.
That's what they say.
Okay.
Give us a little peek of next time you're going to go there.
Maybe we'll meet you there.
And on the 28th, it's getting set up even as we speak.
And then the following week, I'm doing the show the whole week, you know, on vacation.
So I'll definitely I have a week to report.
Okay, sir.
Okay.
You listen in forward.
All right.
Thank you very much.
I'm scared to death.
And you know what's sad about this whole thing is that Todd Dreck is the AE for Plato.
So I actually have to acknowledge his existence while we're working this whole thing out.
And because they might be doing spots on the show.
Might.
If nothing else, the dance floor is just a...
That's it.
You know, right there, the buffet, the drinking, the dance floor, the ambiance, the friendliness of the people,
it was just a jolly good time.
And if nothing else.
And that's why we keep going back because that part of it is all fun and fun.
And even if you're a coward like me, you can bug out before anything gets to...
Come on, George.
Get a lock on.
I'm so scared.
I'm shaking.
I'm shaking thinking about it.
This is what you keep.
Why is this like so good?
This is a good bend, by our applaud.
There's no pause on here anyway.
My mouth is all wet.
Yeah, I know.
I'm getting a little bit wet.
It's getting wet with the bright.
It's on the head.
It's got a wet on the nose.
It's a bit of a tricycle.
It's a bit of a tricycle.
I know I'm a fucking good flydry.
I know I'm just a fool.
It's a pretty good flydry.
It's a crazy, lonesome flydry.
Got the feel, feel, feel.
Five to seven on five, six feet.
Count five, six feet.
Maybe we can see why we will find it.
That's not even interesting.
It's only because of the flame that's coming to the mouth.
For your body's overwater, but light doesn't last.
But light doesn't last.
I can't be with you, I'm always thinking the same.
I live through a heart of sorry, I go down the forest thing.
I go down the public thing.
I make sounds, these rocks are slow, they're just so slow and fast.
This door can be shut to the head, by its presence.
You have your feet gone, man.
Kakka, poop, pissing, what else? What am I missing?
This radio always put the blinds down my head to death.
You thought it was my job to take a side-way, I'm a bad man.
That's what you have to stop.
All of it.
That's really good.
All of it.
It's my job.
It's inside the sight.
I feel few things.
It's a real, real.
All the stars are straight ahead.
We're inside the sight.
We're all the stars we're outside.
We're inside the sight.
All the stars are straight ahead.
We're inside the sight.
One nineteen five sixty WQAM five six seven oh five sixty and talent five sixty on the
18th wireless line. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hey. Hey. Can I help you out? We
roller rinks her or sex clubs. What can you help me with? I was Pat Cohen about you
were talking about these guilty pleasure 70 touch songs. Yeah. Like Popcorn and I was
thinking you asked about the radio station in Orlando. I don't know what that one is
particularly but I know that a lot of that stuff is starting to show up on the
former she. Some some you know what they and again like they did with the
alternative they got really close and then they changed the format there they're
right on the verge of having something there every time I turn it on they'll
play like a couple of songs and I'm like oh this is you know this is going
somewhere this is pretty good and then they'll play some really really bad
stuff and I have to go away. You know what's Prince for sure. Like the Prince
and like we don't want to hear the the recent corn that we're still very tired
of we want yeah I know what you mean but they they they need to go a little bit
further dig a little deeper come on grow some balls people play like brother
Louis. Right. Something like that go ahead and there's also a
show syndicate show called flashback that's on big one of six from
Sunday morning. Sunday morning. I don't know when it starts exactly I always
wake up and just turn it on and it's there. Like for example like a
Dixing everything comes back you're seeing a lot of these
compilations coming out now with all this kind of stuff on it. Oh right. It's a
good start. Right on a long time ago or a couple years back put out a whole
series of CDs called have a nice day. It had like butter lily and and it
also had a joy by Apollo 100. I'm gonna set up. Go ahead. Joy by Apollo 100
and run run run by Jojo Gunn. I don't know if you know that one and also it's a
really great stuff and the thing about Rhino is you know they never use remakes.
Right. So Rhino's great. Oh yeah but there is no there was about 13
and just anything you could ever have wanted from that era is on that thing.
The only thing is they're kind of group funny. Okay. I just want to let you
know that there are some places in town to find it. It's just trying to find it
at the right time. And at the right place. I want it at the roller
ring so that I can complete the scenario. Yeah and I really don't only think about
the sex culture when I was a kid used to go to a new a new camp up in Cocoa.
You know what I envy the newtus because they seem like the most together and
well adjusted people on the planet and and again it's too late for me. I'm
the daughter saying hey you know dad let's go to the newtus club. I want to
swim naked and stuff like that and I'm saying you and mom go go now. Go have fun
with each other. I don't want to be part. I mean seriously and again I'm ruined.
I'm ruined by the society. Well the thing is though if you if you were like me when
you thought as a little kid to me it's very natural. It has no special
connotation for me. If you grew up in that kind of a scenario but I'm it's too
late for me. It's got no sexual connotation. I understand and I know that but
I went to one of those things that would do nothing for me. Right but it's too
late for me. I'm like with my with me it's the self-consciousness. Okay. It's
supposed to be about avoiding right. The whole newtus thing everybody's bodies
are you know at least okay if not beautiful all that you know. Right.
It'd be kind of stuff too late. I'm already jaded. I'm already you know.
But you can go now and it'll get you excited. It will or won't. It will.
Where the photo just be an epic. Exactly. Every day thing. And I'm worried about
that I understand that it's a bad protocol to walk around the newtus colony
sport and would. Absolutely. Well. I don't see how I could not. I understand.
Okay. You have a good weekend. Thank you too. What? The whole idea of that is you're
seeing stuff you wouldn't normally see. I'm anti-newtus because it takes away
the special right. Exactly. Exactly. And yeah so just as well. Just as well that
newtus he still holds some thrill for me. Miami hello. Hi George. I'm a past
part agency. Hey how are you. All right. Hey I've seen Dick three times. It's
the greatest movie. You remember time? Yeah twice in two days. Because it was
good or because people just want to do a you know it's it's so funny. Okay.
Funny smoothies ever seen. All right great. Hey have you heard about musician
called fish karma? No. He does this a couple of songs. One is God is a goofy guy
and another one is God save the NRA. Hmm. Never heard of him. No. Do you know the label?
Triple X records. I'll send you the CD if you want. Okay. Yeah you feel like it.
You think? Yeah I think. Yeah definitely. All right. We'll pass it by him. All right. All right.
These are thanks a lot. I want to say that he was clutching his passport. No he wasn't.
He's going to San Diego to do that dolphin game with Mandage. Mobile in Weston.
Hello. Hey George. Hello. Hey I heard you mentioned earlier. Yeah the man's there.
A USine car watcher. Am I you? Well you of course used to be.
Wow they still got the reruns every now. Yeah you know no once was enough once was enough with time.
Oh yeah I can watch it. It's kind of fizzle towards the end. The last season was a yeah the end
right exactly but the early stuff was great. I was just like the contest the masturbation
contest things like that and then you know after that they it's like they shot their
wad and they weren't that funny. Yeah it's like an athlete who's trying to still play football
when he's 48. I don't have saggy man breath. They're just pronounced because I used to have
pecs and then I got fat and so now I have a layer of fat over over my. Wow so it looks you know
if I was a woman and I shaved my chest hey I'd have a nice look in the like little eight cups going
there. Joe that's giving me crap and he left fatty food do some cardio and do some benching
and I'll go I'm doing the benching and you know what it's it's like it's making it worse because
the pecs are coming back and the layer of fat is still there and well what you should you should
probably do decline benches build up the bottom of your chest and it will probably I mean I know
you don't know I need to build up the top back but that's what I just thought is that you didn't
do incline so you'll build up the top. Okay. Listen about that place you're gonna go you it's like
the fifth time you've been there but you've never even put a towel on. No no no I'm okay now what's
here for big problem what's your fear? I'm self conscious I don't want to walk around with a
woody in the towel covering it up looking like a half. I heard that earlier first of all if you
walked by a girl that was in a place like that and you just got a woody by looking at her
should be thrilled. That's the first thing. Okay. I wouldn't be embarrassed in the slightest bit if
that happened. Okay and then I can't see your other question. I'm gonna call any it's actually a
compliment there. Well you know it's so like if like you said earlier if you're there for 10 or
15 minutes and you're excited at the beginning so laying your belly on you know until that stuff
goes away but no after a while it's like you're watching TV. Okay. The bodies they make it they
look good you know some of them look good but you know until you start touching them you know
you'll be pretty much under control. Alright and the last thing is man take the damn put the
get the towel on get in the back room see what's going on take it off and do it yourself man
don't limit yourself. What do you think every other person that's back there is doing the same damn
thing? Okay yeah I wouldn't be afraid of. I doesn't help me but okay. Alright Nancy okay thank
you very much and Joe brings up a good point about the dance floor I wanted to get back to that
because that's a very good point when you're at the normal clubs the quote unquote normal clubs
and you're out there dancing you see these bays on the dance floor and they're wearing their
little mini skirts and you're looking at their ass and thinking boy I would just like it if she
just lift up her skirt and sit and show us what's under there at Play Doze that's exactly what
happens right right when you're thinking it too right when you're thinking there it is god I just
wish she would hike that thing up and show me what's there and the and she doesn't guess what no
underwear total lack of underwear what a what a great beautiful thing and see so I can go and enjoy
those little cheap thrills and never have to put the towel on I mean I'm just having I get
obviously I'm short-changing myself if I'm having that much fun wearing my street clothes the
implication is I could have a lot more if I put a towel on and went into the back room it's like
you just put the towel on where they're talking big we'll see we'll see if you put on a towel
we'll put on the day you talk big now we'll see Pompano Beach hello hey George how you doing
all right call and say hi hi hey we should play in the house yes I was wow impressive hey it's good
to hear music like that I missed the Smith and ministry and we're gonna play the Smith on the
vacation hey how about some joy division uh Joe Kessel was just telling me he's got joy
division in the car but thank god I don't know because go down the elevator and get it before
the end of the show this whole term alternative now is ridiculous when I hear let's just get on
uh rick d show yeah it's it's over yeah yeah I'm sorry I need we need to come up with another word
to describe the alternative alternative right and how about this let's let's get about this corn and
let this can also you know it to me it's just the water down real macho version of the Beastie boys
yeah the Beasties are the probably the most influential band in the last 15 years sure so I
appreciate have a great week we'll have the Beasties YouTube six one care 128 560 WQAM
this is 560 QAM
and there by now you're all familiar with my cover of the rock classic American one where I added my
own guitar style
you like it so much I decided to cover other rock classics like smoke on the water
yeah
yeah
yeah
Grunt, sembaq fenisroaaaabits.
And any rabbits covers rock classics.
Now available, and for limited time only, send in your proof of purchase for a chance to
win an M&D guitar, just like the one I play.
Check out the elsewhere at the CZ first old to get any rabbits got their rock classic.
126, 560, 742, 560, 705, 60, and pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
One column, then I'm going to play some more crap is what I've got queued up, mobile in
Lantana.
Hello.
What's up George?
Nothing.
Hey, I heard Neil talk about EEP 60 today.
Yes.
They're actually on a compilation.
That's like a tribute compilation to what I think is one of the best underground bands
ever, the Pixies.
Uh-huh.
Are you familiar with the Pixies?
They're amazing.
But uh, I don't know if you can do it.
What's the label?
What label are they on, EEP 60?
All of that compilation for that matter.
Glue factory records.
The real fun dependent label.
I think it's out of Alabama.
In the oldies little independent labels are owned by somebody bigger.
Anymore, it's like the radio industry.
They've all been absorbed by the giant amoebas and stuff.
So all these record reps that we have, they represent a whole bunch of labels.
And I don't know who's on what.
So just, I want people to say it because whoever's listening, you know, if that's one of
your label, hey, send us a disk.
We'll talk about it.
Yeah, yeah.
I'm sure it gets major distribution.
Weasers on it, sense field, and I am a lot of good bands around it.
Right.
Also, have you ever been respectable in West Palm Beach?
No.
West Palm is a bit of a slip.
I know there's good clubs like up in Vokin and West Palm and things like that and people
keep wanting me to go and I don't want to go all the way up there.
I don't want to drive up there.
Never mind driving back drunk.
It's a really nice club.
It's on Climatus.
A lot of great new independent artists play there a lot.
And closing, John Owen's, your juice back.
Okay.
Thank you very much.
Here's a mobile in South Miami and then we're going to play some crap.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes.
Yeah.
What was that group that you can make the gay monkey love to?
I can't remember.
I don't know.
So why don't you call and ask Neil?
I had absolutely no idea.
25 to 1 to 5, 60 WQAM.
Step on your seat.
Oh, right.
I'm going to have to stop.
Who do you think you are?
It's up.
It's up.
You're never going to get my love.
Now because you're where.
All those fancy clothes.
Oh, yeah.
You have a big fine cloth.
Oh, yes, if you're not.
You'll think I can afford.
You give you my love.
Oh, yeah.
I can't get a lot of stuff.
I can't get a lot of stuff.
I can't get a lot of stuff.
I can't get a lot of stuff.
You're hurt.
You never gonna get my love.
Now I know I'm scared.
I've been using it.
I know you broke down last week after that.
I'm a bit boppy.
You made a smile.
And it pulled down.
And it tried to keep it out of it.
It just tried to keep it that far.
Now I'm going to have to do it.
You think you are.
You can't get a lot of stuff.
You never gonna get my love.
You're going to hell new dad.
I never can't get my love.
I'm a victim.
I have some stuff.
Oh, yeah.
I've got to be stupid.
I'm gonna raise five of you.
Because when I get in my life,
I won't be up in return.
Oh, my God.
This is a lesson, this is a thing, so you have a learning.
Oh, Brian!
Are you sure?
You never gonna break a heart with your feet so...
You never gonna make me cry with your feet so...
You never gonna make me cry with your feet so...
You never gonna get my...
I could just keep track of music, keep nobody's calling.
I understand it's Friday, everybody's like all, you know, bailing out of work early.
They don't want to do anything, they don't want to talk about going to play those, etc.
And so on, I got all these CDs, this is great.
Barbara brought a big old box of CDs and not to mention, I could play every song on this dick,
sitting CD soundtrack to the movie, dick.
Like that, like that song there, I could play it, let me avoid it.
Or I could take a break.
560560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T Wireless Finds 22-Til2-1562 AM.
It's a lashing aroma, they're gonna go one.
You know, the diamond just was a my style, so I don't know.
I began working nights now here as a janitor in this old office building.
Just to keep busy, I guess, because the pays go all the way to it.
Hey, there's a big cheese now.
How you doing tonight? Hey, we're just getting late, right?
How you doing? You having a pretty tough night.
Good night.
Good night.
You're gonna watch a game tonight.
You having a lacrosse of three pizza beer night over there, and I thought it was a pretty tough day,
but I just watched the game with the fellows over at the bar.
Oh, yeah. Well, I understand what I'm listening to, and there's a little radio over here.
The antenna's kind of shaking.
Are they gonna dig screen color TV over there?
It's best picture of everything.
Yeah, big screen color, great picture.
I heard it, it's a watcher like the Beez-Man.
You know, I got all my work done.
Oh, really? You're in the middle of the world, huh?
Yeah, you're supporting, maybe I could.
Well, I'll tell you what.
Maybe I could.
I got my BMW in the garage.
I got a blop-hoot Nick radio, and then I can pick up the...
You can drive me.
Anything. No, no.
I'll give my car keys.
Why don't you clean up my car?
I got a wicked fan in the back seat.
Yeah, I've got a bit better on the equipment up with us.
I'm not even I'm just...
I'll be back in about two hours, and maybe I'll bring you a piece of pizza, okay, Dad?
Well, Dad, listen, thank you a lot.
I hear my keys, and be careful not to scratch the car, and I'll be back in about two hours.
Two hours.
Yeah, I can pull it.
I'll walk you.
You're not gonna bring...
Are you...
You after said you were worthless...
...stuck it up.
Carol, you can't be my son.
Nobody's that ungrateful.
You...
...wrap it.
I'll take your...
...and stain BMW and run that mother...
...right into the damn liver you're at.
You're worth nothing.
You're worth nothing.
You're worth nothing.
You're worth nothing.
You're worth nothing.
This message brought to you by the National Curseing Foundation.
And remember our motto.
Go f*** yourself.
I'll take 16-0256-WQ-A-N-Boy.
Can you imagine the number somebody could do if they had Bob and Tom as a lead-in?
Oh, I'm sorry.
5-6705-60 and pound 5-60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Herb from Plato is my only call on the board.
So it's gonna be a lot of music to set things in.
And I think they're not calling on perfect because they like the music.
On perfect? On purpose.
Hey Herb, I hope you have a lot to say.
By the way, you're on the air Herb.
Hi, Vary. How are you, Joy?
You're doing all right, Herb.
How's everything going?
I'm listening to all the things you guys are listening to.
Very interested in what you were talking about.
You were talking about the schoolteacher proposition.
Yes.
I think you're 100% right.
Yeah, really.
Except in my case,
uh, except when you're talking about these schoolteachers that I wanted to bag when I was in junior high.
Uh-huh.
And I just think that it's gotten,
I'm so happy to see the public get enraged and get involved.
I really am.
Yes.
Because I think it's about time that people start to realize that if the one segment of this country goes down,
it's gonna affect everybody, not just one person.
That's right.
So you're here, so I'm talking about your club.
A lot of people calling up,
telling me that I need to put a towel on and go into the back room there.
Well, you had no, we had a, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh,
a lot of the government, uh, not us, uh,
unfortunately affected the club for about an hour.
If the blue of the main transformer, they did.
Not us.
Oh.
They affected the tower in the whole area,
and we went out for about an hour.
But we're all back online now.
No problems.
Everything's cool.
If that happens when you get taught to hear you know that the tower does fail,
and then something like that happens.
Did Todd Dreck call you today by any chance?
Yes, he did.
That's the reason I'm calling.
Okay.
great he asked me to give you a call he said it was important that I speak to you
so I know what important I want to you know I want to go and visit you guys again
the radio you know I'm going to be my pleasure and you know that you would go
on everybody else more than welcome to come any time we're going to try to get
as many of the people from inside the station here is you know to go in with us
so that we can have embarrassing stories to tell about them I have no problem
all you have to just do lucky no when and it's a done deal the 28 the 28 no problem
okay okay her be terrific thank you all the forward to seeing you and everybody
Joe and the whole crew it'll be my pleasure trust me okay there okay her
thank you you you're welcome he has a master's in what did he say when he
was given a tour the like clinical psychology or something like that and
and he's running a swing club I love her but he's a herb is a great guy and he
could do the the whole religion thing I'm not going to get into that today but
the religion that I want to revive well I'm saving that for the vacation week
but what are you watching I'm too this beautiful girl you talk to Billy I don't
know what she's selling but darling Billy yeah
I saw this before I didn't even come there she is here
baby baby don't you wait too long I'm not gonna yell at you
you
you
for me
I wouldn't better like
I
need to
all right that's enough 13 till 2560 WQA please call 5 6705 60 and pound 560 on the AT&T
wireless long well I'm not going to yell at the people like the old man does when I get
the cloud that he does maybe I'll think about whipping and beating the audience and
they hung up they were only on their two minutes we had one call and they
couldn't wait long enough for me to listen to a piece of our ability a little
bit of Billy because she's cute have some patience you people for crying out
loud or I'm going to play what I could play something from Dick I could play
some dick or I could play Romeo Void
maybe I'll just screen this for all not all right I'll pick this one up you
screen that one and I'll talk to this person but WQA am hello hey that's what I'm
talking to you I want to try to get a little throw a hand out of him out of who
out of him out of me I'll not today sir not today no feel hungry today plantation
hello hey how you doing okay if you happen to catch the editorial on George Bush
and his cocaine habits of the past and how he's denying all that not the
editorial I mean it's been all over every every newspaper and news well of
course but I mean what do you think the final line to be think he's going to say
uh... just gonna be anything he's gonna keep up to skating he's gonna keep
hoping that people stop asking him the question and it's not gonna stop and I
think that it's gonna blow hard upon up in his face yeah just do bro I think
that's good I think I think I think that the the pigeons have come home to
use the republican party I think that if they hadn't made a big deal about
Clinton and and the pot thing nobody would be making a big deal out of the
cousin at a big deal about that the same thing with a blowjob police when they
were making a big deal about bill getting blown in the oral office uh... you know
now and then they started exposing all those republicans that were having
affairs you know what i'm saying they had to resign and embarrassment see what's
good for the goose is good for the gandier is he a good Christian is he one of
those four to get a bush I don't think i can be a republican without being a good
good Christian I was gonna say he had said good Christian
offering it used to be an economic party used to be founded on economic
principles but I said that so they were taken over a long time ago
extra in the rock and roll
thank you very much
i look at this we got some calls now for some crazy reason there's that line
six hollywood hello
gorgeous bush between oh god
do you feel hello
charge yes three eleven guy
hey how are you good how are you i'm sorry don't have anything cute up for you
hey well they haven't done anything interesting in a while anyway
uh... beautiful disaster
what what what what what the only thing i've gotten from them lately is that live
uh... album
uh... how is it
in
it's not a good is the studio stuff what can i say i want by it don't
you have impeccable case in music why thank you very much sir
all kinds of music all kinds i go all over the place
i'm an eighties guy myself
there you go
i got wait for some q dot two
got this in the people calling
not not on this humanly
not on this
i got like uh... this this this and thank you for a seemingly for the cmj the
year music nineteen eighty two they have eighty eighty one eighty two seventy nine
and all these things
madness xtc soft self
oh boy
i'll be getting a bmt cell abc hair care put one hundred
but uh... stuff like that but the other disc have all kinds of really good stuff
on the malls
i played them before and and uh... got people all upset people were calling up
ripping
it's all to play madness
oh yeah madness is great
what can i say our house
and i think
and
was that the back street boys that little bit you played earlier
and
what would i be playing the back to you for a week that
that's a little
that little that little bit you played about like the parody of uh... you can just
like turn out anything and uh...
that was both of brine he just he just that turned on the drum machine and went
that's all that was that reminds me of the back street boys completely well uh...
okay i'm not you know i don't want to have to agree with you but i guess he's on
the plane by now so uh...
