C-40, C-40, C-40.
Long way to go.
4-Tradio 560 W2AM Miami-4-Sitterdale.
D-40.
The Neil Rodgers Show.
DuTak-Taniel called 560-0560 toll-free for need and power.
More pound 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show,
do not necessarily reflect those of you.
QAM, easily that position.
Or the easily brought down group.
Now Neil, 560-0560.
QAM.
Oh my god, if you play Hank over again, I'm gonna fucking throw off.
Forced Fag Radio.
We'll never be the same.
Starting this Monday on 560-WQAM.
It's the Brian and Terry Murray Show.
6 at 10AM Monday through Friday.
Only on 560-WQAM.
Now.
That's what I designed for.
Out in here, it's the Tuesday day again.
QAM.
Oh my god, yo.
That's what we paid for.
With tickets called 560.
We've been waiting for so many long.
Just being a holiday kid and stuff.
All day you want.
That's what I'm gonna do now.
Like that, it's wrong to wait until I get tough.
It's out there, it's gone.
Stop.
Whoa, you got it, yo.
It's not fun.
He's gonna wear these on the sit again.
Stop.
Whoa.
Huh.
That's what we're getting for.
Oh, there ain't no here, whoa.
Stop.
Whoa.
Well, yeah, yeah.
That's what we're getting for.
We're all on duty to take it.
Stop.
Whoa.
Good guy, yo.
We shall blow the jet ice.
Bring all the soft troopers.
Stop.
Whoa.
Whoa.
It's increasing.
There's more in.
I'm just gonna get the hockey stick stuff.
Got it.
Let's get the recovery down.
Right, 30 to go.
The devil caught him and teed for the old baby.
What a date this one.
That person.
And right away for a durmick, the huge stable in the arc
or his first time to eat, was struck in the dare's arena.
Well, alright, sports fast.
When I said that, it Marty struck as God, baby.
I told you that that's the hard ass Doug McLean.
He would listen to me.
He got his ass fired.
Nice going, Doug, you jackass, you hard ass.
The problem with the people in this town, too many hard asses, too many experts.
They all know all the answers and then all of a sudden they want to get in their ass can.
Don't see them no more.
Because they won't listen to anybody, including experts like...
Yeah, exactly.
Man, what again, that was last night, huh?
So now it's the Pittsburgh Penguins in the Toronto.
May police starting Friday night at the pier canter of the center in Toronto.
And then in the wee hours of the morning,
it must have been finally up here at Turgentown, gets a greasy goal.
I just saw it on CNN there.
Against the Nikolai Habubulin, as the guy said, on CNN International.
Habubulin.
Greasy goal, they're kind of a knuckleball shot and just caught the corner late in the first overtime.
And St. Louis comes back from a 3-1 deficit, beat Spenix, the biggest chokers in the history of mankind, and lose on.
Any interest in the hockey playoffs?
No.
How the pantheon is doing?
No.
Okay, speaking of any interest, oh man.
Got another full play here today, by the way. WQAM.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Great.
Got a short show today, so we got to really speed it up.
Yeah, I know, this was fast.
And it's in take your feet right now.
Listen, the two playoff games that I've watched, the series, excuse me.
Yes?
Toronto Philadelphia.
Great series, but last night was just a icing on the cake.
That was a great game.
It was, man.
Hey, listen.
How'd you like it?
Johnny Strockah, how'd going to assist against the number one star?
And how'd you like it?
Hey, you know, you know what, it brings me out though?
Jarmie Yogurt.
Pull growing.
Yeah.
It's been out for four games.
And you got these little baseball players, you know, that they have a pull growing, they have a thumbnail that's kind of hurt.
And they sit out for 10 games.
Right.
Marty, excuse me.
Jarmie Yogurt sits out for four games, comes back, gets a game where it gets to assist.
Plus that, Marty Strockah has six goals in the series.
Yeah.
He's leading score in a playoffs now, and also leading goal scores.
He's got most points, and he's either tied or leading in goal, six.
I hope Captain B.M. is Sergeant T.M.
Take a look at that.
Okay, pal, don't forget their show starts Monday morning.
All right, buddy.
There you go.
There's a guy who's got his act together.
He's interested in the hockey playoffs, not some stupid Star Wars movie.
I'm sorry.
Sorry, George.
Well, I mean, you know, I understand that some people want to relive their second childhood.
They never want to grow up that kind of stuff.
I mean, I enjoyed watching the Batman and Robin series over and over again.
That's because Robin was wearing those tight green tights, you know.
So, and now, of course, you find out about Mark Campbell.
That stands back, and I can't stand it.
That's why you like the new one, because he's not in it.
So you can watch it and feel like a favorite part.
The fact that Mark Campbell is not going to be in it.
Well, he's not born yet, right?
Hey, by the way, don't forget Monday. It's WQA and the prequel.
Oh!
Yeah, that's right.
Before they had a transmitter.
Oh, that was already in that condition.
Well, I asked Mark mostly this morning about, he came in this morning,
one of the good guys from Power 96.
We got two or three over there.
And I asked him about the foot of you, while 100, he said,
He's an asshole.
Yeah.
He went on and on.
I said, calm down, Mark.
All I did was mention the athletes foot.
He's an asshole.
Oh, man.
He just went nuts. He went off on them.
Do I, do I, do I, dare mention this, by the way, this big ad?
Because I'm always the scouring through the papers for things that I think will be of interest.
Well, it's a going out of business sale for an establishment that was once a sponsor.
Not on this show, by the way.
I just thought I would mention that.
You know something if they would have advertised on the near-roger show,
these people might only not be going out of business.
They might be making them a money handover lip wrist.
You know that?
Even though their prices were too high.
Who is telling me that?
Or John Penis?
What?
Well, you don't have to worry about it.
They're going out of business.
He's not going to have to worry about, was that his account?
Well, that would be kind of embarrassing if it was his account.
And then he would come in here and tell me that their prices were too high.
And they were charging like twice what you could buy the stuff in public sport.
I don't want to mention, um,
and more.
They'd go out of business sale.
It was.
Yeah, it's called, and more.
Your,
and super store.
And it says in the bottom of the page here,
we couldn't have done it without the Humper, whatever that means.
Right after it says going out of business sale, what does that mean?
Defaulted in the spots, too.
That didn't help.
Hey, listen, if you think I'm going to lay off on the morning and afternoon shows on this station,
look what happened.
I finally started really ripping them and asked,
they went through the roof.
That's right.
We need, you know, I heard Hank that one day he was kind of a little cranky about the fact that we rip each other on this station.
That's what the audience wants.
They don't want that ass sucking that goes on too much.
We got plenty of other ass suckers in this town.
Ass suckers are a dime a dozen of FATSO.
You know what I'm saying?
Hey, stupid.
Yeah.
They want a little fighting this.
They want a little, you know.
And of course you don't have to make it up on your own station like yesterday.
Hank's all worked up about that ball game between the Orioles and the
National Team, which we're not mentioning that word on this show anymore.
Well, I'm not.
Great.
Well, today is Cinco de Mayo, but that's a Mexican holiday.
Yeah, no problem.
I think it was great Mexicans like Luis Miguel and anybody else.
Any other great Mexicans?
No.
Luis Miguel and, um, uh, huh?
There must be somebody.
There must be some other great Mexican goddammit.
Can you name one?
Can you name one great Mexican?
No.
Come on beside Luis Miguel.
There's going to be somebody.
We have any Mexicans in this town.
Although I did notice yesterday in the paper it's at all Cinco de Mayo taking off big in this town.
Why?
Why is that?
Probably done in the Redlands,
Lee your city.
You mean the great pickers down there?
We have, I bet you we got some Mexicans in this town who are like real upstanding citizens.
He's laughing, by the way.
That's because he's a f***.
Eight minutes past 10 at 560 WQM.
We got a short show today.
We got the Marlins.
By the way, nice school at Marlins.
I want to point out the consistency is what life is all about.
They are four and 14 at home, two and seven on the road.
Six and 21 overall.
But you notice it's exactly the same ratio, two and seven, four and 14.
And of course the fact that they played 18 home games the only nine on the road doesn't bode too well for, you know, six and 21 right now.
It could be like eight and 35 before too much longer.
So this afternoon 1230 the pregame show won a clock.
The Milwaukee Brewers who have now won what is it?
10, 11 in the row, 11 in the row.
Against the Marlins.
Milwaukee Brewers over at P.P. Park against our Florida Marlins.
Any interest?
No.
What's the matter?
No.
Please listen, it's not on TV.
Will you listen?
No.
We paid you $100.
What do you listen?
No.
If we paid you $5,000.
No.
Speaking of big cash, if you want to win some big cash head for Hollywood Seminole Gaming,
where winners have recently walked away with big fat six figure jackpods.
Oh, can you see that they have fake?
They don't swim up, they don't even shake.
I don't know why some people will stand on a rubbery path.
I don't do that.
I don't do that.
That would turn into a down-down path.
It's like you've got your find out.
The nature's a party-weigher.
I don't do that.
And then I'll scream.
I'll let you throw a song you like you feel.
Like the tigers on your saw.
They feel the same.
All right.
And the last song is full.
Our film was called Sixth Secret too.
It's from a text that makes those rubber movie models and play.
From guy days that they like it that way.
But I just can't understand.
Why they like to speak my rubber face?
And buy product from the L.
And okay, another thing.
I can't stand it when they look that way.
The way you hold is the ugly song.
You'll get the awesome.
I don't mind if they head it down.
As long as I can speak one of my mouth.
And when I cover up the air.
I want my hands on the same song.
And when I cover up the air.
I want my hands on the same song.
Yeah, I got my hands on something soft right now.
1015 to 560 WDQM.
So they got beard, they got soda, they got what?
I'm talking about **** and more.
Out of business and more.
Full page color and what I tell you one thing.
What does that mean when you can afford?
You know how much money that must cost?
Huh?
What is this? The sunset nor the hero?
Or are they keeping it?
I don't even know.
Well, it's one of the two major papers here.
That cost I believe about five grand at least.
Huh? Yeah.
And of course it's multicolor.
It's like red and yellow and black.
Anybody out there fill in the black?
On and more.
They're going out of business.
Having a big sale.
Let's give them a big plug.
Okay.
Try to make up for those bad spots they paid for on the station.
25% off.
Now they're getting those prices down there.
If they were giving you these prices in the first place,
they might not be going out of business.
But, um, and more.
25% off in all wine, beer and spirits.
They got wine, they got sodas, they got stuff to drink.
50% off in all cigars food more.
We better not say that because nickel get all better.
You don't care.
See there they go again,
giving those cheap cigars spots on here.
This isn't even a paid spot.
This is just a plug for our friends at
and more.
Hurry, everything must go.
They got three locations.
I haven't sure a 21-0, uh,
210-55, this game, Boulevard,
South of Gulf Stream Park.
Port Lauderdale, 17-40 North Federal Highway,
behind Piroledding Port,
and Pembroke Pines,
118-54 Pines, uh, Boulevard,
uh, Cross-Pembroke Lake Small,
right at Flamingo.
Is that a pretty good spot?
Huh?
It's not even a paid commercial.
I'm just trying to plug our friends at
more because I feel bad they're going out of business
because they advertise on the wrong shows.
Huh?
Well, seriously, it's his right on the bottom of the thing.
It's got an asterisk, he said.
We couldn't have done it without you, Hank.
Huh?
That's right on the page.
That was fun.
Yeah.
Just a joke.
He just gets so sensitive and emotional.
And of course, he's already got enough problems for
Humber because he's got to come on after the Marlin game.
Today, wow, I wouldn't wish that on anybody.
That'll bring them back down to Earth after the day you fork.
Weekend, beyond the, you know, Kentucky,
Derby Telecast, ABC, all that stuff.
Sitting in there with Jim McKay watching,
watching Jim McKay with his trembling hands.
How would you like to have seen before he bit the big one?
Howard Co. Sell trying to shake hands with Jim McKay.
You think they ever actually touched any flesh?
Do you think they ever was, you know,
and how about like a three-way with Muhammad Ali?
Janet Reno and Michael J. Fox.
Oh, there he goes, making fun of people's at now.
I mean, it's one of those things.
It's not easy to shake somebody's hand.
What about the Pope?
Yeah, I'll get him in there too, okay?
Now, don't get a guy in a dress in.
I know, start wondering.
He might shake something else.
Here's Miami Lakes. Hello.
You got it.
Yes, sir, speaking.
Yeah, I got a candidate for your great Mexican category.
Okay.
His name's Jose Cuervo.
Are you familiar with him?
No.
Never heard of him.
Jose Cuervo?
You've got it, baby.
Well, who's that?
What kind of cigars does he make?
He makes tequila flavor cigars.
Yeah.
Yeah.
He makes tequila?
That's right.
A meal.
Yeah.
Can I call somebody a dish bag?
Okay.
5-6705-60, Pont 5-60 on a mobile one line.
It's Tinko de Mayo.
Come on, what's wrong with you people?
Let's honor the great Mexicans of the world.
Well, why do you give me a look like that?
You are so anti-Mexican just because you're a professional f***ing, you know,
which we don't say on the ear anymore,
because we're sick and tired of that crap.
Oh, two great letters to the editor, by the way,
and which paper, the Harold?
About that business over at Miami International.
See, if I never flew out of Miami International,
but I happen to be one of the most frequent customers,
I should have a frequent magazine buyer card for Miami International,
because I buy every tabloid.
Before we get on any trip,
going to Toronto, going out of town, going anywhere, going to Europe,
you buy all the tabloids, which is a lot of crap,
but it's fun reading.
Kills hours.
It's great.
And I just pick up whatever they got.
The examiner, the tatler, the sun, the inquirer.
I just pick them all up.
But boy, they got some hootspull over there.
There's a maniac.
He's right-wing f***ing s*** over there.
Trying to censor the stuff.
So there's a Bradley Berkman in Miami Beach,
and Doug Williams in Miami.
I'm not going to waste the time reading these letters to the editor this morning,
but right on target about these assholes trying to, like, you know,
little individual censors we got in this town.
Yeah, bring back that goddamn censorship board for the movies,
for everything, for books, for magazines.
That's what we need.
We'll have the cat-liquely deciding what you can read,
and what you can't read, and what you can listen to,
and what you can touch.
As in...
Brackdom.
Oh, yeah, they like that.
Okay, it's a f***ing s*** and more going out of business.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Mobile in Miami?
Let's try it again.
Hello?
Yes, I had to send you to you, but with Miguel,
he's not Mexican, he's a Puerto Rican.
No, he's not.
He was born in Puerto Rico, but he's not Puerto Rican.
Well, he was born in Puerto Rico.
He was born what?
And his...
Puerto Rico.
His father was Mexican, his mother was Italian.
So he might have a little Puerto Rican in him, but that's his business.
See, there you go again, or start...
Now this guy must have been a professional.
It's like you.
He's not Puerto Rican, he was born in Puerto Rico.
Oh, there was Luis Miguel.
Oh, yeah, he's Puerto Rican.
No, he's not.
Oh, man.
Just because you hate the Puerto Ricans, and you can't...
I know.
I'm not the one that hates Puerto Ricans.
That's you.
I love the Puerto Ricans.
I have no problem with the Puerto Ricans.
I don't even know any Puerto Ricans, to be honest with you.
If we got any Puerto Ricans in the audience, call right now, okay?
And call your just stupid...
Whatever that word is.
Just don't know what it would meant, because you're the Puerto Rican,
and then you won't be able to...
So what's in that store?
Is it...
And more?
Well, we got plenty of things we're bleepin' today.
Come on, let's hear some Puerto Ricans today,
and I'll stick with it in my own day.
Well, now, what's the...
What's the big Puerto Ricans holiday?
Well, there must be something.
What do they celebrate?
National Switchblade Day?
They must have a day for something.
But what's the claim to fame for Puerto Rico?
Mexico, like the guy said, it's the killer.
It's Luis Miguel.
It's like a polco, those sunny beaches.
What's Puerto Rico's claim to fame?
Besides, they want to be the 50th-state, and we don't want them.
What's their claim to fame?
Besides, the Bronx.
Here's the mobile and four-letter deal.
Hello?
Yeah, I think the name of that place is
Debitges and Krishmour, I think.
I think I've seen it in the last few years.
Outstanding, sir.
Excellent job.
Yes, thank you.
No wonder they went out of business.
Oh.
Okay.
I wonder what ever happened, by the way, to that.
More on.
Yeah.
Won't hear him no more on this station.
Except maybe on some of those awful weekend ESPN shows.
Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty.
We're searching for Puerto Ricans today.
Come on, let's hear a little pride.
A little nationalistic pride.
Though they don't have any.
Here's sunrise.
Hello?
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I think that the store and more is...
And more, yeah.
Right, just going out of business in Florida,
because they've got places in California and so forth.
But maybe they're not over priced over in California.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
I mean, when you can go into publics and buy the same...
...for half price.
The discriminating South Florida shopper won't pay those prices.
Right.
I caught you in a lot of discrimination here.
Yeah, I caught you because I listened to you show Monday
and I couldn't call.
Yeah.
But you were there for anybody else.
You taught my Cologne, Reigns.
I was in Cologne.
I stayed right across from the cathedral.
A giant cathedral that's there?
The Duelm.
The Duelm, yeah.
Every city, Milano's got the Duelm,
they got the Duelm, what do they call that Duelm Plaza?
Right, and you got the...
That's a lot of...
What hotel did you stay in the Excelsior?
Right.
And where we stayed?
That's a great hotel.
That's an outstanding hotel.
Unbelievable, unbelievable.
This was back in the late sixties.
Yeah.
When I was in the service.
And I realized when I was there that Cologne,
Cologne's roster, which is the Cologne you splash on,
that 4-7-11, which they advertise all over Europe.
That's the original Cologne.
You know, that's...
You buy it at 7-11?
4-7-11.
Where do you buy it at...
And more.
Right.
Yeah.
That's a beautiful city, Cologne.
Anybody that wants to go on guts and time to travel,
I would definitely allocate two days.
You've ever got to spend a couple of weeks in Europe,
two days in Cologne, please.
Yeah.
Great city.
Great people, very upscale, beautiful shopping.
Right.
I wanted to tell you about...
Great rock worst.
Yeah.
You were mentioning the difference between Berlin and West Germany.
How they saw the worst.
Right.
They used the Brochen in Berlin as a holder for the next 50 fending or whatever it is.
Right.
And they were very big on Currywurst.
Yeah.
They got that too.
And they would fry it.
I'm not too big on that Currywurst because every time I see the sign,
it makes me think of Kid Curry and I start getting like...
When I was in the service, I was stationed in Berlin.
And in order to get to, you could drive to West Germany from East Germany.
Yeah.
But they had something called the duty train,
which you would train?
The duty train?
Yes.
I think that was the one I was on.
Right.
Exactly.
That's why I thought of it.
But you talk about a terrible, miserable, horrible trip.
I mean, and we're talking about the guard coming on the train.
Talking about the train is now under the control of the police.
The guy, well, no, the guy from Netherlands, he says,
from this point on, the train was Emrich, not Mike Emrich,
but Emrich, Germany, is the...
Right, I guess, is the German and Netherlands border.
And he said, from this moment on, this train is in the hands of the German police.
Well, the thing is, what?
I just got real nervous.
Leaving West Berlin.
I can't believe it.
Yeah.
But leaving West Berlin going through East Germany, you have Popos,
which are the folks' polo thigh, from East Germany.
Leaving outside the train, the general left.
Come on to the right.
Yeah.
Come on to the train.
Let me tell you something.
It was quite a trip.
Just thought I'd share that with you.
Okay.
Have a good day.
I'll see you at...
And more.
You got it.
Okay.
Hey, let's give them a little bit of a plug.
Okay, I feel bad when people go out of business.
You know, they put all their hard work in that and everything else.
And then they buy spots on this station, trying to get a little business in there, trying to drum it up.
And then they go bust.
I feel bad about that.
I'm just an old sentimentalist.
Our poll question today is, by the way, which is what's the difference between star wars and star trade?
Rhymes with Drek.
I don't start putting on this act for me in areas like holding his stomach,
involving like I just said something blasphemous, like comparing Mexicans with...
...Port of Reacons?
Let's do a science fiction show, really.
What?
Get all these trekkies out of the woodwork on them?
No, I don't see the difference.
What's the difference between...
Like, you're sitting in there with Joe Costello this morning before the show,
and you're going through these magazines and...
Oh, please spare me the pain, okay?
I don't see the difference.
I know you don't.
Do you remember the date that you went one way and the world went the other?
Yeah, November 5th, 1942.
1026 to 560 WQM got him, I fast, huh?
Not always good, but really fast.
Regerepa canarabu di Obastado.
School, this Monday, come to the Pleasant's Ali Shopping Center,
and meet Bert Ward.
That's right, Robin from the hit 1966 television series, Batman.
She alive and in-person as he celebrates his birthday at the Pleasant's Ali Shopping Center.
Hi, I'm Bert Ward.
Join me on my birthday, July 6th. I'll be 47 years old.
Oh, God, I can't believe I'm still sweet.
Yes, the boy wonder will be there in full costumes, signing autographs,
posing for pictures and answering your questions about Batman.
Yeah, you and the third row.
Hey, man, where are you wearing no shoes?
They're not else shoes, they're booties.
The crime fighting booties.
Bert Ward will be talking about the years since his hit show, Batman,
and the impact it had on his life.
I don't know, nothing really went right after that, man.
I know Adam Weiss is doing that soft core porn at the cable,
but I'm in my mind in the shopping center opening.
Also keeps me in touch with my partner.
It's Robin, live and in-person on his 47th birthday at the Pleasant's Ali Shopping Center,
with over 17 great stores and outdoor convenience 12 hours a day.
I'm 47 years old and I'm wearing clothes.
Holy crap.
Okay, I'm just kidding, Josh.
I'm looking like better in the old days on TV.
Robin, Bert Ward, or what was his name on my three sons?
I want to look really, really good.
Even you would know.
Don't you remember my three sons with Fred McGorring?
Not Chip, definitely not Chip.
Ernie.
Not, definitely not Ernie.
Ernie was like the nerdy one with the glasses.
The other one.
What the hell was his name on my three sons?
Which they brought him back on the Geraltor or one of those shows?
Oh, God.
A few months ago.
Should never have to see these people want to get like old.
Oh, God.
Chip Ernie and Clefus.
Yeah, Clefus.
Right.
Cleetus.
Cleetus.
Here's a great fact by the way.
It's a Stracca did it all.
What a player.
Imagine line with Burry and Stracca.
I'll go eat even one better net because we could still have,
if it weren't for mistakes by the organization,
we could have Marty Stracca right there centering a line between Pavel Burry and Ray Whitney.
I like that, huh?
Just a prospect of that gives me goosebumps in my rectal.
Yeah, just thinking about that.
Was it Robbie?
Robbie, there you go.
Thank you, whoever called him.
Thank you.
That's enough.
All you faggot.
I mean, Robbie, what was his name?
Who played him?
Tom Grady.
Oh, man.
I have to think long and hard about that one.
Tom Grady or Bert War.
Well, of course, Tom Grady never wore those tight green tights that Robyn did.
What do you think about two guys who live together like that?
You know, the older guy and the younger one who live in the slide up and down grease poles all the time.
I always wondered about Alfred, though.
I, you know, I wondered if Alfred used to like hide in the closet.
Maybe he had like a little people.
Here's the mobile and Cooper and glory city.
Hello.
Happy Fico de Mayo meal.
And back to you.
Batman, it was a gay show.
It was definitely.
Yeah, definitely.
I've got three famous nights to come for you.
All right.
Here we go, number one.
Number one, Carlos Santana.
Rockstar.
Yeah.
Number two.
Piber here that again.
If I ever hear Black Magic Woman one more time.
Oh, horrible.
Go ahead.
And number two, Santa Anna, the general who, who destroyed the Alamo.
Yeah, even the Mexicans had to have their own Santa, right?
And number three is Pancho V.
I don't know.
Pancho V, sure.
I don't know what he did, but he was a bandit.
Who's a bandit?
A bandita like most Mexicans.
He was a bandit.
He was a bandit.
He was a shameless request.
Okay.
The erection song.
Okay.
It's ahead of the rest.
See ya.
Thank you.
Oh.
What's so funny about that?
It's a tourism.
I mean some people will get upset about that.
Mexican bandita, isn't that redundant?
That's wrong with that.
It's like Puerto Rican with a switchblade.
I mean, it's why I repeat the obvious.
We're still waiting to hear from Puerto Ricans, by the way, as opposed to ones calling off the air.
Part of that little ass-grabbing club, which you see, you didn't know that you're a f***ing
grand-tongue-round with Puerto Ricans.
I'm telling something.
They're not as uptight and bigoted in the, you know, I'm telling you the condition, as you are.
56670560, pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Let's all go over to f***ing more and buy some sodas and some beer and have a big party.
Well, speaking of party, by the way, since we got that big Marlon game coming up, we haven't lunch from Chuck today.
I hope, like that salad you were talking about, that whatever the thing is with the meat and the cheese, that would be real good.
I'll get it.
W-Q-A-M.
Like I said, I would have gotten it.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Parativa, parabajo, fidel, paus, cará.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that.
Go get a life.
Okay.
Get a search party out and go get a life.
Here's a mobile in Haya-Lia.
Hello.
Mobile in Haya-Lia.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Somebody.
Hey, my girlfriend is a Puerto Rican.
Yeah.
And I know their favorite holiday.
Because of her family, it's called World Fair Friday.
Right.
Right.
Excellent.
And, but I'm going to get on with the more famous Mexican.
Yes, sir.
Taco Bellicio Howard.
Okay.
Quit while you're ahead.
Now, he does have a good point.
The Taco Bellicio Howard is a hell of a lot more, more famous than Pontuvia or Santa Ana.
Winds.
56670560, pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Cinco de Mayo.
Is there anybody in this town celebrating El Cinco de Mayo today?
There must be.
Was I read it in the paper yesterday?
They would never put anything on truth.
W-Q-A-M.
Yes.
Uh-huh.
I know who that was.
Here's a lady in Pepper Pine.
Hello.
Hi, NL.
Yes, ma'am.
I'm going to change the subject.
I hope you don't get mad at me.
Well, anybody changed.
There is no subject on the show every day.
Maybe I should do with this claim or at the beginning of the show.
The subject is whatever.
Okay.
I need your help because it's Mother's Day coming up.
Yes.
And I'm a Mother of Three.
And I am looking for them to get me some kicked butt chocolates.
And I know you had mentioned a few times in the past.
There are Gina Batches from Meloranzos.
There are Gina, okay.
Okay.
What else?
What do you mean what else?
How much chocolate do you want to eat?
You want to let's go to the...
You know, you had mentioned a couple of brands.
There are one you can only get in Las Vegas, I think.
F-O-M.
What's it called?
F-O-M.
F-O-M.
It's not only in Las Vegas, but they have two big stores in Las Vegas.
One in the start-up casino.
Okay.
And one right next to the Imperial Palace.
F-O-M. Well, that's good.
In fact, they've got a butter crunch.
Do you know what I'm talking about?
Yes.
Oh, the F-O-M makes a butter crunch that I'm addicted to.
It's so good that I could just die from it.
I could just sit there and eat two or three pounds
and die with a big smile on my purse.
Uh-oh.
So where are they going to get that between now and Sunday?
Well, there's this company out called Federal Express.
Right.
And for the right price, you can get anything overnight, baby.
Federal Express.
I think I've heard of them, yeah.
And what about the Diabah?
You're not a big diabah here?
The Diabah is okay.
I mean, it's highly overpriced.
Although, ethylems are expensive too, but the Diabah can get anywhere, you know?
Okay, but ethylems worth the price.
Ethylems really good.
If you like those butter crunch, trust me.
You'll love those.
Thank you.
I'll bring your flowers.
I'll put some flowers on your tombstone.
Oh, my God.
Sounds great.
But what a way to go.
Okay, have a happy one.
I'll be right back.
Okay, ethylems.
Anybody know where we get some ethylems out of them in Las Vegas?
Oh, that's good candy.
That's our poor person today, by the way, who makes the best candy?
I do like a diabah.
Huh?
But it is overpriced.
You find a good diabah like in real, real upscale shopping malls, you know?
I mean, real artsy, fartsy.
Like in the Eaton Center in Toronto, they got a good diabah chocolate.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on a mobile online.
Boy, these people are really boring, you know?
I mean, they're dead heads.
Just about as much fun as going to...
...and more and paying too much for soda and beer and wine, stuff like that.
They do have stuff to drink over there, by the way.
22 before 11 at 5.
Well, I just saw that ad.
Somebody pointed the ad out to me and I feel bad, okay?
Because I know that they spent a lot of money on this station.
We are very, some of us are very conscientious.
We want to do a good job with responses.
And when you see somebody going out of business, even though they were to sponsor a mine,
I never did any endorsements for them.
Better late than ever.
Maybe I can, you know, maybe I can salvage them or something.
Maybe we can get a big run on that place called...
...and more.
Hey, here's a place you ought to be running to and that's...
May 5th.
Think I'll do my...
Long Mexican National holiday.
Home stations are giving away trips to cancels.
Some are giving away trips to Mexico City.
But who are we offering in Mexico to use?
That's right.
We are giving away Mexicans.
Real live Mexicans.
I...
...guramba.
We'll be smuggling illegal aliens across the border in the real world of the station van.
Then we'll give one to you.
Him mansion or own.
Personal Mexicans.
They'll wash your car.
In your house.
In your car.
Anything to want.
Because if they don't, you'll have them deported.
Audio's ambiguous.
Leave a head color when you hear this song.
And win a Mexican.
Members of this station and their families are not eligible to own Mexicans.
Fading in delos into Mexicans, his winner's responsibility.
Station assumes no liability for infectious diseases carried by Mexicans.
Now the break. Think of your myo with your own home.
Every day with your very own Mexican.
People will think of me.
Okay, 1043 in an honor of El Sincu de Mayo Day, we ought to be ordering a Mexican tradition.
Mexican cuisine like Taco Bell.
Which Taco Bell has got nothing to do with Mexico.
What is Mexican cuisine?
I mean burritos are Mexican.
Right?
Tacos.
Oh, they are.
It's not the same type of thing.
Oh, what do you mean by that?
I mean, it's very refined.
How about all these Mexican restaurants like Carlos and Pepe's and all of those closer to it?
Huh? Is that like the real thing?
Is that the emissaries that like Americanized bastardized like they do in this country with virtually every kind of ethnic food that they come up with?
Like Italian?
Yes, that.
Well, what passes for Italian food in this country?
So, I'm talking to you in Rome, they would laugh.
They would laugh most of these people right off the street.
They would laugh them right out of business, even at f***ing and more.
WQAN.
Yeah, I was on hold. I got cut off.
Okay, hang on.
Uh, wait, where you call from?
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
You know, that's what I am when you go out there and you run out of money.
You think it's typical Florida guy? I got that free candy.
Right, that's like in Hershey, Pennsylvania to give you a tour.
But of course, that's the marginal chocolate compared to the FLM.
Yeah, that's great.
Have you ever had the buttered whatever I was just talking about?
No, I just, I don't remember. I might have had it.
Oh, man.
But they got some great stuff like that.
What are you saying?
And they got a wholesale store. You can just buy this stuff right there.
A wholesale store?
Yeah, right there in the plant, in the factory.
Are you serious? Now, how far out of town is it?
I'm sorry about the 20 minutes, 25 minutes.
They have tours, just regular tours.
The next time I'm in Vegas, I'm going to go there.
Okay, hey, I got a half out of famous Mexican, Mago Labor.
Okay, thanks.
Okay, like I said, quote, while you were ahead,
there's got to be famous Mexicans. I mean, they're in a country with that many
millions of people teaming, starving.
I would have always liked to visit Mexico, but I keep hearing all these.
I guess it's too late. Maybe once upon a time, it was safe to go there.
But everybody tells me I keep reading these horrible things about people that go there.
And they go to the airport, they get in a cab, and nobody ever sees them again.
We seem to be very commonplace.
And also that's happening in Brazil a lot too, like in Rio.
Huh? In those 10th world countries, I keep trying to tell you,
South of the Texas border, not the Texas or Oklahoma, so great.
Don't pick on them, or those tornadoes going on.
But that's so great. But once you get south of that U.S. border, man,
woo, 80th world countries.
Just take a look at Santa Promotion Man from Venezuela.
Just take a look at his face. That should tell you everything you need to know.
Across between the late Andrew Cunanan and Keanu Reeves on a bad day.
That's Santa Promotion Man.
Well, by the way, when you're going to bring me that Enrique a record,
see, he comes in here the other day.
He just, his timing is so piss poor, you know.
He comes in here the other day Monday, I guess.
I'm just back from vacation. I'm trying to get my mind into whatever I'm doing here.
And he's like, how can he be a Chinook with Enrique? He's got a song out in English,
but I'd be back, do I want it? Now I want it.
That's our poll question. You write it here Enrique or...
Huh?
For the new batch, Nicole.
Well, I'm telling you this song all the way to work all the way home.
Over and over. I just keep goosebumps.
It's going to be number one. I'm telling you right now.
It's already number two in Denmark. I just thought I would mention that.
Because if you care, here's a mobile in Jupiter. Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Uh, uh, a famous Mexican.
I can't remember his name exactly, but that's that picture for the Dodgers.
Guerrero or whatever it was.
Guerrero?
I don't know. He was a...
He was doing really well.
You're talking about the big fan-ass of pitch of the Dodgers in the volcano.
His name is escaped by mine. I can see him, but I can't think of his name right now.
He's not amazing. He tried to come back about 40 times. What's that?
His name.
Guerrero or Roberto Guerrero?
No, not Guerrero. His name wasn't Guerrero.
There's Pedro Guerrero, but he's not a pitcher.
Hey, you know, the Fernando Balonzuela.
That's it.
That's it.
That's how much you were on.
Hey, you're saying Mexican banditos.
I can prove it. If you've ever seen a Mexican driver's car, they got that little tiny steering wheel.
I thought they could drive with a handcuff gun.
All right. Thank you, sir. God bless you.
And we're celebrating El Sico de Mayo today by making a great tribute to all the great Mexicans.
I think we're probably finished with a list.
Well, we still...
We said, if we had won a famous Puerto Rican yet today.
No.
No.
Who's not behind bars?
No.
Come on. I mean, if we're going to have the 50th per state, let's at least find out who the famous people are.
Like all those famous people from Alaska, who live at them in.
We just like the last game because we were worried about the pipeline up there.
And we want to tell those Ruskies, you better stay on your side of the border.
And then, of course, with Hawaii, we want to take care of Jack Lord.
He is dead, right? He's officially dead.
Jack Lord, and also, it didn't Raymond Burd die out there, too?
Just like Netherlands, maybe they'll have their own Queens day someday.
You know about Raymond Burd, of course.
Here's the Boka. Hello. Boka.
How you doing, Neil?
Great.
Hey, I've got a couple for you.
The famous Puerto Rican, Chi Chi Rodriguez.
Chi Chi Rodriguez, the golfer is Puerto Rican?
That's correct.
And you got Benny Castilla from Mexico, and you got a Lich Vino from Mexico.
Lich Vino from Mexico. All the golfer are from Mexico.
Yeah.
They're okay. Thank you.
So they know their balls in Mexico, I guess.
Golfers. By the way, is there anybody out there who considers golfer sport?
No.
I heard I know that CNN has gotten not CNN.
ESPN has got this thing out with the greatest 50,000 athletes of all time.
And somebody called Hank yesterday about, you know, Moreno should have been higher.
He was like 72 or 74 and Mickey Mantle was 37.
And then we're talking about Bobby Jones.
The Bobby Jones was a golfer.
Golf is not a sport. I mean, if you want to go out and play it, it's like a recreation.
But anybody that says a golfer is an athlete?
Anybody that would say that, that would have to be audacity to make that come and need psychiatric help.
I mean, let's get serious. Jack Nicholas, an athlete?
He's just like an overgrown child that never grew up in transcended golf, like Arnold Palmer.
They discovered they could make a lot of money doing it, and they just never found a real life.
But a guy that spends his whole life playing golf?
That's an athlete? No. No chance.
And the fact that those people would be on the list along with great athletes like Martin Straca.
They'd go out there and risk their life and limb every night of the year, like last night.
Nice going penguins, by the way.
That's going to be a great series. We're finally going to see some goal scored.
And they police in the Pittsburgh Penguins starting Friday night at the Air Canada Center in Toronto.
If I had any brains, I'd get there a lot of here Friday.
I'd get on a plane, I'd go up there and see.
I'd get some good free tickets for those playoff games.
I'd talk to my good friend Don Cherry or Ron McLean or Harry Neal or Joe Bowen, somebody on the inside.
I wouldn't waste my time getting bad tickets from you, no, who?
Who, by the way, says that he hates you like poison now.
And I want to start anything, you know, up, but hates you like poison.
Yeah. He says you couldn't do a talk show if they stuck a revolver up your neck.
He says those shows you the last week.
They stuck. That's what he said.
Hey, he could fill in guest host. No, we could not. Not on issue. We couldn't. Not for two seconds.
Oh, well, I've got next time I go on vacation. Why did you have mine for a hockey show?
WDQAM.
Yeah, one of the talk to Neal speaking.
Hi, now I got a couple of Mexicans that are famous for you.
Yes.
Cheech and Chong.
Paul Rodriguez.
Tommy Chong is not a Mexican. What is he?
Tommy Chong.
Oh, no, no.
Paul Rodriguez.
Yes. Paul Rodriguez.
The comedian.
And I think Peter were well as well.
Okay.
Peter were well as a Mexican.
All right.
Hey, if Sandy Davis and Rod Caru could be Jewish, why can't Peter were LB a Mexican Canadian?
There's another hyphenated deal for you.
We keep her in all these like yesterday. All these Americans calling in.
I don't want to hear about any more hyphenated.
I don't want to hear about African Americans.
I don't want to hear about Italian American.
Polish Americans.
In Americans.
I don't want to hear no more of that crap.
Okay.
If you're that much of a lemon, if you're that much of a non individualist,
if you have no self identity that you have to be a part of some kind of a goddamn club,
then I don't want to talk to you.
I want to hear about you.
I hate that crap.
That's the biggest problem in the world.
If you took all, I know it sounds, and it's never going to happen.
But if you took all these labels off everybody, religious labels, ethnic labels,
then nobody would know who to kill.
Unless, of course, you took their parking spot.
Because they don't ask any questions about that once you take your parking.
Well, did I mention, by the way, I only saw three dark people in Cologne, Germany.
I mentioned that yesterday.
I know I did.
That's one a day.
I was there. We were there for three days.
I saw three sparsers in Cologne.
That's one a day.
It's like vitamins.
I can handle that.
More than that, I get nervous.
I'm just being honest with you.
Like here, I come in here.
Once in a great while, we see...
There's the gacking on the floor.
Right.
Once in a great...
I haven't seen Roy in a coonsate.
Anybody else?
Do we have any other guy?
And we see what's his name?
Lenny Martez.
But he's also Puerto Rican, by the way.
He's Puerto Rican, and he's a Puerto Rican scharcher.
I didn't know there was such a thing.
I know there's...
...scharters.
A lot of them came over on those rafts from...
...but...
I didn't know that there were black Puerto Rican.
Sure.
Are they black...
Are they black...
Are they black Mexicans?
Ah, there you go.
I don't question.
Any black Mexicans?
Excellent question.
Let's put the search party on.
Okay, if we find any, we're deporting them.
WDQAM.
Yeah, I want to speak to Neil.
Speaking.
Neil?
Yes.
Hey, what's up?
I picked you up.
Cool, because while we got a short show today, you know we only got another hour and 35 minutes.
Oh, that's like a...
Sorry game.
If we paid you $500 in any, would you listen to the game?
Absolutely not.
No.
Yeah.
If they're listening to two people, famous Puerto Rican, I don't know if they said Roberto Clemente.
Roberto Clemente, right.
There's the most famous Puerto Rican of all time.
What's in please?
What are you, Manitari, when you're in the middle of the...
Number 21, Pittsburgh Pirates.
I have to tell you.
And then the most recent famous Mexican opening Dave Benny Castillo.
Yeah, somebody mentioned that.
Oh, did they like?
Mm-hmm.
All right, just picked you up.
Hey, listen, I got a good cut for you.
Isn't this named Castilla?
Castilla Castillo, you know.
It's called Castillo.
Castillo, Castillo.
Castillo with an A.
Right.
You got it.
Hey.
He's an A.
Hey.
I'm a...
I'm a...
What a George's, boys.
I'm an Hispanic.
Yeah, but you're not an Arrui...
Or you're a Puerto Rican.
No, no, I'm...
No, no, no.
What did they call...
Oh, I'm a...
Oh, he said it.
You're a...
I'm an American.
Hey, listen.
Listen.
Listen to this one.
Okay.
See it.
Okay.
Right.
And back at you.
And your mama.
5670560.
So anyway, our poll question today is, is it okay for black people to call it?
Is it okay for black people to call it?
Is it okay for black people to call it?
Is it okay for black people to call it?
Is it okay for black people to call it?
Is it okay for black people to call it?
Is it okay for black people to call it?
Is it okay for black people to call it?
Is it okay for black people to call it?
Is it okay for black people to call it?
Is it okay for black people to call it?
Is it okay for black people to call it?
Is it okay for black people to call it?
Is it okay for black people to call it?
Is it okay for black people to call it?
Is it okay for black people to call it?
Is it okay for black people to call it?
Is it okay for black people to call it?
Is it okay for black people to call it?
Is it okay for black people to call it?
Is it okay for black people to call it?
Is it okay for black people to call it?
Is it okay for black people to call it?
Is it okay for black people to call it?
Is it okay for black people to call it?
Is it okay for black people to call it?
Is it okay for black people to call it?
Is it okay for black people to call it?
Is it okay for black people to call it?
Is it okay for black people to call it?
Is it okay for black people to call it?
Is it okay for black people to call it?
How about some M and animals for Mother's Day?
How about some M and animals for Mother's Day?
5667-0560-050560 on the mobile one line.
WDQAM.
5.
Yes, sir.
I'll talk to Neil.
Speaking.
Neil.
Yes.
They said that Jews think all of themselves Jews all the time.
They guys let you do, but I can't say that.
Why not?
Why can't you say that?
Well, they can say that.
They say that's not allowed.
Are you sure you can't say that's not allowed?
How about those old Jews up in Sunrise in Tamarack?
You can say crazy old Jews.
You can say that.
Yeah, I can say that, but I can't call it a girlfriend.
Jewish.
I said, you can't say that.
Sure you can't.
I hope you dump that bitch.
She's gone a long time.
Good.
But also the thing is, blacks are talking in the store, man.
They're all calling it, like, I dig her, niggered.
Oh, then I don't realize that.
I'll fill my last trip to Amsterdam.
I never realized how frequently dark-completed people call each other niggered.
I think I said to nigger, well, not like what they do with the call nations.
Because that's the lower end of the television.
What's that?
But also when I, they did that, I go, hey, look, these are guys I know.
I self-disassured, I go, listen guys, can you please not use that word?
You know what bothers you?
They look at me and they go, and they laugh.
Okay.
Okay.
Wow.
Now what do we call it, Jamaicans?
Our friends.
Huh?
Our friends.
Yeah, I'm not.
I think I have the good stuff.
5.670, 05.60, 05.60.
And of course they're beginning to let the jerk pork and jerk, uh, yeah.
They're jerking it.
Four minutes before 11 at 5.50 WQM, there's only...
No, what you do is you get your fire.
You get the fire.
You get daddy's daddy's daddy's daddy.
My short friend.
And yet...
This thing's on the wall.
Daddy, you're a loser.
I would back the moon in my pants.
I think mommy teats on you.
Highs man man on these years.
Daddy, why don't you get a job?
Daddy, you smell like deer.
I'm dropping out of high school.
Daddy, I'm pregnant.
I don't know who the father is.
I asked the turn chick, how you have?
I drove the car into a tree.
Can you just send me some cigarettes?
Hey, Albonnet dogs for the bride and groom.
Daddy, I'm getting married again.
Daddy, that's my ass.
I think I have sythler.
Hey, Pop, we're moving in.
And butterfly kisses.
Dad, I asked the news.
I'm a lesbian.
It's a 1103 happy mother's day.
By the way, that's an honor of all you mothers out there.
1103 at 560 WQM.
We got the ball game coming up.
Any interest at all?
No.
Marlins and the Milwaukee Brewers
is the Marlins keep trying to chip away
and actually win a ball game.
Any chance they're going to...
Are they going to have more than 5,000 you think today?
No.
That's coming up 1230 with a pregame,
1 o'clock to the game,
Hankel be on after the game,
which...
I said, you know nobody in the world,
envy you.
Oh, God.
Following a Marlin game.
And then what we got to rest today,
we must have something going on,
6 o'clock after Hankel and 4 to 6,
we got...
Yeah!
...Gamandits, here you go, the mad dog,
and Kaplan, 10 o'clock tonight.
And I got...
How come the guy called me?
To complain that Ed gave him a bad horse in the Derby.
Why don't you show us a ball, sir?
The guy that called here yesterday
and said, Ed Kaplan was the son of a bitch and every...
Every other thing out of the sun.
Call him up and tell him that.
Here's plantation.
Hello.
Dale.
Yes, sir.
Dale just mothered that if she really wants the best chocolate
in the whole white world,
from the home of the Rangers
and the islanders,
there's a little place called Tosher
on the Rock of Felicenter.
It's for you.
What is it?
Tosher.
T-A-U-S-C-A-G-R.
They'll ship it to the press to you,
so champagne samples are absolutely to die for.
Huh. Do you have the number?
Oh, boy.
No, I've ordered from there,
but it's Tosher at the Rock of Felicenter and I'm happy.
Okay, we'll get a thank you, sir.
Oh, and by the way,
yes, they're the Mexican.
What's the domingo?
Placido domingo.
C1 sábado.
Absolutely.
Okay.
Here's the atol free number for Ethel M, by the way.
C.U. Aksin that we got it.
And thanks to whoever called it in.
1-800-438-4356.
I can't believe that we have people in this audience who never had Ethel M.
You had Ethel M, right?
Remember when we stayed at the Imperial Palace?
Some of those great Bob Lincoln trips.
Octavigus.
Right next door to Imperial Palace is a big Ethel M and then better than that inside the start-up.
Very, very expensive.
Thank you.
You know something.
Thank God it's that expensive because a lot of people would be a push-up daisies.
Because he too much of that little Killa, but God is that good.
They had them there in the gift shop at the Imperial Palace.
They do?
The Nazi Palace, yes.
Are you going to start that stuff again?
I hate those people.
Just because they're why.
What do they do to you?
The crowd wouldn't let me sit and eat at a little table right outside our party room when no one could find a seat inside the party.
Maybe you find out you were f***ing them.
Yeah.
W-Q-A-M.
Yes, good morning.
Crowds don't like f***ing too much.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, E-L-I want to wish a happy half-first day.
Half-first day?
Yeah, November 5th.
This is May 5th.
It's six months in.
Oh, no, I don't count by the half-year.
I don't, not at this stage.
Well, I only recently got to look in fact.
I'm not ahead.
Well, okay.
Well, thinking ahead, my birthday today and I was wondering if I could get a little mentally.
A mentally?
Yeah, there you go.
Your little f***ing.
You mean that?
Yes, that's right.
How about a little mentally?
Whether without Bobby Hadfield.
We'll pack him a sandwich.
The righteous Brothers.
If I ever hear them again, it'll be much too soon.
Well, now you're dating me just as well as you.
Well, I'm spending my 48th birthday at work.
I'm looking forward to going and getting off work and having a good time.
I didn't want to tell you that you've...
Well, that one's you're not going to the mall and game, right?
No, I'm going to miss it.
Okay.
I just didn't want to go to a sauna instead.
All right, well, thanks a lot, Neil.
Okay, have a happy, sir.
Take care.
God bless you.
It's 48 today.
It's spring chicken and this town.
Got the next half of this lot to look forward to.
Well, it's bad eating on here.
By the way, thanks for a good friend.
Chocolate.
Oh, geez.
You see that?
I just dropped a little piece of meat right out of my mouth, right out of my watch, right
out of my real nice, saco-kinetic watch.
These are the best, by the way.
Saco de Mayo.
Saco de Mayo, an honor of the Mexicans.
It's a Mexican watch.
Which means you better hang out of a real tight because you won't have it once you leave the
border.
It's a saco-titanium.
Well, these are the best.
These are great.
Which, though, you don't have to monkey around with a battery.
And, of course, it is.
It recharges itself by the motion of the left wrist.
So it gets a lot of use.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, not necessarily on myself.
And pound 5, 60 on the 18T wireless line.
Here's the Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How are you?
Great.
Okay.
Couple of things for you to fall.
I'm one of a few people I'm sitting here in the parking lot.
Get ready to go into the baseball game.
I figured it beats work.
Oh, my God.
Wow.
Congratulations.
Congratulations, sir.
One good thing you'll have that you'll have a lot of elbow room.
Like they said, you went up in Fort Lauderdale on the beach.
Lots of elbow room at the P.P. Park.
Right.
Plenty of chances to get elbow.
But anyway, famous Mexicans, how about the phrase, genuine, corinthian leather?
Ricardo Montelman?
Ricardo Montelman.
You know, I just read a thing about him about how he's doing another ad campaign for something
on ESPN.
I remember actually seeing him a video somewhere.
I can't remember where maybe it was in school or something a long time ago about Mexico.
And they had the famous Mexicans.
And he was one of like the two or three people.
How about Fernando Lomas?
Is he a Mexican?
I don't know.
But what about the box or Julio says our chavez?
He's at the east.
I think he's like, I think he's like, I mean, if Fernando Lomas and the Lorenzo Lomas who used to look really pretty name good, by the way, up until about an hour ago.
And by the way, my favorite candy.
What was that thought that he was on?
Was that the dynasty?
Not the one with Barbara Stanwirk, Calcincrest.
Falcon crest with Lorenzo Lomas.
Right, right.
Then it was the movie he was in where he was wrestling that big snake.
I think he used to get me excited.
But anyway.
My favorite candy though is, I don't know, different brands, but the chocolate covered pretzels or something about that combination of chocolate and salt.
Chocolate covered pretzels.
With chocolate and salt.
I have one word for that.
Fae.
Okay, have a great day, sir.
All right, man.
Okay, whatever you say.
Fernando Lomas, Ricardo Montobon.
Now we're starting to get the list.
Wasn't that hard?
Wasn't it?
There's got to be at least eight or nine famous Mexicans.
That's not too bad.
Well, we'll rest them more probably behind bars.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Forced all radio is dead.
So starting this Monday, 560 WQAM is proud to present the Joker.
So Monday through Friday, 6 to 10 AM only on 560 WQAM.
Here's with Juan Montobon and the Chrysler New Yorker.
This luxurious automobile has always delivered the performance you'd expect from a New Yorker.
And now Chrysler introduces an onboard microprocessor which even speaks to you just like a New Yorker.
Hey, more Ron, you want to put on your seatbelt?
Would you rather eat the steering wheel, huh?
Ah, yes.
This is truly a New Yorker.
All right, genius, you let the CUPAM headlights on.
Jeez, you want dumbass?
Oh, you know that.
And for the most dangerous city in the world, a security system second to none.
Hey, bag of brains, you want to lock the fucking doors?
Or maybe you put a fucking sign in the window and says, rip me along.
Yes, the Chrysler New Yorker.
If you can find a better luxury car, buy it.
Buy it, if you're a luxury man.
1, 15 and 5, 50 WQAM speaking of great candy, by the way, how about farmers' fanning?
Or is it Fanny's farmer?
Brackdom, something like that.
I haven't had Fanny's farmer in solo farmer's spanny in so long.
Have you ever had it?
Never heard of it?
North East.
I think they originally from Rochester, all over the Heaven in Boston,
California, North East.
Fanny's, uh, I know I can't even figure out how you really say it, right?
Fanny's Fanny.
Here's a mobile and sunrise.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You know, I think people are forgetting the most famous Mexican of them all.
Yes.
Yolkato Taco Bell, the little dog, the stupid little dog.
And then the farmer's coming there ready to beat you to it, sir.
But to God bless you, the guy hung up.
What he was going to say that the llamas are from Peru.
Well, that's where you find llamas in Peru, right?
Makes sense to me.
Lorenzo llamas is Peruvian.
Oh, I'm heading for Peru right away.
What time does it explain to Lima?
How's Tony Lima doing, by the way?
Speaking of golfers, we see also a probably.
And he was Peruvian.
Who the hell, see what I'm saying?
I'm glad we got into this conversation today because it proves my point.
Who cares what anybody, all this ethnic crap nobody should care.
Oh, he wasn't Mexican.
He was born in Puerto Rico.
Therefore he is Puerto Rican.
Yeah, and.
In fact, you know, that's, that is an excellent question.
What would you rather be?
Would you rather be Mexican or Puerto Rican?
Huh?
That's an excellent question.
I know that's for some people, like Jordan's give me a look, like that that like choice between death by electrocution or by a firing squad, you know.
Mexican or Puerto Rican, something that really think long and hard about.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Good afternoon, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good evening.
Good morning.
Whatever it is.
Number one, a gringo de mayo.
Birthday boy today.
Another birthday boy, huh?
Yeah, can you believe a gringo on that?
A gringo on a stinker of mayo.
Please sign you on the waveo or follow us, not be died.
The police, your birthday.
The police on your birthday.
The most famous Mexican is the guy who invented the low rider.
They can, now they can drive and pick heads and letters at the same time.
All right.
Have a happy, sir.
God bless you.
There you go.
Beautiful.
I guess you don't want to be Puerto Rican, huh?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60, on the 18th D wireless line.
See, you started that thing with the stereotypes about talking about Niranjya and Homestead and the
stereo city.
I know the area as well.
Meaning what?
I grew up down there in the Redlands and Leisure City in the Leibor City.
With what?
With Mexican?
They have the Mexican labor camps.
How could you explain that?
I'll tell.
WQAM.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, uh, it's fucking you.
Speaking.
Hey, Neil.
Hey, I got to be Puerto Rican.
Yeah.
Yeah, really?
For one thing when you're born, you got that a US passport in your hand, buddy.
Right.
Good point.
Always work.
Hey, uh, things like that again.
Things like that again.
Who?
Talia.
Yeah, singer.
Okay.
Thank you.
What do you say, you said?
Yeah.
I don't know who that is.
How about Cheyenne?
Cheyenne?
Cheyenne?
What?
The idea.
He must be Mexican, isn't he?
Cheyenne?
She wants you to start getting involved with all those, I mean, one thing they do have in common.
They're all, um, yeah.
But beside that, like all you Arabs.
Well, seriously, they're all a bunch of, but you don't want to say the word.
It begins with an F has two Gs in it.
But, uh, I'm like, I'd like to keep Martin.
Uh, he's Puerto Rican and Luis Miguel, who like his, uh, whatever he is.
He's good.
And, uh, Enrique, who is, uh, now Enrique, you would say a Spanish, right?
Aren't they like, uh, Spaniards?
Yes.
The, uh, Iglesias family.
And what about Julio Jr.?
What is he?
Don't, don't say it.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Uh, he's like, pretty.
Here is a mobile in Port Saint Lucie.
Hello.
Say, Neil.
Yes, sir.
The two most famous Mexicans of all time.
Hey, Pancho.
Hey, Cisco.
Yeah, man.
Right.
The Cisco kid in Pancho.
You got him.
Okay.
Thank you, sir.
See, if you're old, uh, an old fart like that guy in me, then you remember the Cisco kid.
If you're like, uh, some young whipper snapper, you don't know that good stuff.
You don't even remember a hoveloncacity in Gabby Hayes.
Part of the wonderful American culture with all the guns and all the stuff.
Great time.
Now Wild Bill Hickock.
What was his name?
Guy Madison played Wild Bill Hickock.
Boy, do I have a memory or what for stuff?
Not for important stuff.
But for trivial crap, I have a mind like a steel trap.
Raw Hyde, Chuck Connors.
Chuck Connors and Raw Hyde, it was the, um, what was he on another one?
Rifleman.
Right.
Right, right, right, right.
Like I said, he was also on Los Angeles Dodgers for about five minutes.
Do you know that?
Yeah, he was a ball player for about, well, a nitty-nitty-nitty half.
He was in roots.
Where are Rogers?
Connics?
What?
What about him?
I'm, you think of all the great cobbles.
Those are, these are great cultural icons.
The American, he's a mental entity.
Where we going?
Here's the moral gable.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You couldn't have Siko Damiro with Warez.
He's responsible for it.
He freed Mexico.
Warez, Xavier Warez.
Well, there you got it.
Uh-huh.
How about Anthony Quinn?
Yeah, Anthony Quinn, uh-huh.
Right, and the guy brought up a punch, oh, it was Leo Carillo.
Very excellent, very good.
And who was, uh, who was, uh, Siko?
Duncan Renaldo.
Duncan, very good.
Excellent, sir.
God, if we had a million dollars, we'd send it to you.
And how about, uh, Murrell Oberon?
She was Mexican, Richard.
Well, she was.
Uh-huh.
And, uh, Diego Rivera and, uh, Neliana Zapata, the great revolutionary.
Right.
Oh, there's a few out there.
Thank God for you, man, for bringing the Mexicans back up by their bootstraps.
And if you want to go to make, go to the Cabo San Lucas and, uh, Anbaha.
Beautiful.
Okay.
Right on the coast.
I'm going to Acapulco.
I'm going to hang out with Luis.
Okay.
Okay, see you.
Thank you.
I'll be there, too.
There's a guy.
There's a good guy.
Finally, it took us an hour and twenty-one minutes.
There's a guy that brings America, a Mexican culture up to the level that it is appropriate at.
Up to your knee.
So Lorenzo Lamas is from Peru, huh?
No, that's, that's the, that's the, that, an unusual thing.
How much do you hear about, like, Peruvians?
Or I'll give you one even better.
Peraguayans.
Huh?
Did we talk to anybody from Peraguay?
No.
How about Bolivia?
No.
How about Simon Boulevard?
What?
He's the only one I can name.
Yeah.
And someone called to say Jeb, Jeb's wife is from Mexico.
Yeah.
That's why his sons look so good.
Oh, I shouldn't have said that.
That's why his sons used to look so good.
They're not looking so good anymore.
Since he got elected governor, they still looking real right wing.
No, seriously, it's not because they look like him.
It's because they look like Yamama.
Here's Hollywood.
Did I get that?
I don't want him on the ear.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the 18-T wireless line.
Seriously, you know, when they have the next big deal with it,
they're rounding up people and saying the camp.
The one that was just on there, I don't want to mention, um,
Hollywood, he's going to be first in line.
Here's a Tamarack.
Hello.
Hey, now.
Yes, sir.
I got a couple of quick points to make.
Famous Mexican that none of these damn nerds have even mentioned.
Yeah.
You got your TV-seam disk?
Yeah.
What about Freddie Prince, man?
Puerto Rican.
Only the freaking Puerto Rican is the same craft anyway.
Okay.
And I got another point to make.
Yeah.
Everybody wants to send a bear to their mother,
send them a box of chocolates.
Let me tell you something.
You want to take care of mom?
You send her a big dot-dam greasy bag of white castles.
Okay, thanks, Wayne.
That was Wayne Arnold.
What?
New Yorker.
No, it was Wayne Arnold.
Do you know you read New York accent?
560-560 on the 18T wireless line.
That's not a bad idea.
I'll tell you one thing.
Killer.
Now, that's our next poll question.
Which one could you have faster about a pound of FLM or about six pack of Wayne Arnold's Royal Castle Burgers?
And the Newbie Burgers would bake it in cheese.
How about both?
How about like a little box, a nice box or two of Newbie Burgers would bake it in cheese?
Follow it for dessert.
You'll wash it down.
How about about a half a pound of FLM butter crunch?
God, are those things good.
Now, I think I'm calling them by the right butter crisp.
That's what they are.
Butter crisps.
You'll think you died and went to heaven and came back for another go round once you've had a few of those in your purse.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Morning, you all right.
Great.
I wanted to look, you know something.
I've lived down in Mexico for a couple of years.
And you survived it?
And I got barely, just barely.
But the thing is, you know in Mexico, they don't celebrate a single-day mayo.
It's not even well known.
It's more of a chicano or Mexican-American holiday.
So Freddie Prince would have been a good, we should have been more of a chicano kind of representatives, I guess.
So I just want to let you know that.
How about that screener?
What's his name from the chips show?
Eric Astraldo.
That's peddling those phony vitamins.
Where do you like them?
What do you see Mexican?
He must be Mexican.
Well, he's Mexican-American.
But the Mexican joy don't celebrate the Mexican-American.
Yeah, the Mexican national holidays in September, actually.
So this is really, they celebrate this more in Texas and California than they would in Mexico.
Yeah.
So let's find some chicanos out there.
Okay.
Hi, bless you, sir.
There you go.
Erica Strada, how's she doing?
peddling some kind of bogus vibe.
Yeah, these people were losing weight with this crap.
We couldn't believe it.
Here, buy some.
Come on.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the ATT wireless line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How about skating as well?
Yeah.
Okay, thank you.
Okay, quick while you're ahead.
Here's a mobile and peppered pine.
Hello.
And you, how are you?
I have a can go.
Vinicus Dia, Colorado Rock.
Yeah, we already had three of those.
Sorry.
Two of them mispronouncing him, by the way.
Oh, give a local way, mad, sir.
Don't get all bent out of shape about it.
All these baseball fans we got down here, you think?
We really have any baseball fans?
Yeah.
We had one guy that's going to the Marlin game.
Anybody else?
No.
Don't forget, Brewer is in the Marlins at the 1230,
just an hour and four minutes from now we got the pregame,
the game at one o'clock today.
You talk about a minute audience.
I'm supposed to pass along that Erica Stratt is a New York Reacon.
Oh, he's Puerto Rican?
Oh, that.
You're, huh?
Via New York.
That explains a lot, Erica Stratt.
That damn fact that I can't stand it.
Oh, man.
Here's a chip off the old, um, something.
Probably from the Bronx.
26th after 11 at 560, WQM.
And there's a K club out there, especially for our sports
fed radio.
560, WQM.
Starting this Monday.
560 WQAM is proud to present
Fedsforth Review with Game Bab Teast and Bud Davies.
6th at 10AM Monday through Friday.
On 560, WQAM.
7th at 10AM.
And then we are ECP IOS.
It's a rectum time.
I'm gonna kick off my news, drip off my dress.
It makes me wet when I see you get a big irrector.
That's too big for my mouth.
I want it mercenary and a top of you.
And take it up my overcated poofs to
Give me an air freshened up and nail pictures of walls.
DRECP IOS.
I want a drape car ball.
I want to lock the quality of you and to suit your oomsy.
And then I'll give it a blow.
Here's a morning gift.
As big as this, a dream sun till you take up this.
I want a wrap on this around your clothing too.
And make your wonderworm explode and explode.
That's a miracle.
And it's on the circle side.
DRECP IOS.
I want a drape car ball.
DRECP IOS.
I want a 35, 60, WKM.
I'm disappointed in this audience.
Somebody made a bad mistake and you people didn't call it correct.
Fernando Lamis and therefore his son Lorenzo Lamis.
Were they really from Peru?
One of our chronic factors is the biography of Fernando Lamis.
He's dead.
He's been dead a long time.
But he left his Lorenzo behind.
I'll tell you one thing before we got older and hairy,
Lorenzo Lamis may have been the best looking guy that was ever born.
I mean, just off hand, I might say that.
Off the sand.
One with a watch on it.
But anyway, it says, Fernando Lamis, the star of Spanish speaking films in his native country,
which was, let's give them a few guesses.
What country was not Peru?
That was wrong.
We have no prize for you.
We want somebody to come up with an answer right away.
Come on online for there.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
What country was Fernando Lamis and Lorenzo Lamis from?
Where were they born?
What country in Latin America?
Come on.
We're waiting, going once.
Four of them, you know what?
Was it Bolivia?
No.
Was it Costa Rica?
No.
Ecuador?
No.
El Salvador?
No.
Was it B.
B.
What?
Chile?
No.
Brazil?
No.
Venezuela?
No.
Please.
WQAM.
QAM.
You can do it.
Put that thing to your mouth.
Can't do it.
Born January 9th, 1915, Fernando Lamis was born in.
You know what I'm talking about?
What about your dead heads we got here?
I mean, just astonishing to me.
WQAM.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I have a famous Mexican for Neil.
Yes.
Okay.
Where are you calling from?
Hollywood.
Okay, let's go to Hollywood.
Hello.
Hollywood.
Yes, sir.
I got the most famous of all.
Okay.
Zero.
Okay, thank you.
Oh, you know about zero, don't you?
Who played?
Was it George Hamilton that played zero?
That damn bagad.
I can't stand it.
In the gay blade, yeah.
Look in the gay blade, yeah.
I'm not telling you the original zero was a new guy.
I thought I was about to serve him.
Well, that's the way before even might.
Chuck Conner's, by the way, Los Angeles, Diaries, and Lifehook.
Well, I couldn't find God and Chico and a man on there.
I'm very sorry for our Puerto Rican friends.
Am I going to have to tell them about Fernando Lamis WQAM?
God willing.
God willing.
Thank you, was it or thank you Argentina?
Excellent.
Thank you so much.
There's the guy we, if we had a prize, we'd send this guy to the Marlon game.
And then they wouldn't let him out.
Born in Buenos Aires, Argentina in 1915, Fernando Lamis,
who was with a slick as a bowling ball.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18 T.
Wattles line.
Only took us 10 minutes to get the answer.
That they're a little bit slow.
And whoever called and said they were from Peru,
shame on you, see Lamis.
That's why they came up with that.
Okay?
Lamis, Peru, you following that at all?
No.
Yeah.
Don't go jumping to conclusions like that just because the name sounds the same.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Good morning.
Buenos Tuyah.
I think I have a, since today's Puerto Rican and the Mexican Day show,
I think I have proof that yes, there is a God.
Every morning I wake up and I thank God I'm out of Mexican Puerto Rican.
Oh, it's worth it.
Here's a four-letter day.
Hello?
Accomereo.
Is it pronounced llamas or llama?
Yama, see ya.
Yama.
Yama.
I got three famous Mexicans for you.
Okay.
We got the Taco Bell Chihuahua.
Yeah, already got them.
Carlos Santana.
Already got them.
And the guy that spelled my watch in cousin though.
Okay, thank you.
Probably more famous than either the other.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18 T wireless line.
Don't want to let the day go by since we only got a few minutes till that ballgame at 12.30.
Without the most important story of the day, toilet paper or burning issue in schools, new holders costly.
You know, how many times have we talked on this show about parents and their bratty little obnoxious kids?
And you wonder why all these horrendous things are going on all over this country?
What kind of parents we got?
Who don't notice little things like barrels of sought-off shotguns,
sitting on Eric's dresser, little things like that.
All of these things.
They just seem to, you know, all those aplastic bombs and aggroage, all those little things that just seem to escape the eye of mom and dad.
Or too busy and moving up the ladder in the social world or whatever they're doing.
The Broward School District plans to spend $15,400 on metal toilet paper holders for school bathrooms at $11 a piece to replace the plastic holders that they consider a fire hazard.
Money down the toilet. It asks, this is in this morning's hero.
School officials say this is no laughing matter.
It seems that trouble-making students have discovered they can spark an impressive blaze by putting a max to the thick rolls of toilet paper inside the plastic holders.
The burning paper and melting plastic sent clouds of toxic smoke billowing into the school, tripping fire alarms and disrupting classes.
A recent toilet paper fired at Helen Dale High School, fourth administrators to close school for the day.
Students will set fire to anything said Roger Childers, a manager in the district's maintenance department.
In 1994, the district replaced wooden toilet seats with fire-resistant plastic following a fire that began a top of toilet at Cooper City High School.
They were smoking on the toilet. How do you like that?
Childers said it's pitiful. That's what it is.
Oh!
At a boy, Roger. Right out of target as usual.
Got to put in metal toilet paper holders because these punks, your kids are in their own school, setting the goddamn toilet paper on fire and disrupting a whole goddamn everybody's life.
Because of your bratty little kids that are running around in the supermarkets in the drug stores in every goddamn store in the universe, acting like a bunch of bratty little kids and disrupting everybody else's life.
So why should we be any different in school?
Let me say it again, those two magic words that I find even more appealing than nursing home, two different words today.
Fourth sterilization baby.
Ow!
Ow!
Assholes making babies.
And we can't figure out what else going on.
Yeah, I don't know. I wonder why Eric had that sawdust shock on his dresser.
He probably just pooled around.
What about they were breaking all that glass in the garage, you know?
21 before noon at 560 WQM if you're stuck.
Neil God, Ow! WQKM.
Where the fat is?
The fat is...
The fat is...
The fat is...
The fat is...
The fat is...
The fat is...
The fat is...
The fat is...
The fat is...
The fat is...
And it's said to put the bell鈶.
Is it really more the pop粉 you would want?
It information is higher than Jack Kloos.
It's not Jack Kloos.
And it's not Jack Kloos.
And it comes without a time apart.
My favorite person, you're the favorite step.
You picked the shells on you with all these balls.
We gave brushes on the pants and balls.
That jack bowl.
That's the jack bowl.
Of the star of jack bowl.
They got it on its nose.
That jack bowl.
That jack bowl.
That jack bowl.
That jack bowl.
That jack bowl.
Always wondered about the ramp on the top.
I don't want to go to that thing yet about the wrist.
I don't want to go to that thing.
That's what they always say.
I'm full Charlie.
It was a regular chip off the old lock.
That's our poll question.
That's hard.
That is really hard.
560.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
William Prawley, who was on I Love Loosely, who played the Fred Merch.
F.O. Merch was Vivian Vance in your pants.
And of course Desi Arneza was a f***ing.
560.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Yes sir.
Alina.
Alina.
Alina or Serena?
Alina.
Alina.
I'm so sorry that I brought it up.
It's better than talking about f***ing like we did yesterday.
They're out.
Here's Miami.
Yes sir.
I think they're passing.
I'm not sure.
That's kind of weird.
Anyways, you were talking yesterday about the Cuban banning the cigar.
This guy say f***ing.
The Indian failed the cigar.
In a way, they're doing the same thing that they hate the bearded one for.
The communist censorship.
They're trying to bring it over here.
But they didn't mind what Batista did.
She was okay then.
Well, we're not a doubt.
This is becoming very bad out of what republic not ours anymore.
You know, toilet paper things?
I don't even know why they bother having those rings.
You have a mizahico here in South Florida.
But I'm sure George comes out for this.
I don't know anybody who's brave enough to take a crap in our public school bathroom.
Why is that?
Why is that?
I've seen things in public school bathrooms that I couldn't believe emanated from a human.
If you can believe they're worse than our restrooms here.
They are.
Our restrooms here aren't bad.
There's nothing wrong with our toilets.
They have no ventilation.
Yeah, after some people use them, you don't want to go in there.
So, others, they smell like a toilet.
They pee all over the place.
They smell like a sewer.
And there's like splotched, wet, like, you know, when kids throw like wet toilet paper in it hardens.
And it looks like plastic.
When it gets hard, yeah.
Yeah, it's all over the place.
And, you know.
Well, what kind of scumbags are we raising in these schools today?
What the hell is going on?
I don't want to sound like some old funny dutty.
But what kind of parents are raising these aberrant children?
Cool, you know.
Oh, okay, thank you.
We don't even need to get a license or anything to have a kid.
I mean, any idiot can have a kid, right?
Right. There you go.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
Okay, we're going to move.
We're going to move to Cologne, Germany, where we're going to move.
And then you'll march, you'll go step to a different drummer.
I'll tell you that right now.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, POM 5.
Seriously, I don't know what kind of people you are that raise these kids.
They let them just run rough shot over everything.
You go into the market, you go, I've told these stories.
I know it gets really ponderous.
But it gets on everybody's nerves.
We're all sick and tired of it.
You're ready, little, snotty kids that are running around, grabbing stuff,
and tossing stuff, and eating food in the goddamn supermarket,
and poaching you around with crap.
Good smack on the side of the head.
A good whack. That's what they need.
Forget about Dr. Spock. He's dead.
Forget about Mr. Spock.
Well, we never even got into that today.
We'll do that tomorrow.
Star Wars and Star Trek rhymes with Dreck.
Oh, please.
There are me, the pain, okay?
The only reason that you're not as embarrassed as
because we don't have a word like Trek easy yet to describe
the Star Wars groupies.
Let's make one up.
How about assholes?
How about no-lives?
We'll all do a apology to George and Joe Castello.
And everyone else in the world.
He's got an excuse.
He shaved his nuts.
So it's obviously having some kind of adverse effect
on where his brain used to be.
But in your case, what's your, oh, I know, your excuse is your, uh,
here's a mobile and Hollywood.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I've got a famous Mexican guy in a famous Mexican city.
Okay.
The famous Mexican city is Detroit.
It's the birthplace of the Chevy.
And the famous Mexican guy is, you know, remember F-Truth
that one marked that Arty guy?
Yeah.
The greasy little guy, that guy.
I think I got F-Truth on this thing here.
One of these.
Go ahead.
But I don't know what his name is.
He's on the love boat a lot too.
Rave Villaches.
You mean the Midget?
No, he's not the Midget.
No, he's just that Arty guy.
What about Rave Villaches, the Midget?
Wasn't he, uh, Mexican?
He was always on there with the, uh, Ricardo Montobon.
That was the love boat.
He cleans, you guys.
Clean.
Well, same thing.
He cleans.
How do you like that, huh?
I like that.
Okay.
Hey, how come down grading?
Never wore those green tights.
Okay, let's go to, uh, Carl Springs.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you, sir?
Great.
Okay, I've got a famous Mexican.
This is really a Mexican.
Remember the Gucci, Gucci girl, Charles?
Sure.
Okay.
And then, the Hollywood square.
That's it.
From the real Hollywood square.
Not the piece of crap they got on now.
Hollywood square.
The other one was, you wanted a verification on Chayenne.
Yeah.
Chayenne is Puerto Rican.
Oh, my God.
From Mayagüez, Puerto Rico.
See?
Okay.
So you got Ricky Martin and Chayenne.
That's right.
Then here's the lift.
That's something.
That's a start.
And a little piece of Luis Miguel.
That's right.
Your head already talked about Freddie Prince.
Right.
Okay.
Then the guy who spent a lot of time on his knees,
the first original Marlin catcher,
Benito Santiago.
Benito Santiago, right.
Yeah.
With his blue porc that he used to drive around out there
in the plantation.
That's right.
Then he crashed his.
Okay.
Then Raul Julia.
For Ricky.
Julia Child.
No.
Raul.
Raul Julia.
What wasn't that the Julia?
No.
Julio.
Raul Julia.
Okay.
Then the man who spent a vampire.
Oh, that Roberto.
Roberto Alomar.
Yeah.
Well, you know what the empire,
you know what the empire is always say about Roberto Valamar.
That stands back and I can't stand it.
Then you have which maybe by he's a spin to that.
Then you have Jennifer Lopez for the weekend.
Yeah.
He saw through a medal.
The ones from the original Batman for the weekend.
Georgia's taking a said no.
What was it?
It wasn't for the role.
It was a role.
Well, it was a.
In.
Are you serious?
No way.
No way.
No way.
No way.
No way.
No way.
No way.
Then the role.
And the role.
The role was portarican.
These are no meadow with two.
They are not Caesar.
Don't say Caesar.
Cesar.
Cesar whatever his name was.
Cesar.
Oh no.
Cesar salad.
No.
Cesar Romero.
What a rig.
Well, I like the way I said that.
Don't you like the way I like to roll my arms there?
Beautiful.
Now the things you wanted to get rid of the thing in school,
the difference between religion and morality classes in school.
Why don't they just take away all the different religious things that they teach in school and have these people that you talked about before?
The parents that are forced to go to school to teach kids something just come up with a class called morality class.
The difference between good and bad.
And then that way, the majority of the parents that are forced and get our maturity duty would have to go take at least a certain amount of time in school to teach the kids what's the difference between right and wrong.
Okay, and give them like a whip would be good too.
Exactly.
We just crossed this.
So leave it there to you.
Say goodbye.
Okay, 5, 6, 7, over there.
Now that guy had some heavy duty material.
Okay.
We've been through this, says our Romero thing.
I just love that name.
And he was good.
He was a good inventor.
So Tarot was from Espanya.
Chaldo was from Espanya.
And now we've come like Barthalona where they speak with the list Barthalona.
I don't know.
Now what about Enrique is that his story is he from Barthalona?
I love you Enrique.
By the way, I haven't forgotten about you.
How come Staddon bring us that disc today because he's shown you several people call to say about Staddon.
Yes, but he was a he was actually a relative of Jose Martí.
Oh so he was a wow.
So out of west now why don't we build a statue to him, we could all agree on that.
Sure.
in his Joker outfit, it does not affect.
He was great as the Joker.
Okay now, who did you like better?
Do you like Burgess Meredith?
Say Sato Merro.
Who we are, Frank Gorshin.
He was good.
He's also dead by the way.
Aren't they all dead?
Cesar Romero is dead.
Burgess Meredith is dead.
Frank Gorshin died at a very early age.
A premature death.
Who else was in there?
Who were some of the other, who was the cat women?
Eartha-kit and-
Eartha-kit, is she dead?
No.
Damn it.
She wants bit somebody on the living room.
Do you remember that Eartha-kit wants bit somebody
on the lip, that crazy bitch?
You ever see Eartha-kit and Johnny Mathas together, by the way?
I'm positive it's the same person.
W-Q-A-M.
Yeah, a bunch of V-A-I-K-I-M.
Yeah.
Okay.
We got them by the short hairs.
Good leader.
Okay.
Definitely to your leader.
W-Q-A-M.
Yeah, I'll be forgetting our biggest Mexican imports
for Nando Valenzuela.
We already had his fed-ass.
Thank you, sir.
We already had an effect.
And actually, I'm glad is the guy called about that
because if I wouldn't have a recall that today,
it would have probably slipped away from my memory forever.
It's been fed-
Not dead yet.
Ants he is.
Somebody said he wasn't doing that.
Frank Gorshin, I would bet you a lot of your money.
That Frank Gorshin is dead as a doormail.
Are you sure?
Are you positive?
Are you sure?
Oh, that's what the guy said.
Well, be there.
I think he's right, though.
I think I saw him on TV.
Not so long ago.
Frank Gorshin is alive.
He's still drunk and stumbling around.
Like William Holden?
He's dead.
Let me say it again.
The great actor's, I don't want to get into this today
because we only got 35 minutes.
We got that stupid ball game.
Just when the show is getting hot, baby.
Just when we're getting rolling here.
Just when we're really getting into it heavy duty,
when the audience finally is catching on
to what we're talking about.
Now we got to say goodbye in 35 minutes
because we got a stupid goddamn Marlon game.
Dave O'Brien was right.
You see what Dave O'Brien said in the paper this morning
that then I always loved Dave O'Brien.
He said about the Marlon.
They stopped.
At a boy, Dave.
Tell it like it is.
Don't sugarcoat it for anybody.
Joe Angel, he's okay.
He's still doing his John Miller acting class.
But Dave O'Brien is great.
We love Dave O'Brien, right?
Do we love him?
Or what?
Yes.
Because he said they stunk.
Frank Gorshin is alive and well living in Connecticut.
You call that being alive?
Bridgeport?
Yeah, Frank with all.
Thank God there's one.
Oh, thank God for that.
He's good, Frank Gorshin.
Got that jaw that protrudes.
You know, he's got that thing.
He's got a thing that protrudes.
Four minutes before noon at 560 WQM, you know.
The community has got six meetings.
Don't forget to stay here.
They're my friends.
What's going on here?
In video stores now.
From the producer of Star Wars and the director of Star Trek,
it's Star Trek.
The Empire strikes back.
The Empire shall be over the throne, of course.
Eat me, Spock.
Sir, would you mind explaining that to people please?
Eat me, Bersonari.
The best quite impossible.
As the witness to you, that your empire is illogical.
Bite me, Kirk.
I wonder what Starfleet Command will say about that.
Star Trek, the Empire strikes back.
Spock, I have your father.
Bersonari, it seems they're bisexual.
No, that's just lovely.
But yes, I wonder what Starfleet Command will say about that.
Like William Schaden would say, get a life.
1202 at 560, WDQM, and 1202, that means we've got 28 minutes left.
And we've got to get that line of hair.
Jesus, Kate Christ.
Kind of crap is that.
Like I said, we just started building up a little bit of momentum.
Here's the fact it says Vincent Price has egghead and Batman.
He's also dead.
Obviously buried dead.
You remember egghead?
I don't.
I remember Vincent Price even being in the Batman.
But nevertheless, I'm sure since you and this boxer say it's true,
it must be true, maybe.
He's dead.
Vincent Price, he was great.
Like I started saying all the great actors, William Holden, Humphrey Bullguard,
Terry Grant, Spencer Tracy, Gregory Schmeck.
Huh?
Marlon's still kicking them.
But he's not contemporary.
He's ancient.
I thought you were talking about ancient.
I am.
But I'm saying, I mean, Robert Dubham, I'm talking as compared to it like lately.
People just came along in the last 10, 20 years.
Forget it.
Except for Mickey work.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Mobile in Hollywood.
Going once, going twice, they died.
They're dying in Hollywood, baby.
Just take a look at them.
Here's a mobile in Hope Sound.
Hello.
Yeah, and how you doing, Neil?
Great.
I'd like to put a vote in for, line would be the Taco Bell dog.
Yeah.
That's my favorite.
Okay.
Thank you, sir.
That's our 400th vote for the Taco Bell dog, who obviously transcends all of Mexico
on a, by a million miles, and he ain't even a Mexican.
No one said the Frito Bandito yet.
What about the Mexican hairless?
Is that, is that a real thing or something?
Just make that up.
Trawawa, is that, is it synonymous?
Is it the same thing?
I guess.
Well, let's get the doggy book out.
Should we get the doggy book out?
No.
No, let's not.
Neil, would you look up the Mexican hairless on the list?
Where's my hairless?
I'll tell you where your hairless is.
Let's go to a Tamarack.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good morning.
When is the afternoon?
When is the history professor, the Hispanic and Hispanic descendant?
See?
Are you ready for the list I got here for you?
Okay.
Mexican Americans.
I'm ready.
Sir Chavez.
Henry Barbosa.
Henry Gonzalez.
The congressman.
See?
Joanne Bias.
Wait a minute.
Who?
Joanne Bias.
Joanne Bias.
Joanne Bias.
Yeah.
Joanne Bias.
Yeah.
From the 60s.
That's right.
We hang with was Mexican.
Very good.
Anthony Queen.
Hal Vary.
Help Mexican.
Lietra Vino.
Right.
We got that.
No golfers, please.
Nancy Lopez.
Like I said.
So we're about that.
Linda Ronstadt.
Linda Ronstadt is Mexican.
Yes, sir.
When I made Hikana.
Oh my God.
I love Lagrangian.
For Ecopenia.
Martin Sheen.
Martin Sheenie is.
Yeah.
He's father.
I think she is not his name.
Well, maybe that's why his name is.
He's real name is.
He's real name is.
What is his name?
What is his name?
What is his name?
What is his name?
His name is Emilio.
He just changed his name to Sheen because he found that better.
He's in an Anglo-influenza.
He figured it would work really well in the Sheenie Alps.
Right.
Ramon Novaro.
Ramon Novaro.
I remember him.
Of course.
He was swashi.
He was Richard Pantragons' Alice.
Remember from the 60s tennis play.
Right.
Of course.
Ricardo Montoban.
We got him.
Oscar de la Olia.
He's not Ricardo Montoban.
I think he's doing that cart those spots that he has been.
I get him confused with Fernando Lama.
Sorry.
Is Richard Balan's?
Richard Balan's very dead.
Edward James Olmos.
Big Gabbopper.
He was good Mexican.
Hi, Trini Lopez and Biggie Carr.
He was Olmos Mexican.
Fernando Balan Suela.
Right.
Trini Lopez.
If I had a hammer, I'd bust every record he ever made.
And the one that's going with Louis Miguel now.
She's not Mexican.
Mariah Carey.
She's from Venezuela.
Oh, poor Luis.
That won't last long.
Okay.
Thanks for the great news.
I'll be better at time, Neil.
Okay.
Well, there's a long list.
For you see, we started the show off with very little response because people like to put down
other groups of people, you know.
My people are better than your people.
My religion, you know, that crap.
Look at all these famous Mexicans.
Two hours and five minutes later, we got one.
Three or four.
It's not bad.
One or two Puerto Ricans.
Now let's start talking about famous Jews.
There you go.
Mike Spindell.
That's not fair.
What?
The Jews run the whole show business in this.
Let me ask you this.
How many compared a number of people in the world?
How many Hispanics are there compared to the number of us Jews left?
And I'm in the line of the word left.
After all, you go and exterminate most of us.
How many are Jews compared to Hispanics?
Hispanics are overpopulated in the world because they're a lot to be told to be happy.
Just in South America alone, there must be what?
Two trillion in the sticks down there.
Four or five trillion?
Cuban is only six percent of them.
Did you say?
He won't stop.
He will not stop.
He's compulsive.
I'm trying to cure you of being a professional.
You won't stop.
You're a professional Jew.
The hell I am.
Professional Jew, your FNA, baby.
Say it.
I love that.
Did you ever see any good Cuban?
Yeah, I almost said I didn't put the end on it though.
Did you ever see any good Hispanic Kishki?
Huh?
No.
Never seen any Mexican Pastrani?
No.
Chilean the Mata Balls?
No.
Haleva?
No.
There you go.
But now, if we want to start out with famous Jews for crying out loud, we'll do that tomorrow.
It's not fair.
You run the entire industry.
What do you mean we run the entire industry?
Now you start and sound like one of those damn right-wing like Dr. Kennedy up there at the full range.
You need the music industry.
All your backstreet boys and everything.
Backstreet boys.
Is there Jewish?
The guy that hired them?
Did they got them together?
How do you know that?
Louis Pearlman.
Big Papa, they call him.
I wonder why they call him that.
I wonder if Nick Carter calls him Big Papa?
How about Mama Love Papa?
He even mentioned the backstreet boys.
He's tried to make up for the fact that he said it slipped out.
You're right.
Almost.
I left the in-year off.
And of course we left out Gloria Estefan.
We know she's Puerto Rican.
Oh, sorry.
I don't want to think she is a pain in the ass.
Boy, I can't stand her.
And her pain in the ass husband?
God.
What is the big deal with them?
They must be.
Eight minutes past noon.
We got the Marlins and the Milwaukee Brewers.
You know something?
I'm starting to get a quiver in my backroom.
I'm thinking about the fact we got that game on this afternoon.
We just had this great book come out.
And here we got this awful ball game come at him.
I mean, nobody's even attending in the stand.
Do you think anybody's going to be listening?
No.
Boy, if I was Greg Reed, then thank God I'm not.
But if I were, I would be hanging my head in shame at the idea that we're taking off these two
high rated programs, the Near Rogers and the Henry Goldberg show, and putting on a bunch of Marlins will here right in the middle of the daytime.
There's one thing to stick it on there at night when everybody with a brain is either watching television getting laid or out doing something.
But in the middle of the daytime here, when we have this gigantic signal and real living and breathing people listening, including all these Julios listening today,
and we got a stupid goddamn ball game on and even even though people from the public playing in it,
they'd almost the biggest the automotive event of the year at Potampkin Toyota is $99 below invoice sale.
Leo Rogers got anyone can release a new movie.
But it takes a true Hollywood visionary to re-release a movie that's been seen at least 14 times by every man, woman, and child in the galaxy.
Star Wars. It's a fossil of us.
Star Wars. The same story. The same special effects. Plus a view that worked good enough to make it into the original.
Dad, are those Muffins?
The same effect.
It makes it utterly indistinguishable from the original.
Call to the dog side.
Better yet, go to the bathroom.
You have to see it.
Fifty-nine.
Star Wars. See it.
How about this, the life of the winners?
Okay, 12, 13 at 560 WDQM. Martin Sheen, actor, born as Ramon Estevez.
In. Are you ready for this? Born in Dayton, Ohio.
Doesn't that make him Mexican?
Okay.
St. Sarromero and George gets one right.
Born in New York City, February 15th, 1907 of...
... in parentage.
Pedro Armin Dadas. Born in Churabusco, Mexico.
Oh, here's a loopy Valese.
How about Puppy Campo? We got loopy Valese and Puppy Campo.
If they would get married, it would be Puppy and loopy.
Here's Burgess Meredith, died in 1997.
God, he was good.
Played Jack Lemons, a Randy father and grumpy old men.
And it's superior sequel, Grumpy Old Men, in 1995.
Ah, they're all dying. The great ones are all dead.
And what do we got left?
Here's a Cape Coral. Hello.
I got two for you.
Okay, sir.
The only Mexican that were banned from public television
is the Frito Bandito in John Wayne's Lovely Wife.
Did you have a name?
I can't remember what a name was.
Well, somebody will call. Thank you, sir.
Somebody will call with John Wayne's Lovely Wife.
Maybe her name was Stay Wayne.
It's in La Caja Fall. You didn't see that.
Figures. Here's a plantation. Hello.
Hey. Yes, sir. How are you, Dale?
Great. We love you, sir.
Anyway, I've got two famous ex-Mexicans.
I believe senior wenches.
Dad, just died 103 years old.
One of your favorites. And my personal favorite.
Can't King's Wast.
Oh, yeah.
Remember that guy?
Dental's brother.
And I don't know what his name was.
I think he meant that.
My name is Amin. It's Bill.
Bill, uh, what was it?
Bill Dana.
Right? It was, uh, was Bill Dana, Mexican?
My name was Amin.
I was born in the African-Lake one.
Well, we'll find out.
And I thought one dead Batman guy.
Auto-Preminger.
Okay.
Mr. Freeze.
Auto-Preminger actually played in the movie?
No.
Auto-Preminger played on that character movie.
But on the TV show, was Auto-Preminger?
Was Mr. Freeze?
Okay. Whatever you say, and you're fading out.
And just in time, too.
56670560, 0560 on a mobile one line.
See, we get all confused here because there's the Batman.
There was the TV show and then the original movie's Batman,
which had the original cast, which were great.
Then, of course, they perverted the whole thing and came along with these
Latter-day Batman movies, which just absolutely were grotesque, unacceptable,
and blasphemous if you asked me.
And I don't care who was in them, whether it was, uh, who was in them.
That horrible awful George Clooney.
I have no idea what his name was.
He must have naked pictures.
Michael Keaton.
Michael Keaton.
And then the Val Kilmer, he wasn't bad.
He was okay.
Huh?
He was okay.
The movie stopped.
No, he was in the one that had Jim Carey as the...
Right.
Yes.
And that was pretty good.
Yeah.
Batman Part 800.
But I mean, the whole concept of that, like I've said before, it's like Sherlock Holmes
with people 100 years after a razzle bat-bone die.
I mean, it's just not the same.
It's like somebody else plays like, uh, what's his name, Peter Cushing,
playing Dracula?
Who is the other one to play Dracula?
Christopher, um, whatever the hell his name was.
Lee?
Was that who was?
Chris Lee, Christopher Leibin.
I mean, that's...
There's only one Dracula baby.
Bella Logosi, that's the only one.
Because he was doing a good stuff.
You know something that lunches really making progress.
But thing we got that Marlon game.
Are we going to do the clock or we just, uh, yeah, I guess.
Huh?
Yeah, it doesn't really make any difference.
I mean, when you come right down to it, I don't care.
They can take it whenever they want.
The Boogster is out there at the ballpark right now.
They might do the pregame starting now.
I don't care.
Dave O'Brien wants to come on to a half hour
and how the Marlon's really thinking.
Nobody ought to go up there.
I think that's great.
I respect the fact that Dave O'Brien is just not another suckle.
We got so many suckles in his town.
And there's that great piece on Dave in this morning's, uh,
I think in the Sun Sentinel.
By Alan Snell, Nox Nell.
Saying, hey, here's a guy that's not going to, uh, you know,
be another suckle for the High Pingo organization.
There's enough people working at organization already
who are nothing but professional askuses.
You know, I'm talking about they start right.
We don't need anymore of those.
We need somebody who's going to say, hey, listen,
this team is sticking to join out their 6-21.
They haven't won a game since before.
Fernando Valenzuela weighed 150 pounds 200 years ago.
So forget it.
Nice going, Dave.
Here's a mobile in North Miami Beach.
Hello.
Mobile in North Miami Beach is gone.
After 11 minutes and 54 seconds at our dime, shame on you.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Nell, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Enjoy your show.
George did a good job while you're gone.
How about Salina?
Wasn't she Mexican?
Yeah, somebody already hit on that.
She was in the beach.
She's in.
Right.
Okay.
Thank you.
That's me. Thanks, Mike.
And you're welcome.
567-0560, pound 562, the animal mobile online.
So far, the, uh, the Taco Bell, uh, Chihuahua.
He's number one by a, uh, and then the Frito Bandito.
In other words, people that aren't, uh, people creatures, dogs, animals, things that aren't for real.
Those are the most popular Mexicans of all.
Anything that's not for real in the live and breathing.
Like even the Cisco kid.
That was a good series, by the way.
Cisco kid, anybody remember that?
No.
No, of course not.
You're not old enough.
You're not old enough.
You're not old, far like me.
And like I said before, you missed a lot.
Of course, I'm going to miss a lot eventually, but nevertheless, what goes around comes around.
You missed a lot of, all the good stuff, all the great stuff on television with the early days of the day.
Television, television now, in spite of what Tom Zickim might tell you, television today blows.
It sucks.
It's garbage.
It's swell.
It's trash.
It's pathetic.
What?
I mean, it's not, it's not even debatable.
I'll go along with that.
All the great Alcoa theater in studio one and the Steve Allen show.
And, I mean, then the Steve Allen tonight show, the first tonight show with, uh, what's his name?
Who was it?
Check part.
No, not check part.
Get out of here.
See?
I'm going to have to go.
What are you talking about?
The trouble, uh, what the hell was his name?
Did the first, uh, Jackie, uh, Jerry, uh, Jerry, uh, his name was Jerry Sumpin.
Patrick.
Probably some Jew.
Yeah.
No, I don't think he was a Jew.
Jerry, what the hell was his name?
He did the first tonight show.
And then Steve Allen was on the tonight show and it was really great.
And then Jack Par with, um, I had a gingled and Alexander, uh, whatever his name was, all that other, you're right.
All Jews.
Jerry Lester.
That was his name.
You're right.
That must have been the Jew, Jerry Lester.
That's what television, what Milton Burl, Red Skeleton, I love loosely, with that, uh, Desi Arnez.
Here's a mobile in Miami Lakes.
Hello.
Mobile in Miami Lakes, another one, another deadhead.
Okay.
Here's the Coral Gables.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Got a couple of names and that's where Fiea mentioned.
Uh, John Wayne's wife, by the way, was Mexican her name was P. L.R.
P. L.R.
He's a Mexican.
Uh, he sounds like a character from guiding light.
Anyway, Racco Welch.
He's Mexican?
Yes.
Uh, it's a Tijuana San Diego thing.
I think her father was in the service room.
I'd like that.
Okay.
And I, and I seem to recall seeing a documentary called Hidden Latins that Walt Disney of all people,
hiding it, some sort of Latin, but I don't, I don't want to spit it out.
He had a little Latin in him.
Exactly.
Uh, huh.
So that's a pretty big name.
You're right.
Uh, George, show.
Thank you, sir.
Thanks.
God bless you.
Okay.
So in other words, even Disney World, maybe that's why there's so much perversion going on in the
words of Disney people.
Maybe there's this little Latin in them because you know those Latin, those hot-blooded
Latin, they can't keep it in their pants.
Oh, look at this.
21 past the hour already.
I see.
I don't know what the clock story is.
So we better do the break now because I don't want to go like running into the ballgame and get everybody
all-sucker.
Oh, gee.
That damn Roger thinks he's so important just because he's got a 12 share there in midday and
then he's like, man, or whatever it is, that he's like going over in the ballgame.
I'm going to tell you something.
I don't want to want to put down the fact we got the Marlon Brewer game coming up in just a few
minutes, but they're going to old points.
You know what I think it like?
And what's they do?
If they could do the separate daily number for this afternoon?
I guarantee you a booge right now in between bites of his four or five sandwiches.
I bet you're right as we speak.
He's counting the house and we'll take it in about 30 seconds.
He'll be done.
1221 at 560.
WQ Anne Lorenz.
Hell.
It damn near.
Kill them.
Bye.
Next week.
My ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it!
My ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it.
My ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it!
Hi kids, y'all like cutin' little stinkin'?
That funny little sound that comes right out your springtons.
Wanna copy me in too exactly like I do?
Get Pato writein' little songs about boo-hoo,
My brain's all gone.
I'm trying to get my groove on,
But I can't fit you out with spice girl, I'm gonna fart on.
Hey Dr. Dreass.
Yo, man, you bastard.
Hey, I'm not.
What do I smell ass?
And you look wet.
Well, since age 12, it seemed like I always smell like
hot-ripping gases in June, it was pretty swell.
I got pissed off when I took my jeans off,
and farted so hard, each of my love goes backwards,
like crisscross.
And every night, I'm like, oh, dinner has been torn out
my ass, fast and a fat, bitch, you ain't too fat.
Smell this honey.
Yo, it's too late to miss my girl, come on.
Don't give a fuck.
God's happy to take the world out.
My ain't it.
My ain't it.
My ain't it.
Smell this.
My ain't it.
My ain't it.
My ain't it.
Smell this.
Why you can see you're wanting me kicked out back in
June, you're high.
Said the problem was, something proud of my ass and die.
I shot him in the face with my vapor.
The worst happened later when I covered his desk
with you's toilet paper.
Walked in the stress club, my tests will filled up.
Moons of bartenders took a dump and a tip,
because went over to a dad to head a fucking agarcer.
She lifted a leg up, and I knew she was a father.
Nine and nine sent him my life, I was lied to.
I just found out my mom got all cats and I do.
My baby.
I told her I broke up to be a famous rapper.
They were wrecked about strange noise.
They'd over-crap her.
You know you was dirt when the women rushed to leave.
You'd drive the whole back, but you butt, you didn't release.
The sky and white cat and said it was pretty cool.
But I had to go, go drop the keys off and move.
My anus, my anus, my anus, melt.
My anus, my anus, my anus, melt.
My anus, my anus, melt.
Yeah, that's how I settled yesterday.
I'd rather smile your back.
You could feed any day of the week.
Well, we could talk.
1228 is 560 WQAM.
And you know we're all done here basically and I didn't have time to get to the most
important story of the day.
Minister guilty of sexual growth and you have to must pay woman $116,800.
You see this?
Father Connie, Reverend Connie, so-stricken.
Never trust a guy named Connie, even Connie Mack, okay?
We'll save that for tomorrow.
Heavy duty stuff.
Okay, let's do Miami real fast.
Hello?
Miami?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yes, I'm calling a lot of Star Wars.
Yeah.
And I want to just say that Star Wars is different from Star Trek because it's more like a regular
movie with people and it's just set in space where Star Trek is worth.
It was real people like Obi-Wan Kenobi people like that.
Well, I'm saying Darth Vader.
Newman with regular character, good versus evil.
We're going to say not Star Trek where it's just a search for aliens.
Search for a life for Bill Chatman.
I don't know where he is.
Mr. Spock.
Search for ears from Mr. Spock to replace those bad ones.
I mean, if you compare it to I just feel like Star Wars is better.
That's just amazing.
I'll go along with that.
Thank you, sir.
God bless you and that damn little of what's in there.
He's not in the movie.
Oh, no.
Thank God.
Not because-
That damn fact, I can't stand him.
So that's going to do what you mean to say.
We got to get out of here for the ball game and I'm like, oh, Jesus Christ.
The Neil Roger show on 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale.
