43560 W-2-A-M-I-H-E-4th Lauderdale presents the theft of Neil Rogers.
No live calls will be taken today.
Neil is on tape.
OK, that's a very many this, but it's not.
Please don't call.
The opinion heard on the Neil Rogers show are those of the hosting colleagues
and not necessarily reflect the views of easily-backed positions.
Or the recently broadcast group.
If management or anyone else for that matter, never remember.
This is the theft of Neil.
Do not call.
Put the hand pulled down.
Just relax and enjoy.
On 560, Q-A-M.
My dad knocked me off.
He makes you and he had me up.
When I was young, the name was Neil.
I was killed by my daddy.
And what's up?
My dad knocked me off.
I wasn't a tweet.
It's not a media.
It's a tweet.
I'm a good one to know.
He beat me and he beat me to my fair house.
And off my head and you know.
We've got the end.
Oh, don't call them out now.
Cause they're gonna let him go.
My dad knocked me off.
He beat me and he beat me to my fair house.
And he beat me and he beat me to my fair house.
And he beat me and he beat me to my fair house.
You'll never hear him knock me out.
I got knocked me off.
I got knocked me off.
I got knocked me off.
So let me just mention this thing here.
Cause I'm gonna forget about it.
I don't wanna do that.
Boy tossed out of car on I-95.
Child's mother charged with attempted murder.
Hope's sound.
And apparently drugged and paranoid mother.
Once accused of starving her newborn daughter.
Pulled her toddler son from his car seat
and tossed him out the window on Thursday.
As she raced along, interstate I-95.
That fucking bitch.
She picked him up by his coveralls and threw him out
to Florida Highway Patrol Trooper Deborah Busby.
The screaming two and a half year old boy
hurtled across the median as shocked motorists
pulled over to help him.
Steven Hadad lost consciousness only as
paramedics placed him on a gurney.
The boy was in serious but stable condition
with broken bones on Thursday night at St. Mary's Medical Center
was undergoing CAT scans.
And Barry Jackson's worried about if we're gonna have
the Jimmy Johnson press conference.
See what I'm saying?
Well, she I got this TV in here.
Thanks to Jeff Cohen and the satellite dish.
Thanks to our friends at the digital world satellite.
Not so I could watch ESPN and find out if there's any big sports
stories breaking.
But so we can have CNN on here and find out if the president's
gonna get impeached.
If he's had any good blow jobs this week.
If we're gonna have a goddamn war with Iraq.
What's going on in the outside world?
Barry Jackson, I suggest you open up the window
and stick your fat ass out there and find out there's
other things going on in the world.
OK, you simple than you, Jack, as you.
You fit in loud.
You're just like those people that the guy was talking about.
Anyway, this little boy's mother, Chris Ann Hadad,
30 of West Palm Beats was charged with attempted murder
and aggravated child abuse and was being held on $50,000
bail at the Martin County jail.
It was Hadad's second child abuse arrest in 1991.
Hadad pleaded guilty to child abuse charges.
After her infant daughter turned up malnourished and convulsing
at a hospital emergency room.
She received five years probation court document.
She'll and here's the best part.
Hadad was going through a divorce and had won temporary custody
of her children court record show.
How do you like that?
She was going through a divorce and won temporary custody
of her children.
Hadad and apparent manic depressive.
It was no longer taken on medication.
Had lost a lot of weight recently.
She'd become obsessed with an ocean that a secret agency
was trying to steal her son, according to neighbors and friends.
Probably the Illuminati or the trial lateral commission.
She told them she discovered the plot on the internet
was fleeing with their child.
Oh, the plot was on the internet, just like all those great NHL
frages you on there.
About 10.45 AM traveling north on 9.00 and 5.00
it speeds up to 85 miles an hour.
Hadad threw the toddler out of the driver's side window
and then skidded into a ditch.
The boy hit the ground screaming witnesses to a police
and continued to cries witnesses race to comfort him.
Hadad ran back to her child,
ranning about pornographic movies and poor international
news coverage in local papers, according to witnesses and police.
Well, now that last part I think she's got a plot about
poor international news coverage.
There was nothing in there about the Disney connection.
No.
I heard somewhere on one of the radio news.
Obviously nothing.
Well, it's not us.
We wouldn't know.
We wouldn't know if she was throwing it out of her head.
Hadad said she'd rather see the kid dead than it'd be exposed
to the pornography of Disney movies.
Oh, yeah.
She probably saw priest.
Well, maybe she's smarter than we thought.
She knows that.
There's no fact in the church.
She probably saw priest and got bent out of shape.
This woman, she's getting custody of her kid.
The first one, the little girl, was convulsing and starving to death.
And this one, she throws out the window.
And people are worried because we're having too many abortions
because we're not making enough babies.
And the Pope is running around telling people
they've got to make a lot more babies.
And no, no, with that birth control.
That'd be bad.
Oh, God Almighty.
But I bet you the right to life is not going to be screaming
about this because this kid's already alive.
See, they never care about anybody that's already alive.
It's only that fetus that they're in love with.
Here's Palm Beach.
Hello.
And you know, good morning.
I've even been talking about porters the last few days.
You just saw a story on St.
Him, a North Florida man arrested handcuffed,
taken away for standing on the roadside
with a sign that says, SpeedTrap ahead.
He was, no, see, this reminds me of the thing
about the flashing your lights to warn the other motorists
that there's a SpeedTrap.
How can they do that?
I just thought on the blinds.
I guess what they say is that you're interfering
with law enforcement when you do that
is the technicality of just obstruction of justice.
Oh my God, his bed is bubba.
Without even getting any hum job out of it.
Have a great day.
Here's North Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'm reading the Miami Morton rag here at Barry Jackass.
Got an article there about you.
Now, how disservice it is to these sports idiots
that they're not having the sports updates every hour
on your show.
Yeah.
I mean, police.
You know, something Barry Jackass is a little immature asshole.
If there was anything very earth-shaking
and important happening in sports,
it would fax it to us over here in the middle of the show
and I would put it on the ear.
But the fact, and not only that, like Joe Sackie gets injured
and we find out, we had it on the ear here yesterday.
Right.
So if there's anything earth-shaking,
I mean, anybody that's that much of a fanatic
that has no life whatsoever, which is Barry Jackson, by the way,
I mean, this guy's pathetic.
And of course, he's nothing but a shield and an asshole.
No, there's a thing over this.
There is those fanatics who lifted the station
because I hear him yesterday.
It's sucking up the hang.
He sports drills.
I mean, it's thickening.
Get a license.
So don't listen to the, if you don't want to hear that.
We're going to hang consider-taining,
but if it's just too bad, we can get all these people.
Well, when you've got a sports station,
you're going to attract a lot of those people
who this is their entire life.
They're incapable of thinking or talking
or doing about anything else in the world.
And they want to soak that up every minute of the day.
And those, you're right, those people are pathetic.
I've said that since the day I came on this station.
And Barry Jackson is one of them.
Yeah.
And then he goes, because you didn't care.
And he didn't care.
Jimmy Johnson's press conference last week
is set in to interrupt you as a flop.
No, we aren't going to be interrupting this show
for this.
No, no, I hope so.
For his Johnson already, anybody else is Johnson.
Talk to you about what the free age is to free age.
These people just bring a towel.
Football season is over.
If I hear one word talk about football,
about the dog is drafting.
I mean, God, these people get a friggin life already.
Amen.
God.
Calm down.
Okay.
But he's right.
See, Barry Jackson, this is not a sports show.
I hate to paint you a picture.
I'm sure you're listening right now,
you little pudwacker.
This isn't a sports show.
It's the Neo-Rodger show,
which is probably the best god-danting
that ever happened to this radio station.
If I do say so myself.
And the notion that we're going to be interrupting
it to put Jimmy Johnson under to go,
boom, boom, boom, boom, like that.
Get a life, okay?
Take an interest.
Take up a hobby.
Like a Russian roulette would be good, okay?
Barry, take up something really worthwhile.
And get with it.
But see, he feels compelled to write that,
because he's catering to exactly the people this guy
is talking about.
That's what his column is all about.
Broadcast sports.
Here's a mobile in Miami Beach, hello?
Hey, Neo-Rodger, who's going to be the 31st draft
take for Seattle,
a good coming summer for the NFL?
I'm telling you, old kid with a great arm
who plays for Ishtra Minghai and Michigan.
Absolutely correct.
We'll be here.
I'm sure lots about that coming.
You know, if you thought IOD went crazy on draft day
in April of the year,
just wait to hear what goes on on this station
when the NFL draft comes a boot.
Oh, jeez.
Well, anyhow, Neo-Rodger,
I saw that cover of the herald,
with that crazy woman running down the highway
dropping her kid 18 months old,
not two and a half.
So that's a, that's a, I mean,
and the mother,
they want to give the kid to the mother.
That says in my paper here,
the kid is two and a half years old.
Really?
Oh, the herald has 18 months.
Well, I guess it doesn't matter.
I guess the next big difference,
whether it is 18 months or 30 months or whatever.
I have the younger of the soft ones.
The little, he's a little kid,
and she threw him out the goddamn window
onto the I-95.
That's sad.
And then, you know,
the other woman that stabs the mom
in front of the other kids,
I mean, it's nuts.
You know, it's so,
well, anyhow.
And people like Barry Jackson,
are worried about who the dolphins are going to draft
in the 32nd round.
I mean, you talk,
this last guy that called was right on target.
He said,
everything that I've been saying and thinking for a long time,
I have no respect.
I have nothing but disdain for people.
Hey, you think,
you think so and so,
but on Tennessee last night?
Yeah, I think,
I mean, what are we talking about?
Bitting on goddamn college,
brawl game,
get a life already for Christ's sake.
Say, one minor request for my brother McKenzie,
the Scottish bagpipe.
Have a great day, Pat.
Say, it's going to be the same.
It's going to be the same three or four things during.
That's a problem.
Just play him over and over again.
Well, let's just play it for 400 times.
If we can do it with spots,
we can do it with comedy bits.
Here's Hi, Alia.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
You were talking about the lady who,
you know, the lady who threw the kid in the street.
Right.
Well, I'm a pro-lifer.
And we're,
we,
we care about the children,
you know,
happens to them.
Tags in the church.
Okay.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
This is the fact in the church guy.
That's right.
You go fact in the church.
Okay.
Oh, okay.
When are you going to get a life, man?
We care about our children.
We care about our children.
The father of a school that your boyfriend
ran away,
is that what happened?
Is that why you're so psychotic?
I don't know at all.
What's your problem with father of a school?
I don't know.
I don't even know them.
Okay.
It's difficult.
How was he?
There's no fact in the church.
Okay.
There's none.
You stick to your computer.
How about in the right to life,
but then he fags.
In fact, there's an article in the advocate this week
for a quoting somebody from Nevada,
who says that everybody at the Vatican is a fact.
Do you think that he's a liar?
He's a liar.
Okay.
He's writing the church.
He's probably just a fact propaganda.
This is what I think.
He's trying to hurt the church.
That's what he's trying to do.
It's like you trying to hurt the Catholic church,
but it's going to work.
I know that.
See, it's going to work that way.
Because they reproduce too fast.
I can't slow it down.
Okay.
And just because you hate the Pope.
What do you mean I hate the Pope?
I love the Pope.
He's an old faggot like I am.
Who is he on?
Yes, he is.
Only I'm a better dresser.
Although quite frankly, I've never seen his dress.
Other than that white schmata, he wears all over the place.
Understanding private he wears dresses up just like a gay and grouper.
This is 5.60.
2 am.
Neil Rogers got.
My religion better than your religion.
My religion better than yours.
My beliefs are what you require.
Two of the way the length of fire.
My religion better than yours.
My religion better than yours.
Religion better than yours.
My religion and the gay ministry and racial hate.
My religion better than yours.
My religion better than yours.
My religion better than yours.
And we like the Bouddez Festival.
I want to go into where the dress.
My religion better than yours.
What is religion better than yours?
My religion is better than yours.
We have no representation of religion.
We drive a cab to make a living, my religion is better than yours.
My religion better than yours.
My religion better than yours.
To the heart for us, move to ghosts, we solder pigs and dogs and goats.
My religion sped our dead lawyers.
My religion sped our dead lawyers.
My religion sped our dead lawyers.
We will be the same, because we killed each other.
We will be the same, because our dead lawyers.
My religion sped our dead lawyers.
My religion sped our dead lawyers.
Let the my religion sped our dead lawyers.
We now conduct the bothers you, like former flushes,
do I view of primary religions better than your lawyers?
My religion sped our dead lawyers.
My religion sped our dead lawyers.
We were chosen right, our bikes and gets married lots of wives.
My religion sped our dead lawyers.
My religion sped our dead lawyers.
My religion sped our dead lawyers.
We know one of you is our brain for money,
which I think I'm afraid.
My religion sped our dead lawyers.
Let's do Miami, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you today, sir?
Very well.
I just wanted to take the time and see if perhaps maybe you permit me to speak.
I'm a pastor of a local church.
And I hear your program on a regular basis.
Yes, sir.
I can't say that I'm critical of your point of view.
The only thing that I don't understand about you is your atheistic...
What is it, atheist?
I believe you're an atheist, correct?
Yes.
God forbid.
Okay, meaning that you don't believe in God whatsoever.
Of course not.
Okay, what kind of watch do you wear around your wrist?
What kind of watch do I wear around my lip wrist?
Well, for example, a Rolex watch.
No, I don't wear a Rolex.
Okay, well let's just say I take a Rolex and I put it in front of you and I tell you that that Rolex happened by itself,
that it just created itself.
Wouldn't you say that I'm an ignorant person for thinking that that Rolex happened by itself?
Sir, you know something I wouldn't give a crap.
You're not...
You don't worry about how this planet came from.
No, I absolutely do not because I know that we don't know the answers.
We don't even know answers to things that happened a few years ago or a few months ago.
We don't even know if Monica Lewinsky was even given blow jobs to the president.
And you're trying to give me to believe a bunch of bubble machines that were written by primitive people thousands of years ago.
See, if I did care about those questions, see long time ago I said to myself,
we don't know and we're never going to know.
And that's the end of it.
I'm not going to waste my life listening to a bunch of fairy tales that are being spread by other people for a purpose,
for like taking over your mind and your money.
What happens when we die then?
You go right into the ground.
Just like phyto goes into the ground.
Just like the cockroach goes into the ground.
You go a dust to dust and so on and so on.
That's it.
I mean, are you really afraid of death?
It's not a matter of being afraid of death because...
Sure it is.
Listen, religion is about two things.
Fear of death and money.
That's the only thing that religion is about.
You are absolutely right.
You don't need religion.
You need a relationship with God.
No, but there is no God.
So there's no such thing as God is religion.
There's nothing else to get away from that word.
Well, yeah, yeah, I'm not going to play sematical games with this.
There is no God.
If you believe in a God that the Jews invented or the Goyim invented or the...
Okay, so there's been thousands of gods through the years.
Every culture has invented their own gods.
The Aztecs with the sun gods.
Everybody had gods.
You know something?
It's all just a bunch of double talk.
That's all.
But if it helps you to hang on to that, I don't want to deny you that.
But I'm certainly not going to be dying an opinion to express it in the opinion.
No, I am being 100%.
I respect your opinion.
And not like I say.
I hear your program and I am critical of your point of views.
But now there's certain explanations that are logical.
So then there's only two things.
Either evolution or...
Sir, I want to ask you this question.
Okay.
This lady, the tour kid out of the car yesterday, all right?
Are you listening to me?
Yes, I am, sir.
I thought I'm who's saying is making chemical biological weapons over in Iraq, right?
Are you listening to me?
Yes, I am.
Yes, I am.
Okay. We have El Nino, which is causing flooding and all these grotesque things happening
and people dying, right?
Right.
Now if God is omnipotent, how come all of this is going on?
There's also Satan.
Ah, Satan, where did he come from?
Who invented him?
Who invented him?
But aren't you, sir?
Who invented Satan?
Who created him?
Well, Satan...
Sir, who would answer you?
Who would answer you?
Yeah. I'm listening.
God created him a perfect angel.
Yeah. See, here we go again.
He created him as a perfect angel.
Obviously not.
I thought that was...
I thought that was JT Snow and then he created him as a giant.
He was a perfect angel.
Well, how do you explain...
See, if something is perfect by definition, it's just like God.
He's omnipotent and he's perfect.
But he keeps screwing up all the time.
And we have leprosy and we have cancer and we have bubonic plague.
And we have AIDS.
And we have all of these other diseases.
We got this new disease that we're talking about.
Every time you turn around, there's another new disease that affects the brain
and eats the brain away.
Every time you turn around, there's another new disease.
And it's Satan.
See, that's a convenient excuse.
That's for morons to say stuff like that.
God is great.
But Satan...
See, if Satan...
If God is omnipotent, all he's got to do is get rid of Satan.
That's all.
Hey, you're gone.
Like that.
Like he snapped his fingers and he created the universe.
He also snapped his fingers.
Satan's gone.
Let's have peace and tranquility.
You live 300 years of peace.
We don't have all of these problems.
We don't have wars.
Man is perfect.
Doesn't have free choice.
But then there won't be anyone to test us.
Oh, yeah.
We have to be tested.
Like Abraham, go because you're kids.
I was just kidding.
Psych.
Yeah, just testing you.
Just checking out to see what kind of a good you.
You really were Abraham.
And by the way, that one kid ain't circumcised.
Who you can...
Ishmer was.
Yeah, Ishmer.
Ishmerdrick.
Schmerdrick was circumcised.
Okay?
Ishmerdrick.
All of this, these bubble mice, these my god.
It just...
It boggles my mind.
But you know something I've always had a lot of time thinking about it because I realize
especially the one good thing that's happened to me doing this kind of work and doing this show every day is I realize how weak most people are.
Most people are such sheep like these people we have sitting on hold and somebody says something while they're on hold and that they can hear.
And then we punch them up on here and they repeat it like a goddamn parrot, like a minor bird.
Because their minds are so weak they don't have an original thought and their brain if you could find it.
But thank you for your call, sir.
All these religious notes, they're afraid of saying three little words that make it very easy.
And then when you start asking all of these questions for which we don't have any answers all you have to do is say...
I don't know!
There you go.
And people can't say that and never have been able to say that.
So since the beginning recorded time everybody says, oh well how did we get here?
And then okay we don't really know but we'll make up an answer.
Instead of just saying I don't have any freaking idea, let's make up an answer.
So let's make up some fairy tales, sounds reasonable to me.
And you know something, they could have done a better job.
They could have made up some... I mean like the Virgin Mary on the side of a bank building in Pensacola where I mean...
Come on, all the cultures did do a better job.
The Virgin Mary on a Totina pizza at the... what's your name's house?
Rosie... Rosie Riccardo, whatever her name is in Hollywood.
Lopez.
Oh, Rosie Lopez, I forgot all about her. She's small potatoes.
Here's the lady in Miami, hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, Neil. I just wanted to say I really enjoyed your show today but I had a comment to make.
Okay.
Is it true that homosexuals aren't supposed to believe in God?
What the hell is that mean?
I'm just asking, is that the reason why you don't believe in God?
No, if there's nothing to do with anybody's sexual orientation or anything like that, it has to do with not believing in fairy tales.
So here's...
Do you don't consider a fairy tale?
That's why I said fairy tale.
Here's another example of a caller just like the other of the Julio that called before with his name.
Oh, yeah, sure, sure.
Same thing.
Same thing.
I really enjoy your show but now you want to take a little shot.
Yeah, well all you're promoting is negativity on the other hand when God promotes.
Then let me ask you this.
Why do you listen to the show then?
Because you're 505.
I usually listen to the show but you know this time...
Because it was?
But this time you know you're really...
No, then let me ask you again.
Why do you listen to the show?
Nothing is negativity.
Yeah, you'll okay then go find something positive.
Go find yourself a good vibrator, that's real.
And make sure it's on positive.
See, this...
You're not fooling anybody sweetheart.
You're not fooling anybody for a second and if somebody says something that makes sense and challenges all this garbage that's in your brain that you can't get rid of,
then right away you have to...
Oh it's because you're a faggot, it's because you're this, it's because you're bald and old and you're Jewish, whatever it is.
And she just can't handle it.
She can't deal with it.
Well sweetheart, if you want to believe that there are little green men on Mars and on the moon and on the cockamone, whatever you want,
it's a free country, go right ahead and just be a bozo of the rest of your life because that's what...
Nothing negative about reality, well it's pretty ugly but nevertheless if you can cope with it unless you're a weakling in which case you need religion.
And obviously you do.
Besides there are a lot of self-hating religious facts.
Oh, there are a question about that.
That's why the Catholics have that dignity thing so that they can go there and pretend that the church loves them and so on.
Even though the church, of course the Catholic church is just nothing but fags in the church.
Just read anything you want about the Vatican.
There's no fags in the church.
Like I said, make no mistake about it.
You show me a guy in a dress and I'll show you a faggot.
Or a guy who likes to dress up.
Or both.
Wonder if Johnny Bench liked to dress up.
Neil God's out!
WQKL!
Where the faggot is!
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay.
Listen, I know everybody looks up to all the other Hark Show Toast.
But I don't get it.
Hark Show Toast.
I don't get it.
You know, don't take this wrong but how can you, you know, mix sports with real topics?
You ought to just stick to sports.
Sir, let me say it again.
This is the Neil Rogers Show.
It's not a sports show.
Yeah, but the bodily function jokes.
Who you're feeling to?
Nine-year-old boys?
Yes.
What's the deal?
Nine-year-old girls, yeah.
What's the deal, then?
In other words, you're listening but you don't like the shows.
That would you tell me again, sir?
You're not listening.
You're not listening.
You're not listening.
You're not.
There are a lot of people who's calling to tell me how to do the show.
But for some reason in which you refuse to explain, you're listening to it.
Why are you listening?
Why are you listening?
Well, good.
I'm not listening.
I'm not listening.
I'm not listening.
I'm not listening.
I'm not listening.
I'm not listening.
I'm not listening.
I'm not listening.
I'm not listening.
I'm not listening.
I'm not listening.
I'm not listening.
I'm not listening.
I'm not listening.
I'm not listening.
I'm not listening.
I'm not listening.
I'm not listening.
I'm not listening.
I'm not listening.
I'm not listening.
I'm not listening.
Well, you've got to say something too, but you probably have to recognize yourself
closet listers who pretended they hate to show
they hit me it's disgusting it's juvenile it's whatever it is and their
list and there's a guy it's almost an hour into the show and he still
is you know one thing about this professor who who commented about Miami
and you know Miami it's pretty much like you said in armpit it's
but annery public is a toilet it's a joke you know what I know it
annoys people in the old you have channel six or an report on a student in
Iraq that speaks English he's studying to be a doctor are you going to start
with this again sir you're gonna have to be trying to with his bilingual
stuff again sir oh god take a leak god can you believe this people have
start that crap with me he's like the other guy because you know you're not
gonna be on the air more than like two seconds once you start that crap you
provoke your little twerp he saw a guy in Iraq speak English well let me tell
you something you go over to Baghdad and either stay there or try functioning
in English and Baghdad okay I go to Rome eight million times a year which is a
hell of a lot more civilized and educated than Baghdad will ever be and
erred aside from people who came from this country or some very educated
people who work in the service business nobody speak in English over there
know what I expect them to but what the hell difference does it make you
function based on like living in whatever the conditions are around you and
these people are want to keep banging away and banging away and banging away
I'll tell you the living and breathing Hispanics in this town all speaking
which made me so better than this guy does and he wants to waste his time with
these or far-sitting in dominoe park refused to speak English I have no
room in my life for those people those are the very same people that are
threatening everybody and this professor from F.I.U. because you express the
opinion that they don't like because they don't understand what freedom of
speech is all about they've been here for 40 years almost now and they still
don't understand anything about this government and they never will until they
croak and they're very embarrassing to the rest of us well there you go but
this guy want called Sandy Peyton okay sir maybe you can find her skinny at
somewhere on her radio now call her up and she'll talk about it for nice
fifty five hours non-stop it's boring he's he's he's worse than the guys
the call the sports shows and believe me they're terminal 90% of those
colors I wouldn't give you a nickel for their pathetic I mean you talk about
narrow casting they're talking about stuff that appeals to such a mind a
minuscule number of people who cares about that crap about some 15 year old
kid that's playing high school volleyball in peeing Illinois somewhere who's
got a really big a left foot or whatever the hell he's got God here's my
me spring hello yes sir yeah kneels a good morning I don't I don't always agree
with everything you say but you know many times well because each one of us are
different that's right very good excellence and I don't expect a bunch of
lemons out there no exactly that's a really thoughtful of people yeah well yeah
I'm glad you know you you've cut my chain of thought but it's fine that's it
yeah yeah as far as the fishwoods concerned all you have to remember is
bokeh burgers right right anything happened yeah yeah
they all bites well doctor atkins diet yeah exactly what's thing that you believe
in and I think that's what our baby that's what they shows all about it's got
the power not just sitting here in flapping my gums for four hours but actually
being able to motivate people having some credibility that's what they
shows all about anybody can sit down here read ball scores for four hours
yeah but changing the gears a bit because what spurred me to call is when I
switched it on and I heard you talking about the professor actually he's very
he's what we have to admire you know someone who's concerned more about the
substance the style comes afterwards but we have a group of people are they're
more interested in appearances and all they care about is appearances and
that's what's important and it's not what's important is is doing the right thing
and then that by itself you're gonna have the you're gonna have the their
appearances come back later it's there's no purpose to have a bunch of
crook here in in in Miami date the fact that these old Cubans down there in Miami
are defending Xavier Suarez and what goes on politically in the city of Miami is
so incomprehensible it shows you how intractable and hopeless they are and
that's why we should just forget about them and just sit them all in domino
park and let them just eat their drink their cafe cubano until they are
going their intestines rock and just get them out of here already well most of
them are dying off and then which is a new generation right and in regards to
one minute you know because you have people talking about bilingualism but
really I hate to sound feel good but what makes this country great and why this
this country could take a leadership role around the world is essentially you
you name the group and and there's a significant group of those people here
that that live here you know it doesn't matter whether it's from Pakistan or from
Cuba or for my ran or for my rack they could be from anywhere and you will find
that nationality melting in here and that's what makes this country what it is
a lot of people well a mess yes but also have a little bit of the the the moral
responsibility to be able to intervene and say well you know we understand you
know in the long run I think it's a lot it's a lot better that way than to
try to consider this country something homogenous well let this guy wants
everybody to be just like him no no in diversity there's strength okay all
right well said have a great day pal even though it's not working here but we're
trying it works in other places like I was talking on the table about Toronto
yesterday heard that or they have tremendous diversity and people get along
and nobody's talking to China about bilingualism then you go over to Montreal and
Quebec there's another example of what happens when they start with this
bilingual crap two cities not that far apart same country one of them works
magnificently well great city other one a zoo a circus people are fleeing from
there because of the frogs this story of that they I got two fags on this from
Bartos which I thought was mildly amusing but now that I read into it this
a guy named Johnny Larmore he said beside us 98 holding a speed trap ahead
sign passing motorists talk their thanks smiled and weighed but the deputies
were not pleased the deputies those working at what police call a traffic speed
enforcement area gave them a parking ticket handcuffed and took him to a
mental health crisis center and confiscated a sign a cheap homemade sign the
deputy said it was evidence poke sheriff's kernel gravy judge agreed with
Larmore and said Larmore 48 is welcome to a sign back hindsight is perfect said
the kernel but what we should have done is put pull up stakes and move on down
the road mr. Larmore was doing our job for us which was to slow down people to
speed on it see that's where the whole thing comes in are you really there to
get people to slow down are you just there to write tickets that's the real
question now does anybody believe that these speed traps are set up to slow us
down to make us be good obedient right they're there to write tickets is what they
are and so they were forced to unhand cuff them and unreleased his sign and
set them on his Murray way after they handled this poor guy who we just because it
was a road out in the middle of nowhere and he thought it was like pretty
ridiculous that they were sent up a speed trap out the middle of nowhere like I
got high this road with a speed limit is like two miles an hour and I'm gonna say
it again you people out there that are too stupid to realize when the
porkers are out there in heat and there are speed traps every five yards if you
don't want to slow down and just go around that double yellow line and get
yourself a double ticket for speeding and for going on the other side of a
double yellow line of hey this road you idiots you I'll never forget as long as
I live that Jack has on Friday and his little girl in the back seat pulls
around me passes me on the wrong side of the the double yellow line and she
turns around he gives me a look that would kill ugly little bitch because I'm
not going fast enough to suit their fancy in my beautiful Corvette well two damn
bad okay I hope you wind up getting eight thousand speeding tickets you Jack
ass probably was a kidnapping here's point and beach hello
you know yes sir I'm trying to call you for quite some time I just need to
educate your audience a little bit I'm a police officer up here in Palm Beach
County and you guys got it wrong there's no quotas traffic is very very very
small percentage of what we do on a daily basis yeah and the reason why we
target certain streets is because we have a lot of old people with an
influential people that run the city they want us there to slow people down
but you're right a lot of times when people hide I disagree with that theory as
far as traffic control if you want to slow people down you said right out the
middle of the road with a light on but the people I'm talking about like in
plantation they really don't want to slow people down they just want to write
business well if they wanted to slow people down they'd be sitting out there at
high it is 24 hours a day and these people that are tailgating and trying to
force you to go like 20 miles over the speed limit those would be the people
getting the tickets and they're getting on my nerves but the city is good a
very small percentage of the revenue from tickets as well yeah but you know
you hear these people how come all the people that are driving all the bad
vehicles out there with the ball tires and no breaks how come those people
really get stopped how about the people of driving 20 miles under the speed limit
the left handling how come somebody doesn't pull them over I've never I've
lived in a state for 25 years I have never seen anybody that was driving
slow and irresponsibly get pulled over never that is a statute actually
of course it is well why aren't they aren't they getting pulled over I can't
speak for all the other officers but I mean speeding is the rare thing that
people fly rather stuff someone for you know spy registration or bad vehicle
whatever you want to write but still traffic is very small percentage of what we
do is very large majority officers get out and they really bust the rest
to make the city safe and so on so forth and that's what people people really
respect up professionally more and I thought I'd call and give you another
well because because most of the cops we are from like that arrogant Jack has
that called me week ago Friday that was given the lecture and the given
everybody else a lecture and the it just was obnoxious that's how I thought
that we want to make up the laws as we go along well I can't speak for everybody
but I just do for myself well thank God for you sir have a great day there's a
real cop with a you know real reasonable attitude and like I said before there
may be 20 30% of the cops they got that attitude then there's about 30 or 40
percent in between we're gonna kind of jaded because police worked in turn
out to be what they thought it was gonna be and then there's 20 or 30% on
the other end who are just about to assholes who are just out there to hassle a
public your hair is too long you're too young we don't like the way you look
whatever the hell it is you're too dark you're too light so to speak in the
beginning God created the heavens and the earth and it was good then God
created man and it wasn't bad but the masses were asking they were long they
had no guidance so God said and thought about it and he created the new
Roger show and God sent forth to me to entertain the people of Israel
but hey tonight the Palestinians and the douchebag and he'll let his blood
through the dark cold rocket turret of Miami radio he comforts the
month he casts down the elderly and banished the bell bird and it was good
but they'll rather show it's not just the show a religious experience
will I do it on 2 a.m. what's that bag of fat on again I want what they had before
these are my kind of guys what the hell are they doing anyway we're
really happy and I really think I want more risk more
boys feel high when I listen to the sports a manly boys won't get my attention
I will really get the sense of the short a sweety high boys will give the other
action I hate what they're doing on a few a.m. I'm going to miss here and straight
then with boys this high now I'll have to get deeper in that closet again so
I'm going to press all the macho friends I'll tell the side yeah there
ain't nothing like having macho sports guys his voices have cracks just
they were 12 years old yeah I feel like that the outstanding real close to the radio
down their voices on up there really like my calls and that's wrong man yeah he's
harder than my bread brother so let me ask you the first question what the
all time is Chris moron anyway we got a coxies army in here to like you've
never seen anything like this you think there was something going on here
today which they're just might be and it's a major miracle let me say it again
George Corso is God now would we be here today if it weren't for this one poor guy
that's right even our George is like got the clap in there for him he's clapping
and yakin and this man did five people's work nine o'clock last night we finally got
the last well not the last but close to the last piece of equipment here and it's a major
miracle one man so powerful so amazing so miraculous anywhere is an earring to how do you like
that so we've got the seven months worth of material to cover here and I you know
Ellie Brecker I had all this other stuff I want to talk about and then of course we got
the herald and we know how much we love the herald there are favorites and she comes up
with Ellie I mean seriously could you ever get anything right I love you you're a sweet person
but the state of hell away you know what I mean this is just unbelievable she has an article
in here this morning a little bit late but better late than ever but Ellie Brecker that
fucking bitch has got a thing in here that says I'm talking about the fact that you know there
was a few delays here over these past they only had seven months to get this done not
a long time not a long time for a project that should take about three weeks but they only had
seven months to do it and it kept giving us one day it's going to be done December first it's
going to be done December 8th it's going to be done December 15th positively December 16th
nine o'clock last night the 29th of freaking December we get the last piece of equipment here
so we can do the show see their idea of doing a show is you walk into a dilapidated old
flea bag like hand keeps telling you it is over there a QAM you sit down with a mic and a board
that Mark Coney would be embarrassed by and you flip the stuff open and it's a little bit
then that's being on a radio okay we are here to drag the beastly read people out of the stone
age of broadcasting into at least the 19th century anyway 20th would be a little bit too much but
how about the 19th okay how about those big old final tubes that glow real bright you know the ones
that we used to see in the transmitter or KAT artsmith resident piece by the way you'll be excited
to know I was a little bit down because we you know I'll tell you this John douchebag from channel
for this man is obsessed obsessed we even came in here today let him press our good
buttons and we're all over the TV all you got to do is let these TV people come and press your
button and man you get all the free time you want four was all over it Hank testicle at channel six
he was all over this thing one min de yeta from channel seven he was here on Saturday called by
the way he's both called back who did Ricky fans that oh Ricky tiki but at any rate so all these
of it and channel ten nowhere to be found come to find out and left it in her will you know and
that fucking bitch she's another one left it in her will that anybody a channel ten gives
neo-rodgers that fat fat get look who's talking sweetheart any publicity is out is out how do you
like that so from her grave but I noticed that there's a pretty cheap mic too by the way channel
ten finally made it here today they're all here the TV people are here you think that something
was actually going on then Ellie Brecker comes to if there's nothing else going on just keep in mind
we might even have to subscribe to the hero you can always get a copy of the hero then go for four
hours non stop on the crap that's in this paper non stop crap she says says a resign Greg oh he
resigned the wonder he's not here this week a resigned Greg read QA Ms. Vice President General Manager
he's going to carve me up it's been a lot of discussion about stuff he thought was major that we
thought was minor everything to him is life and death he had a lot of time on his hands yeah I've
got something on my hands all right Greg at eight time you know I'm talking about a lot of masturbation
but I mean yeah minor things minor things like are we gonna have a studio to work in that you promise
you know that mean when somebody comes to you and makes all kinds of representations you know come
to work for me I'm gonna build your studio we're gonna do this we're gonna give you all this
money and then you have to go stand on your head to get them to live up to the promises then I
guess it's only minor things you know like nine o'clock last night we're in here frantically are we
gonna go on when when douchebag from channel four was here yesterday morning and I said to him I said
you know if we go down tomorrow be a miracle and it is a miracle it's a freaking miracle ladies and
gentlemen that were on the year here today it's one of the most astonishing things the pyramids
was a piece of cake compared to this because basically what they did was they had one guy do the job
of five people and then they gave him like half the equipment which of course wasn't bought brand new
I mean some of the real cheap stuff yeah brand new but the expensive stuff came from the other
Beasley stations in places like Norfolk Virginia and Canada dig with New York some of the big
Beasley markets and so they shipped down to us a little bit here a little bit there and that was
basically it so poor George Corso had to work a one-man engineering department we're gonna build a
statue to him of course the main problem is we might not be on air long enough to finish it all
depending on a damn new that competition I mean the stupid talk network this thing you know I thought
seriously after taxing I thought I could never see any more incompetent stupid people in my life
guess what surprise first I came over here and then then we see what clear channel is doing don't
let me forget that I would do you think that's gotta be on immediately if not sooner here is the
death of one of America's most unique amazing radio stations in history in fact today in honor
of W.I.O.J. they came tax and butchered it slaughtered it riped it raped it tortured it
Harry Valentine Harry penis Walter Seibord Peter Bulger nice ass socket by the way it also
Peter Bulger started with with I.N.Z he was with that other come whatever the hell the name was
with Guy Gannett then he moved on to Paxon and now thank god he's still with clear channel as
he continues sucking his way up the corporate ladder destroying everything in his wake Pete you're
not full on anybody sweetheart on freaking believable so clear channel comes in and their infinite
they take the station that's been talked and entertainment for like the last 4,000 years and
they're gonna make it the news station did you see Mike Wolf and by the way Mike is a good guy
he's got a great voice good news man married to the boss but good guy he is he's married to the boss
he's married to run a wolf okay I think a Jew like her change the name the wolf just for the hell of it
God get with it but anyway he's on the news last night explaining the new format and why they made
the big swish between the I.O.D. and I.N.Z and about how the signal and blah blah blah and then
moving up your ass I mean Kimmy a break already will you this is the dumbest damn thing of course
we're not complaining and that stupid talk network lineup I feel sorry for suds I almost said
Rick and Sud they don't feel sorry for Rick oh sorry Rick now I actually to show you what a decent
guy I am and what a good mood I'm in from the great time I had for several months I even feel
sorry for Rick which is saying the hell of a lot yeah exactly oh man is he gonna be pissed Rick
we just still this is payback he's still all my stuff for the last 7 years why not steal one
thing from his show yeah he's gonna say we stole that too you can add a back okay but I feel
sorry for those guys following let's see four six nine hours of dead air how'd you like to come
on following nine hours of dead air mr. ego doing his old tired light bulb stick and then of course
they have to explain they have to take like a half an hour to explain to you well if you're driving
on the coast between a one a in this street like turn to 1400 if you're like two blocks out to
the nine forty and I mean what the hell are these people talking about only clear channel they have
put packs in the shame even though that packs the stocks down to seven and three quarters by the way
but they they have put them the shame but packs is a moron and he's a genius compared to the people
at clear channel so thank you god thank you lord thank you whatever the hell is out there for
getting me the hell out of there just in time and for all those wonderful times the last seven
months you know what I'm talking about a lot of masturbation what not exactly by the way we want
to apologize to the four people who used to listen to fabulous sports paid we're very sorry but
that bitch is gone okay the fabulous sports pay of a legend a f***ing bitch in her own time
this is sports radio 560 double you Q a m my heavy fort waterdale so anyway where do I start I got
a list of all these things I'll never get to and it was should we just take calls we'll milk this
for the next five years by the way do want you to know we're here today and again tomorrow and then
Thursday we got the day off because they figure after seven months two days of the time is enough
and it's New Year's Day and then we got a panda game in noon what is it baby steps yeah take
little baby steps kind of like a Greg Reed did with buying the equipment little baby steps and then
we'll move on maybe want to spend a few bucks okay chief bastard now he's okay by the way in one
of the one of the greatest acts of courage in the history of mankind it's vacation time it's New
years Greg Reed could have taken this week off and hidden from potential problems that we could
have had here from his foot dragging and he did so and he's gone he's gone all this week he leaves
it to build Tanner our consultant Bluff Lindsay our program director who's hiding in the corner with
the nervous lab all these other people are sales department these people are left holding the bag
while Greg is off doing what he does best hiding ever try to get Greg Reed to return a phone call but
we'll do four hours and that tomorrow now I want sometime this week I want somebody to call
him on this show and tell me the big deal with this princess Diana okay can somebody explain to
me I'm in Rome it's a Sunday morning I wake up turn on CNN international on my little uh 13-inch
TV and here's this car sitting on the highway it's banged up squeezed up car and I'm thinking this
must be an awful important car because they're like focusing on this for an eternity what did you
know they have accidents every day we're like here all of a sudden the story starts unfolding it
with Diana but I beat by the boat and she's dead and all this other stuff what followed for the next
weeks months for an eternity for a lifetime may JFK pale into insignificance in my life I have never
seen such a simous over nothing who I don't want to sound disrespectful because I would never do
that right but I mean what is the big deal with her what was the big story with princess Diana
that fucking bitch I mean did anybody really care about her before she got killed and in fact I
think that was the best thing never happened or was the fact that she got killed now all of a sudden
they're having this big ceremony and the royal family are making a big simous and the queen is
there she's nodding her head and saying thank god you're dead you know under her breath she's
muttering because they hated each other like poison which they did and the media people you people
are crazy oh that's right channel tenies the rabbit don't take it personal but the people in the
media are crazy and they're spreading their sickness all over the world because they got the NBC stupid
channel and not affiliated with a stupid talk network by the way and they got CNN international they
got a C NBC is all over the world so the sputum that they spread here in America they spread all
over the world simultaneously so they're telling the public basically what is important and what
you should be excited about and what is not and they decided for whatever reason because those
silly brits who still think that that brought the old pair what the hell is an old pair huh I got an
old pair I'm sitting on him right now what what is an old pair is there anybody be honest with me
is there anybody in this audience who ever heard of a god damn old pair before this brought up
there in New England off that little kid is there anybody no but you did yeah because you got a
little bratty kid okay no you have a nice kid but you got a little kid so you heard of an old
pair nobody would not hear any more than we ever heard a Johnny Versace okay and by the way it's
Gianni it's not Johnny it's not it's not it with a Dego tough with Gianni never heard of the man in my
life but what was the big simmiss would die in a somebody sometime and of course I'm sure landmine
victims what the landmine so I thought it was a fact that he ain't actually touched an AIDS guy well
with gloves and so on oh she a barehanded she did a barehanded and touched them too but she kind of
reminded me a little bit of Jackie Kennedy without quite so much money you think you think she
had his mind well we'll find out they're both that anyway what the other things is a make but that's
kind of what you reminded me a gold digger the whole thing was set up in the first place he was
boning what's your name the other broad the night before they got married everybody knows that
Charles now it's amazing can you imagine him getting stuck because at least you know the ears would
keep him out you know if he got if he got caught the whole body win and at least you know the ears
would protect him at all costs with those big that's probably why he's got ears like that Charlie
and then of course at one point when they shoot him from a distance prince William everybody is all
of a 15 year old kid okay all the pedophiles are all whipped up about prince William because they
thought he was cute he is as ugliest sin okay forget about him trust me what I tell you this kid
for for a Brit he looks kind of like human the British are the most pathetic the silliest people
you go to Amsterdam like I've told you before and I was there only five times this summer and fall
and the only people who are obnoxious are the Brits all these British kids because they're so
constipated they're so suppressed in their own country and they go over there where they can
actually do things and they have like a little bit of freedom and they get out of control and
they're loud and they're drunk they're obnoxious it's like going to sunrise the bad part about
this is we're not going to be able to hear loud as here's here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale hello
Neil yes god how you doing sir I've been counting it since you left a lot of masturbation
went on yeah Neil I've missed you so much I've been waiting that's why there's been so much more
moisture in the year since I was off the air people are looking for something to do to keep busy I guess
oh man you look great to hear you back I mean that's really all I call to tell you and you know
I hope I hope that they go down in flames everybody but Rick and sud yeah don't you feel I mean
let me ask you something okay seriously I mean I'm not suggesting you're a programmer but in this
business anybody can be a programmer you're dragging them off the street that's what they used to do
with IOD but at any rate you I mean if we've had like you bigger than your little finger I mean look
at this lineup think I'm Mr. Ego doing jury-electric talking in the morning and of course he's on 14
hundred he's on 1290s I mean you've got to have a roadmap and a compass to find out which station
which one is on and of course you don't want to hear any of them in the first place except maybe
Rick and suds and by the time they come on every radio and town is off anyway well the thing
was funny yesterday by chance I just happened to turn on at like 11 o'clock and you know I heard
something about you know like like Jesus this Jesus that I was like ah don't tell me Paxon bought
the thing back I have no idea but um Neil I what you were just saying about being a programmer I
have to admit Rick Riley and I don't remember who the the guy the program manager was before they
went or they went first went the clear channel yeah you mean you don't mean Peter Boulders do
I did no I didn't hear it here at meaness Harry Valentine yes it was Harry Valentine
because and by the way thank you again Harry Valentine for having that momentous dinner with me at
Burton Jackson convincing me even though you didn't intend to do it that you're a complete asshole
a water-save oak clone and that's what convinced me not to sign the Paxon deal and thank the lord if
there is one which I doubt but thank goodness anyway that I a wise up and I dinner with Harry
penis but I met them at I met them at that sweet tomatoes place that used to be across the way from
I always knew deep in my mind that if I ever had a great experience in my life it would be with a
Harry penis but anyway you know you're great and always gonna say was I said yeah I said
them why can't you bring Neil back and he goes sir we're not interested in bringing Neil back
and I said fuck you oh yeah okay well now we get a chance to see if that thing works
that was great I think that was it inside yeah that was probably Greg calling from out of town
to see if the dump works here's Miami hello hi Neil yes sir hi where did you go on vacation when you
were what countries did you travel to Italy did you go to Spain didn't go never went to
not been to Spain once I was to Madrid last year yeah I called you before you'd went to Spain
I recommended it because I have some family there and you would I as I listened to you when you
called back and you were complaining about the sidewalks and stuff the dread was everybody says I
should have gone to Martin Barcelona and I'm a dread well the real nice places are like
sigovia and toleos towns upset I just want to say something I'm a student at FIU yes sir and I
just want to talk about the hypocrisy among the Cuban American people here they say that
no the one thing they're fighting for is democracy and Cuba but I can't have my yeah I can't
have my own ideas at school because I had said that I'm I believe in socialism communist yeah exactly
your economy think oh and I was attacked by a few students you know I was saying the hypocrisy
that even on a on a campus you cannot even have I don't can I explain something to you and I
haven't counter this in Europe although I guess they're loose they're more loosely they're born
with a little bit looser foreskin in Europe okay but the the Cubans they're they're tightly wrapped
okay and as a result you know how like when there's pressure on the brain it's hard to think
clearly yeah and a lot of the Cubans especially the older ones after years you know of and by
the way discover also my trips because in Italy they got all the great cheeses provolone and
mozzarella and the Spaniards also speaking to going to Spain are famous for their own cheese
pecorino well were you aware of that sir no I wasn't I one two three yeah no I was not and another
thing that I'm happy about is that the Pope is going to Cuba because at least they can celebrate
for the call huh oh no I wasn't sure what Rodriguez is talking to China pay no attention to him okay
on the one thing he's knocking the old Cubans in time and then pooping it with the Cuba time and the
many are saying the truth about the old Cubans he starts to get an old paranoid it's true everybody
a Cuban that spends all his spare time in North Carolina so what do you expect everybody thought so
bad about this mask and also guy this guy was a millionaire by the way I'm so glad you mentioned
that here and I really is Ellie Brecker whom I lie I love you Ellie don't take it personal but
she doesn't know what she's writing but on the other hand here is the talk about Spinalist they
make regreed look good the herald cancels tropic magazine a week ago sunday because they wrote
an article about Jorge Mascanoza in which they said no moss not sarcastically or negatively but
they were afraid that some of the uptight old Cubans with bombs were misinterpreted and therefore
they they pulled the entire tropic magazine one of the most spinalist act in the history of journalism
if you can use the word journalism and connection with the herald unfreakable one thing that I'm
everybody in this town including the people who work at the herald are holding their heads tightly
and uh... just holding her heads in shame they can't believe it because they were afraid they might
offend the three-old the spics down there at dominoe park exactly and of course everybody knows
that the herald and Jorge Mascanoza hate each other like boys and what was the big tennis with him
anyway who needed him the one the one thing about it I have a sister in Cuba and I'm happy that
they were able to celebrate Christmas and I'm happy that the pub's gonna go there and maybe give
them a little bit of hope yeah yeah something the Italians are glad he's going and they just hope he
doesn't come back to Rome have a great day pal think of oh man they hate the pope in Rome let me
say it again one of the great things about going to idli no matter where you go three percent of the
people in literally idli go to church the other nine ninety seven percent are smart enough they've
seen enough of this bull crap they say upper your nose with the rubber hose okay they make them
off for the camp refuse get out of here with that crap okay I'll never forget as long as I live
the day we were walking in roman saw the getchke store where they sell all those I told you about this
was this before I went on the maybe not where they sell I'm sure it was they sell all the outfits for
the cardinals and the whatever addresses like yeah dresses for men dresses for guys for all the guys
they're in the Vatican running around and drag but I mean you know velvet very expensive very
lush plush which of course you suckers are paying for every time you stick your money in a collection
box on freaking blue but they sure dress and well make no mistake about that lovely outfit okay let's
go to Hollywood hello yes sir me a little gangster Mack hey how you be doing how you doing great listen
I don't know what happened over there six ten listen is Greg was going to air he's on it night
wow he said just smart just for fun I used to calm and tell I can't wait until they reach you a new
a hold I wouldn't even waste my time I mean he's such a no talent and you know one no Charlie did
they got a but they all sound the same order stable but I'm not using DJs trying to host talk show
it very well puts you're right we're gonna bring you over here to program this to you right on the
money man listen I want to give a couple shout out can I get some shout out we get some shot out
like I said so what was what was he doing a lot of masturbation whatnot speaking of that by the way
I want to tell you about the biggest scam or at least one of the biggest scams go in anywhere and
that is magnets magnets now I don't want to go into a big long thing about this but I might anyway
I have been in incredible pain on my foot thank god it maybe it's psychological maybe it's a
life foot they took x-rays there's nothing in there it might be a tiny bone spur bologna I went
listen to this hemorrhoids okay because you're traveling all over the world you're eating bad diet
and you know you're irritating a lot of candy and ice cream and crap and not eating the right foods
pasta very to made us us irritating bad hemorrhoids real bad okay a real pain in the ass I go to my
proctologist which I will not mention their names on the air for obvious reasons because they're
sitting monitoring right now but at any rate checks everything out you got piles okay thank you so
much as to after he looks deep inside my rectum I got piles thank you that's a bulletin then he
sits me down in his orifice and he's peddling me on all the greatest thing magnets magnet magnetic
insoles for my feet okay 65 dollars he pedals me for magnets which everybody oh Dan marino's
wearing them on his back look what it's doing for him on nice going Danny and race horses they're
putting blankets on race horses with magnets for their backs for their days for their ass so I
bind these insoles for my shoes we go out to Vegas I'm out there three or four days walking around running
around losing my ass and my foot is starting to kill me from these goddamn magnets in my shoes
I take the magnets out because now at least I can walk a little bit and as the days progressed I
realized I've got a serious problem in the heel of my foot that hurts like a mother which only in the
last couple of two months of agony because of these frequent magnets so let me just alert all of you
out there you know first it's you know the the pill that's going to make him how's the lend energy
doing by the way how's going to lend to do with that pen pen bought any lately guys first at some
crap like that then at some other crackery with the less than kelp b6 remember those for the
you're gonna lose weight take you know a few of these you'll lose some weight then your wallet
you're gonna lose the weight you'll feel a little bit lighter like about ten bucks and now it's
magnets and and the worst part of it is it's a pyramid scam and that the people who are involved
in this are like they're like moonies they're brainwashed they're obsessed oh well it's so you know
everything is a pyramid x on is a pyramid the whole world is a pyramid but it's great for you
oh learn up on it yeah I learned up on it all right my foot is killing me already okay
you know I think that my proctologist will look into branch out another area so to speak
because if you ever wondered what kind of a practice what kind of a young man who goes to medical
school chooses proctology to be his profession to be his area of endeavor so to speak as in
rectum you know I mean what is that what kind of person wants to look inside other people's
rectum all day I mean let's get serious okay not so it's no wonder he's looking to branch out a
little bit get off my ass doc okay here's Miami hello hello Nitto yes sir yes what's your problem
with baguette your christ killing two boys all right now we're talking okay now we're talking forget
the fact stuff let's get that kite stuff in there now we're not happy hana could do by the way I
want to bang in the butt honey with all the controversy over the Neil Rogers show we decided to
run a comparison profile between Ed Watkins a new listener and Bob new balls a wqa and veteran Ed
would you mind telling us your annual income oh I'd say 150 000 okay you know Bob how much do you
earn annually well I don't know but I'm kind of sure it goes up when I donate my sperm I see
it add what kind of card do you drive I have a beam is a three Bob I've got me a seventy non c 10
that don't got any floor born on an adult what are your thoughts about Neil's show on wqa
am most enlightening and entertaining on an eclectic level Bob I'll tell you what there ain't nothing
like the blue and the sports babe lord I'll miss them wow I could listen to sports all day
for real man listen to sports all day long while this here Neil fellow is a almost sexual
misguided homophobic what hey don't you go call in me names I don't understand shut up
I'll kill you gay boy lover get a life this concludes the wqa and listener profile you decide
okay well we certainly do have a lot of men different kind though so I hear here's Coral Gables hello
hey Neil how you doing okay sir I'm a professional golfer and I kind of disagree with with
with this case you Martin thing you know if you if you play to high level you know caliber golf
it's not like just going out with your buddies and run around and just slapping it all over the park
I mean the guy definitely has a distinct advantage by going out there playing with a card
and and especially I can't we make it optional what difference does it make if a guy's got a card or
not well it's because of the fit fatigue factor how about you got to walk it went and then a
hot peak of summer when it's 110 degrees out of my heart just breaks my heart man see that the when
you're talking about athletic ability when you're talking about golf ability you're talking about
hitting the ball putting that's what you're talking about those are the two things you're talking
about is hitting the ball either off the tee or approach shots and putting as little as I know
about golf and care I couldn't care less that's what it's all about nobody cares about how big you
are how strong you are those things should all be eliminated a guy that weighs 350 pounds should
be able to you know have just as much opportunity if he's a great golfer and can do all the other
has the skills that you know would make him a top golfer nobody cares whether it can walk
150 or 200 yards well the point is is though I know from playing when I take a cart and play and
as opposed to walking and play I know I'm definitely a lot more tired after around walking and I
get a car so there's no doubt about it like I said it should be optional how about let's take
baseball as an example how about Alex Fernandez who looks about as much like an athlete
as I do who's got an ass bigger than the building that I'm sitting in you think you think that he's
a great athlete sure he's an athlete of course based on what to throw a ball like he does sure it
takes up like to sit on that mound all night work and pictures over definitely takes athletic
ability there you go but it does take too far about it only only in a sense only in the sense that
he can stand out there at a mound and throw a baseball 90 or 95 miles an hour and do whatever he
does to get guys out that's what it's all about not because of the fact that he's in great shape
where he could walk from here to Montana without breaking into a sweat nobody cares about that
well it's John van Breesbrook a great athlete as you get out as you can see an athlete all he
does is stand there in the gold medal night and I got news for you John van Beesbrook is 100 times
the athlete that any professional golfer will ever be let me say it again he's a thousand times
the athlete then any golfer will ever be do you watch hockey games sure and you think that all he
does is stand there in front of the net if you ever seen the goalie get the crashed into like he
has like last couple of games well if you knew what it took to shoot 62 on a golf course maybe
you'd have a difficulty oh go go go powder your nose will you go see what shade of brown or
blue it is this week what it took to show to shoot a 62 on a give a flying crap what it takes
to shoot a 62 on a goddamn golf course and like the guy said before which was one of the best
calls I've ever had in my life it's a game not a sport it's a goddamn game and in this case
it's a rich man's game for guys who either got a lot of money or have some sponsor that's going to
put him out there on the tour so that instead of getting a real job they can go out there running
around whacking a goddamn golf ball but don't tell me that because somebody's got a handicap he
should be denied the opportunity to play a game blue nose blue nose blue nose man it makes you
want to puke oh yeah they're great athletes see people are I'll give you an example
jockies jockies is some of the greatest athletes in the world and yet in the very few people if
you say well you know who the greatest athlete oh football players and golfers yeah right
ever watch the thoroughbred horse race and seeing the the the danger and the the split second
decisions that have to be made and how close those horses are going to zillion miles an hour to
each other big two thousand pound beasts with a mind of their own and here's this little guy
weighs 102 pounds and he's sitting on there with the holding the reins and he's again I'll
try to control this two thousand pound animal and get him to go to the right to the left to make
them move just at the right time these are unbelievable athletes who's the better athlete I would say
tiger woods is the best athlete in the world is what I would say wouldn't you agree hopefully
hear from a lot more blue noses and brown noses today because god if I could just learn what it
takes to go out there and shoot a sixty two or sixty nine do you know even George who is as you know
not a sports buff to say the very best even he's pissed off the more I think about the last call
the angry I'm almost going to get my piles back I think from that color oh yeah the tremendous
amount of athleticism and the the tremendous amount of energy or oh yeah the first of all they got
a caddy to carry the caddies the one that I'll be making most of the money he's schlepping around
there getting all worked up carrying those heavy guy them clubs on his back and every time you
watch any of this golf on TV which you can't avoid because on a weekend to fill the time that's
all they got on there and they show you know the guy hits the ball and that's it and now he puts the
club back in the bag the caddies like a hunched over he's carrying like a hundred pounds of bags
on his back and now they walk very very slowly and casually up the course to the next to the
T very very very slowly I mean give me a freaking break okay and this guy has the golvian to
compare any golfer and forget about the fact I'm a hockey fan and he compares into the BZR he
just happened to choose that but to a hockey player just when the BZR is standing out there on
his skate shuffling his feet during the national anthem he's exerting more energy at that point
than any golfer in any goddamn whole tournament put together you jackass you idiot you moron
you blue nose idiot imbecile actually worth escape me at this point to find that there could be any
people that's stupid but I guess the whole golfing world it's a whole separate mentality there
a blue nose mentality what's that expression again and this thing oh yeah it's unfair to traditions
of the game that's right these great athletic but what do you expect from people who are stupid
about to watch this crap I mean you talk about having no life that you would sit and actually
watch hours of this horse duty to watch a bunch of guys sitting there whacking a ball if you want
to go out and play it gets an exercise more power to you peace of mood but if you want to go out
there and sit in your fat ass drinking beer watching a bunch of guys whacking it and the ball too
and you got serious play the watch calls don't think beer today oh I wouldn't think so maybe a
little shabby maybe a good kianny with some phaba beans yeah I'm sure that some of you did watch
and shame on you the entire oh Jay I think I noticed this morning I was turning on was mbc and they
had a good piece on there they had one of the attorneys from the civil case the Goldman's attorney
from the civil suit and he told it exactly the way it is I mean just precisely and they showed
some of the clips and Chris Meyer was getting all puffed up in the face and reddened the
poison agitated I guess Chris maybe expected oh Jay was going to come clean right there on the air
which he should have but of course he didn't and you knew he would not and then he's trying to
like well the thing he said in sqire but if I did do what I did out of love it was taken out of context
right you did it you did it you murdering bastard piece of crap you and now people are wondering
well how come he's doing all this public appearances now because he's trying to rehabilitate his
image now he's trying to come back into the mainstream he figures enough time has passed he's
tired of being an outcast and he wants to back in and he gets on there in lies and lies and lies
oh there was only one beating there was only one time they forgot physical above oh Jesus give
me a break give me a freaking break and of course poor Chris Meyer he's a jok guy he's a sports guy he
don't have the facts there in front of him he doesn't have the list of all the damn dates of all of
these incidents that were well documented especially in the civil case which by the way he was found
responsible meaning guilty that yes you did murder them in your own thirty two million dollars
even though they're not getting a penny of it got four million dollars in his trust fund and
his pension fund whatever the hell is which they can't just a touch of penny and doing the best
to hide each and every dime that he's got so here's a guy that really is very very concerned about
making sure that the you know people get paid that his kids get taken care of and everybody else too
just unbelievable I'm you know something not that I think of it even though I only saw the end of it
I'm glad they did put him on I'm glad they put him on again as a reminder of what a piece of
30 years I hope he turns well what's his favorite thing golf I rest my case and here's a guy who
allegedly has two bad knees he can barely walk he's got arthritis he's got this his hands are
are a shriveled they're crumpled they're blah blah blah blah blah he can't do it damn thing
so what do you say she would give him a cart sticking into one of those walking oven sounds good
to me here's Coral Gables hello hello yes sir hey Neil listen on that golfing there's one thing
there everybody forgot and what is that sir you know the USGA the PGA governs all the tours
yeah PGA tour right in the senior tour right the seniors can ride if they want to right so they're
contradicting themselves uh-huh I mean if you can take a guy because he's old or because of his
physical condition if he's a pro and he can ride an tournament like this young fellow do it uh-huh
makes sense amen good show thank you sir all right have a great day yeah it seems to make sense to
all of us with an IQ larger than our index finger but not the sun setting the line of course the
blue noses and the players themselves who are spineless and gutless and like they said on the worst
team this morning in private they're positive and I'm positive too a lot of these guys are saying boy
this is a bunch of crap but as usual in this country and in this world very few guys very few people
anywhere have got the cajon's to actually stand out from the group and say this is injustice this
is a bunch of bullcraft let this poor guy play and stop it all a caca and we're all a bunch of
overpaid spoiled rotten breath and making a lot of money and cut the crap already all right cut the
crap I mean who the hell would you rather have playing out there on the tour Casey Martin or Curtis
strange you know what I'm saying I rest my case or that goddamn Greg Norman send him to Australia
send it back where it came from I'm so tired of him oh but he sure was good friend and he's
there this one's great great he's got more money than God let him my repair already and the same
with that damn Nicholas and all those old parts on that let them go do something productive man oh man
see I don't understand that how can you go your whole life and you played golf you did it for
a living you did it very well and then you get to a certain age and you know what and then you
continue playing there's the seniors tour and it's like when they tried and hockey you remember that
lasted for about a minute and a half the thing with the old Farts League that seriously that
lasted for about three weeks and nobody had any interest nobody wants to see a bunch of old Farts
bumbling around out there watching Red Kelly he's 75 years old and Johnny Barr and all these guys
who do I want to see that that's not sports which proves what I've said along because golf is
not a sport in the first place oh here we go channel four journey of hope with the Pope the Pope
scum at a Cuba baby I'm right we got some hope what the hell hope is he gonna bring them all he's
gonna bring them is a bunch of stone a dark age crap and a bunch of empty promises which nobody
will ever fulfill a lot of rhetoric and of course naturally many of these getchkeys there will come
on her hands and ease with her last few pesos like they do in Mexico and Brazil and all over Latin
America oh here for the Pope for the Pope for his operation for his whatever yeah those altar
boys are a lot more demanding than they used to be that's right 30 40 30 40 thousand lira that
don't cut it anymore I'll hear into you that here's a mobile and Delray Beach hello Neil yes sir how you doing great
just want to throw something out you might have commented on it already I just got in the car but
was watching the news this morning and I slow story about that woman out in Texas they're about
the execute yeah and they were you know she hacked through all these people with ice picks and
she supposedly had an orgasm when she was doing it didn't mean that yeah this came out in the
court and everything but now they're getting ready to execute her and she found God which hey
empty to go and everybody does their own thing I'm not against that but now the church is coming out
that she's because she's born again they shouldn't execute her so on and so forth and I just like to
get your opinion on it and if you don't mind I'll hang on my opinion about what nothing what do you
think about the whole thing I think it's ludicrous people are coming out all listen everybody that
goes into slammer especially on death throw everyone of them finds the Lord from G Gordon Liddy to I
mean Colson and right on down the line every last damn one of them becomes a religious nut and I say
give her I was gonna say fry her ass but they don't do that do they they take the lead injection
right so thicker with the needle immediately she might enjoy it take care of her okay pal she's going
to have it anyway right yeah she's gonna be up there in heaven she'll be at the squirrely gates so
what's wrong with that I mean if she believes which of course is one of the really great parts about
these religious nuts all in a matter what you do doing your life if you've set the Lord before
you croak no matter how many people you killed and if Hitler would accept the Lord on his deathbed
of course he wasn't in bed when he shot himself well if he would have done the thing in the bucket
with guy junker I got you down exactly I mean give me a freaking break already with heaven and hell
and purgatory and the devil and the pitchfork but by the way speaking of going to hell did you see
the thing on uh oh Jay yesterday which oh Jay be remember a couple of years how well how long
does this thing been going on like last year there were the rumors that he was gonna come down here
and move here and everybody said go the hell away everybody with a brain that is said go the hell
away we don't want you here and then a kind of cool off and it was a building his new house or
buying a new house and wherever the hell he is in LA and all of a sudden he's back again for another
celebrity golf tournament for charity this was yesterday I guess how come we didn't know about that
because we're all alone over here but it was Martin Luther King day don't you understand the
significance of this it was Martin Luther over by the way we have our DSS so we're not as alone as
you might think but at any rate he was in town yesterday at this charity golf tournament on
Martin Luther King day this murdering miserable no good let me chop your word hurts the most bastard
is in our town and they put it on the news last night I'm at the track watching this and they wow
oh Jay's getting comfortable here he's starting to like it here so I guess the rumors are resurfacing
that just maybe he might be coming back and not only is it bad enough that he's here but they have
to go out to the golf tournament stick the mic in his face so we can give us all a lecture on morality
do you be seeing that I saw cheese but I didn't see he he'd be pissed off he'd be highly pissed off
oh Jay oh man exactly because he's sick and tired of all these judgemental people who just won't
let go of it already just let go of it and the knife too is what oh Jay be saying because you know
when you get to the this was my favorite part he says when you get to the pearly gates the man
doesn't like people who you know our judgemental and hold the grudge whatever the hell he was saying
when you get to the pearly great grates and I'm thinking well what does the man think about guys
who murdered two people in cold blood that's right that's okay if you you know have enough money
it only hurts for a little while that's what they say so oh Jay's back to haunt us again they're
just some of these back to tool never go away let me let me speak for the entire community except
a few retarded people and some very very stupidness got it horny women you see the brought out there
oh she wants the merion this light-complexed black chick which he's out anyway he's not into black chicks
oh yeah I want to marry oh Jay I want to get near him I want to sniff it just one time
nothing like you gag right there at dinner time at the track too right in the middle of my dinner
so let me speak for just about everybody other than a few misguided hormonal bitches who couldn't
get laid in a cucumber patch we don't want you here okay oh Jay we got enough problems we got
the damn pope coming to Cuba that's close enough tomorrow we got enough problems with that go the
hell away and don't come back soon and there was Richmond web number 78 oh it's number 78
holding holding they have the man who's committed more penalties for the dolphins in the last three
years than all the other people on the team put together including keep Sims even always gone
and there he was there at this such herity golf event around you know we got to love move on
and it's for a good cause and blah blah blah blah yeah right whatever you say okay Richmond
15 yards number 78 sorry so he won't go away and you know who else won't go away is that god damn
she just will not go away now she you know what she reminds me of on a much more sinister scale
because there are some people who realize what a scumbag Larry King is there a lot of people who
understand that uh-huh especially people he still owes money to but he's dangerous like when he
brought Ross P. Rowan Aaron he made him into a you know like a real president so candidate single
handedly nobody knew from Ross Perot to Larry King decided he was going to play you know Mr.
Hatchock maker but Oprah's on there and of course she's got this captive audience of millions of
desperate board housewives who are like uh-in between Jerry Springer in between the hyperventilating
housewives with no lives and uh tapioca putting somewhere in between there is Oprah worth billions
of dollars with a B why I haven't got the foggiest idea a woman who has got nothing to say a woman
who brings nothing to the table a woman who is not interesting who is not brilliant who is not
articulate who is not anything other than L. C. the board and Calon a bad day why is there a girlfriend
you don't care girlfriend she's not the one that started that is she instrumental be well yeah
well i've heard the instrumental of vocals a lot better but the instrumental wasn't bad
but at any rate so there she is and she's in this battle now and you know i hate to say this but
i have to take her side on this issue the thing about the beef no because 13 states including
Texas and Florida by the way have passed these laws that you can't if you go on ear and you
maliciously attack a product and you cost in other words they can prove that you've cost them
millions of dollars a substantial amount of money and they question your motives if you haven't
done it just because you're stupid now in her case i think just because she's stupid is evident
but the beef industry's got a beef in fact they ought to be on thursday with a morning team
but at any rate they pass these repressive unconstitutional laws and mark my word they will be found
to be unconstitutional so that if you go on ear and you say these you give your opinion and people
all of a sudden whether it's about beef and people stop going out meeting beef and across the
millions of dollars while it's too bad your so well and so they're having this big lawsuit
they're suing Oprah for 13 million dollars which is like pocket change to that bitch and it really
pains me that i have to take her side on this because she happens to be right if she had some
vegetarian former beef guy on her show last year two years ago and the guy was talking about how
they feed cows ground up disease you know they ground up cattle.
The death animals excrement like they put in dog food yeah sounds tasty to me in addition to
which whatever goes in comes out pretty much all the same way anyway right what goes in must come
out that's what Peter North says so what fell wrong with that and we don't have no mad cow
disease in this country so they the bottom line is she evidently got a lot of her housewives all
bad out of shape the ones who weren't buying these tapioca putting books that she's always promoting
on there god i wish to how i was on there for like one day just think of all the great books that
i could promote on there one day but of course we never have the power that this bitch is got
because she's got these simple and housewives across america by the millions mesmerized mesmerized
just like she did with that op the fast remember that quack oh yeah one day she weighed 300 pounds
six days later she weighed 75 pounds on op the fast and then of course people went on that diet
and they were croaking left and right i'm surprised she never got on the fan fan thing she's like a
human accordion one day she weighs 300 next day she weighs 30 pounds she's like in between
current carpenter and mama cast and not really sure which side she's going to come down on here's
a hollywood hello hello good morning here when is this i got a spy report my brother called me last
night at eleven o'clock he was at Miami on legs golfing he said guess what who was in front of me
it was here for me i killed the cold oh man and i i told him i said you know what my brother
agrees that uh m oj killed that i says he goes i was staring at him and then finally oj said
how you doing and i told my brother i said where'd you tell him and he said oh he just said
that little but i said you know what i said there's people the public starts seeing oj out there
and start telling him you know what you killed the cold i told my brother i said you could have been
in every major newspaper you should have took out that nine iron and just beat the crap out of him
there's excellent he could have been all over could have had a hard copy soft copy inside edition
outside edition heraldo jenny jones he would have been on larry king he could have been here he could
have been gigantic but i think that oj is moving to town here and that's what i'm afraid of man
and my you know like i said i told my brother i says i'm not impressed by anybody except the
pope not even you Neil bud if i saw oj i think i would have grabbed that nine iron just
be careful no wait you're impressed by the pope a silly old man in the dress impresses you
yes sir why is that well i just think he's he's different and he's different and old man in
a dress with a beanie is different they don't see too many of them that's true why are you
impressed by the pope i guess because i'm Catholic and you've been brainwashed i don't think so i
think i have a level head i'm not asking you about your sex life i'm asking you about your brain
sir you've been brainwashed yeah well we'll see i don't know i mean we'll see what the pope says
over there and keep up well what do you think he's gonna say besides dominus and the viscous
is so long me fifty dollars what do you think he's gonna say well they do say that every country's
visit a communist country that it's it's fallen there there can be no question that the pope
is responsible for the fall of communism just like he's one of his predecessors Pope i as the
twelve was responsible for the fall of the Nazis right yeah okay thank you so much there we got
i'm going to church right now i'm i'm getting my knees right now well that is if the boy
is still in the building the back street boys he's not going to bring them down here isn't that would
be embarrassing maybe they won't come down here but he's they're up there allegedly well he wasn't
sure they were showing up anyway said allegedly they're coming on with kid curry on power 96 they
don't play their music anyway do that George during this last break being the heathen's
pick that he is is going through this long song that blah blah blah blah blah blah blah while
you're preaching to the choir why are you telling me all of this about the archaic bull crap of
the catholic church in all of brainwashing when you get to the straight listen when you get to
the scorally gates mister with oj he be going in and you be going down you be going on the elevator
going straight down he be going straight up i want you to stop and think about that for just a
second okay the pearly gates of heaven say people talk crap because they've been conditioned to talk
it and they've been conditioned by hearing other people talk this crap oh and you get to the pearly
gates have you ever seen that spot i don't even know what it's for they're all lined up at the pearly
gates and say peter is sitting there and then somebody who's like uh a 20th in line does this
line ever move and then you see them go straight down yeah i guess it does now like that
yeah i want you to stop and think about that here's like all these millions of people talk about a
slow moving line makes busy land looks like like a picnic makes makes the makes the express line and
when dixie look fantastic at two o'clock in the morning when it's the only one open it's not
moving at all the pearly gates and here's this murdering son of a bitch comes into our town
and he's lecturing us we better cut the crap because uh the man up there he don't be liking it the man
Yeah
He's even the grad.
The pop-up stuff.
He makes his fucking eyes.
The pop-up stuff.
He's a gloomy ass.
The pop-up stuff.
The pop-up stuff.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
He's got a huge headline upstairs.
He's like, can't tell I want that.
He's like, can't tell I want that.
He's got a special pill.
He's been killed in that age.
He's got a 4-8-0.
But he's been killed in the age of the narrow one.
He's got a 4-8-0.
He's got a 4-8-0.
He's got a 4-8-0.
He likes to stick around.
He's got a 4-8-0.
He's a gloomy ass.
He's got a 4-8-0.
The 4-8-0.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
He's got a 4-8-0.
He's got a 4-8-0.
He's got a 4-8-0.
He's got a 4-8-0.
He's got a 4-8-0.
He's got a 4-8-0.
He's got a 4-8-0.
The pop-up stuff.
Can I get him the ground?
He likes to stick around.
He's got a 4-8-0.
He's a gloomy ass.
He's got a 4-8-0.
The pop-up stuff, the pop-up stuff, the pop stuff, the pop stuff, the pop stuff, the pop stuff.
Oh yeah.
But he is a must-have.
He's a must-have.
The voice is unacceptable.
The voice is unacceptable.
First control.
Thank Joe Payne for the immature, senior, senior, senior, senior, senior, senior.
That's okay.
Oh, you've got to have that old rhythm, man.
You've got to be saying, I got to rhythm.
That's the only one that's acceptable.
And obviously it's working really great in all those third world countries,
whether reproducing like rabbits, like cockroaches.
And you can be sure he's going to be peddling that same stone-aged garbage in Havana tomorrow
and everywhere he goes around the world as they continue perpetuating the misery and suffering
of overpopulation all over the world.
That's the one thing they do better than anything else beside brainwashing
is perpetuate misery, starvation, and suffering.
And it's interesting when you are in Rome, by the way,
the only people over there at the Vatican are the Getchkees,
the schleppers who come on their hands and knees,
and then of course the tourists who go over there and they buy the crosses
and all the other, the trinkets, the souvenirs.
I hate to tell you this, but the Jews own the souvenir shops.
Here's Coral Springs.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
When is this?
Thank you very much, Ann.
You and George, for a great show yesterday.
Oh, thank God.
Somebody heard it.
I thought we'd been flooded today with people saying, boy, we sure enjoyed that.
Let's do it again soon, like maybe today.
It was a great gift and I appreciate it.
Well, you're welcome.
About the Pope.
I don't know if you saw the Washington Post or any paper back in November when the Pope
talked to a Vatican Council and condemned the actions of Christians before
and during the Holocaust.
I think he told the Vatican Conference the Christian world contributed to the rise
of anti-Semitism and then failed to fight it as the Jews were being slaughtered
during World War II.
Right.
He came very, very close to issuing an apology for the actions of Pope Pius.
Close to not cigar.
And those are the...
Which I believe is his next step.
And that's what's interesting about this Pope.
I don't see him...
I have no affection for organized religion and I agree with you about most of it.
I'm not exactly sure about a Supreme being.
I'm still wondering about it.
But my mind is open one way or the other.
What's interesting about this...
What is interesting about this man in a skirt?
What's interesting about him is that he is being used politically as a way of undermining Castro.
And...
Let me ask you this.
How is he undermining Castro?
In other words, when he leaves Cuba in a couple of days, are you suggesting to me that Castro is going to fall
or that somehow his power base there is going to disappear?
Oh no, no, no, not at all.
Because he's better.
One thing Castro and another thing that we're doing than the church even is indoctrinating in brainwashing
and he's got those Cubans over there so brainwashed that other than El Duque and a few baseball players,
they think they're living the life of Riley.
They're happy as a pig and slop and they love Fidel.
Oh no, I'm not suggesting he's going to contribute to Castro's fall.
So how is he undermining him?
He's allowing some of the dissidents in Cuba the courage to maybe speak out a little more.
And then great gentleman.
Very well, I understand that.
But this is probably his main contribution to his visit to Cuba.
Well, I understand it's very kind.
I've got to go back and eat pasta in Rome then.
And by the way, about...
Let me ask you this.
What business does this man, since he's a member of a religious, I was going to say cult, an organized religion, but it is a cult.
Since he is the leader, the titular leader, if I can say that, what business does he have running around the world,
telling people about foreign policy and what they should do and what they shouldn't do in criticizing capitalism?
And who the hell cares what he thinks?
I'll do that.
Other than those people who are his sheep, okay?
There's probably a lot of people care about what he thinks.
If nobody cared about what he thought, he wouldn't be doing it.
Well, let me ask you this.
How come 97% of the people in Italy don't go to church?
Well, yeah, but that doesn't mean they don't identify as Catholics.
You see, you know, if you ever been to Rome...
Have you ever been to Rome?
Yes, I have.
But let me tell you this.
It's like 97% of the people in Israel don't go to synagogue, but they identify as being Jews.
It's the same thing.
It's a cultural form that really...
There is a difference between being Catholic as in being born Catholic.
And as you say, identifying with a man who's preaching stone age garbage,
when the Pope told him that divorce was illegal, they passed along Italy, allowing divorce.
When he told him that abortion was absolutely a sin, guess what?
They have abortions all over Italy.
It's legal in Italy.
I'm saying that people identify with him more culturally than they do.
Well, what does that mean?
They don't need him to eat pasta?
What does culturally mean?
He's Polish.
Exactly.
They don't kill Boston anywhere I've been in Italy.
Well, you know, it's just a thought of mine.
You're probably right, but I just wanted to...
I'm not going to try to pull words in your mouth or anything else.
And, you know, I mean, everybody's entitled to an opinion.
I'm more than happy to hear it.
However, it seems to me that you're making an attempt.
Maybe you're trying to hard to be a nice guy,
and you're making an attempt to make a case for this man where there isn't any.
There's no case there.
That's the problem.
Be true.
By the way, when I'm on hold during the break,
your conversation or Georgia's conversation with you came over the phone.
Oh, of course.
It was very interesting.
I would be interested to hear what it was that nine years old that Georgia had the
subpoena that he was talking about.
No, Georgia, at the nine years old, realized it was all a bunch of bull crap and said,
this grew this.
Well, have a great day, pal.
Thank you, Georgia.
And God bless you.
See, they like it, but that's another reason to call it.
You can hear Georgia talking to China.
No, I don't.
I have bad ears.
I remember.
I used to say, is there a green leprechaun of my shoulder?
As a matter of fact, there is now.
There is?
When you get this old, there's a little green leprechaun that stands on your shoulder and hops around.
It's either that or surrises.
And you also talk about God helps those who help themselves.
Yeah.
That's mean he can don't shop lifting.
Don't remember that one, but you must have a lot of material on tape.
No, not on tape just in the memory.
Right.
And how about, if he's such a wonderful God, how could he make the waters crash down on the Egyptians who are chasing after these?
And how about this El Nino?
You remember that.
And I talked about this the other day.
El Nino, here's the Christ child.
And he's screwing up the weather and people are dying and freezing this.
Thanks to the Christ child.
That should tell you what people think of religion.
But we're all God's children.
There you go.
Isn't that sad?
It's a great day.
He must be really, really busy.
He must be pretty busy up there or out there or in there or under there.
Where were the hell he's hiding these days?
Or on the side of that bank building?
I know that a lot of people in this audience get very antsy and they think I do too much of this.
The real thing is I don't do enough of it.
That's the thing.
I am so sick and tired of a media and then tired, other than maybe a screw magazine, which is our good pornographer, Fran Al Goldstein,
and a few pornographic publications, which of course most people discard because of its sexual nature,
then obviously you're going to go to hell anyway for looking at it or reading it, but let's see within it please.
But other than that, there is nobody in this goddamn country that's got the balls to come out and talk about.
I mean, here this Pope thing is a classic example.
Where is the other side of this?
Where is even the other side in this community which you'd expect to see this big conflict?
Well, you know, with a Cuban's about well on the one hand, as much as they've been brainwashed and they're good obedient Catholics,
and they bring their mind to church and put it in the plate every Sunday, and they stick that wafer in their mouth on whatever else looks good.
In spite of all that, here's this guy coming, consulting with Fidel, who is like the devil incarnate.
I mean, this son of a bitch Fidel, he liked poison, and with good reason, okay?
And so they've got this tremendous conflict, and in this community man, they've managed to shove all this under the carpet,
they've covered it all up, and the entire media here are covering this thing like it's the second coming of Yoshky and Joseph Smith and Abraham and Abraham Solomon.
I mean, it's just unbelievable.
You think this was the greatest thing since they invented the apopsicle for Christ's sakes?
What's so great about it?
Oh, and then of course I remember years ago when he was here, what was that about the 10, 11 years ago?
Because that was an INZ.
Oh my God, and they had, and guess who was the MC?
You'll never guess this.
Gregory Benjamin Vudell was the MC of this parade thing they had downtown for El Papa, a man who keeps asking the question,
is there anybody out there who doesn't hate me like poison, Gregory Vudell, a man who does more radio jobs in six months than most of us had ever done in a lifetime,
and this man was their MC and the oh God, that's good, et cetera, and so on.
There's a guy who's been well adjusted from his Catholic upbringing, right?
Yo, baby, that's what it's all about, and like Madeline Murio here, that bitch, where is she, by the way?
Whatever she said, without hell, religion isn't worth a damn.
And that's right, without the fear of being punished, without the fear of not having eternal life, which is the most ridiculous thing.
It's like OJ saying, oh, when you're up there to purly gate, the man get upset at the purly gate.
If he was so worried about the purly gates, he wouldn't have kicked off those two people like, you know, in a fit of passion that he would have pissed off, man.
Worried about the God damn purly gates, my ass.
This is such garbage, such nonsense, such spewed a man.
And like I've said so many times, and I'll keep saying it as long as I got a breath in this old pathetic, baggy body, am I?
If they spent like one tenth of the money and energy that they do on brainwashing the world with this horsecraft,
to try to solve the problems that are out there and feed the people who are starving to death, including that poor old bag mother to reason.
I'll grant you, you know, she may have never stolen a freight train, and she was wrinkled up and disgusting and old and probably smelled bad.
And nobody cared because she chose the wrong kind of croak when Diana did.
But in the meantime, she was running around the world peddling the same crap and horseball.
And if they would have just sold all the artwork they got in the Vatican, they'd have enough money to feed all the starving people.
Billions. Billions and billions would have been.
And if they had all the money that was ripped off in a Vatican bank scandal, they'd have all that much more money.
They could all be driving the at least little brown Toyota's anyway, all these schleppers, even in places where they don't have any roads yet.
They were showing yesterday speaking of Martin Luther King, they were showing some of these revival things, some of these, oh my god, what is that all about?
It's like something out of a Tennessee Williams play. I mean, these people are like rockin' and rolling, and they're rolling around on the floor, and the spirit is gettin' too many to speak in and tons, and they're rolling around on each other.
Oh god, that's good.
I mean, talk about saying, fight his dance, talk about watching people who look like they have gone totally mentally like it's time to get the butterfly in and out boys and girls.
Three times a week at that assembly of Godchurch right by your house.
Oh yeah. They be speaking in tongues? All right.
And he's healing.
But let me just lay it out to you, and I really would challenge anybody to debate this.
Since the Cubans in Cuba have lived under Castro and Communism for almost 40 years now, since 1959, and since virtually all of those people have been brought up without religion, their economic prisoners of Castro's regime is what they are.
Political and economic because they can't express it to any point of view.
But if they had food, if they had a decent lifestyle, they wouldn't give a crap. They don't care about communist stuff. They don't care about capitalism. They don't care about religion.
Any of that, if they just could like, you know, get their food and their medicines and whatever they need to live like human beings. That's what they care about.
Now, unless I'm a stakin' unless the news media have missed something drastic here, and I don't think they have, because they've covered this thing, everything from the Pope's fingernails to his racco.
Everything in between. We've had great details, most of which we don't need to hear about all of it.
So unless I'm missing something, he isn't bringing truckloads and truckloads and planeloads of cargo, be hard to bring the trucks out.
I guess planeloads of all this good stuff to feed the people, to bring their medicine, to bring all these things, which they are desperately being deprived of.
Or what the hell not? Because he, they don't have time for that. He's busy collecting money from the getschkeys who are going to come on their hands and knees, just like they've been for years, all over Latin America.
And all these schleppers bringing their flash viewpacos, all up, pop up, all up, pop up, all up, whatever, you know, el pop up.
No, la pop up. El pop up would be for a real man. I would say an el pop up until this moment, but now let's at least be honest about it.
What kind of a man wears a dress? Even guys that run around a drag dress better than that. Even Eddie Murphy would be embarrassed by that, okay?
What kind of discert pox? You know what I'm saying? What kind of crap is that?
And you see all this archaic stuff and they're running around with the, with all those, I still wonder what, they call it a miter, don't they?
That big thing that they're schlepping and with those things, those hoods on their head, I thought only the clansmen wore hoods on their heads.
And then he looked around and they ripped off the beanie from the Jews, of course. They had to rip off everything from the Jews because we came first.
And he's got his little ugly beanie there. And oh, it's a big simmison. He's coming there, but is he going to, oh, he's going to take care of their spiritual needs?
What the hell does that mean? What a rationalization for the fact that he's not going to come there into a goddamn thing about the real problems that these people are suffering from.
He's not going to free them politically. He's not going to feed them. He's not going to take care of their health and medical needs.
He's not going to do a damn thing except do another big publicity stunt so we can keep the Vatican going.
And he has something if they took a vote. See, Italy is not like England where they're like tied with a monarchy where they're all emotionally involved because they're emotional cripples.
And Italy, they'd like to say baffan gula to the whole Vatican and a whole bunch of those go in. They don't have any need for them.
In fact, they would like to stop being, see the Vatican gets pissed off. And so every now and then they come along along with the police.
And they get like close up all the adult establishments and clubs and bars where people might be having a good time because they want to suppress the people and control them as much as possible.
That's what the Vatican. That's the purpose they serve in Italy. And by the way, they don't do a very good job because like five days later, they all reopen again.
All the gay bars we have to shut down them because the fags are in here, including the like, I said the priest of the bathhouse, they'll have a good time there. And they do.
But if you have the majority of the people, they need them like they need hemorrhoids and believe me as an expert on that subject, we don't none of us need that.
All right, Papa Juan Pablo.
The Pope's coming. Squirt's court. And it's going to be a big day in Habanaman. They're going to be free any second now.
They were showing on the CNN that we have our direct DVR satellite thing here. They were showing all these get-gees and they're all sitting there.
Have you ever noticed that when people, when they pray and they sit there and they put their hands together, it looks like they're- it looks like they're just their brain is going to pop out of their forehead if they have one in there.
Like they're really constipated, concentrating very, very hard, scrunching their eyes. They're scrunching it in their eyes too.
So there's a lot of praying going on and a lot of a carrying on and here's this old man in the dress going to be in Habanaman today.
And of course, that's going to change everything and you won't escape it. Keep your TV set in the off position.
Lots of great sports stories, by the way. Lot of role models for all you people to get excited about this morning.
First of all, here's Chris Weber in too much of a hurry to get to practice. Chris Weber ended up with a face full of pepper spray six hours in jail and a marriage wini charge.
After a routine traffic stop for speeding, the Washington Wizards forward was arrested to they in charge with assault resisting arrest, possession of marriage wini, driving out of the influence of marriage wini and five other traffic related violations that it goes on and on and on.
They're arrested. Oh no, Miami dolphins quarterback, the Norse Mosley. You'll be knowing anybody named the Norse. Huh? What is that? Is that like the rain in Spain? The Norse Mosley was arrested Tuesday after allegedly firing a handgun outside a Mananga, Hila. Is that it?
Mananga, Lia. I thought it was man. Oh, that's a different place. Mananga, Lia. I think it is. Mananga, Hila County strip club in Morgan, town, West Virginia, Mosley, who's from Pohoki.
Does that tell you everything you need to know? He's from Pohoki was charged with brandishing a firearm and shooting from a roadway, both Mr. Meeners County GLO Sergeant Gary White said.
Mostly later was released after posting $600 bond. Then we got in the hockey page in the sports section this morning.
Goli Sean Berk, or the Vancouver connoisseur formally of Hartford in Carolina, wherever else he was, must complete an educational program on domestic abuse within six months as part of his punishment for assaulting his wife in November.
Berk also was $500 and sentenced to 18 months probation after pleading guilty Friday to the November 2nd incident.
And then on the letters to the editor page in the Sun Sentinel just surrounded out to make for a full exciting day. Here's a picture of Jose Cansoco.
And Donald Cogan of Boca writes, the headline read, can Seiko deal keeps him out of jail January 8th? The Oakland days Jose Cansoco a 4-foot inch?
A 6-foot-4 inch, he got 4 inches, huh? You know those big guys trust me. A 6-foot-4 inch 240-pound slugger was charged with violence against his estranged second wife.
Cansoco has also been accused of violence against his first wife. Oli's consistent, goddammit. If you're going to beat up your first wife, in fact I think OJ should go back and get the first one, don't you? Would that be a good idea?
Cansoco has also been accused of violence against his first wife ever after pleading no contest. He was sentenced to counseling and fined $258.
Quite a sum for someone who earns millions again. Our system turns the other cheek for a pampered athlete says Donald Cogan of Boca, unfreaking believable.
So the beat goes on. Oh my god, look at these guys. What are they now? They can come in here now. They look harmless to me. They don't look like ax murders, anything like that. They can come on.
All the one does kind of which one is that is that the AJ that looks like the ax murder? How you doing the backseat boys really not AJ is the one with the tattoos or that your AJ and this is Kevin.
See it now. It's a mere did they know who you guys were upstairs at power 96. They didn't know who you are by like individually. They know who you were.
We haven't been on there yet. Well, they don't have any idea who you guys are. I mean, I got that's a mic that might even work. Kevin.
Excellent. Where's the rest of the guys? Where's Nick and Brian and the gods of Michelle other upstairs getting ready to go on air? Well, they're going to go up there. Yeah.
We're coming to see you. Well, that's great. That's that's a good stuff. Now I want to ask you one thing because you know, you notice this. I'm not some novice with you guys. Okay. I mean, just because I'm an old aging fact doesn't mean that those.
Seriously. Well, what's what's wrong with that? I mean, we can't all be perfect. But when I was in Amsterdam, I bought your album because I saw you guys videos, which these guys. How come you guys are big all over the world first?
And then you're like marketing here. What's what is there that by accident? Is that like on purpose? I guess this is destiny and just sort of happen.
So what do you know? Now what's a new single going to be? Actually, it's back. Well, that's going to be the single. Now is that a change? Because when you want much music, I thought there was another.
Now, let's see, which ones on here are singles? I'll never break your heart. Was that a single? In that case in Europe. Now, I'm confused. I can't handle this because I've been like, well, you're a new.
The US album is a compilation of some of the hits and singles is basically all the singles off of the first European album. We put on the first US album with a couple of new tracks. That's basically what the US album is.
So the next single here in the US will be back streets back. And then after that, it'll either be. We feel like we have three more possible singles off the US album that we can go with.
So on the live. Now, where were you guys? You said you went over to England and did the album over there? And where else in? Have you been? We've been all over the world. The only place we haven't been yet is South America.
But basically, we've called you that's why that's why I came down here last, but you were in Amsterdam. Yes, we are. Yeah, that's a great city. And what is it that you like to Amsterdam?
Definitely. Now you have to keep, do you have to keep along with each of these guys in Amsterdam?
Very well behaved.
So that's what everybody wonders because you know, you read the liner notes and it's very religious upbringing and background even talking with he then bastard like me.
We don't, I mean, we don't claim to be perfect, but.
Now, what does that mean? You don't claim to be perfect.
Are you like leaving a little door open there for some of these screaming girls?
We're not trying to preach to anybody that we're perfect because we make mistakes just like everybody else, but we, you know, we, that's our background. That's our upbringing. That's the way our parents brought us up.
Now what does that mean? That mean to screw around a little on the side or what is that?
They're going to make their parents proud but still have.
We try to, we try to, we try to, let's try not to do anything that would, you know, embarrass our families, you know, just try to make mom.
In other words, you don't want to emulate Frank here for you. You don't want to.
No, I'm not.
No, but you guys are running around all over the world. Amps to them. All these hidden places. Toronto.
And there's all these screaming girls.
Mom, 18 year old girls on your mom is back in Orlando, right?
Yeah. That's a more modern answer, damn, in a red like this. She would probably think it was the gates of hell.
Yeah. I kind of thought it was the gates of heaven myself in an instant.
And I think you guys might agree based on how kind of we were there.
Our first night there are a record company, the guy from the, the rep from the record coming took us for a walk down the red like this chicken.
We just believe it.
Yeah. Oh my gosh.
But Europe is different though. You like you say Toronto is a great city. Toronto is different from this country too.
I think Europe is just more laid back about things and that is conservative on their views.
I think the teenagers get responsibility at a lot younger age. I think that sex education is a lot better in Europe.
And I think they give their teens more responsibility at an earlier age.
They're not immature in juvenile, like we are in a hurry.
And they travel all over Europe on the trains. And the young people are very, very mature there.
Well you guys are really kicking ass and I appreciate you coming down.
So the other guys are just going to hang up stairs and pang.
And the kind of the concert by the way is you can bring them down here.
Of course everybody's after Nick. Everybody knows is he because why don't you guys get into dyes here like dark.
So he doesn't stand off so much.
No seriously because obviously because he's the one blonde guy in a group. There's five guys and he like stands out and everybody screaming.
And there's Nick because he's blonde. So I think you just get into dyes here.
You might do it.
That might do the job.
And it's going to be great concert. I guarantee you that. In fact, I'm going to give away a couple of my grids.
I need to come.
I was going to come but I thought that's going to be kind of embarrassing with all those little stuff.
Why?
We have no really. We have people from all ages all walks of life.
Lots of old fags that go to see.
Everybody.
A lot of other fags that go to see is that when you say George you miserable.
Actually I said old fags.
Old fags like me. He didn't say anything.
Well there are some fags. What's wrong with that?
Not a thing.
Not a thing.
There you go. I rest my case. I might actually show up now.
I feel like less than a thing.
I don't want to see what you think.
So you can tell your viewers.
Okay.
Don't keep these away.
So you can tell your viewers.
Yeah. Your listeners tomorrow I eat that out of the show.
What I thought of the show.
That's a new thing.
Very soon.
See, you're not going to get this at power 96 because they're not even probably playing in music.
You know, this is a pop show in a alleged music station.
Well thanks a lot guys.
Thanks for having us.
And continue to look.
And I'll show up tonight.
Believe it or not.
I will. I'm going to.
We'll be listening.
Excellent. Okay. Thanks.
Thanks a lot guys.
All right.
Okay. They're backstreet boys. They're hotter and epistle guys.
I'm going to the toilet.
Get me a stick. Get far and aeroplane.
Dr. Get on the Wheel of Fortune game.
I just got to win.
Spin the Wheel again.
Oh, Vanna. Big me a letter.
Thanks Rob. What do you mean?
Thanks Rob.
I don't fear how much money I got to spend.
Can't stand to look at that day.
Jack again.
Won't throw in the tower.
Still live by your powers.
Oh, Vanna.
Big me a letter.
Hey, man.
What do you mean there's no F and F?
Vanna. Big me a letter.
No one does it any better.
I dream about you.
Hey, Vanna.
Is that an all over Santa?
Why?
Vanna. I don't understand why you make a hundred grand.
I'm not going to say.
Anyway.
Get me a stick. Get far and aeroplane.
Dr. Get on the Wheel of Fortune game.
I just got to win.
Spin the Wheel again.
Oh, Vanna. Big me a letter.
Good work.
Oh, Vanna. Look at it.
Oh, hi.
Hey, get out of my face.
But it's not a two-way.
Hey, there. How is that word?
Is it low riders?
Oh, hi. Look at that.
Forget the letter, man.
I'll take Vanna. Why?
You beautiful lady.
You and me could play the home game.
Got me a stick. Get far and aeroplane.
All right.
I'm on the Wheel of Fortune game.
Yeah.
I just love that sound.
I'm in the bonus round.
Hey, Vanna.
Big me a letter.
Close the turn.
Hey, Crash.
Close it.
Vanna. Big me a letter.
No one does it any better.
I dream about you.
All right. That isn't all over again.
Vanna. I don't mean to say.
But are you wearing underwear?
Not wear.
Not for me to say.
Anyway.
I don't care how much money I got to spend.
Can't stand to look.
Can't pass a jackal again.
Won't throw in the towel.
Feel like by your bowels.
Oh, Vanna.
Big me a letter.
Please, Vanna.
Big me a letter.
All right. I'm ready to pick, baby.
Hey, V-C-D-E-M-E-G-T.
I'm going to pick you on a C-B-W-I-D.
That's your cover, man.
All right. I'll take the sofa, the blender,
the microwave, the refrigerator.
Say, man, what do you mean 500 dollars for a black and white
five in portable TV set?
You got ripped off, man.
My brother and also get a few wholesale.
Give me the money and I'll buy the TV set, man.
All right.
Hey, Vanna, come on, baby.
The Neil Roger Show.
Now, on 5.60 WQAM, Miami Fort Lauderdale.
I can't believe what just happened.
Did you hear that?
Did you hear the way that that music was fading
and the IV still played over at George?
Not that I want to get the audience involved in technical,
I can't believe that that works that way.
It's set up to do that, yeah.
It is?
It's great.
And everybody thinks of an obsolete machine.
What?
The VCS?
They're going audio vaults everywhere.
I got news for you.
The audio vault is a piece of...
Compared to anything.
The audio vault is for commercials that's fine.
Right.
It's okay.
Not great.
In fact, even this would be...
This is in a lot of places.
Use this first part.
Remember, we used to have all the spots from other hosts in the hot end.
Right.
But in there, that's where the problem arises.
It doesn't interface well with the traffic computer system.
They were having problems over there at Hot Runify with the DCS.
Well, like I said, let the commercial people deal with the audio vault,
which is a piece of garbage,
and we'll take our DCS here.
Thank you very much.
I'm just blown away.
It's great.
By the way, that's just...
I hit it like a second early and thought,
well, maybe it'll chop the other thing off, but who cares?
And it's just the music faded out there.
And nobody in the audience really cares about this,
because on QA and there used to...
They used to have that kind of sound from our Car Machine Number 5,
which by the way, if this company had any self-respect, which they don't,
they would get rid of that thing.
Now they would blow it up right on here.
We'd have a party.
That's my girl.
Seriously, this year, your number one with this God-for-saken company,
that's my goal, is to embarrass them.
Because you know those studios upstairs on the second floor.
I mean, even in the Usky, they live long enough to see those.
Do I say upstairs on the second floor on the eighth floor?
Whatever the hell it is.
But the bottom line is at least put something in there.
So when somebody's commercials are playing on the air,
and somebody can understand what it is.
So at least we pretend that we care about doing something for their 100 bucks,
or 200 bucks, or 5,000 bucks, or whatever we're soaking out of them on that particular day.
Now that we had a good book, they're 10 grand.
God, no, no shame whatsoever.
These people are astonishing.
And I'll give you another... This is a great one.
I was halfway kidding with George when I came in this morning.
I said, you know, I'm kind of curious as to what day is going to be payday this.
So we got George's on direct deposit, which I am not.
And I don't want to be on direct deposit for reasons which, you know,
I got my company and I write myself a check.
It's a little more complicated.
I want to have it in my hand and the check too.
And I said, what do you think about a V?
And then the fillers came down here.
I find office manager.
Maybe you don't want to miss a round of fillers.
And at any rate, she came down.
I said, anybody know what day is going to be payday this week when we're getting our checks?
And she said, well, let's see.
The moon is in Uranus, and the cow is on the backyard fence.
And the 10th and the 25th are technically supposed to be the paydays here at Beasley Rear Broadcasting.
And I will say that they have been very early with the paycheck.
Now some of the other checks are a little on the slow side.
But the paychecks have actually come early.
But it's kind of like at their whim.
In other words, whenever we got a few bucks in the bank, let's give them the check now and make sure it clears today.
So like the 25th should be payday, but the 25th is Sunday.
So any place that I've ever worked in my life when the payday is on a weekend day,
you always get your check the day before the weekend, which this case would be Friday the 23rd.
Payday should be on Friday, but then here's the best part, fellas, as well.
If the date comes on Saturday, then they pay on Friday.
But if it lands on Sunday, then they do it on Monday, which is a way of pushing it back just one more day.
Can we postpone just one more day?
We're going out and take a collection on the corner here on Ives Derry Road.
So anyway, the Backstreet Boys, I guess the other three were upstairs, Brian and the Nick and the Howie.
Are upstairs with the old man? I mean, if they think I'm old, wait till they see the guy with the aluminum walker up there,
Power 96, Kid Curry, my ass, pops Curry. How you doing, pops?
I weren't you impressed by the fact they walked in here, those two and I knew which are the names in a whole day.
They got pretty exciting, I think.
You're very hip for an old fact like me.
They were good guys and they're not, I was a little bit nervous about that because I didn't want to do a whole bunch of, you know,
you read the liner notes in the albums and it's Jesus and God and this and Jesus, you know,
and all I think they were saying like they were talking about Amsterdam is good God, that was good.
Here's Pemberpine, hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Our first call of the morning, happy Wednesday to you, sir.
Happy Wednesday. Happy, who?
Yes. Happy Humper Day.
Yes, sir.
The Cuba thing.
Yes, sir. Have you noticed a lot of the family reunions going on on the news?
Yeah.
You know, the people that escaped Cuba and the rest and they're all going back now?
What's going to happen when the Pope leaves and the Castro decides not to let all these people back out?
I think they'll be fed fairly well.
Those Cuban prisons, right three squares a day.
Yeah, I mean, you see all these people and they're all going over there and meeting their family and, you know,
to how you doing and I can't wait to get back to America.
I don't think you're in a live now.
The whole episode epitomizes the insanity of the human race.
As we watch all of these people carrying on and getting all emotional and swept up in this garbage
and I got CNN on here waiting for the moment when, when his majesty, his holiness, his,
uh, poppa,
Senility ill papa la papa la papa la Pope, uh, when he arrives there is that this is going to change something.
And of course it is absolutely not.
And then we had the guy yesterday people bend over back toward the show respect that I have no idea why,
because these people are the cancer of the universe, these so-called religious leaders and the Pope especially,
preaching this anti-human, this hateful crap which the eradicate has been doing since its inception,
with all these crazy popes through the centuries.
And all while he's the Pope, you know, we can't say these things. Well, guess what I am.
Yep. Well, you're the only one who speaks the truth.
Exactly. And I'm closing.
Yes, sir.
Phil, your cruise on douchebag.
I dumped this. Have a great time.
Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Hello. Yes, ma'am.
I heard you were giving away the best of what tickets.
Yeah.
Can I have them?
It all happened.
That's the job sucking around.
Yeah, that didn't suck around too good.
I mean, it was just so you came right out and just de-blurred it, you know.
How old are you?
I'm 16.
16, aren't you in school today?
We have exams.
Oh, you have exams, so you're not in school.
No.
Where do you live?
Fort Lauderdale.
And you're going to drive along? Well, we're not really that far.
You're going to drive down here and pick them up?
Oh, I guess so.
You got them, George?
And you're going to go.
I'm not going to get you're not going to, you know, put this down and have you talk to George and then you're going to leave these tickets sitting here, right?
Right.
You're going to take them.
What seats are they?
Okay, she's gone.
Oh, that was the best.
22 years have took me to get to that point.
And finally, we finally hit the jackpot.
Like fate Dentalway said, we hit the goddamn motherload.
Isn't that what you said?
Oh, my God.
That was pretty good.
You were better than that free loading lady that you owned on the TV.
Oh, that, you see it wasn't even in the same ballpark with this one.
16 years old.
What seats are they?
Are they bedsteads in the house?
That's not really wish.
Yeah.
They're right in the next lap.
that part is that close enough honey
lap this i cannot believe my ears man
i thought that after all this time nothing would shock me but that was the
best she sounded like she was squealing like she was on the verge of a major
sports court action
the back door boy she's like on the way to san osueda well what's he
today well i guess you don't have any seats is what you don't have well
there's a good there's a good seminar for all your people out there any time
that we have something to give away which isn't too often
you want to talk yourself out of it that's a perfect way to do it well i don't
have something better than that
that's he be a game is pretty crappy can i exchange it for something else
haha
oh god
honey you made my day and my week i thought this was going to be a desperate day
but no matter what happens from now to the clock
that just made my day in my life i don't know which i enjoyed more cn a
j in cabinet here this morning where the hell was nick and brine and howie for
christshakes
i see that
concept of the yet they took nick and howie upstairs they took the best
looking guys up there that's alright that's okay
i'll get to meet them at the concert tonight that guy said come and see me at
six o'clock come back stage and we'll do a little
number back there i don't know what number he was thinking about i know which
one i was thinking
so i'm done what soft shoe
i think was the number that comes after sixty eight
the killing the cold i'll take that okay thing was in yesterday's always in yesterday's
paper
danla bastard
it will fill us with no because she loves old days she's got pictures all over
the wall of filis
what are we going to do with your sweetheart how about the bottom of the first
artist
but anyway and i know i know i'm not going to get started i need to be suspended
for two weeks
so where's the uh... where's the paper
what do you laugh about oh you do have the paper yeah i know that whole
story full of you know for only about hank you want to hear the real story about
hank
would mean that in there
now here it is it's right here what is wrong with you man
i think that folks trip to cuba's putting too much pressure on your brain
when she brought us down is that yesterday's this is uh... two days this is
yesterday that's what you think you okay but this is it thank you for this
even though you are screwed up
uh... where's the story
all right all right all my god
all my god simson seems more famous than infamous danla bastard
with a picture in your dog i'd as my life is put like you know it's uh... you
know what time of day it is in a club in his hand
it used to have a big club in his hand
like him or not simson can hypnotize you when he talks
he says look i've been in a bathroom alone with red gold and he thinks i
murdered son maybe if i was an issue that's a the same things he said about me
he's been a bad in a bathroom alone with red goldman
what's all of that mean what's all where they do it in there
there you go now the real stories coming out
danla bastard sucking around just another there's so many suckles what did i
tell you i told you months ago and so tired of suckles i'm tired of ask his
is man
the guy is a court wanted murder who was a big piece of crap before that
with nothing but a dumb ex-jocke
but when you're dealing with these guys who write these jock columns bandar
and such you know i started out the show this morning with the was no comment
about of course is usual about all these guys in guys being arrested again
mostly at the dolphin and of course uh... webrew of uh... you know Chris Weber
of the wizards
which their other name wasn't good enough for us and i'll consider the wizards
and shan burks got a pay for beaten up his wife and that we got uh... it was a
consulco for the foreign with time will be up his first wife and that beat up his
second wife
and on and on it goes
and those of you who got this mindless admiration for these idiotic jocks
for these overpaid morons
it uh... makes me feel
including the animal bastard thank you very much sir for bringing that to my
attention
so we once again can point out to the public that the herald is a piece of garbage
anyway so i'm reading during the last break i read this entire column i'm
gonna tell you right now i wouldn't waste the time number one or what i
dignified this miserable idiot
by reading this danella bastard column from yesterday's here all i wouldn't do
it
for all the money in the world i'm just gonna tell you something if you're one of
those people that feels uncomfortable if you want to put but you don't want to
stick your finger down your throat
just read this and i guarantee you will be heaving for hours
oh my god effect uh... princess dyes she can set a stick in her finger down
there she could use this just kept reading it every day and she would have
accomplished the same thing
i have never read such
swill such
obfuscation of the obvious of the fact is this piece of direct as they try to
humanize the subhuman piece of garbage called or j
danella bastard hang your head and shame and i just can't wait for the
letters to start pouring in the herald about that piece of dirt on
and if you have written one even if you didn't read it right in the letter
anyway tummies and asshole
danella bastard at the herald
what a what a bunch of garbage
yeah he sure is uh... yeah good con artist here
this speaker
despise president
members of the one hundred fifth congress distinguished guests
my fellow americans
i have a incomprehensibly large
tool
thank you
thank you
but if he did that bank all of jones
or what if he did bang a jenifer flower
don't you remember when he was on with uh... who is he on with that the
before godlike the first time
with on sixty minutes
and he and he'll be came on and they did the interview in the estate had these
very old problems
and he was screwing around and but i've been in about a boom whatever was going
on and he still got elected nobody cares
he still survived the erection the election nobody cares nobody care
bank all of he just pulled it out
how do you know that are you watching this thing they have a
and they're saying he pulled it out
michael korey doing more tonight house books and michael korey just came on a
front of the whole press court said he didn't banger but he pulled it out
how do you like that
i'm going to tell you something anybody that would even even think sexual
thoughts with that bitch in the same building she is
if i were so inclined which i'm not no matter what you look like but i got
news for you
there are few human be there few living beings of any kind even a meabuse would
go any opposite direction if they saw Paula Jones
she is one of the most meast looking people even edmys look better than her
okay that's how bad she looks
oh my god she looks she is so grotesque i have seriously i have seen
penises that look better than her nose although very similar and much more
appealing yes
president companies about their destination are very even news conference
the white house is anticipating questions about white water
ladies and gentlemen the president of the united states
good evening ladies and gentlemen
question
yes sir the best
uh yeah i don't know if it's relevant but i got another underwear question
i think it is highly well
oh cool good could you show us your underwear
could i do it yes i could
oh those are great global dark bullwinkles has genit reno seen those
i have asked janit reno to look at it
that's great hey well thanks for the show thank you for asking
this is the end
awkward can't keep a packer in his hand
i believe this Paula Jones said i wanted to jump her
bone even though i like Hillary
and there's things i like she won't do for me
the outcome for all is blowing the whistle son
she wouldn't do that in 91 i wish she dropped the charges like
i dropped my jaws at faithful night
here we go Paula Jones that had made
comes in quiet a consumer seat you know we better hide
to work for the site i tried to get it to work really
all the show i made trying to get 700 grand for me
and i'll thank you for really strange irony because now she's trying to bring me
to my knees
to anybody else take it off an office pool is to which day
allegory becomes president day how which day do you think five days ten days
let's do that better than betting on a super bowl
well here's Bernadette who i did not see last night
i knew before i say anything about what he grab her and what an asshole he is
yes we're all right were you there it was wonderful
it was pouring rain it was wonderful yep you must be off your rockers
it were crazy it was fun seeing them all jump up and down and go crazy over a
couple of boys but Nick is cute how where were you sitting about ten rows back on the left hand
side of the stage ten was great wait wait a minute ten rows back from what from the from the
state you were ten rows back from the stage it was awesome so now one day you thought it was great you
didn't get soaked no oh my god no we were underneath that pavilion awesome do you know something
i am gonna i'm not a violent person but i'm gonna go out here on 440 won't get a lot of gun
shots i'm gonna buy an are some kind of a weapon no no no no i'm what he grab her you better run
for your life sweetheart because it's all over no we were sitting behind the sound pit you know
where that is in the box right behind the sound pit where all the uh sound equipment is yeah like
about 400 rows behind you like about a half a mile away oh no oh yes and of course when you're
sitting back there i was looking for you when you're sitting back there all the when it when it
when it gets which was like the whole two hours it's blowing all the rain and then of course it's
coming on everybody and then also because it's slanted the back section is slanted downward
but the rain that's coming in now starts forming a lake that runs and stops right at our feet
there was like sitting in canadaeg wellake i thought i was back home again oh no no we didn't get
it it made your you didn't get wet at all isn't that nice burn it that thank you Neil oh you're
wonderful you're so welcome have a great day bye bye i wondered why i didn't see her because she
had the good seats woody graber gives me his seats and why didn't woody graber or one of you very
helpful people out there bothered telling me yesterday we get 450 calls with directions oh here's
how you get to this coralsky amphitheater nobody bothered telling me that this is this thing is a joke
at least take a jacket maybe you know a an umbrella maybe a poncho maybe all three of the above
this thing is as open as uh canty willets it's as open as monica lawinski who that's right monica
that's your monica the coralsky amphitheater so if they paid me a thousand dollars to go there
again i wouldn't even think about it and now i'm hearing you know somebody called in yesterday oh
I saw aero smith there was really great the acoustics are great of course there was a 45 minute
warm-up show let me just tell you this okay the back street boys were at the skydome in Toronto
they were made believe gardens in Toronto they performed at the biggest facilities all over the
world they come to the coralsky amphitheater aero smith comes to the coralsky amphitheater
doesn't it rain like 70% of the days in the year and maybe more than that in florida isn't there
and especially lately with uh everything that's going on a chance that you're going to get soaked
now all those young hysterical girls there they didn't care because they were already wet when
they came in i but believe me soaked those hormones were hit it made no difference the one
sitting away in the back pneumonia city they don't care and the show is great kids were great they do
a great job they put on a tremendous show the acoustics in aero grace but what kind of an
ethnic places that coralsky amphitheater i wouldn't take my dogs there you know i think about
these assholes that go to outdoor concerts it reminds me the last playoff game that really sticks
in my mind that i went to with the dolphin sandy egg again a few years ago when it poured cats and
dogs the entire game and the third quarter somebody finally passes me back about a two-dollar poncho
and of course i'm sitting there and at that point i just gave up i figured in the pneumonia city
and i ever got a scratch in my throat for some miracle just like today i have no idea how i didn't
even get a scratch in my throat either because the rain the wind is just mowing all of this rain in
there like all over your head now the lake is forming at your feet and after they did the last song
before the anchor i said okay let's get out of here we make a run for it got got about halfway
towards the back because you get from what he seats you can't go up the frontway oh no you can't
get through there you got to go all the way to the back and around all the seating to the parking lot
out there in the middle of the pasture but go into the buffalo at the buffalo raceway the hamburger
fair in hamburger new york it's a cow pasture which is nothing wrong with the county fair i mean
that's fine everybody likes pigs and chickens and they there were plenty of pigs there i would say
there was like 90 percent teenage girls there there was about 5 percent guys and then there was a
few queens and so when i finally there's this 15 minute intermission between these waste of time
45 minute warm-up backs and when the back street boys come out so now i figured well i got to go
take a leak this is a great time so i go back there and i'm walking out and of course now the rain
is coming and i get to the back of the thing and i start walking away and i hear some
oh i just can't wait to see those five beautiful boys some queen but some screamer back there
some screaming queen and at that point i wish i would have had like a poncho just to put over my
head and shame like what is this bag it doing here okay i mean let butchup just a little bit sweet
heart oh i just can't wait to see those five beautiful boys and by the way nico opi 18 for three more
days okay so put it away sweetie it's the van to two hour hi very
3
oh
i could USA
i couldn't
music
music
music
music
music
music
music
music
music
music
music
music
music
music
music
music
music
music
music
You can still have to start to go home on your own.
You can still go home on your own.
You have to start to go home on your own.
Okay, here.
Now, don't start eating before we release good on the air.
Al Goldstein is here, Mr. Pornow.
If I eat, I can't have sex with the radio because once I eat it, I can't eat it.
He's the lead to God damn microphone now.
He's the lead to God damn microphone now.
At least put some apostasy on her first.
Yes, I have an apostasy on his hand.
He's from Pizza Law, by the way, who wants your business?
Yes, he wants your apostasy.
Now you're a apostasy on your own.
You would think that your experience would be able to work something phallic like that.
A little bit better.
I'm just confusing you with this thing.
I'll look at strifting.
Okay, can you hear me?
I'm up to you.
You're okay.
You're okay.
Okay.
For a potman in the Amsterdam, which I love.
I'll be there for you.
What are you doing, Sam?
No, I'll look.
What he just did.
What are you doing here, Mr. Get out of here.
Put that thing back and he's talking with our microphone.
No, you don't want that down.
Oh, my God.
I agree with everything you said about Clinton.
Here, let me get up and handle this thing.
Here, let me turn this shut up a minute.
No, give it to me.
Here, please.
I'm begging you just quickly.
Here, let's slide it in.
Anybody knows how to slide it in here?
No, okay.
Can you hear me?
I want to tell you, you know, I live with Rose, my family.
No, you got a bag.
Okay.
Can you hear me now?
In the middle.
God, you're like the guy with a bagpipes for Christ's sake.
Can you hear me, George?
Come on.
Is this a light boat?
I had the best read glium on here, two of me yesterday.
And you couldn't hear them either.
This is the kind of crap equipment they give us to work with.
I got an important high pay Jew, a pornographic guest.
That's a radio check.
994.
Exactly.
You see, if you tell like even to the side what's for you, it should be easy.
Am I a like motionless?
I should be easy.
Like a Jew, like a rock, like a big rock.
If this could be a human.
Yeah, like a Jewish woman having sex motionless, right?
Speaking of the Jewish woman, I put it up to shape lotion on and shape.
Shout out like Amy.
She wants to know if you and I are doing it.
I said, no, you like your men, younger.
And you don't like a man who's really like, you know, well hung like me.
You're, you're, you're, you're going to be hung.
Yeah.
You got married.
I didn't get married.
I've never been, I'm old for four.
You didn't, until I taught you.
I didn't even love one.
You didn't even know who Peter North was until I had the wife.
I got to do it.
I got an award, Lifetime Achievement.
This is for you.
Or the category, Gay Straight By.
Oh, it's wonderful.
Let me interrupt you on something.
You know, I was reading because I'm trying to think of something good to say about you
besides you eat a lot.
No, it is not hard at all.
But I was reading one of the eight million books I read on the planes.
I, I wish to have a member which one it was.
It was about the, the media and the gaze.
And it was about a really stone wall days and about how you and Skramp Magazine
were the first ones that came out and like, how about that?
You should want to have the first kill.
So, I may put a lot in Skramp Magazine, a lot of homophobic stuff in there, but he really loves Faggot.
I'm bisexual.
I've done a few guys.
I don't want it.
I'm not Peter North.
No.
Oh, my God.
We could handle that.
It's too big.
Look at those categories.
First of all, I got a Lifetime Achievement, you know, like you first.
And then plus you'd have to scum.
I mean, just everybody has to scatter like, you know, several yards away.
It's true with Peter North.
It is true.
You don't, you don't.
Get out the lifeboat, sweetheart.
I know you're really half of Ron Jeremy and Randy West.
Yeah.
Oh, man.
Right in the middle of my lunch.
This must be the, this must be the new Al Goldstein diet.
To lose your appetite in the middle of the meal, to step bringing up the schmootsiest, the most disgusting, Ron Jeremy.
He's my dear friend, but he's a true.
I am the Rockley and Harry.
He's our mostly Ugly and Harry except for Bobby Benson, right?
So that's why they have to do this, Secretary, and give hookers money.
We always pay our women.
And what timing to what about Clinton with all these ugly bitches that he's doing?
I would rather Clinton was doing the Pope.
Right.
At least that would be interesting.
Probably the Pope wishes it too.
Because he looks like he's very close to the end, if you know what I'm saying.
But I wanted to keep that book because it's all the categories.
And I mean, the best costume in a porn film.
It's amazing.
And I got an award for the Lifetime Achievement for from my 19 arrests.
You know, I've been fighting this battle.
Yeah.
But it's a, how come they, how come they made a movie about Larry Flint and they haven't made a movie about you yet?
Just like a walk.
Oh, is that it wasn't shot?
Well, I got news for you about another week.
I would say you'll solve that problem.
Because this meal might get the movie made.
I hope this could do it.
You know, I know you're a cigar smoke.
And I know I, because you are a homosexual Jew.
A Jew Fag.
Yeah.
I'm not going to give you this one to carry you cigar.
And I'm giving you this one.
You're using that.
You're using that.
Well, I hope it's a circumsigned.
Yes, it is.
And then you just, you talked about the, you know, the operations.
You know something you have to know, rest for in some place.
And when you put your cigar around, it's a nice cigar.
Yeah.
Oh, that's beautiful.
It's got a spring in it and the whole day of cigar holder.
Peanut shape.
Long, I really painted shapes in this color.
I'm sorry.
Certain times in penis colored.
Although I've never seen a penis quite that color.
I've seen many of them, but not quite that color.
I guess.
This one's almost like technical.
Maybe this is what Jim this penis looks like.
That Randy was always talking about.
I think she's that one.
No, that one's straight.
Yeah, this one is straight.
And she is this curve.
No pain.
You think my art department is woman Donna paints this on.
I mean, these are campars.
And paint it.
If I could tell you what that, are you hearing him okay in there?
No.
No, I can't.
What do you want me to do?
No, no, no.
I'm going to find you in the brain.
If not, you know, there's this microphone is the biggest piece of crap.
And I told you yesterday I got Kevin from the Backstreet Boys in AJ.
I mean, forget about it.
He's off to the side.
You can't hear them.
And you wonder why the hell we're going off the ear on this place.
They've got equipment that I wouldn't wish.
Let's show his bio microphone.
Let's show his voice.
Let's show his bio microphone.
Come on.
Renter radio share.
So I have these guys on the show, these kids yesterday, who are hotter than the pistols.
You probably never heard of them in your school.
I know the kids are here to kids calling him for free tickets.
But so in the liner notes on their CD, in fact, like, well, I'm going to hear some more.
It's Jesus this and I want to thank the Lord.
But anyways, so what are they talking about yesterday?
Because they've been the last year touring the world.
And about how great Europe is and how there's so much light years ahead and so much more enlightened.
And they have so much better sex education.
And the kids are so much more broad minded and how much they love Amsterdam.
And what a trip to the red light district was.
Of course, they show you.
You take these repressed American goyem like that.
And you let them go around the world and see what the real world is all about.
And it's a miracle.
Well, as I told you, I took an impromptu.
I wish I could hear you.
What do I do, so I just want you to sit in your lap.
I'm not ready for suicide yet.
But Amsterdam, I'm at a coffee shop.
I'm having refaith of $2 Moroccan hash, smoking fulbousa doth,
and the sex action two blocks away.
And you know that the society that runs beautifully, the trams are on time.
Everything works.
The herring in May is wonderful.
There's not even long lines in McDonald's there.
And then I'm feeling, and we think we're free in America.
I love it that the emergence, if it moves, they'll sell it.
So you're welcome to my apartment.
It's in the red light district, which I know you'll hate the end.
It's the hospital.
The hot area, that's what I want to be.
I signed the lease in two weeks.
Yeah.
And it's 1,600 gilder.
It's a block, 800 gilder a month.
Yeah, it's peanuts.
So the other is the cheap to live there.
Is that what you're telling me?
No, but this place I found is great.
Because I want to, what is it like a two by four room in a youthful?
Very tiny.
One flight to work up.
If you are a resident of Amsterdam.
Oh, it's very tiny and you're going to walk up to flight.
I'll be carried by Rose.
So why don't you just bring me the key and you'll never be able to get in there anymore?
I can't worry me.
If you are a resident of Amsterdam, you're allowed to grow eight joints.
So I want to learn what's your horticulture.
I want to have a green thumb.
I want to grow my own grass, have Cubans of Gauze.
And I want to ignore this American government nonsense.
I hate our countries because we have leaders like...
So I say when we impeach your Clinton, we ought to like make you president.
I'd be good.
No, be excellent.
I'd be good.
Then everybody could wear that t-shirt.
This is if you I have enough friends.
I love that.
I've made this over to you many times.
Midnight blew was on C band.
If you ever wanted a D-scramble, you just call me.
I get to one free.
Yeah, but I might accidentally come across that one.
I'm Jeremy.
But yeah, that's what you're in.
Oh, well choice of three stations every minute.
So if Ronnie's on a Randy West's on switch to another station,
I could save the $300.
I got to say this to you.
The fact that Ron Jeremy has actually made money in the Pornow business.
No, you're laughing, but you know what I'm going to say.
The fact that he goes to show you the Jews are the best merchants in the universe.
Because the fact that anybody would pay to see him doing anything.
I mean, I'd pay him to put more clothes on.
But that's the reason.
Because you're gay.
Think of me as a straight man.
I have a woman.
I want some action.
I want to be a straight guy.
You want to see Ron?
No, we want to see a guy with a huge puppet.
We want our women to see Ron Jeremy.
So they like us.
The only thing Ron Jeremy's got to go and form is he's double-jointed.
Yes, and he's too fat now.
What the hell was that?
What you really have to learn to trade?
Okay, let me do the break.
This is so helped me, God.
This is so unbelievable.
This place.
This is easily broadcasting at its finest.
We can't even have a big 600-pound guy here who doesn't even move around the little sit down in front of a microphone.
Is the equipment here I wouldn't wish on Heinrich Kimmer.
I wouldn't wish it on the WIOD for crying out loud.
That's how bad it is.
WIOD.
Oh, I hate that station.
Get the honey, Cunia.
Now Goldstein, the pervert of Porn, the Jew Pornman of the Pornow.
I always mention that, by the way, of course, not that the Goldstein wouldn't give it away, but...
You know, these people are always talking about the Jews being the pervert as a pornography and being the problem of Hollywood and TV and everything.
All these virulent anti-Semites.
It's a good excuse.
But there are really rich ones on that shoes.
Larry Flint, you have to know Bob Guccione.
Right.
I'm like a minor luminary.
Small player.
Small potatoes, as we say.
So here's the new issue of...
Certainly.
The year of this year is our 30th anniversary.
Yeah.
I'm so sorry.
I'm going to have a big audience in September.
Oh, so you're giving away cats in New York?
It says, guarantee free pussy for you so they must be giving away cats.
It's green.
And here's...
Now, have you ever done an Asian chick?
Have you ever done Asian...
Wonderful.
They're going to eat.
Asian men also.
Very tiny.
You know, if you go to a bodelo in Bangkok, which in Japan, they charge a white accocation more because we're more well hung.
So they charge you by the inch?
Yeah.
It's like two inches I pay for.
So you got double on me.
I'll tell you that.
I was asking that the other day about...
Very good.
I don't want to get too personal.
And I'm trying to.
No, but sure, I understand.
No, no, no.
No, but you know something.
If you lost 600 pounds, you'd find...
I find it.
You'd find an extra-interpreter.
Okay.
In the James Bond movie, there's a great line that James Bond says that I am a cunning linguist.
Yeah.
That's why I'm a cunning linguist.
So, women still find me attractive.
So in other days...
I don't even need a great tongue.
Is that what you're saying?
I've already been a surgeon.
And you can't...
I know.
I've just figured out about it.
This has probably been the first time I've had witch poetry.
It's the fifth.
But quente.
You know.
Then that's all about that.
I know but, like, I've done all iolesce.
What do you mean by sperm?
uh... every two months
i think uh...
tomorrow's
months i made your work out
i worked with training for it i do uh...
uh...
uh... roby
i don't think yes
but you're not having intercourse
i don't believe in the good time
i knew it what i think it's that i know it
i'm a little bit
so much better about life in general
you know i don't want to make it a personal thing
i'm trying to embarrass you into losing some weight i did it once before
you know i know i'm going there for a while
i'm not as large as i mean thank god we at least got the pope to pick on
always on here today the death watches on big time it by the second
by the second is not looking to be in two
yeah
it's a fact we're in the pope i've done
he has a few
that don't
he has a fat rear end up
people don't say that they have to write in in cuban because all the cubans
got uh...
really women
why is it is so proud of the fact that i
i mean if i was bad to some of these
Spanish women with a with the short pants
i i would cover up
i mean if you big and fat at least you're fine
you did moon george before you came on the air that is the most disgusting thing i've
ever seen in my life you know he he got a wrecked
i thought
i'm i'm i'm i'm i'm rex
he had a wrecked all right in fact anything that saw your moon would uh...
would have a wrecked his wife crystal happens to love my moon
this year really
i bet it's a
talk a little bit of the surprise so what are we going to do about your wife
uh... how did you lose the weight the life i'm a little on the
i went to know carolina
the right
yeah
then i discovered a biscuit bill
so i think that's good i tried it and i'm going to say that you don't need biscuits
uh... they're tasty
yeah you know what i think it's basically no
what you have been
i think that's right
been in juries
you know you don't have new you have a
hobby
no fish food
never have been juries fish food no
i swear to god
a pint of that will set you off on a binge the likes of which you know i'm telling you
it's like real real real super dark chocolate loaded with with cream
and marshmallows and big chunks of chocolate it's like rocky road only three times
yeah get out of here with that
i was just thinking that dude that's that's the thing
okay well we know that's the problem that people like to eat
hot with hot bra with eating it we could just lose the god damn weight we like to eat
we appreciate food once that hobby bobby
slaves
bobby bobby that's all juries yeah they still like the great military village
i have a friend who's a food reviewer his name is dole fox
big fat guy always on the thigh but he gets fat
i i went and played the west palm beach
cuz yeah i don't know i didn't like that last breath i heard
yeah like that well i was i was gonna show my
i didn't like the last breath but but for two hours we never once talked about sex
but giant penis is any that's only about food
boring you with a love that you want to talk about sex foods far more interesting
no more diverse but all he had the difference being
that you can only have sex for so long that you can eat for a lot more
you can eat forever yeah yeah now in your case it sounds like you can do both
all three do read the petting on what you're reading yeah
during a meal i can i can turn to a box bag for a
walk up go back to the buffet table sex what can i do i let the user splinter
i can't do it again i hate that great buffet okay what's your favorite buffet
let's talk food that's how i like it
i didn't talk in predicate
predicate is a fat guy you know it you don't want to lose weight is what you
spend you're happy being a little full even though you even though you know you're
gonna kill your i ran to die five years early you just got your tummy before you came
on here that you did the the fend fend thing yeah and then you got a bad valve
yes you there for two weeks and you've already got a bad valve in your heart right nice
wasn't worth it i should have stayed fat yeah i would have been healthier
how many people bought diet at a buffet table kneel people die and break legs and shims
show me someone with a wrist grain of the buffet table
i know i have a friend in LA who takes 150 pills i said you're gonna be jogging on the side of
the road the truck is gonna run you over but you're not ready you're not old enough for a
satiety buffet no here's some nice buffets oh where's my spagas i went to the hotel you hated
oh you like the real sweet yet because the food was good 895 that lunch line food stations
you gamble i don't the food was great i was there for two hours eating and then i had my
friend tenon teller join this my friend friend's plural oh how's Alex better doing by the way
i haven't spoken with now it's a lot he was fired you know was he really works and yeah
Alex better was fired oh what a piece of bad news huh what for lack of talent i thought he was
number one yeah i went to my friends but i when he worked with us i thought he was number one and
number two i might try Alex Bennett took guys say throw yourself a favor will you pal
i told you to hire your friend change yeah he called me three three years ago when i told
me i would have thought by now you would have had a tummy tuck and your face redone and your
eyeballs read that that's his whole stick now he's uh i know i know i'm making jimmy pigs yeah
peanut peanut in the lawn peanut implants which in your case what's the point i'm not talking
on to him that's all i want i know food food recipes good food desserts that's what it's all about
September we have an aponnie in New York i hope you'll drag your tail into New York for the 30th
anniversary party i haven't been to New York in now i think New York is too sterile now for me
uh the food's good you go to Disney you'll visit the Disney people 40 sec that will show you
sleeves in the meat market we have a woman who strips with an archer he shoots arrows and he
strips a clothing off now we're gonna throw a extra money name for her head so we'll have
ended payment value but New York must be boring now though uh the mayor cleaned up the whole
guy's end time square who now wants to go to get a good boy you know you're in jaywalk but
then the leanos great food yeah uh don't believe it where in the north or here no no here i
just want you know i'm talking about the way we have to do it over here the one in New York
and third street yeah great Italian Casabella little Italy you come to New York for three days with
me off fat new i have a better idea you'll come to Rome with me no let's go to Amsterdam together
but not for food now see what are you going to herring what are you going to herring in Jesus
god the food and Amsterdam the worst you better you better be in training you're ready for a lot of
sex because the food there either sexier drugs or both because the food there i ate and i
told us on here i ate most of my meals and McDonald's i was doing the ad canito i threw away the buns
i would stand and they don't even look at you you know like in Amsterdam nobody cares what you do
in a row and so you throw away the bun you're standing with a wax paper around the meat and you're
just got meat in your mouth which you do a lot in Amsterdam anyway and uh and that was it that was
the highlight was eating the McDonald's which anywhere else in the world i would never go near there
but that's as good as it gets in Amsterdam you need a local food not in the near and place the foods
pouring we would bring rose and with Chinese food man i'm going to tell you something stay away
unless you want grotesque cameras i don't want to say this in the middle of your of a mouthful of
food all in your case one of you in there but that's that's three and a half months i suffered until
i finally got rid of hemorrhage from eating Chinese food in Amsterdam they put enough pepper and
enough spices and enough msg it's on because they figure everybody stoned anyway they want
another difference but i'm thrilled you love it because it's a great country it is the whole
country which have you been in the other part like though you trekked or the hot and the hell
i went to the hay yeah i remember the mayor of new york middle-prank hope he used to be the mayor
of new york and how was it horn what is born but a friend of mine has a has a dungeon there and
and he put my friend in Dennis Hoppel on this uh who has and cost in Nevada and beat him up for two
hours beat him up for two hours and he had twelve orgasms in 31 minutes you with some new
with proctology and stuff we don't want to go into it too graphically you're like the only
pornography supreme forget about the pornography not in the that eaters supreme outgones
here and he just what now did you really need to serial that you brought the last time i know i
put another bottle with a casco yes i love it i got the honey Cheerios cheerios is good for you
so anybody out there that's not a diet i'm sure that Alan i really help and you accomplish your
goal we'd like to eat with you now if if you're going to offer yourself right there this last meal
i want you to notify us when you're gonna do this we can get better publicity than the goddamn
Pope if i die on the air so now let me see in the in the mind it is this issue before is this
pre-the pope uh yeah i didn't even do the pope you didn't do the pope you know i didn't think of
this real then i forget i didn't a pope a gratitude village no but you know it is it's so boring
and the politicians and the news is it's all they took away is Miami and the fascist Cubans who left
these judges are liberal but i hate i i i i hate these ex-patriates who have left for
Dell and and none of them ever defend patista they want to benefit Dell except for patista
and all they want is their property back but they ripped for everyone else at the point of patista
90 percent of the of the country with the literate why would they rip patista they were buddies with
patista that's right because he gave them things and cried there i mean they are the ultimate
who is the Cuban community i i believe that and if they roll us a glove for me i understand if
they put a cat's tail in it but they are gross people and i mean they blow up museums they're
empty freedom and then of course clinton being the pimpy is i mean i can't believe we're anti-cube
china's alright vietnam we have a war with and now we have an embassy we are at this
pickable country i mean i really want more think i'm going to live in amcetting permanently
but you know something mine i like what what happened in kopenhagen look at how the rest of
the world is becoming more uptight and more like this country and more sanitize the whole world
is becoming sanitize no perverts like us about a business yeah but they but no we don't have
an open haggen did you were you ever i was there i remember tibalighard and i'm not talking about
tibalighard long before i ever went to kopenhagen that was the capital of chronology that's right
that's right and now it's like forget it like we had enough or not interested now we go to tibalighardin
and we march around and it's a little uh boring i mean talk about boring people are very nice
but boring and flared has always been the worst clothes it worried about topless clubs and stuff
you know as well as i do in all your years of radio in all your years of being in front of this
microphone have you ever found the following statement not to be true the more moralistic the
person is in public the more the hypocrite he is in private sure and the more homophobic they are
the more likely it is that the more you want to do it right you swag and i mean i know you don't
like issues but whether it was Jimmy swag at a gym bake on my first arrest and many older the
guy then went to jail three years later what about cheating and then i i don't know if you missed
but today's the focus of my dish i either saw extra or inside addition it was a guy on tv six
months ago a cop who would list the names of johns who are busted he just got busted for corruption good
it doesn't always happen it never fails uh that's the thing i had about clinton i mean you're right
they're taste but he wants to worry about indecency on the internet selling penthouse at px's that
low life i mean i'd load them for his deposit because i i i just another term he's so self-hating
but his sexual excesses he doesn't want to have any of us have any fun but him he wants all the ugly
women from self i really do hate but you do know the day is going to come maybe we won't
live this year but the day will come that somebody is going to have the balls to stand up and say
what you just got through saying it'll come eventually i hope you say well wait a minute you
know something we don't care about these things it's all about your a bull crap it's all political
a crap trap because again just go to live and here's how much he's screwing around nobody really cares
it if he had enough intelligence not to be lying about it not to be covering it up he's going to
wind up with the same thing that nixon wind up but you mark my words it's going to be the same
crap again i agree with you i might say and then we'll answer them is i'm sure you pay the low
fee in New York to answer them klm two three hundred dollars round trip coach you fly coach yeah
i tried to do upgrades well i will live the talko animal rights you fly coach a big shot like
you i can't i can't how do you spit that ass seriously how do you fit that six hundred pound ass
into a coach seat what do you get three seats one for your wife no i say it's emergency row and
this well i haven't done it yet i i did fly other airlines first class is the first of them
doing coach and i don't want to cash my mileage and you're going you're going in cargo
there's no there is no way don't stick your ass on that meet skill that they got there we got to put
your uh luggage on the following is only uh it's not a powerful but real tomorrow i'm flying to
LA i'm going to be on friends on march 12th episode there's some scene involving uh pornography and
they're going to have me on camera really march 12 not naked oh thank god no the screen isn't big
enough to show my eagmail member so i want to be sure but this work will be program you have for
Puerto Ricans in the Cubans right week is when when is this time up and then you're higher than
the next bad as sure person who is your that a three-year employment contract if his time is up
the next one's going to be you look a lot better than that you know why do i have someone you can beg
i mean do you do him to agree some of i'm not the least but interested why is that i think you've
got a good point yeah i mean why don't you hire someone you can do yeah that's a good idea
i only hire people i want to have sex with but one quick question before you went to your
commercial field i bought um uh i'm a birthday i paid for it's usual uh two-odges meal and this
wife's meal now where was this uh a place called hops good to take the $12 but here's my
question how some pancakes and i have no no no no hops it's cool my question is is this meal
i have this discount as equal i mean it was as he reciprocated or have you reciprocated i was
going to take you out tonight but you're going to the tracks so i am going to the track again you
escaped again are you searching for a new sensation in dining if you're tired of that same old
muffin grind then why not revisit an old friend and eat at the Y that's right folks because here
at the Y we've turned our old facilities into a mouthwatering buffet and you've never seen us
friends like this one featuring some of the most delicious on trays you've ever tasted and if
you like eating Mexican stew let's why because every night is hot oh night or if you enjoy the taste
of wild dish our chefs prepare a little snacking stockade rabbit baked in a golden flower
cross that's right pair of pie it's all here literally mounds of piping hot food including
juicy steaks cooked medium rare because when you eat at the Y all the meat is baked in the middle
or if you like spicy food here's an unusual on tray a red hot teaching you will say talk about
a piece of ass that brings tears to your eyes it lets back in goodness you won't want to miss
oh the next time shoot it out light on down to the Y
that's just one thing you think it's a little special to learn but you really aren't sure because
you have no idea what it's like that's right I tried it but I thought you were having the
operation I thought you were like on a way to being once since you can't find your peanut
but it's not complete yet I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm different harm on it's just slightly
inverted at this point it is and it and actually it's bigger than George I mean I've heard of an
ingrown toenail I'm maybe in size but if it's really ingrown like it's doing myself no but oh
I every woman I've interviewed I don't want to get wrong because I know you're giving that
point of thoughts one and plus the dump goes off too so don't be afraid but every
point of actress and I interviewed them from midnight below my show of 22 years I always
get them who who is better at cuddling us a man or a woman everyone never been an exception every
woman has said a woman it's no surprise and I'm always amazed that if my woman was with another
woman I find another turn on which one is the turn but if I said hey maybe you want to see me
with a man she'd say oh no no no you're a faggot so we really accept bisexuality and women we
love it as men but women don't like their men being gay because maybe I don't know what you say
don't the woman I know that no that's yes well there must be a real a lot of unhappy women
married to Cuban guys well they're the worst right because yeah Cuban men are very high
and a titan men are almost all of them bisexual and of course the more they deny a
patty not won't deny it they won't talk yeah yeah right but Cuban will deny it vehemently
and the more they deny it the more that means they are well if you look in the pages of
screw we'll see all those transvestites and we call them chicks with bash you know a pre-op
98 presented I must vanish either Puerto Rican or Cuban so there must be a real let's
real big in sale polo and real right in fact more that they say that's where the men are men
and so are the women that's funny it's true though I have seen it Wednesday is appetizing day at
my office in New York City and I see these extraordinarily beautiful women and then they turn around
and get guys so I I can't tell gender anymore and when I was young to me a gay guy was a
seminary walk this door you know now a gay guy somebody who only gay guys walk their dog
well but that was this will be a lot of facts in my neighborhood I see all these people all
these married guys walking their dogs that's the tail tail sign I guess what I don't walk my dog
how do you like that over that this was my theory in the 1950s but now you know a guy can be a quarter
back a football player all the stereotyping I've ever done on gay or straight has has has
dissipated and I don't care how many hockey games you watch how many times you see the godfather
it doesn't make you macho you have you have the accoutrements of a macho what what is macho
macho the guy who's the sports fan all these I hate sports and I hate sports fan we
want this is good that you got in this because on this radio station being you know sports
one of our ponderous they really believe and there are times you'll hear some of these guys almost
come right out and say it they believe that unless you're a real I'm not talking about just a
hockey fan like I am I used to like how the sports that they become boring but unless you live
in breathe sports and love to gamble on it too that you're a faggot that basically you're a
real panty that you're not a real man unless sports is your entire life I feel that all the
people who listen to this station all these fans yelling and saying we won we we want I think of
T.S. Eliot the the hollow men the empty men get our life we didn't win it's like looking at
Ron Jeremy in the film having sex think we got laid no you can get laid Ron Jeremy got laid
it's like curious and wasn't it grotesque yeah but it's like watching me at a buffet we ate no I
ate you more on you saw me eating I mean this criteria that would be that I just gave you the next
best idea for screw magazine you know maybe you already did it but I got it is to out all the gay
athletes of course not I mean if they hit the run the edges Troy Ackman's see if I have
hundreds thousands I say that most of them I 98% just to piss the people off I believe that
you just look for the guy's bent over he's got his hands out of the other guy's crotch you get an
eagle six yeah double penetration I've been asking for years and they're laid back by the way well we
don't care when I say crap don't say it anyway I won't take one but don't say it but I've been
saying for years that the sports is the only endeavor in American life where a guy can
a young guy go up and pat another guy on the butt right on the ass right yes yeah they kiss a
after they went in big yeah but pat a guy on the ass yeah now if a lawyer wins a big case when
they won the old jaytrod the Johnny Cochrane go up and pat uh if we bail on his big fat ass of
course not though jay he grabbed his grip he lost while he liked it I think I think there's
something going on there yeah but what is that what is that thing in sports where there's this
tremendous feeling touchy and he's these people don't want to think as long as they don't think
about or you don't force him to think about it then they're comfortable doesn't bother them
but as soon as they start thinking why don't I know what is that then it becomes very new
the way I'm before and after before 10 and after till you're all a bunch of faggot
haha basically that's what I told them yeah it's true that's what I told people are in the
juxtapes people are want to watch that guys go out and grab at each other you're naked you're
you're taking showers that's a gay club you moron you're in a fair club you're looking for
glory holes that's that's it admitted to Miami doff and bathhouse yeah it's the advocate is the
advertiser how did you have a little bit of sexual you're a feminine I mean Neil and I you know
maybe we've had a few audiences but we're we're real men you are faggot amen I have just
tasted your snapper
oh
don't know we were out on our first day after hearing
Girl's so hard, I just need a girl so hard, but I do.
The older her, the more I hate it, through my close and in my head.
It's the light of love, when you don't know so much, I must get some air.
It's the light of things I didn't say.
Girl's so hard, girl's so hard, she kept telling me that girl.
Girl's so hard, but I do.
I heard another deadly squirt, then I held my nose and covered it with my shirt.
I turned around to get her back, with just a matter of time before another attack.
So I had to see if it was okay, that she looked at me, and her head was a dead girl so hard, a black girl so hard, but I do.
Girl's so hard, girl's so hard, she kept telling me that girl.
Girl's so hard, but I do.
But I do.
Okay.
But I do.
Okay.
The reason I played that right there is George during the previous break was Hakan Miyatronic.
As it was pouring through these boxes of videos in here, some of these anal-oriented ones, and I said having had hemorrhoids for three and a half months, I'm not interested in hearing or looking or thinking about any of these anal invasions.
Remember that first there was the British invasion, and then we had the anal invasion.
And then he goes into this big song of dance about how women's rectums are so much more cleaner and pinker and more lovely and hygienic.
What?
I can only imagine.
Oh yeah, okay.
Yeah, you can only imagine.
I can only imagine.
Get out of here, you can't compare.
You work in red.
I've never seen any of these in there.
I've never seen any of these in there.
Asses and the card has got liver pills.
Well, I saw it all yesterday.
That's what we call it.
Well, you've got a standard to go by, I guess you've got a point now.
Oh, sorry.
Oh my god, the thought of the right before lunchtime too, and he's telling me about Al Goldstein.
Oh, jeez.
Man, oh man, talk about heaving gigantic mounds.
Anyway, Jeff Gordon, NASCAR driver three days ago, how come we only get this now?
This was in the paper on Tuesday and I missed it.
Must have been mighty important.
And an announcement that some insider say is not really a big surprise.
NASCAR defending champion, Jeff Gordon, this week came out of the closet with the proclamation that he is proud to be gay.
Speak at a lunching gathering of Atlanta hair stylist.
He made the proclamation.
I'm still the same person.
I've always made a big effort to get really close with these guys and that's not going to change.
Yeah, but he has, especially that French, what's that French race car driver?
You know it.
Jacques Villanuev, is that his name?
Come on, Drew, you got to know something.
You know these things, huh?
Yeah, that out of here.
He probably wants to get close to him.
However, some of Gordon's competitors do not share his optimism.
I figure that NASCAR fans will drop him like last week's Fission bait.
So, seven time Winston Cup champion Dale Earnhardt.
Hell, he'll probably have to go to Formula One racing to be accepted.
This is a Bubba crowd.
The only damn thing they want, home always their milk.
Pinsky driver Rusty Wallace was a bit more to the point.
I'll run over any little sum bitch that rather suck a shwanced than a siphon hose.
How do you like that?
Huh?
That's Rusty Wallace who said that.
Maybe he's came to George Wallace.
And then I got this back from a mic.
Now, can you think this is for real?
I'm not going to read his last name on here because I'm too embarrassed for it all the way in the title.
I mean, stench.
But anyway, he says, what can I do with you?
Why do you continue to bash the Catholic religion and the Pope?
You say you bash all religions, but I never hear you talk about any others.
Do you fear what you don't understand?
I never talk about any others like I wasn't talking about the ceiling.
How see them, another breaker call just the other day,
and about how they're rocking back and forth there at the wailing wall.
And when we're talking about the seventh day Adventist and the Jehovah's Witnesses,
we're talking about Catholics because it's in the news.
Yeah, exactly.
I don't think that we had a seventh day Adventist just go to see Fidel,
or we had the Jaime Schwartzman go there from Israel or somewhere.
We had the Pope, God damn it.
He's there.
That's why I'm talking about it, you idiot.
Why bash the church for a few priests who have done wrong?
Oh, give me a break, a few priests who have done wrong.
You are so brainwashed by a Catholic friend out there.
I feel badly for you.
I feel bad that your brain has been so closed and so rotted by years and years of brainwashing and conditioning.
It's time to get yourself a new conditioner, like probably would be good.
He says, remember, they are human.
Okay, human we can deal with.
It's just like our president, we don't mind human.
Hippocrates and liars, those are the ones and of course, then the ones who are always finger pointing.
Oh, this is sinful, even a word doing it and God only knows how many altar boys should every president pass in future be considered bad because of a few bad ones.
How can you judge an entire entity on a few bad people?
Look at the whole picture, how you spell a whole mic as in Bractome.
And I still, and Mike Spideway doesn't have the name of any straight priest in here, not one.
We're still waiting for the name of one straight priest.
He says the Pope is the leader of the church, the church Jesus Christ started 2000 years ago.
And again, you're wrong, Mike.
Jesus Christ didn't start any church.
Okay, it's already belonged to one he was very happy.
Yeah, he was a Jew, he was a Jew boy.
Okay, his buddy Paul saw whatever we call him this week.
Alan Saul, I think from Pompato Beach, he started it.
He says all I ask is for a little compassion, a little rock monis, I think is the word he's looking for.
I love your show, your variant tells you in entertaining.
But when you continue to talk like you do about the Catholic religion, I have a tough time listening.
Please give it some thought. God bless.
God bless.
As in, God.
Get out of here, Mike with his drivel with his nonsense.
And isn't it interesting how he says when you talk about the Catholic religion, he has a tough time listening.
When we talk about the Mormon, he's loving it.
Yeah, right on.
It shows us what an asshole.
All religions are wrong, except yours.
Yeah, right.
By definition.
Exactly. Of course, that's what makes this so ridiculous.
I'm the person that Mike, because they're all man made bull crap.
Mine is bigger than yours is mine is better than yours is my God is better there.
My God is more jealous than yours is.
I mean, for crying out loud, how can any thinking person believe all this God will they go?
They're still trying to figure out who really killed Kennedy.
They're still trying to figure out what the hell is going on.
How that TWA jet blew up out there.
They went through all those millions of dollars and they pieced the thing together and they gave us 8,000 press conferences and they lied through their teeth.
And nobody still knows what that really happened.
But 2,000 years ago, this happened and then Mike go out and see the world.
Get a life, okay?
Just like those kids, the Backstreet Boys.
That to me was one of the greatest breaths of first year when Kevin and AJ weren't here the other day even with his bad microphone.
And I began to realize that all that crap in those liner notes in there, these guys, one of them is from West Palm, the one is from Orlando, Nick Carter's from Tampa,
and two of them are from Kentucky, including Kevin, it was Santa right here, from Kentucky.
Talk about in the end of the fall.
Okay, so Needless to say, their upbringing was real, real ultra religious born again, Bible thumping.
And yet you heard what they were talking about.
They love Toronto, they love Amsterdam, they were in a red light district, it was a trip there all over the world.
And they are amazed at how in Europe they have great sex education, people have much more progressive attitudes, they're not uptight, they're not living in this puritanical mindset.
They don't give a crap about religion and they go to church once in a while to make it look good.
And like it Amsterdam, there's the old church, the oldest church in town.
And what surrounds the old church is the red light district.
And nobody gives it a second thought. Nobody cares, nobody's having nervous breakdown.
They're sitting in the cafe there, you can smell the aroma in the streets as you walk and buy.
They're smoking a little weed, a little hash, little lumber here, whatever they're doing.
And nobody gives a crap.
And in this country, and there he is again, here we go again on CNN, there's the Pope, put his cane and the schmattis, and there's Fidel.
Boy, what a marriage made in heaven that is.
Two bull crap artists.
Which one's got the Tony?
I mean, there is a perfect match, but I think they ought to get, wouldn't be something that they got married.
I think that would be beautiful.
Pope can't get married.
That's what, yeah, neither can Fidel.
He's the busy screwed around on the side. The Pope can't get married. My ass.
If the Pope says he can get married, yeah, look at that. He's got the YouTube.
It was one of the Pope's decided.
Well, they changed their mind just like Galileo.
Okay, first they said that he was a sinner and he was going to burn in hell and they should have given 8,000 lashes.
And they just said, like hundreds of years after he died, they said, oh, by the way, guess what, you were right.
The sun doesn't revolve around the earth.
Oh, what a concept.
Oh, right.
All of this are cake, gobble, you go, Mike, I'm ashamed that you wasted a piece of paper.
How many trees had to die? How many poor little trees had to die?
So that you could write me this piece of sputum on a piece of paper there.
Please don't knock the cat, the cat lick religion.
And why do you think we got all these young Julios who love this show?
Not just because we're talking about the things of a sexual nature on this program,
which gets them highly emotional because they've been so repressed, but also because when they hear about what a bunch of bullcrap does,
they're saying, yes, that's what they're saying.
They know it's all about your horse dropping, but poor Mike got there.
This guy only wishes he only praises in one little part of his mind.
He only praises they could emancipate his brain and think for himself about what a bunch of garbage this all is.
But hey, you're not supposed to say that because it's a happening, man.
The Pope is there in Cuba and Fidel.
I'll come all of a sudden, Fidel, such a good guy now.
Oh, yeah, and he's having second thoughts and he's becoming a spiritual man.
Right, he's becoming very spiritual.
Make no mistake about it.
Am I getting wound up here about what?
What do I get all worked up about?
Because Mike sent me a stupid guy named Fax and because this race car driver is a Fag
and that other guy says something about schwances and want Tommy Wands, something like that.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes.
I'm just going to call you to tell you about my brother, Dite of AIDS in 1994, and he was gay.
And he was the one of the best people you could ever imagine.
He'd give you anything from his wallet.
He would leave himself with nothing.
It was a very good, intimate person.
And I'd miss him daily and add his math work ethic.
Well, I was a Catholic.
We were a Julio family.
Right.
And I was brainwashing very young.
I asked the priest that it's burial at the cemetery.
What's going to happen to my brother?
Because we were always brainwashed that gay people go to hell and stuff.
And he said, well, God will forgive him.
And then I sat to myself and I said, why should God forgive him?
What did he ever do bad?
Yeah.
He was such a good person.
What did he ever do that your priest didn't do?
Yeah, but no, but seriously, I'm talking seriously.
What did he ever do that was so bad?
He was a better person than a lot of straight people that I know.
Right.
And another thing, people, I'm straight.
I got married at 17.
People, people, yeah.
Well, I'll talk about a Catholic family.
Maybe he was not a circumcised.
I am.
You are a circumcised?
Yes.
Wow.
For this, you know, something I got to give a sitting ovation here for this audience today.
We got a lot of clean people today.
Thank God for this.
And what I'm...
People are homophobic because they themselves are insecure of their own sexual elements.
That's right.
You got it.
I mean, I am...
I am open-minded.
I'm a university student and it doesn't bother me the least bit, the see people that are gay, hugging each other because I'm secure of my own sexuality.
I don't care, you know, and I accepted my brother and I didn't care.
And I loved him and I still love him for this day.
And I got so pissed off when that priest told me, oh, God will forgive him.
Forgiveness for what?
What did he do wrong?
Having his own sexual preference?
And he should get individual.
Ask the priest if God is going to forgive him for being a liar in a hypocrite.
Well, that's what I'm trying to say.
I no longer believe in that phony baloney mumbo jumbo stuff.
Oh, thanks, the Lord.
And here's...
We get to jackpot.
Here's a young guy whose circumcised and has seen the light.
Well, I'm very open-minded.
I'm 21 years old and I'm open-minded.
I have quite a few friends that are gay, you know, because my wife gets along with them very well.
And we are very open-minded people.
And another thing that I was going to tell you is that caller that called about how banics are taking over.
He sounds a little xenophobic to me.
Yeah, just a little bit.
Okay, Neil.
Have a great day.
Have a great day, Paul.
Thanks a lot.
There's probably the call of a year right there.
There's like a real living and breathing.
And you want to know why?
Because he's circumcised.
Because his brain is free to think his brain can breathe.
Just like your lungs need to breathe.
Your brain needs to breathe.
And when it's all locked up in that tight and that really...
And then of course when you got that real like a lot of pahehon,
and like that long elephant snout the foreskin,
then my God, the brain is like no hope at the end of the tunnel.
You can't even see the light.
I can't imagine the guy you go out with.
Meaning what?
What about a zammie?
That they're not clean.
Well, if I don't have anyone who isn't clean,
and there is no one in Europe I have ever encountered who is not clean.
They don't be clean.
I can sniff it.
I can smell from a million miles away.
That's why we have double glass between these studios.
Here's Hiya Leah.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Well, I'm the President of Catholic United for Life,
and I don't know where you have a big deal over the Pope.
He does many great things.
And the President of what?
I'm the President of Catholic United for Life.
What is that?
We're a pro-life organization.
Yeah.
And you know, I don't know why you make a big deal over the Pope.
Because that's my opinion.
What do you mean?
I'm making a big deal.
It seems to me that the media is making a big deal.
Everywhere you look we see the Pope.
He's doing great things.
Like what?
He wants his own country.
And he wants his own country.
And his own country is Cuba?
No, he's doing it to Cuba.
But he wants his own country in Portland.
Yes.
And he crushed communism over there.
He crushed it with his fist.
No, he was the word of God.
Yeah.
Okay?
And it's just because you don't yell a problem of priest and the Pope
and you criticize them.
You know, if you think you could do better, you know, then do it.
Then do what?
If you think you could do better, then do it.
Well, then elect me Pope.
And I'll guarantee you I'll do a lot.
Oh, yeah.
You have to be, you know, you have to be...
You have to be what?
You have to be a saying, you qualify.
Yeah, that's right.
I qualify.
I'm a fact that gives me a leg up, so to speak.
No, you can't heal up.
He's no fact in the church.
There's... oh my God.
Wait a minute.
I want you to get...
Do we have a bullet...
I wish we had a bulletin sound.
But there's no fags in the Catholic church.
No.
Okay.
Thank you so much.
I'm sorry to leave.
I feel so much better now.
Oh, there he went.
There's no fags in the...
I thought he was going to have a stroke.
I thought he was going to start stroking and he was so excited.
There's no fags in the church.
That was it.
He couldn't handle that.
He ran.
I bet he's rubbing his rosary beads and whatever else he can get his hands on right now.
That was beautiful.
He's the head of what?
Woo!
There's no fags in the church.
How's Montenegro Brian Walls doing, by the way?
How's he doing?
Well, they don't call them that in the Catholic church.
What do they call them?
All three?
They're in his lifestyler's.
Yeah, alternative lifestyler's my ass.
Well, not my ass.
Maybe you're a...
Yeah, not mine.
Woohoo.
What a thought.
It goes narrowed up old priests.
Like I said, that movie mass appeal with Jack Lemon is one year.
In fact, you should have gotten a copy for this guy, okay?
With Charles Durning in the Jack Lemon, you should have gone out and got 85 copies and said it to this guy in his flock.
And he's doing great work over there.
He's given lectures to people who need food and he's telling me,
Hey, keep making more babies.
No birth control, no more abysons, more and more and more babies and more starvation.
And good luck to you and go out and plant some seeds in the backyard.
And I'll go plant some seeds where they'll grow.
That's what he wants you to do.
Go plant some seeds.
Or squirt squirt.
By the way, can he watch?
