Oh!
4th radio, 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
Not.
To talk to Neil, call 567 0560 toll free for date and rarer, or pound 560 on yourself.
Oh, and show me a wing out of Neil, his nest's callers.
Or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM,
easily read acquisitions or the beastly broadcast group.
Now, Neil Rogers on sports radio, 560 QAM.
Are you airing shit like this?
I'm the type of guy with a pink squint head.
Oh!
In all my fights, except the ones who did.
All right.
Yes, I'm the type of guy who pounded my pink and killed him that he's yours.
And it's boxing with his pink.
I'm the type of guy who always gives a third.
I show Carl Williams that the truth can really hurt.
You're the type of guy that thinks that I'm a bomb.
So I just say to you that you I see you and he dumps.
I'm the type of guy with my leaving and my bobbin.
I only lost 25 and the richest name is Robin.
I'm the type of guy who makes the people laugh and put the man down in a minute and a half.
I'm the type of guy who makes the people stare just because I keep all my cash and don't keep hair.
I'm the type of guy and the public just attack me.
And if you don't believe it, then you had better ask me.
I'm the type of guy that put a pink squint on the type of guy.
So I'm the type of guy that keeps the girl.
She goes, but yes, I'm the type of guy that's fine.
I come to my face and I'm going to keep you in the way that I'm the type of guy.
You'll listen to me all the time and you'll look good.
He's out. He's fine.
Keep your hands up.
Oh!
Yeah.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Yeah.
Oh!
Yeah.
Oh!
Yeah.
Oh!
Yeah.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Yeah.
Oh!
Oh!
All right
Here's a Mooble and Hope Sound Hello.
towards Michigan and he had stopped in the middle of the expressway on 977 to take and
Excuse me stop for what?
Well done getting through that he got out of his car and broke a bottle and severed his penis and ate it
Yeah, I mean what is the world coming to?
I mean it was
So bizarre I'm it. I don't know if it's in a paper today, but they were all kind of front pages a matter of fact
There's a a gigantic picture of his penis
Listen like a finger in fact I would be surprised if it's the same finger that they've got back into it serious
You get it right?
Uh-huh
But then every point of the guy ate it too
Yeah
Uh just for sure
He was Spanish you know the
They tried broken us in the bull fights in Spain you do understand that
Yeah, thanks
So we're going to see you over there
Okay, you know, and then closing?
Yes sir
Uh I know a big black guy named Wayne and he's a douchebag
Okay
Thanks
And tell him by the way
Don't be thirsty, though
A wrong Wayne
So anyway my Tyson is back that's the reason I played that today he not only got up yesterday
But what you didn't take long
They don't waste any time
And it's a good thing they don't waste any time because I notice how deadly these sports shows are man
Wow
There ain't nothing going on here now and these poor bastards on this radio station they're running around all what are we gonna do?
What do we gonna do? What are we gonna talk about?
Give us some material, please
By the way you're welcome for the water guys
Should I talk about uh that mat lip off guy
The fact that he used to mark what whatever his name is mark lip off used to be captain
Years ago on level 100
Which went out to post an over I guess he was in the closet
Captain why now he's a big hot shot at some stupid agency which we have eight million agencies in this town
Are we getting any copy from him?
No
Is good buddy Todd direct no are they servicing that account no and our good friends of color again?
No no even though colorigan was in here yesterday good morning. How are you sir?
Oh
If it's star for minute. I thought that said sears on your t-shirt
I thought that I was waiting for that finger to pop up
Put it put her away
Nevada gives Tyson go ahead to fight a day after Mike Tyson's early release from a mirror in jail
Nevada's boxing officials indicated they won't do anything to stand in the way of his return to the ring
How do you like that? All right
Tyson's advisors and handlers caught off guard by his sudden release from jail Monday were scrambling to a range of fight
What I could just do it like out on the highway again like the last one
You could just have a little scuffle and traffic
That could come as early as august 21 with a possible fight in Las Vegas against the likes of Alex Schultz or Brian
Nielsen anybody here either of those oh there you go
Well, they probably the bum of the month and you guys you're gonna be paying to watch that
But you're sweet as you are
Everybody out there be real man in this audience is digging deep into his pocket right now feeling for the change
Getting out as 50 or 60 or 70 or 80 bucks so we can subsidize iron Mike
Here's an article in the
There's just a herald yesterday mommy date section of the Broward herald
Potential neighbors in tizzy as oj seeks home
For years
What do you mean by that?
Who is that some guy used to work with?
Yeah, he looked vaguely familiar. He when he looked like he looked like John Ford
Doesn't he
A friend of yours. I'll tell you somebody in this place who must hate me like boys need to that or he's the unfriendly
Is going I don't even know what his name is you know him because you worked with him the bald head a guy that looks like an aging Phil Henry
The works in production
I didn't work with him but you know who he is. I know who he is. He's a good guy. I think he's he's here to you
He hates me like boys. Yes, he does. That's just a face. He hates me. That's a face. He looks like I mean not that I care if he hates me
But I don't really know why he hates me yet. He's somebody hates me. It's okay
But I'd like to know you know usually I'd like to know why they hate me at his eyebrows. He uh, no
He just oh he just running away from one of those cutigas. I thought I really make sure to see him
Oh, he does look like Phil, isn't he?
He looks are you sure like an aging Phil Henry?
Ugly
Yeah, but aren't aren't most of the people of this building ugly? Oh, man
So what day of the week is it when's they are christ and thanks that on today
So I bet you my good close personal friend. They're gonna be here today. My best friend in the building. He won't be here today
You never know
Yeah, he might drop in
Sublime vessel and share a little bit of lunch something like that
Lift my spirits a little bit lift it up and my spirits too. Nine minutes after 10 at 560 WQM
We got a big let's uh here's hollywood. Hello
Hello. Yes, sir. I do a nil. Okay. I got a true story for you
Uh, never uh Ron Goldman. Uh, one of the guys uh, who j killed
One of the guys he killed yeah, yeah, well he had a guy he killed
He had a stepbrother that I went to college with at a university heartford in Connecticut. Yeah, was he Jewish?
Yeah, it was it was uh, it was the father's second wife son, right, so there was step there's stepbrothers
But anyway, tell friend by the way to shame that stupid mustache. He looks like a jackass. But anyway, go ahead
All right, well anyways, um, you know, I was up there at the time all the all you know the the murder was going on in the trial and all that stuff
Right anyways, the media got a hold that the stepbrother was you know where we where he was living Connecticut he lived in heartford and
You know, he was he was kind of known throughout the Connecticut the heartford area because he was always on to you
They interviewed him a lot he's on TV. Oh man. Yeah, so anyways, um
Ended up being a total disaster for him. I'm totally honest. I'm not being racist or anything almost
Every he had the biggest problems in his house
He would have like literally like crap throughout his cars at his house. It was all done by
It was all done by the shrubs is that's all my TV and they found out where he lived. Yeah, and for like three months
How do you know that?
You smell it? Well, he told me I mean I mean I was part just throwing
At his house there's no one any junk like graffiti doing I mean
crashing his car yeah, everything and this is I mean for what reason because OJ because OJ is black
He's a murderer. So what what is him right? Well, maybe they just didn't like him because he was Jewish that might have been it
It's 11 after 10 at 560 WQ. I mean, you know every
R8 to start on
Have yourself some down on Christmas
Well, your friends away will back you all
Then you're like you won't have done
When you think of all the benefits you're getting
Life will be sweeter when you catch your heater carry a life and to be deadly
Come on enjoy
In for the
Sharks in your skin
Come on and
By the way the young guy that called him in the go that whilst we're about Ron Goldman's brother-in-law step brother whatever
Called back to say the reason that they knew it was far too droppings is because they found the watermelon seed in it
Which brings us back to yesterday by the way, which I don't want to really dwell on it unless we have to do we have to do you think?
Uh-huh. Is this thing? Do I have this thing all screwed up now or what wait a moment? Yeah, I can't get these things to oh there we go
Well before we get back to OJ and all that crap
With the watermelon seed in it
Two great letters to the editor in the which paper this and they are son sentineless morning great not just good
But great let me congratulate
Ha Harvey Barsky in Boyton Beach Harvey. How you doing?
Harry and Fred pie in Boka P. Y.E. what unusual name? Huh?
I wonder if they call him piepus
But anyway two tremendous letters to the editor which I'll take the time to read right now
Home prayer is allowed and it didn't stop killing writes Harvey in Boyton Beach
He says raid the letters you receive regarding prayer and schools or the lack thereof the main emphasis of these letters is that if prayers were allowed in the schools
We wouldn't have violence in the schools. I have a question for those who keep writing about prayer not being allowed in our schools
When prayer was eliminated for one was prayer eliminated from the home
Would not prayer in the home as well as discipline and acceptance of responsibility
Potten the home stop violence in the schools apparently it is not
Churches mosque synagogue other places of worship and the home are appropriate places for prayer
Not that schools are not if done in a proper context that context being that one's group method would not infringe upon another group
Also one writer complained about a cartoon depicting Christians as the enemy of students or anyone else
I did not feel that the cartoon depicted Christians so much as it did zealots of any type of religion in that letter
The writer stated we Christians don't hurt people of different views. We pray for them
Maybe so, but is that what's happening in Kosovo? Ireland and here at Family Planning Clicks
I think not says
Harvey Barthian Boyton Beach nice going Harvey
And Fred pie in Boka says history records Christians did more than just pray
I
Can't keep from laughing at the letter from a writer on May 13th
Rights Fred which proclaimed we Christians don't hurt people of different views we pray for them
From what planet is this person recently arrived
After thinking about that statement for all of about three minutes a few Christian prayers came to mind
St. Bartholomew's massacre massacre of 1572 eight civil wars between Roman Catholics and Hugenus between 1562 and 1598 including the 1565 massacre of the Hugenus
County of Fort Caroline here in Florida king Ferdinand of Austria against all but throw up but Roman Catholicism in 1627
The children's crusade of 1212 the crusades from 1095 to the 13th century the Roman and Spanish Inquisitions
Ireland 1650 to 1700 who cite wars in Bohemia in the 15th century
Northern Ireland England and Africa during the 19th century and we can't forget Germany in the 1930s and 40s
And how about the good Christians wording abortion doctors
I
Think the writers should get the idea from this short list that the Christians have done more than their share of
Persecuting and it's probable that more people in the history of the world have been killed because of religion than for any of the reason
Don't allow your brain to be turned to mush listen absorb study think and make up your own mind says Fred Pye in Booker
We're told
Fred there you go two great letters to the editor on the same god damn day how do you like that market down market on your calendar
Wednesday May 26
1999
Two great letters to the editor which I'm going to save along with that one from little Holly Doherty and sunrise from Piper high
Who writes that she's an atheist and she ain't killing anybody lately
How do you like that? I told you they're out there you have to scour for them and most people are pussy
So that they're afraid to say you know the way they really think but here are three people right there
Who I've got the balls to open up a puss and tell it the way it is
All this good Christian love and all this other religious horsecraft people killing each other since the beginning
Recorded time because well if you don't believe in my god that well
For you because I'm the good person and you're at evil and deserves to burn in hell
And don't forget like I said yesterday by good works alone you won't uh blah blah blah you know a lot of the crap
You can be the greatest person in the history of the human race you can give all your money away
You can help the poor and the starving come up with a cure for cancer and every other
Leprosy you can be the great and if you don't believe this series of fairy tales then you're gonna burn in hell forever
Because uh we got the answers and you don't smart ass
Oh, it's anyway that book
Neanderthin which I happened to bring in today. I prepared for this new diet by the way. I want you to know how I did it
Now what what are you laughing about?
Why do you have that look on your face? You had isn't that what they always tell you before you're gonna do something drastic and make a big change
If you really want to see the maximum impact you go and take out and then the next day you start the new deal
And then there's this tremendous weight loss
Is now what they always say no real quick people want to know where you got those letters
To the editor. We're in today's how about in today's paper on the editorial page at the whole which paper they were it's uh
I thought they're in a sun sentinel. Yeah, they are
It's getting hard to tell I don't know. Maybe it's the hero. It's hard to tell the uh print
anymore. I'm looking at the uh
Well, there was another great letter to anyway
I don't know. I better start marking now which paper I'm cutting these out of well
It's in one of the other okay. It's in a heraldor to sun sentinel on today's editorial page
But here's another letter that was in the other paper whichever paper this was in the other one
This was it says and it's shortened to the point from Thomas strider and South Miami
It says why is it that those who opposed the delkaster or the most always seem to be the quickest to use his tactics
Nice going Thomas. Yeah
Three great letters to the editor all on the same day. I think that oh did you see that? What was that there was like a little electric flash there
Like a little power thing. I think that it's starting to flex his muscle now. You got a CD in there, don't you?
Meaning what when the power goes off that's the only thing that will work when it comes back on
Is the CD show me the meaning of being your man. Oh, they're good. Oh, I got so much good news for you today
It's about time, you know Ricky Martin. Is it number one anymore the album? No, this week it's been
Supplated by millennium and a backstreet boys
Looks like it's gonna break the all-time world record for selling over a million copies and 1.1 million the very first week a release
You know who had the record by the way Michael Jackson no
Pick your nose put your finger in your nose think about
Girls brux. Oh, that's there huh?
Let's go to show you that goes to show you that you ought to be happy replacing growth Brooks and uh and uh Ricky Martin
The backstreet boys
It's all the same. Oh, you're such a you're such a spick, you know, you really are
Actually, I used to like Cuban till I met George
And now and then he started talking about that great cuisine like horse meat and stuff like that
I started turning you know I have to apologize to all my Cuban friends out there
After like exclude him from the category and then I can be more objective when I view the whole situation
But at any rate millennium it looks like it's gonna break the record 1.1 million for the first week. I just mentioned that in passing
I'm gonna play that cut by the way because that song
I know that you know currently the other the big hit. It's a great song. I want it that way
And it's great and it's on new album, but this song I I guarantee you will be the next single
It'll be the biggest record of the year. It is so great. It's it's mind-boggling
Even you might like it. I know even as much as the hard asses you are because it's better than I want it that way. It's phenomenal
But anyway getting away from that for a moment
So anyway, I got this book that I found. I've had this for a long time. It came out in 1995
Of course, you don't want to see the picture of the guy who wrote it. You know what this reminds me of remember the nutrition
What the hell was that guy's name that looked like as zombie
He had oh he has a wife, you know
Right that jerk jerk uh
Derrick rams with jerk
They made the tour for a while or back when Harvey and Merlin diamond
We're doing that fit for life with all the fruits and the watermelon and then the black people got upset because we were starting to eat all their watermelon
But what the hell was this guy's name and they had like a day he looked like he hadn't bathed in years and anyway
I always used to think see I want to look like him
God schmutz bag, but anyway this guy's picture. Oh, yeah with his birds. He's got a he's got the shika and it was got a bird and a dog
Well a nice white dog whatever kind of dog that is
And a bird
I think it's a cockatoo
But anyway, this guy's name is Raymond Audette no relation to Donald Audette the hockey player used to play for Buffalo and now plays with LA
Raymond Audette with Troy Gilchrist forward by Alan S Brown and D
And it's called the Anderson the caveman's guide to nutrition and it ties in with what George was telling me was on
Daylight two nights ago, which I missed jerk pierced it in here shop Danny Shaw right Amazon's
They look like they just came out of the Amazon. I mean the most grotesque the most disgusting the most bizarre looking pier
Always drenched in their kind of like Amazon outfits, you know
In fact, that was the a pull question. I was gonna ask who are who's the snappier dresser David J. Neal from the Harold or jerk
Pearson and Sandy Shaw
I think it's a toss up
And anyway, this goes on some pretty interesting stuff anywhere
Which I know isn't gonna change any of your habits
But I started to say I got ready for this I went out last night to public because I thought maybe Andrew was working
Frankie by the way our good friend Frankie was cashier and it saw grass public nice gone Frankie
Moving up in the world. Don't get suspended again pal
But anyway, so I went in there and I got myself a big half gallon
Of idiot and wait till I get into the thing about this new diet pill at Pharrell Rumor or Termion that she fact me the information
I'm just loaded with crap today
And I got a big half gallon of E.D.'s and what's the name of the flavor? I wrote it down
I want to get it right because it's got Jeff Gordon's picture on the container
Which made jokas jokas Stella was squeezing himself when I told him that this morning
That I actually went out and got an E.D.'s ice cream flavor that had Jeff Gordon's picture on it
It's called Google Cluster
Google Cluster
And it is then good by the way and spotted Jeff Gordon being connected with on the oh god is that good?
I had quite a bit of it by the way a lot
And now I figure my body is just ready for the caveman stage
1026 at 560 WQM if you know that the Lord even loves Neil Roger
Yes
R-E-C-E-I-O-S
It's a wrecked狀
Oh
So I'm gonna kick up my shoes
Drift off my dress
It makes me wet when I see you catch
A big impact
That's too big for my mouth
I want it mercenary and a top of you
And take it up my mover chain it's loose
Give me an impact
Okay
A-L-T through the wall
He R-E-C-E-C-I-O-S
I want a great score ball
I want your love while the other you went to suit your loo-o-s-y
And that I'll give it up low
Here's a morning agent
Yes, big asses
I please don't tell you take up to this
I want a wreck on its around
You're twinkling too
And make your wonder where my clothes
That's a wrecked狀
And it's on circus five
He R-E-C-E-I-O-S
I want a great score ball
He R-E-C-E-C-I-O-S
Pep 23 at 5.50 WQM
We have a slightly abbreviated show this morning
We get a little chopped off a little bit
Not too much
145
We got the Red Hot Marlins, baby
There'd be two cups, two in a row
Any interest today
It's not on TV, it's a radio only game
Is there any interest whatsoever
145 the Marlins at the Cubs
Which means Hank has the day off again today
Donnie B on their 536
Pull in the breech for half hour
Talking baseball of which there is
Interest
And then we got Jim Mad Dogman
It's a full-show tonight 6 to 10 o'clock
Yeah
It's halfling at 10
So there's the agenda for you
There's the schedule
Marlins in the Cubs the pre-game at 145
Today
I mean that's not good
1145 sounds good
That would be great
But 145 especially now that's my first day of my new caveman die
So I think that was a great way to get my body ready to start on a whole new program
With that Kuku Kuchu ice cream there from Jeff Gordon and Edie
By the way, have you ever seen Jeff Gordon and Edie at the same time?
No
Same person I think
Oh, I'll never get it all in here with that damn ballgame coming up
I got so much crap
So getting back to this Neanderthan book
The concept is the the pre-which of course we all know is true
We just don't want to hear it because it's it's no fun
Because you're a god again
Invented everything that tastes good and that is bad for you
But in any way it says
Although some hunter gatherers such as the Intuit Indians
Which of course they're up there in the Canada the Intuits
They're Intuit
Eat considerably more fat than any Americans they enjoy the lowest incidence of heart disease among all people's in the world
All pimples how do you like that?
And I'm not going to read you know a whole bunch of stuff from the book
But there is a page 44 and 45 in this book called oh by the way the letters to the editor when the Sun sent them
I'm gagging on this smoke
Can you smell it?
I mean this morning was much thicker than even yesterday morning was like walking out into pea soup
And then come into building and I'm ganging on it
Find to get over that little cold or allergies or whatever that was I had for several days
Oh god
lawsuit
That stuff is seeping into the building we're having a
Seeping problem
There's nothing worth of a seeping problem by the way
Ask fat boy he could probably tell you about that
All fat people we know what's seeping is all a
Oh that's bad and it is
Makes you invest a lot of money in extra pairs of underwear
But at any rate so the 10 commandments of the Andreth and of this diet program are never ever eat never never eat
grains
beans
potatoes
Also a beets by the way for whatever reason turnips
dairy any dairy no milk no cheese no yogurt no way no butter
no ghee
And no sugar of any kind do eat I'm I'm narrowing this down because he expands on
Do eat meats these veal lamb pork you know what this reminds me of that scene in fatso where she says
She's reading the list do not eat you know and then he pulls a grape off the tray
And just as he goes to put it in the do not eat grapes you know he got that sour look on his pussy, you know poor Dom
Poor Dom Deleways whatever happened by the way with that thing remember he was supposedly a fondle some waiter in a restaurant here a few months ago
Don Deleways
I guess they settled it. I guess maybe he inverts blew it up
Anyway eat the meats beef land veal pork vendors in chickie turkey
Chickie turkey duck duckie fescent quail rabbit all fish any other form of meat or meat by product such as large is okay
Large as in hay, large ass
fruits unless of course you die bettically candy fruits
Vegetables all the vegetables you want or at least the ones you list anyway
No corn no corn and you want to know why because it's fattening number one and number two it comes out the same way it goes in
That's what the curl said
You also can eat along with meat truth and vegetables nuts. I like nuts
Especially if they're shaved and berries grapes and he says berries, but you know
It's interesting to me everything. He lists here his berries to me. I always thought was a fruit
Grapes blueberries raspberries blackberries boys and berries strawberries and any other edibles you can eat them raw and the berries too
That those are all fruits
But anyway, those are the things you can't eat and the first list was all the stuff you can't eat and and his whole premises that all these refined foods are killing us and he's here
He is
Right on target. I mean are we gonna stop eating all those other things? No, of course not
He says because of the prevalence of fungal breakouts in cultivated potatoes
They must be treated with large amounts of fungicide making potatoes the most chemically contaminated food that you can buy in America
In summary is chemical free organic potatoes are available
But these are even more dangerous because the fungus is far more carcinogenic than the fungicide and insecticides in the supermarket variety
So even if you get you organically grown potatoes, they're even worse. They'll kill you sooner
How do you like that
Who's that on a bat line by the way where we getting calls on a bat line
He says although grains are considered the staff of life in many cultures all of them are extremely
Carcinogenic cancer causing who was that wrong number? Oh
Thank God
Quorn is considered the number one carcinogen in the American diet
It is responsible for more cancer deaths than all of the pesticides
fungicide
herbicides and other additives that contaminate our food many scientists believe that corn is responsible for more cancer deaths in America than cigarettes
I don't seem reading the price of corn though. Do you know no? We better tell those kids in the van to uh
Go get the corn people
You look tobacco kids
Yeah, that's right. Instead of calling all the tobacco companies call up the del Monte people, okay
And ask them how come they're peddling all that corn
Or you can just tune in a default in the morning. He's peddling it
It'll kill you 21 before 11 at 560 WQM here's that's the honey tune yet dr
Flora now on some media. I'll get near you. You did you're on the air hi dr
Flora my husband and I are having some problems you skank hope bitch
What what do you think you would just spread your legs for this guy and everything will be alright?
Excuse me. No, there's a difference between being a wife and being a tramp. Do you understand this? Hey
I wasn't the one posted on the web with my legs spread wasn't me. You're thinking of someone else
It's dr
Flora not to be confused with anyone else already on sometimes somewhere and try and miss it
Oh, by the way guess what was on last night since you were mentioning before the show this morning behind the scenes on VH1
Would you evidently watch every now and then? Yes
Rick Springfield
Behind the music, but whatever the hell they wouldn't have to like the life story of whatever our musician it is
Rick Springfield
I'll tell you one thing he used to be real cute
A long time ago. No, seriously. He was and guess what else the other life you know
Yeah, I was talking about him the other day right away George starts. Oh that's faggot
See everybody to you that every guy that's good looking has to be a fag, you know
And that's not true. That's the way you feel it. That was just a rumor that I always blame enough faggot for
That everybody which they're which they're hard there is a category of fags who like to think that everybody else is which is swishable thinking
But I have a feeling that most straight guys think that any guy who's like a pretty boy, you know any guy
That's like cute or like in that category must be a fag
We just spread those rumors so that the girls won't like those things you were saying about Ricky Martin
You have been a which I think probably are well
So anyway, it's a 1045 at 560 WQ and isn't it great that Ricky Martin's album has been
Already supplanted
Top of the album list by the BSBs. Thank God for that by anybody
Given this hope for the future that Ricky Martin is already out back on his way down to the bottom where he likes it the most
So do not it you know see this thing I probably could get by with most of this except the cheese part. I like cheese
That is after I get over my sugar addiction. What century is that gonna be? Is that ever gonna happen?
No, I am so highly addicted to sugar and you're tired of hearing that already
But most of you are too. You don't want to admit it
Potatoes. I don't need potatoes beans. I certainly don't need grains fat, especially corn
Oh, I do like corn especially with butter
Huh corn on the cob
Corn on the cob wrapped in aluminum foil and put on a grill
With butter inside the aluminum foil
Like Indian corn. Is that what they call it? Huh? What do they call it maze?
Well, it's me and you can call it
Isn't that what it is maze maze
So how come the how come the University of Michigan their colors are maze and blue
Amazing blue is that what it is maze? Oh right. Yeah, forget it
I couldn't give up the cheese though. I love cheese for example for lunch to death
I was thinking maybe I'll have something from truck our good friend that we haven't seen in a while from the sub center
Or on a corner of 441 and 190 third under whatever that is I've steary right
But
But what could I get from him without cheese that I would want
Nothing nothing I like that nice salad that we get what you put in the salad that chef
I don't want it without the cheese. Who wants those great deli meats without the cheese
You know, there's a book that says cut the cheese. I'm not gonna cut the cheese. Okay. I won't do it. I refuse
Atkins says cheese is okay. He said you can have the cheese. Don't eat any soft cheese
He said if you're gonna get into the cheese make sure it's hard and the cheese too
Because the soft cheese is where all the carbs are and the crap. That's bad for you
But not and and soft cheese is like breathe. Oh god only pseudo intellectual assholes eat breathe
Is there anybody in the world that really likes to taste their smell of breathe? No, don't call it show and tell me like
Breathe cheese because we'll know you're a liar went off the bat and you'll go to hell
Only people who are like snobbs eat breathe like breathe flavored stuff like breathe flavored crackers or something
Yeah, but you don't want to breathe cheese on the stuff. Oh god
Soft and mushy kind of like that. I was telling you about yesterday
So anyway, there's the answer for you right there in the Anderson a caveman's guide to nutrition by Raymond odd dead
It's a very thin book. I don't know if you can worry. How did I get this?
It's on paleolithic press of all things
Only says whatever you do if you want to stay in good health don't see Sam douchebag over there promotions
He said stay the whole way from him at all times is what he said
What's he doing here? Oh, he works here now mark. Yeah. Yes
How do you pressing? What did we I don't want to go into it? Oh, I will go into this though Brian now. What's his name?
Lift shits in our sales department? Well, he doesn't know that's his name yet
We just changed his name today because that's what I can remember
And it's the only one you can say on the air and get away with because his name sounds like
Yeah, like that
Like I was saying before the soft yeah
So Brian Lipschitz our salesman was the employee of the month that it happened when I was on vacation
That's why I didn't get the memo last time around we did not get it
So you didn't get a memo we didn't go well
Oh, they figured why we're gonna put it in their neils not here in Georgia isn't gonna make a big deal out of this
I would you would have a answer? Well, you especially would have made a big deal out of it if because the audience knows by now that when you get the employee of the month of order around here
That you have a choice either get $200 in cash or a QA and pin
Yeah
Now if you ever want to have a chance to get the employee of the month a second time you better take the freaking pin
You know what I'm saying because if you ask for the $200 cash see I don't understand why does somebody offer you something if they don't want to really give it to you
It's a test like the god thing like the god thing like god with the Joshua right
So anyway
Evidently he was pressured heavily
He was lobbied to take the pin he wanted the $200 because he just bought a new house
And even though it's not a lot of cash it would come in handy for like you know toilet paper something paper goods anything at all
He could have used the cash and they said no take the pin
Is what they said and he said okay? Okay
And he's still here
So we hired Mark Hibnick to come and work in our sales department here by the way
Our good close personal friend share all used to call the hipster or whatever was
Kibi and now it's he called him well see she liked him because he's Jewish
Anybody that was Jewish share were liked and of course share all sent her a daughter over to Israel. I was thinking about this the other day
No, you know what made me think about it was Cory saving Cory who's a good guy even though he's dropped down on my list
Way down to the bottom right down there with Ricky Martin
But he's a good guy and especially not just because he looks good and he's a bright kid
But because he's not a sports nerd like some of these people around here that really take the sports stuff
Seriously, and that's all they know about is stupid ball games
In fact Cory quite frankly is turned off by most of it, but he needs the job
So he's a good guy, but he's too Jewish
And the reason I say this how old would you say he is like 24 25-ish Cory?
No, I'm not old enough he is 26 26 27. It's the mid 20s
And he hasn't been to like any like civilized place to for example
He was just on vacation a couple weeks ago. Where did he and his buddies go? They went camping out of the Grand Canyon
What that's okay?
Forguided like 26 or 27 goes camping at the Grand Canyon. Why not and does what?
Well, you don't like the outdoors, so you understand and does what you camp?
You see nature. I am good. You whitewater rast white water around
He's a little bit of a racial Christian. We have to be quite old. You're a good guy.
Yeah, so at any rate where has he been in the world other than camping at the Grand Canyon?
He's been to Israel. Oi!
I am so sick and tired of Jews who keep sending their kids off to Israel because they want to be professional Jews
Of all the places in the world that I would go last
besides Africa the number not
Number any word Africa number two on the list would be Israel
I want to hang around with a bunch of Jews. I can go on sunrise. I look like two minutes from sunrise
Huh? I can drive up to Boka. I can go to Tamarax the other Jews I want. I don't need to go there
In addition to which who wants to be surrounded by a bunch of enemies that the Arabs don't want to blow up the bus
And a kind of need to bath real bad
Who the hell needs that?
So Cheryl sent her daughter a few years ago over to Israel her teenage daughter
Comes back all of a sudden she's become converted. She's so religious that she's like
Out of her mind. They've got a kosher the house. You saw how long that lasted in here about five minutes
kosher the house
See the reason I'm talking about this is because I was thinking about this even fact evil and fat boy came in this morning
I was mentioning to him about our good friends of Cox who weren't really weren't our friends at all
If somebody is really your friend they could never ever pull what they did on us and believe me
Thank you very much for doing it because we're way ahead of the game right now
We're doing just great. Thank you in a place where nobody cares about anything
They just leave us alone. They don't care. We we've you know, it took me a while to adapt to it. We love it. Oh
Yeah
The best job of my life. It's right here on QAM
I never realized it for a long time and then guilty one morning in the toilet said to me
You know something we got a pretty good here. I said you know what you're right
If a guy with a voice like yours could be working here. It must be pretty damn good. They couldn't care about anything
And he said f and a
Yeah, they don't care
But
They were such good friends of ours that they knew for a long time that that radio station was being sold by the Cox people that they were looking to dump it
And they were gonna like put us out to pasture and just leave us dangling on our own
Did they tell us no do they let me on the inside? No
Who was supposed to be like a heart and soul of W.I.O.D
Did they come to me and give me any guy? They might do what was going on? No, they did not they told Phil
They they told Phil well they told Phil because and again they lied to him too because the only reason is as great of a talent as he is
The only reason they want to keep a leash on Phil Henry is because it had Brian Cox lawsuit
So they wanted to keep him working for Cox broadcasting out there at KFI and it was coast
They wanted to keep him in the family because they're psychotic and that suit's still going on I believe
That $80 billion lawsuit because filtered that tongue-in-cheek thing about Brian Cox being a faggot or whatever was on the year that day
And of course that was all all in line by the way with the fact that Brian Cox on that radio station right to our good friend
Jim Mandit said so what's it repeatedly? That's right
But at any rate so that was the real reason for that but they weren't really our friends, you know
And then they come around here like
All this other bull crap. Sorry. I'm not buying it
Bob Cheryl all you people over there that want us to think that you are a good friend. You were okay, you know
Okay, not great
Not somebody I would depend on is I were like ready to go over the edge of a cliff
I wouldn't be on the phone to them saying please come help me because I'm right right on the edge ready to go over the cliff
They wouldn't be the ones first on my list to call
Thought about what I'm saying. Yes
In other words with friends like that who needs to kosher the house
Not sure if there's nothing wrong with being Jewish or whatever you want to be but why in God's name does anybody want to go to Israel?
Well, what's there to see there bunch of ancient crap a bunch of crazy people wailing at the wall there rocking back and forth
I mean more we're talking crazy people man
There's the scenic landscape. Oh, yeah
When I want to see desert like I told you though today I'll go to Vegas. Thank you
I want to see Baron wilderness. I'll just stay here
I don't have to leave the house to see that
So Cory Sabin went to Israel tells me all interesting it was
I was expecting to start laying to fill in in here. I mean what what is with these parents that do this to their kids
Is it really easy to get laid over there or something?
If for him I don't think so. I don't think it's easy. I don't know why because he's a good looking guy
But he had some kind of a there's something there. I don't know what it is. There's something. There's a problem there
You know I'm saying
Because the day I saw him at the hockey game with his mother which he didn't see me but it was a few a couple sections over to my right
And then I was talking to Joe Castello about it the next morning and Joseph's oh my not a bit as mother might have been his date
Why you know why are you smoking that I wish the audience could see the evil smirk that you get on your disgusting little bigoted face
Well, why do you have that look
And I said I don't want to get tired of it all the women. Oh, I know young guys they're into women like their grandmother
As long as it's got a
I don't care as long as they can sniff like Al Pacino said the set of a woman they don't care if it's a woman older than Mathuslaus grandma. They don't care
As long as it's got a
They don't care. I'm not saying that's in Cory's case. I don't I don't know what his case is. I don't know
That's sure say I just like I was saying the other day if I were a young guy that looked really good like JP for example
If I look like that no one really can only come in here a couple of days a week. He's probably busy the rest of the week. I would be busy
I would have time no certainly I would have time to sleep
Eat a couple of meals here and they're not too much certainly no bad stuff and then I'd be busy all the rest of the day
You know what I'm talking about I think you do
So I don't get it when they're guys that look pretty damn good and then they can't get laid. I don't understand that
Because there were a lot of ugly guys getting laid all the time. Maybe it's Cory's ball spot
Maybe that's maybe he needs to go see Charlie off the area that could be it
Maybe it's the hair on his triceps or maybe he's too Jewish
Maybe it was that trip to Israel after you know what I'm saying. Oi
It's a three and a half till 11 at 560 wqa.m. You're a little bit too Jewish for the 90s station
Damn you don't need to say I love you all here's 50 dollars man
Need a spring for dinner or wear all that sexy stuff or you need to see the fingers and a wanker for them
We'll be everybody's doing it all across the land
At the beaters of America
A give yourself a hand
Natural and organic. It's easy and it's fun
You don't know how to do it as your parents out
If you don't need a special license you don't need a special skill
Some zip and zip your grip between your hips and get it through
But then you record it doing it and boy does feel grand as the beaters of America
A give yourself a hand
You can do it in the bathroom you can do it in your bed
You can do it at a concert while you watch the great football day
You can record with the motion you get filtered with the ball on a swarcing gig up
Counted Michael Jackson jacked it up
Your attitude was solving your rise and gonna fan that the band is over America
Give yourself a hand
Good news. Thank God Joe Castello just gave us a spy report from a Marlin game last week
And he said that the chorus said it was there where they very very extremely attractive young lady
Let's hear it. All right. I feel better about life even though it's too bad. He wasted his time going to Israel
So anyway, I have this metabolism thing maybe somebody the audience knows about this stuff
See because if anybody in the world I've put in this before and it's the goddamn truth can get me to lose this last 30 or 40 pounds
Which I just can't do it. I mean, I'm not that I'm really doing a very good job trying when I'm out there buying
E.D.'s ice cream which have Gordon's picture on the bottom the thing
So you get in cheese with that or not finally
Yes, I'm getting I'm not gonna cut the cheese. It'll smell like when I cut the cheese. Okay. Of course I want the cheese
What did I just get through sand?
Well Chuck thought he heard you say that you didn't want any cheese. I thought he just made more food and listen to the show less
Okay, we love Chuck my time to like bug off
WQM ordering lunch. Wait, too bad they could have got right on
Because we're ordering lunch and the rest of you just wait
So anyway my good friend Pharyll this is Jeff Rimmer
Uh coming to find out that in their family they've discovered uh, and this is another deal where she's trying to pedal something because
She's got nothing to do with this, but she's just using it metabolism life
And I you know all of these pills I was just talking about this yesterday that inform a thing
You know the fat burner and the exercise in a bottle and all these silly ridiculous idiotic things
I mean come on
But she claims that uh, somebody she knows somebody in a family has lost uh, I guess about 35 pounds with us
And is still eating basically whatever he wants
Metabolife so she faxes made the information on this these are capsules
And uh, I don't know I don't know what to tell you they evidently are selling these at kiosks in the various malls around town
And also you can buy them over the internet
Metabolife 356
It was formulated to raise the bodies metabolism and create a thermogenic response which in turn burns fat
Not lean muscle tissue
Because of this precise blending of herbs and other nutrients
You'll realize higher energy levels which are normally not achieved while biting and reducing caloric intake
Metal life 356 also uh, metabolife reduces appetite prior to meals
You take it with water before the meals and then supposedly you lose weight
Like Erica strata said about whatever product he was peddling there on those infomercials
Yeah, we couldn't believe it people were taking his crap and they were losing weight we couldn't believe it
Oh
Does anybody believe it? No, how do they got a brain but this Metabolife she claims it works and I thought I would pass it along and also share with the audience before go wasting any money on it
And of course she says what you're probably have said he bring it for a bunch of it in for free
Am I looking for free is that it? Of course, why not?
I work here in radio in this market. I've learned over the years if it's for free. It's better like today's lunch will be delicious
I mean the food from checks is always good, but it's especially good when it's free
Here's plantation hello
I like Ruth Chris for example, Ruth Chris is always great, but when he pick up the thing it's not don't even waste your time
Okay, don't even dignify them by wasting your time
Here's a Davy hello
Hi Neil, you might lose your appetite now
Did you read the front page of the herald this morning about what
Nick Navarro you want out. I'm glad you reminded me that thank you. Thank you for reminding me now just lost my appetite for lunch
Nick Navarro won a million dollars in a slot tournament. Did you read this?
Good to swoon again, huh?
Here it is on the front page of the herald and I guess where he did it to here's another one of these goody two shoes right wingers
They used to be the sheriff who's a real asshole by the way
After a Las Vegas vacation former Brawardshire if Nick Navarro is a million dollars virtue
He let's see it cost 25 grand to compete in this slots tournament and he was the winner. He won a million bucks
Go ahead doesn't that prove to you that there's no god right there. Uh-huh. That Nick Navarro won a million dollars
Here's a mobile in key lago hello
Mobile in key lago
Oh hi Neil, yes sir
Program so far. I mean what else could Brian Cox say though?
Um, you know, he's quite a vocabulary on the young man
I just got back what trips. I wanted to tell you about it was in Havana for seven days and night
And I truly enjoyed it. I'm catching help from some of my close friends here that
Reversed for that. Yeah, but I found it
Very extremely enlightening and traveled about 600 miles on the island. I never saw any
That's for people whatsoever and the economy there is really booming everybody's in business there except the American
The economy is booming and the people are living the life of Riley
You're telling me to expect me to leave this with a straight face. I don't know about Riley
I'm just telling you what I saw me. Oh, yeah, I just hate their health burden
Act is off and
Yeah, no, well, what is it that you saw that makes you think that the people are doing so well
Well, I think well mostly what I saw was the new hotels naturally
But yeah, of course in the hotels you're gonna see tourists and you're gonna see a glitzy show they put on for you
And it's gonna look like then that's like going to Vegas, you know
And the saying hey all the people here are living great maybe some of the people in vegan last Vegas are starving to this
No, I agree with you. I know what you say about that. I love Vegas. Do I go a lot?
But why do you feel compelled to say that everybody? There's doing so great
Well, please forgive me. I know I say everybody doing great. How many people you know we got people here aren't doing great
I never saw any unhappy people I never saw any beggars. I never saw any trash on the street
But you said you hung out in the hotels. Did you like go through the whole city? No? No, no
No, no, no. I we went on our boat. We took our boats stayed there seven days and night yeah traveled over 600 miles on the island while it was there
Yeah, I rented a new car
I'll down to Verra Dero over to Mariel and just Sonora trying to say and everywhere I went
Everyone seemed to be providing for themselves and they seem very happy right and there's over 30 new hotels under construction right now
Yeah
And on the call of call. Well, thanks for the good news
I guess that means that all those people down there are domino park that are all about a shape they can go back now the closest
I don't give a damn about those people domino park. Yeah, I do want them to go back and be happy
I'll be happy here
I'd rather see a kid in a van I give a shot of pen and film and this stupid ass
Else Bertrand fall you know what I mean?
The embargo doesn't allow that yeah
Anyway, you know, thanks for letting me be there
Okay, have a great time whatever he said anybody believe what he said. No, well he had a great time he said
Okay, it's 1109 at 560 W maybe OJ will move to a van that sounds good
Oh, a good place for him him and Fidelic could hang out together. They could smoke the big Stogies play a little golf that their balls are mind together
Wow, I wonder what kind of wacky we did we're feeding this guy down there. Hey, do you have a happy? I hate to be out there again
I'm happy
What would you do if I had normal food?
No
Is that how my daddy is okay?
My
writes ingate
Please
My
to mess in where I could find now.
Salad music, see, by just spreading your lies.
Yes, it doesn't matter if it's a killer or a guy.
How old were you, Vicki?
We had young 17.
Well, at least until I'm out of rehab 35.
I get by with the plants in my breath.
I get guys with this plant in my breath.
I don't have to try the plants in my breath.
How do you please, your best age, mommy?
She lives through me by carrying, by carrying, please.
You'll be all the money.
Well, in this business, that's the most important thing.
I'm a guest by the simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple, simple.
It actually looks great.
You can't sing an old foot who cares.
Anybody care?
No.
Okay, thank you.
11th, see, I didn't step on that one today.
God forbid, especially if you had like a point of choose.
11th, 16th, 5th, 60th, or cleats.
Potential neighbors speaking of cleats in Tizzy is OJ Seeks Home.
This is an 11b in today's hero.
Potential neighbors in Tizzy as OJ Seeks Home.
Talked about this for a lot longer than I intended yesterday.
And when I left here, I thought about the conversations we had about the 4,000 phone calls we had.
I don't want to generalize, but I will anyway.
The majority of the white people were called in.
I think we're like auditioning for their sheets and hoods.
See if they can get their membership card before the end of the week and maybe attend a few of the meetings.
That was the majority of the white people calling.
And the majority of the black people calling very thinly veiled were really saying,
we don't really care whether we kill them or not.
In fact, we believe he killed them and we're happy about it because here's a black guy even though he isn't one of us.
He's still a black dude that got off and killed two white people.
And it's been the other way around too long and we're happy about it.
See if that's the way you feel it's very unpalatable to say that.
But you know, why don't you say that?
Because no reasonable person wants a murderer to be living in their neighborhood.
The article says, still house hunting in Miami, OJ Simpson 51 has looked at a retired doctor.
He's at his home in the Coral Ag
Gables by the sea.
He's looked at the Southwest Dayd Home of Multimillionaire Cardinal Alan Potentkin and at the Garmo estate in Coconut Grove.
Oi!
And everybody's trying to figure out that, you know, he gets this pension, the NFL pension,
variously described as between 16 and 25 grand a month.
How can you afford these million dollar homes?
If he's not covering up any other money since he's supposed to be paying all his money to the Goldman and Brown families.
Dr. Stephen Lazarus 60, retired pediatrician says Simpson looked at this five bedroom house on San Pedro Avenue on the market for 870 grand.
And it goes on and on and on and on.
And it says, Carlos Silva, 33, a medical malpractice lawyer and the Garmo resident says neighborhood scuttle blood is that Simpson might move in by September.
I welcome him, Silva says.
He says the messy murder case isn't an issue for him.
Don't know whether we did it or not, but the court found him now guilty. I respect that, he said.
Is that incredible or what?
Doesn't know whether we did it or not, but the court said, now of course he is only interested in what one court said.
The civil court that actually said, I guess he did it, he can look the other way.
If he gets the right price, I guess.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Okay.
I got a solution for your lunch. They're called veggie slices.
They're slices, they look just like they taste exactly like cheese, exactly.
Where do you get that?
Public.
Anywhere like that.
They have veggies slices.
Maybe they're made of soy.
No dairy at all.
Made of soy?
Yeah.
Great.
Are they good?
They're great.
Now where do they have them in public?
They have the cheese thing.
Exactly where the slices of regular cheese are.
They're a little more expensive than cheese, but.
Do I care about expensive?
It looks just like they're Swiss and American, so they have same colors, the light, yellow and then the orange.
Okay.
But there's no dairy, it's all soy and it's great.
I'm on it.
A quick, quick request from my frog friend.
The old man says, why don't you go back to Canada?
Okay.
Thanks, too.
When he says, quick, request, he's right.
Let's say, go back to Canada, you will.
And what's one is?
Why don't you go back to Canada, you two bastards?
Why don't you go back to Cuba, you're a spick bastard.
Why don't you go back to New York, you'll walk bastard?
Okay, we got them all in there.
5, 6, 7, oh, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
I mean that's really what a lot of you people were saying here yesterday.
As on the one hand, we got a bunch of people that hate black people who are really are just out of control with their racism.
I mean, I have problems with my own, which I've talked about over the years, controlling my racist,
racist feelings, which I do have.
And George would be the first one to tell you that, yes, I do have them.
Is this thing beeping?
Is it out of something back here?
We're working on it.
It's going to need more ink.
Oh, we're working on getting ink for the goddamn facts machine.
Jesus, what are we going to do with the facts machine breakdown?
We won't have always really brilliant facts.
But I mean, these people call in here yesterday,
whether it's grotesque, disgusting stereotypes.
And then on the other hand, these smarts is calling in,
which almost never call this show.
And all of a sudden, it had nothing to do with any of that.
All I said was, who wants to murder or is a neighbor?
We don't want them here.
And right away, it turns into a whole racial song at the end,
because that's the American F and Way.
Let's just find one more good reason to hate everybody else,
because we're so much better than you are, Neil.
We're so much better people than you are,
even though we're just filled with hysterical hate.
Maybe it's their religion's doing it to you.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello?
Hey, Neil, how you doing, sir?
Okay, sir.
Listen to the metabolite pills.
Yes?
I took one about three and a half months ago,
and dropped about 45 pounds, however.
You can't exactly...
Wait a minute, you took one and you dropped 45 pounds?
No, no, no, no. I've been...
If I actually took about four or five of those,
you'd ever seen me again.
Well, anyways, I bought three or four bottles.
I was on them for three months, not about 45 pounds,
but the moment it was like every pill.
Once you're off, boom.
You get back up again.
Yeah.
And the only thing about everything you want,
that's true to the sudden extent, however.
He being human kind of awesome,
because the following of it, I get every day, is...
Like all those beans.
Oh, that's starch.
Exactly. However, I started taking it last Thursday,
and I dropped about five pounds in a week.
Now, is it safe for anybody to take?
Because I noticed in the literature here,
it says if you have high blood pressure or diabetes,
I like everything, says, if I thought you're a doctor.
Exactly.
But it's not like speed.
It doesn't make you feel like you're a doctor.
No, not at all.
The only thing with me is, you know, I have been crap and more lately.
That's the fact.
Yeah, that's the fact.
And what's your pop, about the four or five pills a one day,
it's supposed to feel like it smells like there's stomach inside,
maybe the cover, that's still feeling, you know?
It makes it swell up.
Exactly.
And you're stuck, too.
Yeah, great.
Yeah, see what I do, it's fine.
Never know.
So that's it.
Okay, thanks.
You got it.
Okay, there you go.
I'm going to tab a life.
Oh, this thing back here is driving me down.
They try to have traction with you.
And I'm already with the noise.
We'll get to you, okay?
Beeper like a guy, they mullin'.
Here's the fact that somebody was gonna send me, but from the beacon health plan,
but because there's no ink in there, the facts didn't come out.
So if and when we get the ink in there, I'll let you know,
and then you can be facts, maybe the information.
Because it's probably about this metabolism stuff.
I'm serious if this stuff actually is safe number one and number two,
if it works.
Oh, man, can you imagine?
Can you just see me 30 pounds lighter, speaking of Rick Springfield?
I put him to shame.
What?
I'd look just like Corey Sabin if another 30 pounds lighter,
another 40 years younger.
Now where do we get the young pills?
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hi, how you doing, my friend?
Okay, sir.
About what you said before about OJ coming in about the murder.
It's true, but yet that lady that was banging on every door stabbed.
Nobody knows.
Nobody answered the door and little Haiti.
No, everybody was out that night.
Isn't that incredible?
I saw that.
I don't know if it's enough to make you just tear your guts out.
You got to hit six little kids and she's a good stab and she's going door to door to
break your face.
Trying to find help, she's still alive, trying to find somebody to call a paramedics,
get her some help while she's dead.
And nobody heard nothing.
Nobody heard nothing.
It was a pass or buy in a car that called 911 on it.
No, it was a woman that came, was just coming home.
All right, found her body on her front lawn.
But yet they've also, but they have the energy to call you and say that you're a racist.
Right.
I think about Israel is in the Philippines.
There are these little bars that have, you know, Russian ladies that you pay to have sex with.
It's like Vancouver or Amsterdam, even Las Vegas.
That's why I think the guy went to Las Vegas.
I mean, to be like, Amsterdam or Las Vegas?
Well, it's kind of like that.
Oh, come on.
No, it is.
That was a new story on 2020 about that.
I don't see too many guys with pay us in Amsterdam.
Well, there was a new story on it where they paid you guys with a land to fill in in Vegas.
They knew you'd pay in a coffin, but they're not land to fill in.
One of the bars?
Yeah.
Okay.
And buy Russian women to go on work force.
Yeah.
And to service the clientele.
Yeah.
And that's why I thought he went to Israel.
No, he went to Israel because he's a professional Jew.
That's why he went to Israel.
Oh, okay.
He's been raised as a professional Jew.
Oh, okay.
I thought it was just because he wanted to get out of the way.
He wanted to get out of the way.
That might have been probably.
Okay. Thanks for the good news.
Okay.
So there you go.
The tablai, we're going to start popping it by the handful.
Just shoveling it down our push.
Where do I get it?
Now we've got to find out which mall is peddling it.
Because I don't want to wait.
I don't want to, you know, because you can order it through the internet and you wait for it to come in the mail.
I don't want that.
That's the way it is with me.
I find something good.
I want it right now.
567-0560-pound-560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile and four-letter deal.
Hello.
Hey, hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you, sir?
Okay.
First of all, the tablai, Mindy Lying, has been taking it for two years.
Hello.
How long?
I'm listening.
Okay.
She's been taking it for two years and how late does it stay down?
Yeah.
I don't tell you where can I tell you that, sir.
Okay.
And they sell it in the call square mall.
I think they got a booth up there.
No, I'm not going all the way up to call springs.
I know.
I think.
Okay.
Thanks for the good news.
Thank you.
Okay.
Mindy Lying has taken it, which she also had her eyes done, which she was on TV for that.
Mindy Lying, she's taking it for tablai.
I'll come to this audience, doesn't seem to know much about it.
I had two calls.
So is Darleen Evans from Kiss Country.
Darleen Evans from Kiss Country has taken it and the pills too.
But where is she putting them?
I don't even know who that is.
I don't know any of those Kiss people.
I did meet Bob McKay.
She's a nice person, George.
It's a little bit of a loan.
Now, Bob McKay, I asked you what you're about him and George says.
He's an asshole.
I don't know.
I met him.
I thought he was okay, but George says.
He's an asshole.
Over and over again.
He's harping on it.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap.
We'll find out about this stuff and where I can get it.
I'm not going all the way up to Coral Springs to get it.
Coral Springs to me is like, jeez.
You know what I'm saying?
I mean, if I were getting a free meal at one end, so one of those places up there like that,
I might consider going up there.
But other than that, would I ever go to Coral Springs?
No.
No.
Not my cup of tea.
Too many gangs running around.
Is that thing going to stop?
George is servicing our fax machine back there, by the way.
When he's finished servicing it, it might stop making all that squealing noise.
God is that thing annoying.
So I retract what I said about this fax here, you know, from a beacon health plant.
I thought it was going to be something about the metabolism.
Which now I find out, by the way, that everybody and their brother has been taking this crap.
Joe Costello comes in here.
Oh, I took it.
And it kind of works, and it takes away your hunger, but it does make your speed jump a little bit.
It's a little bit like speed.
See, I don't need that.
I guess I could try it and see if my blood pressure goes soaring,
and if I have a stroke right away or not.
But that doesn't sound too promising.
Because the last thing we need is God damn speed.
You know what I'm saying?
Like, let's call up what's your name.
See if she's maybe peddling this, huh?
Linda Energy.
So anyway, this beacon health plant fax turns out to be a whole song of dance with Bible prophecy
and summary of why children become murderers and all is below me about sin and this and that
and all this other crap.
Okay, waste in our fax paper.
We just put brand new ink and fax paper in there, and this jackass from beacon health plant
is waste in our fax paper with a pile of crap, superstitious, focused, focused crap.
Don't do it again, pal.
Okay?
You're going to burn in hell.
Somebody also faxes me this from the Hollywood grapevine.
It says, did you catch singer Brittany Spears uplifting performance on Nickelodeon's Kids Choice Awards?
It asks.
Yes.
It must have been pretty cool there in Orlando, Florida under the hot lights.
Somebody get the 17 year old pop star abroad.
Folks were talking about the segment for days after, pealed by earlier hullabaloo over whether
she's had breast implants.
Something is sure different.
We found Nickelodeon's brass, who explained that spirit was covered up during rehearsal and there wasn't much they could do since the show was live.
It was inappropriate, a network executive says, unfortunately, some things are beyond your control and live telecast.
Spears handlers, so to speak, the ones who put her in a bride and skimpy hot pants to those sexy photos and rolling stone say, we have nothing really to say.
Nestle had something to say.
A yank-it sponsorship of a tour after seeing the pictures.
And I'm sure they weren't the only ones yanking it after seeing their pictures.
We can get these pictures of our video this, where?
From Nickelodeon.
Well, they're not going to give you no video.
I'm sure that many of our perverted listeners out there probably haven't.
Maybe we'll want to make you like a 10th virgin copy.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile implantation. Hello?
Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
They have any product out.
Metabolite.
Metabolite makes a crap in it.
It won't.
It doesn't have the caffeine in everything because Metabolite does jack you up.
Oh, can't have that.
It doesn't have the caffeine in it.
It's called Metabolism.
You can get it to Browermall.
Browermall?
Yeah, they have.
And is it work?
It works for me.
I mean, I've lost some weight.
Well, how much?
Like 20 pounds.
That's good.
The metabolite seems to jack me up a little bit.
You feel kind of wired.
Metabolism doesn't have any caffeine.
Metabolism.
Yep.
Okay, thanks.
You got it.
There you go.
Ladies and gentlemen.
Metabolism without the caffeine in all of the sudden, let's, of course, you want to be hyped
up and sound like guilty all the time.
Sound like you're on helium.
5,670560.560.
On the AT&T wireless line.
Thanks, there are good friends.
Chuck at the sub-center for a great lunch today.
Saw Marvin Rahman, stuck his head in the door there for just a few seconds.
And a good thing for him.
He didn't stay around any longer than that.
What does he want?
Probably got an idea about some TV show now.
Thanks a lot for hooking us up with those whammy people.
Not.
What do you think he built out when he did?
You know the amazing part of that is I go to so many places and I was in publics a couple
days ago.
I am such a star in that publics.
If I had any brains, I would just do the show right from there, right from the Sawgrass
publics.
The people that work there, the people that shop there, it's unbelievable.
I'm legendary.
Outside of publics, not too big.
But in publics, so anyway, one of the young black guys, as a matter of fact, who works
there, he was going on and on and on about how much he loved that show and how come it's
not on anymore and he'd be glad to sign a petition, get it back on and pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, you know.
It's amazing.
See those were the only people that understood the show.
They had a sense of humor, the smarts, they didn't care about the guy named Maramoka.
All the white people, all what's he wearing at Vini for, must be an orthodox, you show.
All the stupid white people out there, plus of course the fact you couldn't hear the sound
and it was such a piece of direct, that might have had something with it too.
Plus being on that station.
But I'm glad to see they got all that fresh local stuff out there, you know, like the
monsters and three stooges, all that other good stuff.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's South Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, hi Neil.
Yes sir.
Okay, good I'm on.
Quick question, oh, Learned Rabbi.
Not to be a dead OJ or anything, but how, basic question, how is this guy going to hold title to any real property,
such as Coconut Grove and Coconut Grove without it becoming attachable?
I have no idea, that's what everybody's wondering.
Oh is it?
Well, obviously I have a couple quick, you know, assumptions.
One of the attorneys in Gables by the sea, one of the places where he was looking, says,
as far as the homeowners association, they said that he's undesirable and they don't want persons who are violent
or against whom there are tremendous judgements pending living there.
Right, so I mean, look at me, okay, that the pension is for some reason,
that NFL pension, no one can touch.
I never really got the review.
Well, let's stop and think about it again.
It's 16 to 25 grand a month, which is bad, especially for a murdering son of a bitch like him.
Right.
But when you come right down to it, how can you afford a million dollar home when you're making that kind of money?
And once you convert that pension, which is unattachable for some reason,
you can't attach it, they always said that, but you convert that into real property.
And he doesn't have a lot of money.
But how do you know whose name he's going to be?
Exactly.
Exactly.
So what I'm saying is, who is the shell for him down here?
I mean, a pro!
Yeah, who's going to buy the property?
Roy!
Roy!
I'm going to meet this Roy man, because...
What do you mean you've got to meet him right faster?
We used to play for the dolphins, don't you remember Roy Foster?
No, I was like, what was that?
Roy!
A few years ago, a very long ago.
Oh, remember that.
He's in our sales department, he's right here in the building right now.
Really?
Because someone's going to show for him and buy the house and run it out to like OJ.
In other words, he can't hold titles to anything.
That's right.
So what I'm getting at is...
He could hold a title with a jock strap right now.
Right, exactly.
Without his golf clubs, he's probably in somebody else's name.
Exactly.
But you know, there are...
This guy is under such heightened scrutiny that I think that anybody...
Who steps in on his behalf for this purchase here, I mean, should be investigated.
But of course, it's for it and it'll Roy!
Okay, I'm being a dead horse.
Second of all, state of hell out of a...
Of a GNC, do not purchase anything by twin labs, especially ripped fuel.
This is what we're talking about, maybe speeding up their metabolism and all that.
This stuff, a lot of this stuff has a natural speed and a called a steedra.
And I've done things in my life, I'm not proud of, and I know a lot of drugs.
Yeah, you know, I don't want to get too specific.
But okay, we understand.
Yeah, I try a lot of drug addicts call this your everything.
You know, it's only a second time, but I know our management has been here for a while.
I've been good for a while and I went in and I worked out and I take Chromium and Alcona Teen to speed up your metabolism.
Chromium causes cancer, by the way, Chromium percolonate.
But anyway...
How do you know this?
We're going to drabile, okay.
I just got through reading that.
No, where was that?
On laboratory rats, I mean, I don't know how much they're feeding them, but Chromium percolonate.
I see, I see very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very rats.
So I don't do that.
I did it once, I did, I did like half the prescribed dosage and I almost, you know, obviously, I didn't help.
So...
So what are you trying to say?
What about the type of...
They wait for anything GNC pawn.
I don't go to GNC.
Yeah, okay, good.
That's it.
Because as far as I'm concerned, everything at GNC is like generic, you know?
And if it's bad news and if it's serious, it's crap.
Okay, I wish I could find a good health foodster out there in West Broward, out by me.
I do know what there was a joint in Miramar.
I can't remember.
Well, that's not anywhere near me.
That would be like my going to crawl, spring slums to get these things, you know.
I'm not going there.
Yeah. Well, the bottom line is, you know, the aerobics and the diet, you know.
And there's, you know, there's something out there that might...
The bottom line is when you're fat, you're fat, yeah.
Okay, have a great day.
Bye, you too.
Thanks.
So there's a guy I don't want OJ living anywhere near here.
I thought it was a no brainer.
I thought it was very simple, you know.
And it brought out all this hatred and all these obnoxious people yesterday all whipped up into a bunch.
I mean, who gives a crap about this guy?
He's a murdering son of a bitch.
Let him go bother somebody else somewhere.
And like this guy said, probably he's going to put his name on the thing.
Isn't that great?
Or maybe some of the other...
OJ, maybe our buddy Sam.
An exchange for the autograph.
Maybe they'll put the house in his name.
And all his... maybe Greg Reedle put it in his name.
He's a big shooter.
In fact, the rumor I was hearing was that Greg Reedle was going to sell his house to OJs.
When I heard...
I heard that...
Roar!
He's interseeding on that deal.
Oh, he's going to the morning show.
We already talked about that.
Oh, but he's there is.
It's going to be the...
There's the guy he sucks up.
Roar!
You know what I know, Jay?
There's the guy he wore in OJs going to be on a morning show.
We already know that.
I got news for you.
The day that OJ walks in, that's the day that I walk out.
Just keep that in mind, okay?
I know he'll bring in a lot of revenue.
Not...
No!
Twenty before... well, we'll probably get Popeyes on here anyway.
Twenty before noon at 560 WQM, don't they?
He'll look cold.
We close to ya, ya, ya, ya.
We close to ya, ya, ya, ya.
Roar!
We close to ya, ya, ya, ya, ya.
And here's what we have to say, hey, hey.
We had a lot of blood, and it matched your DNA, hey.
And so we close you, with the pair we thought you had.
And we close you, with the fifth one we'll be back.
And if you kill me cold, but we never found the night high,
we need more proof to show that you murder your ex-wife.
And so we'll love you, because we brought up brand new facts.
And it will love you, we can think of hiding there.
Welcome!
Roar!
We close you, ya, ya, ya.
We close you, ya, ya, ya.
And with some gloves like that,
We know you did something bad.
And with some gloves like that,
We know you did something bad.
And with some gloves like that,
He knows you did something.
I got a story.
14.
The moon is 5.
52 and we got the Marlins and the Cubs 145 and Jim Ad Dogmatic.
After the game we got it, Kaplan 10 o'clock tonight.
When you hear this story and it's not a story, it's a reality.
It's true.
We were joking about this this morning.
I don't want to say Greg Reed told me this.
But somebody inside our organization here at WQAM,
since our good close personal friend, OJ has been cruising around town looking for a place to live.
And evidently, it's serious about coming down here and polluting our already polluted town even worse.
Somebody inside the building said if OJ comes to live here, would you hire him and give him a show on the station?
How many guesses did they need before they found out that the person who asked the question was,
Roy Foster.
And he was serious.
Can you imagine the phone calls that would be coming in here?
We get phone calls.
We never be sure to phone calls.
I guarantee you that.
We got a couple of open lines right now.
But I guarantee if we had OJ working here, those lines would be smoking.
I said to Greg, would he be driving a Bronco to work every day?
Yeah.
He'd have to have real covered parking.
I mean, like real secure.
Like deep inside the bottles of the building somewhere.
So let's get some thoughts on it.
What do you want in the morning?
Would you rather have the worst team?
Or would you rather have like OJ and...
Roy!
Maybe we'll get the water now to you on that show too.
And one of the sales managers that I want to mention, no names.
5670560, 0.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Maybe we could also get the Brian Blades show.
What's wrong with that?
Bring Lawrence Phillips back from Europe.
I have Lawrence Phillips, OJ and Brian Blades on here together.
Mark Dupershow?
Huh?
The sports criminal station.
What's wrong with that?
Here's plantation.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
That was Habelife.
Yes.
I have taken it off and on for the past year.
And in the fall of life.
And I've lost 135 pounds.
Really?
Yes.
Woo!
Started 335 and now down to 200.
And what are you eating?
What does it do for you?
I just eat normally.
I eat three meals a day breakfast.
A couple chicken breasts, some salad for lunch.
And then for dinner, I just have a nice normal dinner steak, right?
And so you even eat your starch on this diet?
Yes.
And still losing weight.
Yeah.
135 pounds.
You know, I got pictures to prove it, too.
And do you feel wired on this?
Does it feel like you're doing speed?
And you, okay, when you first take it,
you get that little bit of a boost.
I mean, it's not like you're on speed.
Like you're sitting there going, okay, here, there, everywhere.
You have hot blood pressure?
No.
Oh.
Do you really have any effect on me whatsoever?
I mean, it's not like, you know,
I don't mean from the pill I'm talking about when you started with all that weight you had.
Did you have any high pressure?
I had some high blood pressure, some stuff like that.
But it didn't, you know, all it gave me was a little pickup.
I noticed I was at work.
I also worked at public tonight, the one you go to.
But, you know, I was there and I was, things were going a little more quickly.
I was, you know, I had a little more energy and stamina.
Yeah.
And it took me a year, but I mean, I got 135 pounds off because of it.
And the best, the place I get it is right on your way home from work down at Pemberg Lake Small.
That's on my way home from work?
Well, I'm okay.
It's a little out of your way.
A little out of your way.
A little out of your way, whether you find my way home from work?
Okay.
Maybe not.
What about the Broward Mall?
I heard the gentleman say that was there.
They used to have it over at Sawgrass down over by where Bransmarr was.
Yeah, not anymore.
I don't know.
They might have put it back in there.
How come it's so difficult for me to find out from these deadheads in this audience where I can go get this stuff?
I don't know, but they say it, most major shopping malls.
They do this at Kiosk, right?
Yeah, there's little carts in the middle of the mall.
Right.
And it's like 50 bucks a bottle.
50 bucks a bottle for how many pills for a 90, I think, isn't it?
90, yes.
I can handle it.
And maybe half a bottle.
They also have that.
They have the stuff that he said with the no caffeine in it.
They have a new one called Metabolite that you're supposed to take while you sleep.
And it helps you sleep.
Doesn't quite seem to be jumpy or anything like that, but also helps to keep your system up and stuff like this.
It keeps it up?
Yeah.
No problem.
Okay.
All right, now.
Thanks. Keep up the good work.
There's a guy lost what he said, 45,000 pounds with Metabolite.
I'm going to try to find out where I can get me some like right away.
Because I'm not giving up my cheese.
I'll turn that right now.
The other stuff, I mean, I got to stop with the sugar.
I mean, I'm just kidding myself.
Being diabetic, I'm killing myself with that sugar, especially with that Jeff Gordon.
What I'm talking about, Jeff Gordon, he'll kill you.
He's like one step away from OJ from where I said, 5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 5, 60 on the 18T world of slime.
I mean, just stop and think about this.
Talk about Hutzba.
Roy.
Goes to Greg Reed seriously and says, if OJ moves down here, will you put him on the air?
Would you give him a show?
How do you think this audience would react if we had the OJ Simpson show on this radio station?
Or if he was a part of any show?
How about let's get him on this show?
Huh?
We have an extra mic show.
I don't care.
Like I told him on the way he went out the door.
I said, just remember my new attitude.
I don't care what you do.
He could do the sports updates.
He could be doing the sport.
They'd be a little bit longer though, because he speaks with that thick tongue.
He's a little bit on the inarticulate side.
You know what I mean?
As what like when he says,
The Kill Nicole.
Yeah, the QAM's comeback show.
The same would be his producer each said.
Oh, I'm sure he would.
Just for a couple autographs.
And maybe for a couple OJ spillovers, you know, some of the skankier blondes
that aren't quite up to standard.
Oh, I guess probably Jordan Knight is, you know, sharing with Sam some of his,
all I tell you, I want to, you look better than he does.
And you don't look that good.
No, seriously, he's grotesque, Jordan Knight.
Tell him I said that.
56670560, Palm 560 on the 18th.
Tell him I said that.
Maybe he'll buy me a Rolex watch.
Here's a lady mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hi, Neil. How are you?
I'm doing great.
You know, I'm all excited about the OJ and Neil show.
Yes.
The woman the call yesterday.
The black woman, the black woman the call yesterday.
She hit it.
She hit the nail on the head and she didn't even realize it.
She said, she said, OJ learned his lesson.
And I mean, if that isn't in hitting it, but, you know.
I wonder if Hitler learned his lesson.
Maybe that's why he blew his brain down.
I'll tell you what.
You know, I live in Plantation 2 and I would love to see OJ walk into the Jack Oranda Golf Club.
I need to keep things that people are really going to welcome me.
I think you at the Riviera Club in the Pacific Coliseas,
I mean, and it has nothing to do with his color, nothing.
Because you and I both know that he is as white as you and me.
Well, that's right.
I mean, for the love of God.
He did.
That's what I found so disturbing about yesterday's show.
You've got so many angry black people on it.
I understand why they're angry, but Jesus, I mean, he's like,
Well, were they happy she was dead that maybe he would date a black girl now,
make like maybe one of the church's daughters for dead it.
No, he's not going to do that.
He had no, he's a white man.
He spoke white vacations with his white in-laws.
Did you ever see one picture with his mother sitting in a wheelchair?
He spent a lot of time in Hawaii.
I don't think you just had to do that at all.
I think you were a white man.
I see so many smartgers in Hawaii.
I've been there six times.
Never saw any black people.
Well, because he was with all his white people.
The only time, really, I mean, if you really want to say it,
the only time he really needed his black friends was his partner in crime
who was driving the Bronco.
And he needed his family, which he probably hated,
that they were living in his house.
But he needed them every day at the courtroom.
Other than that, what do you mean?
You also have to have to have out-callings too if we hire OJ.
All-callings.
All right.
I think it should be like the Hank and OJ show,
like the Juicin Hammer or something.
The Juicin Hammer, I like that.
Yeah, maybe he wouldn't mind.
He can broadcast from, let's see, not a shoelace,
but we'll find him a new bar and the broadcast comes.
Okay, we got some right here on the 441.
I think he'd do great.
Okay, thanks.
Let me announce.
See ya.
OJ Simpson comes to WQAM.
He's a very jackass.
Mine's out about this.
OJ.
OJ.
Oh, God.
I'll tell you one thing.
Not because of his skin color,
but just because of him being a murdering son of a bitch.
And because all his buddies are in another part of the building.
Keep him on that side of the building.
Sam's gonna have to go visit him on that side of the building.
567-0560, pound 560 on the 18 T wireless line.
We got 4,500 open lines right now, as you'd expect.
Watch your dead heads.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Kio Neohite.
Yes sir, speak to me.
All right, I got a couple of comments and a couple of questions for you.
As far as OJ, the reason I'm upset at him and I'm upset at the system is,
I don't think it's going to end up with him being black.
It has to do with he bought his freedom.
Anybody else would have been regular lawyers or would have you.
They would have gone to jail forever.
And I got an idea of what we can do to keep him from coming down here.
We should tomorrow morning, we'll all cry 5 miles an hour and block all the roads.
I mean, you think about that.
Is that a good one?
Another question for you, you can make a little...
Maybe a little bit of an old man would be a good place to do that.
Yeah, or a higher leo where I'm from.
As far as OJ, doesn't he still have like a lot of money from this lawsuit?
I know how can he buy a million dollar house?
Well that's what the guy was saying.
He can't do it in his name.
I have no idea how that works.
And my last question...
I said you'd probably do it in...
ROR!
Name.
Well, my last question.
And maybe the colors can go in there.
Or if you got something, I'm serious about this.
Go ahead.
What can we do?
What can we do about what?
About what did you say he was going to move up somewhere north and they did something to keep him from going there?
Oh, well they made it very obvious that they didn't want him there.
That they screamed and they hollered and they made a big fuss out of it.
And they ran around with signs and we don't want you to hear your murdering son of a bitch.
And when I brought it up yesterday I thought I'd get the same response.
And instead I got four hours on hateful race relations on how black people lay white people and vice versa.
Well let us know where we have to go to screaming hollering.
All right.
Thanks a lot.
See you.
Well there's a guy who's pissed off.
He don't want his murdering son of a bitch coming in here.
And our good friend ROR!
He's got the hood to put it seriously in choir on behalf of his close personal buddy.
Would we hire him here at WQAM?
And the audience thinks it's a joke.
They think it's a joke.
He was serious.
He was dead.
Serious.
Three minutes till known of QA and...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
he got off his clinton he paid me to the party when i'm a bunch of people
in service you know can you know that they're a great mood to much of people
in service all
oh my god just i think of all the people roseville murdered in germany in
japan too
you know sir i'm talking to people like you that i'm gonna put away the rest of
my lunch thank you your help in my diet
this is the guy that told me to move my back to them in fact i'm gonna be moving
my bowels very soon after that call
all these people that have the long stretch and the long reach you know
because of their intense their their obsessive hatred you know
i don't give a crap about your politics or this man murdered two people in
cold blood and the idea that you want to start comparing him to a clinton or
this one or that i i go pedal at someplace else
next mean not just makes me want to puke
thank you
nine minutes passed known at five sixty wq m if you why are you airing
shit like this
keeping through the keyhole watching mom and dad
keeping through the keyhole the most hungry ever had mom and dad were playing
tags white bear on the bed
mommy used our booby as a teleport daddy's head mommy's head was bobbin
gilbo Scott whiplash i don't know what she was drinking but you got a
noob mustache it's been through the keyhole
and show what i see
but i'm sure do you like him or maybe on tv
mom and dad were hooked together white night drinking water
west i might throw something like that mom went yelling at the door
dad was breathing heavy mom was on her knee
he must have had a booboo cause she's just in where he peed
he's been throwing the keyhole watching mom and dad
keeping through the keyhole the most hungry ever had
while we watched those little longer and i started to get sick
if daddy's name is tellmer why mom asked for dick
daddy grounded his eye full back mommy wanted more
she's going back on top of him but oh he's he was snore
he's been through the keyhole i've been waiting for
oh i can't wait to try this out i'm throwing my class
well i can't wait to try this out i'm throwing my class
you know if interesting how some of these people manipulate and twist the
the fact there's nothing in a story that says oh jays look at
terrata house he's looking to buy he's looking to buy
a house now maybe
boy will just hang it over the money for the down payment
huh and put it in his name and that'll solve all these other problems
don't buy a house and of course if he should come to work here at wqa m
i guess i'll have to pay him cash and kind of slip it out of the table
because if he has any extra income that isn't his NFL pension
then that money would have to go back out there to California to the goldmins
in the browns they do that just fine here a lot of under the table stuff
oh yeah and not necessarily having to do with money either
but be that as it may don't get
right involved in any of that oh god it's just mind blowing i mean you know we
started out as a joke on that before the show this more and we're
kidding about that it come to find out that he actually goes to our general
mangler here oh yeah oh jay moves here with you with you with you haram
when you put him on the air how about we put him in the air huh we help
me safe the qa m blimp would be good he could do a remote from there every day
here's pariah and hello p-rine yes hello how you doing Leo okay sir
yes i'm not to me personally i'm making the racist issue because i think
sure i'm not listening i listen to four hours of that crappy yesterday it's got
nothing to do with race here's a murder okay we don't care what color he was
we don't care the color of the people he can't be someone i think the black
people don't know what's in the water but a minute a black person does something
boom it's like like the cop in the york that's going to jail for life that's stuck a
broom handle up the button is button yeah nobody say nothing about that you just
same crack we had yesterday for four hours you're a moron okay i have no room in my life
for any more of that these are people who basically are saying it's okay because the black guy
killed two white people it's about time one of our people got away with murder isn't that great
isn't that lovely thank you so much for sharing your respect for human life of all kinds with us
you racist pig piece of crap you he's in pariah and all like i said let him lose his soul
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line man i listened to more that
swill yesterday and i left here just shaken it in my head too god air everything in this country
it's either a racial thing or religious thing we're talking about people and you wonder why kids
have no respect for human life because they're learning it from you actual that's why
maybe that's why those kids are running around with swastikas out there on their website
in in calorado just like we had these three punks that were painting swastikas on the temple
you see that we're gonna help us that the summer down here the other two days ago which they caught
them thank goodness here's a mobile in western hello hey me how you doing okay um i think
uh we should have uh oh j on overnight doing like a love line show giving advice um um you know
okay five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line here's my name be
chill out the white nail yes sir what's up you get some great calls today buddy i get great calls
every day how these are particularly wonderful you know i hope i can add a little bit to this first
okay great like i said and he's talking about the other colors five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the mobile one line got the marlins and the cubs that one forty five
the seven know which means we have to cut the short a little bit just like a moil we have to cut
on a bias today any interest in the marlins and cubs game no then we got you managed after the game
for solid hour six to ten to nine i'm going to be real interested and curious to see what the other
people my colleagues on this radio station the jox niffing crowd the sports people what they have
to say about the prospect of oh json come to work on here here for wqa m won't that be real
interesting to find out what the other people on this station have to say about that
about oh j come to work here
here's a mobile in opalaka hello hey i'm sick and tired as crap i don't think we take this
anymore where is oh j i want to run them out five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on
a mobile one line here's north mianney hello north mianney hello niel yes sir yeah i can't wait
till oh j i try to attempt to purchase the home because it's going to be very very difficult for him
not that excuse me why then well i'll tell you why first of all because this statute of fraud he
can't even put it in somebody else's name even if he uses the kamen off short truck company
he's disallowed so it'd be very it'd be brutally difficult for him to even attempt to purchase
the house in his own name yeah back to the metabolite for a second second what that basically is
is the fedra which is uh going to be banned by the FDA that's what i just got through reading
that facts like now what it is very very simply if you go to truck stop you can buy that's what i
just got your reading red just got your reading that well i didn't hear you it's epic dream which is
a black blackly willing red and it's bad for you it's very much it's bad bad crap it's going to be
banned it gives you a stroke it speeds up your heart rate i don't want any okay thank you darling Evan
thank you for all rumor thank you everybody else i absolutely positively won't take it
i had enough problems with that god damn fennfin i'm not going to be taken anymore speed okay
not that i'm opposed to speed if you want to take speed if you want to get hooked on
i'm fedamines and just destroy your system and have you a stroke or whatever go ahead be my guest
i'm not taking it so you can have all the cheap rings you can take it home if you want it i'm not
taking it give it to the wife let's see if she grows oh don't give it to the wife that's bad she
doesn't deserve that you deserve it you deserve taking that okay for all those terrible things you
said which i don't remember what they were but they'll come back like what you were talking about
the Jews on Friday there you go she all your Jewish people out there George is going to be taken
in stuff he won't be around long he's going to be popping it in the pill too oh seriously don't take
it's bad for you i mean i got news for you there's no magic pill i mean what how can we all be so
stupid including me if they're really we're something that we're completely safe and actually i
made you lose weight we wouldn't be sitting or buying them a kiosk in a shopping mall somewhere
hearing about it on a fax for my friend feral over the fax machine they they'd be they'd be buying
up the whole goddamn day on these tv stations within for Marshall saying hey guess what here's
something that's not quackery it really works all you fat parts out there here you go
but guess what Virginia there is no pill
nobody wants one more than i do nobody wishes that the old exercise in a bottle and the fat
slimmer and trimmer and all other crap that Steve Garvey and these these axiomorters are
peddling on tv nobody wishes more than i do that there was for real but guess what it's not
here's a model in Miami hello Neil yes sir yeah just to correct the call or call the wallagol
OJ can have a house in his name that they're afforded because Florida is one of five state
that has homes that exemption with a judgment they cannot foreclose on his house they can put a
lean on the house but that's probably why wants to come to Florida yeah that's it that's exactly
the reason they could have put a lean on the house but if the house is no way what he who cares
uh-huh that's what it is okay thanks for the good news okay get Bill Withers out lean on me
that's gonna be the theme song at the OJ house lean on me at the OJ show maybe you can do the show
from his house he and Roy I'm embarrassed for what I really am I'm just humiliated you know it's
one thing that he can't get over his personal friendship with his comeback I mean that's up to him
that's his business but to extend it out to like stick it out and everybody else's face so to speak
that's just over and above the call of duty here's a mobile implantation hello hey Neil how you
do okay sir yeah black woman I called yesterday that says I'm from about since he was since OJ was
acquitted we should just forget about it or leave it alone but leave it alone how come when
how come when Rodney King the police officers were acquitted after the beating of Rodney King
and all those people write it that they force the government to try those police officers again
so they were convicted because they wanted justice and they couldn't find done Crowley on
that's right but yeah but that we're not supposed to want why people aren't supposed to want
justice don't understand the logic here is we've been getting justice for a long time and now it's
their turn to get their justice and screw us all right it just doesn't make sense anymore no
question of course it doesn't like this kind of calls from Perine a few minutes ago that's
giving me a song of dance about uh you know we're supposed to forget about it because when
somebody liked us some of the black people we overlooking like like in Texas did we overlook the
lynching there big national story did we overlooking no and the cop in New York that's going to go to
jail for life now yeah and he's still not sorry about it I don't think it's going to be a
big name so we'll tell him what the other four cops did either by the way yeah and the mayor's
drawing he said this opens things up it doesn't and besides that I don't like the Marlin okay thanks
for the good news there's a bulletin by the way there's a guy who don't like the Marlin oh anybody
out there like the Marlins oh no five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line
no in fact in fact where is that thing this uh metabolites dope what was that Jason he
out of there I don't want it anywhere near me I don't want to see it I want to know from it I don't
want to mind you I mean you know Ferrell was trying to do me a favor and if she cares about the
health of the people in her family by the way she would check that out about that stuff because
not good for you not good for you but what do I know you know what do I know I'm just a uh
fat old Jew here's a mobile in Miami hello yeah yes sir how you doing great did you have to see
the swill the channel six foot on last night about the day he dealt eyes no no oh sounds like
it sounds like they're pandering to me I like seeming drawing around the static yeah there you go
real good I see in the flotilla and this and that and what's going to happen they're interviewing
this Cuban guy and that Cuban person and all these bleeding heart levels that are sitting here
complaining about how it is in Cuba but there's nothing to do anything about it uh-huh and the
other thing is it makes me embarrassed to be a member of the human race when I hear people like
that p-rime guy saying what he's got to say isn't that pathetic I want to blow my brains out well
that's what I had four hours yesterday I got more hours of clansman on the one hand call
a talk on the crap and on the other hand a bunch of black people at the thing it's great that
blacks can get away with murdering white people now is there they're playing catch up I got more
respect for my kitty cat at home okay have a great day and back to you oh look who it is Roy
says it's gonna kick your ass is he really well mine at least my name bloody and losing yet
25 past noon what brings Roy farce to this year's here he's not working here by the way
oh j-he ain't working Greg Reed said no I asked him is he coming no no Roy said told him he was
no he ain't coming no no tell him all the Jews we're gonna band together make sure he don't come
here all of us Jews and guess what there's a lot of us Jews working here huh even George will
be due for a day would you be due for a day I'll pin it back you don't have to just pin it back
like in that movie what was the name of that movie oh crap you know what I'm talking about where
the kid had a pretend he was going the other way he was trying to create a foreskin he was
trying to yank it out and a foreskin too Torah Torah that wasn't it yeah well whatever was
everybody knows the movie I'm talking about what was he saying what kind of trash was uh
bro he said f and chill no we're not f and chill on anything we don't want him here don't you
understand we don't want him here I mean we just took a poll here the two of us George and
yours truly I don't know about anybody else in the building I know some people who would love
to have him here I like let's say I can think of four immediately who would like be salivating
they'd be grabbing each other's privates the water Nazi screw and Roy and Sam Hashem those four
so we're up against it we got those four who I'll say yes yeah and so far only a two of us who say
no we'll take a little poll on this 27 past noon at 560 wqa anyone
so I can't wait yes for I recall the day their homicide
I'm drunk a ride and you won't confess I don't care what they say because okay whatever where we
love
it happened so soon on the 12th of June and okay ran away from that bloody man
I don't care what they say not so jay whatever where we love
I have waited for a little while but I see you still long trial it goes on and never ends
as a satisfying hour that'll chamber to them not give up please and throw away the
jeez it's a game all the claims of his innocent I don't care what they say because okay whatever
where we love I don't care what they say because okay whatever where we love
okay you're such a fool you have 750 people in the board no no no no no no one is asking here okay sorry
about that roll out of here go take that scumbag someplace else and plant them off on them okay got
two it's interesting if you get enough information out there you're starting all kinds of misinformation
here's the fact that says don't take that stuff you were talking about if it has a fed ring there's
a drug interaction between a fed ring the high blood pressure medication also with tranquilizers
and several drugs it might give you heart palpitations and so on then here's a fact from a guy named
victor who says I knew that since you were on the subject of metabolize some dimlet would eventually
call in to put down a fedra a fedra is derived from the Chinese plant my Wang
and spelled ma huang how else would you spell that my Wang
so we have a bit about that as in
I'm not right my wife I just my brother great to tell you about
I'm not a new shop my wife budget me kind of paying outrageous prices for me
okay but anyway it says it's been used safely by the Chinese for thousands of years and by myself for the last six years
there were horror stories out there about palpitations excessive nervousness etc but in most cases you'll find these people fell subject to the typical American effing way of
more is better there's quite and he was right about twin lab they put way too much of fedra than they mixed it with caffeine
with herbs more is not better especially in the case of a fedra I'm no expert bad macos on and on and on he
says if fed ring is a pharmaceutical version of a fedra which is way too potent that should be avoided all caused
stay with an actual and you'll be fine so what do we believe George we've already had 750 different opinions
about it am I going to take it no no I'm not I've already seen in the last a couple of years were taking the wrong kind of pills
and one particular doctor which is not my regular doctor which I don't want to mention no names and what clinic it was at
I'm going to bring that book it again one day very soon that book about the the what do they call them cholesterol the statin drugs
only if you have a very short life expectancy do they recommend you take that drug how do you like that
did that doctor say that no no because of all the terrible things it can do to you
your a bunch of butchers out there by the way most of the doctors your a bunch of butchers you have to open up a meat market a butchershop
bring in the beaver and cleaver here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale hello hey guys this man they found out guilty
this is a lady in Fort Lauderdale this is the same jack as they're called yesterday that I didn't want to talk to
then and don't want to talk to today that doesn't make any sense and does alkali double talk
get a life get a hobby okay go play a part cheesy go play Russian roulette go play in traffic
I tell you to go play with yourself but you don't have the equipment obviously 5670560 0560 on the mobile one line
Mobile in four-lotterdale. Hello. Yes, sir. I want to talk to you about the students
in Columbine and all of these things that are this violence is going to school.
And one million times per needle robbed a season to his out. Yeah.
Excuse me. Go ahead. I think that this whole...
I'll tell you what, when you get a phone that works, call me back and I'll be able to hear
what you're saying that it might even actually be a real conversation all I've done.
56670560.560 on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile in North Miami Beach. Hello.
You'll got. Yes, sir. Not a mobile. Here's a North Miami Beach. Not a mobile.
Yes, sir. That fact stole a little bit of my thunder. But basically what I wanted to cover
was that, yeah, you know, the effect ring is a synthetic version and that stuff is harsh.
Yeah. And I've used the effect or the mall wand, not whang. My wand.
And I have no problems with it. I love this stuff. It gives me the little bit of energy I need
and keeps my clarity up and I really enjoy it. And so whether or not you take a metabolite
or not is not the issue to me. I just want you to know that there is a difference between what
those guys were saying and what this stuff is. Yeah, which is what? Well, like I said,
the effect ring is a synthetic version and it's harsh as hell. I don't know why there's a difference
between the two but there is. The natural version is much more subtle. Yeah. And so, you know,
that's when these guys are calling in and saying that's not keep buying the truck stuff and then
no, it's not. It's not the same thing. And that, you know, the FDA is a. Oh, it's interesting.
We seem to have an awful lot of guys who hang out and truck stops. Do you know what I'm saying?
Yeah, that's interesting. These are probably the same guys who spend the time of those pneumatic
drills, drilling glory holes at all of the truck stops too. Right. And you're talking about all these
pharmaceuticals that keep people, you know, you know, the side effects that keep you sick and
everything. Right. They don't just keep you sick. They kill you. They kill you. Right.
Right. Well, you know, in the FDA has been trying like hell to ban this product on a lot of other
natural products simply because they can't. The pharmaceutical companies can't get a patent on
these things. Right. They don't want to see the market, the natural market go up. Well, of course,
not because it's not good for Pfizer and for all these other goddamn things. I mean, you know,
you sit here watching NBC. We're more concerned about the goddamn stocks of the pharmaceutical
companies than we are about the health of the public. That's the problem in America because that's
the effort away we work. The American have. That's right. You got it. Okay. Thanks. Take care. Okay.
So am I going to take this stuff? No. No. I'm not going to take it. I know how to lose weight
like that asshole I called before. He said you got to move your. That's what he said. I'm moving
it right now. I'm shaking my booty right now right in the chair moving it around. You think the
rumors are listening so that one of us doesn't have to call Pharaoh back until they're not together.
There was nothing. Yeah. Well, he's listening because he is hoping you're not going to be on today.
Oh, he was telling me again the other day about when you filled him when I was sick last week. Just go.
Because you two I keep telling him I'm not going to get in the middle of this because you two hate
each other. I have no idea what started except for the fact that he came here and bossed you around.
And right. He made a lot of promises that he didn't keep. He made a lot of primes.
A lot of bringing you in a lot of the man. He made me go out of this way.
Right.
Out of my way for it. And then you did all that anti-Semitic stuff.
I thought I'd be in with the person. I thought that all about him.
You'll be pleased to know that he's going for a citizenship thing. What is it a week from Wednesday?
A week from today. Maybe you'll run into him there at the INS office. He's like, we're in together.
And that's what I suggested to him. You have like a double low ceremony.
That sounds great to me. George and Rimmer together again.
I almost screwed myself up again here with this spot coming up. Don't do it. Neil, it's not worth it.
You know what I'm saying?
They stuck. Not worth it. Don't do it.
Twenty two one is five sixty WQAM.
Raise my knees.
Judge Judy. You know she's tough.
Hey, if I want any more lip out of you, Mr. I'll scrape it off my gavill when I smack you in the mouth.
You know she's home spot.
Look, don't pee on my leg and tell me, your friend.
But now, Judge Judy is taking it to the limit in an all new, prime time special.
General.
Can I un-fox the Attorney General of the Great State of Texas is allowing death row inmates to have their final appeals heard on TV before?
Yes, sir.
Your name is George. Do I look like a disconfertilized ability, you?
You must be crazy. If you think I'm gonna buy that load of crap.
I said to you the death by the electric chair you are sitting in now.
And the last words before are like Chef on National TV.
Can I get a cigarette at anything?
No, there'll be motion thrown in on.
Drop these private words.
No!
That justice.
Death row Judge Judy's style.
Can I un-fox?
Your knees are ringing, I'll be in your arms as the good days.
Who said that you were for the broken heart?
You want heart to sleep in a cleanser's mouth so hard to believe.
Walk with me to meet and meet and meet my eyes on the night, if soon become a world and free.
I can feel the sun, your every wish will be done next time.
Show me the moon, oh be in the light.
This is the feeling I need to walk with.
Tell me why I can't be there where you are.
That's something that I can't believe.
Hey
Our life goes on at its never end
When my stone
Scrubs, the egy
Cat I ever gave
Sp finds and
Voila
Lovely
I'm sure I'm winning now, you're everywhere.
Well, be done and don't be.
You're a reason, isn't it?
I'm feeling all bad.
It's just a feeling.
I need to walk there and you walk there.
I need to walk there and you walk there.
I need to walk there and you walk there.
I need to walk there and you walk there.
It's just a feeling.
I need to walk there and you walk there.
I have no place to go.
So, when the night comes by the end of the day,
you have to be the thing that you should know.
I need to walk there and you walk there.
I need to walk there and you walk there.
You don't want to miss me, don't you?
I need to walk there and you walk there.
Tell me where I can't be away.
Tell me where I can't be away.
I need to walk there and you walk there.
I need to walk there and you walk there.
I can't be there where you are.
I need to walk there and you walk there.
You don't want to miss me, don't you?
I need to walk there and you walk there.
Tell me where I can't be there where you are.
Oh, if that isn't the next single from that album, I don't know what it will be.
And that will be the, uh, head of the year, by the way.
That'll be number one for the year.
And you sitting there and that's a great record.
Here's that just pick.
He actually like seeing about a week.
He'll say, you know, it's okay.
And then about a week after that, I'll say, yeah, that's pretty good.
I got a brain injury between me.
Yeah, right.
Yeah, you need a brain injury.
That's what you need.
Of course, if OJ comes to work here, you might be the first one to get one, you know?
Yeah, X marks the spot.
I don't think he likes little sticks like you.
We already found three people in here that have ax handles and ski masks.
Yeah, really?
We're going to have a welcoming committee.
Same.
Oh, I bet you I know one of them is down in sales downstairs.
Last name rhymes with Drek.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on a mobile one line.
Although, you know something, I don't think about it now that that name came to mind.
Maybe it might be beneficial to have an OJ around.
Maybe he and I could kind of come to what understanding, you know?
Because there we got some people in here that we just assumed not to see anymore.
Right Todd?
Yeah.
One hand, white wash is the other.
One hand, white wash is the other, right?
One ax handle.
Here's Kendall.
Hello?
Hello, Neil.
How are you?
Okay, sir.
Hey, stay away from the fedrunner.
I want to kind of tell you something about it.
Yeah, here we go.
No, really, this is horrible.
It's a horrible drug.
It's almost all cold medicines.
Yeah.
As pseudo-afedrun, I come from the West Coast from Los Angeles.
And in the West Coast, you've heard of crystal meth.
Of course.
Crank.
That's what they make of fed, that's what they make that drug out of.
It'll make you sh**.
Yeah, that's what I hear.
Yeah, so instead of having to go to, you know, to get cocoa leaves from other countries,
you just go to Walmart or Walgreens.
You buy a whole bunch of these cold pills or the raw version of a fedrun.
You cook it up with battery acid.
That's what they cook it up with.
And it's one of the nastiest drugs out there in the United States.
All right.
It's horrible.
I'm surprised nobody had mentioned that, you know, about the crystal meth.
Well, see now what they're getting into is the, you know, the pure drug is supposed to
the herb, and I'm not going to do it.
Well, here's a lot smarter than, you know, a lot of people just believe because something
is pure that it's not harmful.
No, no, they're saying that the prescription drug, we over the medication is more concentrated
and therefore it's a lot more harmful.
Well, it's more vestimular.
I don't care what they say.
I'm not going to take it.
Absolutely new.
Absolutely.
Thanks for the good news.
Thank you.
Okay.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
We got the marlins in the cups.
Don't go away yet.
Please don't run away yet.
They're not coming to 145.
Oh, don't leave yet.
I know it's tempting.
Marlins in the cups, 145 from Ergley Field.
Any interest out there?
They want two in a row.
They're hot.
They're on the road.
They don't want to know from it.
Can't stand it.
I may have to save this for tomorrow.
This is great that you may be gay test.
This is excellent.
Three solid pages of great stuff.
By a good friend of ours, Dr. Dick Insider.
Thank you, Dick.
Here's a mobile and p-rion.
Hello.
Can you provide?
Pyrrion, yes, sir.
Yes, I am.
Hello.
I'm here.
I'm listening, sir.
You got a real crappy phone, but we'll do our best.
Okay, I'll try.
I don't think that I'm going to be going to work for you
because Rick's saying shot is asking the team up with him.
Yeah.
Okay.
Thanks.
Good new phone.
Okay.
But don't call us when you do.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's Opalaka.
Okay, hello.
Opalaka.
Yes, hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I'm the lack right.
I'm not a racist or anything, but I'm the last, I think it was two callers back, the
God from the ride.
You said I was racist.
Yes.
I think I don't think he was meaning it in a way like, hey, as bad people should go out
there killing white people.
I think he meant it as all of the, look at all the stuff you white people have got away
with.
What does that have to do with anything?
Well, we're not into a pissing contest here.
The fact is here is a human being.
We don't care about these white or black who murdered two people.
That's all.
I don't want to be associated with them.
I don't want them living in this community.
Let's give them a little black people.
We murder which should be safe.
Let me, let me, let me say this to you.
Okay.
The only reason that that case got a lot of notoriety was because he's a famous ex-football
player and you know that as well as I do.
There are black people like you white people every day in this country and you never hear
about it.
Yes.
So what's the point?
What does not like re-hair about it?
It does not, nothing's get done to them.
As far as any punishment they always seem to get away.
Yeah, like the cop in New York, do I have to repeat the same thing that I said to him
and the guys that lynched the away and I am.
Three out of a million.
And how do you know?
You have the specific, you have the second.
Come on.
Yeah, you come on.
Everything you want to turn into a racial thing.
Okay.
Are you ever going to grow up?
No.
Are you ever going to get a brain?
No.
Jesus Christ.
How do you reason with people like that?
How do you talk to people who are so blinded by racial hatred?
That they haven't got any idea what you're even talking about.
Talk about a knee jerk reaction, underline the jerk part.
God almighty.
Like I said, underline the jerk part.
Where the hell is that thing?
Oh, it's got to queue up.
Oh, six before one.
It just, it wears me out.
I went through four hours of it here yesterday.
Listening to idiocy like that.
We were not talking about race.
Can't you get it straight?
Don't you understand?
And to set him up is like some kind of an example of black America
who is the biggest uncle Tom that ever came down a pike that wouldn't give a, wouldn't
get it.
He wouldn't stop to give you a dime, okay?
If you were starving it, if you were dying bleeding in the middle of the street, he just,
he'd hit the gas on the Bronco, baby, just to get away as fast as he could.
You never really know which side your bread is buttered on, do you?
That's the problem.
I always hang on to trash like O.J. Simpson, like he's some kind of a hero.
But be that as it may.
Like I said, the only reason that the case got the entire world watching was because A,
it was on television and B, it was on television because he was a national and international
celebrity.
He was a household name.
He could have been as white as the fallen snow and it would still have gotten the same
amount of attention.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Oh boy, it's the one to two hours.
Father in law, would you get off my butt if your daughter's so perfect why she's very
such a putt?
Father in law, you think you're better than me, but I don't eat in cafeteria and I have
cable TV.
Always wearing black shoes with me in a shirt.
You can play the bass at a cut, you won't drive an import.
You're much swear in the movies.
Turn your many thumbs at the beach.
Everyone except Reagan should have been in the beach.
Father in law, you like driving big cars and you hate eating eatin' the big ones that
has a good charm.
Father in law, you think I am a creep, but ain't clippin' coupons every day of the week.
I have something like you don't go to the dog track and I don't drink hot coffee when
I eat a thing man, you're daughter in my west, I will not destroy her.
You're just gonna have to get over it, she needs to marry a lawyer.
101-550, you got me your Q-Ev, we got Marlins in the Cubs coming up in 44 minutes.
Are everybody on the edge of their job?
I know I am, I'm ready to end it right now, I think I might have been too much lunch.
Maybe some of these calls, that's a little bit every time.
5-670-560, 0.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Only now, I must be a little bit slow, you know.
Only now I'm starting to understand the whole OJ thing is viewed by black America.
Not all of them, just most of them.
Get even time, baby.
We just killed two of yours, two whiteies, and they got away with it.
All right, that's the attitude that I'm here in these last two days and it makes me want to vomit.
I don't know, this may sound revolutionary to you, but all the people who are so pissed off about the way things are here,
like all the old Cubans that want to go back, hey, I'll tell you what, go there.
Like right now, immediately if not sooner.
And all the black people that are so disgusted at such a racist country, et cetera, and so on and all the injustice,
which of course there is a lot, but who are so psychotic about it, I'll tell you what,
let's find you a nice country in Africa somewhere, and instead of those crates and all those other rickety ships that your ancestors came over in,
we'll put you like a nice luxury liner.
Anybody lining up to go back?
No.
I don't think so.
It's really old and stale, baby.
I'll tell you that.
Old and tired, for people whose entire lives are nothing but professional hate, just filled with hate.
You hear it in the voices.
Here's the mobile and West Palm Beach.
Chilla.
Almost a duper.
Great idea, Uncle.
I agree with that.
How you doing?
Anybody wants out?
We got all these ships lined up at the border.
Just hop a board and we'll pack you a couple of sandwiches.
Listen, I heard you showed you if they couldn't get in.
I looked at the rent center of the hero of Winx Bay Zingai on one share of stock there.
Yeah.
Like Frost could mention he was a big screener.
Okay, well listen, sell the stock and buy a phone with it and call me back when you got a phone that works.
You got a crappy phone.
5667-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Is anybody ever going to really invent a great cell phone that really works good?
No.
I mean, Jesus, all the money that you people are paying for cell phones and air every single day.
I thought, hey, you weren't like that.
The wonders of modern technology, man.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
All right, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I just wanted to say that at least we don't riot and stuff when a landmark decision goes the wrong way.
You know, we don't tear up our backyards.
But they seem to.
They, we in the, yeah.
We in the.
I know it sounds right.
Well, let me ask you something, sir.
I'm asked the question yesterday and of course today all the rumor around here is that Roy Foster wants us to hire OJ Simpson to put him on the earth.
What is race have to do with this is a man that murdered two people.
Exactly.
I don't care about what color he is.
I keep saying that over and over again and I don't.
I couldn't give a crap less.
How dark, how light, how black, how white.
What differences to make?
He's a frickin murderer.
Yes, sir.
Okay, God bless you.
Whatever you say.
560, 705, 60, pound 560 on.
You don't understand, man.
He's the symbol.
He's the symbol of we finally put one over on white.
There you go.
He's our boy.
Even though he hates us like poison, he's our boy.
Here's a mobile in point and V.
Chilla.
Hi, Neil. How are you doing?
Okay.
Did you ever get the racing channel, Birch?
Did I forget it?
Yeah.
What do you mean did I forget it?
Who said that I wanted it?
I don't want it.
Oh, I thought you wanted it.
No, I don't want it.
Oh, okay.
I'm out of some kind of a degenerate horse play.
You got the wrong show pal.
Call one of the sports shows on this station.
That's where the compulsive degenerate gamblers are.
I go to Pompato Park once a week, okay?
And I win 80 bucks, lose 80 bucks, win 100, lose 200, whatever it is.
I'm not a professional gambler.
You got the wrong show.
560, 7.0560, 0.560 on the AT&T Wallace line.
It's too hard to make, man.
You learn that in your old age.
It's too hard to make the P it away.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got a quick comment for you.
If he were to be hired by 560?
Yes.
I understand the manages, the mad dog.
Joe Rose is the big dog.
What OK, BD crime dog?
Crime dog or the rabbit dog?
Thank you.
Okay.
Or another source who might think he might be the dead dog.
560, 7.0560, 0.560 on the AT&T Wallace line.
I mean, the fact that anybody would even
wrote this subject with our management.
And that anybody in this building could be talking about this seriously.
See, the rights of us who work here, we are the victims of a sickness
that exists inside this building.
We have three people who are upset who suffer from OJ disease.
You've heard of Neil Rogers disease.
This is OJ Simpson disease.
They're obsessed.
They have their noses stuck deeply inside his...
Correct them.
And they can't get them out.
And we're and the rights of us are victim to this.
All of us.
We got one hall.
I don't want to say what office it is down the hall.
The water, not me.
I don't want to mention her name.
She's got big photos on the wall.
She's got his underwear.
She's got blood stains.
Come stains.
She's got every guy.
I mean, it's unbelievable what she's got in there.
It's incredible.
I think she's even got a little pile of...
OJ droppings in there in the corner.
Unless she had an accident.
Oh, is there?
I mean, come on.
And the rest of us have to suffer.
I mean, if that's what you're saying, fine.
But don't bring it to your workplace.
Don't bring it to work and then punish the rights of us with it.
It's like a disease.
It's like an illness.
And then...
Roars!
Comes in here and we're trying to bring this scumbag in here.
We weren't lucky enough.
Yeah, chill this.
We weren't lucky enough that we avoided having Warren Schmohmardi back here for 80 grand a year.
Do one of three minute pre-game show before the baseball game.
Then nobody listens to it.
By the way, anybody want to buy a Marlon's box?
No.
Oh, okay.
Here's a lady, Movel and Hollywood.
Hello.
Lady Movel, yes, ma'am.
Hi, I'm the first time caller.
The obsession that I have with OJ is these stupid people who can't put two and two together
and realize that he committed a passionate murder and killed two people being his wife.
And these people are so stupid to want to accept this guy as a...
You know, to bring him into their family.
They don't care.
They don't want nothing to do with that.
They don't care.
He killed two wifey people.
I'm just saying he's a grown-up.
You want to just talk with white people who make him work good.
You want to talk with the fact that they don't want to hear that from that either.
They don't think they're too blinded by hate.
I mean, I hate this.
They're too blinded by their obsessive racism.
And then he vowed to find the murderer in his days of freedom and where does that go?
Well, it's hard to do that.
It's hard to do that.
Unless the court the murder is a golfer.
If the murder happens to be a golfer, you'll probably find him because he spends all of his free time on a golf course.
Exactly.
And also, no.
Hello.
Yes.
And do you also know that he is now with a 23-year-old woman?
Look alike, yeah.
Nicole was now with either him one who is white.
Right.
Hello.
He's in the white chick, so I understand.
Why don't people wake up?
They can't see the fourth for the trees.
Okay, sweetheart.
Calm down.
Don't let him get to you, sweetheart.
Just calm down.
Relax.
Take two in the call us in the morning.
56670560.
Calm 560.
I'm 18 to the right of the slide.
Very sad.
Very, very sad that we have so many people see, I don't give a crap about any of this.
And believe me, I know all about it.
I know about homophobia.
I know about anti-semitism.
I know about the religious nuts.
I mean, I've had it from every possible angle.
And you know what?
Scrum.
I don't care.
I'm not interested.
I'm not the same feeling about those people as I do about this radio station.
No matter what goes on here as long as I get paid, I don't care.
That's the QA and F and W maybe, and everybody's a hell of a lot further along for it.
Except the sponsors.
Like today, for example.
I don't want to pick on the waterknot again, but the way she made this log out today in this hour,
I mean, some people are getting a major league screwing.
Even a Kathy Willowt house nobody ever got a screw in like this.
We have live accounts that bought neo-roger's live endorsements that are going to run on tape later on, evidently,
since you only put one in the entire hour here today.
Something's very wrong.
Something's rotten in Denmark, but am I going to get excited about it?
No.
Why care?
No.
No, we don't care.
At least, but I'm the only one in the building honest enough to tell you, we do not care.
We don't care.
We just want your money.
Make sure the checks are in on time.
Don't get behind when you get your building.
Get that check right in the mail.
But over and above that, do we care about service?
No.
About anything.
No.
And we'll live a hell of a lot longer than most of you will as a result of that.
Who needs the stress?
Being conscientious, caring about things, being a professional, all of these things are about the window when you come to work here.
And you know something?
I say, yeah.
Who needs that?
I made a Cox broadcasting.
They put up a big pretense of all of that.
Did they really care?
No.
They didn't care any more than these people do.
But they just went through a lot of regular rule to put on the act that they cared.
Because when push comes to shove, they shove us right out the door.
And did they care about any of us?
No.
Of course not.
Look at all the great severance deals that everybody got.
The ones who are, you know, the little underlings there?
That got about what, four hours pay?
Oh, we'll see, yeah.
Good luck with buddy-bub-paxing, that religious nut.
Good luck to you, you'll need it.
So that's the way it works.
I mean, when you're especially when you're working for other people, if you've got your own business, you're working for yourself.
Then it pays to be a little more conscientious because it's in your own self-interest.
But when you're working for a bunch of great robbers like the beesleaf, who gives a crap?
If they want to walk around dressed like that, they're at their business.
If they want to walk around like they've been sleeping in a dumpster all night.
Why should we care?
If they don't care, why should we be embarrassed and humiliated?
That they look like a bunch of hillbillies.
We don't care.
Greg read walks around with a haircut like that.
And then comes in here today and brags to me that he finally got his haircut.
And I looked at him and said, yeah, how could you tell?
He could have fallen under a weed wacker and got a better haircut than that.
It's 11 after 1 at 5.60 WQAM.
And 5.60 WQAM presents As The Pussy.
Your chance to speak directly to the program director of WQAM.
Hello.
I'm The Pussy.
Let's go right to the phones.
Oh, just here on the air.
Oh, yeah.
I had a WQAM dream up those phenomenal dumpers, Dickers.
Well, it's funny you should ask because I just so happen to have a tape of that promotion's meeting right here.
So you can hear for yourself.
Any ideas for that new bumper sticker?
Yeah, how about 5.60 WQAM with the yellow letters and blue background?
No idea.
Give me.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Spread your legs.
No, don't put your legs there.
What's up for the light?
Yeah.
And that's how it happened.
Do you have another question, Collard?
Yeah, do you think the Marlins are going to win the Super Bowl?
I'm afraid that's something you'll have to ask our sports experts in the morning.
But thanks so much for calling WQAM since you're the only caller we got.
Please, please call again.
We'll be back in a moment with more Ask the Pussy.
Okay, 1.16 at 5.60 WQAM.
We don't have many more calls than the Pussy does, by the way.
We have two or three, a couple and a half hour to kill here before that big Marlin game.
They're already abandoning us.
You can feel it.
You can smell it in the air.
5.6705.60.
Pound 5.60 on the AT&T wireless line.
But plan had bit giving you an inspiration though.
I finally figured out what we need in this place.
That's the power of Christ compels you.
The power of Christ compels you.
We need an OJ exorcism is what we need to get the evil spirits out of.
Roar.
And certain others in our midst.
The guerrillas in our midst.
5.6705.60.
Pound 5.60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Very sad.
Tragic.
Here's a mobile informer.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
You stood there going to make more money when he gets on that station than they've ever made.
Oh you think you're going to be on this station?
Excuse me?
You think he's going to be on this station?
If there's a possibility, I think they would.
There's definitely a possibility.
I think we're the hell you get off trying to take morals over money.
Money takes the president over everything.
This is the new millennial.
It's all about making money, dude.
It's all about making money.
Everything else comes second.
How many spots do you see him on?
Do you see my TV spots?
Well, you know, someone's got to crack the eggs.
Yeah.
And practice.
Okay, practice.
Yeah, he's a real asset.
No question about that.
Isn't there aren't people like you got clamoring just to their names identified with him?
Not 5.6705.60.
Pound 5.60.
Of course, you know what he says.
It only hurts for a little while.
Where we going?
Here's a mobile and Jupiter.
Hello?
Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
Can you hear me this time?
Yes, I can.
Good.
I'm on a legal phone.
Listen, like I said before, I was at the high zingers.
The shareholders being yesterday, which is no big thing.
That's why I couldn't call you.
I heard part of the show about the racial tension and all this.
Racial tension in America.
Racial tension in America.
Racial tension in this country.
There was some of his calls there.
I don't know what you agree or disagree, but that's just my opinion.
What I don't understand is if we don't want this man to move here, I mean look,
it's huge, but it's going to be on a hunger strike.
Okay, thanks.
5.6705.60.
Pound 5.60.
On the AT&T wireless line, let's go to a dear field.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Let's change the subject a little bit.
Oh, please.
Please, I'm begging you.
I lost 10 pounds.
Yeah.
Seven days.
It's the low carbonyd diet.
That's it.
Well, what do you mean by that?
That's the AT&T diet.
Well, it's not exactly.
You don't have to eat that.
It's to be great fruit and eggs and bacon.
You know, you don't eat great fruit on the AT&T diet.
Well, 30 grams of carbohydrates is nothing.
You know, in seven days, I mean, there's bolts.
You know, so I'd suggest it to you.
Okay, thanks.
Okay, he's introducing the AT&T diet to me, which I only been doing for about five years now.
Can't do it.
Can't do it, Polly.
I just gave a duff for our pussy director.
I just gave him the book this morning because I told him, just keep it.
I don't need to see it again.
I know it by heart.
Can't do it.
It works.
It's great.
There's all kinds of wonders for your blood sugar and for your blood lipids.
And it's absolutely marvelous.
I can't do it.
I'm addicted to sugar.
I cannot live without my sugar.
I think maybe just a fast.
Maybe if I just had a pacifier, other than while I'm working here on the year, that would be the only time I would take the pacifier out of my mouth.
You know what I'm saying?
Just an even during the breaks, you know, when we're playing a recorded spot, a rocker.
So I'm going to have a pacifier.
You can't eat and have a pacifier in your mouth at the same time.
Works for little babies.
That's right.
Okay, you got that phone number?
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Oh, uh, to your topic.
Okay, I only killed one white person.
Yeah.
I don't know.
Oh, yeah.
Got your idiotic facts yesterday to the same crap.
Okay, my antisemitic asshole friend.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, and a lot quicker than you are.
Okay, you retard sounding piece of dirt.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, 5, 6, and a lot quicker than you are.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, and a pound.
5, 6, 6, 8, 8, and 8, and a pound.
You see how this brings out all the best in people.
All the hate mongers, all the people filled up with their hatred, the Jews, and the Cubans, and the schwarzers, and the white people, and everybody on the facts, and everybody else.
You're just a bunch of sick, hateful, miserable idiots is what most of you are.
That's America for you.
People just wrapped up in hate.
Here's a mobile in North Miami Beach. Hello.
Hey, Neil, I've often wondered what does that think the God hates like.
Yeah, uh-huh.
Ask your mama.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, and a pound.
5, 6, and a pound.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Near.
Yes, sir.
Oh, yeah.
Okay.
Near, listen, please.
Do us decent people a favor.
Yeah.
Let this thing go.
Dear God damn you're killing us decent people.
We don't care about this guy.
Yeah.
Well, whether he's black, black, green, or whatever.
Yeah.
The average black American don't give a hoot of ice.
Give a right, a right.
Please, Neil.
Let it go.
You kill me.
I love your show.
I want to listen to, but miss your favorite.
Please, let it go.
Okay.
Let it go.
Well, wait a minute.
You want him coming working where you're working?
Neil, I don't care nothing about this guy.
Doesn't bother me at all.
I don't care.
Neil, please.
I do care.
I don't want him here.
Kill him.
No, I don't care.
Too bad.
Too bad.
I don't want him here.
I don't want him working in this radio station.
Do you want him working here?
Anybody?
No.
I thought that's what Ronan Nicole said.
Please, you're killing us.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
But I was only one white person there.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
122 at 5, 60 QAM.
Oh, God, Neil.
Coming soon from directors George Lucas and Francis Ford Coppola,
the newest chapter in the Star Wars saga.
When the heads of two families collide in space, they become starwars.
Within all star cast, James Rowe Jones as Darth Vito and Marlon Brando as
Obi-Wap Kenobi.
You should not have come back, old man.
Your power's outwee.
You can't win, though.
If you strike me down now, my family will become more powerful than you can possibly imagine.
When I let you, I must put the learner down.
I'm not a master.
Only a master is evil, though.
Al Pacino as Han Solo Mio.
Come on, great off.
You want some of me?
Come on.
You're going to mess with the bet.
They're all up to my little friend.
Silvester Stallone as Chubacola.
Look, look.
Hey, you, huh?
You always do.
You always do.
You always do.
You always do.
You always do.
With new feature footage never before seen of the ominous Don Java.
Ah, we bump people.
It's the Zimaba, undass, Dade.
It's the Zimba, free to be the princess.
Ha, ha, ha, he's the princess.
You must know how Comhan Solo Mio turned Gredo into an egg and potato pie.
Tony Danza as Luca Skywalker.
Yoda?
Leo?
Shot at him.
Luca, my son.
You must go to the Dagelbar.
Dagelbar?
He's then in the swamp?
No, it's a bar on seven streets where we're all dying now.
You must go there and learn the ways of the sauce.
The sauce is what gives the Jedi his power, his energy.
Where is the sword?
You can my kitchen.
It's in your kitchen.
It flows between the sausage and the radio.
The plaster and the meatballs.
It combines everything together.
With special guest appearance by Joe Pesci as Princess Leone.
You're not understanding something.
You're the rest you need.
I'm your host.
It's dead enough I gotta stand over this, which is a fucking denger engine bun to my head.
And you're fucking up.
You're the king.
This is the hold of my sister's racing.
I don't fucking know.
Just use your friends and you're walking.
I'm not gonna stop you.
I'm just a pilot.
You haven't seen anything until you've seen everything.
And don't miss the final chapter of the saga.
Return of the judai.
Coming soon to a temple near you.
Oh!
May the stars be with you.
Hey, I don't see anything wrong with that.
I mean, if I'm listening to the Backstreet Boys, I think Joe Castello can remain an overgrown child
and watch auto racing and star wars for the rest of his life.
What's wrong with that?
And shave his nuts.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18th.
He wireless land.
We got what?
16 minutes to go until I got there.
Marlon came coming along.
Just throw it.
Throw everything.
Throw it as a chigger in the wood pile.
Oh, see?
There he goes again.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Dale.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
I know you're a big son in some of the land spent.
Two weeks ago, I was at the store looking at an magazine.
Times magazine.
I don't know if you've seen it.
And there's a picture of when mixed fosters meeting animals for five years.
Mixed fosters?
Yeah.
I don't know she had a sandwich in there.
Yeah.
He's meeting her for the first time in that cell.
And I'm looking at the picture and on the right hand of the cell and the wall.
Up in the corner of the right hand of the cell, there's a plaque.
And besides the plaque.
You know what it says on the plaque?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
That's what it says.
But it says, there is a skull on the wall.
I know if you've seen that before.
There's a skull on the wall.
Yes, there is.
There's a skull.
Right on the wall.
There was a last one.
Now I think you're confused.
I think it was a skull cap.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless lock.
Come on.
We got 600 empty lines here and 14 minutes to go until I got the embalging.
And for that hysterical sparser, they called a couple of calls ago.
I'm killing you with this.
Let me just say this to you.
Sir, all I did was mention yesterday that this guy who's a murderer wants to move to this town.
I never said anything about black, about white, about race, about any of that.
You people, all these people out in radio land, whoever the hell you are, with all your obnoxious, obsessive hatred,
you're the ones that started this whole song at an ant.
And I can keep repeating it like a guy that they're minabird over and over again.
I don't want a guy that murdered son of a bitch working in our midst here, much less living in town.
So we need him working here in this building.
And all of a sudden everything in America can be, you can take anything.
You can be talking about roasting marshmallows and right away they turn into a racial thing.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello?
Yes, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Went to Rome.
And Florence, Genoa, Fiza, and Venice.
See?
And it was absolutely spectacular.
Food was marvelous.
But I tell you what I love the most.
Driving.
I drove through not only there, but we went to four other countries.
And I drove.
The courtesy over there is incredible.
Well, you didn't drive in the city then obviously not in Rome.
Yeah, I drove in the city.
And their drivers over there, they are not operators.
They're drivers.
The people over here in this country, if they drove in that country, they'd all be smashed up.
That's right.
Those people know their cars and other vehicles.
We almost, we saw one accident the entire time we were there.
Yeah.
And it's thousands of miles.
But when you get in the fast lane, it comes up behind somebody.
They pull over.
They're courteous, thoughtful, incredibly good driving.
Those drivers in Rome are courteous?
Well, they're crazy.
But they're not courteous.
They're courteous and a crazy kind of a way.
They drive.
You know, they really move.
I mean, you go within a half inch of each other, but they move.
In fact, if you have your mirrors out, they hit the mirrors.
Yeah, they know what they're doing.
I was close to my eyes in the cab, but they know what they're doing.
Well, I don't mind driving over there.
I thought it was a blast, and I was just really impressed with how courteous the nights that people are in Rome.
And all over Italy, they were terrific.
France, not so high.
No, France sucks.
No, they were only one problem with France.
Too many French people there.
Okay, Pat, glad you had a great time.
Thanks, Pat.
I'll read it there to you.
Okay, 200 open lines, 56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a lady mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Gail.
I'm sitting here with my 14-year-old daughter.
She got out of...
Wait a minute.
What happened to the lady mobile that it says on here?
Hello.
Yes?
Okay, I'm sitting here with my 14-year-old daughter.
She got out of...
Let me say it again.
What happened to the lady who called on this line?
Oh, she's sitting right here next to me.
She's my 14-year-old daughter.
Oh.
She never got on the phone.
Okay.
She wrote her eighth grade thesis on violence of the lamb.
Yeah.
And she never gets out of school on time to ever request it.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I was wondering if...
I know you only have a few minutes left, but if you could put it on the whole thing,
it would be really great for her as a graduation gift.
Okay.
You got it.
Thanks a lot.
You're the best.
See there.
I was trying to answer the questioner where she was and she was just a little nervous.
Here's a mobile implantation.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Have you seen a new picture of Patrick or after?
I think he's going to go go for this guy.
Here's a mobile in South Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, sir?
Okay.
Listen, that was just listening to you.
I think it was about two years ago.
I went to colon in Europe.
Colon?
Yeah.
Colon?
I don't know if it was European or not, but it was a colon.
Colon?
No, it was a colon.
Yeah.
And...
And where's the punch line?
When does it come?
Uh-huh.
More on.
Another idiot.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Okay, just keep plugging right along.
Here's a mobile in cross-spring.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
What's going on?
I just wanted to tell you you are so much better than Howard's.
Yeah, okay.
Great.
Here's a mobile in sunrise.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
This is unbelievable.
It's like all of a sudden simultaneously they pulled the plug.
Like everybody ran out of material at the same moment.
Go ahead.
I just want to know about all your loyal listeners about a speed track on subgraphs.
And any south from commercial, there's about eight state troopers and a couple of our local power deputies pulling people over.
Yeah.
Great. Thanks for the good news, sir.
Thanks for the warning.
Bye.
God bless you.
Well, there you go.
Something that looks a little bit productive as opposed to a world of last four or five calls.
They were all going to make in the same noise.
5667-0560.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's what they were.
And pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line 135 at 560 WDQAM.
I'm going to hop on all the boys.
I'm a Catholic.
No.
This is Debbie.
Hi, Debbie.
I'm in the student getting some operations done.
Okay.
And some body contouring and some liposuction.
Uh-huh.
And I was wondering if it's some tummy tuck and lip augmentation cosmetic.
The breast surgery faced with all of these things.
Uh-huh.
And you guys were wondering.
Well, you like to start with?
Well, I need to get everything done.
Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing.
Okay, we don't do that.
No.
Could you do breast implants though?
Uh, I can't be done.
I'm going to put the lotion in the basket.
Uh-huh.
How much?
Uh, 5,000.
Excellent.
I'd like to have my skin resurfaced too.
Uh-huh.
Laser surgery.
Uh-huh.
Have the lamb stop crying yet, mommy?
Excuse me?
Don't hurt mommy's little baby.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV.
Okay.
Can you make me look more like a woman?
Well, we'll have to see you first.
And then if I'm looking at you, we can tell you that when we see you.
Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts, mommy?
Uh, if you'd like to.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Would you like to make an appointment?
Yes.
Okay.
Um, there is a $100 consultation fee.
That's fine.
Okay.
Okay.
Um, my name is Buffalo Bill.
Okay, let me give you a little information from you.
Mommy.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Do you want to come in for a consultation for a life?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Okay.
Would you like to make an appointment?
Or do you want to call me back?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand.
I got my skin suit and you're probably like, uh, uh.
Bill.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand that.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Would you like to make an appointment?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Okay.
I will talk to you in the time, okay?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Hello.
So what's the point?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Okay.
141 at 560 WQM.
We got three minutes to go into lead big Marlon game.
I can't wait myself.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Yes, hello.
How you doing?
Okay, sir.
Uh, my light didn't know why you think O.J.
Something is guilty.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
What the hell was that?
A moron.
What's with your last few colleges?
People were out of...
Yeah, well, what do you got, pal?
Let's, uh, not be so quick to judge.
Well, why for?
Where for you, sir?
Yeah.
Roy!
He's an asshole.
Well, we know that.
Okay.
Thanks for the good news.
And this guy's talking about the other colleges.
This guy's got a bulletin for us.
Like we don't already know about...
Roy!
He just can't help himself.
Because he's hit that jock thing.
Maybe once they once shared the same jockstrap.
Maybe that's what it was.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
I've heard I've talked to you before about the kids in Columbine.
Can you hear me now?
Yeah.
Okay.
I think that something that's been neglected throughout all of this discussion about gun control and everything else like that,
is the fact that a good likelihood that a lot of this is a huge cry for attention to get to become, you know, national celebrities.
Oh, yeah.
You know what I'd say?
That's your bullcrap.
Well, I mean, you know, when...
Bullcrap.
Total lack of respect for human life.
Total disobedience.
Total...
Not a cry for attention.
We don't need more psychiatrists or we need more mental institutions to put the mentally ill away.
That's what we need.
Like I said the other day, and I've been saying for two weeks now,
to separate the weak from the chat, to take the dangerous people away from the not dangerous people.
That's all we ask, okay?
Take the dangerous people, identify them, put them away where they can't harm anybody else.
Make sure they don't keep getting out over and over again like Ted Bundy and Albert DeSalvo.
We'll keep breaking out of jail every ten minutes.
Because, you know, that is the other thing about our great criminal justice system.
When we do catch somebody who's a threat to society, who's a deranged killer,
we just, for some reason, we let them like walk out the window like Ted Bundy.
Or then climb through the ceiling and break out a second time like Ted Bundy or Albert DeSalvo.
That's America for you, baby.
But hey, we're more worried about important things, you know, like OJ.
That's what we're worried about.
About crap.
Because America is preoccupied with pure unadulterated, unfiltered crap.
That's right.
But at any rate, you've got all these amateur psychologists out there.
Oh, yeah, these kids are crying for attention.
They're yet right.
I got some attention for them.
There you go.
That'll get them attention real quick.
Put them on the front page of the goddamn newspaper.
Here's another one.
Don't you a horse, crap?
We don't need any more amateur psychology.
What we need is a goddamn discipline and some real law enforcement in this country.
And not worried about filling up all the jail cells with people smoking a little bit of weed.
Oh, it's that wicked weed.
That's the problem, baby.
That wicked weed, yeah.
Speaking of wicked, boy, we got something wicked coming up.
Well, beside that.
Beside that, it kind of smells like that.
That's right.
It's the Marlins.
You can almost smell it now.
That aroma that stents you from the commoner.
From Wrigley Field in Chicago, baby, we got the booster.
We got David Bryan and Joe Angel and Marlins in the Cubs.
They're red hot.
They're smoking.
They won two in a row on the road.
Any interest out there?
No.
Anybody excited?
No.
Marlins baseball, baby.
No.
Are they into it?
No.
No.
You want it?
No.
You're going to get it anyway.
That's what our friend Roy is telling us.
The Field Roger Show on 560 WQAM.
