5.670560 toll free for date and rarer or pound 560 on yourself a ramp
singers
feasibility
5.60
What the freaking crap does Roman prize
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
I'm a good guy.
You have.
You have.
It's a good guy.
Let me win.
I'm a good Guy, run a little.
I have!
I'm a good Guy, run a little.
I well know all the people around me who were dating
and I feel like they would need a lot of money.
My fourth slot since I have got a lot of money.
You have you been the first place out there with me over the years.
It's 10.02 at 5.60 WQM, happy Tuesday to you.
God, I feel better today.
I got a little bit of sleep.
And I fought off that cold.
Nice going, by the way, for an old fart.
I was sure I was going to get the sore throat
and all that stuff that goes along with it.
Then I thought to myself, you know,
Tuesday's the 10th, which is payday.
And that big bonus check ought to be in there.
Better be in there, might be in there.
I wouldn't be surprised if right now,
somebody in this building is running up and down.
I got to tell you a great story
before we do anything here today.
This is the epitome of the Beasley people.
I don't want to tell you who told me this
because he needs the job, needs work badly.
But so one of our people here in the building
went to office depot to get a few supplies.
Few office supplies, you know, a couple of yellow pads.
So maybe George can write down all those things,
you know, for the phone company,
and whatever else goes on in this joint.
And among the pad, the things that he bought
was a mouse pad, a mouse pad for $1.58.
I'm not making this story up by the way.
These are the Beasley people over there in Naples
with all of that money that they got from K-Earth
and the Web to Hellay, Sold and LA.
All these millions and millions and millions
that they're paying to John Henry and Wayne Hypnka
that nobody around here can get.
Which is why people continue getting paid
whenever they feel like it.
And that guy is probably committed suicide already
up there and been more New Jersey.
The guy from the Phillies Marlin series,
like way back in April, whatever the hell it was.
So anyway, the guy brings back the receipt.
He is bought among all these other things, you know,
pencils and whatever.
He is bought a mouse pad for $1.58.
The water nut for you, of course,
runs this place with an iron fist,
takes a look at the invoice and says,
don't ever do that again.
We got lots of those about here.
Don't ever do that again.
A mouse pad for $1.58.
Now, of course, if we didn't know me,
to talk to our good friend Joe Resoli at Roth Office,
apply Joe would have been glad to sit over a bunch of mouse pads.
I'm sure absolutely free.
Am I right?
Absolutely correct.
So we're going to say the beastlies of $1.58.
This is not a story that I manufacture.
This is Neo just going a little bit over the, you know,
exaggerating to try to embellish it and make it sound like they're cheaper
than they really are.
In fact, somebody else in a building was telling me this morning
that many is at time,
and the period of time that he's been working here,
that on payday, they'll give him the check early,
like, you know, $10.30 in the morning,
another clock, what they'll say,
don't cash it till after two.
Don't take it to the bank till after two o'clock.
How many times have I told that?
I've said that a million times,
and people in the audience are like,
oh yeah, that nearly so funny,
he makes up these great stories.
Cheap.
How can you operate a multi-million dollar operation?
And not be able to buy a mouse pad for $1.50.
Don't ever do that again.
Like Brad, over at Tony said to JP,
don't ever give an order like that again.
That's right.
Unbelievable, baby, but only in his joint.
So I have that check coming near him.
I bet you're sitting there somewhere.
They're working on it.
And see, they liked the fact that I can't get out of here
to life due to because I can't get to the bank till two.
Maybe I'll just have a courier from now on.
I'll bring a courier with me,
and he'll shut to the bank,
and deposit it like right at $10.15.
Just to make a meal perinoid.
Oh, it's no good.
It's no...
Oh, man.
Now, what hell is this?
Another gem from Mike Mayo.
Shock waves.
The Marlins haven't drawn flies.
What is it he's saying?
Hernandez, parts your...
I don't get this.
It's something about a Michael Mayo column,
and his columns are a joke.
He had a column yesterday
when he was trying to say something about this stadium issue.
Didn't say anything.
All over the place.
Kind of like B-Full.
I mean, yes, no, and maybe...
Equivicating.
And I still don't understand some of the stuff that's going on
in this radio station.
Just like in Greg Cotex's Idiotic column,
this man had no column at all today.
You can always tell him on the sports writers
got no column, and he does these like bullet points, you know?
These little...
Oh, yeah.
All these random thoughts.
That means he's got no column.
Nothing to say.
And the only one that's even mildly interesting,
and very annoying and nauseating and totally unacceptable,
is he says,
of John Henry VI preferred sites for his new Marlins ballpark.
I'd prefer the one in A.B. Vitalized downtown Fort Lauderdale.
He says that was a straight push.
And that's it.
When you know something Greg,
nobody gives a rat's ass which one you'd prefer,
and the point is, again,
not which one does anybody prefer,
but are we going to give the taxpayer's money to do it?
No, no, that's the issue.
And like I started to say,
I don't understand some of the people on this radio station
on the one hand,
oh no, this isn't going to happen.
There's no way the publisher built money for Bill Stain for billionaires.
And on the other hand,
well, which one do you like?
I kind of think it's a good idea to put it over here,
like in your...
Correct.
You know, that would give this spot for it.
I mean, I realize it's still,
I mean, even though we're edging toward that football business
and they even had an exhibition this game on last night,
did I watch that game?
No.
Cleveland Brown.
Isn't it amazing they can take people,
put them in a uniform and say,
okay, like Mandrake the Magician with a Magic Wand.
Proof, now you're the Cleveland Browns, you know?
Same uniform, same city, same colors on uniforms.
Does anybody know who these guys are?
No.
Of course not.
But we reinvented the Cleveland Browns.
But at least we're starting to edge toward that,
so maybe there's a little bit of something to talk about,
although it's terminally boring for the sports people,
but nevertheless.
So let's talk a China with that stadium thing.
In fact, I got the greatest facts, which I'm going to read,
from Esther.
Leave it to a woman.
Leave it to a lady, a real lady, Esther and Davy.
And then of course Fred Grimm, you know something I got a hand at.
Fred Grimm, and that's who Ryzeger.
We've actually had a couple of columns in the local newspapers,
even in the hero of lately that made some sense.
How about Carl Heiss and let's tip our hat to Carl Heiss
and for the great column that he wrote,
the Sunday before the election,
when everybody said,
no.
That God, the Anthony Sails Tax.
Nice calling, Carl.
Now you can go back to writing about the Manatees,
the coast is clear.
We'll let you know when to write another serious column,
and a few months when this tax thing comes on about the stadium.
So Fred Grimm writes a great column,
take him out of the ballpark about me,
or Harry Penis, a Venus from Lamarys.
I mean, from Davy.
And it's a great column.
I'm going to give that to Mayor.
Leave it to Harry Penis.
There is a guy who's got some balls.
When John Henry listed that as one of the, well,
you'd expect, he listed him as one of the places
where they wanted to build a stadium.
He immediately said, no, thank you.
Build it someplace else if you're going to build it,
not out here.
We like the woods and the trees,
and we like to roll stuff out here.
We don't want any part of your goddamn stadium here in Davy.
Nice calling, Mayor Penis.
All right.
So we got that stuff.
We got all kinds of crap here today.
And of course, I'll be really confused
about talking about it as soon as that check comes in.
The old Rogers is my lever.
Well, congratulations.
Get a like.
And I think it's going to be a long, long time.
Before my bike will only once in time.
And I've only done for a long, long time.
No, no, no.
Longest of people.
Yes, he's my man.
Yes, he's my man.
Or somewhere on my path, don't go.
I don't think it's going to let me walk.
I'm going to walk.
Well, let's take a look at a collection here today for Miss Alden.
He's got some very heavy duty shopping to do all
on Versaunchi stuff.
1013-560-WDQM.
So here's a great fact.
This is a great way to start the morning.
Thank you, Estah.
Like I said, leave it to a lady to put her thumb on it.
Dear Mr. Rogers,
I listened to your program that Able was unable to call.
Thank you for trying to shake people up on it.
It is so very necessary.
You're right, Esther.
When did doubt shake them out?
I've written a letter to the editor of the SunCentral.
It probably won't be printed, but it goes like this.
Bring the ballpark to Broward.
I think not.
Why do the Marlins need a new stadium when they can't put
behind the seats now?
Mr. Henry statement about what baseball means to families
and communities is nonsense.
Baseball doesn't mean anything to families and communities
except for another silly way to spend our tax dollars and the tax dollars
at tourist that could be spent on more appropriate things,
on all these things.
I guarantee you that no one will suffer if baseball isn't played in South Florida.
You editorial states that things fell apart for the Marlins largely for lack of a suitable stadium.
The Marlins fell apart one way, high-pinga,
bought his championship season, then raped the team of its value and the fan to their spirit.
Yes, borrowed leaders need to run, but not from the negotiating table.
They need to run away from John Henry and his very, very expensive grand vision.
It's only a $400 million dollar stadium that's all he wants.
I must be crazy. I must be nuts.
You also said that John Henry has made a dramatic financial concession by stating that he only wants to break even.
Well, if Mr. Henry wants to really make a dramatic financial concession,
let him dig deep into his own pockets and into his deep, deep pockets, not ours.
I must be crazy. I must be nuts.
Nice going, Esther.
Well said. Couldn't have said it better myself right on target.
Let this billionaire stick his fingers all the way down there and probably come up empty.
Probably nothing in there.
With his 165-foot yacht that he did all around in Juneau,
will ask about Rome as brooding.
And he had a big promotion yesterday.
Oh, come on to see Leibon.
Leibon is back.
Yeah.
And yeah, I turned it on just in time to see them hit the homework and they tied it and the scene celebrating
and then I'm turning after the win a meaningless game.
But Leibon and the meantime had him nailed, had him shut out there for seven innings.
And you know something that anybody here?
No. Not a bit.
There weren't 10,000 in sum again was the list of the tendons.
If there were 10,000 people in there, my name is John Foster Dulles, okay?
My name is Abacrabian Bitch.
10,000 people, my ass.
Maybe there was like 4,500 people in there at the max.
And then when they finally tied the game up there and he ate dinner with a grand slam home run,
all of a sudden you take a look around the ballpark, there may be 1,500,
maybe 15 people, not 1,500.
There was nobody there.
It was a ghost town.
And that's because they don't have a suitable stadium.
Right.
You know, I'm going to tell you something.
It just amazes me and especially to watch the irresponsible bastions in the newspapers in this town
who keep writing these grotesque, crazy editor of, they must be,
there must be something in a water with the Erlund Suncindle that can't be that stupid, could they?
Oh Jesus.
Talk about irresponsible.
Oh yes, it means so much to the quality of life.
I would like to know, please tell me, please somebody,
tell me how the quality of life has changed in the last seven years
from the way it was before we had major league baseball in South Florida to the way it is now.
I would like somebody to inform me how the quality of life has changed.
In fact, here's an even better way to phrase it.
Is it safer?
Is it better?
Is it improved now?
Better than it was seven years ago to live here?
No.
No.
I don't think so.
Oh, and by the way, since that election, couple of weeks ago,
are people still able to drive out there?
Yeah.
Are they having nervous breakdowns at the toll plazas?
No.
No.
Everything's back the way it was.
And somehow people were fumbling our way through.
Not driving too well.
How about those things about those kids in that crash?
The more you read about that, the more you get the more you want to get in your hands and ease and puke your guts out.
But it isn't just the kids.
So many of these people down here, irresponsible people behind 2,000-pound weapons.
Crazy people.
I'm coming to work again this morning.
I could write a book just about my trip to work in home every day.
Seriously, I could write a book as big as war and pieces.
Because every single day, there are a bunch of you idiots out there.
You haven't got any idea what you're doing.
You come from around the stadium there on Ives Dairy Road.
You head east here toward where we are.
And as you're getting under the overpass there, which number one is always a cop's there with radar guns.
And number two, the speed limit is there is 35.
And number three, you're approaching a school zone and just a few yards beyond that.
And you start slowing down right where these imbosos behind you come barreling up on your ass.
And like, what's wrong with you, man?
What are you going so slow for?
Idiots.
Lunatics of all age-ers, shapes, descriptions, races, black, purple, yellow, white, imbososos.
And then you get to the school zone where it says there, you know, 15 miles an hour in the big flashing yellow lights.
Like, slow down, you ask, hold there's a bunch of little kids crossing the street ahead.
And you hit the brake to slow it out of 15.
That's like, it's a miracle they don't run your ass right over.
You're looking at that review mirror just praying that this imbososos behind you gets coming to its senses.
And they're right up on your goddamn ass.
Right on your...
Back to...
Yeah.
Crazy people.
I think it's about time that we just started clearing the road from the crazy people and then we wouldn't have to build new roads and more tools and all that.
Just get the irresponsible assholes off the road down here.
I would say if every 10 people driving out there right now as I'm speaking, at least three of them should be scraped right off the road.
And probably someday we'll have to be, or somebody will be because of them, because of their total inability to get with it.
Crazy people.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hey, and here's a morning, I don't know.
Yes, there. When is this?
Yes.
Last night I went to the Marlin game because my son loves baseball.
Yeah.
Totally in attendance, I have to say at least 4,700.
4,700.
And probably had time to count the whole all ahead.
I know.
And the other thing is, I think John Henry, I mean she get on his knees and blow Howard's turn because that apple of the know what he's doing.
Yeah.
He's wasting it on my crazy. I must be nuts.
That's what I'm saying exactly.
Yeah.
I'll have to move out Goldstein out of the way first.
I know. And let me tell you one more thing about the crazy drivers.
Oh man, you're totally right. There are a bunch of assholes.
Okay, thank you. Thank you for your very profound call. Did he have anything to say?
No.
But hey, listen, he had nothing to say.
So obviously that's why he took his kid out of the ballgame last night. They have no life.
That's right.
Hey, leave on, baby. Come out and see leave on. He's taken to the other guy.
I must be crazy. I must be nuts.
In fact, I got an idea.
Why don't we just have like an exhibitionist game, all the players that they've traded away since the championship season a couple of years ago.
We'll just make a team like an all-star X-Varland team.
Come out and see all these guys. Remember how good they used to be, huh? While they're all back.
Anybody care? Any interest? Nobody going to show up? No.
They're not going to show up anyway.
Nice going Esther. Right on, sweetheart. You go, girlfriend.
Boy, there are a few things in life that I hate worse than people who say, you go, girlfriend.
I think that bitch Oprah started that crap. Well, it just makes my blood boil.
I want to hear some asshole come up with a crap. No matter how idiotic it is, all you got to do is start some stupid and say, oh, it's real hip and real cool to talk like this.
And all of a sudden, 10 million people are repeating it because they want to be real hip and real cool.
As a matter of fact, speaking of that, and I'm ripping a hell out of Jordan, now he's in North Carolina.
He's on vacation. That could rip him while he's here, but he wouldn't be listening anyway.
Now, he's busy writing down his stuff on his yellow pads and reading a city link and screw magazine.
But after the ratings came out, we had to, and by the way, Tom Jicca, I hate to break the news to you, but since you were got another rating book came out, I know we don't want to push you too much.
Not to mention that FCC story, but they're busy. They don't have time for us. We're small potatoes.
So the day the book comes out, so Greg Reed comes in there and he's got, he's all excited and bubbling around.
And he and George, they're talking about the number. We had a 10.8 and men, whatever.
And they do the, I don't even know what you call it. The high five with a fist. Is there a name for that?
Now, we could call it fisting, but I think that's something else.
We don't want to call it fisting because that's grotesque. It's a family show run in the middle of the day.
A lot of little kids are out there impressionable kids. We don't want to turn them on due.
Brackdom fisting, okay, because that's from what I understand. From the rumor mill all the way up to your elbow.
That's something all the way up to your armpit. That's something entirely different. Fisting.
Brackdom. So they don't even have a name. It's just, you've got to be real hip and real cool and do the high five with a fist now.
See, even you don't have a, Mr. Cool 19 years old, you don't have a name for it. Yes. I think it's called Giving Dap.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello.
Hey, how you doing? Okay, sir.
I just got my arm. Actually, I call it to be the next Auburn Trump book. So I want to make sure...
All right. Here's the guy that we like so much. We love this guy and his whole family and all his relatives and everybody he knows and his dog.
We're going to a dog, but we'll try and listen to you instead of Dr. Laura. So Ron Broder doesn't get to wound up again.
Please.
But on John Henry, they complain about all this. The every billionaire asks for money.
And then they're going to scream about how Miami broke. We need a penny sale tax.
Yeah. And these guys, at the same editor of the plumber, will sit there and talk about a penny sale tax and not realize that it's kind of screwy to give somebody who has a billion dollars in the bank.
$400 million for a private business.
Amen.
Anyway, I got to go. A lot of material. Just remember, pal. No.
Is the word. Thank you.
That's right. Bring the ballpark to bring the ballpark to Broward. That's what the Sun Sentinel said yesterday. Bring it in, baby.
Hammer out a deal of tax bills and support. We only want to pay for 80% of that $400 million. And the answer is no. No.
A thousand times. No, it's not place in our time on this radio station. You idiot. It's talking about, oh, I like this site the best. And I like over here with you.
But stick it in your left. This site we like the best. Okay. Because this John Henry guy talk about football.
I must be crazy. I must be nuts. Yeah. You're a lunatic, man. Another one of these sprawl billionaires. Oh, gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme. Okay. Because I got some real great for you.
Oh, but I'll do it myself if you insist. But it'll be real crappy. And we won't have any team. I mean, talk about slapping people in the face.
Always with a threat. That's what the sports people love to do. Always threatening the public. Oh, well, if you work to it for me, you know, I guess I'll have to live up to my word, do it myself.
But it'll be real crappy. It'll only hold about 15 people. And of course, that's all I have to hold because nobody else would show up anyway.
Dear stupid guy, damn ballpark.
Man, just it's just, I mean, since the thing that we have people with this kind of money who think that we somehow owe them.
And just like the newspapers believe we somehow owe them to build them a play toy.
So they can have some fun like Greg Reed. That's what this radio station is. This radio station is a play toy for Greg Reed. That's all it is.
That's why they can't go out and buy a mouse pad without getting bitched out by the water.
Not see? Because we have to pay all these broadcast rights fees to the mall and then the dolphins and the panthers and other raccoons.
We're up to our eyebrows and broadcast rights fees here. Otherwise, we would make more money than God in this joint.
But we don't care really about making more money than God. The bees ladies do, but they're confused because it's really a play toy for Greg Reed and his sports ego so we can run around going like he's a big shot.
Mr. Hotshot, we describe sky boxes.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on a mobile one line. Where's that set by the way, Greg?
Here's a mobile in the North Miami Beach. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you today? Great.
Hey, no, I just conduct vacation driving vacation. Yeah, you talk about driving fast. I was doing it and they're going to buy me like I'm standing still.
Yeah, they're crazy. And about this, we say him. I think we taxpayers should pick up one down or that thing. Not a penny, man.
Because these people have too damn much money. I think I'm going to collect you to buy all the sandwiches for their bus trip out of town when they leave.
Yes, they should do it. If somebody wants to pay for it, let them pay for it, but not us. Okay, God bless you. Just say no. Just say no. Nancy Reagan 20 years ago.
Just say no. It's an easy word. Even I can spell it. And that's right. No.
And you know something I could say to you and bang on this for the night for weeks and there will not be one person out there in the audience.
This is my challenge. I'm laying down here right now and you won't be able to do it.
To tell me how I haven't made you league baseball and enhances the quality of life in this community.
That is the most ridiculous line. It is the silliest goddamn bunch of horse crap.
Oh, it's an affair of the heart. Yeah, right.
Baseball means the families and communities are very close partnership between the team and its public benefactors.
Like I said before, if you want to have a relationship between the team and the public benefactors, how about this?
Let the people who go to the ball game, put about a $15 ticket tax on the tickets and let the people who want to go to those stupid ball games.
Let them build the stadium. The rest of us aren't going to go and we don't want to pay for it.
And if I did want to go, I'd get my tickets free anyway. And I still don't go and won't go.
It's pathetic. You know, you take you take a pile of dog manure and you put it on a table and you put it on a plate and you put some parsley around the edges.
And say, oh, here's a great steak. Here's a gourmet meal.
Fido will be pleased if you enjoy this.
And the people are finally starting to sniff it. Oh, I don't think so.
No, that smells really strange to me. I think El Paso this time. Yeah.
God, what are they thinking about?
I must be crazy. I must be nuts. I have my nose up meals asked.
There's a new movie called American Pie.
Bought for a group of teenage group of silly sex or their lives.
They make up that to play either so long me. It's 90 minutes of absurdity.
Pre-tube best in shots of chestnutity. I must be crazy.
The little band camp girl with her magic flute.
The hot jet girl with her birthday suit. Bottom up to birth. The beard goes down the shoe.
How's your mom doing?
I'm the chorus girl. Will it work? All things look like such a jerk. Jim grabs the apple pie.
And goes berserrrr.
Fortfort.
It is one roasting after another.
We do use these biflers, mother. She makes binky grin.
She's this missus from this band.
I can't believe it's all three.
It's 95.
I'm saying it's 95.
It's 95.
It's 95.
It's 95.
It's 95.
It's 95.
It's 95.
It's 95.
It's 95.
I'll tell you how to give those dolphins away.
I'll have a whole room buried in the sea of editorials here before the year is out.
Yesterday is sunset.
I'll get the violin.
I'll get the violin.
I'll get the violin.
I'll get the violin.
I'll get the violin.
I'll get the violin.
I'll get the violin.
I'll get the violin.
I'll get the violin.
It says these benefits include economic development, urban revitalization, and national exposure that comes with being the home of a competitive major league baseball team.
Now stop and think of that present stadium up there.
That's sitting there right off the turnpike.
Economic redevelopment, urban revitalization, all of these things, all of the shopping centers around that stadium, all of the new housing developments, all of those things there.
No.
Those things are going to happen over there by P.P. Park.
Pie in the fricking sky is what you're talking about.
You're in a dream world.
Just like the Miami arena that's sitting there right now, meaningless, useless, just sitting there, four blocks away from the American Airlines, Mickey Eris and Miami-Herald Arena.
Four blocks away.
Mayor Pinga put his name on it too.
In fact, they should put his name on it.
Statue him right out in front so the pigeons can do a number on the 24 hours a day.
God.
Four blocks away and here sits this white elephant sitting there.
And what are we going to do with that, huh?
Another guy did.
Well thought out piece of crap.
And that sure is how, look at the economic redevelopment in that area.
Oh, it's beautiful there.
Let's take the show on remote and go and sit out there further, Miami arena right now.
Let's do it.
In fact, let's have the people on at night.
Let's have Eddie Kay go down there at night.
You want to go down or Eddie?
No.
He's always doing the show out there in remote right in front of Miami arena.
No security.
No crowds because there's nothing going on.
You want to sit you up on a little table there right in front of the arena.
How's that sound?
No.
No, I don't think so.
Economic redevelopment, urban revitalization and a homeless people and all the problems and all the scumbags will go away.
And yada yada yada yada.
Promises and promises and promises.
You people of the Sun Sentinel are irresponsible.
I wish I pray.
And like I said the other day, if you're so gun-whole about it, since you own a Chicago Cubs,
the Chicago Tribune, which is the parent company of the Sun Sentinel, then you'll put up the goddamn money.
You put up 200 million.
John Henry puts up 200 million.
It can be the Sun Sentinel Stadium or whatever you want to call it.
And you can still both stick it in your account.
That's right.
There are always pedal and us a bill of goods telling us what we're going to spend our money on, the taxpayers.
And I think they're in for a real surprise.
No.
Like I said, Mayor penis over there in Davie.
He told them though.
Fred Grimm, great columnist morning.
Fred, take him out of the ballpark.
When the Marlins announced they had selected 130 acre parcel in Davie,
his one of six favorite sites for a new $400 million baseball stadium complex.
The mayor was blunt.
He didn't equivocate.
He didn't emit slide signals that he was looking for a deal sweetener.
He just said, there you go, plain and simple.
That was getting real popular around here.
It's long overdue, but better late than ever.
Nor did penis wait until he could measure political reaction in Davie
or suggest that with little fiscal grease and some nice incentives from the Marlins,
he could jam this through City Hall or jam it up somebody's.
Exactly.
It says penis after all probably has got enough political muscle in Davie
to have to even a baseball stadium.
But nevertheless, he said no.
He likes to talk about the trees out there by I-75 and Griffin Road.
Keep it back with the horses and the trees and a little bit of nature
and not destroy it with a bunch of crap.
So that some billionaire can make more money or maybe even break even.
He only wants to break even and you know something the answer is still.
Oh yeah.
These tremendous dramatic financial concessions he's made.
Who are you people bull-crabbing?
I wouldn't wipe my ass with this newspaper.
See one thing about the Herrel-Ena-Sun sent on me as much as we hate to hear of
neither one of them is worth a crap.
Neither one of them is worth a real penny.
Garbage, swill.
Dramatic financial concessions.
He only wants to break even.
It's just a thing.
He just wants these so anxious to do this for the community.
Right.
All these benevolent wonderful benefactors that come by us.
Just like Wayne, Sandy Claus.
Remember those days back in the beginning?
Wayne, he brought us baseball, he brought us hockey, he's a great guy.
Hey, it's Santa Claus and all of a sudden he tuned about it to be a real prick.
A real piece of crap.
Anybody remember Blockbuster Park?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Blockbuster Park, that was another lie.
See we wouldn't be going through this right now if Wayne wouldn't have been a frickin' liar.
And I remember that day he came out with his press conference and the tears and his eyes.
Although he was divesting himself of all his blockbuster stock.
Forgot only knows how many billion dollars.
And via Comma, whoever the hell it was, came in and bought a blockbuster.
So guess what?
There is no more blockbuster park.
So there is no baseball stadium.
There is no more of his empty promises.
Because one thing about these people that's consistently true is they will promise you anything to suck you in to go in along with what they want.
And then after they get what they want, you're on your own.
Just like Mickey Eerson and all the money it's going to cost you suckers in the aid county.
That got sucked into voting for that by Mayor Penga with his lies.
So if you're forward to vote no, if you're against it, vote yes.
Whatever the hell it was.
And like I said, wait till you see the vote on the stadium thing.
Because every vote will be counted as a yes.
If you vote no, it will be yes.
If you vote yes, it will be yes.
That's the only way they're going to get it through.
Oh, look at this.
A hundred percent of people want it.
Ninety percent of people voted no.
That means they like it.
And ten percent voted yes.
That means a hundred percent of people want the stadium.
That's what they're going to do.
That's only they can do down here.
I'm still waiting for all these people to call me to tell me about how the quality of life in this community is so upgraded by having a lot of people.
And I'm going to have a major league baseball.
It doesn't mean squat.
There is no interest.
None.
Zero.
Zippity.
Duda.
It's got to put us on a mat.
Yeah, really put us on a mat.
It's going to make all that crime go away.
All that banana boat.
Thank you, Miriam.
God bless you, sweetheart.
My favorite person in the world, my mom loved my check.
Now I can go home.
Give me 50 dollars.
And you know something.
Probably says on the envelope there.
Don't go to the bank with this to left it to a clock.
Don't even think about it.
Don't even try to deposit this.
In fact, hold it till September.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
I mean, after all this is your sports station.
We got another stupid Marlon game tonight with a giant.
In fact, tomorrow we get preempted again.
Tomorrow we get out of here at 12.30 in this time.
Since there's no election tomorrow.
Yeah.
We get out of here 12.30 tomorrow for the pregame.
Because there's a Marlon Giants game tomorrow at 1.
How do you like that?
You weren't even aware of that, were you?
How do you like them apples?
I like it.
Lunch is early tomorrow, Ma.
Because we get out here at 12.30 for another stupid game that nobody cares about.
And nobody will be listening to.
4,500 people maybe their last night.
And we should spend $400 million.
80% of what should be public money so that we can continue doing this crap.
Professional sports is becoming a cancer.
Like Hank said the other day, he loves the people of Los Angeles because they said,
take your guy to the football and stick away to Mondo and shine.
We can live very well without it.
We'd rather sit here and watch him on TV for free, watch three games every Sunday,
and you can take your Rams and Rams.
See you in St. Louis, Louis or whatever, however that song goes.
And you know something?
I guess Los Angeles has probably fallen off the map.
Haven't they since they lost a professional football?
How they surviving?
I must be crazy.
I must be nuts.
It's new and it's dead burger game.
Godfather Trilogy Action Figures.
They're fun for the whole family.
Collect all 10 knob action figures with each whopper fries and superlives drink.
And that a superlives drink.
No exception.
Get Sonny in his favorite garbage can.
So you can beat the crap out of Carlo after he punches out Sonny's sister.
Or get the bullet riddled body of Sonny after he gets it at the Jersey toll booth.
Wow, is it that great?
Impress all your friends with the Don himself.
I'll make him an offer.
He can't refuse.
So start organizing your neighborhood now and get the Godfather Action Figures.
Remember, it's only business and it's a burger game.
$10.45 and $5.60 WQM.
You see there's a little premature evaluation on that check business.
Was there a bonus in my check here?
No.
No, that was due yesterday, but I figured, well, tomorrow's payday.
They'll just lump it in there with a paycheck.
Did they do that?
No.
So once again, and you see, this is why some of us, me, I can't speak for anybody else.
But some people here ought to be going nuts about this business with Greg Readin and sports fetish
so that we can make people like John Henry put more millions and millions of dollars in their pockets
for the right, for the privilege to broadcast sports that nobody cares about.
Nobody's even going.
Much less anybody listening.
But because we have to put all the money in his pocket and Wayne's pocket for the dolphins and the panties,
answer me so that's why people in this building are told, don't cash your check the life to two o'clock
and that's why people are told, oh, don't ever do that again and buy a mousepad for $1.58.
Are you out of your mind?
Even my mother.
Well, I take that back.
Yeah, she would be proud.
She'd like that.
That's her style.
She'd be going, she'd be high-fiving.
She'd be fisting.
Yeah.
Unbelievable.
You sit here, you know, you expect, you expect to get paid in the timely fashion.
This is the way it's in the contract.
This is the way we do it.
I've been here for 20 months now.
And you know, you plan your life.
You plan things you're going to do based on when you expect to have the money in your hands.
Not when you work for the Beasley Mead Corporation, which Greg Readin with a straight look on his face tells me,
oh, this is a great company.
Yeah, right.
Maniac.
Just pay people when they're supposed to get paid.
Then worry about those billionaires, okay?
We don't have any sports going on in this show.
And in the meantime, we're making a money handover over our lymph fist.
Still can't get paid because they just can't scrape the cash together.
They've got to give it to John Henry and Wayne.
Here's the facts from Cody that says,
here's proof that this town is a joke.
Can anyone name a city that's got four sports teams in it?
That would have each team playing in their own building?
Plus one extra building left over that nobody's playing in.
So think what it would be like if the Marlins got there.
That's right.
Then you'd have the baseball stadium for the Marlins.
You'd have PP Park for the dolphins.
You'd have American Airlines or Boone for the Heat.
You'd have the Yanta Center for the Panthers.
Then you got the one sitting over there at the Miami Arena that nobody's playing in.
Chicago.
The Bulls have the own.
Yeah, that's right.
Socks to the pub.
Chicago is a real sports town.
And by the way, I don't think that people in Chicago pay tax money to build any of those buildings.
I could be wrong, but I don't think so.
But be that as it may.
56670560, 0560 on the mobile one line.
You watch by today they'll have a soul.
Look at all these real, dynamitable baseball fans will call in and sell all of us.
You watch.
They're going to have a soul about the great contribution they'll make to this community and to enrich your lives.
Here's the mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I love sports, but if the Panthers, if the Heat, if the dolphins, if the Marlin, if the Fusion,
all of them left tomorrow and went out of town, it would not affect my life in one Iota.
Oh my God.
If we didn't have sports at all here and build all these goddamn arena, just think what we should do with the schools and the library and over and proving the overall.
And then the roads that the mayor was just screaming about.
Without Metro Rail.
Uh-huh.
But we won't go into that.
But you know, you don't need all of this stuff.
You don't need all of this stuff.
You know, I like baseball, which is definitely not the Marlins.
And, you know, if none of this was here fine and like I said, they could turn around and improve this area and make this place a paradise.
Okay, sir.
God bless you.
Okay. Hey, Neil, in closing, did you hear that spot there having one Jeremy live at an adult club?
Yeah.
Talk about watching the first.
Okay, have a great day, pal.
Like I said, or it's almost lunch time. We don't want to hear about Ron Jeremy.
Fine, I see. I don't understand that.
I can't imagine. I don't want to see Ron Jeremy with his clothes on.
Much less with his clothes off.
I don't understand why anybody, man, woman, anything, elephants, why anything would want to see Ron Jeremy naked much less performing any kind of an act.
Even even eating lunch, I don't want to see him.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60. It looks to me like he hasn't missed many. Him and his buddy, L.
Here's Hollywood. Hello.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
It makes me wonder what kind of guys with arrogance and the ego that guys like Aaron's and Henry and Mike.
I like crazy guys.
I don't know what the hell happens to these guys.
I can't imagine hanging out.
I'm kind of a monkey-seeing monkey dude.
Yeah, it's like a...
They see that Wayne got his way.
And the Broward people right away came up and concocted this scheme to come up with a mind to build him in arena.
And then they managed this bogus election in the big county.
And they got that thing built for Mickey's, let the Mickey to the voters in the day.
And so it just snowballed.
It's like an out of control thing.
And now everybody who's got a rollerblade team right away, let's build a stadium or a arena or something.
Yeah, the arrogance.
And you can imagine hanging out with these three guys.
What a sham that would be.
Yeah.
I like that.
Yeah, really.
I'm trying to coordinate my retirement here with your retirement so I can get the hell out of this place.
Good luck to one.
I imagine after you would be like around here.
Okay, thanks.
Have a great day.
Yeah, in fact, this bonus check, you know, if I don't get these bonus checks, don't start you off every time.
And they have to be hastened real fast.
I may have to go over there and work with Castor and over a clear channel.
I mean, no, seriously.
What kind of places is it that you work for when you expect to get paid on a certain day?
I've been through this before and I realize I get paid a lot of money.
I'm not missing any meals.
But it's not the point.
It's a matter of principle.
When you do business, you do business like a businessman, Greg, who returns people's phone calls,
who pays the bills on time, who pays his heart, who's a help that shows up here being God's damn day.
You pay people when they're supposed to get paid.
There doesn't have to be any discussion about it.
It should be as automatic as taking a crap.
But it's basically kind of a constipated crap when you work for this outfit.
Because whenever they get around with it, there's always got to be a little bit of conversation.
It just doesn't automatically show up in your hand and the money either.
And I resent it and I find it nauseating and totally unacceptable and bush league.
Almost as unacceptable as having the Todd Dreck doing his burn and loot and trash of your accounts routine that he's doing.
There's Joe Costello.
I bet he's got my bonus check, doesn't he?
No.
No. Not in there.
How do you like that?
Do yesterday, technically, according to my contract, in writing, do yesterday by yesterday.
I'm not going to be a prick. I'm not going to worry about that.
It'll be in there on Tuesday because it's the test of the month.
That's when my paycheck comes. Is it in there?
No.
No.
As the beat goes on with Greg Reed and the beastlies, and it's always but a beat, but a little bit of the soft shuffle and an excuse.
How can a company not be able to afford a dollar 58 for a mousepad that offers Depot?
That's what I want to know.
And you wonder why people don't get their bonus checks on time and the people that get here paid hourly and work on weekends like my dog and some of these other people are always screaming about not getting paid.
They haven't got it. They don't have it.
That poor guy up there in the house, that guy Harry up there in Brinmore, New Jersey.
I won't see him no more.
75 bucks. 75 bucks.
The guy has spent more money on facts paper trying to collect his 75 bucks for six months now.
And he still don't have it.
Here's Pompato B.
Chilo.
Yes, Neil.
Yes sir.
Can you give me some insight to the young cross-spection of Marlon's farm system?
No, yeah.
Right.
You know, like, you know, triple-A and double-A prospects for my life.
Yeah, they're all out there playing right now.
At the south.
Oh, they're still on me?
Yeah, they're out there playing right now.
Okay, go play with yourself because I think you got a head start.
Here's a call from Syracuse.
Hello.
Hi, Neil. How you doing?
Okay, sir.
Good.
Move out of there.
Two years.
Congratulations, Syracuse, sir.
All right. Move back on.
Yeah.
So, first, no fall.
The first week in November when you start freezing your ass off.
Right, exactly.
The stadium things ridiculous.
They're caught in a vicious cycle and they're going to leave.
I have a question on a shameless request.
The question is, all of these things, what did that come from?
Where did it come from?
Yeah, as a line.
Is it in a movie or something?
No, it's from the side of the...
All of these things.
It's from that.
It's from the...
That's a phone call, a crank phone call.
The body augmentation thing.
Okay.
All right.
And my shameless request, if you can do it in a couple breaks because I had to log back on it.
I'll just call it on that old Jewish guy named Eisen.
Okay.
Great.
I'll work on him.
Thanks for your time.
Have a great day, Pal, in Zagazone.
See you in the...
Onionna.
56670560, pound 560 on a mobile one line.
I'm just...
I'm just incoherent.
Incoherent about the thing with his bonus check.
I realize it's just a matter of principle.
And I'm not going to miss a meal today.
I may be able to scrape through and build a maro or whatever they're going to come up with it.
It's just wrong.
Okay?
Just like Bubba said about those Kevin Clides bots.
And he's a good one to talk about morality.
It's just frickin' wrong.
Pay people when they're supposed to get paid.
Don't fiddle around like some mom and pop god damn dime store.
That's the way they run his place.
Like some little corner convenience store.
Like a farm store.
That's the way they run his joint.
Like a business.
Be a businessman for once and a...
Here's a guy that's running around making multi-million dollar deals with Wayne Harzinga and John Henry and the Huracunz.
God really knows how much money they set into their ass to get that hurricane crap.
And let me say it again.
You'll never ever see a blip on a Richter scale.
You can bet your life on it.
You can bet Greg Reed's life on it.
You'll never see a blip on a Richter scale.
Even Hurricane football.
And I know that from all those years at IOD.
Even when they were winning their national championships.
Does it make even like a little tiny blip on a Richter scale around a weekend?
No.
Just a lot of busy work.
So this guy could be the sports mogul, baby.
Which is fine.
If you want to be the sports mogul, you're entitled to that.
But don't hold up people's money because of it.
Pay people when they're supposed to get their cash.
Because nothing infuriates me more than people not paying you on time.
I'm fortunate enough I make enough money.
And to make good credit is important.
I got 7,500 credit cards.
And when I get a bill, generally speaking, I make out a check the day I get it or the next day.
And it goes in a mailbox.
That's the way I do business.
Because I can afford to do it.
If you can't afford to do it, then don't pretend to be a businessman.
I can go out and offer everybody in a business.
I can go to all the top people in the broadcasting industry, all five of them.
And offer them, hey, you want to come over?
I'll give you $50 million to come and work here.
Can't pay them.
I'm starting to get really psychotic.
I'm starting to get really pissed.
Let's smoke some good stuff.
And just cut the crap.
Yeah, man.
I must be crazy. I must be nuts.
Yeah.
While spending the remainder of your golden years in the land of debt,
the one thing you have to depend on is your car.
With Duke Anu's death on the rise,
the people who brought you a big black guy named Ben Carallarm.
Now bring you an old Jewish guy named Isis.
Get away from my quarter of the hell.
You big M.L.F.
Remember when we used to post a packet of carabinerage?
And we ought to get a bundle of finished, maybe.
The white ones are cooler.
Get away from my quarter of the hell.
You big M.L.F.
What the hell is that?
I object serious with you.
For fatty like that.
Get away from my quarter of the hell.
You big M.L.F.
Get away from my quarter of the hell.
You big M.L.F.
Whenever some bastard tries to steal my car,
I feel safer with an old Jewish guy named Isis.
Get away from my quarter of the hell.
You big M.L.F.
Get your old Jewish guy named Isis and Carallarm now.
And receive a free flower antenna.
Get away, get away, get away from my quarter of the hell.
You big M.L.F.
And old Jewish guy named Isis and Carallarm.
Now we're available at all. There's stories.
1103 and 560 W2M and by the way.
What is a buffalo bell?
560, 705, 60, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
And the beat goes on here at QAIM,
where we continue just pulling the wool over everybody's eyes.
Including our own.
Here's a mobile and Davy. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Hi.
Hey, look, I've got a question for you.
I've been listening to you for a long time.
And I just came from Miami, right? I live in Broward.
Yes.
And I went through a donut shop in Day Town.
Yeah.
I put a say to name.
Uh-huh.
I get my receipt back and there's a pinning shirt caps for buying donuts.
Can you explain the case?
A pie shirt tax for what?
For buying donuts.
Okay.
Can you explain that to me?
Yeah. That goes into the PBA police but everyone's fun.
What balance are you asking about a penny for donuts?
In this to which, what are you worried about the penny, okay, pal?
What are you worried about a penny?
560, 705, 60.
If you're that cheap then, you know, you belong in Broward.
Believe me, sunrise would be good. Maybe Tamarack.
Sunrise lakes would be perfect.
You know what I'm saying?
560, 705, 60, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
Here's a mobile in 4-later deal.
Hello.
Hey, now I had a, uh, I was in 4-later deal, but I'm not in the country.
I just crossed the Broward Day line in the country.
Yeah, well, bring that extra penny along, pal.
Hey, I just wanted to touch base.
I don't know if you heard her or not, but over the weekend, I'll try it now.
I was listening to one of these other stations, um, while I was driving around.
And the Miami Heat's trying to, uh, threaten us now too.
They've already started with their campaign.
Must deposit a $50 per seat, uh, towards the 55, uh, 100 fans for the new Miami Heat
Woman's franchise.
You and your daughters or you and your men will be enjoying this summer.
I mean, when they're gonna stop, nobody wants, nobody is interested in the WNDA.
Nobody cares.
Nobody will attend.
And as you point out, just another way of trying to squeeze more bucks out of the same people.
That's right.
Yeah.
And, uh, closing, easy read acquisitions, your bunch of douchebags for a whole
did not know.
Okay.
Have a look at that.
Yeah.
I'm starting to get, uh, feel like cool coming back again.
I thought I had a lick, so to speak.
Can I say that lick?
No.
No.
But it's starting to relax.
I think maybe next two or three days I might have to lay out.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on a AT&T wireless.
Pretty weak here on a phone today.
I mean, really, really weak.
And my mind to be very honest with you now is dancing.
I don't want to say the service is another distraction here inside this joint.
Not getting paid when you're supposed to get paid.
But for me, that always serves as a major distraction because it's something that I happen to be real
personicity about.
Excuse me for getting concerned with other people start playing around playing games with my money.
Here's a mobile and candle.
Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
I'm feeling sick, too.
So I'm going to work.
Yeah.
I think I'm going to have to check out here around noon.
Yeah, I'm also going to say there's a ticker for it on the 878 going from candle to the US one.
There's like four or five coaches waiting to get strength.
Another thing I wanted to pray to you, I know this is a couple of weeks ago, but you got me and a bunch of people that I know to vote against the Alex penis with.
Oh, right.
And I never voted before and you got me out there.
You kept reminding me about the issue and I took a lot since you even lived in Miami.
Right.
And the friend of mine, a female actually who listens to your program, listens to it quite regularly.
She went on her family voted also.
Again, they voted no.
No, and closing, I just want to call her Madeline.
Okay, nice job, pal.
Feel better.
Okay, fine.
We got one call up in the board.
Now we can check in with some really good music, man.
That's right.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, they pound, well listen, you're sitting there with a witness, you're a witness to it.
That is a door in the air.
They don't care.
They just don't give a crap.
And I still laid the challenge down there.
The $64 billion challenge.
We're waiting to hear about all the great things that baseball does for our community.
Okay.
Why it enhances our lifestyle so much.
Why it's so wonderful for everybody who lives in the South Florida community.
What they're going to do for us.
Let's hear it.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60 pound, five, 60 on the ATT line.
I mean, I could be spending my time more productively on the phone with my attorney, seeing about getting my guy down bonus check, which we do yesterday, by the way.
I think the only way these people get to mention it, just like this stuff with the copy, with everything in this place.
If you're willing, and I'm not making this up, if you're willing to sit back and just play ignorant, if you just say,
Oh, I don't give a crap, which I made a mistake this year, three or four months ago.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, we want it.
So we'll just play it whenever we get around to it.
And we'll just, you know, we don't care about the guy then clients because every time somebody can's looking, we got somebody else to plug in there anyway.
Because you got all those big numbers.
And they don't care.
They don't give a flying crap.
There was no communication. I got a sales guy. I don't want to mention Todd Dreck on here again
Comes in here today tells everybody else in a building about an account that can't so which I knew was gonna cancel because he didn't
Service it and his agency buddy does he tell me does he come anywhere near here? No
Do I even today at the day after I still have any word on that from anybody in this you know? No
And this all goes back to one guy I've told you this a million times
It all goes back to Greg Reed. That's the one guy
He's the one that's running the asylum here and that's why things are done with this way
What this guy knows about radio you could stick at a symbol ahead room for the Chinese army left over in there
That's what this guy knows about radio
Nothing zero Zipity doda he makes people look like a rocket scientist
I never thought I could say that but it's the frickin truth
That's why he's peeing in his pants about a guy named radio station at 3200 on a AM dial that nobody can pick up that
Even on the air yet that keeps pushing their floor mat back month after month after month that has gotten nobody that want even more
Tested the strata got on a bus and left pound in the middle of the night
So he didn't have to be inverse by being on that thing and we're suing them because we're so concerned about them
You should have seen they had you know listen personal standing at the door in here that day when that thing hit the newspaper about
Waffen to give him depends undergarments. That's how often he had a change his underwear that day
uj Know what they love what's cool is good guy- ty eyeballs
GOD Thank you. Our
Website
What's the oliva Yeah
Bagugas ediyorum
They had like
Doesn't exactly think I'm really crazy
I want more at risk more.
Ghosts' places feel high.
Whee!
When I listen to the sport,
a manly voice won't get my attention.
I will really get me sent to the shorts.
A squeaky high voice will give me another reaction.
Aw, I hate what you're doing on QAL.
But that's back and back on again.
I'm going on this here in straight bandwidth.
What's this high?
Whee!
Now I'll have to get deeper in that closet again.
So I'm going to press all the macho threads.
Check out the rest of the floor.
I can help the fans as well.
Yeah, there ain't nothing I can have in macho sports guys.
And voices have cracks that they were well-ears old.
Yeah, camels like that.
The ass stand up real close to the radio.
Press the sound.
Get their voices out of there.
Come on.
Oh, straight ahead.
And that's wrong, man.
He's harder than my infrared program.
I was like close yo doing on a taxi by the way.
Anybody hear that thing lately?
No.
How's that the Robert Steinback show?
No.
5670560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
You notice we had a whole bunch of calls under before,
but as soon as we go to the break, they're busy, man.
They're busy.
It's a compulsive gambling thing.
Here's the crawlgables.
Hello.
It's Tuesday, the bookies probably at the door.
Crawlgables, hello.
Yeah.
Yes sir.
You know, that's a clever fee.
Uh huh.
All right, do you like it?
What language are you speaking, sir,
before you come up with this shot,
that's going to get bleeped out anyway,
and ain't going to get on the ear.
Uh huh.
5670560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Pember Pine.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, good.
You're thinking about gambling.
I just got back from the Boervage last night.
Yes.
You don't have to go to Las Vegas anymore.
Meaning what?
It's a great hotel.
I never went outside.
Plunge my brains out.
How to great.
Where is this in Bellux, do you mean?
Belluxi, Mississippi.
Now I'm going to have to get there.
Oh, that's for Glam.
I don't know.
No, no, listen.
There's nobody more orthodox than I am,
but I had a good time.
Oi!
Your orthodoxy, you were gambling?
Oi!
Did you put him, did you put him,
was this on the craft table?
Hi, every shot.
I said, please God help me.
So I've been playing at every shot.
Did it work?
No.
Oh, damn it.
Oh, I'm in good time.
He's busy on the NFL now.
I had a great time.
Okay, thanks a lot, palsy, and Belluxi.
Not, I'm not going to miss the Cippy,
whether or not I'll ban you on my knee.
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
I'm going to go to the NFL,
You know, cuts down on a lottery cost.
Here's a pepper pine,
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I didn't get a chance to call you yesterday,
but didn't anyone talk about the article
on the Panthers in the Hero Loans Sunday?
No.
No.
Unbelievable.
I guess they felt
Well, nobody cares about the Panthers, first of all.
Well, that said,
they felt the blight to write something,
it was like the Sunday Sports column, you know.
Right.
So, the big news was that Pavel
is skating cigarettes in Russia.
That was the update.
What's he doing still over there?
I don't know.
Didn't say.
I mean, camp starts in just a couple of weeks.
Well, you know, here's the first exhibition this game
is I think September 14.
I've had my ticket since the second season,
and if the season is over by November this year,
that's it.
Enough is enough.
How much do I want to keep writing
that $3,000 dollar check,
whatever it is, every year?
Yeah, but we got Lance Pitla,
how do you like that?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, that'll do it.
Oh, yeah.
I would have been to upgrade my seats for that.
Oh, yeah.
Perfect.
The mission game is on Tuesday the 14th,
over there in Fort Myers,
Carolina Heracunes.
You probably want to speak
as much Russian as possible for you.
Yeah, that's right.
You probably want to speak a lot of Russian
on the bench just to piss Terry Murray off.
And, sir, I want to tell you this.
I've spoken since,
because I'm going to talk about hockey much,
because nobody here cares about it as much as I love it.
But the fact is that the players, two A1,
every single item, they hate Terry Murray like poison.
We've got to get rid of both the Murray.
The Murray's, you've got to go.
We'll pack them a challenge
and they've got to go on a bus and get out of here.
And send them to Shashka Tune.
That's it.
Medino Shisharelli, thank you, sir.
I'll see you at the Amacarina.
Love that Amacarina, baby.
September 15th.
That's it.
What is it?
Wednesday night, back street boys.
At the Amacarina.
So it's good that we've built that Amacarina.
Not just for the Panther games,
but when we have these concerts,
like when 98 degrees comes back,
we don't have to have my favorite conti.
You know, you can puke in there,
or I'll do that.
Okay.
I'll take Nick and Jeff any day,
over certain others,
but I don't want to mention no names to offend anybody.
How come this thing isn't human up back to the beginning?
It must be a communist plot.
Anyway, 22 past 11 at a QAM.
We're still waiting for the Bulletin,
for the news on Neil's bonus check.
It's always something isn't it boys and girls, huh?
Life could be so easy.
My mother's got a great saying.
She don't have too many,
but she's got a great saying.
Life could be beautiful, but it's not.
Nice going, Ma.
I think that sums it up in a nutshell.
This could be the...
I was just telling Bluffin here during the last break.
This could be the greatest place to work in the whole business.
All it would require is just a little bit more elbow grease,
a little bit more work by certain people in here,
like sales management types,
and like a general manager,
and like making sure that people get paid on time.
And this would be paradise.
As they say in Vegas,
here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello?
Fort Lauderdale.
Oh, sorry.
Don't be sorry.
It was Detroit's only place with four separate arena vachikovs.
And how do you like that?
I mean, Detroit are real sports now.
And of course, they're just building that new stadium for the Tigers.
Which is going to be beautiful.
Is it?
Oh, yeah. It's right on the Detroit Railway.
Yes, I do.
Okay. It's right on Woodward,
just know what the Fox Theatre is.
Oh.
Well, they put the new facility,
not far from the old theater.
Oh, I missed going to that Michigan Avenue site, though.
That's the best.
Oh, we're either used to have to pay 100 bucks to watch your car,
and they would still slice the tires.
It was great.
It was a great place to get you, though.
And of course, they've really been drawn big over there.
I know, 10, 12,000 in the game for the last five or six years.
I do realize, by the way, what?
Wait a minute.
Let me take a look at the standings.
Right.
Smith is going to get fired.
The Tigers are next to last place.
It's not last place.
No, no, but wait a minute.
The Tigers record going into yesterday's action before the Marlins pulled that came out last night.
The Tigers record was only a half a game more.
Now, let's see.
The Detroit play yesterday.
No, they did not.
Which means that as you and I speak right now, Detroit is 44 and 67.
Florida is 45 and 68.
They're in a virtual dead heat.
The Tigers are two percentage points worse than the Marlins.
How do you like that?
That's still a great...
Is that pathetic?
If anyone's going to make a run up there, though, to see the games and before they chair the stadium down,
sit in the upper deck, first row, best place to see a game.
No, I want to sit down real close so I can shake hands with Justin Thompson for me.
You walk close when you're up stage.
You can hear her any more while they play.
No, it's a great, it's a great.
Now, is there any still doing radio?
Oh, yeah.
He is?
Yeah, he's doing it.
Because he's not on TV anymore.
No.
Across my ass, it makes me very angry.
You remember a couple years ago?
Yes, I did.
They tried to fire him.
No, they didn't.
Both fired him and brought in some...
No, I understand, but they tried to pull that off and they cried and they publicly increased you and they had to bring them back.
Right after a year.
They had him in like XI.
CBS Radio picked it up for a while.
He was doing a national games.
But I thought that was the pizza guy that made the decision.
No, it was Bo and Jim King who was the general manager of the J.A.
Well, that's all you know, he went to Michigan so he's a real jackpot.
Anyway, so it's the Troy with a four separate arena.
And down here with the U of M, they're going to have their own arena.
Oh, that's... that'll be five, that's right.
Right.
Okay.
No one's going to be playing at the Miami race.
And then we got Mark Light Stadium for the baseball team of the Hurgund.
So that's six.
And then we got the Orange Bowl, which we're forgetting about what is scrimmaging.
So that's seven.
And Lockhart Stadium.
And Lockhart Stadium.
And then we got to Stadium Down in Homestead.
That's nine.
And the race car stadium.
And the race car stadium down there is ten.
And then don't forget to hold Miami Stadium and Bobby Maduro Stadium.
That's eleven.
Bobby Maduro Stadium.
Bobby Maduro Stadium.
Bobby Maduro Stadium, right.
What does it?
It's Dominant Park.
And Dominant Park.
That's right.
Okay.
Have a great day, pal.
And Tropical Park.
Don't forget Old Tropical Park, where they had the first harness track down here 100 years ago.
Tom Wilbur and his still doing it, baby.
But he's still alive.
And let's talk some harness racing.
That'll clear out the phones.
Five, six, seven.
How about that Hamiltonian?
How about that Michael Chan?
That's that fraud.
That's one, Mike.
Don't have any talk about that down here because that's not on the original.
They just don't know these things.
Don't you understand?
We have a very limited repertoire down here.
But this is the only place in the U.S. that's got 72 sports venues.
Somebody just told me about the FAU Stadium that Howard Snowman burgers building for.
All right, Howard Snow.
Smelly Burger.
He's building a stadium.
That's the 1112th.
That's 72th.
That's how you stadium.
FIU Stadium.
What's that song by Macy Gray?
What do they say to do at FIU?
They keep saying, you know what I'm talking about.
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
FIU.
What do they keep saying that over and over again?
Of course, the hurricane fans are going, yeah, yeah, FFIU.
Well, Macy Gray, number one at the U of M.
I guarantee you that.
FFIU.
FFIU.
What does that mean?
Somebody be splitting that to me, please.
Please, before it's too late.
Before I get that check.
Yeah, that Greg Reed, man.
This is the guy.
He's still got his fingers stuck in that hole and he said,
I told him, I'm going to say right here on a year.
If I were him and I'm not in thank God, I'm not.
I got a better haircut with no hair.
If I was Greg Reed, I would bring the bonus check for Neil Rogers
and on a silver tray is what I would do.
And I'm not exaggerating.
I would come in here, kiss Neil Rogers ass,
and bring him his bonus check on a silver goddamn tray.
20 months in a row that I've been on this radio station.
Every single trend, every month, 20 months in a row,
number one, and every goddamn demographic that we care about.
Number one in the market, number one in the goddamn station in the men.
Every single month, 20 months in a row.
And I got to come on here and,
waaaah, waaaah.
My belly aching wine like a child wears my goddamn money.
And believe me, I'm not above doing it either.
Waaaah.
Talk dirty to me.
Marvy was a man who dressed just like a woman.
Now he's like a monkey bee.
If he didn't do the thing,
she said he's too excited as to cop or clean.
My fat, my fat, my fat in a swift bell of thumb.
How young is she, John?
My fat, my fat, my fat just like he did in no row.
My fat, my fat, my fat, you career, you retrieved.
My fat, my fat, my fat sporting and new here we go.
Your back, Marv.
Yes, I don't believe it.
Okay, the good news is that check, I'll be here overnight and we'll be here tomorrow.
Now do you think it would have been here tomorrow if I wouldn't have made a big stink about this?
No. No. I would have had to just sit around cooling my heels for day after day after day.
Just waiting and counting, you know, with that little clock ticking,
to see if it might show up when I get around it with the beesleaves over there.
So John Henry, you are waiting, might have to wait a couple of days until our next multi-million dollar payment.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Talk about in over your head. Talk about drowning.
Oh, too bad about William Shatner's wife, by the way.
Oh. He said 40 years old, ground.
You see that story this morning?
William Shatner, his wife dead. No, he's not dead. His wife is dead.
Oh, JP said, oh, thank God it wasn't him. Captain Jerk.
Which one of his was the elitist one? Here's Miami. Hello.
I get to follow the suffering from insomnia. I guess I could subsidize a baseball stadium where I can go and follow sleep.
Yeah.
At a baseball game. Is that a good enough reason?
By the way, this was heard on WQA last night in the middle of the six fittings.
The next joanjo, by the way.
Yeah, you know, I'm going to tell you.
The question that these, the question that these violence was made in the past didn't ask.
John Henry, which by the way, he's such a great guy, Neil.
Is it a hell of a guy?
It's a nice guy.
Oh, it's such a nice guy.
Christ, I might have had a lot of given 400 million bucks.
I must be crazy. I must be nuts.
The one question is, hey, why should we subsidize a stadium for you when we don't subsidize anything for Bell Thalft?
Okay. AT&T.
Absolutely.
These are things that are actually...
Fucking donuts?
Yeah.
Or the Mustang Ranch, which one out of business.
Right. You know?
I've got them swing clubs that they're closing down.
Yeah. Well, we are at the...
Now, you're in Tia. People are having a hell of a lot better time at all the places you just mentioned than they are to guide them ballpark.
Absolutely.
I mean, to me, baseball has just become such a high job, man.
And, you know, I mean, and yours, and like you say, you know, the one team, the one team that actually has a chance to do anything.
The Dolphin. I mean, they're preempting them with all these marlins games.
Isn't that correct?
Well, the Dolphin exhibition games are going to wind up, at least parts that were all of some of them on Waxy on a station
and nobody can hear that nobody knows about.
So we can have the honor of putting Marlins baseball.
What a great deal you made. Greg, nice call, and Tweet Art.
And, you know, I'm sort of in the same boat with that woman that called yesterday.
I'm completely outraged.
How dare this man ask me for money for the building in the stadium?
How dare the newspaper that we spend money to buy this newspaper so we can read the news that's going on in town and in the world?
And how dare that tell us that we should give him 80% of $40 million.
It will be so great for the pro-Roward.
And, you know, the whole thing, the whole thing, I mean, first of all, you don't need to press conference for someone to tell you where the sites are going to be just print them the newspaper.
First of all, or just listen to Hank on Friday.
We'll get him all on it, yeah.
But why? Why in the world is this guy?
Oh, well, this is a press conference to figure out how much I'm going to pay.
Now, how about 100%?
Okay? I'm going to keep pay 100% and we pay nothing.
And I'll make a deal if you pay 100%.
But he already told you, if he pays 100%, it's going to be a little tiny post-it-stamped stadium.
He can't see it about 3,000 people.
They won't have a decent team. It's going to be really bad.
It's going to stink.
That's great.
So, you know, he'll help, but it's going to be terrible.
That's great. Then he loses the money and not us.
That's right. Absolutely. Thanks, Rodney.
Okay. And we'll see him in DC.
Like we said, we'll see him in AC or DC.
Because I'll tell you one thing, John, Henry, right now.
And I'm speaking for the majority of people.
Not the sports nerds that come on and suck your ass on his station every now and then
when they're just in the right mood for a suck job.
I'm talking about the majority of people with a brain inside Florida.
If you think that you're getting one dime of tax money to build you a goddamn domed stadium.
I must be crazy. I must be nuts.
Couldn't have set up better myself.
5.670560, 0.560.
I mean, the list is, it's endless with the colleges, with their basketball,
arena, somebody, a football stadium.
I mean, on and on and on.
Pretty soon you won't have to worry about building metro rail or more highways.
Because there won't be any room for them.
Because every goddamn artery, every corner,
we'll have another goddamn stadium blocking it off or another arena.
How many venues? I love that word.
How many venues do we need in one community?
And especially in their place where nobody gives a crap about it anyway.
Does anybody care about the fusion?
How about the WNVA?
How about any of these things?
How about the Marlin?
No.
They don't care about the Panthers either.
They just found it's a nice safe place to come and co-create.
You should move a little bit and have a few beers in the hangout.
And talk on yourself when it's important.
Here's Tamarack. Hello?
Hi, Neil. How's it going?
Great.
Just got back from Hilton Haydottland last night.
Yeah.
One last few couple questions.
What happened with Affin?
Anything going on with him?
What happened with Waffen?
Yeah.
We're still laughing.
That Waffen.
Because they're still not on here.
Right.
First there's startup date back a few weeks.
Like that. They said August 30th, but they didn't say which year.
Oh man, I can't believe it.
And I understand as a guy that's running the thing over there,
he looks like he just got out of one of Casper's prisons.
I used to hear.
Yeah.
How's the little dog doing?
My little dog?
Yes, sir.
Don't get too personal.
My little dog's doing fine.
Why do you ask?
Right before I left, he was in a vet for a couple days.
Yeah.
Right.
Well, you're very concerned about Tiny.
Hey, listen.
You got a nice home form.
Oh, okay.
Yeah. He'll give you a present every now and then.
Oh, and you don't want it.
Yeah.
We Christmas vlog, even in the middle of summertime.
All right, Neil. You take care of yourself.
And you, too, pal.
All right. Thanks a lot.
And Tiny says thank you.
Right, Tiny?
Hey, Tiny.
No.
Oh, don't do that on a carpet, Tiny.
Ten and a half years old.
I want to tell you the difference between a golden retriever
and a miniature pincher.
My big dog would explode before he would even pee in the house.
I'll tell you that right now.
He would explode before he would even think of two drops in the house.
That little dog, well, even when you're home, this is the thing that gets me.
Even when you're in a house every now and then I have caught him and I'll go like in the front then.
And then he is with his little leg up in the air.
Well, you know, he didn't want to bother me to go out.
Which he only wants to go out like every five seconds.
But in this particular case, he figured, well, this is a good spot.
Yeah, it's not something familiar there.
Yeah.
Do a little one of those, too, while you're at it.
And for a little dog, I'll tell you that weighs only ten pounds.
Oh, and did you see the story I had 48 hours mystery last night about that little kid?
11-year-old kid, he weighed 45 pounds.
22 pounds. Oh, I shouldn't, this is once time.
Impacted feces.
And they had the trial error of the parents and the doctors and the whole thing.
And of course, the parents were found not guilty.
How could you not know?
45 pounds.
11-year-old and the kid died from, he had the parent anditis.
Infection of the stomach because he had all this, uh, uh,
and I'm thinking to myself, everybody's a parent.
Everybody can reproduce.
Be criminalized, putt in Florida.
Oh, right.
Join the Anorbae to your guns today.
You have yourself some down on Christian fun.
Oh, your friends away.
We'll back you all up.
If you're spending your life you want a gun.
When you think of all the benefits you're getting,
life will be sweeter.
When you catch your heater, you'll bury your life some silly deadly.
Join today to see American ways to see a member of the N.R.R.
A for the me, A for the chest, and all the pain for the head.
A for the laughing, God bless.
Join them in your skin, feel the more comfortable.
Be there to spend your life you want a gun.
Come on and die today, and you'll be proud to save your own family.
And all over again.
How's it going, A?
It's 1145 at 560 WQM, driver and crash ticket at earlier.
Do you see this?
The driver of one of the cars involved in that drag racing accident that killed three people
over the weekend received a speeding ticket shortly before the gruesome crash Hollywood police set on Monday.
Before the fatal drag race, the driver of the Ford Mustang.
First of all, Mustang should be taken off the road right away anyway.
People would drive Mustangs or assholes, okay?
Let me tell you as a proud Corvette owner.
Let me tell you right now, Mustangs, those are the people that they got a very tiny penis and a real complex about it.
Mustangs are for punks.
The driver of the Mustang Glenn Blackledg have been ticketed by an FHP trooper for speeding on 595
and stopped to buy four cans of Heineken.
They already had an unopened 12 pack of beer in the car, Hollywood police sergeant Frank McGarry said.
How do you like that?
See, and one thing about what they don't understand, they've been watching too many old James Dean movies,
which there's only three of them, but like Rebel with other costs.
First of all, drag racing is for punks anyway, like me.
If I'm at a stop light and some wise guy there and is God then Mustang 5.0, is sitting next to me.
Yes, I'll be more than happy to show him who's got the real car, but you don't drag race for two miles, okay?
That's not drag racing. It's like the people, it just amazes me.
I'll be like at the corner of University and sunrise, alright?
Now leave some punk in the dust, and we're just talking about just getting away from the light.
That shows you who's got the fast car.
That doesn't mean if you go 100 and I'm sitting there still going 50 or whatever, that your car is fast,
or it just means you're a moron.
This goes on all the time, time and time again, especially at night.
They go out there going west on sunrise, 80, 85, 90 miles an hour.
Wow, am I impressed by what an asshole you are, that's not how fast your car is,
because guess what, I just might be able to squeeze that damn vent up to 80 or 90 miles an hour too.
I don't know, it might be tough, but I'll work on it, I'll pedal a little bit.
You idiots.
The way that people, the things that people do in their cars and especially in this place,
unacceptable murderers.
Just down here, and you know something, I don't like the radar, the speed traps and all that crap,
but make an exception down here on Ives Dairy Road, all you porkers that do your work down there,
more power to you.
Because every morning I drive there five days a week coming in and going out,
but especially coming in the morning, 30 miles an hour,
and not only is it a residential area, but there are houses lined on both sides of the street,
between 441 out here and the turnpike.
Heavy duty residential with kids with a school up the street,
and you try to go anywhere near that 30 mile an hour speed limit,
and these people are up your ass and going around you and just getting psychotic.
You look at the mirror, you mirror, and you're just getting crazy.
They're getting crazy.
35 or 40, that isn't even close enough to satisfy them.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Let me say it again, mustangs flow.
Mustangs, in fact, most people who drive mustangs should have their licenses revoked,
right now, taken off the road, never permitted to drive again.
Something about having a mustangs, even if you're a good driver to start with,
once you get behind the wheel of a mustangs, you lose it.
There's a whole thing with your mentality.
You just lose your perspective on life.
And of course, if I had to drive a crappy little mustangs, I'd probably have a complex too.
Here's a Fort Lauderdale. Hello?
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
About this stadium issue, I've spoken to my conformist lemming neighbor,
and he's already conceded. He says they got to spend the money.
That's not true, is it?
What does that mean?
He means they might as well build it because they got to spend the money.
They got to spend what money?
That's what I said.
I said there's something you have to vote on first.
Yeah.
Well, what money is he talking about?
There is no money.
I don't know who's been talking to him, but he said it's a done deal here in Fort Lauderdale.
No, it is not a done deal here in Fort Lauderdale.
There's no way that they can pass this without the public voting on it.
And I guarantee you the public will say no.
No.
Okay, good.
I'll give you a put my hand.
My neighbor, in fact, if I were you, I'd move right now.
Before I was seriously, before two of the staff knew I'd be living someplace else.
I'll put the sign up now.
Okay.
Good luck.
Yeah, it's a done deal.
See, we got out of that with this last exercise in Dave County with at Penny Sales Tax
and the overwhelming no other public and some people actually turning out way beyond their wildest expectations.
That showed you that you don't just sit back and roll over every time they try to put something off on you like this crap.
See, that's the way guys like John Henry come in.
They talk like it's a done deal.
You know, oh yeah, well, we know you're going to do it.
But here are the places I'd like to have.
Here's my, if I had my brothers, I'd like it over here.
How about up your record?
That sounds, John.
Henry, you idiot.
Get back on your yacht and get there a lot of here.
And let those four or five thousand people that have nothing else in their life going on.
Let them go out to the ball games, the rest of the guy that they're August and September,
and Fritter lives away.
Maybe by a couple of Fritters at the ballpark.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
It's a done deal, my ass.
Here's my me lakes. Hello.
Hello, Neon.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, let me ask the question.
Why you got to bash Mustangs for, man?
Mustangs suck.
No, they don't have to be Mustangs.
They don't have to be Mustangs.
They don't make Corvette ten times, man.
Did what?
Nate and Manuel have Corvette, and I raise them all the time and I beat them.
Yeah.
I beat them all the time.
You beat what?
I beat the crap out of the car.
It's a piece of crap.
I mean, you crash one Corvette, and it's a piece of drag.
Yeah, but the people that drive Corvettes, except for that 16-year-old kid who's dead,
he gave him a Corvette a couple of years ago.
People that drive Corvettes, you don't see it.
That's a great one.
That's why it's more like mine.
He had a can on the motor, man.
That's not fair.
Yeah.
That's not racing.
I'm sorry, but you can't say that.
I hear you had a penis about the size of an acorn.
That's why I was driving a Mustangs.
No, that's not true.
I hear that only guys who are hungry, like the road driver,
who have a penis about the size of an acorn.
No, that's just me.
I'm an exception.
Okay, pal.
All right.
See you at the corner of the universe.
Yeah.
Love you, Neil.
All right, see you.
Yeah, in fact, Joe Castello says, uh, you hear Mustangs blow.
He's blown his nose right now in honor of it.
And I would agree with you.
They blow.
Yeah.
No question about it.
See, I don't really care.
But they're so sensitive.
And you want to know why they're sensitive because Mustangs kind of like Camaro.
You know, the thing we have with the, we play about the Camaro.
Mustangs are like for punks who can't afford a real car yet.
So it's nice.
You know, they're fast.
They're okay.
For like, it's like a training bra.
It's that kind of a thing.
It's like a tricycle.
As you're working your way up to a real car, you have to go through that phase of your adolescence.
You own a Mustangs.
And then you start making a few bucks and you get rid of it as soon as you can.
And then you get a real car.
And then someday you get a Corvette and you really have a car.
Here's Coral Gebel.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
Listen with a hockey in the horizon.
I came up with my list of the players because you could take my six players.
List of players of what?
The hockey team.
The Panthers.
What does that mean?
Well, I'm going to give you a list of players and see what you think of them.
List of players for what?
A Panther hockey team.
The real players.
Yeah.
Have a Murray, Paul Loves, Bill Lindsay, Mark Bearish, Ray Whitney, Fred Hedikin.
What do you think?
Fred Hedikin.
Yeah, he's alright.
He's alright.
What about Radock Dvorak?
Yeah, my husband and my wife.
Yeah, and what is the point?
What is this leader, War L?
Yeah, Peter War L, there you go.
He be the man.
He the man.
So what does that mean?
You made a list which means you must be boy to that.
And what does that say?
What is the message?
Okay, the message is he has no message.
Nice go answer.
You hear the click?
There is no message.
That's the South for the hockey fan.
This car right there.
And there's another thing.
We got a hockey arena that cost $200 million that has no drainage in the parking lot, by the way.
No drainage in the parking lot.
We went through one whole season where most of the people in the arena couldn't see the girl white at either end.
And this guy has given me a hockey critique on the 10th of August.
And I said, what does it mean?
What is the point?
And it's click.
It's like.
There you go.
Well, look this line's close.
Do you hear that sound?
I'm getting more just thinking about this.
$5,6705,60 pound for or maybe it's the beginning of the hockey season that's getting me so emotional now.
You think that might be it?
No.
Huh?
God, it's your beats to crap we got going on now.
Talk about boring sitting there with that small dish and having that baseball package and flipping back and forth through the pool.
Try, first of all, to find a game that means something.
Is there a game on it means something?
Unless the Mets or Braves or the Red Sox or Blue Jays are playing, is there a game that means anything?
No.
Unless it's a Dodger game, which of course we all hope they lose every game with their $80 million payroll and they're Kevin Brown.
That makes me so excited to see that.
I can't begin to tell you how thrilled I am to see that.
Let's take a look at the Dodgers record, by the way.
Spinning all that money out there.
Kevin Brown, here's a real teen guy for you baby.
That's what they say about him in San Diego.
There's a real teen guy.
There's a guy that's really loyal.
He's a whore is what he is.
Even Kathy Willis is an upstanding citizen compared to Kevin Brown.
Oh, look at that Los Angeles.
They're after the Colorado sweep by the Marlins over the weekend.
Colorado is in last place.
Nice going, Air Jim Leland.
Los Angeles, 50 and 62.
They're 12 games under 500.
They're 13 and a half behind.
They're 13 and a half behind Arizona.
Oh, I love it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
And if we had anybody calling me,
Spondom, I'd direct questions so far.
I laid the challenge out there for you.
Maybe we're wrong.
Maybe all the rest of us are a bunch of sour pie, okay?
Sour poses.
Maybe baseball really does bring enhanced our community
and bring all of these things, whatever these things are supposed to be,
that the newspaper says.
It's our national past time.
It means to the community and to families and to whoever.
Come on, let's hear what those things are.
I'm waiting.
We're waiting for specifics.
Here's a mobile in Pompeno. Hello?
Danielle, did you get a chance to watch the Woodstock reunion special on VH1?
You've got to be kidding me.
I know, Melissa.
They think you're...
Why don't I watch that?
Well, I was there.
They showed something called the trip tent.
And when I was having a problem,
they didn't...
There was no trip tent when I was there.
The wavy gravy was there.
It was just...
It was just great stuff.
I missed those times.
How do you support Bill Bradley?
Four minutes till noon at 560 of this guy.
You're just, you know, pathetic living in the past.
Yeah, I had to run a little bit.
He had to be a little bit too, huh?
He's really articulate and forceful is what I like about him the best.
But he wants to wear a jock strap.
So let's hear it from Bill.
But Bill Bailey instead of Bill Bradley.
How do you like that?
560, 705, 60, 05, 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
You know, they were talking about how they had all those rapes at the Woodstock 99.
And they did.
In addition, which I was reading about how sexist most of the guys were there,
and how they treated the women like crazy.
And then the marsh pit, the women were getting like fondled and hassled,
and be raided and abused and grabbed and squeezed and raped and lost them.
And guys were going, oh, yeah!
3, 2, 1, 5.
Folks, strong.
Funny commas.
Real contest!
Raw!
I'm right in front of you.
It's not his to do what's that.
Doing the hokey.
Oh, I'm doing the hokey.
I'm doing the hokey.
No, I'm doing the hokey.
I have to take up all you know.
We did a real good job out at Election on the Panfield
Taxi and Aid County.
Now we got to do a thing about Ricky Martin.
That's what we have to vote on next.
Let's ban Ricky Martin is what I said.
I'm back to Puerto Rico.
Get him out of here.
God, I can't stand him.
Here's a four-letter deal.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil, how are you?
Okay, sir.
That's good.
Yeah, and as far as you're coming about baseball goes here,
I don't think it'll ever fly here.
You know, football, I'm surprised as well as it does here.
But baseball, I don't think we'll fly here because it's not
a very passionate town like New York or Cleveland or anything
like that or even Boston.
But there's one other thing I had to talk to you about because I
went home last night and we got this newsletter up in
Pompano from this animal rights group.
Yeah.
And they said that all these signs we've got on the poles about
missing dogs and cats.
They said that the Haitians are moving in and they're eating
our dogs and cats and things up there.
Oh, right.
They're setting traps.
They're setting traps for the dogs and the cats and the
the run.
So this way they can eat them.
They call it chicken.
And I said, you've got to be kidding me, right?
And she says, no.
We got this warning that we have to keep all the dogs and cats
inside.
So this way they don't get eaten by the Haitians.
Yeah.
OK, thanks.
Actually, good news.
We have a bad phone there.
Thank God.
Yeah, a little bit too much jerk chicken up there.
I think is what the problem is.
Maybe a little too much jerk pork.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, Pomp 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile invoker.
Hello.
See you, God.
Yes, sir.
Hey, that guy had called earlier about that money.
It's for a lot of the years.
Correct.
I worked for the Chamber of Commerce and for a lot of the
health.
And there's a surplus of money that has been stashed for, like,
emergency situation.
You mean, like for new schools, that kind of thing?
I think that might be what it's for.
But there's Henry's been out there numerous times.
In fact, he just left this morning.
And appears to be that they're going to go ahead and push this
thing through.
No way.
There will be a revolution in this town if they pull that thing.
They pull out.
See, here's yet cool.
They're getting a lot of noise.
They've got a bunch of cash laying around up there.
It's going to go somewhere.
Yeah.
Sir, I want to say this to you, OK, with all due respect.
And that is that any parent in Broward County who's going to sit
back and permit that with a Crap's public school system that you've
got in Broward County is going to sit back and allow that should have been fixed
before they ever reproduced in the first place.
OK, you're not fit to be a parent if you're going to sit back and sit still for that Crap.
And I'll tell you that right now, whether you like it or not.
Make a little more noise, Jeff, from the Pizza Law.
Pervert.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
God, do you look extra- what's your day?
What's with that?
You look like crap on wheels, man.
Probably just came from getting laid.
OK, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pizza Law.
The only place in America where you get three condoms with every pizza.
And pound 5, 60 on a mobile one-line.
Pre-use done, fortunately.
Hold the sausage.
Here's a lady in sunrise.
Hello.
Lady in sunrise.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
How are you today?
Pretty good.
Good.
I just wanted to comment on the drag racing thing.
Yes, please.
You know, only crazy people, drag race.
Only overgrown children.
I know.
Go ahead.
And let me tell you something.
Did you watch the news with those kids that their friends are dead
and they're still sitting here saying, well, I know how to handle my car.
Right, uh-huh.
So, you know, what about the people with children in their car that are innocent
and get hurt over these people?
Right.
You know, that's all I really wanted to say.
OK.
And another thing.
When my dad's horse gets back in a pump, I'll give you a call and give you a good tip.
Thanks.
OK.
OK.
Mixing more noise, Jeff.
56670560.560 on a mobile one-line.
See, it's the pizza log.
Not the best.
Not the fastest.
Just the noisiest.
Just make a lot of noise and get a lot of free publicity.
That's the way Jeff has been.
56670.
What do I keep pumping these numbers?
I'm all pumped up now because maybe I'll get that bonus check tomorrow.
You hear that story?
That I had to get on here and act like a shot, which was due yesterday.
And it doesn't come with my paycheck today.
Only the beastly reed way, baby.
Only the way.
And of course, if I was to read, I'd be hiding my face too to be doing business the way he goes.
Next time you get a bill from this place, by the way, just send him a note.
I'll pay you.
I'll pay you when I, yeah, when I'm good and ready, huh?
That's a way to do it, Jeff.
Pay him when you get around it.
That's the way they can.
In fact, they'll admire you more.
They'll respect you more.
They'll say, there's a good businessman.
He's like, gosh, he pays his bills.
What he's good and ready, if ever.
Here's a lady in Hialeah.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, ma'am.
Yes, I want to know why is it that you're always bashing women on your show?
What are you talking about?
What are you talking about, lady?
Come on, come on.
You need your figure right there to walk it up the answer to questions.
Come on.
Let's see if you can figure it out.
It's made sure.
No, I want to take it on my ass.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
And she said you want to stick her finger in her rectum.
Some are close.
Okay, Jeff, there you go.
Trape that call.
Jeff will be over any second now.
Service with a smile.
I wonder if I can't get a date anymore with you.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
That's right.
We understand this weekend, especially at the law.
Three floppy seconds is what they're going to be given.
Here's the mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello?
Hey, Neal, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
I'll tell you I'm pissed off.
You got the signal hit on the head here.
These people are on drugs to think that if you read that editorial in the Sunsignal,
which one?
Yesterday.
Yeah, of course I've been talking about it for two days now.
I've got it in the car.
I mean, these people are on drugs at the editorial board.
What do they think we're stupid?
Yeah, exactly.
They think we're morons and that they're going to just put this over and it's done.
Didn't I predict this already that this is the way these things get done?
They start.
They approach like it's a done deal.
Now here's where we like to put it and just come up with some creative ways to find it.
And it's done.
And pull all of a sudden we're building a stadium, whether the public needs it, wants it or whatever.
If you build 10 schools, 10 Kamilis, this is for the same money.
That's right.
And no, they're going to take a flush fund from the Proud County, whatever, Chamber of Commerce.
Now how about some storm stewards who are the sewers out there for us in West Broward
who have a flood every time a pig implies it?
That's right, it's a snake.
How about some drainage out there?
That's right, it's bizarre.
These people are on drugs.
They're absolutely out of their mind.
Okay, just say no pal.
No.
To John Henry and the Sunsignal.
No.
Okay.
Yeah, John Henry.
But he's such a nice guy, you know, that's the pitch.
He's such a great guy that you just look at him and you want to reach in your pocket.
And just every time you got just handed over, here you go John, do whatever you want with it.
I must be crazy, I must be nuts.
Yeah, we agree.
And you mark my words in these next weeks and months on this station, there'll still be these people debating,
which side is best and is it going to be best over here and best over there?
Instead of just putting their foot down and saying, no way Jose, cut the bull crap.
We don't need this, we don't want this.
Nobody in their right mind wants this.
A $400 million stadium for a handful of lunatics who have no life and have nothing else better to do.
I say if you want to take public money, let's build a swing club on every corner instead of God and baseball parks in the stadiums and arenas.
Swing clubs on every street corner and get Ken Jennings is stormtroopers out of there.
And let some people go have a really good time.
Five students, Jeff Snodden, said he said, yeah.
Five, six, seven, oh, bottom of the, you bringing enough food here, like for six people, what is this?
Are you out of your mind?
Maniac, lunatic, pervert.
What are you laughing about? It's good for business man.
It's great for business, well, that's good.
Just imagine all of the venereal disease I'm probably stopping from less printing.
Nine minutes passed.
By the way, Jeff tested positive for several things last week.
Just a joke, where they know it's just a radio show.
By the way, I'll go up to you if you have a nice ass.
Did you see him on TV?
No, I did not.
Can I do this spot for for Montetti Burr company?
You're just going to sit there.
Buh-buh-buh, oh, I was fingernails.
Jesus, right in the mouth.
I haven't even taken the first bite of lunch yet.
And he's sitting right across with those blue fingernails.
Oh, look at that.
With pornographic things on him.
Oh, let's see that one.
Hey, and just feel like a prick.
Really, you can't tell the way you use my poison.
You can't forget the things that both the boys see.
I've had a place he's found with porn and a home just like in the Amazon.
What you're trying to understand, what you're telling us to really win.
I've done that.
I did it, Jake.
It's not the first to do the other way.
I believe it or not, it is a piece of almost heaven and die.
I believe in I Am A P Nothing D, No I Am A P Nothing Died.
Oh, ok, I love you, but Hvorito Santa you coming back
I'm blessing Olivia Harris to me.
I am a enterprise division, I'm a repairs division guy.
I have services.
I have a private intern.
Now, who are these ticks in the media that you want to bang?
Just pull the mic down.
Let's give some names out.
Pull the microphone down while you're eating there.
You might as well do something constructive.
You don't have to eat it.
Yeah.
I'm a second.
I don't want any commentary on it.
Please.
No, I have nothing to say.
Some names to see you here.
No, give us some names.
I have none.
You just tell me that because I say all these things
about you being a pervert, that none of the media people,
none of the other ladies, and you have your eyes focused
on a couple on a few.
Right, and ate in the restaurant, and covered
off in camping, things like that.
Right.
You think I'm a pervert because of the way you talk about me?
What do you want?
Aren't you a pervert?
No, I don't know.
Well, you should talk a good game.
I don't talk anything.
You have a bunch of sauce on your shirt.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
Hey, Jeff.
Yeah.
I'm single now, so we can go up.
You could show me how it's done because I'm not a practice.
I was out of the field for 10 years.
I know nothing.
You know?
You just got to make the best of whatever.
You could be ready to bring a shovel along with us.
With his act.
Huh?
A golden shovel.
You know, you got to lead.
It's only Tuesday.
You got to lead more this week already
than most guys in this audience will all month,
all over the month of August.
Not true.
It is true.
It's not true.
It is true.
I know that without even asking.
Morning, noon and night.
I sure hope that Jeff's daughter was listening.
It's just a joke, so I already told her not to listen.
No letter, listen.
She's what?
How old is she?
15.
Yeah.
15.
And she was out of town all summer,
so she didn't get to hear it.
Good.
Thank God.
That's right, because there was a lot of...
That's true.
How young are we all?
How young?
Yeah.
People realize it's just a radio show.
How young is who you are?
It isn't real.
No, I just make it up.
It's just real.
For fun.
Right.
Got him.
I feel subconscious now with his schmoots all over my shirt.
But I can put like a little sign next to it with an arrow
say this schmoots is from pizza loft.
It was great.
Uh-huh.
That was cool.
I don't really care.
I'm not going to...
I have no plans on seeing anybody important today.
So you want also my opinion on the guy on the airplane?
The guy on your plane?
Yeah.
That didn't talk to you.
Nelson.
No, Nelson.
Right.
He just...
He didn't know you were gay.
He must have found that out in between your visits.
Yeah.
Have you ever been to Toronto?
Doesn't mean anything.
Yeah, I didn't.
Next to San Francisco, Toronto is probably the gay city in North America.
Yeah, but most of the people are...
Especially younger people like in their 20s.
Like Nelson.
Uh-uh, the idea that somebody as gay would be so secondary, so meaningless.
Unless, of course, they're like, you know, late in the year.
Something like that.
Or...
I don't know what he is.
No idea.
It doesn't make any sense.
That never really crossed my mind, because he's just not that interesting to look at.
He always say just a guy.
Just an ordinary run of the mill.
Probably freaked out and didn't know how to do it.
Really?
Yeah.
Thought that I was like, um...
And the hoodies.
Yeah.
I didn't leave a couple of hoodies on it.
Business credit, I wrote them.
That's costing no money.
That's for you, Nelson.
And by the way, somebody else who used those maple-y tickets, okay?
Sweetheart.
And some of you paranoid loot it takes over at the air-Canada.
Why don't you get a live too while you're at it?
You see, they're part of the problem too.
Because God only knows what kind of crap they told him.
Oh, on the arigas is chasing after you and he wants to be the interfering with you.
And who knows what they said.
Right.
Well, that's basically what freaked them out.
So, like I said, some of the people at air-Canada, maybe we could get a group, you go
over there like a shrink for some of my good friends over there at air-Canada for like
spreading all this psychosis and whatever, neurosis.
And I'm curious in a new window.
Because let's face it, I mean, we come to the world of perversion.
I'm not even in your league.
Not even close.
Right, you're close.
I'm trying to catch up at my advanced age, but I don't think I...
You got too much of a head start if you put in that expression.
Uh-huh.
Do you want to tell us about that plane trip last when you took?
No, I went to a great concert.
Yeah.
Mm-hmm.
No, about the plane trip, not the concert.
That was bumpy.
The concert wasn't on the trip.
It was bumpy.
Yeah.
And what about the flight?
Bumpy, too.
Uh-huh.
And who do you take on that trip?
I don't know.
You just said your daughter's not listening.
That's a matter of...
How young is too young?
Yeah.
And...
Nothing.
I don't remember.
So what?
Ha-ha-ha!
You said it sounded like O.J. now.
Next thing you know, really coming in there for meals.
Yeah.
He's out like, oh, does he come in?
Absolutely.
Now, do you take away the sharp silverware when Red comes in?
No, he's alright.
He eats a lot, man.
He does pack it in, man.
Uh-huh.
And the food too.
Very nice, guy.
In fact, you see that instrument over there on the table.
We have to eat the bar on that.
He did borrow it.
Did he?
And we were...
So, get back?
Packed that in, too.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty.
He's been, at least.
He said.
Those are his words.
I'm not making that up.
Maybe you'd like to even really take it with him.
What?
He took it with him.
Roy?
Yeah.
He was sitting up there.
We're talking about the Black Dillos since this is radio.
It was sitting up.
You see what the Jack Mark sign is up on.
I countered there.
Uh-huh.
It was sitting up there.
Ah!
Ah!
Brian.
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
I'm jagging on it.
Oh, I'll take over.
Peace along.
I am.
I'm choked on your fool.
Wouldn't that be a great way to die on your...
That would be good.
I choked on what Jeff's meatballs.
So, anyway, we were sitting up on a counter.
And he came in here looking for a free cigar, which he's an incredible free loader.
For a guy that I was OG.
And he saw the thing sitting up there.
Oh, I got to have that.
And he took it out of there.
And it was gone for days and days on end.
And one day he finally brought it back.
Looking...
I mean, keeping my...
This was taken pristine in virgin condition out of the box.
Doesn't look any wrong.
And you can see from there that it's like...
When well used, you need to take a baby wife to it.
Bracket.
Yeah.
I am.
I'm choked on your meatball.
I went down the wrong hole.
And the meatball too, yeah.
That's a very healthy back.
I said, what happened to that black thing?
You said it went down the wrong...
Orifice.
So anyway, Jeff Cohen says, come buy the pizza loft.
And if you look really hot in your horny and desperate...
Not true.
...tobby more than happy to hook you up.
And all you've got to do is bring your hot wives.
All you people that are getting nervous about the swing clubs, forget about them because
they're waiting those joints.
But if you come buy Jeff, you got this special room in the back.
Yeah.
What?
You're going to put me out of this?
No, I'll put you in business.
I'll increase your business 10,000 full while we're doing our food.
That's what I'm going about the swing clubs.
They'll come over there.
Jeff speaks a lot of pizza and swing clubs.
Would you have the empty store next door?
There you go.
Pizza's just a fruit.
I say go for it.
Uh-huh.
For a good pizza, ask, come buy the loft.
Are you slugged?
Yeah, you'll sense.
For a good pizza, ask.
Not the fastest, just the scored score.
There you go.
Okay, get out of here.
Okay, there's Jeff Cohen.
Did you mention any names before I come by?
I don't have any names.
I don't have any names.
You said there are no people in the media.
Some hot young chicks with big reds.
I didn't ask.
I said that.
I did not say that.
Yes, you did.
I said there's some good-looking girls in the media that I would like to date.
And they won't be far.
You have a lot of these rumors and you went out of the alley.
What you want here today would not even want to be seen with me.
And I don't blame you.
Why not?
You say.
Well, you don't care about the thing that's going to be seen with them.
Well, it's kind of hard to go out and not be seen.
Okay, like I said, trying to pay to my cop.
Oh, God.
Oh, my God.
This guy's worse than Don Sherry.
This is on the second- and now Goldstein.
Third time I had a dump of guests.
I don't even have any guests.
He says crap on you.
He's so embarrassed by the truth.
And it calls in Jeff Lanzanova.
How young is he?
How young?
Okay, excuse us.
Excuse us.
Yeah, please.
Well, are you out of your all set?
Yeah.
Here's a lady in North Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Oh, my God.
Okay, I'm a first-time listener.
I'm going to apologize.
I apologize.
I'm for joking.
It's me.
It's me.
Okay, listen.
I love you.
I can't give enough of you.
Okay.
Listen.
Okay, I wanted to comment on the baseball thing.
Right?
Okay.
This is what I'm thinking, right?
Oh, my God.
Come on.
I'm thinking that instead of spending all this money on this baseball stuff, right?
Okay, there's these children in other countries that are starving to death.
And we should get these people to have a...
Well, the ones in this country...
Oh, I'm sorry.
It's not going to be the first time in a country.
Okay, those two...
No, okay.
Okay, what you do is you take the country that's starving worst first.
Okay, you help them all.
Right?
We get these people hospital equipment.
We teach them to live off the land.
However, that we can.
You know, whatever the land is good for.
And we help these little babies have to have legs.
Okay, I'm not going to bother.
Listen, they have legs as big as my finger.
Okay, they need help.
They got ribs showing, right?
Yeah, Jeff Collins says he's got a leg as big as your finger too.
Oh, no, you did not.
I believe it.
What?
Don't you...
Instead of...
Instead of...
We have all this money.
We can have our country.
We can have our country too.
Don't you think?
Yeah, okay.
Have a great day, sweetheart.
Get out here.
Don't ever call me again.
56550560, 0.560 on the...
...mobile one line.
I'm still gagging on that.
Great deep balls, by the way.
Great food at the pizza lock.
Plus where else can you get this great entertainment?
By the way, Jeff came into closely with respect at Black Instrument that...
Roar!
...is good on me.
Here's Cutler Ridge.
Hello?
Make some more noise, Jeff.
Cutler Ridge, hello!
Okay, nice talk to you.
So here's my knee-b, chill out.
Hey Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
OK.
You were talking about our tiny before.
And it made me think of something.
I just wanted to call him behind, but my dogs.
When you start talking, my two dogs in my room,
outside my house.
So sit in front of the little radio,
and they play you.
They love you.
They can't go to the day they sit there.
And I just, I'm in there.
I'm big with dogs.
Not too big with people.
The dogs love me.
What?
We'll listen to this.
I'll leave.
And they'll be so calm and docile.
And they just, you just put them in this trash, right?
Yeah.
I come back from here.
At least I give you one for them.
So like, in here, you know, you're like the Hong Kong meal.
You watch the dogs for me.
And then I'll come back and Hank will be talking.
They are so neurotic.
When I, as soon as I get in, I shut off the radio.
I shut the gun dog.
I shut Hank off.
And the dogs, you get to steal.
They're, they're so freaked out.
They get so neurotic.
I'm surprised they don't start ripping out their own hair
like they do with, uh, leave them with your mom.
I, I, I, I, I, you tell you a telling story one.
No.
Okay.
Have a great day, pal.
I'll see you at Animal Control.
I'll say how to Bob Barker, too.
I do not.
God.
You blow too much.
You're in trouble.
Okay.
Let me just preempt the bit.
I'm not even going to play one right now, because I'm so, uh,
this is so amazing to me.
You just heard that promo.
330 to 730.
We have our four hours of herniotic dolphin coverage
for the exhibition game this Friday.
Countdown to kick off.
And then at 730, I don't understand this.
The whole game is on Waxi, 790.
And the first half is only on QAM.
But then at 930 on QAM, we have to join the Marlon Pogreg game
from San Diego.
So at that point, we'll say, oh, two number to 790 right now.
And here are the rest of the dolphin game, because we got a real important Marlon game on.
That he is.
You know something, John Henry, I'm going to tell you something.
When you pack up the Marlins and leave town, we're going to throw a big party.
Because then maybe we'll get paid on time around this place.
What's the Albatross around our neck?
Is it the dolphin?
No.
Is it the panthers?
No.
No, it's the Marlins.
The Marlins are the one.
That's why this station sued them and they sued back and everybody's suing everybody else.
Because it's an Albatross around our neck.
Even Stanley Dancer never saw an Albatross like this one.
Even Bert James from Windsor, Ontario never saw an Albatross like this.
Right, Jeff James?
That's right.
F and A.
5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60.
How do you like that?
I had a dump ponytail.
I had a dump Jeff Cohen here on the ear because he said, crap.
Nice going, Jeff.
And the purpose of his sitting down there, he wanted to prove that he's not a proverb.
So he can go out with these chicks from the media.
And I have to dump them because he says, s*** on the ear.
Yeah, nice job, sweetheart.
Here's their field B, Chilla.
Yes, Neil.
Can you give me some progress on Darryl Stroberry, how he's swinging his back?
Yeah, okay, swing this.
Here's their field B, Chilla.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You know, you are absolutely correct, sir, about the punks of the muds things.
You know, it is so true that 9 out of 10 people that own a newer model Mustang GT are young punks.
They don't know how to drive.
They're very small peanuts, right?
Exactly.
What they do, Neil, is they'll go to the dealership, they'll finance the car for 5 or 6 years because they don't have any money.
Uh-huh.
Okay. Then they'll take every penny that they have, they'll put it into the engine to try to make it as fast as a Corvette.
And all they're left with is a fast car with zero hand-wing capabilities.
That still looks like a piece of crap.
Looks like a piece of crap.
It has zero sophistication.
Right.
Okay. And if they do manage to pay the car off before they wreck it, which is very doubtful, then all they have left is a piece of crap with a blue book value of about $20 and $25 if it's convertible.
Right.
And that's the truth.
Very, you know, very few people.
There's a few girls who drive Mustang girls, but the ones with the newer model GTs.
I'll tell you what they do.
You show me a girl that drives a Mustang and I'll show you a real loser.
I'll tell you that right now.
Well, there's a few.
I mean, they can't afford a Corvette.
I have a $95.
I'll show you.
I'll show you a LIT, a lesbian and training.
I have a $94 Corvette with a 6-speed and it'll roast any stock Mustang out there.
Even faster than the $99 Corvus.
Okay. And the thing handles great.
I mean, it's everything you ever want.
The Bose Gold stereo, you know, I mean, you just can't beat it.
And after these kids, after they put all this money into this car, like I said, they're end up with a piece of crap.
They might as well just want to buy a Corvette in the first place and have a real car.
That's right.
And they get all upset about it just like the religious people.
They won't admit reality.
They'll defend it to the end and you're going to start getting some calls.
Thank you very much.
Okay. That was you.
I'll see you out there on Sheridan 441.
Okay, pal, right by the mobile station here.
56670560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a call in the Gables. Hello.
Hey, Neil, I got a Mustang, man.
And anytime, anyplace, I'll take your Wussy Corvette.
Yeah, huh.
Anytime you want.
Yeah, and by the way, that's the other thing.
People that drive Mustangs, they live in the Gables, a lot of them too.
Losers.
What's wrong with Google?
What's wrong with it?
It's only nice and sporty.
Oh, my goodness.
Most of the people are, I think, Nate Secchiantrake's systems in the Gables.
Anytime, anyplace.
Okay, good luck to pal.
Oh, okay, there's an adult.
He sounded like he was older than, you know, 15.
And he not only owns one.
He admits it in public.
I'm pretty embarrassed for a certain ice-cold pal.
Took a lot of balls to admit that.
Anybody over the age of 21, by the way, who drives a Mustangs,
now there is a person who really hasn't either outgoing as childhood,
or he's just a schlepper, one or the other.
56670560, 0560, on the mobile one line.
Here's plantation.
Hello.
Okay, nice hearing from you, too.
Here's a mobile in Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Okay.
You're trying to keep it real today.
The reason why I don't own a Mustangs is because when I drive by and pass somebody,
I don't want to look like a horse, is you know what?
Ask, yeah.
Let me talk to you about this situation here.
One thing I can't understand about the sports world in South Florida.
It just raised the dolphin's ticket, 20% per season ticket,
and they don't even sell out.
And the Marlins, further, the Marlins suck.
How could we possibly consider a stadium where the worst they've ever been?
At least they should have done that after they won the theory.
Again, the timing is inexplicable.
If Wayne had any brains at all, you know, after they win the World Series,
right there, you take the euphoria of the moment,
the whole town is behind them, everybody's, and leave on the...
I love you, Miami, oldest bullcrap.
That's when you go for the goddamn stadium.
Not after you're given the town two years of abject misery,
the worst Italy crap in the history of mankind.
No, we have to worry about it.
No, if it's whatsoever, and now you say...
Totally right.
Go ahead.
Do you get ten people anywhere in the same room that wanted to admit they fuck?
The Marlins suck.
Right.
You're going to have to admit that...
Even the 25 guys on the table, say they suck.
Who are these people that want to build a stadium?
I'm not hearing from them. I have no idea.
I don't understand it.
There's something that I don't understand about,
but two percent of rich people are trying to make the decision
for the real support of people like us.
Exactly.
It's crazy.
Have a good day.
And have a great life.
Oh.
I must be crazy. I must be nuts.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 out of mobile 1 line,
23 to 1 at QAN.
I'm not gonna get a fucking blow!
One, two, three, four, three.
The 19, I'd be three comellos.
From the country that invented rock and roll.
Come, Marlins.
I think this way, man.
From the country that gave you genie hands,
come, Marlins.
From the country that gave you heroin addiction.
Come, Marlins.
From the country that gave you living fast and dying young,
preferably by talking to them on your own vomit.
Come, Marlins.
The car for low-end losers will never own a Corvette.
You know, I'll be honest with you.
I'd rather have a Camaro any day of the week than a mouse thing.
I'll tell you that right now.
Because at least the Camaro is a nice living car.
It's sharp.
People don't look at a Camaro and say,
oh man, what an infant.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile 1 line.
We got 600 open lines and a board and probably one more than that.
Because this one says the mobile 1 is probably just got a ticket.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Neil.
I had to hang up before because I was getting pulled over and got a ticket.
So I just called you back.
Unbelievable.
Yeah.
But that's not what I call it.
What are you doing about?
90 in the 30?
Let's see.
95 and a 70 and the guy says that he pays me that he scratched it out and put radar.
So I'm going to try and beat that.
95?
Yeah.
Oh, you might have been on I-95 right?
Yeah.
Exactly.
Exactly.
I would have to keep that in mind, by the way.
Whatever highway you're on, that's the speed limit.
I-95, it's 95.
75, it's 75.
And I-
No, I-95, look out.
I was thinking I was hoping you were going to pick me up because I swear to God.
I was going to hand the phone to the top and have you speak on it.
But you didn't pick up.
Yeah, you better watch it, though.
Hey, I know you're a good newser.
It could be really bad news.
Yeah, but it would have made for an adventure's day.
Yeah, true.
So, all right, listen, this is why I'm calling you.
There are some real jackasses in this town.
I'm a big sports fan.
I go to the dolphins, got season tickets to the heat.
Go to at least 10 Panther games.
Had season tickets to the Marlins until after the World Series when they dismantled the team.
So, I'm telling you, I'm a sports fan and I would be one of the people that would actually support building the stadium.
But you've got to be a moron if you're going to build a stadium with what's going on around the country.
Take away our problems of building schools and just look at it even if you want from a minimal sports standpoint.
Look at Seattle.
They just built a new stadium.
They went $100 million over budget and they're asking the taxpayers to pick that up even though there was a contract that already said that the owner would take any over charges on the stadium.
You know what he's saying now, Neil?
That Griffey's got to go.
Hello?
I'm listening.
Oh.
Griffey's going to go.
Rodriguez is going to go.
Yeah.
So you tell me with the South Florida sports mentality when the team starts to suck like they do right now and people don't start showing up after we showed out all this much.
I know what you're getting excited about.
Okay, it's not important.
We survived for years without it.
Having a major league baseball team doesn't enhance any way the reputation of the city, the image of the city, the quality of your life, my life.
It doesn't make the education system any better.
It doesn't make the roads any better.
It doesn't make it a safer, more livable place.
It doesn't stop people from blowing each other's brains up.
It does nothing to it.
This is all propaganda done by a bunch of selfish, greedy, billionaire bastards who want to suck us into believing that we have to subsidize their fun and games.
It's a waste of money.
I'm telling you.
I mean, if we're going to do something to appease baseball fans here, take one of the freaking, I mean, stadiums are all right now.
Sir, we don't have any baseball fans here. Don't you understand that?
We don't have enough real baseball fans to support a major league team we never did have.
I'm a sports fan and I think baseball sucks.
And slow down.
Okay, he's got his radar turned on the screen a little bit.
Just slow down, pal.
Okay, do a 95 and a 70. He's calling here and he's crying about it.
Slow down, okay, pal. You're a little bit too whipped up and excited.
Worked up and the pissed out.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60.
Look at that. 600 open lines on the board here now.
We finally got a little momentum.
We had Jeff Cohen in here telling all kinds of obscene stories and a bleep of damn air.
And this audience is dead as a freaking door nail again.
God is this tongue. Just terminal, terminal, unbelievable.
I'll sit here and wait. I'll just sit here and believe that air and wait.
Or we'll just play JT.
That's what you're going to do.
That's what you're going to do.
That's what you're going to do.
That's what you're going to do.
That's what you're going to do.
That's what you're going to do.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
All of a sudden, just out of nowhere, they decided, well, we're going on strike now.
So you know what, that's for you.
That's for the South Florida audience.
No matter what it is, well, of course, we did pretty good there on it, 1% sales tax.
And like I said a couple of days ago, they kind of shot their load on that.
You got a little regenerate a little bit.
Give a chance to relax.
We'll go back into La La Land for a little while.
Sit around on a hot sun strike.
Yeah.
And then maybe, just maybe, they'll whip up a little bit of energy again.
Don't count on it. But maybe. We can hope.
Here's the mobile and cocoa beach. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Now you know why I pulled out of Brown County men. Coco Beach, that's the place to move.
That's what that.
I list 15 years of sunrise.
Oh, it works.
We're totally old ladies in sunrise lakes.
Then I moved to Palm Beach.
Yeah.
The parents that live in Palm Beach that's from the people that live in sunrise lakes.
Right.
And the parents of the people in Palm Beach live over in St. Pete.
And their parents live in four mires.
I have a question.
I'm a long time listener.
I never called to you.
First time I listened to you was back in 1979 with a shuttle blew up.
Right.
And that's all staying major was coming right behind you.
I miss a murky eye.
Beach the hell out of me.
He still live in on that two grand.
I loaned him.
I told you it was only 50 bucks.
Two grand. Now it's about 20 grand.
Listen, have a great life, pal.
Thanks.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
And by the way, Nick and Jeff in 98 to reason, not brothers.
Whoever told me they were brothers.
I just read the name line or notes.
They're not brothers.
Who's spreading all this propaganda?
Who doesn't know their goddamn music?
That's what bothers me about this town.
Nobody in this town knows music, which is why when you turn on the FM you want to puke.
That's that.
Yeah.
The worst music in history you'll find on the FM in this market.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
Anybody here who is 50 wins the course.
That's going to be a bag.
Yeah.
I forgot.
You're a fact.
Uh-huh.
And when one is a good material, star, pal.
Is that the best material that a guy that a month's old driver can get?
Ah!
Ha, ha, ha, ha!
I risked my case!
Sick judge Judy and I idiot, okay?
See, one thing about the Mustang.
This guy again, he's more than 21.
And he's embarrassed.
That's why he's so pissed off.
He's embarrassed because he knows that any guy over the age of 21, it's a kids car when you're 18, 19, one of your early cars, you know?
It's a Mustang.
And you juice it all up, you know, and make your real fast.
See, first of all, let me just tell you this.
I was just telling the old guy.
And by the way, Joe Costa, he'll apologize.
That all-erasing show he's on Saturday morning is causing a lot of people to die.
And he apologizes, but he needs the money.
But very seriously, when somebody goes into a dealership and says,
oh, I want to buy this car because it's real fast, a speed freak, which is usually young guys, or guys with a very, very tiny penis or who are impotent, or both.
Those people, we ought to have the guy, damn, speed demon police standing by.
The sales guy stalls around for a couple of minutes, and all of a sudden the speed demon police comes screeching and take the guy's driver's license away permanently.
Because that guy is going to kill some people sooner or later, probably sooner.
You show me a guy that buys cars because they're fast, and I'll show you a danger to our highways.
I'll tell you that right now.
Now, just because I have an NSX and two Corvette, don't assume, and because I did have two for our worries and a Porsche,
don't assume that because I have all those cars that I'm a speed demon because I'm not.
They happen to be great cars, and the thing of it is, if you have a car that can go fast, the feel under your foot.
That's what it's all about. The feel under your foot.
I'm glad you left the room because he gets nervous when you hear he hears about the feel under your foot.
Because he starts conjuring up images of what it might be under your foot and he gets real nervous with that foot fetish.
That anti-foot fetish.
And knowing that you've got the power under your foot, that's what it's all about.
The feel behind the wheel of the power under your foot, that's what it's all about.
Not being a child out there and seeing, oh, mine is big. It's a locker room thing.
Mine is bigger than yours, mine is faster than yours.
So all the drag racing is for a bunch of overwhelmed children, it's for adolescents, which is why to Mustang people are obsessed with that.
Because it's a car for adolescents.
And people would juvenile minds.
Real adults don't buy Mustang's.
Real adults, by the way, in fact, I never see kids driving Corvette's ever.
I mentioned the other day that, you know, we have this kind of fraternity.
Corvette, people, I'm talking about the friendly ones, not the assholes, but there's a lot of those.
But the friendly ones. And you see a guy, you give them the thumbs up or you wave or you're off the horn and you flip the lights, whatever you do.
Because people who are adults drive Corvette's day.
And it's not that expensive, it's 40 grand.
Yeah, for a punk like you, it may be expensive.
But 40 grand, I'm not talking about like 70 and 80 grand for those other expensive cars, for those overpriced hot-shot imports.
Who now needs to spend 80 grand for a car? When for 40 grand, you get a fantastic Corvette.
It's a beautiful thing. It looks great. It feels great. It rides great.
They got the rattles and all the bumps and all that crap out of there a couple of years ago.
What's not to like?
And so when you're driving around the highway and you look to see who's driving that that, it won't be some punk.
It won't be some pre-pubescent punk going through a second childhood sitting there.
It'll be some middle age or a little fag like me going through a third childhood.
That's what it'll be.
And so you can talk about fags all you want, pal. But this fag's got 299 Corvettes.
How you doing my heterosexual friend? How you driving it?
Where are you driving it?
Back to them. You have figured. Here's Pemberpine. Hello.
How you doing, Dale?
Great show.
Children with little play tours.
The thing that getting to me, Dale, is the fact here that they want a new stadium.
They can't put anybody in anything. They should move them over to the old Yankee Stadium and throw a lot of Dale.
That's about what this team is worth anyway. That could be nice to hold up.
Yeah, I'm originally from up north.
Up there we have Shay Stadium which is falling apart but you don't need people complaining about it.
Fenway which is falling down, everybody loves it. It's still get 35,000 out of it.
Yeah, but it's history Fenway. They're going to replace it.
Yeah, I know it's a shame. It really is. I was crying when they throw down the Boston Garden.
And I just want to say that...
Yeah, you got to love it. You know, you're right.
Every ruins game, man. All you got to do is watch on TV and there's all those people disguised as empty yellow seats.
Yeah, I got you there. I mean, I love the old garden where you couldn't see. You'd be sitting behind a pole.
Just like in Toronto, man. Maple Leaf Gardens was one in a million.
It was the greatest place to watch a hockey game in the world. And now they got the air Canada Center.
It's still the inside of an oxygen tent.
Yeah, well, I just want to... I'm actually a Ranger fan.
But then I finally got my cup and I'm wishing that someday you get your cup. Hopefully this year.
Yeah, well, I still got my four. I'm an old fart. So I still got the four. I'm spooky.
Have a Rakey pen. I don't remember. Take care.
Yeah. I remember, let's talk some old Lee Tockey, huh? Let's do that. You want to do that?
No. That'll be the end of the show. Come on. Let's talk about Bobby Polford and Dick Duff and Davey Keon.
In fact, Mahavallich and the Bill Stewart. And what was the name of? I'm Stewart.
And Billy Harris. Let's do that. Johnny Bauer, Terry Sajok, Don Simmons.
Who? What? What are you talking about?
By the way, Nelson, how's those hockey tickets coming, okay?
Very nice.
Delusional.
5.6705.60, 0.560 on the mobile one line.
See, I'm going to become a hermit from now on.
I'm not talking about my life as far as I enjoy it. I'm just talking about when I go to a public place.
I'm just going to be a hermit. Like at the airport, put blinders on. Don't talk to me. I won't look at you.
I'm just here to get on a goddamn plane. Okay, that's all. Just they need to hell alone.
And that goes for all my psychotic good friends at your Canada too, okay?
Get yourself some psychiatric help, okay? Get a life with the good start.
All you silly fagglers over there.
Here's West Palm Beach. Hello?
Yes, hello, Neil.
Speaking.
Yes, I had a core red, man. There was a piece of crap.
And I bought a Mustang man. It's the best car ever.
It's a crap pal.
And I'm going to be born.
It's a crap, crap, crap pal. Sounds like you would fit in a Mustang like OJ's of Hand in that glove.
Just slip it right in there, baby.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's Miami. Hello?
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
You're saying that the city of Miami is dead?
Yeah, okay.
Let's talk to some real people, okay?
Not people that sound like they just came out of a goddamn drunken stupor.
Let's talk to some real people who can really speak the language, all right?
That's going to be a prerequisite on this show from this moment on.
I'm tired of talking to an inarticular tool.
Yeah, you're just a street.
What?
What you be speaking, man.
Speak English.
Articulate.
Move your lips a little bit, okay?
Take your teeth out of the fizzy glass and stick them in your mouth a little bit before you make a phone call to a radio show.
To a high-paid show like this one where maybe tomorrow I'll get my goddamn bonus.
Maybe.
Don't be trusted out of it.
But who knows with this outfit?
All right.
I can already envision what's going to happen here tomorrow.
Oh, they're overniding it today.
Remember the last time I had a problem a couple of months ago.
And they were overniding.
Well, the FedEx guy forgot to pick up the package or whoever was not FedEx.
What's the other one?
The Airborne Express guy.
Forgot to pick up the package.
Yeah, right.
These people have got more goddamn stories than Carter's got pills.
And let me say it again.
If I were Greg Reed, which thank God I'm not, I would bring Neil Rogers bonus check and his paycheck in here on a silver platter.
And I'm not asking for it on a silver platter.
I'm just asking for it when it's due.
Wow.
Well, he sure is a pain in the ass, any?
He wants to get paid when he's supposed to get paid.
What a prick he is.
It's 12.56 in 5.60 WQM, your bankrupt station for the 90s.
More trading out, I think.
Oh!
It's too late.
And I have to lose my day.
It's too long to do our work.
Hey guys, have you ever wanted to tell your girlfriend what's really on your mind?
Like when she asked,
Did he have kids make me that fat?
Well, now you can.
With the Mr. Hanking Method Service.
Hello?
Howdy, ho!
I hear that you're having a little weight problem.
You mean?
That's right.
You got more kids than a Chinese phone bug.
What the fuck are you talking about?
With the Mr. Hanking Method Service, you can get it all off your chest.
And she'll never even know it to you.
Oh my gosh, you're a taxi steaks.
I can smell it all the way over here.
You little muck.
Girl, tell you you piece of shit.
If her ass is getting big, let her know.
Call 1-800-Hanking-1.
OK, 102-5-60 WQM.
Hanking-2, Hanking Goldbird over here at 2 in the studio.
And then we got Donnie be talking that baseball crap and we got the giant note out.
Yeah, the giant's again.
Oh, and tomorrow we got a ball game at 12.30, by the way.
We're preempted last hour and a half.
Let's have a damn party at Mommy's house tomorrow.
Let's hear it.
I got it here nice and early.
5, 6, 7, 8, 8, 8.
Oh, and by the way, during the news, during the news, right?
Do we have news on this day?
I don't want to joke that.
You're in a commercial break.
Somebody called in who said they don't want to be identified on the year.
Did someone speak on the year?
Somebody who recognized his voice?
Obviously a four-dealer.
He says that one thing that must-daying drivers all have in common.
Everyone who drives a must-daying suffers from genital warts.
Okay?
So when you walk up to somebody in a must-daying,
you just stop alongside somebody in a must-daying like a stop line.
Just roll the window and I'll say, hey, pal, what's new?
And then get back in the car real quick and block the doors.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's Kendall. Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Speaking of all this insanity with this stadium, total insanity,
how about playing that baseball bat?
I think it's the one with Darrell Strawberry, sniffing ball and balls.
You know what's living bowling balls?
Yes, sniffing balls.
Sniffing balls, yeah.
You can play that bit.
No.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T line.
You know, they're all strawberry sniff balls, huh?
Maybe that's why I want to get back in the locker room real quick.
Here's Hollywood. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Works new. That's pretty funny.
Listen, I had a 1967 Mustang grand new.
Well, 1967 was a real car.
1967.
Yeah, that was okay.
And I have to take exception to you comparing a bargain size to an ACORN.
I mean, I'm hung like a Mustang.
Orcs' wish they have what I have.
Yeah.
And the shower, I looked like a horse's ass, I think, is what you're talking about.
Back to them.
Yeah, he's got one of those from Hedito.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Some desperate people with some real stale material today, boy.
You can smell it all the way over here.
Here's a payphone in Miami. Hello.
Hey, Neil, how's it going?
Okay, sir.
Listen, two things.
People that drive Mustangs are only greasy skitties.
And the other thing about baseball, baseball is like for people
that are over 70, have nothing to do on a Saturday afternoon,
and just sit home and fall asleep between them.
You know what I'm saying?
I mean, I tried to send to a baseball game once, and I fell asleep.
Yeah.
You know, I woke up.
You know, now that you mentioned it, the idea of watching an entire baseball game,
I was thinking this the other day when I was channel surfing on a small dish,
the idea of watching an entire baseball game from start to finish,
it's so unacceptable to me that I can't imagine that anybody could do it.
Hey, Neil, can I call somebody to dish back?
No.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line, which is why you'll notice,
even when the early 705 start, even in games that are close,
that are competitive, when it gets to be about the sixth or about the seventh inning,
you watch those very rare occasions, when a pullback in the camera shows you
the wide angle shot, and you can see the 1500 people are left in the stadium.
You take a look at how many people are left there, baby.
Somebody gave them the tickets or somebody sucked them into buying the tickets already,
so they felt they had to use them, but thought expected them to hang around too long.
That's how it's assimilating it is.
That's how captivating it is.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's Davy, hello.
Hey, how you going, Neil?
Yes, sir.
I thought I would talk a little bit of hockey.
Why?
Well, you like the Maple Leafs?
Yeah.
Open, Gemma, Ack, Toblai.
Yeah, okay, great.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60 here, old ballard foster, you let the, yeah, that's pretty interesting.
That's a great conversation, a list of names.
That's really talking hockey, baby.
How about Brian Glynnie?
Huh?
How about Spinner Spencer?
How about Eddie Shack, Red Kelly?
Yeah, now we're talking to him real hockey, a list of names.
Oh, I'm getting goosebumps.
Are I?
No.
No.
Here's Fort Lauderdale, hello.
Yeah, no, no, how are you, Kevin?
Sir.
I'm just wondering at the radio station how many people reach the wide east,
these leaves don't have an 800 number.
Because they're cheap.
It's nothing complicated.
The same reason I don't have my bonus check today when it was due because they're cheap
and because they don't want to spend any dime that they don't have to.
The 800 numbers, not even expensive, I have friends with mine that have them in their own.
Yeah.
I mean, they're...
Oh, how embarrassing is that?
Let me try to, let me try to, because maybe you missed the story earlier, okay?
Okay.
One of our people that works off the year here went to office depot yesterday.
Yeah.
He was picking up a few odds and ends, you know, like staples and things like that.
And he brought a mouse pad for $1.58, okay?
With the mouse pad.
For computer, for some under your mouse, you know.
Okay.
You put it under your mouse if you have one.
Yeah.
And so he brings it back and our...
We call her the Water Noughts, the office manager, the Ava Brown of the place,
who talks like this because she smokes too many cigarettes.
She said, don't ever do that again.
We have plenty of those.
This cost $1.58.
I'm not making a story up, sir.
And she bitched him out and cursed him out because he had the audacity to spend $1.58 of the company's money on a mouse pad.
Wow.
Do you get the message now?
You guys are cheap.
Now you got it.
Well, can Greg read help?
No, yeah.
There you go.
There's a rocket scientist laying Mr. Big Shot with a beastly than his wife's money.
Yeah.
Greg read.
He's going to dig down deep.
And you know what he comes up with when he digs down deep?
Oh!
Yeah, that.
$5.670560, $5.60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a call from Rhode Island.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How's it going with you?
The most things in American icon.
Yeah.
Those rattly piece of crap.
Yes, sir.
So is what I ever posied doing.
I'm a hodiac firebird.
I'm going to come in the firebird or discontinue.
Let me ask you how many corvettes of you owned.
I haven't owned any.
So how do you know about them?
I know people that own them.
They rattle.
No, they don't.
They got the rattles out.
I hate to break the news.
I screaming hysterical friend who doesn't know what he's talking about.
The last two years, every single last rattle has gone from the corvette.
Oh, you got lucky because it costs $8,000.
You get a tune up on that hunk of metal crap.
Sir, so let me add that again.
There's nothing like having an asshole call in who does nobody's talking about.
It doesn't cost $8,000.
In addition to which you don't get a tune up on a corvette.
Pass a history.
Nor would it get to tune up anymore.
Okay.
I hate to break the news to you, sir.
You're a little bit confused with the news.
You don't know your ass from your elbow.
Correct.
Calls allegedly from Rhode Island on his day.
I'm going to tell you a big song in advance.
You know, you talk about something important.
And you sit here and I pump the numbers and pump the numbers.
And can't buy a guy the em phone call.
But you get on here and argue about, you know,
mine is bigger than yours is.
There's some stupid crap like that.
And all these jackasses like him call all the way from Rhode Island and tell me how he has a mouse dang.
I wouldn't have mounted pal.
I keep it a secret.
Somebody your age.
That would be like saying you got a Roy Foster blow up doll, you know?
Even Roy.
Even he'd be embarrassed.
I'd enjoy it.
Get the hoover out the moon, man.
I'm going to tell you a big song.
I'm going to tell you a big song.
I'm going to tell you a big song.
And when you get in jail,
that way the people stand at the table come in.
When it's long to hear.
It's all time bad.
Fire, tears, that's all of the nights.
So it gets to a place where you still are right.
You still know T.
The simple ship won't tell my way.
You still got to save these folks,
so be a dad's and dad's and shoes,
and try to use it even because it's going to be receiving it,
saying a lot, saying a lot.
Nothing is weird to see you.
I'm an experienced buddy, saying a lot, saying a lot,
ah, ah, ah, saying a lot, saying a lot,
ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah.
One 14 at 560 WQM,
five 6705, 60 pond five, 60 on the AT&T line.
we're taking a poll today by the way
anybody want tax money for the new stadium we talk to sixteen hundred
eighty three people and every one of them said
each and every one
including john Henry called it
here's highly a hello
meal yes sir
i want to uh... voices i don't know if anybody has brought it up
supposedly if
the new stadium is built
then the fans of the dolphins are going to wander on stadium two
you know what does that mean
the dolphins are ready to have their own stadium right
one would have retractable
yeah
so you know that we've got it for the
mallon
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t one of
your people by the way
here's a lady in north Miami hello
hello yes man
uh... my name is after i sent a letter to neoclet
and i read it this morning on here and i want to thank you for that
it was great
the other thing is that we can't keep
pushing people
keep knocking their heads together with a hell of a
yeah i'm not paying for
this guy yeah i love the people at call and say all we understand it's already
a done deal
there were people saying the same thing about the penny sales tax and they were
going to find some other way to do it that's below me i mean when you take
the fetish attitude like that that's like just throwing the towel and saying
okay you go ahead and do whatever you want with our money will just sit back
and take it
how about the middle school and hospitals and roads and really how much
you know the other words out there in west brow not by the acres where i live
i don't have to have a lot of you don't really don't need all that nonsense
right don't want it don't even have small kids and the overwhelming majority of
us wouldn't go that's the point the idea the idea that this is some kind of a
public project that's for the public benefit it's a private business it's like a
restaurant a grocery store a gas station it's a private business right and why
should we subsidize them right
and we're not really getting anything out of it i mean look at this suppose
that wonderful build up that they gave for uh... pp stadium
nothing happened there i'm yeah yeah i said that this morning take a look at
the areas of the revitalization there's no there are shopping
settled on echoed wall green anything but i'm saying
but anyway i just wanted to thank you okay i still keep it up you have a good
one and don't forget what john he said i must be crazy i must be not
but
he just keeps saying that over and over again you want to know why i must be
crazy i must be not because he must be both of the above
the thing that we're going to get sucked into this because the newspapers put
that eternal there all this is wonderful bring the ballpark to brown when
in doubt hammer it out hammer this that
hammer it out
even a hammered by that you know i'm talking about
that's right that's right that's right that's right that's right that's right
right up your ass with your god damn bull crap at the sun sent me to you know
wouldn't be great i mean what a breath of fresh air if we had like an alternative
like a real new i'm gonna talk about city Lincoln new times because nobody reads
those unfortunately but i'm talking about like the village voice like an
alternative newspaper in this time where they had some guys with some balls
who weren't owned by the establishment who actually uh... told it like it was
who had to cut the step out and say you know if we had casinos here the last
15 or 20 years we wouldn't have to worry about where the money was coming from
for education and roads and whatever and uh... venues and whatever else you want
to build we'd be up to our god damn eyebrows in money
oh we don't want that and if you're not sure just read both the local newspapers
they'll tell you every five or six weeks just to make sure that we don't want
that evil one i'd band it
here's cool gables hello cold gables yes sir okay how you doing okay you sound
all worked up and that's good
nilo's in Toronto a few weeks ago and i needed a haircut late in the day yes what
do i find in the phone book but nils haircutting uh... on queen street i'm not
making this up yeah anyway i had a lot of queens in Toronto i had a sixty six
multi-curt street i had a sixty six mustang i when i was a kid but today i'd
kill for a sixty six quartet sixty seven would be good
six sixty seven straight window there you go
oh you do you want anything straight on here have a nice day and back to you see
on church street isn't ironic that all the queens are on church street in Toronto huh
just like having a red light district around the old church and i'm stood on
anybody going to church there no there are a lot of people on their knees though in that area
five six seven oh five no chance
andy from hollywood you're good with that whining voice you're saying one you're saying
crack your voice i want like a pread listen and keep in mind this guy just got married a few weeks
ago allegedly to that poor unsuspecting broad why did you listen to me no the answer is still
no you're an asshole you're a civil then you are more on even the people in the audience who
don't know who you are they hate you like poison they have andy from hollywood voodoo dolls
they wish that they could stick your ass at the top of a volcano just before it erupts
you could be the lava poster boy andy
and we're not talking about soap either but don't drop it
they probably does drop it when his buddy Greg comes down from Portian Lucy
five six seven oh five sissy i hear their bunk but buddy is what i hear in pond five sissy on the
18t wireless line here's a mobile in maple hello hey new yes sir you know the 90 99 set it looks
awfully lot like the 1990 actor in a sex does that bother you that you're grabbing a rip off you
a partner no it doesn't look anything like it in a sex
is that it that's the end of his material yeah no it doesn't bother me at all
i have no problems with any of my cars and i hate to break the news you but i also do have an
NSX just for assholes like you that we want to bring it up they don't look anything at all alike
now one thing i will say none of the above look anything like a Mustang thank god
i mean you know so it's fast i mean if you want to sacrifice the looks of a car and the
respect of the public and you want to drive a car that at least you can go to a soup up and make
fast great you got it and people are driving by they're going oh there's a loser in a Mustang
must be about 16 years old and i don't think what genuine young guys out there 16
like i said like a training ride everybody's got to start somewhere it's a good beginning
automobile 16 18 19 once you're 20 at that point that's when you think of unloading that piece of
crap and getting a real car something real like even a geo would be a step up at that point
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Hyundai would be like two steps up here's Delray Beach hello
shall it Andy from Hollywood at his nuts up in his wreck the lock
there's races starting to crack a lot
just want to get my two cents all these people out in the road man i'm driving around every day
yeah listen people you gotta move it all right i'll be stopping at green lights
slowing down 20 miles an hour figure out where you want to go then get in your car
yeah i'm saying yeah i can't keep it thinking no more you that's why there's red rage out there
sometimes i want to roll up your car and some of these people
i'll take some license numbers down pound okay i'm waiting i was waiting for the great
A-stuff it never came 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
here's Miami hello hello nio yes eight nio is a let's try it in your coconut grove
i saw some off the side of the road it almost made me have an accident yeah there's a billboard
right on bird road and dixie highway right off bird road it says k-posa and sports it's all in
Spanish yeah it has a picture of a guy that looks just like you yeah i'm most right off the road
because i thought you're gonna be doing like some Spanish sports talk show oh it's out of the
bag i guess yeah that's gonna be on laughing i swear you better call your lawyer man they're like
ripping off your likeness i think these holy sports nerds are gonna start doing a circle
circle and they see that thinking that you're gonna be you know talking marlin's baseball and
esponial or something you know i just want to let you know that okay okay mucis gronsius better
read that other call might be ed Mcman and esponial it might be Nelson 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 well i
heard it's a big human name and pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line that's what George always
says in between the right and the numbers down on the yellow legal pad and reading city link magazine
and screaming of people at the don't like him that's all right once he gets back from
north here line his brains will be like you're all here now to get some fresh here up there maybe
here's hollywood hello hello yes sir yes i knew uh change a piece here i think it uh i'd appreciate
if you could uh play that song that's not a change a pace that's a request that's not a
i've got a phone call okay it's a change a pace when it's a request sit not apart you know of course
now i'm not gonna play sitting on a bench in del ray if not sitting on a park
put it in park okay pal get out go over to the side of the road sit down on the ground
kind of play your navel and just uh you know get a life
go to change a pace could you play sitting on a park in your rainous no i don't think so
but have a nice life god
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 he must also have to end the award he don't even have a Mustang he can't
afford one he probably takes the bus we don't want to make fun of you people arrive to bus
but uh we are we're laughing at you here's a north Miami beach call hello
neo yes sir how are you great listen to how people arrive to bus
they start laughing already listen i got a couple of comments to make on the stadium
issue that you were talking about yeah i am all for a new team for the photo model and
i don't mind supporting it i don't mind paying my card and money well great you go ahead and
pay for it then i don't mind doing it and i'm sure there's some people out there that don't mind to
um what i mean everybody knows it's not gonna dance i won't get into it but i would
know what song in advance what they did to the team and everything but they got to understand it
it's not mr henry's barb he needs to they read both oh let me ask you that when he's thinking
that he's ready way man man tie and leave on and all these guys no no no okay i know
okay i know i just want to double check no but it's i know it's frustrating and
and i don't know so what does that mean it's frustrating you're just talking double
off having all these young kids and they're losing and everything but they want four in a row
yeah oh that now there you go that's gonna turn them everybody in town around you know something
there's still nobody going out there sir and there nobody and if they won every game from
not only in the season there still would be nobody that would care except you don't
to understand that if you want to pay for it you pay for it the overwhelming majority of us don't
want to pay for because we're not going there i just want everyone to know i rather have tax
money go to stadium then to school and you know something coming from you it sounds like it
that makes all the sense in the world coming from you i think stadium is a very important yeah okay
thank you they're right there let's hear it let's go let's be crazy yeah let's hear it there is
the guy that's john henry's boyfriend i think called in there sitting ovation with this guy
he's afraid that somebody might get an education believe me they don't have to go to school to
be brighter sounding than you are sir you're a dullard
god the word stupid would be a compliment for this guy be an understatement
idiotic pathetic i mean exactly this is Larry king and they don't come any better than the
ok
back
strike
Take your clothes off, gee, it's just...
I brought a whole thing down that I can do to fit.
Taking a perfect room, love is bad.
You can't leave out a spell just to tell where it's at.
How young is he, young?
When you, old...
Say yes!
Say yes!
Say no!
People do the same to me.
Bad guys,
G Marks,
Cheat Link out of bait of old, good deed!
But I take you to the show, do not fell.
We need this case, my daughter's a towel.
And y'all!
And y'all!
And y'all!
That's it, it's me, y'all!
These boys on VH1, Brian Wilson crazy than a bedbuck.
Won't get out of bed.
He's hung in a real tight in the teddy bear too.
Come on, John, put it there.
In the period.
Come on Brian, it's 40 afternoons, get out of bed sweetheart.
Put saying in my room.
We're saying your room.
Look at that, what does that say?
Oh, enough to make you puke.
Well, hey listen, those of you who want to live in the past, you know, that's the big thing now with this Millennium business.
We keep revisiting now its water gate this week and before with the 60s and it was Woodstock and Woodstock 99.
And how many women are getting raped, it's great.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Hylia, hello.
Hello, Nioh.
Yes.
How are you?
Great.
I'm a big girl, I must be nuts.
What is it?
Read my lips, no new stadiums.
Yeah.
Don't get anybody back that plan.
Nioh, I don't know if anyone's ever called to let you know this, but on a late night David Letterman, he put on Larry King, looks like an owl.
And whatever to call you, let you know that.
Yeah, okay, thanks, know that.
So you started to talk like Larry that, and this and that and them and these and those, you know what I'm talking about Larry?
I've been doing this a long time.
Yeah, I know.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Got 27 minutes to kill here.
It's going to be a battle right up to the two o'clock.
We've always put the beach boys back on here.
Endless summer, endless harmonies, endless neurosis.
Here's a mobile in Miami, hello.
Nioh.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, listen, about this stadium thing, I think they should go play at that stadium that we paid for down in Homes, that's empty.
And if that ain't good enough for them, I think they should go play at the Miami stadium.
You know, you know, John Henry's got that big 160 foot, a 5 foot, got up there in Juneau, Alaska.
I think Juneau would be great place for them, you know.
Especially this time of the year.
Yeah.
Good night, yes, go ahead.
And the other thing, have you seen those new bumper stickers they got out now to say, WWJD?
No.
The standing for what would Jesus do?
No.
Yeah, they got all those out.
What would Jesus do?
What would Jesus do?
And they got t-shirts, bumper stickers, hats, they got these people are going nuts over that.
And that's what good rates I know what he'd do.
He'd say, stick it up, yes.
Does anybody say, okay, thanks.
What do you think, Jesus?
Stick it up for that.
Thank you.
I think he had a point, maybe.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 5, 60, on the AT&T, Wattlustin, they get crazy and crazier.
You think it's only Brian Wilson, huh?
The religious nuts out there.
The intolerant crazy people are going to force it all over us to us.
As crazy as they want to be.
Now, you know this is going to be a short call, okay?
I'm predicting that right now because it says, Portsein Loosely.
Now, how many people do you think could be possibly calling here?
Unless, yeah, see it is.
What did I tell you?
What did I tell you?
Greg and his boyfriend, you know, I guess they're doing a little phone sex right now back and forth.
You can hear the...
Squared, squared.
Voice your on the outside of the phone there.
Must have dropped it in the goddamn fishbowl.
Because it's your one, nothing else.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Whatever the hell it is.
Moonshine.
Hey, remember, Mike Moonshine, by the way?
Oh, from the old W's, news days.
How's LA Gray and Mike Moonshine doing, by the way?
How's my old buddy Siddlervin from KAT doing, huh?
How come I never...
How come I never get a note from Siddlervin?
Saying, boy, I put you on your 23 years ago, Neil.
I'm sure I'm embarrassed by it.
How come on the last book came out?
We never had nothing from Bob Green and our my good friend Cheryl over there at Cox Broadcasting.
They got nothing else going on over there.
That company keeps buying up cable companies in this company and that corporation and billions for this and billions of...
They couldn't squeeze a few bucks out to keep us going over there at IOD.
Could they...
No.
Couldn't do it.
Cut us loose the passion who paid me off for seven months.
Thanks a lot Bob and Cheryl.
And Bob Neil.
All you other great robbers up there in Atlanta.
Crackers up there.
Yeah.
Yeah, I heard that WSB, okay.
I'll try to keep it a secret.
Neil Boots.
Oh my gosh.
Oh, what a station ed is.
The flagship station of Cox Broadcasting.
WSB in Atlanta.
You can...
They all have that...
You know, I'm in the lot because they got one finger in the nostril all the way up to their brain.
Hey, if you keep your finger in the eye, yeah, it needs to sound like that.
That's what they all sound like up there at WSB.
And it fits in like you go up to...
Talk about a cracker town.
All they do up there is...
Boy, so this brains out.
Make it us look good.
Thank God we're not in Atlanta.
Let's hear it.
Talk about a bad sports town.
Wow.
The Hawks.
The Falcoons.
The hockey team that disappeared, but it's going to make a short return.
But we'll be very long.
The thrasers, right?
And then of course we got the Braves,
which up until the last five years when they were the division ever year.
And even now, you know, when they feel like showing up,
they finally built up a new stadium up there too.
And the novelies already were in off.
Fony, Fony, front running, Fony's up there.
There's a busy shooting truck.
There's so many gate traders.
That's the problem.
You don't want to be a gate trader in Atlanta, I'll tell you that.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
I'm calling the...
I'm sick of hearing about all these stadiums being built.
All over the US, even out here in Miami.
And, you know, like for example, the Miami Arena.
Now what's baking, what are they going to do with it?
What if they just...
Don't you understand they're going to move from Haley?
They're moving the cock fights over there.
Yeah.
Oh, it's going to be great.
Oh, yeah.
Then I'll get out of Jose's backyard over there in Haley.
We're starting to attract a lot of bad elements.
Move it down the inside.
You know, like, next thing we'll be hearing,
or two years from now, they're going to want to build a new stadium for the dolphin.
Right.
That's right.
You know, what's working for them?
And then, then, two years after that, the Macarena,
that'll be antiquated, be fallen apart.
We need new arena for the Panthers.
Oh!
Oh, yeah, of course.
You better get with the menu.
Better we examine your own priorities.
Get your value straight now, Mr.
It's a sports world.
It's the sports nerds that rule the world.
Not...
Just saying no to the sports nerds
to the lifeless idiots that worship the jockstrap.
That's their problem.
What's your closet queens if you ask me?
And believe me, I know.
I know all about it.
You can smell them a mile away.
You show me a guy that hangs out like a dolphin practice,
and I'll show you a real faggot, okay?
Make no mistake about it.
A screaming flaming queen
that probably likes to dress up in lace panties late at night.
I'm out of good torture.
Yeah, the best food was nice,
but maybe we can go see a movie now.
What for?
I thought it would just be kind of nice.
I think you should just shut up and get naked.
Well, alright.
Good evening, young cheapskates.
Who the hell are you?
Yeah, where's the regular guy?
I'm the man!
What?
Out on a cheap date, are we?
Yeah, what's with the pony?
Never mind that.
Looking to just score and get hold of right?
Yeah.
So why pay for the good stuff?
You're right.
Condom man!
Hi!
Don't worry, young lady.
These condoms are as safe as I am.
Steady on my stallions.
Hey, watch out for that.
Low branch.
Out on a cheap date?
But why splurge?
Track condom brand condoms from...
Condom man!
One size fits all, but you leakage may occur.
Not made from a real substance.
143 at 5.50 WQAM.
Well, I got 17 minutes to go.
I think we might make it today.
And then of course, I think what I'm going to do, I'm going to send a messenger, a spy,
in the morning and find out if that bonus check is here.
And then if it's here, then I'll come over a little bit late.
And if not, here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello?
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Great show.
I just want to tell you, you don't call it a Mustang.
You call it a Me Too.
When you're at a party in high school and you're talking to all your buddies and they say,
hey, what kind of car do you have?
You have a Mustang.
And they say, oh, Me Too.
Yeah.
But when you're in high school and you're in high school...
You're in your high, thank you.
And these Mustang owners, they all have an IQ of gathered up of maybe about five and a tall...
...all in the wrong head if you know what I mean.
Right.
Thank you.
Okay, thanks for the good news, sir.
Me Too.
Not.
567-0560.
You know, see, that's one good thing.
All you Mustang drivers out there is that someday you'll grow up maybe if you're lucky.
And you own a real car.
Something to look forward to.
I mean, when you have good cars, it's great.
Although the one thing you do have to look forward to is like next year's model, the brand new one.
You know, it's got the smell and the look and the feel of a brand new car that leather.
Oh, God, you can smell it.
567-0560.
You pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Hank Lover, he'll be here at two.
He says, just say John Henry.
No.
What did John Henry say to Hank?
I must be crazy.
I must be nuts.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Steve.
Tell Henry to call me to call you up and say hello.
Okay, thanks.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
First time long time.
How's it going over there?
Great.
You know, real quick, I heard somebody in line that worked talking about the whole thing with the Carnival cruise lines.
Where they released that the figures that the crew members were raping customers.
Right.
What do you know about that?
What do you know?
What do I know about it?
What was in the newspapers the same as you know?
Yeah, I just heard some people talking about it.
I really didn't get the story on what it was all about.
I saw them in some other customer.
One worker had sex with another worker or something?
No, not workers.
There were workers having sex with customers.
Melisting, raping, feeling, grabbing, squeezing.
Oh, we can't.
And in Epidemic it is going on over the years.
And finally, now at this late date, our release in the numbers.
Of all this embarrassment.
Okay, thanks.
Okay. All the more reason to just say the Mickey, okay?
Just slip in the Mickey.
You want to have yourself a great time?
Don't go on a cruise.
That's my own personal advice.
Don't you want what?
The year out again?
Yeah, we're switching over here.
So my inner con doesn't work on the board.
The AC is going out.
It's starting to get real smarmy in here.
Thank God it's recorded too already.
Or I would walk out.
That's this place for you, man.
That's this place.
Everything fall in the part.
Because it's the diesel-rear way.
The cheapest, the crappiest.
I remember when they were going to originally build the studios over here.
Which is what?
About two years ago.
Before I even started on here.
And then all of a sudden we heard the construction had stopped.
There were no more erections going on in the building.
At least that we knew of.
I mean, it's an exception.
Come to find out that they hadn't paid the contractor.
Contractor kind of took a, they kind of amused.
Took a hire to sort of hire this road.
Because they hadn't been paid in a while.
And so there was a little bit of a low there while they took up a collection over there.
And they posted the diesel-rear head quarters.
Which is probably what they, you know, didn't go cuff up all that money for Wayne and John Henry.
Just on time.
Let me say it again.
Anybody can play big with somebody else's money or with if come money.
And by the way, speaking of assholes, the Paxon people.
God, you talk about being born with a horse, you up your...
Correct them.
Wow.
Anybody see that thing in the business section now?
The FCC, as you saw the other day in their infinite wisdom, is now allowing TV companies to do the same thing they did with the radio companies.
And that is gobble up all the TV stations.
Now they're allowing broadcasts to own two TV stations in one large market.
And so the Paxon people, with all that crap that they got, that Paxnet that they're losing their ass on,
the Paxon people are doing what they always do.
They're selling.
They're selling.
They're selling.
And they're selling.
Buy and sell.
Buy and sell.
It's like the old home schlock network that he started with.
Same thing.
And Paxon says, oh, we could have a great opportunity if someone wanted to come in and buy the entire group and pay a heck of a premium.
Ha ha ha.
Yeah.
And that's what's going to happen.
You mark my words.
Just like he sold the whole broadcast group, his radio thing, he'll sell all TV stations.
The all these schlock might do is we're going to come in.
And this is really great for the public.
And the FCC continuing to allow the whole broadcast industry to be choked off and then controlled by just a small handful of large, gigantic corporations.
Totally, totally against the interest of the public.
And totally against the interest of the people that work in this industry.
Now the FCC is still concerned about what we say, crap on here too much, but other than that, they don't care.
So first they let that must carry rule go by two or three years ago, they passed that and said, oh yeah, you've got to carry every single on the market, even if it's buddy buttoned at crappy packs that he's got, which at the time was something even worse.
You got to stick that on your cable must carry.
So that was a boom that he even he didn't expect to get.
And now they come along with this crap.
And after all these months and months and months that packs that's been taken up, gigantic dumping that Paxon stock has been in the crap along with the Wayne stock.
Now all of a sudden he falls into another gigantic bucket of crap.
Nice going buddy bud and thanks for the seven months of pay for doing nothing.
Thank you so much.
And you know something even then what I wasn't working and I used to have to drive down there to make sure I infect right down the road here, right down the 441, few more blocks.
And I used to have to drive down there every Monday to make sure that I got my check.
But you know something every Monday I went there to the Paxon building and they had my check for not working right on the dotted line.
There was not the day after it was due, not two or three days or whatever they felt like delivering it, but there it was on the day that it was due every Monday, which is the arrangement we made.
And I wasn't even on the air then.
I was being paid off for several months to go have a great time and you're up and Vegas all over the goddamn world.
Thank you buddy bud.
That's for you, you phony.
You got dang phony.
Or is it gosh dang?
I forget what he said about those gosh dang Italians and his yacht.
So even a fake or I far bison a grig like him pays on time, but the bees lays in Greg Reed.
It's like well, we'll get around to work on it.
Nice going Greg.
I'll tell you one thing about me for working in this joint.
I must be crazy.
I must be nuts.
Yeah, that keeps running through my mind over and over again.
Thanks.
