Sport Radio 560 WQAM Miami-Port Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
A RAP!
A RAP!
A RAP!
A RAP!
A RAP!
A RAP!
A RAP!
A RAP!
A RAP!
A RAP!
A RAP!
A RAP!
A RAP!
A RAP!
A RAP!
A RAP!
A RAP!
A RAP!
A RAP!
A RAP!
Kenford Billば up in a bottle.
Set fire!
Bill's 역시 a quick wrestler for tomorrow can come!
Well, hey!
Thank you, Mr. locksmith.
No.
No.
It's a sink and pig disgrace.
Do I am this not a happy place?
No.
God worshipers, Lula Vajay,
Backstaffing, reprobate.
The equipment always breaks.
It's a hot and twarming place.
Do I am this not a happy place?
A real depressing place.
Do I am this not a happy place?
No.
There's a chance for Bill Thurk taking the pot.
Walk down and go.
Stick on!
Bill Thurk, stand doing this.
Give him the pattern.
A four-monthly.
Nice recovery there, Jigs.
Not.
I wish I could recover my voice.
I got learned drivers.
Can you tell?
Can you tell?
I can't talk.
I feel pretty good.
But it settled in my throat and the cool too.
So I'm going to like work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
I feel like I'm going to work the mic real close to the angle play.
It's always the producers fault.
It's always the producers fault.
It's always the producers fault.
I'm the one who asked to erase the dirty words when they happen to pick your who wants to wrote comedy for Jay Leno.
I'm the one who asked to erase the dirty words when they happen to pick your who wants to wrote comedy for Jay Leno.
Or Jay Leno does comedy?
No.
When is that going to start?
But I was screening calls from listeners and doing the job of two people and I missed it.
This station is so cheap they're having me do everything.
Sound familiar?
I'm having second thoughts about working here.
This station is so cheap.
They're having me do everything.
I'm having second thoughts about working here.
I don't think you have to have the third thoughts, Larry.
I can't work with a host who didn't stand by me.
I guess I'll go back to Bartonick.
I guess you're right, Larry.
Have another drink.
Come on.
Known for her infectious laugh.
And chitchat about relationships, popular culture, and a whiny boy friend named Pookie.
Oh my bad.
That's why she said the effort.
Maybe they let the air out of Pookie.
Huh?
That might have been the problem.
Well, certainly it can't be a human.
You've seen her.
Daniels came to work Monday, stressed out over breaking up with her bow.
Maybe it may be a plastic, you know, kind of like melted in that flood.
Then on the year she spoke about the postponement of the bit,
middle of concert at the National Yentah Center and the flooded parking lot.
What the audience heard was there was a big f-ing lake in the goddamn parking lot.
Is what she said.
At first, Daniels whose ratings are abysmally low.
Then I teammate the comments.
But when listeners called her on it, her superiors went to the audio tape and nailed Baker.
Of course, who would want to nail her?
I have a great idea since I have this very bad-lerain jealous.
How about if I just play that for four hours?
I'll guarantee you one thing.
We can get a bigger number playing her laugh on this show than she will ever get.
Is there any doubt about that?
No.
guaranteed.
You bet your life on it.
We got the airport thing going on.
God, we got eight billion things going to your storm experts.
They can't figure out why you didn't understand how bad it was going to be.
It's unbelievable.
And you watch this phone today because they know I can't speak because these sadistic bastards out there know that I have learned.
I feel fine.
You know, but when I play them settles in your throat, it's called their angitis.
And you can't talk.
So I'm not going to stay home when I feel this good.
In addition to which they probably assume I'm playing hooky again.
So you'll see this audience will be recalcitrant.
They will have nothing to say about anything because I've seen the way they operate.
They've been doing this to me for 23 years.
A famous night at WS News.
I sound great now compared to the way I sounded that night.
I said, boy, really need your help tonight.
I can barely speak.
It feels like a knife is cutting my throat every time.
And I couldn't buy a goddamn call.
I could have offered 50 grand for a call.
And they would have said, no, we're enjoying sitting here listening to you suffer.
And they liked it.
They loved it a lot.
And I'm going to talk to you after 10 at QAM.
I got to look for something else to do.
Melrose plays won't be on tonight.
So don't miss the premiere of the new CBS show.
Push.
One full hour of nothing but girls.
Tall one, short one, blonde, brunette, red head.
Kate, a model.
Who can't remember what she had for breakfast?
Laura, athletic.
If it's hard, she's on it.
Bush.
Girl.
Girls and more girls for one solid hour.
Do it in tonight and see.
Bush.
All right.
That's 15 to 5, 60 W to QAM.
What do we think we ought to do today?
Should I just do requests today and rest my voice for tomorrow?
Or should I keep using what little voice I have today to make sure I don't have to be here tomorrow?
Huh?
That sounds like a plan to me.
Anyway, the best in the alumni deny there are all the specs now.
They've roured Palm Beach.
Am I right about that?
Yes.
Yeah.
And the key change with the buttons with all the QAMs, they'll be in tomorrow?
Yes.
Is the new word that I've just got.
And yeah.
And what about Carol?
Is she still alive?
Anyway, speaking of somebody still alive, see, this is a horrendous thing.
You know, if these kids out there in Littleton, Colorado, haven't they been through enough already?
Huh.
Student 17 charged in Columbine threat.
I'm sure a lot of you saw this story on the news.
A Columbine high school student has been arrested for allegedly threatening to finish the job of the two teenage gunmen
who carried out the blood bath last April 20.
Did you see that?
Oh, yeah.
The student 17, whose name was withheld because he's a juvenile, was jailed yesterday on charges of inciting destruction of life and property.
And theft, allegedly, stealing school, a school microphone, he was held in a half a million dollar bond.
See, I know this sounds a little bit extreme.
But I think that the way you teach kids that you don't do things like this is you bring them in at noon.
You know how they have like assemblies and they make all the kids sit down in the assembly and they put them up there on the stage and they go as brains out.
And they say the next kid who tries to prank like this after all we've been through, you'll be next.
And you know what? I think that solves the problem right there.
Don't you?
Uh-huh.
Thank you.
Disgusting, pathetic.
Yeah, he's going to finish off the job that the other two scumbags did last April.
I don't think so.
I say let's finish him off.
Oh, but he's, and then I'm a story this morning on the TV.
His friend says, oh, but he's been under a lot of stress.
He's been under a lot of stress.
I'm under a lot of stress.
The last six weeks in this place, I've been under enormous stress.
Am I threatening to kill anybody?
Yet?
No.
Not yet.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello.
Hey, Neal. How are you doing?
Okay.
I want to touch and do things.
First of all, I wrote into paper today that they're going to close the schools for kids to go
out for lunch.
I feel bad for the kids with a close guy in the cafeteria.
Now the kids go out for lunch.
They're going to do what?
They're going to close the schools and I'm going to let kids go out eat lunch outside of school now.
Starting 2004.
Oh, yeah, starting in five years.
Starting in five years.
I'll be long gone.
Yeah.
And the second thing I was going to be working with you, they'll be out of here too.
I was in the arena yesterday and it was set to see.
I mean, you know, I go to every game of a big hot defendant.
It's just set to see.
I mean, just all those empty seats when they're five, one and one.
What are you probably used to it because that's just the way it is.
You know, I mean, I can't, in fact, to be honest with you when the game was starting,
it looked like it was going to be a lot worse than it turned out to be.
It's filled in a lot better than it looked like.
I mean, it wasn't great.
It said 14,585 in a paper.
Maybe there were 13,000 people in the last five.
Yeah, but they used to it.
And the people that were sitting in front of me, they didn't care about the game either.
Anyway, it's a social club.
It's not a hockey club.
It's just so incredible.
I'm just standing up and I'm trying to watch the game and it's just done.
I'm like, you know, it's that.
Anyone who knew great joy, I love you.
Okay, pal.
Hang in there.
Countery tomorrow night, by the way.
Pavel Brewery, maybe back tomorrow night.
They're winning us great without him.
Just imagine how good they'll be when he comes back.
Anybody care out there?
No.
No, I know you don't.
It's like the people in front of me.
This guy again with his little kid.
Here's here.
Come to Pathies down the ice on a two on one.
I think Bill Stewart was coming down the ice.
Anybody know who Bill Stewart is?
No.
Probably played 100 years ago when Jigs was a teenager.
But anyway, the Pathies got a two on one.
A real good scoring chance.
And now this guy, you know the chronic one who thinks he's very important with his little kids
who sits in front of me.
No, he's going to get up and he's going to leave it now.
So he can pass right in front of me while I'm craning my neck to see.
Are we going to score our goal here or something exciting going to happen?
You know, there's a big play developing here.
You don't care.
Then there's another moment in the same period.
I think it was the third period when one of his lady friends comes over.
And she's bending over right over in front of me.
And she's got to give him a big kiss on the cheek.
And I wanted to say the game is going on.
You stupid goddamn bitch is what I wanted to say.
I didn't say anything.
I bit my lip, bit my tongue.
I said I said that, you know.
See, the one thing about this core of misfits that sits in front of me, they have,
and I shouldn't, I don't want to include all of them because this guy's brother brings his little kid
and they don't bother anybody.
I think it's his brother.
He's a good guy.
They don't stand up in front of other people.
They have a little bit of coo, a little bit of courtesy.
Not this guy.
He doesn't know what the word means.
The gauntz emish bohah and then grandpa last night.
He's thinking, you know, up and down and up.
Why are you leaving now?
Why are you getting up right now?
Why don't we till the next stop that you play?
That's whole.
Why? Why are you doing this?
Oh, the irritate kneel.
Well, you're doing a great job.
You're doing a magnificent job.
I want to see the f and game.
I don't want to see your ass.
But hey, you know, when you get like the guy says, it's a social club.
I mean, when even the announcer doesn't know the name of the players,
what do you expect?
I think what I'm going to do is I'm just going to play that call followed by Brooks Lath for three and a half hours.
What do you say?
It sounds good to me.
Here's your chance for Bill Stewart.
Come on, Bill Stewart.
You're taking the puck. Walk down on goal.
Hit the ball!
Bill Stewart.
Who?
I love that he caught me.
Like we said, I love that he said Bill Stewart about ten times.
I love you, Jim.
You're a good guy.
Come on.
Come on.
Get up the miracle, or something.
Get a little oxygen for Jigs up there.
He's way, way up there in the air where the air is real thin up in the booth.
Here's Tamarack.
Hello.
Hey, New York.
I'm worried today.
Okay, sir.
You know, I heard Jigs is faux-paw, but you missed Rimmers mistake last night, which was
just...
Right, what was that, Ratic Rimmer?
No, it was 50 times worth.
Late with like five minutes to go in the game, he says the Panthers are going to go on a power play
or sheer two minutes for playing with a broken stick.
There's a face-off and the Panthers end.
The Vancouver is pinching in, firing shots, I'm going power play.
Why would they be pinching in?
Then all of a sudden he goes one, two, three, four...
Oh, excuse me.
He goes, Grishier is still in the box serving the last two minutes of his 17 minutes that he got
for fighting Jockepin in the second period.
Right.
I mean, that's really bad.
They stuck.
Yeah.
That's...
I mean, that's just...
That's just...
I mean, you know, getting the name wrong is nothing but to say there's a power play when there's not a power play.
I think you're nitpicking.
You know, expecting these guys to get something right.
Well, that's kind of what you're saying.
It was a good game, but you know, the Panthers, if they're going to win...
if they're going to win throughout the season, they got to play better defense in the third period.
They can't expect to score three goals in the third period to hold the two goal lead.
You know what I'm saying?
No, I don't.
What was there to complain about last night's game?
I don't understand.
Trevor could play great.
He was sensational.
Need him or he played good.
Whitney played great.
Yeah, they did.
Well, how could you find fault with a performance last night with Burrain, Not in the lineup?
How could you possibly, unless you're a South Florida sports fan, so-called, how could you find fault with that performance?
Well, no.
It wasn't perfect, but no team, even the best teams, don't play perfect games.
Well, these Cooper's got a really good offense, too.
And they also played the night before in Tampa and had a brutal overtime game which they won 65.
They were coming on in the third period.
Yeah.
Well, was the game ever endowed?
Well, keep in mind that one shot that hit the Got Kate Kid in the neck.
There was a quick whistle.
Yeah, sir.
Let me ask you again.
Was the outcome of the game ever really endowed?
No, not really.
Okay, thank you.
We're we're we're we're.
The team has lost one game.
They're off to a sensational start.
We have thousands of empty seats.
And this guy who proclaims himself as a great fan is going,
I can't even talk.
And I'm ecstatic with the performance last night.
The first period stuck.
It was very boring.
And then the game is steadily progressed.
And it turned into a pretty damn entertaining game.
I left it with a big smile on my push.
And actually got home in time to see the last minutes of overtime in the lease or a game.
For a cool.
And then the game was going.
Oh, thank God the small dish had the CTB on last night in the great Joe Bowen.
I should have brought those highlights and Joe Bowen by the way actually calls the guys by the right name.
Not only is he make the game unbelievably exciting.
But he actually calls the guys by the right name.
I realized that's asking for a lot, you know.
And of course, Jigs has only been off work for a couple of years.
He's only had all those months to study like the names of all these people who are going to be on the team.
You know, but after you reach your 95th birthday, you have to make excuses.
You have to understand it's the memory starts are going.
And we didn't even play the other clip where he talked about the.
The Panthers went over Vancouver since 1977.
We didn't play that one.
The guys in the morning kept playing it because they were relentless bastards.
Because they want to pick out a defenseless old man.
Here's a chance for Bill Stewart taking the clock.
Watch them and go.
Bill Stewart.
Bill Stewart.
Damn Stewart has given the pattern a four one way.
What do you say about about a bunch of three guys that want to pick on an old man.
And I think Tommy was behind it.
I think Tommy was at best four guys and probably done probably Donnie B.
That's sour.
You know what a what a sour guy he is.
Man.
Of course, if I were 53 and I was still like, you know, some board off answering phones.
On a morning sports nerd show, I'd probably be pissed off about it too.
You know, if I were a wannabe.
If my claim to fame was doing a pregame before the Marlins, you know,
the warm up for a Marlin game that nobody cares about, I'd be pretty upset about it.
Here's a mobile in Miramar.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I'm one of the cornsteeves you saw in the news about this kid that was chased by the cops.
Where he's caught smoking crack and jumped into that river and they.
And dropped.
Yes, I did see that.
Yeah.
That's crazy that they, you know, they attacked the police like that, you know.
Of course, he was a scumbag with a long criminal record, a real major scumbag.
And guess what?
When the cops catch your red handed, the message is you don't flee.
Oh, yeah.
What you doing smoking crack?
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's just a door open.
Yeah, it's just ridiculous way this one.
So the real message is when you're going to smoke crack, close the door.
Yeah, I think this all ties in with the whole of my hand.
I think my hand is at a hand right now with all these riots.
And, you know, I have a feeling like, you know, my hand is going to be cubist and they're taking over.
And the police can't even control it.
You know, it seems like everybody is right.
Well, look, this, this, this, that was a Cuban guy.
No, he, this guy.
He was a black guy.
Yeah, but I mean, everybody was that happy with a Cuban's taking over?
Just every, you're right.
So in other words, the Cubans are responsible for the sparts of criminals.
Who is that at?
Jesus Christ.
Okay, George, you guys do a lot of weight on your shoulders, man.
I've got a lot of work to do.
Oh, and speaking of that, where's that article about Mayor Pingo again?
This thing about they're not going to let the, where's that?
I got, I just got too much crap.
It'd be nice if I could talk, you know, because I got a great show here if I could talk, but I can't.
Oh, yeah.
County law, a barrier for the Grammys.
Did you see this?
The Latin Grammys will not be doing their thing at the American Airlines arena downtown.
They'll either have to be on a beach or in Fort Lauderdale because they have that ordinance in Miami.
They're Cuban performers and the answer is no.
Mayor Pingo says no.
Just say no to Cuban performers.
Well, so I'll save that for a minute.
Oh, look at this 1027 at 560 QA.
Here's the guy, he sucks, okay?
You have dialed the Jewish telephone sex line.
Relax and get ready for the time of your life.
Okay, I'm ready.
Did you goggle and spritz everything?
Or they, you're feeder like ice.
You know, this healing needs 15.
Hey, you're leaning on my hair.
Oh, could you speed it up a little, real important, it's on in five minutes.
I think it off my hair, you're nothing to go.
Thank you for calling Jewish phone sex.
Call again in about six months.
Oh, hey.
1032 at 560 WQ.
I'm in the old days when we had an audience that cared in the old days I'd come in like this.
We'd have 50,000 women calling in with remedies for the aflemmin, the throat, you know, for the sore throat.
I'm drinking a cup of tea right now, but not anymore.
It's not the same here anymore.
They're bitter, they're hostile.
They just don't give a crap.
Or maybe they saw the picture above this article I'm talking about.
Maybe they pissed off about this.
County law barrier for Grammys.
I just noticed this.
Musicians John Tsacada, or you know him?
He can't think for sh**.
Yeah.
And Kike Santander.
Clown around in June after Latin Grammys were launched.
What kind of a name is Kike Santander?
So maybe it's not that the Cuban performers, they don't want to come into the city of Miami.
Maybe they just don't want a guy named Kike coming in.
They don't want any kikes coming in.
And of course if you've ever been in Sunrise, you can begin to understand that.
Or at the Rascal House.
5607.0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
If you're doing this late, I feel fine.
I can't talk, but I feel fine.
So I'm here.
I don't sound that bad, doesn't it?
I can't really tell.
Maybe I'll just do it through the shredder. That would be good.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hey, good morning. How are you, sir? I'm okay.
I just, I want to come in the Herald.
I mean, we bash him all the time and just never really sell.
Good job on his airports here, is that?
Absolutely.
How do I call him?
Better late than never.
And you know something, I think this is a direct cause of these articles is because we defeated that tax.
And I think the Herald may be waking up to try to find out why are people so pissed off and don't trust government in that?
And you'll notice that Mayor Penga, by the way, is one of the people that came out against the attacks for the baseball stadium.
Any kind of attacks, he's against that. I think maybe that July 27 election got him the message.
I mean, you look at Day County.
You're from the port of Miami to the airport.
Yeah.
Look at, they investigate Jackson, hospital. I mean, God forbid.
But if they ever looked in where that money's going.
One thing about Day County, corruption is a way of life.
I mean, you know, I was watching NBC News last night.
I was talking about soft money and general politics.
I know this little tangent here.
And they're just talking about how people and interests are going out of control.
I mean, the interest in today's article, I mean, it takes a while to read.
It's a big article. I know people, you know, it's hard for people to grasp it and read through it all.
You know, spend that much time on it.
But it's going, reading every article this week.
It's amazing that, and they do, and they try to raise their taxes again or ask for more money.
I mean, is there any, you know, I hear people, you were talking about the education system.
And people don't want to even raise it.
And they start questioning about the Crystal Palace in Florida.
I remember all those art, all those conversations you had a couple months ago.
This is why.
I mean, I don't trust it.
I mean, I don't want to give my hard earned money to something that has been an utter failure in this town.
And this isn't only it.
I mean, it's everywhere in Dave County.
And I'm sure it's in Broward too, or it's going to get there.
Yeah, but what are Pikers in Broward?
We have a lot to learn from Dave when it comes to corruption.
We're just little leaders.
Yeah, but you know something that looks to me like there's a little more money up in Broward,
so they might be taking a little bit more.
You know, this county is out here.
When you read about the fact that the airport is in the condition that it's in,
and that they lock out all of the big vendors, like even the Disney people and McDonald's,
because all these little juicy inside the,
absolutely.
All these friends of the mayor,
all these friends of all the politicians.
This is why the airport is a toilet.
But you also look at yesterday's article where they were talking about the slope of the roof,
and but it was only like $600,000 and it wasn't worth going after,
or even filing the papers for the insurance.
I mean, this is our tax dollars.
Yeah.
I mean, if my kid can't get books in school,
and there's 35 kids in the classroom,
but they're not willing to go after $600,000 because an engineer made a mistake,
and filing the insurance claim, screw up.
I'm not giving you any more money.
Go find the problems because I, you know something, Neil?
I think the money is out there.
And I'm four less government, and I think this is garbage, right?
It's bureaucracy at its best.
Okay.
And they keep playing poor boy,
and they keep hiring more people to do less work and get less service in this town.
It sucks.
Well, I think there's one word to describe it.
Oh.
Roll model.
Railroad say,
nice.
Same.
Okay.
See it?
MI8.
This is a very disturbing.
I mean, all the other ones have been disturbing.
Remember, I said the estimated I was waiting, especially for this one today?
My army airport retail shops lag behind U.S. trends,
because virtually any airport in this country,
that you go to has got a wide variety of retail outlets, bookstores, I mean fine shopping,
all kinds of food, food courts, you name it.
Because when you go to the airport, you're getting ready to go on a plane, right?
Generally speaking.
Does anybody there right mind wanting a way to eat the food on a plane?
No.
I don't think so.
Or maybe people are making a stop in between.
You know, maybe they have a connection and they've got a couple hours to kill.
And they want to get a good meal.
Can you get a good meal at Miami International Airport?
No.
No.
You get a weeny.
In fact, you go there and you get like a hot dog and a diet snapple and whatever else,
like nine bucks, ten bucks.
It's ridiculous.
The county's politicians have spent more time taking care of politically connected insiders
than passengers.
Miami International Airport's retail is the prime example of how the county's elected
officials and supporters, the lobbyist gatekeepers, worked behind the scenes to duel out dollars
and deals to a favorite few.
One of the most disgusting stories in the history of mankind and guess who's in it, by the way,
right up to his armpits.
Our good buddy, Mayor Pinga.
That's right.
Christopher Courage, fundraiser extraordinaire, and longtime friend of Mayor Alex Pinga, is
the airport's unofficial retails are with all four major MIA concession clients in his
portfolio.
Hey Mayor Pinga, you're a crook.
Okay, you're a little weasley fricking crook.
And you can't figure out why the people didn't trust him back on July 27th.
I'm an expert in retail, court said.
I understand the economics of it.
Others say there's a lot more to it.
It really comes down to this.
There are probably a dozen deal makers in this town that are thirty or forty one of these
said former Miami mayor and asshole Maurice for a.
The king of them all is Chris Courage.
He's number one.
He's come a long way from his days as a seventeen thousand eight hundred dollar your assistant
city attorney in Miami Beach.
Now he drives a brand new link and navigator sports utility sometimes wears seal of the
president of the United States or cufflinks a gift from L president day and lives in a
one point three million dollar home in Pinecrest.
Long me fifty dollars.
How do you like that?
So better late than ever.
Nice going Harold.
Like the guy says.
Long overdue.
Not even a mention the twenty nine million dollars they spent on a construction project
here a few months ago that they had a stop because it wasn't going to work.
So they just lost twenty nine million dollars down the old toilet.
Can't figure out why we don't want to give you any more of our money can you Mr. Mayor.
Little weasley crook.
For those two parrots on his shoulders.
Twenty to eleven a q a m.
Arachite.
In bow.
So way I move around when I go to I call the mamba movements the pursue.
On the toilet seat like swing and sway to the mamba beach to radio play.
So we got a load and I'm all cool.
Just once in I got to do a bit of it.
A bit better so I need to make my high.
Nice and easy.
I don't have to push I'm in control when I'm moving
side to side of the toilet bowl I never have to spray it come down whole and look to
little like it to zero I'd wait to the left and wait to the
right from the green and I'll tell you why not only are you burning calories
but never ever get a big red ring.
That's why we've got guys who can't use the exercise.
I'm not fun when they do the pop bowl moving up or two.
Better.
Hey, the puppy Alex.
I'm doing the mamba.
Hey, come on.
Do it.
You're looking for where we're going.
You get off the socket.
And I'll get out.
Okay, ten forty five at five sixty qm.
I'm very impressed because Gildi says I'm very sexy in the
sultry this morning.
Hey, that's a good looking guy.
That's what he said.
I know that far.
County law a barrier for Grammys is the question mark and come to find out.
I guess they're going to pick between LA and Miami for the Latin Grammys to the next
side of it.
Coming to find out that if they do come to choose Miami they wanted it to be at the
American Airlines Yanta Center.
Because it's right there in the heart of Miami which is the world of Latin
music.
The music of it says here at home to almost every major Latin music label.
Can it be there?
No.
No.
Because Mike Green who's the president of the National Academy of Recording Arts and
Sciences.
Sciences insist that the show be able to include Cuban musicians.
And they count his ordinance against doing business with any entity that deals with Cuba
means the a arena is out.
It's out.
And speaking of that little crook mayor we got he says no one is forbidding.
No one is forbidding the Latin where the hell is the rest of it.
Well they left a sentence out here.
I'll leave it to the hero again.
Something rather nobody's forgetting forbidding the Latin or something but says mayor
Penga.
If they want to play at a public facility with public resources I will enforce the law.
So in other words if they want to go out in the middle of the street somewhere
and do it it's okay.
But if they want to play in a public facility with public funds sounds a little bit
like that fascist Rudy Giuliani doesn't it?
Yeah.
Well look at these people do they come to my rescue today or what?
One call on the board now.
See what I mean about this audience and about these people here in this town?
They just don't care about each other.
They don't care about me.
They don't care about themselves.
No ladies with remedies for it.
No nothing.
Uncaring cold callus.
560560.
Pound 560 on the 18t wireless line.
Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hi Neil.
Yes sir.
How are you doing?
Despite what you say the precise reason I'm calling I want you to know that we do care about your health out here.
Try to cargo with some hydrogen peroxide.
Yeah.
And that might help.
I don't know if you've ever tried it.
Yeah I have done that.
Whatever you do just don't swallow.
Oh I never do.
Hey by the way I can't agree with you anymore about date counting my anything nothing more than a corrupt banana republic from South America.
Yeah great.
That's exactly the way to put it sir.
Very well put a corrupt banana republic.
Not just a regular ordinary pedestrian banana republic but a corrupt banana republic.
All right.
It's terrible.
It's terrible.
I'm moving to California but it's just that out there almost.
What are you going to do?
You take care yourself.
Okay thanks.
All right bye.
I want you out for the mudslides in the earthquakes.
56070560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
I'll make a comeback.
How we do.
Like I said it's you know it's frustrating because I feel pretty damn good.
But it's just stuck there like a lump right in my throat.
You know that's the way it is.
That's the way God works.
He's a miserable nasty son of a bitch that God and just you know.
All these colds and all these different melodies and all these ailments that he could prevent by the way very easily.
A little wave his little magic wand or magic finger whatever he's got.
His magic twinger.
He won't do it.
He's a prick.
Here's for Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
What's going on?
Not much.
Hey where you at the Macarena last night?
Yes I was.
Wasn't that like a big forest?
There's like 12,000 people or something?
That's about 13.
That's sad man.
We got like one of the best team in the league.
Yeah.
You're playing very well.
Right.
And it's like nobody shows up.
In addition to which most of us thought that Pavel Brewery was going to play last night.
Yeah.
So they can't use that as an excuse saying well you know they're more come out when he gets back in line up.
Because he was supposed to play last night we thought.
Yeah I wish we were there.
I was at the game too.
So it's like I was like that's what I was wishing for.
That's what I went to the game.
Yeah.
I was figuring they would like play him.
Play all play against Scalator.
You didn't even see even without him they played great and they won the game five to two.
Yeah I know I know it was very exciting.
And it would have been a lot more exciting if those empty seats would have been filled but they're not.
You know what I'm going to do.
What can you do?
I can't get any more.
I keep trying.
One happened though because most people down here they don't care.
No like I said they don't give a crap about anybody except that middle of that bitch.
Yeah exactly.
I can't believe like she had more people there you know after Hurricane.
Yeah that's a good point.
Sunday night she had four to nine excellent points.
14,000 people there to see that fat bitch that just stuck it in everybody's nose on Friday night.
And they come out to see that bitch on the right in the aftermath.
I'm sure that there was still a lot of water and a lot of crap going on.
And they go through the flood to see this bitch and we can't get 13,000 for the hockey team.
Yeah but you know that their crowd was like probably senior Ville USA.
Yeah.
Old Jews yeah.
Okay pal.
Alright that was the day.
Old Jews and young queens.
Well she's another one of those fat hags you know lies a Manelli Judy girl and Betty Davis.
Joan Crawford.
Diana Ross.
Liz Taylor.
Liz Taylor.
Oh.
Liz Taylor.
The biggest queen of them all.
What is it with bag of hags?
What's that all about?
Brook shields.
What is that all about?
I guess it's a good cover for some of them.
I wonder what any Fisher would have to say about that.
Talk about desperate.
Well you know he wrote he wrote the biography back 17 years ago.
And then he decided he needed more money.
So now he's really really going to tell us all the good stuff.
That he's going to make up.
I mean who would touch Eddie Fisher?
Even in his youth he had zits that made Wayne look lovely.
Really?
He had craters.
Even the moon don't have craters that deep.
Here's a lady mobile and Fort Myers hello.
Yeah hey Neil.
Yes ma'am.
I just wanted to call and agree with whoever calls and said that you sound sexy this morning because I got to tell you you have.
I've killed it.
And he's not my type.
Killed it.
I think the call you know you got to call or something.
And it's just it's working.
It's it's work.
Is it?
Yeah it's definitely working.
I go find a mine.
Got me hooked on the show.
I listen to you every morning.
I just want you to know that people in Fort Myers we love you.
And very few have a we'll have a trophy number for you very soon.
Oh that would be great.
That would be why cool.
Okay.
I talk to you later.
Thanks.
Bye.
Bye.
Nice to meet you in Fort Myers.
You know something we very, very hear from what we really hear from women period.
But in Fort Myers that was marked that down in the calendar.
That's special.
Now the women just don't care anymore you know like our friend and not slanting lady.
It used to be our good friend and I saved your life with the act in that she lost all that
weight.
But since not slanting went off the ear and we don't care about the covers anymore and Mark
Grace ran off with his boyfriend.
You know she feels we have nothing to talk about anymore.
She's abandoned me in my time of desperate need.
Save your life.
Those are her words I saved.
How many people's lives if I saved?
Not that I'm trying to sound you know like a prima donna.
Not that I want to pat myself on the back.
Do I?
Okay.
I can still I can do it.
I'm patting myself on the back right now.
In fact.
Oh look at that.
That helped.
God it's a green one too.
567.0560.
0.560 on the 18t while it was fine.
See there are two ways to look at this.
The date County thing you can just.
Give up you know you can just say.
Yeah stupid effort.
Brooke it.
Hey that's a good idea instead of saying the F words since he's
Son it on the earth today and she needs the publishing desperately
Anyway will they say, Brooklyn.
What a broken idiot yeah I like it.
Brooke you man yeah what a book and jackat.
I love that.
I skip aunt to almost as good as very Israel because then
which by the way Sarah lot of juice the
The Adolf came to me at the hockey game last night.
They got it.
They got it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
I'll tell you one thing.
If you took all the Jews out of the Macarena
at the hockey games, you'd have 2,000 people.
Are you worth that?
It's like Brian, our great sales guy,
coming in there this morning,
and he wants me to do an appearance on Hanukkah.
I said, are you crazy?
80% of our audience are Jews.
He said, oh, a lot of our audience are Jews.
And he looked at me and George, like I had just said,
oh, something crazy.
Now, we don't have any Jews.
I just made it up, Brian.
He's obviously very good-ish.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, me?
Yes, sir.
Hey, you have to do a paper, right?
Is the Harold?
Yes.
A pull-out-to-panter section.
I think the Harold has his own panter's map.
Meaning what?
Well, a goal is one point and a system is one point, right?
Yeah.
Well, so when Ray Whitney has three goals with five assists
at eight points, right?
Right.
Well, according to the Harold, he has 11 points.
They're taking goals at two points.
I thought this was the last thing I thought,
maybe just messed up one day.
But yeah, I'm looking at it now,
and like they say, Ray Whitney has 11 points.
All right.
Todd Love has a whole 10, three and four.
Yeah, when you go down, in their own,
if they're own scoring thing,
and then you go down to someone with like Ryan Johnson,
one goal, one assists,
somehow he only has two points.
Yeah.
Well, I thought that should be three points.
Well, it's only if you play on one of the top couple of lines.
Oh, okay.
So like the top two lines, you get two points for a goal.
Right.
And when Barry comes back, he gets three points for a goal.
Three points because he's making a 10-line year, right?
Oh, okay.
That's what's there because I thought you know what I mean.
But the NHL was point each for a goal and a assist.
You know, I was going crazy, and the funny part was last week.
I was looking at it, and it was the same thing.
Yet they had right next to the Panther stats.
They had like the leaders and goals and everything.
Yeah.
And they had goals and assists, and the leaders were.
Yeah.
And yet in there, it was one goal point.
No, no, no, this is only for our team.
I see you all.
This is the Miami-Maths and Point-Aid.
In fact, in fact, for the teams that we don't like,
they don't get any points for an assist.
That's pretty good.
Okay.
That helps us out pretty good.
Thanks for the good news.
Thank you.
Have a good one.
How do you like that more mistakes, man?
This town is loaded with mistakes.
Here's a chance for Bill Stewart, taking the puck.
Watch it and go.
Be forward!
Bill Stewart, damn Stewart has given the pattern a four-one lead.
And I like you, because he's a great old guy.
Old.
10.56.
That's a QA.
This never happened to you.
Oh, honey, you are hot.
But those things aren't real, aren't they?
Well, worry no more.
Now you and your natural 44s can walk down the street without fear of...
Hey, TV!
Where'd you find those pazungas with new search-real-vrest labels?
From the makers of, hello, my name, and your name.
It's the one and a half-calorie breast label that identifies your huge honors as genuine.
Just apply the sticky parts to your cleavage, and no one will ever knock your knockers again.
Wow, they are real.
These search-real-vrest labels, because when you look good, they get off.
Isn't there something you put in your mouth?
I'm sorry.
It's 11.02 at 5.60 WQAM.
So we got Hank.
I'm reluctant to mention this again, okay?
We got Hank, Defoe, and Eddie Kay at Calder again this afternoon from 2 to 5.
Hank would be no cook from 5 to 6.
They're going to be out there at Calder again, and the obvious question is...
Why?
You know what I'm saying?
That's not going to be another one of those gambling shows.
Is it?
Oh, no.
Just remember, the gambling colors will destroy the sports, the 20 hours of sports on this radio stage.
Not so much in a morning show.
But the rest of the day, the gambling, the compulsive...
We ought to change the callators to WGA.
Huh?
How's that sound?
I bet you know, I bet you those callators don't exist.
Your gamblers are not on a station for the 90s.
Uh, what about that three and a half out of Bill Sockler's game?
What are your thoughts on that?
How do you look at...
Oh, God.
If the people who entertain those calls had any concept of how terminal that is,
of how rapidly it sends many of us diving for the radio dial.
There's nothing wrong with being a compulsive gambler and losing all your...
You know, losing your ass?
If you want to do that, be my guest.
I just want to hear about it.
Nobody wants to hear about it.
I had the three over to four, five, seven, and a seven I left in the gate and the eight puttals with a nine.
Yeah.
And...
And you lost your ass.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, eight, pound five, six, eight.
See, one thing about 99 percent of people who are...
I'm not talking about people, you know, like me, make a little wager at the horses, Vegas.
I'm talking about people who are compulsive, chronic sick gamblers.
They lie like crazy because the overwhelming majority of them lose their ass.
Here's the mobile and curl spring.
Hello?
Hi, Neil.
I'm sounding better.
I've listed since you first started this morning and...
I think maybe it's the tea, you know what?
It's coming back.
It's coming back.
And I got a lot of water.
Coming from the macaroni grill and a few more.
So that'll really do it for me.
That'll clean out this mong.
Blush it out.
Blush it out.
It's a little fire report for you.
Listen to your friend Phil on the radio and I guess I kept it on the dial.
And that goofy broad that you used, Brooke, come on.
And she said the F4 came right over.
The F4 plane is could be...
I guess the guy that...
I guess his answer like the bitch, his George guy must have been an employer or something
and went right through.
I had a call and I said I can't believe what that goes through.
And she denied it.
He denied it.
And everybody denied it.
And anybody that called it and tried to talk about it, they shut right off.
What can they do for...
What's your opinion?
Can they do anything in the FCC?
Do something about that or is there a log in?
Yeah, there's somebody who sends him a tape of it.
I mean, she knows better than that.
And why are they punishing the guy?
You see, in her case, it's always her producer that has to be the scapegoat for her income.
That's what you call them loren.
She knows you can't say F on a year.
You can't do that.
And the fact that...
I didn't say F, I said the word duck.
Right.
Is that what she said?
That's what she said.
Yeah.
And I know the girl she...
I got the girl she said the summer book will be out in a few days.
I want to know if she better duck.
Because she may be done with a point...
Yeah.
What an obnoxious show.
Unbelievable.
She was yesterday, the day before the act all day.
But it sounds to me like you're not only a regular listener over there,
but you're a caller too.
Awesome, beautiful Panna water for my friends at the beginning.
Yeah, you got it.
Okay, have a great day pal.
He likes her show.
I said this.
I mean, he's quoting chapter in verse.
She said this yesterday and then maybe before she said duck.
And the duck came down and Gratio Mark said,
lo me $50.
It said him and so on.
Yeah, I get...
I don't know about people like that, yeah?
Who always are protesting and telling me how terrible her show is,
but he can quote chapter in verse what she says.
I mean, somebody's got to listen obviously.
$56.705, $60.506, on the 18t wireless line.
Here's a mobile invoiting V-chillow.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You know, I got to tell you, I do a lot of business in Latin America.
And it's the same everywhere.
You pay whoever you have to pay.
Usually a cousin of a brother of a general of a guy in charge.
And you do business.
And since Miami is 98% Latin, what do you expect?
Yeah.
If it were full of Japanese, you know, it'd be...
They'd be doing business that way when I told you.
If it were full of citizens, you know, we'd probably do business that way too.
They'd be wackin' them, you know?
They'd be doing what they do.
I got to tell you one thing though.
It's a rare treat that I'm able to listen to your show.
I just have to be driving today.
And I miss so bad listening to you on hockey.
Yeah, I think you're the absolute authority on hockey.
And you got to get...
You can't talk about hockey.
I know.
I think it's interesting.
It's like the gambling shows they keep doing on their station.
It's a tune-out, you know?
I want you to get another show.
I want you to do a pre-game show.
No.
What's your top to the power?
Come on, a little bit more Neil hockey.
No.
What we need here.
I mean, nobody's talkin' about Need-A-Mayer, who I can't stand.
You have to be here.
You have to be left.
Nice goin' Ronnie.
Yeah, but you want to know.
You want to know why?
Tell me, I don't know.
He's talkin' about something.
Something happened.
Contract renewal.
These guys who are...
Oh, no.
Oh yeah, the guys who are in the last year of their contract,
all of a sudden, guys who've been floating their way through.
Floaters.
All of a sudden, they play in grade.
Oh, it's contracting real time, man.
I've been trying to figure out that I thought I had something to do.
Maybe Melon B, you know that.
Nothing to do with that.
You know?
Nothing to do with that.
You kid me. It's contract renewal.
That little son of a guy.
But, you know, it's something if that's what it takes.
We'll take it.
He played good last night.
Well, he played great last two games.
I don't think I think you missed the last game, huh?
Right.
But, yeah, I thought you last night knew you were sick,
and I thought you lived a little early.
I know you feel about that.
No, no, I left early because it was four to one,
and I wanted to go home and sketch the end of the leaf scheme,
which I did.
Yeah, I got home and...
One of the other common.
The acting started.
You helped me with that.
But I went off the diet,
and my blood sugar went up so high
that I went to the game last night and had a drink.
I got home and my sugar was like 350 and then, you know,
I'm all whacked out.
Hi!
That's why I'm driving this morning
because I had to go to the doctor.
So, now I'm going to go back in the diet and stick with it, you know, you know, it is.
Don't do it.
I want you to think about doing a hockey show,
because I mean, you really, you're the best at...
No, yeah.
Okay.
I'll think about it.
No, thank you.
Am I going to think about it?
No.
No, no hockey shows.
Maybe people have room around here.
No.
No, no, no.
Oh, God.
Oh, by the way, my friend...
I better not say this one here.
You know, my good friend Ron from Philadelphia
who's the big flyer and Panther fan
that gives us that big check for Santa Barbara over here.
He came to me at the game last night.
He said, I don't want you to, you know, get...
You know, get...
Take this the wrong way.
But that hockey show that Rimmer does on Sunday night,
he said, it's the worst show he's ever heard in his life.
I'm sure that that'll get back to remember if he's not listening right now.
I'm not saying that because I've never heard it.
It's past my bedtime.
Am I going to stay up to here then?
No.
No.
I'm just quoting one guy.
Says it's the worst show he has ever heard in his life.
That's what he said.
And this is a good guy too.
I'm not saying because he said it, that makes it so.
Because I know how Rimmer gets very uptight about these things.
Oh, I'm sure at least Rimmer got the cams to his name right last night.
Anyway, it's 9 minutes after 11 at 5.60 QAM.
I think it's Daddy Daddy.
He's my short fan.
Anya...
His two things I know.
Daddy, you're a loser.
I would back on in my tent.
I think Mommy cheats on you.
I think Mommy cheats on you.
Daddy, why don't you get a job?
Daddy, you smell like beer.
I'm dropping out of high school.
Daddy, I'm pregnant.
I don't know who the father is.
I asked the turn chick to have.
I drove the car into a tree.
Can you just send me some cigarettes?
Hey, how about a toast for the bride and the world?
Daddy, I'm getting married again.
Dad, that's my ass.
I think I have syphilis.
Hey, Pop, we're moving in.
Dad, I have news.
I'm a lesbian.
Look at this.
It's a little food and I sound really bad.
Better?
How do you like that?
I told you if I ate.
Thanks to our good friends at the macaroni grill by the way.
For a spectacular lunch today.
Got a nice Caesar salad.
Got some Ville Parmesan.
I guess they gave you, but I'll take it.
It's good.
Great.
You got some salmon in there.
I guess Gary Sarner didn't tell him I'd only eat fish.
The people at macaroni grill our great Gary Sarner.
He keeps kosher.
We got some Italian sausage.
We got some buffalo mozzarella with tomatoes.
And a big bottle of aquapana.
Thank you guys.
Love the macaroni grill.
And I guess what?
They didn't bring that sparts in here to stand on the table in single man river.
Which I appreciate.
I forgot to ask.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Next time.
Okay, we got two 300 open lines here today.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
We had one woman called the age.
She was from Fort Myers.
Very nice lady.
We didn't hear they don't care about me anymore.
No remedies.
No concern.
They just don't care.
Uncaring, unfeeling, cold, hostile, hateful place.
Welcome.
In fact, there's a great article here today, which I would read if I had the voice, but I won't.
From a 13 year old young lady in the Sun Sentinel, Jenny Lopez, on the commentary section on the local thing here,
Jenny is a student that drive food school of arts in the West Palm Beach, who says she just can't stand it here.
13 years old.
And she can't wait to get out of Florida.
How do you like that?
Nice going, Jenny.
Ow!
Yeah.
I'm going to save this for when I have my voice back.
13 year old girl, saving up her pennies, her shekels, to get out of Florida.
Nice move, honey.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good morning to you.
When is to you?
First of all, let me say this, I'm a 30 year old young black male, and there's a lot of us out there listening.
So you talk about the good work.
Yes, sir.
First of all, have you read, kept up on this series with the Miami International Airport?
Yes, I have.
I'm not a hero fan, but I'm going to give them that do on there.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
This is the first thing they've done in about 50 years.
This is a great series.
I just called it because I want you to look at one section, one paragraph, on 14A, where this is exactly how business is done in Miami-Dade County.
With Pinellas was a commissioner, him and Mikasa of Milan.
Yeah.
And some former highly accountant, Armando Lakasa and Humberto X-A-Varia.
Uh-huh.
They go straight into the straight to the commission.
Let me read this.
When a local businessman wanted to put in popcorn cards in 1996 into the airport, airport staff were more particularly interested.
At least not until two political pals of Mayor Alex Penga and commissioner Natacha Milan, Milan, former Miami commissioner Armando Lakasa and former highly accountant,
from Armando, Antibarilla, assured that he'll straight into the County manager's office.
Outkindly welcome that.
Then County manager Armando Vidal ordered the aviation director Gary Delapag to consider a one-year permit for the cards.
They were in the terminal seven months later.
No bid required.
How do you like that, huh?
This is a Zapporn card.
This is exactly how business is done in day county.
And this is you had a previous caller that said it was a corrupt banana republic.
Absolutely.
Correct.
It's worse than that.
It's a corrupt corrupt banana republic.
I say it's a corrupt corrupt goddamn corrupt banana republic.
How do you like that?
In any way, I say it's a goddamn corrupt corrupt people.
I agree with you.
But anyway, I travel around to different airports at Miami International is the worst.
I you can't even get a decent meal.
That's right.
The LaGuardia and New York.
The only place worse in this country is JFK.
That's the that airport to Toilet.
Go to LaGuardia.
I don't even like Wendy.
But at least you can get a brand name hamburger.
This is ridiculous.
Anyway, for your voice, take some.
Get some rum and put it in some tea.
Get a little bit of sentiment.
And some butter in the night.
And I guarantee you your laryngeitis will be cleared up.
Okay.
Keep up the good work.
Thanks a lot, honey.
Thanks so much.
That's the honey tune, yeah.
For the honey.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Oh, yeah, the food is helping a lot.
You know what?
I can't believe it.
Isn't that strange?
I mean, the tea helped a little bit.
But the food, I think maybe the food is pushing the mucus through there.
You think that's it?
No.
Well, sounds good.
Just keep eating.
Just keep eating.
Just keep shoveling it in.
And pretty soon you too can look like Fatboy.
Do you see him laughing around here this morning?
Hey, palie.
Hey, palie.
Oh.
He's not long for the world, folks.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Uncle Neil, how are you?
Okay.
I'm hanging a hold on my own.
Well, Uncle Neil, I just wanted to comment on my business owner about two blocks away from
the Miami airport.
And last week when we had a so-called hurricane come through, you couldn't find one police officer
with helping with traffic at complete nightmare.
Get on the palm metal.
Car is cutting off.
18 wheelers cutting off.
Not one police officer.
And probably too busy writing tickets to illegally park people inside the airport.
Right.
And then of course, get on I-75.
Clear.
Police are out there.
Get into the brow.
No problem.
Yeah.
The only thing I want to say is that if there's, and the businesses in Miami Springs,
there's stormtroopers there.
You stop short of a, or go through a little red light.
You've got eight police officers and they're frisk, you're taking out of your car.
But any type of emergencies, there's never a police to be found day down.
Good luck, pal.
All right.
You'll need it.
Okay.
How do you like that?
He's pissed at the pork.
567-0560-0.560 on the 18 T wireless line.
I think my voice is making a little bit of a comeback.
That's spectacular.
I bet you might, Amara, is going to be great or Georgia will be here.
One of the other.
Well, it's one of the other.
I mean, I could have stayed home today.
What I've been out of lines staying home today with this voice, I don't think so.
I probably would have been smart.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Am I?
It sounds just like you.
All right.
Tell me, Miami.
I think it's me.
Well, see you now.
How do you like that?
Listen, I was listening to the Hartman show on 9.40 this morning.
The one?
I don't know his first name.
The Hartman show on 9.40 right after Rick and S.
The Hartman show?
Yes, I don't know.
Who's that guy's name?
Oh, Phil Hartman, yeah.
Not not Phil Hartman.
Anyway.
The brother and the McBean.
To cut to the chase.
Yeah.
And the program director on the Brook Daniel show.
Uh-huh.
And for one hour together, I wasn't, you know, listening that clearly because I have to listen to the
subject to you come on.
Are you sure?
Yeah.
But I think they just suspended Brook Daniel also.
Uh-huh.
So that's what I got.
Uh-huh.
So I thought I'd run there by you.
Well, that's the show to find out.
I'll go into your bed.
Yeah.
Anyway, you're doing have a good day and hopefully, boys get better.
And thank you so much.
They take it.
Okay. So that Phil Hartman show, I guess, they got the real story about that, huh?
See, I don't, I don't understand that.
I don't get it.
But nevertheless.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 182 wireless line.
She's you're getting a lot of publicity for her eight listeners.
I'll tell you that.
I mean, she has taken the Rick and Souds after an audience that they had built up on that
station, which was the only thing they had.
And driven it to such a level that you have to, you have to have the greatest eyesight
in history to see that number.
It is so close to the big O.
And based on the letting the ear out of that low up to all her, that's probably as close
to the big O.
She's going to come for a long time.
By the way, speaking of that, when is the summer book coming out?
Do we know which date is?
Got to be very soon.
No, don't look in the next month.
It's got to be sometime in October, very, very soon.
I bet she's even closer to the big this time that she was last time.
I mean, wait, I'm going to be about a point four I would predict.
2554 persons, point four, that's my prediction for the Ballon book.
That working bitch.
Here's Sunrise.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I'm sorry.
Don't be sorry.
Since Ironic, I was at the airport this weekend for the first time in ten years.
And I was there for half an hour and got charged $4 for parking.
For a lot of day, I was at 75 cents.
I was just, you know, just add to the fire fuel, the fire here in this discussion on the airport.
When I go away for the weekend, I park, you know, after the airport.
And they charge you ten bucks a day.
But if you park like for a couple of hours beyond, like, say, two days,
then they charge you for another full day.
So it's ten dollars a day.
So if you park like for two days and two hours, it's thirty bucks.
Absolutely.
Ridiculous.
I mean, I think it's a lot of people who commit armed robbery are doing less offenses than they're doing over there.
And we're going on a trip in December and I've got to go through Miami because it's overseas.
And I said, and I just told my wife, I said, I do not want to go through Miami, but unfortunately we have to.
Yeah.
Take a, take a limo.
Yeah, what we are.
We are.
You bet.
Keep her to take a limo to the park in that place.
Thanks for your time.
Okay.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
I mean, you know, I mean, I go out of Miami International all the time, like I said, I mean a million times.
I have no problem finding a parking space most of the time.
So I'm not one of those people looking to bellyic about it, but.
But as I've told you before, most of the terminals there are like 10th world countries, especially the American airline terminals, but anabode, every, the whole operation there.
Terminal, uh, was it G?
Yes, G, like your Canada, they know how to do it right.
A. Air Canada, my good friends over there.
They're great.
And in terminal G for whatever reason, there's none of those manadimals people.
There's not that kind of atmosphere.
It's not like you just left the goddamn U.S. of A.
But in terminal B, I believe it is, and C and H.
Oh, whoo, forget it.
And no matter which terminal you're in, it's terminal.
Because there is no food.
And by the way, you know that Cazoleez pizza, that's a concession.
That's not really Cazoleez pizza.
Cazoleez is pretty good.
If they get in the oil change, you're about every six months.
But that's like, uh, you know what it's like.
Exactly.
1127 at 560 QAM.
This is one you got to do.
Oh, this is one I got to do.
This is 560.
Not with UAM.
Welcome.
My A.
Welcome.
My A.
My A.
My A.
My A.
My A.
My A.
My A.
My A.
Hi, kids.
You all like cutting little stinkers?
That's a funny little sound that comes right out your stinkers?
Want to copy me into exactly like I do?
Get paid for writing little songs about boo-boo?
My brains all gone.
I'm trying to get my groove on.
But I can't figure out which spice, but what I'm gonna fart on.
Dr. Dre asked.
Yo, man, you passed, kid.
Yeah, I'm not.
What do I smell like?
Man, you look wet.
Well, since age 12, it seemed like I always smell like thought.
Gripping gases in jutsin' was pretty swell.
I got pissed off when I took my jeans off.
And thought it so hard, and turned my look to a backwards like Chris Crawler.
And every night I'm like, oh, get her mad.
Then the one at my ass passes the fat, fat, fat, fat, fat, fat, fat.
Smell this, honey.
Yo, there's no way to mess my girl, cuss.
I don't give a f***ing godseptice think for the world, though.
My A.
My A.
My A.
My A.
My A.
My A.
My A.
My A.
My A.
My A.
You can see you wanna me kick out back in junior high.
Yeah, the problem was, something pulled up my ass and died.
I shot him into face with my vapor.
The worst happened later, when I covered his desk with used toilet paper.
Walk in the strip club, my testers were filled up.
Moves the bar tanning took a dump and a tip cut up.
Went over to a dancer, had a f***ing agon.
She lifted a leg up, and I knew she was a pharter.
Nine and nine, sent him my life, I was lied to.
I just found out my mom got all gassed, and I knew.
I told her I broke up to be his famous rapper.
They were rapping about strange noises, made on the crap.
You know you was dirt when the women rushed to leave.
You'd drive the whole back, but you must need it to relieve.
The sky and white gaff instead of it was pretty cool.
But I had to go, go drop the kids off and move.
My A.
My A.
My A.
My A.
My A.
My A.
My A.
My A.
My A.
My A.
My A.
My A.
My A.
My A.
Every five 6 מקins, you have two.
And Hank will be out of sensitive yeah?
The Deep fuckin one, and that there was desperate gambling, the show is I can't believe itный got
Hank with Beale at five more gambling at hurricane hotline at 60.
Can't this city chiefs at the Baltimore Raven's Terms options NFL football?
Some like a desperate gang to win.
Here's the fact that say the best remedy for your throat is to boil some gonja tea
and drink it up and if you second your voice will be as clear as a bell take it
from me I'm a Jamaican woman.
Yaman is what it says.
I'll let you know if it works.
Okay.
Yeah, he ended up in that bong bring it to a full boil to a rolling boil.
Okay, we got two, three hundred open lines here again this morning.
See, I never should have said my voice was coming back.
That was a bad move.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's this morning's standings in the National Hockey League in the Herald.
Pacific Division of the Western Conference, San Jose in first place with 14 points.
Phoenix in second place with 10 points, Dallas in third place with 11 points.
So the Herald would tell you that 10 is more than 11.
And the verify would have to find gentlemen called before about.
Here it is Panther stats.
Ray Whitney, three goals, five assists, 11 points.
Victor Karslov, three goals, four points, four four assists, 10 points.
Robert Spayla, three goals, four assists, 10 points.
You know, it's what's the point, you know, what's the point, what's the use?
They have a bunch of 10 year old children.
And like I said, the 55 part series on the airport, the investigative, the exposé
is great.
But other than that, I wouldn't watch my ass, I wouldn't watch your ass with it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hollywood.
Oh, Dale.
Yes, sir.
Oh, I just wanted to say, great show, Neil.
And I got a good remedy for your throat.
Yeah.
I'll get up the ass.
How did I know that?
As soon as I heard that, the grizzled old horse.
Okay, one call left and a word.
That's it.
Then we'll place some music.
Get that guy down a little bit.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
But thank God he listens religiously every day.
He's probably doveting now.
He's probably going to Murey Preha Goffin.
He don't even know what it means.
Here's four, a lot of Dale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You can get the airport for Tony Buck from your house.
I bet you're pardoned.
What you do is go have somebody run you over to Port Lauderdale.
Airport, rent a car cheapest $120 a day.
Drive it down there.
Park it.
Turn it in.
When you get back, have another one ready for you.
Drive it home.
Take it back over to Port Lauderdale.
I'll see you.
That sounds practical to me.
Yeah, it's like 20 bucks.
By the way, the other thing on the airport situation,
we didn't have that when Big Judy was running it.
Yeah.
Yeah, but he wants to go in in Judy running the airport.
That's the problem.
Does that make any sense to you when he just said no five six seven oh five
60 pound five 60 on the 18 T wireless line 1600 open lines here.
No waiting.
Here's a mobile in adventurer.
Hello.
Okay, like I said, here's a mobile in Delray Beach.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
OK, sir.
I haven't had the opportunity to listen to you in a while.
I'm an old time listener and fortunately enough have a truck that has the
A.M. dial in it right now that I can have access to.
All right, but it sure is a pleasure to hear you again.
I wanted to say a few quick things.
I didn't get to calling yesterday on the subject of some of the political
people.
It's a shame that people like just the Ventura when they speak their mind,
like most of us would like to hear people politicians do for change at the
get ridiculed and shunned for it.
Yeah.
His popularity rating dropped from 73% before the
Playboy interview and now it's down to 54%.
Drop money points because he had the balls to tell the truth.
Yeah, I'd rather have a politician at life to make.
Thank you.
Anyway, and along with the football going on this year, I know that Hank and
some of the other people were talking about the mediocrity, which I think is true.
But I find it funny that even though they say that's happening, that they can say
someone has a harder schedule than somebody else.
I mean, if all the teams are mediocre and they're all good, it's all crap.
Yeah, it's, you know, I mean, what's the difference?
How can you have a harder schedule than somebody else?
But in favor of, I like a shameless request, something from the old vault that you still
have it on.
I don't know if you have it from my ID days, but Yamama for anyone who doesn't like
people speaking their mind in politics.
OK, thanks.
I have a great day.
Do we only have that back there on that cart?
Would you look in there?
Yeah, I don't know.
Oh, it is the cart is there.
How come it's not in here?
I don't know.
Oh my God.
I haven't heard that in a dog.
Who's age?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18T.
Why was it starting to run down?
I don't know.
It's not even noon yet.
Not even noon.
I guarantee you one thing.
These people wouldn't have showed up here today with a voice like this.
What they've shown up today?
No.
This crowd now.
21 till 12 at 5, 60 W Q a M.
This is 5, 60 Q a M.
Heal Roger.
God.
Yamma Navitude.
Yamma Navitude.
Yamma Navitude.
Rent party.
Say it.
Irritating.
Friends.
Let's live a time.
Yamma Navitude.
Yamma Navitude.
Rent party.
Say it.
Rent party.
Yamma Navitude.
Yamma Navitude.
Rent party.
Say it.
Rent party.
This is for the family that we call the Flintstone.
The car was made out of dinosaur bones.
There a page right out of history.
Red Vilma.
Betty and a husband bar.
And he read New York's old days out at the quarry.
Will the handle's pedal to no destroy it?
Devastino and bamboos.
Mr. Slate and the Great Consume.
It wasn't that great.
It stopped the car with the three toll beats.
And it played the record with a bird's big beat.
Some days maybe revel in the fight.
And that's just to stay out.
For the night, when the boss acts as brothers on the birds
rear end, the episode ain't over.
It's just began.
I hope you take my three-year historic ride.
So turn on the tube and have a gay old time.
Yamma Navitude.
Yamma Navitude.
Yamma Navitude.
Rent party.
Say it.
Rent party.
Yamma Navitude.
Yamma Navitude.
Yamma Navitude.
Rent party.
Say it.
Rent party.
This is for you.
Come on.
Yamma.
Say it.
Yamma.
Say it.
Yamma.
This is for you.
Yamma.
Five and a half minutes.
Yamma.
Say it.
Say it.
Five six seven oh five sixty.
Yamma.
Forty three hundred open lines waiting on you know waiting.
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18th year right as well.
Or wait non-yeah mama.
Yamma.
Here's popular.
Here's our last call of day.
Hello.
I went to the air for the other day in Miami.
Yamma Hispanic.
I feel sorry for any anglers going to the air for their.
Most of the people that worked or did not speak English.
Yeah.
I didn't understand when I came over to this country you were taught to learn the language.
There was no Creole, no bilingual.
This bilingual that you're creating a second class of citizen come there in Miami.
Yeah.
I'm so glad I got out of the count and moving to Broward.
Me too man.
Because it's pitiful down there.
Yeah I think that's the answer just leave it.
Yeah.
Just good.
Good talking to you Neil.
Thanks pal.
All right.
Talk to it again.
Five six seven oh five sixty.
Five sixty one eighteen two hundred five.
Thanks again for our lunch for Mackleine's real it was great as usual.
Here's a mobile in Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Not a mobile.
Like my friend in Broward says from the county line road to the South Pole there's not a government worth a damn.
Work in government over on the beach.
Jewish commissioners made a decision to hire a human manager on state and it's just open to floodgates.
Yeah.
There's nothing but.
Soon as you get one of them in there boy it's all over.
So friends relatives lovers girlfriend.
Yeah.
And these people don't come in at minimum wage.
They can't.
It's always a just not your socks off.
It's where your tax money is.
Okay.
How's the king of the disomega?
So the Jews haven't let the one in the first place.
That's right.
Well you know the Jews they always left their first scarps in the neighborhood just to be wise guys.
And then everybody else has to flee.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Jupiter.
Hello.
Hello Neil.
Yes sir.
Yeah I'm like by that other planet.
Anyway.
Yes.
Just like to say.
The pink is socks.
That's number one.
And number two I like.
Let me see this.
How what do you live?
Oh I live in Broward.
I grew up in day county.
Okay.
I think it was.
And I want to say this.
Jesse the body ventura.
Yeah.
You know how do you not love this guy?
It wants to keep everybody out of our bedroom.
He's a pro choice.
Yeah.
And he's a physical conservative that's contact.
What's the criminalized marijuana?
What's the legal prostitution?
What's to believe everybody to have a loan?
Right.
Right.
Let's see people with a mirror here.
A pandering jackass.
The market saw.
Yeah.
Why to them and tell them everything they want to hear.
Or a pandering jackass.
Because I thought people were.
A pandering jackass from Texas.
One of the other.
Yeah.
You see him playing.
Yeah.
And you know I got to get some food out of Jesse for Sam.
What he thought.
And there you go.
That's how pretty he is.
We are.
He dropped 20 points in this and the popularity fall.
You can't tell the American public the truth because at least half of them obviously can't deal with it.
Absolutely.
Okay.
God bless us all sir.
5670560.
Here's Neil just barely able to speak.
Just puking out a few words today.
Vegan for calls.
Vegan shamelessly.
They've been not slanting lady call any women calling from Dayton Browards.
Oh.
Anybody give a crad.
No.
No.
No.
Same old tired routine.
God it's so predictable down here.
Just a wasteland.
But they slept out there to see better middle or in the middle of a hurricane.
Nice going.
Here's my wife.
Hi.
Hello.
Hi, Amy.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
Okay.
I'm a gringo and I live in Dayton County.
Uh-huh.
And I like it.
You hear all these people about.
Oh I'm so glad I got out of Dayton County.
Meeting the Iowa.
I am glad I got out of Dayton County.
Every time I go to Broward County I feel like I'm watching reruns of the duke's hazard.
All right.
Well you must hang out with Davy then.
Well you can find somebody not to like wherever you go.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
So what is it you like about Dave County? You like what's happened to it?
Well, I don't think it's anything worse than what's going on in Broward.
I don't understand. Any of the things we've talked about, like when you go to...
Oh, and he hangs up. He hangs up.
You know what I think? He's an asshole.
Yeah. What's going on in Broward?
Not much. A lot of people die in old people.
But you know, something if I have to choose between that and all the chaos...
All the rampant political corruption payoffs and all the psychosis and all the rioting in the blocking of the streets and the demonstrations and the taking away of people's rights.
And you know, just like the thing with this Latin Grammys thing.
Oh, can't be if the American Airlines arena because we're going to have Cuban performers there.
Bruce Rogo says, by the way, of course he's a liberal, you know.
He's one of those Jews like me.
What else you are going to do with it?
I don't even know what the hell I did with it.
Well, anyway, he said, oh, here it is. It's right here in front of me.
He says, telling an organization that can't use a public facility because it wants to present Cubans is probably illegal.
Says Bruce Rogo, who won free speech cases representing the Cuban Museum and the rapper's two-live crew.
The county's policy is absurd on the first time an issue he said.
They're getting into the censorship business.
Wow, what a concept, huh?
There's something new for you.
They're getting into censorship business like that to Bulletin Bruce, like that's something new.
Speaking of the airport, anybody remember the Cigar office you're not on magazine?
That that bitch out there at the airport didn't like and just arbitrarily pulled off the shelves until they forced it to put it back?
Wasn't too happy with the story about Fidel and today's Cuba in there.
So therefore, he just went and doubt yanked it out.
There is absolutely, positively no understanding of America, of the First Amendment, of any kind of freedom in Dade County.
It is a total absolute freaking banana republic, period.
And for you to call here, sir, and then of course hang up and run away because you know I'm going to confront you with a reality and you can't deal with it because you're a coward.
He probably can't afford to get out of Dade County, which I can I can understand that but at least be honest enough to tell us that don't pretend how great it is.
And how proud is like the dukes of hazard.
I like John Snyder, okay?
Better when he was younger, I liked him a lot better.
What's wrong with John Snyder?
I rather live with as much a horses when instead of where there's a bunch of horses asses, I'll tell you that right now.
You jackass, you simple-ton-you loser.
Here's a mobile in Miami, hello.
Mobile in Miami.
Yeah?
Yes, sir.
How do you do, sir?
I do good.
I do anybody else?
I can.
I drive all day long.
There you go.
Highly or really any place in South Miami, you can't get directions from people out of the street.
Yeah.
No, say I'm going to English, I keep out.
Don't even bother anymore.
You get lost, you get turned around with these streets and highly impossible.
That's because I don't even ask anymore.
Only the street names have been changed to protect the guilty, that is correct.
That's the thing, yeah.
You only place in America where the streets have 47 different names.
Absolutely correct, sir.
That's what I was thinking.
That's right.
I was just thinking about the street name of the home because I couldn't understand the street sign.
That's right, you were to take me and I went home from the beach.
God's right, that's true.
Let me ask you one thing I got you on the phone.
What's all this stimulus about the Phil Henry?
I never heard him before until you mentioned him.
I turned him off from night to 10 waiting for you.
I can't stand him.
Yeah.
I don't find him funny.
I can't stand the shelf.
Wait, you know the phone.
I don't know how we're all the personality.
I don't hear it.
I don't get it.
You're the first, well, in the other guy who didn't even know who he was called.
You're like the second caller that I've had since he's come back on the air.
I don't even understand what the heck he's doing.
Probably.
Phil's a very talented guy, but once you're onto his act, once you know the routine, it gets very ponderous.
I can't get a very funny guy about once every 10 days.
I don't know what he's doing out of my career.
He's the real thing.
As far as all the stimulus is concerned, I haven't had anybody at the hockey game anywhere else.
I haven't had one person say to me, gee, it's really entertaining.
I'm glad he's back at whatever I haven't heard any comment about it.
It's probably the best kept secret in history.
I never heard him before until you spoke about him.
I hear all your calls.
He's great.
So I want him to listen waiting for you.
Nine to 10.
I can't stand it.
I rather listen to the news.
There you go.
God bless you, sir.
Thank you, sir.
And I have a great life.
See, there you go.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Jigs MacDonald is going to be reading hockey scores from noon to two,
because you people are such a bunch of deadheads today.
Let's bring Jigs in here and see if he can get the first score right?
Okay. You know Jigs MacDonald?
Here's a chance for Bill Stewart taking the puck.
Watch it on goal.
Speak for!
Bill Stewart, Sam Stewart has given the pattern a 4-1 lead.
Thank you, Jigs.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello, or Davey, where we're doing?
Hello.
Hello.
Oh, it's Duke's of Hazard Country, yes, sir.
Two things, Neil.
When you were a born and rat-chester?
Yes.
I was born in Buffalo.
Did you used to watch the rat-chester team in the International Hockey League?
No, I watched the rat-chester team in the American Hockey League, the Amherst.
Oh, the Amherst.
But I thought they played better than some of these things in NHL today.
Yeah.
I think they were wrong, but that's beside the point.
Well, I see these guys trying to pass and they're sick play.
You think it's so sloppy because the huge curve on the sticks that...
I think what's so sloppy?
Well, they go to pass once or another and the puck keeps bouncing off.
I see some of these sticks they have that look like a balletter.
How are you going to pass and everything would such a curve stick as such a straighter one?
Yeah, I prefer it not quite so straight myself.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound-pie.
If you're over the age of 100, we don't want to talk to you.
We wish you all a luck in the world.
We congratulate you for your longevity and your great genes.
And whenever else, get out of here.
I don't talk to old farts, okay?
Ever.
Where's the women?
Where's the freaking women here today?
Here's a lady in Aventura. Hello?
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi. I don't really have much to say.
I just want to say that I live in Aventura and even though it's North State County,
I mean, I enjoy it.
Yeah.
I'd rather live there than Davy or Plantations.
You'd rather live in Aventura than in Plantations?
Yes.
Oh my god.
I'm from New York and I think it's more...
Oh, you like all the New Yorkers there?
All the old New Yorkers, is that it?
Well, it's a young community now.
Amateurase?
I don't hang out there much, I don't know.
Yeah, it's very nice.
Do you remember when they were in speaks English?
Yeah, I remember when speaks English.
Oh, good. That's good.
Maybe I'll move to Aventura. How's that?
Move. It's good.
Okay.
They're nice apartments now.
Okay. Oh, apartments.
You don't have a house?
A townhouse.
Oh, a townhouse. No.
Yeah.
Can't have two dogs in a townhouse.
No.
What's around for a good house for me?
Okay.
Okay.
Okay, thanks.
Okay, four minutes to noon.
What are you laughing about?
What's wrong with Aventura?
That's the new...
The RT Farsi.
That's the place to be now, especially if you got a lot of money.
You got the big bucks like me.
You moved Aventura, okay?
Keep the goy-am out.
This is 560.
UAL.
Dolphins football.
Sports radio.
560.
You Aventura.
W-C-A-M.
My amy boy carter.
Premium beer.
You've found a red dog.
You've chugged a red wolf.
Now open your mouth and wrap your lips around a red cock.
Red cock's foamy head will lead you breathless.
Red cock goes down easy and it's never hard on your throat.
So reach into that box and wrap your fingers around a long neck red cock.
You can shake it and spray it all over.
Remember, you can't eat a red cock.
Just look for the label with a big red pecker on the front.
Trouble 2 at 560 WQM.
The voice is coming back good now.
You want no why?
Because Joe Costello was just kind of enough to bring me in these nice little hard candies.
That they're already grown.
Yeah, macaroni grilled broadamens.
Of course, you didn't bother telling me that they were there.
I was gonna.
No you weren't.
You saw what?
These are great.
When you got a bad problem like this, when your throat is all messed up like that,
you got to have something hard to suck on.
And this is doing the trick for the moment.
God, like a magic.
Do you hear the difference?
Or maybe it was lunch.
Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Tell me what you're doing.
Okay sir.
Hey, last night I was watching this door special on television.
Yeah.
And they showed the deal with what's that?
Is he still dead?
Yeah, last time I checked.
Okay.
They showed the deal down in Miami where he took it out.
What did he mean is two?
Uh-huh.
And apparently censorship was going on back there in the 60s and it just continues right on
today in the same mode.
What do you mean by that?
The other thing.
What do you mean by that?
Well, I mean, there's censor in this Cuban band and they're allowing these protesters to
ask people coming in and out.
Well, how do you compare that with ripping out your penis and on stage in a concert?
Do you see a computer?
Is there some kind of a right to do that in a constitution?
No, absolutely not.
I don't even, it's not even for a minute.
Is that like the 69th amendment?
No, but you, I don't know if you remember the time or if you saw the piece last night, but basically
20 different states banned the band.
Oh yeah.
Because of different things that were going on at their shows that didn't know anything to do with nudities.
Hey, look at Elvis Presley as benign as he was.
His music was banned and a lot of it had 100 stations.
Absolutely.
And that's the whole point.
This is nothing new.
It's just sad that it's still continuing.
Yeah.
The other thing is why is it when people live up north and they have a big snowstorm, they get out of work,
they get out of school, they get off everything?
Yeah.
We have a friggin tropical storm coming here and they don't even close down the school.
Well, you know, on the front page of one of the papers, I guess it's the heraldest morning.
Forecasters, Urgent, Player, Flexibility when hurricanes are anywhere near.
And this max may feel this old fart that had been directed to the National Hurricane Center says,
how many world could people hear what we were saying, see that huge area of rain coming at us and not take action?
And now it's the people's fall.
We're still good and they gave us adequate warning which they did not.
They did not.
Absolutely not.
The only reason I think they didn't is because with sloit, they made a big uproar and this storm turned and missed us
and everybody was all pissed, including me, that we boarded up our houses and all this and it never comes.
But now that we've got to be here, next time the storm comes, we're just going to blow it off.
But now because they blew it two times in a row, they have no credibility.
So even with this Jose thing which they insist is going to go do north because of the cold front that's coming out,
everybody is still on pins and needles watching because they have no credibility, nobody believes them.
The best thing to do is just send everybody outside the data storm.
The best thing they do is keep your eye on it.
Absolutely, and the storm too.
Right.
Thanks Neil.
And have a great day.
Keep your thumb on it and keep your eye on it baby.
And you'll be okay.
A little lesson for all your kids out there, keep your eye on it.
That's what Colombo said.
Five, I'd say Sammy Davis but they don't know who that is.
Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
How you doing?
Pretty good sir.
I want to respond to that dumb bitch that called two callers ago from Aventura.
Oh yeah.
Let me tell you why Dave County sucks.
Okay.
There's no, there's a huge disparity between the walls.
Either like Dave County if you're really, really rich because there's hardly a middle class.
Yeah, she lives in Aventura while the goddamn wealthy people live.
What's the big deal about that?
Well yeah, she's loving all the Jews are there.
It's nice.
It's good.
Boy.
You want to see Jews let her come to sunrise.
Well, the thing is we got more Jews in sunrise, lakes than Chileversea in Aventura.
You can go, go, go, go, have a look.
Good you Jan.
Try for the rope a lot.
I'm sure the people there are really telling you they love Dave County.
Yeah, sure.
I mean, Brown County, yeah, you know what?
It's not the greatest county of the world but the other's a middle class.
You don't have to be the richest person to enjoy life.
Broward County based as far as the world is concerned, Broward County is a toilet.
But as far as South Florida is concerned, Broward County is paradise.
Yeah, she was a dumb bitch.
Yeah.
Bye.
Thank you.
By the way, what are we going to do about all these goddamn handicapped parking spots?
No, I never talk about this because I don't want to sound insensitive.
I've talked about it maybe once before.
I'm so sick and God-den-tired of looking for a parking spot either at the airport.
Or in a parking lot somewhere like my veterinarian is over.
Oh, by the way, thanks, Dr. West.
Time is doing great.
No, she's good, Dr. West.
Over there at the Central Park Animal Clinic, they're very good.
Although she's a little bit hyper.
I think you used to.
You know, and a little bit hysterical.
If you don't start, it smells like cancer.
But, but no, you know, she's very thorough and she's very good.
But that particular, isn't that called the Promenade Shops?
Clear in Nub Hill for that publics and that bank that used to be there?
Oh, yeah.
You know that bank?
It's not there anymore, but anyway.
Rhymes with Haitians Bank.
But at any rate, so my veterinarian is over there and try to find a parking spot in that place.
Impossible.
And every time I go there, when I have to take my dogs over there, which thank God isn't too often.
But they've got these big, wide, handicraft parking spots.
There's never anybody in them.
Not even people with phony handicapped stickers like, you know, like that, you know.
You go to the airport?
You go up and down.
You're looking for a parking spot at MIA all over the place.
And you see these big, huge, open spaces.
On the end of almost every row, they've got one for people with, um, strollers.
They're green.
You see the little green signs?
Take your goddamn strollers and...
Yeah.
Like what gives them the right because they got a little punky kid with a strawer.
Oh, we got a special spot here for you right on the end.
I would say 99% of people like got babies that young that they got a stroller in the car.
They're young people.
They're young parents.
They're strong.
They're healthy.
They got plenty of energy.
We did all right without those things.
A daughtering old fart like me.
A fat old fat like me that don't want to walk 60 miles to the goddamn thing near to the terminal.
Your ankles might just integrate.
That's right.
But the handicap parking spots, millions and millions, they must think that everybody's a GIMP.
They must believe that.
And you know something?
They're always empty.
99%.
And of course, that's the law you understand.
The hands of Criplabi, they got to go this thing going here in Florida.
And they forced them to make all these zillions of handicap parking spaces that they don't need.
So how do we get ourselves a fake handicap?
Let's go talk to watch your name.
Doesn't fight rich heavily with.
I think it's a good time for a break now.
Why do you hate so many people?
Why do you hate that man?
Why do you hate him?
I love that.
Remember a sex of benign guy.
You know what?
Once you get to know him, he never stole a meal and they get to yell.
He's a good, who?
Oh, if I rich.
And now you're lumping him in with rumors.
So I told you you hate him.
Nine minutes passed, noted QAM.
This is 560 QAM.
This is the most disgusting program.
I urge everyone to complain to this station.
One, two, three.
The Indian Army is in the black river.
Let the task down the tower.
Let the police take you to the bay.
Oh!
Just known the front porch hair down my back.
14 shivis up on the jet.
I'll drink that beer.
Never get full.
All day long at the tractor full.
Plants all home.
Ever face a bus.
Saturday comes when I'm married, my cousin.
He wants to have the wedding at the boat, all the fame.
That's the grump last night.
Almost at the tower, and he knows he's my devil.
The names of my belt and a John Deere hand.
16 dogs and 13 kids.
Go on to the bay.
I can't son but I'm still a little bigger than this.
Oh my God.
I can't see the two of us.
The Indian is forty-my.
It might be so.
This is the analysis of how to attack it.
I tailgate in my big fort to read them signs.
Baby, of course.
I hate them signs that make me nervous.
No shoes, no shirt, no service.
I love my idols.
I hate joking.
Richard, Betty, and Big Park Coast.
How's that?
My bumper is a little bit.
I hate clicking the student your heart.
Pretty good.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
I want to buy the baby.
I don't think redneck is all those beans.
Kidney beans.
They're beans.
Here's the mobile in Carroll City.
Cooper City.
Hello.
Yes, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
First off on the first time caller.
All right.
Two things to say.
First off, to George about what we can.
We can't see a lot of یہ.
He also sees it inels.
Do you miss him a lot?
Everyone fives a great smells.
As something smells so great?
All right.
Next round.
Yeah.
We have no rights in this country.
Yes.
You're absolutely right.
Speaking of experience, I am a 50-year-old Jewish guy.
Oh!
Who happened to have gotten caught in a conspiracy,
staying involved in a little marijuana?
And the government managed to take away everything I owned,
including my business, my business.
Isn't that lovely?
And everything else.
And proceeded to want to sell it all back to me.
Uh-huh.
You have a maybe wholesale?
No, they didn't want wholesale.
They wanted retail.
So this is a pipe-a-thing that's going on.
And I don't know how it's ever going to stop.
Also, I agree with you about, I've traveled about everywhere there is in the world.
And this country is about the least livable place there is for civilized people.
Yeah.
I mean, I mean, I'm the so-called Westernized countries, I would agree with you.
I mean, you know, we're not talking about China.
We're not talking about the Middle East and about places where the women have to walk around with veils over their heads.
And but I know both countries, but other than that, I would agree with you.
Exactly.
Now what people think it is.
And Phil Hendry had me fixing in my pants as I rolled down the roads when he was on FDU.
I used to crack up and I don't know why people don't see that he's that funny.
Some people that have been calling in.
Yeah.
I just think that he was one of the best things that have been short of you.
Okay.
Well, he's worried about it.
That's what he says.
Okay.
That's what I have to say and thanks for being on the...
And have a great day.
Thank you.
Okay.
So what do you say?
He wishes he gets married.
Don't go in again, sir.
Don't go in again.
The wicked weed, maybe it's the wicked weed.
That's the problem in America.
The wicked weed.
I think if we had more people smoking pot right now, including all those DEA agents, oh they are.
I'm sorry.
All those assholes.
We probably may have a lot.
In fact, if we had more kids smoking pot, they probably wouldn't be going around blowing
things that he frames out.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8 pound.
But you see people are so easily manipulated, you know?
And just even Tura comes along and tells you the goddamn truth and right away,
boom, overnight drops 20 points in the popularity rating soon as on state.
Because he had the audacity to tell people the truth that they're weak and stupid.
I mean, what's wrong with that?
Doesn't make you a bad person.
You can be the nicest person in the world and be weak and stupid.
Over the years, we've met a lot of people who fall in that category.
They weren't like bad people.
You just thought that I was stupid, stupid?
Yeah, there you go.
That's a good example.
Here's a mobile in Miami Beach.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
I'd like to respond on that schmuck who called himself a gringo from Dave County.
Yeah.
The cow who hung up on you?
Let me tell you something.
That guy doesn't know his ass from his elbow.
I've lived with Dave County for about three years and I'm already ready to get the hell out of you.
Last night I went to a restaurant before it was the best meal in my life.
You know why?
Because everybody spoke English.
I went to another restaurant the other night.
Exactly.
The other night I went to another restaurant in order to buy a katana.
The stupid dumbass brought me out of Budwaz.
That's close.
All right.
That's the first problem that Schmuck who hung up on you.
If he had any balls, he'd move to Broward County.
No, we don't want him, man.
We don't want him.
He's an ass car patch in 100,000.
He's probably a Marlin's fan for Christchurch.
We'll give you a passport, but he's out.
His application's been declined.
Exactly.
Also that broad-to-calf or mandatory, you don't have a phone number, do you?
Five-six, no, George has though.
Five-six, seven-oh five-sixty, pound five-sixty on the AT&T Rylos line.
See, that's why we don't get too many lady callers who get on the year.
We have a million lady callers who call, but when George starts asking a lot of personal questions,
and they get to the phone number part, they magically disappear.
We have millions and millions of female callers.
They just never get to me.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, you ought to make a best of taste of all those little bitties you have,
and donate the profits to the Save Miami Airport Fund.
I should have called about that.
I think with the money I paid for parking the last 10 years there, I think they should be in pretty good shape.
I was given a few dollars myself.
I was calling about those articles, and really good articles, but today was a little...
Well, kind of missed the point a little bit about the retail mix at MIA.
I mean, certainly this business of proneyism, and people who know people getting in with businesses there,
certainly sucks, but the answer isn't, you know, more Disney stores, more gaps, and more McDonald's.
I mean, you know, why not bring in, you know, some competitive bid local businesses?
I've left a lot through Denver a lot, and you see a lot of stores that you don't see anywhere else.
I mean, what do we need another frigging Disney store at Miami Airport?
I don't think that that's the point.
In other words, it doesn't have to be Disney, and it doesn't even have to be McDonald's.
But that's just an example that they're using, that anybody who wasn't on the pan somebody off
and wasn't smear on somebody somewhere doesn't get in.
That's the point.
Yeah, I agree with you.
Just that the heralds, you know, points to Disney being disappointed that they can't get in.
Well, you know, there are a lot of local businesses, and I'm sure would like to get in there,
and there are competitive bid prices, and those are the kind of businesses that like to see at MIA.
So, it'd be nice if they brought that up.
Anyway, hey, one thing for you to throw.
Anything with Luc Eucalyptus helped that throw a thing for you.
All right, thanks.
Okay, anybody got any Eucalyptus?
No.
No.
What?
That's the active ingredient in the olipid.
All of the olipid.
That's true.
But you know something?
These are doing better.
I, the halve mental lipids have never done squat for me.
Yeah, every time I get a cool, I start sucking on the halve mental lipids, and they do nothing.
Now, the ones without sugar, they do something.
Yeah, they make it because they're loaded with sorbitol, they make you crap your brains out.
And the ones with sugar, they send your blood sugar soaring high.
So as long as I'm going to do that, I'm going to have these suck on these hard little candies.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18TY.
That's coming along.
Let's make a little comeback.
I'll guarantee you by tomorrow.
Be home.
Here's the lady in Margate.
Hello.
Lady in Margate.
Yes, hello, Neil.
Yes, man.
Yes, about the stadium.
And the stadium.
Yeah, you know, getting the money and possibly raising taxes.
And people don't want them, but I'm from the Rochester area.
Yeah.
And Codec gave the ballpark lot to the Rochester Red Wing.
So that helps when you have a nice company giving out property.
Yeah.
I'm just saying, you know, probably they wouldn't do that down here to help our Marlins, but.
Well, what do you mean to help our Marlins?
I understand what you mean by that.
Well, the Red Wing, they had...
They said that.
I understand that.
But I don't think the Red Wing's have a $400 million stadium.
And our last time I checked, I think the Red Wing's publicly owned.
I don't know exactly how much it cost, but the tax pay was had to pay for it.
No, no.
But the Red Wing's are publicly owned now.
Well, this was one of...
I'm pretty sure of that.
This is when they wanted their stadium.
I lived up there.
Silver stadium.
Yeah.
It's not silver anymore.
Well, whatever it's called.
Yeah.
But it's publicly owned the team.
It isn't owned by a private man who's worth billions of dollars, who's expecting the taxpayers to build a stadium and somebody to donate him the land.
The taxpayer had to pay for that stadium.
Governor Cuomo was governor.
Man, let me say it for the fifth time.
It's a publicly owned team, I believe.
The team was in big, big trouble.
I remember reading years ago and it's a...
They went public.
They raised money by going public.
And I believe it's a publicly owned team.
Well, whatever.
They had help getting there.
Okay.
Thank you.
Oh, I have such pains and the sides of my eyes.
The bones in my face ache from that call.
She must be from Orondacore.
Wow.
You see what I mean about the fine art of conversation?
I'm not trying to be argumentative.
I'm just trying to have a conversation.
A little verbal intercourse.
I'm not shouting because I don't have the voice to shout.
I'm not screaming.
I'm not yelling.
I'm not carrying on.
I'm just trying to have a little verbal exchange.
And I might as well be going, like that.
She doesn't get the point.
All I can say is...
I must be crazy.
I must be nuts.
Exactly.
Here's Key Largo.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, what's that?
How you doing, sir?
Yeah, how's that dirty frog in your throat?
It's on the way out.
It needs not having that for you to start smelling like one.
Uh-huh.
That lady must have been deaf.
She didn't get it, did she?
Hi, I only...
What was it?
Fourteen times I tried telling her the same thing about 72 times.
She's out there.
How about those panthers?
Looking good.
Kids awesome, and they finally got a net tender that can do something.
Yeah, Trevor kid played great last night, boy.
He was unbelievable.
He was awesome.
I was hoping he wasn't hurt.
I'm glad he didn't get hurt.
Yeah, he was.
I think I'm down there for a while.
But he...
Where did that shot hit him anyway?
I saw him start to shot me.
I think he...
I think he had him right mid-chest there.
Well, he went down like he got hit by an oozzy.
Yeah, I thought he got shot.
I thought somebody was trying to do in the panthers there.
No, I'll tell you one thing.
Our goal-tending is solid.
We can kiss the ground on that shot.
Oh, look at him over here.
Hopefully we can keep it up, and that's very...
It isn't even in there.
That's right.
Look how good they're playing now without him, and wait till he gets back in there.
I know.
Wait till Bill Stewart comes back, whoever he is.
They're going to be kicking some A, baby.
That's right.
Hey, Bill is incredible.
By the way, that guy that was saying before he didn't get it, he didn't have the brains to get it, I guess.
Yeah, okay.
I haven't been...
I've been switching when the commercials come on.
You guys...
I've been switching, but it night fills on too, so I get to listen to you and him.
There you go.
Oh, it's awesome.
Good choice, Bill.
You guys should have stuck together.
You guys could have stuck together the radio big week would have had a bunch of money in their pocket.
They just didn't get it either.
They don't get it.
Okay.
All right, now.
See you.
Bye.
Okay, 56050560.
0560 on the 18T line.
26 past noon at QAN.
I have my nose up kneels and asks.
Hi, Felicia.
Gini, I love your dress.
And your hair looks so shiny and manageable.
Are you still shampooing with head and shoulders?
I guess, Dick.
I've thought using head and shoulders a long time ago.
I mean, honestly, who grows hair on their shoulders anyway?
Yeah, right.
So, what are you using now?
Well, it's light-telling shoulders only without all those additives.
It's just called Chad.
Let's tell them about it, girls.
If you tie your dog your own hair, put your hair around the bed and be lazy.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Don't you remember what I said?
Chad, you'll feel better if you get some head.
Wow.
Where can I get that?
Lots of places, chicks.
You can stop by my place later and I'll be happy to give you those heads.
In 15 minutes, I'll have you shampooed, dialed, and blown dry.
Gee, you don't miss a lick, do you?
Ten sounds great, but is it expensive?
Not at all, chicks.
I'd rather say there are places downtown where you can get head for less than $10.
Jolly, that's that price.
Everyone should be getting head.
That's right, Jack.
When you say head, you set a mouthful.
Hi, I'm Dr. Raymond Foulotti.
From Freedom Industry.
Here's a tell us why you should get head.
First, at Lubricate, each limp hair follicle, leaving in a wrecked listening shaft, then the scalp's natural oils are sucked out of the root,
leaving your hair soft, shiny, and exhausted.
Nothing does the job like head.
Great.
Can I get head for my hairdresser, Bruce?
Probably, but you might want to try your girlfriend first.
Go out and get some head, get head.
Yeah, and then the squirt goes on all the way.
Yeah, yeah.
You'll look better and you'll feel better.
Yeah, Dan, you get head.
You're a nutty step.
One hair with lots of volume.
Nothing gets it up like head.
Available at a price you won't find hard to swallow.
And it's going down every day.
Connie, we're out in shampoo.
Can you go out and get some head?
What did you say?
I said I want you to go out and get head.
Oh, thank you.
Sweet Jesus.
I'm going down, down.
And head makes a great holiday gift.
Last Christmas, my wife gave me some head.
Then I gave her a pearl necklace.
I've never seen her so choked up.
My girlfriend used to give me head, and then we got married.
Now I'm lucky if I get Jurgons lotion and a national duet.
When you touch, you will want to touch.
And feel the good, my love y'all talk.
You can touch in the shower, you want to pump.
You can't pump.
If you try and have your hook and twist.
And get a straightening and feeling so.
And get me never to put on a cap.
And get me a better head.
And you get some head.
You feel better if you get some head.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, god.
Head shampoo.
Come on.
Give it a shot.
My hair looks great.
You're the nap.
Some 54 or 5, 50, WQM.
By the way, behavior drugs, bad panel says.
Remember what I was telling you about over and over again?
A panel of advocates told an audience appearance
in the Dylan High School cafeteria Wednesday night.
To steer their children clear of riddling
and other mood-altering drugs that they consider addictive
and destructive.
How do you like that?
All these kids bouncing off the walls all over America.
And you want them to why?
They're in sugar shop.
That's right.
So let's give them a bunch of dangerous medication.
Let's give them riddling.
But of course you people don't care about your kids.
So why should we mention it in the first place?
56705.
Let me, let me, again, hats off to that 13-year-old girl.
That was her name?
Where is it?
Jenny Lobas.
Lobas.
Lobas.
What's her name?
Nice going, Jenny.
Just another day in paradise and I want out, she says.
She can't get out of South Florida fast enough
because she understands this isn't a place for young people.
This is a place for dead people.
And for the animal people.
And professional crooks.
And of course don't forget if we get casino gambling,
we'll have a lot of crime.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil, good afternoon.
Yes, sir.
I have a few observations and then I'd like to tell you seriously why I give you a serious reason why someone ought to stay in Dave County.
Yes.
The observations, our national immigration policy or lack of it, has managed to change the historical makeup of this country.
The ethnic social makeup of this country altered it considerably.
And I don't remember anybody, any politician, asking the citizenry whether they agreed with that fundamental change in our nation's makeup.
Fundamental change of what?
The ethnic makeup of the country.
Dave County is just an example of a serious example, a way out example, but nonetheless just an example.
What are four fathers called it manifest destiny or a call?
Well, what are the four fathers have to do with immigration for Crano?
Well, the most of the immigration in the first wave of it took place in the earlier part of the century because of the industrial revolution.
And we've lost all these people to be a cheap workers.
That's why they all were allowed to come in by the million by the boat load.
What I'm getting at is what was created by initially by conquest really or even purchase.
Has in the past 25 years by the mindless actions of politicians who seem to care only for creating new block votes as fundamentally changed the makeup here in Dave County.
Well, what does Dave County have to do with the price of peanuts?
I mean, we do live here, but Dave County's a turd and a punchball as far as the US is concerned.
Dave County's a couple million people out of about 270 million.
It's actually there's actually more to it than that.
In addition to which the federal government has all been written off Dave County, they don't care about anymore.
So what they don't.
Apparently, apparently goes back to the Reagan days. They don't care what goes on here.
But similar things are happening in Southern California and in Mexico or in the Texas.
Well, that's only because of geography. That's because the Pope keeps making all these people in Latin America,
reproduced millions and millions and millions of babies who can't get jobs there and who keep pouring illegally across the border.
And because like you said, this country doesn't have a serious immigration policy and anybody who can get in, they get in.
Now bringing it into Miami, date or whatever you want to call this place.
Yes. I've been here.
What are you saying, sir? What are you trying to say?
I'm getting to it.
Please. Soon.
Sometime today.
I've been here since 1961 and watched the changes.
You used the term a couple of callers ago. You said, we can stupid.
Well, personally, I don't mind stupid because that's nature or some people would say God or whatever doing that.
But the arrogance that in this community is superimposed over that stupidity is what I find intolerable, particularly because that arrogance.
And now you're going to tell us why you have to stay in date county. After all of this, you're going to tell me why it's great to stay in date county.
Yep.
Yeah.
And that is.
You want me to get to that?
Please.
I'm going to get to you for our show, sir.
I want you to get to you.
Okay. I'll give you one exceptional reason why one should stay in date county.
Yes.
Notwithstanding the big school board member.
Don't give me notwithstanding. Get to the meat of the matter. Get to it.
Don't give me a bunch of preludes, prefaces, for play.
The meat is this.
Give me the meat.
In date county, there are schools called magnet schools.
Yes. They're at the elementary, middle, and high school levels.
Yes. For example, they also have magnet schools in Broward County.
Indeed. However, there is no international magnet program in Broward County, for example.
Children in date county, providing a qualify.
It's not a broad brush.
It can be educated in French, in German, and in actual Spanish.
Yes.
With the curriculum, the teachers, etc.
etc. coming from those countries.
Yes.
And when they graduate, they get not only high school diploma.
Well, people who are calling that are moving out of date county, they don't care about any of that.
But that is the only...
Okay. Thank you.
Bye.
Bye.
Oh.
Why do I do that?
Every now and then, I just...
You know, I want to be nice.
I want to go...
Because people say, you hang up on everybody.
I want to listen because he pretends he's got something to say.
Did he have anything to say?
No.
Anything else to do besides a jaded brutal of American immigration poverty and his own.
No.
And so on.
Right there, that call was all the reason you need to Van Moose from date county.
20 before 1 at 5.50 WQAM.
We're right on the border of Howard.
Where's the galley stock, okay?
Okay.
Only in the Banana Republic, baby.
Only in Miami.
Squirt, Squirt.
Down through the strip point, back to the toe.
If your dollar in the car doesn't have to go.
He said honey, got money for you.
Oh, when you pick them, they back into the private room.
When they hand up.
Hand up.
Hand up.
Hand up.
That's it, that's it, hand up.
Hand up.
Take your clothes off, gee, it's just.
I brought a whole seat down to like a two-lif�.
Thinking of a fake robe, love is fun.
You can only buy the fell if you tell where it's at.
Hand up.
Hand up.
Hand up.
Hand up.
That's it, hand up.
The girls just tend to win big back guys.
You know how to make a bold dress.
Back then, they'd take you to the shelter in the house.
We would need the skis to lock on the tower.
Hand up.
Hand up.
Hand up.
That's it, hand up.
So how's the Wilka Brian's car doing by the way?
13-till-a-one.
That's good, he sends in the stuff on disk and we don't have to see him.
Or give him a check.
Sounds like he got a range of it to me.
Here's Miami, hello.
How you doing?
Okay, sir.
I just want to throw a happy up in the last two months.
I lived in West Kendall for nine years.
And now I live in Wellaby.
Are you familiar with Wellaby?
It's in front of us.
Where's that?
It's up in the upper north hill between Oakland and commercial.
Oh yeah.
What a difference.
Oh, there's County.
I mean, it's like, it took me nine years to get my passport because I'm an American.
Right.
But I finally got it.
And the only thing about Broward County is they accept the only place that it's really bad is I'm University Drive North to sunrise
because the median age is death.
But other than that, you can actually drive around in Broward, most places, and get from point A to point B.
And it's not like the end of the world.
The reason I got out of the Kendall out of Kendall years and years ago was that even back then,
Kendall Drive and Sunset, all of it, it was so goddamn crowded, you couldn't get anywhere.
And then of course, if you did ever get east a little bit, you wound up on the goddamn so-called Dixie Highway,
which is, and now it's gridlock.
Right.
The joke.
And for that, and for the first time in nine years, I go into a place and not be afraid to ask a question because I can get an answer.
Yeah.
You must not shop at the sod raise then.
Well, you know, I'm all around up there.
Actually my location is fantastic.
You can go east, west, I can go north, south.
Right.
In Kendall, you're locked in down there.
And another thing about looking down in Kendall is you're, I mean, where are you going to go?
You're going to go to Homestead?
There's no place to go, no matter where you want to go, you're a million miles away from there.
Exactly.
I was 20 miles from work in Kendall, which took me an hour to get home.
Right.
Now I'm 33 miles from work and I'm home in 40 minutes.
Well, God bless you.
Let me tell you a minute.
It's just fantastic.
Like what pressure is down on a different person?
I'm back in the USA, Neil.
Nice going, pal.
Okay.
God bless you.
God bless you.
I'll pray for you.
Okay.
A Ruchha Tau Donoy.
Pavel Burrey-Priha Goffa.
I didn't drink the wine.
See, that's why I didn't play last night.
If I would have drank the goddamn wine, then he would have been in the lineup.
We didn't need him.
Just heal up Pavel, okay, and stop abushing us, too, by the way.
We'll call the goddamn Russian mafia on you.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, Pavel 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
How are we going to get some more ashes in the seats?
One of the problems here, number one, it's not the season yet.
I hate to say the season, but this is still a horse and buggy seasonal town.
And number two, the early schedule is like mostly a bunch of, you know, one Detroit was here.
I was out of town at weekend, but when Detroit was here,
and the Panthers beat by the way, two to one,
but they had a real good crowd that night, almost 19,000 on a Saturday night.
But you know, Vancouver, I hate to break the news to you.
They got a pretty exciting team.
They got a lot of good players, but nobody wants to see them.
Not here, not in the States.
Calgary tomorrow night.
I mean, oh, come on.
I'll guarantee you there'll be a,
a brewery will be in the lineup tomorrow, boys and girls.
I'll bet you $50 million that brewery will be in the lineup tomorrow night.
Of course, it might be family, brewery,
who's his younger brother plays for Calgary flames, but nevertheless.
Oh, there's another brewery.
Who's that?
I'm sorry.
Yeah, yeah.
I think I can get started again about those people,
especially that guy that sits in front of me.
And I know he listens, or at least he,
because he knows everybody.
He's just there to schmooze.
And he spends half the game.
Hey, you're Frank!
And!
And!
Frank!
Oh, and Frank!
And he's speaking, you know.
Oh, my God.
This guy, just a schmoozer.
Get out of there already, okay?
Take a few weeks off, pal.
Here's a mobile in North Miami.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
I got a really good story for you.
And over the weekend, I visited an aunt who had a book.
She wanted me to read.
She knew I wouldn't read it, because it was religious oriented.
Oh, God.
So she said, oh, hey!
This is to sit down, I want to read you something.
This is the only way she could really get me to listen.
It was called, maybe you've heard it.
It's been on the best solo list for about three years.
It's called, Conversations with God.
Oh, yeah.
Have you ever heard of it?
Yes, sure.
You have heard of it.
Okay.
Read me this book.
I was ready for it.
Oh, see, I'm going to read you conversations with them.
Good.
So you know what I'm to the book I'm talking about.
I haven't read it, obviously.
I mean, it really blew my mind because I wasn't expecting it.
It's like this guy says that he basically went out to the woods one day.
He was screaming at God and started hearing in his mind.
Not really voices, but answers.
So he went to basically write down these answers.
So the book is basically, he's talking to God.
He's talking to God.
It's like answers him in the most.
The answers were really, I don't know if a human being could ever come up with that.
But it was pretty interesting.
You got to take it with a grain of salt because it's, you know, it's hard to believe.
What I'm going to do is I'm going to have a shaker of Morton Salt next to it when I'm reading it.
Keep it on it.
Yeah.
Basically, so I thought that's probably what the guy was doing out there in the woods.
He was hitting on it.
So I guess you've heard of that.
I'm sorry.
It wasn't very good.
What do you mean?
It didn't, not too much for you today.
It was too much, yeah.
Have a good one.
And back to you.
Conversations with...
Damn, God!
Yeah.
And like I've told you before over the last 23 years, the number of really assimilating conversations I've had on these shows
would make for a very, very small, what about three-page book?
Yeah, a couple of pages.
But that's all right.
It kills some good time, baby.
And we're still here kicking ass.
And spider-what-some people think we're kicking ass and I can't even talk.
Wait till I can speak.
I've come, I've got my voice back, by the way.
You notice?
I haven't even noticed that.
I got my goddamn voice back.
If you tune in late, which I really doubt.
But...
I don't know if it's all those things.
Huh.
It must have been the Hallsman polypis.
And it must have been the hard candies I sucked on.
And the delicious lunch from the macaroni grill.
What do you think?
That's what I think did it, man.
And then of course, conversations with God.
And what maybe was the salt on the pages.
Yeah, always good to have a shaker or a more than salt while you're reading a bunch of crap like that.
Because you can sprinkle it on the pages.
And if it doesn't go good reading, maybe it's good eating.
Maybe that could meant it would be the new diet.
By the way, the American Dietetic Association, I got a question for you.
If the Atkins diet is so dangerous and so bad, as you people say, and so unsound,
give us the answer.
Tell us what does work, huh?
How do we lose weight and keep it off?
Anybody at the American Goddamn Dietetic Association got a freaking answer for that?
No, no, I didn't think so.
A bunch of Charlottes.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I have a slight bit of news for you.
I was driving it up in the Zoom Road just below 836.
Right.
And I see a billboard on the left side of the road that's in Spanish.
And it says something about a sports channel.com.
And you know who's facing that on it?
Yours.
Yeah.
Do you know about that?
In Spanish?
It's a Spanish sign advertising some sports, sportsline.com.
And it's all Spanish.
And it's got your face on it from the nose up.
No way.
Yes.
You know who I am, right?
What is it?
You know who I am?
Do I know who you are?
Yes, I told you I'm a joy.
No.
Okay, I'm Evan Sparva.
I would never lie to you.
Yeah.
Okay, my wife who's spoken to him many occasions saw the sign and she said, that's Neil's head.
Why would we be advertising in Spanish?
We don't even advertise in English.
You know the signs that they use to advertise you on WIOD?
Yeah, billboards, yeah.
Yeah, the billboards.
It looks like they cut your face in half and use the top half of your head on this sign from the nose up.
Now, what does it say though?
Why don't you understand the Spanish?
I'm advertising a Spanish sports line.
Okay, it doesn't say, there's not a word in English on the sign.
Yeah.
The sign is strictly in Spanish and it's, from what I can see, it's advertising a sportsline.com.
It's all in Spanish.
Yeah.
Okay, and it's got your face on it.
I, but the one, but listen, whatever it is, we'll take any publicity.
I'm kind of plagiarism, right?
Kind of got to be some kind of cummy pink or plot.
Okay, thanks, guys.
Tell Evan we said hi.
Okay, whatever.
Oh my god.
I think I'm having a real laugh.
Yeah.
See, in the beginning, I thought what he meant to say.
It was that it was some kind of a thing that this station was connected with, that we were
like advertising in Spanish.
We don't even advertise in English.
We don't have a guy with a sandwich board on Lincoln Road, Mauliet.
Walk it up and down, even in Chinese, even in Sanskrit.
Saying, hey, guess what?
Listen to QAM.
We got some good stuff on here.
We got that fat bag on the middle of the, we got that fat sports guy in the afternoon.
We got those three nerds in the morning.
Nothing.
So it's not you on that billboard.
Who is it?
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
Oh, kids.
No.
Oh, he's just a mess.
It's 102 at 5.
60 to the WCQAM.
You know, early in the first period last night, who was it?
Was it John Jackup and got in with with, was not the fight with Bershier.
I think it was with Brad May in a hockey game.
It's been a decade different to what it was.
And a fight broke out on the ice.
And I said to John, I said,
Greg, it's a fight.
It's a fight.
And 13,000 people started going like that.
Yeah.
I think that's what got the team loosened up a little bit.
Started picking it up from there.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I just wanted to let you know that as a former, as a former
enforcement person of violators in the handicap and those green signs,
if they want to really complain.
I got something else after that.
If we ever want to complain, tell them to call Natasha, dog face.
Milan, she's the one that proposed it here and because her girlfriends couldn't walk with their babies.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
So in other words, another one that was the inside things for some special people.
No, no, that wouldn't happen here.
I'm not in my international.
Natasha, dog face.
Okay, dog face, doesn't it?
She did it.
And I'm serious about it because I used to write the tickets for handicap with violators.
How do you like that?
That's a fucking bitch.
That's right.
But then here's the other thing.
If all of these high-price lawyers are in the paper today suggesting that it's a violation of first-time
and rights and Miami doesn't follow it, why don't they sue Mayor Penaless?
You know, they talk big, but they don't do anything.
You know, Ragao and another Carso, and all of them guys.
If it's a violation and they're not allowing people to do things here in public facilities, they should sue them.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And you want me to tell you why they don't do it?
I don't know.
I don't know.
After 43 years of Miami tell me.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Okay.
Good luck, Penaless.
Hey, Natasha, dog push.
Get your guide, damn girlfriends out of the airport.
Okay?
With your stinking strollers.
How about like people in our handicap?
Don't have little babies.
Who's going to take your OIC screw us, huh?
Well, to you.
Everybody's a special case except all the rest of us.
Except you and I.
We're not special cases.
Everybody else.
Oh, well, I got a club foot.
I got a hang nail.
Yeah, pretty soon that's going to be next.
If you got a hang nail or be like on the other end of every guide, damn aisle and the parking, there will be a special couple of spots for you.
People with hang nails.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, doing there.
Okay.
Can't hear you, though.
Oh, okay.
Oh, no, Ben.
Listen, I was just curious.
I know you're a big hockey fan.
And with the world's furries coming up this weekend, do you particularly have any favorites?
I was just curious.
Do I have any favorite ones?
Well, what's the team would you be rooting for?
The Yankees are...
What was that head-of-the-with hockey?
No, not that I'm just saying.
I know you're a big hockey fan, but I think you might like baseball as well.
Sir, I don't want to sound, you know, arrogant, but I was watching baseball games before you were born.
That's true.
Yes?
So do you have any particular...
Yes, I like the braves.
I hate the Yankees.
I despise the Yankees.
We got to do something with rocker.
Put them in a body bag.
Yeah.
Okay.
There you go.
See, there's another New York guy who's already peeing in his pants, assuming that at click,
I hope that rocker comes in ninth inning of every game and moves you guys down.
How do you like that?
Even though I think the Yankees probably will win in five, but I like the braves.
Hate the Yankees.
We got to do something with rocker.
As in this guy's office, because he's in New York fan.
You know what that means?
He's an asshole.
That's correct.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 0, 5, 60 on the 18 T wireless line.
What are your thoughts on that first game at a series, guys?
What are your thoughts on the overs and unders?
What are you...
Oh, God.
Do you have any idea how much pain that creates?
I ache in all of my body when I hear those calls and it's ready or station.
I can't, you know, I can't tell anybody else how to do their show, but I love listening to Hank.
When Hank is talking and he's doing his thing and he's yelling and screaming and he's, uh, what are he's talking about?
Does it make any difference what he's talking about?
I enjoy listening.
And as soon as those calls come in invariably within just a matter of moments and usually the first couple of calls,
what are your thoughts on what's your opinion?
Give me your opinion.
It's either what are your thoughts on or what is it you have an opinion on the massive paekwa for Donia game?
It is the worst swill in the history even the final tubes are squeaking and agony.
When those calls go puking through our transmitter.
You can hear the sounds of the transmitter.
When those calls come in.
Give me your thoughts on it. You're riding the quitebattavia game this weekend, huh? You got any opinion on that?
No.
Oh.
Here's Kendall. Hello.
Hello.
I'm WGA. Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, I am.
Great show.
You're a hockey fan. So what are your thoughts on the dolphins?
Yeah. Yeah, I know.
That was brilliant.
Right. Neil, I have a question and I have a...
The Yankee fan. What do you expect?
New York fans, you were right about that.
My assholes.
Your voice did change.
So maybe it was the prayers, I guess.
Maybe I dropped the...
I have one decented testicle. I could have been it.
Neil, I have one quick...
I have one question and one request and I'll hang up.
The question is, I don't know why they call you Uncle Neil.
And then the request is, I want to hear the Ruck and Roll song by the Mad Dog.
And thanks and great show.
Okay. Bye-bye.
Okay. Now what was it?
The first one by the coming uncle...
Uncle Neil?
I was supposed to anti, I guess.
Yeah, as opposed to, you know, either it's either pro or anti, you know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
And I'll play the man this thing.
Well, he was right to the point. He was okay.
I mean, he wasn't as good as that bitch that called about,
I should live in Evan Tura.
I know where you should live, honey.
It's real hot down there too, by the way, sweetheart.
Although I understand they have some very good deals on town houses down there.
I live in Evan Tura.
Yeah, well excuse me, okay?
Miss Hot Shot?
Yeah, she probably shares a townhouse with 16 other dikes.
Eight minutes after one at the QAM.
Were you fudge-packing?
The Mad Dog is out of control.
And you'll find out why.
Would you hear the latest release from Blackpuffer Entertainment?
Jim Mandage sings duet.
Well, I'll ride.
Find the round and speed, where I'll ride.
Here's the Mad Dog.
Jim Mandage sings classic rock.
Oh, ride.
Oh, ride.
Oh, ride.
Oh, ride.
Oh, ride.
Oh, ride.
Oh, ride.
Oh, ride.
Mandage does.
Oh, ride.
Oh, ride.
Oh, ride.
Oh, ride.
Oh, ride.
Jim said he felt a little bit foolish.
I don't like that.
He said he was in a horror.
But now he said, I like it.
The Mad Dog just can't hissing up with that cottage cheese butt.
If he wants me to sing, God bless America and face these
and the cheese string up here, I'll do it.
You got the pose.
That's it.
Oh, ride.
Oh, ride.
Heard him to the Mad Dog.
Sing himself happy.
Oh, ride.
Oh, ride.
Jim Mandage sings duet, available now in all block touches school.
Where they got it called yesterday was Ruffin Mandage.
I'm going to tell you something.
Anybody that knocks Jim Mandage is a communist.
I'm going to tell you that right now.
Okay?
Anybody who knocks the Mad Dog is on communist.
Grandi, grandi, 20.
No.
114 at 560 QAM.
Here's a facts from Mike and Kendall, who's a real chronic facts.
A good guy though.
He's a good guy and he's also...
He's an OJ on Provacator.
Yes, well, wait till you do the facts.
He says, I figured you'd be interested in knowing that Sauer 96 is awarding up to $2,000
every three hours to its listeners by calling in.
They're buying the audience again at Power 96.
I've won money from then before and took about two months to get my check.
They can't buy you with decent phone system, but they sure can buy listeners.
Well, from what everybody tells me, and I don't want to go over and see it because I've
probably breakdown in tears.
They've got fantastic studios there, brand new studios right down the hallway here with
all state of the art equipment.
In fact, even to the other side, the sports nerds have got a pretty damn nice studio in
there too.
All kind of big real talk studio table, octagonal with all kinds of microphones around it.
And we got this.
We got Jack.
And whatever else goes after it.
$5670560, $560 on the AT&T wireless line.
We got Jack.
Brad.
Here's Sunrise.
Hello.
Yeah, hi, Neil.
I got a comment to make.
I don't really want you to talk.
I don't want you to lose your voice.
We need you for the rest of the week here, even though it's only a day.
Question in the comment goes to the New York old fart that called about a half hour ago
about some billboard with your picture on it.
The sign is on the Palm Meadow.
It has nothing to do with you.
The sign is an internet site called kpasa.com.
It says you can call that.
So you say, I'm sorry.
The guy looks like you're saying, he has the little mark.
He's on there.
He's one.
The next time that guy goes down to shoot nine at Shoolos or wherever he goes, it takes his daily
test down in the doctor.
Yeah.
In his glasses checked, a New York old fart.
Okay.
He'll walk you later.
Thanks.
That's Evan's dad though.
You know.
It's Evan's dad, god damn it.
He was never lined.
He was.
He's a good guy.
But he's like you said, he's blind.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5.
Now let me ask you this.
How come we got handicap parking like general handicap at the airport?
But how come we don't have blind handicap parking for the blind drivers?
How come they don't have any separate parking spots?
Because certainly if you've ever given more than like a half a mile down here, you know
that we've got hundreds of thousands of blind drivers all over the place.
Especially.
That's one thing we got a lot more in power than you do in date.
We got Zillions in the death.
And mostly all of the above.
Here's a mobile in high alia.
Hello.
Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Yeah, two years ago I had to address the drinking problem.
So when I went in a treatment, I said, well, if you can quit drinking, I can move some
weight and you went on the actins and lost 60 pounds and he's been able to keep it off
ever since.
All right.
And as a result of that drinking problem, I wasn't able to see my son, but I just got
divorced and now I have visitation rights.
And I took him to my first hockey game against the Red Wings last week.
Oh, yeah.
He loved it.
Yeah, he loves it more than football now.
And so the Panthers are his newest thing.
And anyway, the thing is we were walking into the NCR and I couldn't believe it more than
half of the jerseys were Detroit.
And I don't know.
No, no, no, see more than half.
That's, oh, there were much than 5,000 of them there.
I think we're the God.
I wasn't there that night.
But every time they're Red Wings play, you know, since the Red Wings won, it was two
Stanley cups.
All of a sudden down here, we got 80 million Red Wings fans.
And the most amazing part of it is 90% of them have never been in Detroit.
Yeah.
How do you like that?
And even when we went to the Detroit D�, there's a home game against Miami.
A lot of the fans were from Detroit too.
I don't know.
There must be a lot of Detroit fans down here.
But in any case, we're going to the Calvary game tomorrow night.
And we love it.
We had great seats.
They were 38 bucks a piece, but it wasn't bad.
And we had a good time.
The only thing, the guy that does the around the league stuff, that, you know, over on the
over display board, I tell you, that guy is really lame.
They need to get rid of him.
He is so boring.
He looks like he's complicated or something.
I tell you.
Now there's two of them.
There's two of them.
There's the guy that starts out doing this stuff, which he's pretty weak.
And then there's our own Tony, the Tiger from Power P.
Yeah, Tony.
Yeah, he's Tony.
Tony, Tony, work.
And again, don't quit your day job.
Tony, you're a good guy.
But you're embarrassing yourself.
I watched it last night again.
Tony doesn't know a hockey puck from a goddamn stale parogi, okay?
I know.
How many go do something?
You know something about, which is not hockey.
Get out of there, Tony.
You're making a clown out of yourself.
I know.
He's pathetic.
Let me tell you.
Tony, they're pussy.
Yeah, love you, Sean, Neil.
Thanks, pal.
Okay, keep it up.
See ya.
Bye.
So, let me mention that.
Oh.
Oh, and by the way, speaking of embarrassing things at the game last night, who was that
broad that sang the National Anthem's plural?
Oh, can.
This was the worst young bitch.
I mean, the worst, the most embarrassing people were looking at each other.
They were doing cat calls and cat calls.
I mean, what the hell was that?
Jesus Christ.
Jesus Christ.
She sang, oh, Canada's so bad, that Jean Crétitien, his mouth, which usually leans to the
other side.
It did a complete turnaround like that.
And then the star-spangled banner, she spanked it, man.
I mean, she butchered it.
That was embarrassing.
Everybody in the place was up in arms about it.
That was one of the highlights.
It was certainly better in the first period.
Oh, I mean, we had so many good people to do it in there before.
I mean, good people.
Last year, we had tremendous people to do a national.
A whole bunch of them.
Where did they find this binbo, huh?
Just like Tony the Tiger, sweetheart.
Don't quit your day job.
Whatever it might be.
Here's for Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
A kid was hit in the throat area last night.
Oh, is that what it was?
That's why he went down so quickly.
He was going to check.
He was.
He was in the chest.
You know, you would have probably stood, but hit him near the throat.
And that's why he went down so quickly.
Yeah, but did you ever see him with his mask off?
No.
Well, actually, yeah, well, that's how I found out.
Because after the game, they,
I'm just telling you, anybody that looks like that with their mask off, it was no
difference where it hits him.
He'll be all right.
I'll get up.
Well, they had it.
They interviewed him after the game and they asked him, you know, why he doesn't wear
one of those little neck pieces that golees, where he said because it, he doesn't like
the noise of it.
It like distracts him.
But, you know, not a knock on Scott Melony, but does the team seem faster up and down
the ice without like, where are they going?
Come on, come on.
Well, I don't mean to knock them.
I mean, I like the guy, you know, he's a veteran and he's got a lot of leadership, but
the team looks faster up and down the ice.
They are covering up for mistakes that other players are making.
And to me, they just look like a much quicker team up and down the ice.
Yeah.
Well, that's, you know, that's what I mean.
Well, he's not going to get any faster, you know, than.
Well, I know.
But, yeah, why I don't, to me put him on the cause love in Burry, that's both aligned
out.
Well, let me ask you this.
I mean, I know Cosloff, I'm not getting an empty that goal at the end, which goose
is up his meeting list statistics.
But, now, did he impress you last night?
Not really.
No.
He, you know, he gets a two on one.
He refuses to pass it.
He breaks it.
You know, he gets a break it on the net and he always gets in too far.
He has a shot that I could start.
Right.
He's right there.
He's got that.
He, you know, I'm sorry, but Victor Cosloff, if Burry comes back and had a real
settlement to play with on the line and put Ray Whitney on the left wing, then we'd really
kick some ass.
Then you'd see something exciting.
Just, just an aside, the Miami airport I was in the other day, the ceiling is falling
down from all that rain.
You got to dodge all of these like little push up feeling things that have just fallen
through.
It's unbelievable.
Excellent.
Thanks, now.
That's what a good payoff will do for you.
Maybe they have the same contractors that we have here.
You know, I'm talking about.
560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line.
Jesus Christ, my voice is coming back.
It's a frickin' miracle, baby.
It's a broken miracle.
I can't get over it.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
This is Victor, down in Miami.
Yes, sir.
I just wanted to give my friend a little message here.
Okay, go, come up and give him a message.
Okay, pal.
This isn't a message service.
It's called a radio show, Victor.
It's not a message service.
It's a radio show.
It's not a message service for a bunch of little holios who want to play games on the
radio.
You got that, Victor.
You got it.
No, I didn't think so.
Let me spell it for you in Braille, Victor.
Okay, and then blazing down your...
Correct.
...and maybe your friend can feel it for you.
And the message, too.
560, 560, 0.560.
I think it's those are hard candies that did it.
Or maybe it was the launch, I don't know.
Let's give credit to the macaroni grill.
I love them.
They're great people.
Three this great.
Have fantastic food.
So let's give credit to the macaroni.
Well, they were the ones that brought the hard candies anyways, no matter how you look
at it, they get the credit.
Thank you, guys.
And thanks for leaving the schwarzer back to the restaurant to sing the song on the table.
You know, I mean, even if he were a white guy or Japanese, it's got nothing to do with
the fact that he's a schwarzer.
It just happens that he is.
And of course, if he were Japanese guy, he probably would not be up on the table singing
an old man river.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I just, what are these people around here and the way they drive?
I'm driving down the street.
I got a bus on my right.
I'm just trying to get into the next lane and all of a sudden he cuts me off because
they got this woman on a bicycle and she got a sidewalk she could get on, but she had
to get on the street.
That's right.
And it's practically ran over.
But do you want to know what it is?
What is it?
Every person on a bike and a bus and a car, they're the only people on the road.
Don't you understand that in other places you go and you turn on your blinker and they
let you in and it's called cooperative driving.
Everybody realizes that they have to cooperate with other people.
Here it's like I'm the only one on the road.
Don't confuse me and bother me with anybody else.
Well, it's a thing that I got.
You got two extremes.
You got like the old folks that you talk about that go about 30 and then you got the other
idiots that are going 90 to get to the stoplight.
That's right.
I don't get it.
I just drive me crazy.
You go anywhere else and you get on the expressway and if they're going 90, they're all
going 90.
You get on the highway here.
Some of them are going 100.
Some of them are going in 20.
It's an obstacle course.
That is correct.
It's kind of like QAM.
Have a great day pal.
You have a great show.
Hang in there.
Thank you.
Yes, I do.
Have a goddamn great show here boys and girls.
Trust me when I tell you.
Boy, I'll tell you it's a hockey game last night, man.
Maybe that's why I lost my boys.
They were kissing and licking.
Oh, God.
Seriously, they were looking in parts where even my little dog won't let go.
By the way, thanks again, Dr. West.
Tiny's doing great.
Crazy as ever.
You know, she's a great, the vet.
But boy, can she talk?
Just relax.
Okay, calm down.
You get knee nervous.
I'm staring hyperventilate.
I'm staring a little pancreatitis.
Do I say 120, 60 QAM?
I think so.
A Neil Roger show.
Sports radio.
560s.
QAM.
What is a buffalo fill?
What the fuck's going on with Dave and Broward?
This ball on CBS.
Meet a small town free to speak the word of God and adds a few choice words of his own.
It's Father Tourette's mystery.
I really believe it.
We are gollers here today to join together.
This fucking dumb.
Fuck him.
Fuck him.
Fuck him.
Mother.
In Holy Matronom.
Father Tourette's mystery.
A new kind of family drama from the producers of Chicago Holtless and NYPD Blue Ball.
Hey, boy.
Oh, you're fucking slut.
You're a little poor, bad monger.
You fucking bastard here.
Sunday, this fall.
Spending hour with Father Tourette.
White after an all new season of.
Touchdown there by an angel.
Only on PBS.
What's the big one at 560?
You can't even get my voice back.
How do you like that?
I mean, like, it's all back.
Thank you, macaroni grilled.
Thank you, power play.
Well, I'm sorry.
Action to say that.
Why does he say that?
Why does Jigsmaid Donald say?
Here's a chance for Bill Stewart chasing the puck.
Watch it on goal.
Speak more.
Bill Stewart.
Damn Stewart has given the passer a four one way.
OK, now, want to run that by us again, Jigs?
You want to know?
See, anybody that would pick on a mistake like that
and keep doing it playing over and over again
would probably be me, you know.
Atters, haven't beaten the Vancouver connocter
in South Florida since the 13th of March, 1977.
And anybody who would play that would probably be here.
Oh, dude, that's enough.
That's enough.
We don't have to.
Randy, you know, making fun of pointing it out.
Come on, Randy.
Stop doing it.
We'll send you back to Red here.
567.
Oh, sorry.
I should mention again, by the way,
that our center one stuff the best
and yield the new and improved and the good ones
that sound great are in the stores now at all specs.
And if you have one of the ones that I signed for you before
or that you bought someplace else,
and just take it back where you bought it.
Now, let me ask you this.
Are they going to be able to keep the insert?
Do you know what I mean?
I don't know.
Well, why not?
They'll just swap them with these.
I don't see why not.
Right.
And they'll be happy to swap them for you.
The original ones that we apologize for
that really sucked and sounded like,
like that.
And the key chains with the buttons with the,
or,
things will be out tomorrow.
OK, now I say they'll be out tomorrow,
but they're not going to be at specs.
So what do I say they'll be out tomorrow?
Why am I saying that?
Well, you can go to neo-rages.com in order from there,
all your center one stuff from our website.
And then in our appearances like next to the
at the pizza loft six to eight p.m.,
we'll have all of that good stuff,
including those key chains that go like,
oh, stuff like that.
How's Carol doing, by the way?
I'll introduce her to Paulie.
Here's a Davie. Hello.
I deal.
Yes, sir.
We stand on guard's horse.
She was the worst.
The worst day was an abortion.
I'm surprised to write to life people
and start protesting.
It was an abortion.
Hey, I want to get Bokobrine started on the
Ed Capone's song.
Yeah.
It goes like this.
I believe Highlight's on the level.
Wally Hennessey never steps the horse.
You can win, gambling in the islands all the time.
Work on it.
OK.
It's WGA.
Your gambler is an automostation for the 90s, baby.
And we got Hank and Beefle and Eddie K coming up at two o'clock
again from out there at Calder.
Oh, is this going to be an every week of thing?
Every week of thing?
Oh, my God.
5'6'7, 05'60, 05'60 on the AT&T wireless
line.
It's fun to gamble, but it's your, you know, it's like
hearing other people talking about having sex.
What would you rather do?
Have sex yourself or hear other people telling your stories
about it?
Who needs the goddamn stories?
Here's a mobile in Pembert Pine.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
Have you seen any of the Penguin Games yet this year?
I don't think so, now.
A game last year, the electric cobble up a bot took a
few of the fouries head off of an elbow.
He got a two minute minor and no suspension.
And then Casparatus hits his guy the other night trying to
defend himself.
And he gets a two game suspension.
And that was his first game back, too, by the way.
Brian Barard hits Jeff Corneller.
I saw that game at least in St. Louis.
And it was maybe a little bit he had as an elbow up a little.
But it was a clean hit.
There was no penalty call.
He gets two games.
I mean, they're just a full of crap.
Yeah.
My wife is going to Vegas next week on business.
And they're flying the out because it's her birthday.
They put us up at a new front.
host, no new front here.
Hotel.
Oh, kind of dive is that place?
You got it.
It is.
I don't know the new front here.
Well, I guess it's rebuilt, but you know, the big cowboy
or something on the front of the right.
Right.
OK.
OK.
You won't mind the picketers out there in front.
Just kick them over.
Yeah.
The only other thing I wanted to say was that you were talking
about the sports search call and all their questions and stuff.
The one I didn't hear was, what's your take?
What's your take on this or what's your take on that?
Yeah.
That drives me freaking crazy.
What's your take on the St. Louis, St. Louis, O'Bispo, Miss
Ligga?
What's your take on the Michigan State Women's Lacroft team?
Right.
That's right.
That's coming up.
All right.
There we go.
There we go.
Have a good luck, pal.
Have a great time.
I am better.
I got my voice back now.
I'm ready to rock and roll.
And I'm ready to do a show, but too bad.
It's over.
No, seriously, if I were to talk like this, I could have all
the stuff that I hit.
I'll save it for tomorrow.
I flew in that thing by the 13 year old girl.
Nice going, sweetheart.
Here's a 13 year old girl that's got more cohorts than most of you people out there.
She says it sucks here.
I can't wait to get out.
This isn't a place for living and breathing young people.
Another couple of weeks, I'll be 57 years old.
And I feel like it ain't a place for people my age.
I feel much out of place.
Too young to be here.
Too young.
So as much as we despise a lot of the corruption and the crap and the intolerance and
the humanity that goes on in Dade County, one thing in power that we got is old people.
If we had a better demographic in Broward, it really would be paradise.
Oh, it would be great.
Wouldn't that be something?
Let's ship a lot of the old farts out.
A lot of those.
Come on.
We'll find someplace else for you.
We'll find a nice piece of airward land out there in Wyoming somewhere, somewhere in
the decoders.
And we're bringing some young living and breathing people.
And we're bringing like a whole bunch of Chinese people sounds good.
What's wrong with that?
Hmm, I like that.
Oh, I'm serious.
So you don't know any Chinese people.
That's not true.
We haven't mingled with the Chinese.
Not like you have.
No, I'm sure you have.
But closely.
Oh.
God are they horny.
I mean, no, they're not seriously.
The Chinese people are great.
They're bright.
They have, you know, they're smart.
Not dumb like Frado.
They're really smart.
And they generally speak and don't run around killing anybody.
And they don't speak Chinese.
They don't speak Chinese.
They don't speak Chinese.
They don't.
Maybe do each other, but not in public.
They don't.
They got a little bit of class.
They have like polite.
They're very polite.
Almost to a fault.
They're great.
God loves the Chinese.
Why do you think there's so many of them?
God loves the Chinese.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
You can see it's dropping any bombs on them.
Yes.
Here's a candle.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I am.
I'm just trying to keep giving advise me when anybody else out on the street.
The other day I was talking to my hand and she's basically half blind.
And she was telling me how she renewed her license.
She just called up on the phone.
And they're just going to send her a little stick or put on the back of her driver's license.
A lot of times it's up at the cutting rock and they're just going to see you.
Yeah.
Can you believe that?
Excellent.
That was good.
Okay.
Well, he will be keeping an eye out for it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's a mobile and four-letter-day.
Hello.
Mobile and four-letter-day.
Let's try a plantation.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes.
Happy resident of the AT&T.
plantation the beautiful city of plantations since 1971 yes, sir with a low real estate taxes right Neil
Can I change the subject a little bit from no subjects are there subjects is not hockey where do you get that well
You lately less few calls anyway anyway Neil
I wanted to ask you haven't haven't listened to you in a couple days. Sorry about that. Why not?
I read an article in when why not had other things that no in Sunday
Acceptable in Sunday's paper this son sentinel. Yes
Gene Shepherd passed away. Yeah, somebody came to me talking him last night and told me that I had which I was not aware of that
How old was he?
78 oh, that's you know, I don't know if you ever listen to this right when I close came to town to KAT in 76
Yes, we used to carry the Gene Shepherd show on tape like late at night
And he was very unique. He used to he never had any guests. He didn't take phone calls
He used to do the whole show is like only an hour show I think but he talked to himself
Yeah, he was like they they called him the Mark Twain of his area right and he just told stories about his
His youth in Indiana right and went on with other things
But this guy or I'm 68 years old. I can remember him from years ago
Now he was on W. O. R. right?
I'm sorry. He was on W. O. R. in New York. Yes. Yes. He was right. Yes. He was
Uh-huh, and I've got I've gotten so much pleasure. Yeah, from listening to him
You're almost as much as I get from you
Almost but not quite well least I'm still alive and you that's right
And I hope you're alive for a lot of years, and I hope you're well
Thanks. I've been listening to you for many many many years. Thank you so much. How long my friend and I'll pray for you
Okay, five six seven oh five 60 pound five 50 gene Shepherd is dead anybody else out there remember Gene Shepherd?
No, that's why the guy came to meet the hockey game
He said I would have called you on the air with it, but probably nobody your audience. Well, let's go I knew him
So there you go there's three of us 20 till two at five 50 WGA
Well, I think it's time I said the record straight about my friend George Bush
Some people say
If he get drugs back then so what's the point?
Yeah
The Canada George Bush is fine
So what
Is
Not at a line
Well, he's a best and Canada that I've seen
I don't care if he's often fed a man
Where
And
Was it taking mine
So here's to Bush
Keep it on
Please I just don't understand what they do
We've had many presidents so I was
Done
Playing her another
Like Gerald Boyd for instance
Obviously he was on
But otherwise why was he falling down all the time
And taking the Carter for example
But he was so hopped up on Skunk level
He didn't even know there were osages for the first eight months
Why even way back to watch it there
I do believe the other reason I got down the Jerry tree was because he had the lunges
I'm glad it's for us
Like it's for us
Yeah, I did
I'm glad
All right, well 14 till two I am so excited now. I'm gonna get excitement in my private
Even with his little head cold and little frog in my throat got him I accepted
Because my best friend in the world Tracy nearly is on a phone with George right now and she's got my CD nice gone Tracy God
I don't have yet I mean this is pretty bad powder
I lost the cheesy
He's funded a back street boys and sink, scooter, Mr. President, teaser and a whole bunch of other things going on there
And I'm hearing Carter that's a really brother in the Carter
I don't have a blind ticket to the street right now
So we're gonna have like a USA exclusive on it like when we have it tomorrow and we better have it tomorrow or else
And then of course power 96 can play this is gonna be really really interesting to see just what kind of guy kid career is
Because if he's smart
Because I already got my back street boys tickets from him
If he's smart they'll be playing the crap out of there. They'll be the only ones in America with it
And guess what there is a video that goes along with it so don't give me a son of a kid don't see a video there's a video and it's great
It's this whole bunch of groups some of them are like from Sweden some are like from Europe some are like from hunger like in sink and a back street boys
And it's for whatever reason this record came out like two years ago and I get for I don't know why I wasn't released all over the world
But now it's starting slowly but surely to see it's way around the world. It's gonna be gigantic. It is gonna be huge
Even a lot in childhood have been impressed
So how are we getting it George? She's gonna take it to your house and knock on your door and put it in your post
When today are you cereal? I'm cereal I had to talk her into it. She's like look at the door said knock on the man's door
He'll give you big wetland and a kiss and a kiss
And a kiss
Here's Miami. Hello
Hello. Yes, sir. Hi, you know
I can't wait to get out of Miami-Dade country myself. Yeah, you know what I think is a good idea
I'm the only thing sir. Yeah, they should put a bit in to make this a separate country because I don't know if you know
I think that's a good idea. They got their own foreign policy which generally speaking that sounds like another country to me exactly
Exactly. I'm surprised it only then ask for passports coming in and out of here. Oh, they do you know what I mean? You probably are sneaking in the back door
Oh, no, no, I'm saying to you know to go to Virginia Colorado. Right. Georgia. Yeah. Yeah, Georgia. All right. Okay, good idea pal. Thanks a lot for working on it. Okay, we'll tell mayor Penga.
Here's a pop-o. Hello.
Pop-o.
Yeah, sir. Long time first time. All right. Did you get a chance to touch on the
Yeah, I pressed it. Yeah. Jose and Beach column the day about our sheriff Ken Jenny. Oh, I didn't get to that part. I want you to concentrate on the book Daniels part about how
our producer right to take the fall because you said crap on here. Oh, did you see the part about where he no accident seen where the people got killed in the hurricane?
No, no, no, no, no, but I have in my hand right now. It says don't stand in sheriff Ken Jenny's way when there's television time to be had, especially if you're within
Howard fire fire rescue. I'm told Jenny looking like a wet kitty in his poncho made it forcefully clear to fire rescue folks that he not them was to get on the 11 o'clock news to release info about the first
Arby in casualties. The incident occurred Friday near the bodies of four people electrocuted by a down power line in Weston and to make doubly sure that you get to announce the tragedy to viewers. He had the area around the bodies declared a crime scene.
Traditionally the sheriff handles the information from a crime scene said Todd Ladouk fire rescue spokesman we get to do it from an accident scene according to the sheriff. This had become a crime scene. The sheriff did not comment but his spokeswoman Cheryl stop Nick said it's
customary for law enforcement agency to take the lead wherever there's a death. It's not appropriate for the fire department to speak when investigation is underway. A crime scene in other words they were murdered by a power line. How do you like that? I wonder if the sheriff arrested the power line.
Probably and I don't know how long it's going to take these people to realize what kind of guy this is. They're on to them. They're on to them. The pool. You know buddy never just pushing them. They want to get this strong mayor
