A quick second for calls, asshole.
4Tradio 560, WQAM, Miami-Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil
called 56056, Neil O. Free and Retainted Broward, or Cominise, to meet yourself all.
The opinions of Neil is guest colors, or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM, easily read acquisition or the reason brought as meaning.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560, QAM, Neil God!
Okay, that's a good looking guy.
Yeah, and what's happening to this thing?
George, I don't know what's happening to it.
It's all lit up, huh? What's happening to it?
It's lit up, like it's gonna play, and it ain't playing.
And sound's wrong, Neil. Try to put me down, and says he has a lot to talk about.
I'm getting right out of my way now, listen here, I could take a picture, hold up, I should.
Get number one in the nation.
I'll say civil college, but don't be too big of a fool.
I'm gonna say civil college, but don't be too big of a fool.
I'm gonna say civil college, but don't be too big of a fool.
I'm gonna say civil college, but don't be too big of a fool.
I'm gonna say civil college, but don't be too big of a fool.
I knew Bob Gamma, key embroidering gold, and shearing gold.
Oh, how am I gonna everywhere when I go round the other HZA?
I said I'll go on to say, so be true that you're sure I'm fine.
I'm gonna say civil college, but don't be too big of a fool.
I'm gonna say civil college, but don't be too big of a fool.
Okay.
I'm gonna say civil college, but don't be too big of a fool.
I'm gonna say civil college, but don't be too big of a fool.
I'm gonna say civil college, but don't be too big of a fool.
I'm gonna say civil college, but don't be too big of a fool.
I'm gonna say civil college, but don't be too big of a fool.
I'm gonna say civil college, but don't be too big of a fool.
I'm gonna say civil college, but don't be too big of a fool.
It's like...
Ow, I have to put the finger in there, to put the book in there.
I'm not gonna get in there.
As is 2-810 War Talk, obviously.
And I'll tell you what makeup,
what wonders makeup does on television.
He looks like he just got right over by a Mac truck, doesn't he?
Woo!
Well, I'm off of him.
That's right.
Okay.
10-03-5-6-6-12.
I'm happy face-off throughout our Yiddla.
Oh, no.
Oh, by the way, we got to do a phone line check
for that sparse, I mean, at the dark-complexed guy
that called right at the end of the worst team this morning.
Too new to stop, baby.
Well, let's do a line check.
Everybody call right now.
We're not gonna answer the phone just to see
because the phone company wasn't here yesterday.
Like I told you, they were screwing around with a phone.
See, the thing that's set up here in this room,
which I just found out from you yesterday, I didn't realize that.
It's wired differently from just right down the hall,
where like 10 feet away.
Not just this room.
Anytime you have a whole bunch of lines going into a place,
there's a big wall of-
5-6-7-05-60, pound 5-6-10,
the whole of one line.
They're all ringing there, okay?
Well, now, see, that's interesting.
They're not.
I mean, they're like, they don't roll over in one,
three order.
I don't know.
I asked towards that yesterday.
He said, well, how come four and six aren't ringing there?
Huh? You know, there's more than six people calling right now.
See, I told you.
Watch.
See?
Look at that.
There you go.
You know, that's not possible.
So, nice going, Eras.
Well, so if you just, you just guys can't get it working.
You just don't know.
I know they're all doing now.
I mean, they roll over, but just not to,
and they told them to three order.
Yeah.
Okay, thank you.
Get off my phone.
Thank you very much.
Well, that's good.
At least we're making a little bit of progress, okay?
That's exciting to see that.
I mean, we'll still be begging for calls,
but at least we know that the lines work.
That's always because psychologically, if you're sitting there
and you think that the phone is all screwed up,
or that they're potsking around like that,
kind of, was blown the skin fluid on the air yesterday,
because Bell South was working on lines in the middle of the show.
I mean, you know, of course you're going to do in the middle of this show,
because this is in the sports show, you know.
We've got to make the sports bags happy.
We don't want to interrupt their shows.
Hey, you think the dolphins are going to draft a quarterback this year?
Anybody care?
No.
On the 31st of March, anybody give a flying crap?
No.
You got 17 days, huh?
17 days to the NFL draft.
You think maybe you could contain yourselves a little while?
No.
Because it's so goddamn boring.
Anyway, Dave Joseph, man,
I tell you the people in this town.
Ed Pope's got another great column today.
Love Letters the other that he stole from Joe Falls
and Detroit 50 years ago.
Always love when a column to steal somebody else's gimmick.
You know, that's always real creative.
It tells you what a bush league piece of crap he is.
Oh, but he's an icon.
Eddie the Pope.
Yeah, right.
That's a real joke.
This guy has a real great sports writer.
When you wake up in the morning,
you can't wait to open the sports section to read Red Smith's column,
or Shirley Poe which is called whoever the sports
writer is, you know?
See what Michael Lupac has got to say about this.
But is anybody in this town get up in the morning
and just run to get their paper to read what Dave Joseph has?
Or Ed Pope or Michael Hold the Mayo?
Are these people?
No.
Of course not.
Desperately seeking villain.
Get over it.
This is Dave Joseph contribution.
And of course, this is the same guy that told me a couple of years
about a year and a half ago.
Oh, yeah.
Who the hell needed, you know, Ray Whitney, another little guy.
You know, you know, nothing Dave.
You're just a sour guy.
You're sour with Pompidle Park
because they fired your girlfriend over there.
You're sour with a hockey team for whatever reason.
Some of them are right by the way, but nevertheless, you're just two sour.
And he writes to another one of these meaningless columns here
which were supposed to get over the fact
Pomp del Burian could be playing the rest of the season.
And that we relied to by the way, which I told you,
here's the one guy on this show that told you weeks ago
that all over the rest of the league,
they said Buries out for the rest of the season.
They're giving you a snow job down here.
And now, low and behold, it's finally coming out.
Which everybody else seemed to know except us.
Just like in Godfather when Sonny got shot on the crossway, remember?
His wife is upstairs crying,
console area of mind, please tell me
what everybody else seems to know except me.
And that's the same thing with Pomp del Buries story.
Everybody else around the league knew it except down here
because now they say, well, what was the,
what was the words they used, the BM and TM boys?
Oh, yeah, they kept the dysfunctional ACL a secret.
That's right, because they don't want the opponents
to be taking the team, a cheap shot.
And of course, they want to do folks
throughout their environment, your playoff tickets.
Whoever said that the other day, I apologize, you were right, okay?
They were playing with our emotions.
Send in that money because they he'll be back any second.
Now, oops, well, we lied.
But it's interesting.
It's so typical that people who don't know what they're writing
about Dave Joseph writes in here,
when the Panthers meet the lowly islanders tonight,
they'll have two games in hand in Carolina.
Guess what, Dave?
Three games in hand.
They got seven left after last night.
We got 10 left, okay?
So again, again, guy right in the column
doesn't know what he's writing about.
Let me say it very clearly.
They have seven games remaining.
The Panthers have 10.
That sounds like three games in hand in Carolina.
That's only got seven left.
And for all you flyer fans out there,
I just want to say this to you, okay?
And I really mean this.
I watched mostly Pittsburgh and Ottawa.
That was a pretty entertaining game last night.
But I watched it up at the Philly Game
to make me synchronize them.
They're beaten Carolina to nothing.
Then it's three to one.
Late in the second period, I turned it on the shots
are like 35 to 12.
Carolina, like I told you, they rolled over.
They were in a coma.
They haven't played a game in Godling those how long.
They're folding up like a goddamn little Italian
and make believe a courtian.
And the gutless flyers with Roger Neilson at the helm,
they choked.
They didn't, there was not even an effort in that third period.
I haven't seldom seen.
Oh yeah, Lindros is a big deal.
And who does Roger Neilson put out there
for most of the goddamn third period seemed like forever
and the whole overtime just about a team,
Sandy McCarthy, went to last year, he scored a goal.
He's a goon.
That would be like Terry Murray,
putting Peter War well out there in an overtime
for like four and a half out of the five minutes.
That's Roger Neilson for a spineless,
we needed a little help from Philly last night.
Even though we hit them like poison,
they had the game in a bag and they let a dead team
crawl back into the game last night.
Spineless and gutless, whoever Philly plays
in the first round of the playoffs,
I hope that they will get blown out in the fourth straight.
Talk about underachievers,
talk about an embarrassment.
See now it's gonna be kind of tough to catch here, Alana.
Because of all the stupid ties the Panthers have got,
we got what, eight million ties, 18.
And so you don't really need to make up six points
on that, you gotta make up seven
because even if you tie them with six points,
you still lose out because after all,
you know, got more wins and are gonna have more wins
because of all the stupid ties the Panthers have.
Getting all these ties,
it's not like kissing your sister,
it's like kissing Brian Murray, you know,
like being a kitchen cussion, bad news.
So they, but the real chance is one good thing
happened last night is Boston gets beaten over time by L.A.
Talk, oh my God, what's worse, watch it, Bruins.
Listening to Dale Arnold who is the worst in the world
or seeing how coma-inducing watching them play,
they are boring, man, terminal.
So they wind up getting stuck up their ass
and over time by the Loli L.A. Kings.
So now the Panthers only five games behind them
and they got a game in hand on the Bruins.
So let's take care of business, okay?
No, we're not gonna forget about the fact we were lied to
and about the fact that Pavel Berea is out for at least six months
and all this other stuff.
We're not gonna forget about that Dave Hyte
just because you say it.
But they gotta go out there and win games
against crap teams like the Islander's tonight
and like, you know, washing them into games
and Tampa Bay that less game in a regular season
and Montreal before that.
Got a lot of games of these last 10 left
against real, marginal, non-play off teams.
Gotta go out there and win them.
And how do you go five?
I mean, I realize you can get seven points in seven games
but how do you split seven games?
Anybody know?
I don't think so.
No.
Oh, God.
Look at that. That's not working today, George.
How do you like that?
You did something of this thing.
You put some stuff at it, huh?
You put some stuff towards it.
Something our DCS and messed it up.
Boys and girls.
There's Lady in town.
She's another Doc's Jew
and she needs to buy bread that is unless of them.
Who's a host?
And she's buying bread instead of them.
He's a man of them.
And the bread is one dirt.
Who's a bread is one dirt?
Who's a bread is one dirt?
No, for the unfortunate girls after a stunt,
even if you go out there, you will go to hell.
If you eat like wonder bread,
in fact, if you wonder bread,
you probably die pretty soon anyway.
Okay, reboot that thing and let's see what it's all about
with that MDCS.
Yesterday I begged.
I pleaded.
I did everything in the only Jew that we get
except for that old fart from New York, The Orthodox.
It was all a bent on the shape.
And by the way, congratulations, Neil.
He was offended.
I'm always feel real happy.
You know, when I leave here and I know
that I've offended some Orthodox religious nut,
whether there is Jew or Goy, whatever they are.
Muslim.
He was offended.
He just happened to be switching the dial
and he heard me tell the truth and he couldn't stand it.
But I begged yesterday to find out about this ancient
Chinese Jewish secret,
a Passover, but it's really all about.
Did I get a response?
No.
But the good news is in my son's temple this morning,
since evidently, other than George's crazy Orthodox Jewish
account, and he was too busy this morning,
tying himself up with straps.
Let's hand him out there to Elephant Button, New Mexico.
And he's fit right in out there.
He's the kind of guy that probably,
he'll be the next one in Elephant Button, New Mexico.
And there'll be a bunch of women out there
tied up to an SNM with masks over their heads
in the whole day, you know, and change around their next.
SNM.
He's laying to fill in.
Oh my God.
So since the Jews, as usual, are playing fast and tight
with their secrets about what is silly holidays.
You know, I go to my dentist yesterday.
By the way, 250 bucks for my mouth thing,
you know, my mouth guard to sleep with a knife.
About 50 cents worth of plastic.
I mean, it is molded very nicely.
I'm sure the laboratory up there in Jersey,
it probably took them, what, at least 12 minutes to do that,
maybe 10, 12 seconds to make that thing.
250 bucks.
And of course, I'm sleeping with it last night
and about 2, 30 in the morning, I wake up
and I thought, this, I'm like, jagged on this.
And the mouth guard too.
So it's set on the counter for the rest of the knife,
but it does seem to be really fantastic.
So I walk into my dentist yesterday,
and evidently he might have been listening, Dr. Gary.
Why?
And he says, oh, the reason that the Jews make a big
brisk at Passover is because it's just as easy
to make a big one as a small one.
And I said, okay, whatever that means.
In other words, what I was asking about is,
what is the significance of the foods that you can eat
on another one of these crazy holidays,
and the foods that you can eat.
Could anybody tell me?
No.
But here's the sun sentle coming to my rescue.
Jews observe Passover, starting at sundown at night,
by the way, Hank will not be on, he'll be on from two,
but only he'll 530 today and again tomorrow.
Because I know Hank gets together with his sister,
whoever's somebody in a family,
the guns in the schpuh, whatever is remaining,
and they get together and have a Passover satire.
At the time, Jews like to get together and eat,
and drink a little of Managed Shevets or Mogen David,
whichever you prefer.
And that's basically it,
and the rest of it is all ridiculous.
Okay, should we try this, by the way?
What?
Well, no, just, well, just try it.
We'll give it a dry run.
And see if these things are gonna like,
well, where's my damn mouse, God damn it.
Here we go.
Neon, God, neon.
All right, there we go.
All right.
We leave it to us here.
We know what we're doing.
Sometimes it might take a while.
Pass over the festival of 11 bread starts at sundown today.
Oy!
For South Florida's half million plus Jews.
How about for everybody else?
Does it start for them?
No.
Just for us.
So anyway, Hank will be on the 530,
and then we got Managed 530 to 7.
And of course, the big game that Island
is in the Panthers tonight.
You better be there.
Let's host your source of moral support tonight, okay?
Because this game, the Islanders,
got only 49 points.
They stinked a joint out,
but they have lately been playing that kind of tough.
The Rangers had a bitch of a time with them
a couple nights ago.
We need a little bit of oral support there tonight
in the Macarena.
The eight day holiday is also called
the oldest festival of freedom, it says.
Pass over, Pesach is the Williams day.
They'd spec about 34 centuries
when the people of Israel were slaves in Egypt.
All these holidays, when those damn Egyptians
wouldn't leave us alone.
All the Jewish holiday,
what would we have done without the Egyptians?
We never would have had any holidays.
As told in the biblical book of Exodus,
the Pharaoh rejected the prophet Moses' demand
to release him on his mad as Moses,
to release the people bringing a wave
of supernatural plagues on the land.
Hi!
The last plague was the Angel of Death.
Is there anybody in this audience
that really believes this crap?
No, thank you, God bless you.
The last plague was the Angel of Death
who struck down the first born
of every Egyptian household in one night.
The Israelites escaped death by dashing
lambs blood on their doorposts.
Well, they didn't have mizzes then.
Well, they ran out.
A sign of faith that made the angel pass over those homes.
Have you ever heard that before?
I haven't.
You didn't go to Sunday school?
Only for Hebrew school,
so I could go get my bar mitzvah and get a few presents.
The podiumist of Batinsky, my tutor,
he said it's all a bunch of bubble miceies.
He was 87 years old, a religious scholar.
He said it's all bubble miceies, and I said,
okay, good point.
Lambs blood on the doorposts.
You know, again, SNM God,
always blood involved in killing
and the newborn, the newborn, the first born,
a lot of death, a lot of killing and a lot of sacrifice.
Maybe that's what's his name.
Slavio was doing it in a car you saw on CNN.
What was that all about?
You said he was under and he had picking his nose
and was bleeding all over,
and the women were laughing up.
How could anybody alive touch Slavio?
Seriously.
I mean, if there's any women in this audience,
I think that Slavio really is attractive,
sexual, essential, human.
I would rather do the thing before I would do Slavio,
and I would die before I would do the thing.
By the way, we own a apology to Greg Reed, okay,
because there was ragged him on his sloppy haircut,
and then come to find out that he didn't get his allowance
till the 28th this month.
So we couldn't afford to go out and get there,
cutting as soon as he got that allowance,
bingo, he went right out there and got the job done.
Nice going, Eric.
Ow!
Anyway, getting back to this story here,
this fabled this fantasy, in modern Jewish homes,
the eight day festival starts with a ceremony
you'll meet, called the Sator on the first two nights,
with foods symbolizing the extra to this story.
See, now this is now getting the answers from what I was asking,
which are Jews in the audience here,
they don't want to speak to me,
or else they're too embarrassed, and I can't blame them.
Let's see, a ceremony you'll meet,
called the Sator on the first two nights,
with food symbolizing the extra to the story,
the food's included a lamb shank, eh.
A piece of bitter herbs, such as horse radish, fat.
For the bitterness of slavery,
that's what horse radish represents.
A bowl of salt water for the tears of a prick.
What do you do with a bowl of salt water?
You drink it again?
No, you dip a cracker in it, I don't know.
You dip your thing in it, in salt water,
and a mix of apple cinnamon and wine
for the mortar used in the Egyptian bricks.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh boy.
Woo!
It still doesn't say nothing about the brisket.
Do you think they had brisket back on the front?
Do you think that Jesus, and that last supper,
that he had brisket?
No.
Also on the Sator plate, our roasted egg
and leafy vegetables for the spring time occasion
of Passover, and a hard, I mean, really hard,
like a rock on 11 bread called Muta
for the Israelites hasten evacuating Egypt,
whatever that means.
So there you go, and it's written by James B. Davis,
who's the religious editor for the,
which papers it's sent to, written by a goi.
A goi explains to me Passover,
the Jews in this audience, they got nothing to say about it.
You dip the parsley in the salt water, then you eat it.
Somebody told you that?
Yes.
How do we know that?
Some Jews, we all been told.
A Jew just told them to try to do that?
Prove it.
You dip the parsley in the, you put the white in a white?
You dip the parsley in the sage.
Yeah.
Sounds like something from that silence of the lamb's thing.
Oh my God.
You know, it does sound like something
from Boko Brian's lotion song.
Hard bread called Mata, that's right, and God forbid.
Let me tell all you people out there,
don't be eating after sundown tonight for the next one.
Now, is it like the whole eight days you can't?
I guess it is.
I don't know, I don't pay any attention to these silly things.
All I know is what you're supposed to eat
and what you can't do, and I pay no attention.
This is a very traumatic weekend coming up
by the way, starting tonight at sundown.
I think this, because of the calendar, this year.
Everybody's worried about the year 2000, forget about that.
This year, like starting tonight at whatever time
of sundown, about six, six, 30, will be a password.
No bread, God damn it.
And then Friday, which good Friday,
which just to kind of spread it around,
I'm not taking off for Passover,
because that would be hypocritical.
I am taking off Friday for good Friday,
because I'm gonna be a good cat lick.
Now, I'm gonna convert, I'm gonna be a good cat lick.
I wanna be everything, and you can take all the hot.
That's right.
And just let them open up a mouth about me
not being here on my holiday, good Friday.
Then Saturday, Sunday, overnight,
you got daylight savings time coming back, thank God.
Which I love daylight savings time.
We should never get out of daylight savings time.
I hate when it gets real dark early in the evening.
It's bad, real bad, especially the way they drive here.
And in Sunday, after you turn your clock back,
then coincidentally enough, it's Easter Sunday.
All right, everybody's gonna get nailed on Easter Sunday.
So you got all these things coming up
in the next just a handful of days.
All of these things.
Between now and the end of the weekend.
Man, heavy duty, huh?
Maybe we'll find out about the briskid.
What the hell has to do?
I don't know, see, maybe there's no other restrictions
on anything you can eat.
Other than leaven bread.
Is that the only restriction?
Maybe some Jew will call in.
I mean, I don't know what this is all about.
I guess our Jews are all gone.
They're gone.
They're all out of town.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, come on.
Let's teach this audience a few things, okay?
About Pesach.
Let's have some Orthodox people call in,
so I can insult them and tell them what about your stone age.
People they are living in the past
and how they embarrass all the rest of us
with their behavior and with their chishes and their tephilis
and their beards and their schmothers
and their big coats and oceli hats.
And how about coming into the 20th century before it's too late
because it's almost over with?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, come on.
And that's far too that call to the end of the worst team this morning.
I know you're listening right now, okay?
Just like all the other detractors on that show,
you can quote chapter in verse everything I say on the show.
Come on, let's have a little verbal intercourse you and I, okay?
Well, I have the thing come over to your house
and that take care of your knee again.
Oh, by the way, I'm speaking to the thing.
Fat boy is stealing Snickers.
That's the latest scandal here at WQAM.
Fat boy, Jeff High from our sales department,
better known as is running around.
They have a promotion going on with Snickers on Power 96,
which of course, you know, we're all up here
in the third floor now.
So one of the sales ladies from Power 96,
who's a count, it happens to me, the Snickers account.
He's got boxes and boxes of Snickers into Orifice.
And somebody I don't want to mention by name,
Fat boy's going in and he's a Snickers sneaker.
He's swiping our Snickers.
How do you like them, apples, huh?
You're gonna die, Jeff High.
And guess what?
We still don't like you.
26 after 10 is 5.
We tried to tell you guys what they listened to us.
You're fierce, no.
No.
A planet where eights evolved from men.
What's it like to bite into a York peppermint patty?
I'm my type.
Now when I bite into a York peppermint patty,
I get the sensation of flying down a snow covered hill
on a sled and the wind is cold and wet
and all of a sudden two guys on a toboggan
come on, I know where that stoplight is flying.
Hey!
I mean, who am I supposed to do?
The way it's flying me, I get angry.
And then when I get off this plane and see the damage,
the bull's looking at me like,
I'm the crazy ones who I punch them.
Then I smash them with a slap.
Nobody looks at me funny.
York peppermint patty, it's the taste that puts you away.
Hey, by the way, my Don Kings here to see you.
1032 at 560 W to QAM.
See, it's good sitting up in a chair.
I'm not sitting on my twisting my kishkis anymore
because there's nothing worse than sitting
and squeezing your organ.
But now it's like this.
Okay, let's get some good due talk here today.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
You don't sound good.
Have you remembered the 10 Commandments of the movie?
There was a scene of it.
You don't sound Jewish to me.
You sound like a hooligan.
How come this phone line is so bad?
Hang on a second.
Well, line is the on two.
How's that?
Is that better?
Yeah, that's better.
Hello.
Can you hear me now?
Any better?
No, we just had the echo in it.
Anyway, so do you remember the 10 Commandments
they had to see you?
No, because I saw that a hundred years ago.
In Taisa, they put the blood all over the place
and then everybody was running inside
and the big angel of death and were clout in the whole thing.
Anyway, just review that.
That one, Charlton Heston said,
do you sound like a bitch?
Yeah, I think that's when he said that.
On another note, the biggest ripoff artist
that I've ever heard in my life,
yes, all cast are known.
Oh, the worst.
I turned on my radio.
You're no twerning for that.
Do you know what he's singing like with his own voice
and his own music?
No.
That song, take me down the coast of it.
Oh, my God.
He want an asshole, he is.
You believe that?
I don't know.
I almost got a good show.
George, you got show.
Let me tell you something.
It is.
It's a clone of every other show I've ever heard
with bits and pieces.
And when you used to rip off Phil Hendry,
that was absolutely the worst.
He should still be paying Phil Hendry some royalties
or something like that.
20 years now has been ripping me off.
Oh, all the time.
All the time, it's just, oh, that guy makes me sick.
I can't.
You know, I'm happy.
I'm happy.
He couldn't look Bob and Tom's ass.
Anyway, that's it.
And happy day, soft and I love you, big fact.
OK, and happy Easter Sunday.
Happy good Friday.
Happy Yomptip.
So you hear a couple of holidays.
See, we have to.
We got Hanukkah and Christmas, which come at the same time
to make sure the Jews and the Graham all get pacified.
And all the kids get out of school at the right time.
And nobody has to be embarrassed.
And everybody gives presents at the right time.
And now we got Easter in the Passover, which always
coincide, not quite as closely as this,
but I mean, like spilling over, spill the wine, like Eric
Burden said, all over and to each other.
To make sure, again, the kids get out of school at just
the right time.
And everybody can celebrate and have their own silly
or ridiculous holiday, which they both are.
I mean, absolutely ridiculous.
The idea that we got to.
And let me ask you, we had ass Wednesday.
Wasn't that a long time ago?
Ass Wednesday?
Wasn't that like months ago?
Like in February or something?
What is the significance of that?
Not really.
See, there you go.
Even Mr. Hot Shot in there, Mr. Religious Expert
of Pretend he knows something, even he doesn't know what ass
Wednesday is.
I mean, you've heard of Tudias Pagetti Day.
Maybe Wednesday is ass day.
Today is Wednesday, by the way.
So there you go, guys.
That's when they go get some.
Somebody will constantly know what ass Wednesday.
I know that some of the really embarrassing people
like they really do the ass thing on the forehead.
Oh, God.
Oh, my God.
Why?
Yeah, I keep asking myself over and over again,
why do people do this?
Why do grown at both people who are walking around
on the loose do these things?
So a good Friday we got.
Now I don't even know what good Friday is either.
I know good yonte.
I don't know.
We got that Friday and I'm taking it off
because it's a big holiday.
And everybody else takes it off.
That's when they killed him.
Oh, they killed him on good Friday.
So what was good about it?
What do they call it good?
Well, that's when all the sins were redeemed when he died.
That was the whole project.
So that sounds pretty goddamn sadistic to me.
You got a guy nailed up there on a cross-screen
and why have you forsaken me?
And I'm dying over here and all this other crap.
I think his last breath he said.
That's what I'm with you.
And he said that too.
That's right.
And it's good.
Good for us.
Bad for him.
Okay.
There you go.
There I just don't get it.
And then of course Sunday we got Easter Sunday,
which we all know the significance of that
is to have all the kids running around
finding Easter eggs on the White House long, right?
Looking for the Easter bunny
who just like Santa Claus and God,
another little story made up to make everybody feel better
and make Mary and Johnny feel better about life.
Let's go.
And of course also give the people like Fat Boy and Excuse
to go to Walgreens or Records
and buy lots and lots and lots of Easter candy.
And also to make you a go and understand,
we don't miss anything that Jews, okay?
You got your Easter candy.
We got what we call Pesa Dickey candy,
which I don't know exactly what kind of candy that is
and I'm not gonna have any, thank you.
God forbid.
But I mean, what is Pesa Dickey candy?
There's so many questions and so little time.
So we can share all these fables,
all these bubble miceys together.
Here's Miami, hello.
Hey, how are they, sir?
What's your favorite thing?
As wide as they as if you're getting a vent,
which means you can't eat meat.
Yeah.
No beach or four months or a couple months.
So in other words, you can't have a brisket on the...
You can't have ass basically on ass Wednesday.
Well, until then.
So it's supposed to eat fish,
fries and stuff like that.
Then after Easter, then you can eat meat again.
Yeah.
So if you have a gay, you can, you know,
you're gonna wait two or three months to give me
all the support.
Not a little bit about pork.
Pork?
That's okay and Pesa.
Okay, thank you.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 animal.
And I'm getting a headache already from this,
from thinking about all these ridiculous things.
Apple, cinnamon and wine for the mortar used
in the Egyptian bricks.
It just wears me out.
It really does.
It makes me weak.
It makes a dent out of cinnamon.
Yeah.
Absolutely.
And wine.
Might be a thing called those sluppers
around there looking the walls on the outside
of the building this morning.
Wouldn't let it water be cheaper.
You can see fat boy out there.
He said, oh, they're cinnamon and they're
that's pretty sweet.
Anything that's got a sweet taste to it.
He'll put his tongue on.
Here's the derral.
Hello.
Hi Neil.
Yes sir.
Hey what's going on?
Listen after observing everybody's
talking off like fly, tilting Joe and all.
Everybody else, everybody else, Sonny Hirsch.
Rather than doing-
It's only the yellow key.
Rather than waiting for you to drop off, I'm going to thank you
for all your years of laughter.
And humor and stuff like that came out of the toilet,
you know, as far as mentally wise.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
And yesterday I'm glad to hear that the number eight line
did work and somebody did occupied.
And now you know-
We even have somebody online eight right now.
How do you like that?
I don't know.
By the way, let me just point this out for people that think
I overreact and I carry on and I don't have the management too much.
They were working on the phone lines during the show.
Did you hear the one guy that sounded like he was blowing
the skin suit or something on there?
Yeah, it sounded bad.
Those actually, there was a couple of calls that sounded pretty bad.
Yeah. And they were-
They were screwing around with the phone lines on there.
Oh look at that.
There's Slavio.
He's bleeding up there.
I love it.
For Virginia, Fabio was taken to local hospital.
He was treated for minor cuts.
And he was released.
I love okay, get that out.
No worries.
Go ahead, sir.
And-
Oh, I was like, oh, and when you pound it on the wall,
do you finally get those people's attention to turn the music down?
It's coming to find out that they're way to held down the hall.
George had to run down the hall and tell him to cut the crass.
Yeah, I can't believe-
I mean, I was cracking up, but I mean-
Yes.
Lizzie, you've found out-
I was pounding on a man in the wall too and it still didn't do a God damn good.
These people here, they're crazy.
They're crazy people.
Yeah, before I go, Neil-
Yes, sir.
Phil Henry, you're God.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
5-6-7-0-5-60.
Pomp 5-60 on the mobile one line.
So, Dr. Marcus now setting me-
I have no idea why.
The results from those tests that were taken about six months ago.
Do not repeat routinely this and that.
Nuh, nuh, nuh.
What do you mean by that?
I want to repeat, Mr.
said rate 11 normal.
Okay, before we said like slight inflammation,
now it says, and don't call it again today, Dr. Marcus,
you're a great guy, but you're killing me.
And here's another one.
Now do this and don't do that.
And all these things that he sent me now,
they still say nothing.
Oh, by the way, I was talking to somebody yesterday
that I want to say who was somebody in the medical profession
and about how everybody's starting to get real nervous
about the Cleveland Clinic and they're treating the panther players
and how so many of them seem to be having additional problems
and Dino's got to go up north
and Pavell's got to go to Alabama with a banjo on his bad knee
and Gordon Murphy's been out for six months of Wednesday
and all these people don't seem to come back.
And this particular practitioner said to me,
I've heard a lot of bad things about that place.
Huh, you know what I just said?
He's heard a lot of bad reports
about some of those doctors over there.
So if you're over the age of 100,
I recommend highly that you go over to that particular spot.
Otherwise, I'm not too sure at this point.
They got me really pissed off.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
And now we see the president getting ready
to deliver his address.
He's in the oval office with the gold drapes behind him
and he is preparing to address the American people.
I'm not a huge music place.
My fellow Americans, I have deployed our forces
to put up a fight in a place called Kosovo.
Outside of Albania, where all the mass don't use gold.
Right there in Kosovo, we're gonna blow away.
Serbian Muslims in the KLA.
Slop open up my losovic.
Is mad because his nickname is Slop.
Later a Kosovo freak out and poke out the candy.
Anglicle that Romania, Bulgaria, Croatia,
Herskoginia, Serbia, Kristina, Adriaticia,
the Kosovo.
That's where I told NATO to do point our planes and go.
And I have it in Belgrade in Seria.
And you go molten, they grow.
And they God bless America.
You know, Bokka Bryant ought to be really proud
because not only is Randy Rhodes ripping off that bit,
but now Castro, didn't I predict that yesterday
he'd need the next one to rip it off?
Because that's his whole thing is a rip off artist.
He should send bills out to all these people.
Yeah, Bokka Bryant, you oughta set a bill to that
to bitch up there in Palm Beach and set a bill
over to Castro and over there too, over at the queer channel.
Rip off artist, baby. Man, pathetic.
By the way, speaking of people that we used to know.
Brad Pitt God.
Jennifer said, so there's a little piece in the paper today.
Anybody want a little piece?
It says, and now it's time for a pit stop with two T's.
Since we already seem to be focusing on some male persons
in their visual aspect, it says,
which forget about the rest of the article.
Globe, that celebrity info icon says,
it sources claim Brad Pitt may be reluctant to wet his real life
love interest Jennifer Aniston because he's afraid
to disillusion the millions of fans, including many males
who dig him.
Now wait till you're the rest of this.
Brad Pitt God.
Brad has always been a gay icon.
Says Kai Plaskon of the gay and lesbian time.
He's a cute and charming blonde guy.
So of course, gay men worship him.
Oh, he's blonde.
I thought they died as here, blonde.
He was never blonde.
For that one awful movie where he was like up there lost
in the amount with the snow and he's blood,
what he wants to be.
Oh, here's how pit's former manager
filled low bill season.
He's actually flattered because there were so many
homosexuals who have made great contribution to the arts.
He's also practical about it.
The more movie going fans is the better.
Straight or gay, okay?
What basically it says is Brad Pitt likes you
no matter what you're doing.
If you want a little, maybe he'll cooperate.
Who knows?
I got news for you.
You know, he's okay.
Now he was, what was the name of that movie?
Where he's like about 19 or 20, which was it?
When he was on the roller blades and all that's remember
that movie where he was like the high school
jock, the track star.
What was the name of that flick?
I know the way you're talking about it,
but I forget that.
He was like 20, playing 18 or something like that.
They always do that.
That was a little more than he looked like.
Now he's not kind of scrawny and we all saw in the event
that a real very pencil thin penis that, yeah, I mean,
yeah, that's all that important.
He looks okay, but let's not get carried away.
I mean, you know that an artist is like starting to fade
a little bit when they have to as go out of their way
to make overtures to us bags.
Then you know they're starting to droop just,
it's dupe and a little bit.
And the people that saw the thing on the internet
weren't all that impressed.
Here's a mobile pig reporting plantation.
Yeah, new.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, before I lose you.
I piloted a little bit south of Peter's.
They're hiding in that little complex there.
You got two plantation cops, cars,
and then about four on motorcycles.
And it just nailing everybody.
Nice thing how they got off hiatus road for one day.
That's good.
Oh, yeah, but I guess this is our pass over present.
Okay, thanks.
No, thank you.
Happy pace officer.
And back to you.
Come on, let's get some Jews in there telling us
about all this good.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, about the saltwater.
What is that?
What do you do with a full of saltwater?
You do what with the parsley in it?
You dip the parsley in it.
You dip the parsley in the saltwater,
and then you eat it, and then you...
Get it off the air.
Yeah.
Parsley.
I mean, who don't want to eat parsley like by itself?
Parsley is usually like a little appendage to something.
You put a little parsley like on pasta, huh?
A little parsley flakes on top of something,
like on your macaroni and cheese this Friday.
Now what about good Friday?
Are there culinary things that you have to follow on good?
Well, you don't know about good Friday.
I forget.
Or as Wednesday.
See, don't listen to George when he does
these shows and it's pretends to be an expert on religion.
He's really slipping bad.
I haven't been to Catholics since I was nine.
But have to be, you're supposed to know this stuff.
You're supposed to know why you hate it
and know it's ridiculous.
It was ridiculous.
Of course, what do I know about taste of either?
So, yeah, I'm even.
I'm supposed to know.
I never knew any of this stuff, you know?
Because it's all the same.
Airby holiday, the Egyptians were chasing the Jews
and they either ran out of oil and the lamp,
or it was...
Well, that's what it is, Hanukkah.
And then they...
Who knows?
All these wild, crazy stories.
It's a good occasion to get together, have some food,
break the bread.
Oh, not the bread.
Oh, sorry.
Break the unleavened bread.
Have a little bit of wine and that's it.
And the rest of it, forget it.
And sit around and laugh at the Orthodox and then mail
and mention the fact several times
that were embarrassed by their behavior.
Here's a lady in Miami, hello.
Hi, Neil.
And I will, yes, ma'am.
Well, as being an ex-NUN, I have a degree in theology.
It's a BS in theology because that's all it's good for.
So I can be as on it.
You were talking about Ash Wednesday, yeah.
Yes, Wednesday, yeah.
Yeah, Ash Wednesday, basically, it's a best-adjusted
and ashes to ashes.
It's a penitent thing back in the middle age
as they used to actually wear sackcloth and ashes.
And so that they...
Sounds like a sack of crap to me.
It sure is.
Well, what's the significance?
I mean, what is that whole length thing about
the 30 days?
Penitent.
Tenants of what?
Well, 40 days that Christ was in the desert fasting.
So they're...
And I thought you wouldn't have always been in the desert?
Huh?
No, at one point in time, you should be.
Oh, no, seriously?
Is there anything except desert in Israel?
No.
True.
So how could he have been in the desert only 40 days
unless he was out of town maybe the rest of the time?
Well, this is supposed to be 40 days
if he was in BFA.
Yeah.
So, anyway.
And then as far as the story goes.
I know.
I know it.
I mean, it brings fairy tales.
God.
They really are.
They're terrific.
Where is the...
Where is the...
Where's me out?
Yep.
And then...
Almost as much as getting calls from Georgia's accountant
that crazy David with his de filan.
Okay.
That's terrible.
Have you ever seen that?
Do you know what that is?
Yes, I do.
Where the rats fall.
Other straps around their arm and both.
It's awful.
And there's no circulation going on your hands.
Right.
He's just about cuts out and they start wailing.
And of course, you'd be wailing too
if they cut your circulation off.
Well, what is that?
What kind of lunacy?
What kind of SNM exercise?
Actually, the habit was kind of tight too.
It kind of cut the circulation off to the brain.
Yeah.
You wanted to know about that.
That's what this lane of defill is.
It's a bad habit too.
Oh, there you go.
But the panther, we're talking about some answers about panther
over but I just don't remember what your questions were.
Well, I don't understand any of this stuff with the food.
You know, like the...
Well, I guess this article...
Basically, it's because they were supposed to be ready to travel.
So therefore, they didn't have time to allow the bread to rise.
So the bread was flat.
They didn't let it rise?
That's right.
Because...
And how about the bread?
But that's the reason why.
The unleavened bread, basically.
Bread that doesn't have any yeast in it.
And therefore, can't rise because you're...
Oh.
That's the answer.
Are you ever...
I'm going to collapse just hearing you describe this.
I'm so sorry.
No, I'm so worn out for it.
It wears me out.
It just makes me weak thinking about all these silly things.
Exactly.
I mean, of course, it's good for business.
All the people, you know, the people that make kosher foods and so on.
They got to make their money some time in the years.
So they sell a lot of them.
Who in the right mind would buy matsu the rest of the year?
It tastes like cardboard.
I mean, it's okay with like a lot of salt and butter on it.
Is it like rice cake?
No.
No.
It's tasteless.
Oh.
Okay.
No, rice cake.
No, rice cakes at least have some taste to it.
But this is like totally bland and tasteless.
And that's why you have to smear a lot of butter on there and then some salt.
Yeah, that's right.
How about some jam?
I mean, you could take the butter and salt and put it on your hand and lick it off.
And that would taste pretty good too, you know.
But you have to put it.
It's like getting a really crappy steak and loading on some great steak sauce, you know.
Because your steak has no taste.
That's what the butter and the salt is because the matsu is tasteless.
Well, anyway, those are the things that I've got.
I'm sure you'll find out.
Now, what about good Friday?
Because I am taking the day off and I want to be an observant Catholic this good Friday.
Good Friday.
Do I eat macaroni?
Definitely.
Do I eat macaroni and cheese?
At noon, do you need to go to a church?
Well, I'm not going to do that.
Well, I'm just telling you what the proper observance would be.
And then you would do the...
I'm not going to go to church street, I'm not going to go to church.
You ready for this one?
Yeah.
The stations of the cross.
You go to each one of these.
There's seven on one side of the church and seven on the other.
The stations?
Is one like a QA, am I hope?
Well, that would be across the bear.
I'm sure.
It always is, yeah.
And each one has a different significance.
So you would actually say, oh my God, why have you forsaken me?
And that's probably...
Even though he already knew the answer, of course.
Yeah.
But it was part of the script, so we had a play and not...
There you go.
Like the passion play.
Exactly.
Well, that's what the passion play is.
The stations of the cross are very similar to a passion play.
That's like a church, new and an end to round three.
That's one that's traditionally one he was supposed to play.
But what can you eat on good Friday?
Well, you're not supposed to eat meat.
Yeah.
As far as fasting goes, I think the church doesn't...
I'm not sure because I'm not Catholic anymore.
But I don't think they have that Friday during let.
I may be wrong.
Okay.
But I do know that on good Friday you don't eat meat.
You're really supposed to fast all day.
No food at all.
But, you know, that's not possible.
So in other words, even though they call it good Friday,
it's kind of like you're on Kipper.
It's a sad...
That's what Jen went to a good time.
I'm going to point to you about that speed-classy time
and the cross took away our sense.
That's what makes it good.
Good for us bad for him.
There you go.
Okay.
Okay, I'm going to pass out.
I'm just going to be a prostrate player in the floor.
Put some straps around your arms
and take all the circulation out of your hands
and maybe it'll go up your head and you will pass out.
Oi!
Okay. Happy...
Happy heathen day.
Thank you.
Bye-bye.
Wow. Leave it to the ex-dunder to come through with the info, huh?
Oh.
Just get weak into these from hearing all of these ridiculous,
maniacal, silly, uh...
560, 7.0560,
a pound 560 on a mobile one line.
Anybody out there really like Maksa?
No.
Lam Shank?
No.
Shaw Shank?
No.
Redemption?
Parsley in the salted water?
No.
Yummy.
Now, why don't they make brisket?
You got to have something to eat.
Christ!
I do like brisket.
So, by the way, I think tomorrow we will have pony tail combined
with some of that unleavened Maksa pizza and Maksa lasagna.
That's just a little hint, pony tail, okay?
Can't do it today.
I got mommy's for lunch today.
Plus, at least it'll be officially on paysocks.
By the way, I forgot to mention,
that's another one of Sonny Hershelife's stand.
Another one of those carts I was talking about today,
it's got the S on there from sports department
back at wherever he was working at the time.
And it says on the label,
owner says, puked burp.
We'll always have that, remember?
Oh, and by the way, I heard somebody call up Hank yesterday.
I was going to the store and a guy gets on here.
See, this is just what I was talking about yesterday.
Some of us, we don't exist.
Any of us who worked at IOD except Hank,
none of the rest of us don't exist.
It's all a figment of our imagination.
And the guy was talking about Sonny's call in the game
where the kid ran 99 yards for the touchdown.
And about, oh yeah, my kid and I were always talking about that.
It was always so cute, you know, 99 yards.
The only reason this guy remembers 99 yards
is because on this show and Rick and Todd,
the both of us, we took the clip out and it was like legendary
for whatever reason.
I don't remember why, but it was, whatever.
Which unfortunately is long gone.
I wish we still had it.
All we got left of Sonny is,
there you go, at least it's something on his cart.
Anyway, meet the nephew today.
Meet Chris Reed.
He's not a bad guy.
He's one of the few people around here that's, you know, he's okay.
He's going to have the QAM van out today
between 1230 and 130 at the Shell Gas Station on US27
and Southwise 27th Avenue in the Grove.
But they're going to the Grove again.
We don't do squat in the Grove.
What did they go in there for?
You know what this is like?
This is like that thing that Harry Penis was doing with
what's her name on a travel show.
Irene Richard, remember?
And she didn't want to put the guest on.
Well, it may have to cancel your show.
This is another one of these incestuous Sam the Sham deals.
So who knows what he's going on.
He's probably pumping Ethel down there at Shell.
Anyway, US1 and Southwise 27th Avenue in the Grove.
So we got free tickets to the Marlins Metz game next Tuesday, April 6th.
Criticization of H&R Block.
And by the way, H&R Block will be filing taxes for free at the stadium at that game.
Or get free tickets to date, date County for an expo from our QAM van.
It'll be out there for 1230 to 13 today.
It'll be a miracle if any.
I think what they do is on this show, they go out to places where they think nobody will show up and say,
all of a G, nobody here.
Manage was out the other day. It was packed.
We go out free on your show.
Nobody there.
Maybe that's why nobody's calling you, Mr.
You don't have any audience.
That's what it's all about.
Here's some rise. Hello.
Hi Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm a Jew and son rise.
I haven't practiced in a while.
Yeah.
But when I was growing up, I did practice this fact.
In fact, I practiced it in Orthodox for a while.
Oh, hey!
They have some insight into some of these bubble micees.
Exactly.
Yeah.
The list reads kind of like the nurse with Tom DeLouise and Fatsil.
You can't eat on past.
That's right.
No corn, no beans, no rice, no cookies, candies, cakes, pies, you know.
And then when he picks the grape up out of the bowl of fruit, no fruit.
Right.
I love that.
That's a question.
The one word that sums it up is sacrifice.
Yeah.
Because they were leaving Egypt on the lamb.
They were, okay, get out.
On the lamb.
They had to take you right.
They had to take everything, you know, as it was.
And so they couldn't harvest anything, obviously.
Now, what if they were fleeing from Egypt on the piggyback?
And what if they had to eat pork on paysocks?
That would be bad.
As far as the brisket, I don't know that, when I was growing up, that was never a tradition.
I remember having a...
I keep asking everybody, what about the word that this brisket comes from?
I'm waiting two days now.
I don't have, I must have lost it, man.
I can't have one Jew calling in here.
Tell me, what a brisket has got to do with paysocks.
I think it's got something to do with where you live.
Maybe for the Northeast, shape, brisket.
I know we ate chicken a lot.
Yeah.
How much chicken?
That's one thing about being Jewish.
By the time you get to be about 20, you're chickened out.
You've had all the chicken you can have.
You know, why do we want to see another chicken?
And the thing is, you can eat just about anything as long as it's made with mottomere.
Yeah.
And today, it's a big business, like you said.
They've got any cake mix and pancakes and on and on and on.
And the thing is that it's become such a big business.
That was the disillusionment for the people of Washington.
My religion was...
I said, Levent, even he's on Levent on paysocks, they tell me.
And don't forget the fact of the first born.
Today, if you were the first born, you must fast.
Because of course, that was the whole basis for the angel of death passing over.
Yeah, that's right.
Well, guess what?
I was the second born.
So, I mean, maybe...
You got to work.
I'm casket at Tisket.
I'm checking out that brisket.
Exactly.
And that's the origin of the holidays because all the first born Egyptian males were smitten.
Yeah.
All the first born Jewish boys.
There was an awful lot of...
There was a beginning and smitten going.
That's basically all I went on in the Bible was to get an smitten and smitten and to get an blood and torture and sacrifice and nail him guys up on the cross and...
Oh, my God.
Horrorshow.
Wow.
Exactly. Very well said.
So, that's...
I know one thing I wanted to mention.
I've been listening for several days, a week to actually.
I probably the other day about melting pot.
You know, the America is the melting pot.
He said this town was a melting pot.
Right. No.
Most of them using.
If you think back.
So, when is the butterstone?
How long temperature we got to get to before it starts melting?
Well, my opinion is the stove's been off for a long time.
Yeah.
Nobody melts.
They all come here and they set up little pockets of their own individual ethnic cultures.
They don't blend in.
They don't assimilate.
When this country was started or when people were coming to this country through Ellis Island and so forth,
all these different nationalities would come to this country.
And they did.
They started to blend in.
They started to marry people that were already here from different countries and so forth.
They were truly a melting pot.
And that's what we have.
We have all these diversity.
We have people that are, like you say, the hyphenated people that they like to refer to themselves as.
But they're Americans.
They've been Americans.
They're people.
They're human beings, baby.
They stay stepped on the shores and try to fight.
Nobody bought me by the human beings.
Remember that song?
That was a good record.
Can't go records.
But the thing is that they don't melt anymore.
They come in.
And of course, you know what happens when you turn the stove off and that oil in the frying pan starts solidifying.
It turns to like a lard.
Right.
And that's what we got.
We got a lot of lard acids in this town who are professionalists or professionalists.
They're professional hyphenated human beings as opposed to being just plain ordinary Americans or humans or whatever the hell they are.
I don't give a crap.
African American, Irish American.
I'm a Cuban American.
I'm sick of it.
I don't want to hear about it anymore.
If I have to be some kind of compartmentalized human being based on somebody else's definition, screw it.
Absolutely.
Let him coxal hoist is what I say.
They're citizens.
Exactly.
And the last thing I wanted to disagree with you about something ever since the Academy Awards, you have to realize that Shakespeare in love was a comedy.
Yeah.
So it won.
It breaks the tradition.
Because after all, one best comedy.
But does anybody care about Shakespeare?
No.
It's a dead issue.
The worst award ever.
Happy quanzas, sir.
Thank you.
God bless you.
Happy quanza.
Happy boxing day, eh?
There you go.
There's a holiday which I have no idea what it's all about.
The carux have got that one.
Boxing day, day after Christmas.
And what do they do with that?
They made it into a big shopping day.
Boxing day, say, everything's the day to go out and shop.
Now, what about good Fridays?
That's, I guess, like you know, I'm Kipper, right?
That's a solemn day.
Well, what do you shrugging your shoulders for?
I'm looking for an advertisement for the age of nine.
But you know, you did just something based on this.
Yes, sir.
I think you ought to be extcommunicated right now.
You do the damage.
I think you need a, an exorcism right now.
Because if you don't get with it, you know what's going to happen to you.
That's right.
And you will.
You'll go to Hell God.
Yeah, man.
Right.
Nine minutes after 11 at 560, WQM Hank Goldberg, two to five 30.
Because after five 30, Hank's going to go,
oh, he's going to schlep right off to that satir, baby.
And have a little bit of wine.
And no much of, by the way, Hank.
Hank was in here yesterday.
He's looking a lot better.
He lost 34 pounds.
We're trying to keep him alive.
Blue guy with the others, no hope for blue.
I mean, blue guy is younger than the rest of us.
And we've got maybe a little more timeless.
But he is, if he continues expanding at the rate that he's expanding,
he'll make Ron Jeremy, Fat Boy and Elle Goldstein joined together,
pale into what's significant.
He's growing like an out of control monster.
The booster.
But Hank, there's still hope for, okay?
So please, no monster.
Maybe just a little bit, a little taste.
A lot of brisket.
Tenth of a day.
But no, about the brisket.
Come on.
Let's hear about the brisket.
God, I die for some good brisket.
See, there's something we actually like.
And then I can eat without getting fat.
It's today's fall fashions.
It's retro-omish.
Retro-omish.
You're a huff-knit-me-huff.
Retro-omish.
I can't wait to get into here.
It's suspended.
Retro-omish.
Fine.
Retro-omish.
It's here, it's automotive department.
I don't know if you've got an oxygen in your later house or are you just happy to see the retro-omish.
You're going to have to get in.
You know, I'm talking about knocking the Italians, knocking the Irish defending the Cuban zoo.
I'm not knocking.
Yes, you are.
560-705-60, pound 560.
Why don't you just admit that you're a very thin skin, uptight, professional human.
We all know that.
And that the minute that somebody farts in a wrong direction, something about how that cuisine or your sucks,
so you get all bent out of shame.
You've never eaten it.
I don't want it.
You don't know it.
I don't want it.
You don't know.
Never had sex with Brad Pitt.
You want it?
No.
Okay, there you go.
I have no idea.
I have no idea.
I don't know what you're saying.
560-705-60, pound 560.
I don't want to know what I'm talking about.
I don't want to have sex with women, okay?
I've never had it.
I don't want it.
You get it.
No, yeah.
I'm a, hey, woman.
There you go.
No, not about the women about the Cuban zoo.
Oh.
No, I'm not.
I love my Cuban friends.
Huh?
You eat Mexican food.
I do.
You have.
A little taco bell.
Well, I've been to Mexican restaurants in Quijs, right?
Right.
He has me to green apple, quick step.
Oh, it's cominger than that.
Huh?
I don't understand your own versions to not try something.
I don't like cons of that.
Don't you understand?
I like, uh, betting on what I like watching them race.
I don't like eating them.
I mean, that's a funny joke.
It's not a joke, okay?
It's a joke.
Is it horse meat or is it the Chupa Cabra that piece of crap
that you put on a plane call out of steak?
What is that?
What?
And what's that sopa?
I'm a ropa.
What is that thing?
Here's a Pember Pine.
Hello.
Oh, here?
Yes, sir.
Hi, I'm a not-practicy Catholic in Pine.
I have a little story for you.
Yes, sir.
See a friend of mine, he was an altar boy back in our old school, right?
He was a fact in the church.
Yeah.
He was an altered boy.
He was an altar boy.
Was he circumcised?
Uh, yeah, you wouldn't know, I guess.
I wouldn't know.
Yeah, we believe in that.
So, every, um, in during the season of Lent, it's a sin to eat meat on Fridays.
You know that, right?
Well, in any case, did he-
I don't know.
He was serving, he was serving a mess on a Friday in Lent.
Yeah.
And, uh, you know, he served the mess.
And then after the, after the mess, the priest took, took all the altar boys out to eat, right?
Yeah.
And he took a tour restaurant and they all had steaks.
They all were eating meat, yeah.
Got a good Friday with the priest right there and he was eating the meat.
Oh, right.
Great.
Well, a lot of priests like their meat.
So, are we-
Are we-
In the Kirk?
Yeah.
So, how's that for religious leadership?
I think, uh, he's leading him into the promised world.
There you go.
Who wouldn't want to go out and have a nice steak, huh?
Absolutely.
God bless him and you too, sir.
All right.
And happy, uh, boxing day.
Amy, are you going to the bad news today?
Yes, sir.
I'll be there.
We'll-
We'll-
Good-bye, I'll see you there.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
They open up at
them.
I mean, most people can't understand how a bowl of spaghetti could taste that good.
I'm not talking about with anything adorning it.
I'm just talking with pomegranate oil, tomato sauce, and the cheese mixed in throughout.
Like gooey, you know what I mean?
I'm going to tell you something seriously.
I could have a...
Squirt, Squirt.
...accident.
That's how I'm eating it.
That's how I'm going to taste in the spaghetti too.
I mean, just unbelievable.
Can't do it.
Because I didn't cut the crap in time.
So, boo, I don't want to keep...
You know, he's hopeless.
He just wants to be a fat cow, you know?
We're going to start calling fat people fat cows that they don't like it too bad.
Because it's unhealthy.
It looks like hell.
You people have to hockey games.
Let's lose some weight.
Christ almighty, we got a brand new arena that the chairs are creaking.
The chairs are the whole place is like crumbling.
Because all you people with your fat asses, I'm serious.
I walk in there and I feel very spelt.
I really do.
I feel like, God, look how skinny I am.
Here's sunrise.
Hello.
Zag is into Hayden-Neil.
And back to you.
Born to...
A born to get atheist.
A reason to face off.
What do you know how that means?
Exactly.
Born to get atheist.
You're a brisket issue.
Yes.
It's a matter of interpretation, like it is with the...
Depending upon which test of it you're full enough to believe.
If your parents came from this region, this is your traditional main course.
From the same region.
I'm just saying very lightly.
My family, it's roast beef one, 19 turkey, the next.
If your grandparents came from this end of Europe and it was brisket,
there's no traditional satir dinner that you eat.
It's whatever your family tradition was as I understand it.
That's the way I understood it.
Right.
I was brought up as a kid with the United Synagogue group.
I laid it.
I benched it.
I popped on it.
You know what I'm saying?
You name it.
I did it.
I'll tell you one story that I recall as a young parent that probably interprets everything.
My kid has the dubious honor of having his birthday usually fall on the pass over how other.
Which always made it difficult because you can't have this and you can't have that.
You can't have that.
One day we wanted to have a pool party at my parents' house and my parents' house.
How about a ham and cheese sandwich?
I eat ham on Friday.
Some of them thought everybody at the same time.
But we were doing a pool party and we were doing hamburgers.
And they're low and behold, my mother's putting hamburgers into rolls.
And I'm looking at it going with the hell of this.
Because I want to get unleavened.
It's much a roll.
And I'm sitting here going.
If you go into a store like these kosher stores, you can find a food that is acceptable for Passover that completely defeats the purpose of sacrifice.
You can find bread that's not leavened.
You can find grains that you can eat because you're not supposed to eat grains that don't have this.
I'm not serious.
This stuff that Jeff Cohen, I'm not just saying because it's a sponsor.
But this stuff is lots of pizza and mazzani he's making that's unleavened.
It's fantastic.
It tastes even to me even better than the regular stuff.
But that's the whole idea.
The fact that it's been commercialized to the point of how can we get around it and still call it kosher.
Right.
So the whole thing is different.
As if it makes it different.
Exactly.
So as you can pace up to you and then put a big pile of pasta on the say to plate in the hell of them.
And Zag is on.
See you later.
Okay. There you go.
There's the answer.
A task at a biscuit.
Maybe you want some brisket or maybe a big turkey, huh?
Or maybe like a pork sandwich would be good.
On white bread, on wonder bread.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18.
But it's tradition.
It's tradition.
We've been conditioned to doing all of these things.
And so year in and year out, we keep doing them even though they're very extraordinarily silly.
And they make little or no sense, in fact less than no sense.
But the majority of people just continue going around like robots, like automatons doing these things.
Because that's the way we do things.
You know.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
I'm not going to beg for calls today because I don't want to get that dark, complexed guy all upset that called at the end of the worst season.
I know your listings, pal.
I know you'll be listening out there right now.
You'll be there.
Let me hold your pencil a minute, pal.
Here's a lady in Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Nail.
Yes, I am.
My husband always listens to your program.
What about you?
Oh, I listen to.
And then I heard you say something about micronearies.
And I can't seem to find them.
Also.
1230 on your dial.
What do you live?
Oh, you're in Hollywood.
You should be able to hear them.
1230.
Well, 1230 is the spot on the dial on AM.
6 to 10 in the morning or 6 to 9 in the morning.
On AM.
Right.
1230.
That's 1230 on the clock.
1230 on the dial.
And Henry Barrow seems to disagree about this.
He has retired.
He's gone to the big, oh, radio broadcast booth in retirement home.
I think he's in a nursing home.
No.
I was heard him on the Thursday.
And he wasn't on anymore.
Well, he heard that those ratings were really bad.
So we said, I think it's time to get out of here.
And he did.
Well, I appreciate you're telling me.
Hey, listen, I wish nothing but the best to a micronearie.
You never saw a freight train.
Thanks.
I miss this program very much.
That was the beginning of the end for that radio station.
We all know that, don't we?
When they let him go and they stuck his stand in the back.
That was the beginning of the end and they deserved it.
Right.
Then have a happy.
Thank you.
And Zagazan.
You too.
Okay.
W-I-O-D.
Oh, I hate that station.
5670560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
I should have realized they're getting real close to pay saw.
I should have understood that.
That's why we've had a real tough time the last two or three weeks.
Oh, yeah.
This thing covers an eternity.
I see the sports bags out there.
It doesn't affect them.
I mean, they're always out there.
Those same 200 sports bags.
We know about them.
Hey, who do you think they're going to get to play a right tackle in that draft?
Who do you think is going to be a...
What was that guy from Omaha, from Nebraska?
What's his name?
Oh, boy.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
What's up?
How you doing, sir?
Should I frankly continue to send over the pepper's in and I'll teach?
Right.
I got to...
I can eat that.
Yeah, this might be a little too delayed, but I've got a tier room report in one of the most unlikely places.
Yes.
The bathrooms at Miami-Dade Community College, we're talking Sodom and Gomorrah.
Really?
I mean, I was there yesterday holding it and that too.
And I looked to the left and to the right and I see advertisements for young dingas, volomente.
And you're looking for glory holes.
Yeah.
And meet me at the showers at 11.30 and all kinds of good stuff.
So Miami-Dade, that's where the next cruising...
Well, you know who goes to Miami-Dade and of course, obviously, you're one of them, but I mean, you know.
Yeah, this is kind of late, but I kind of wanted to make an addition to the list of gay professions.
Yes, sir.
And that anybody who wants to end in beauty for boy?
Okay.
And I'd like to try for a call here by me.
Yes.
Okay, I'll read it there too.
Whatever you say.
George liked it.
George is just sniggering.
567-0560.
We got 600 open lines today.
We're just going to kind of like fake our way through today and tomorrow trying to make it through a pay-off.
And then what happens after that?
And then we got Easter Sunday.
I think once we get past this Easter business and you've eaten all that Easter chocolate, I think then we'll be okay.
Then we'll have it under control.
And by the way, Greg would have said he would have gone down and to see the response that the thing we're doing today with a fan.
But he doesn't have enough gas money to get down there and it's already...
He'll get no more allowance money the next week.
Patrick Braum!
If you're one of the millions of people who've been praying to hear the post-singing on his own CD, your prayers have been answered.
Now through a special arrangement with the Vatican, his holiness is back.
And he's singing better than ever on the Pope's sing.
He's the love me to introduce myself by name, his Pope John Paul.
Oh, yes, it's Pope John Paul II singing songs that will lift you up and make you get down.
He's turned around and they're starting to play that organ music, choir boy.
Play that organ music, right?
Play that organ music, choir boy.
Play it down in phobia and play that organ music in high-dive, which might be so...
The Pope sings, gives you the chance to hear the many sides of the owner of the Pope's reveal.
Oh, there are the Pope's reveal.
He's the father of the Pope's father of the Stoom and...
He's the father.
And on this CD, he's the father.
You should be playing finger.
You should all go together and sing as a church play.
I say, if you want to, you may have been just fool if you knew your church.
So come up and play finger.
P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-Pingo.
P-A-T-P-P...
P-A-T-P-P-P, oh.
6-9.
I sang 2 minutes.
So a Pope sings is available now at a special InfraDoc Freefright.
Get it and save yourself.
$5.
Hurry.
It's instructional of the 33 at 5.60 WQAM.
Here's a memo just handed me.
to all WDQM staff from Gregory.
It gives me great satisfaction to announce that WDQM MVP for the month of February is...
Gary Sarner.
Gary, who has recently promoted the National Sales Manager at WDQM, has done a commendable job of getting our national sales rolling.
Gary is blowing away budgets and is on the verge of taking WDQM to new heights in national sales.
Gary is blowing away budgets.
Gary has done several tours of duty here at WDQM and is a very devoted employee.
He truly loves and believes in what WDQM is all about.
Beyond all of that, he is a good friend and a good person who is truly dedicated to improving his performance here at WQM.
He is blowing away budgets.
Gary will receive a $200 bonus or he better take the WDQM pin for his achievement.
Please join me in congratulating Gary Sarner, the February employee of the month at 5.60 WQAM.
Oh, right.
Gary is good.
Maybe he's a good friend.
And a good person.
You know what I'm not interested in the way that I always noticed that the way that these are written, there's always like a little message in there, like a little stoch. Have you ever noticed that?
A little stoch.
He's a good friend.
Gary will go to dinner with me, says Greg.
Some of the others won't.
George will take a free meal like tonight George is going to dinner with our gold steam.
George will take a free meal from virtually anyone.
I bet she even had fat boy came in and said, hey, I'm going to buy a dinner with Chris.
I'll draw the line there.
If he said, I'll buy a dinner with Chris and I'll sit at another table.
You'd say, okay.
Can I sit at another table?
Right.
In other words, just tell him, stay away in the back. Pretend you don't know me.
You've heard that line before.
Stay away in the back. Don't come anywhere near me. Pretend you don't know me.
I don't want to be embarrassed by you.
Sit in the back sucking on your Snickers bars. They are still from Power 96.
See, Gregory, one thing he'll never understand because he doesn't speak the broadcasting lingo is that some of us are here to do a job.
We're not here to schmooze. We're not here to be good friends with people like, yeah, unless we, you know, become good friends with them which can't happen.
Sometimes it does. Sometimes it doesn't. We're here to do a job.
Hello. Goodbye. Where's my check? Have a nice life. That's it.
Very simple. You do your job. You do it well. You bring in a lot of money. You make them money. That's all that's required.
Unless, of course, you're just operating a fraternity.
And also Greg Poked his head in the door here a few minutes ago when I was in middle of the show and says, the George, what's all this?
I'm hearing about the Cleveland Clinic. They're upset.
And it took me back to the yesterday when Hank was reading that letter from his landlord there at the Jockey Club.
About C. Cindy Citties comments as if he's going to season these things which he is not going to.
He's going to keep a yak in his big fat mouth. He feels like it because evidently that it's right.
He's pissed off and fired up about whatever's going on that joint.
And I'm pissed off and fired up about what's going on the Cleveland Clinic.
I mean, a pile of all burry thing. That's all conjecture. I have no idea.
You know, everybody's guessing about that. But my own personal experiences.
And what my friend practitioner told me yesterday about some of the stuff that go, I'm not happy with it.
I'm very unhappy with it with some of my experiences.
So you people over there at the Cleveland Clinic, whether you're a 500-year-old people sitting in the waiting rooms,
even though you've been very nice in getting me in and out of there and giving me preferential treatment from that standpoint,
nevertheless, what have they done for me?
Besides having one guy give me a prescription for medication that was way way too much.
That sent my blood sugar sourcing up and no follow through, no nothing.
And as far as I'm concerned, I'm real unhappy. And like I said the other day,
I wouldn't take my miniature pincher there. Okay? That's the way I feel about it.
Just so there's no misunderstandings, okay? Nobody's going to intimidate me and tell me what to say on the year.
About the Cleveland Clinic, about the Jockey Club, about Greg Reed's haircut, about anything.
Okay? Because that's what I do. That's what I'm paid to do.
It's do the near-round-you-show period.
So maybe a little bit more thoroughness might help over there, okay?
A little more thoroughness, a little more follow-through.
And by the way, remember the big humongous thing I had here, the bruise on my arm,
where that bitch took my blood out there.
Now I've had blood taken in most of you if you're my age.
You've had blood taken a zillion times.
And you know, sometimes if they hit the vein just the wrong way,
it can leave like a little black and blue mark per cup of tea.
This wasn't just a little black and blue mark.
You saw it, you're all witnessed as big and purple as your shirt.
As big and purple as my f***, that's right.
You're God damn right.
And most people don't have a f*** near elbow.
Okay?
So there.
Here's a mobile and kindle. Hello?
What's up, Neon?
Hey, don't you're great.
Listen, I heard peach giving away tickets.
I give them a 20 for both of them.
Okay, call them up. See how he's doing.
5670560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
We're not pimping for tickets, okay?
And we're not doing nothing for tickets.
Although at 1230 we are giving away free tickets in today's county fair and exposition.
And also tickets for the Marlins Metz game to the April 6th courtesy of H&R Block.
The nephew of Chris Reed, he'll be there with a QM van, 1230-13,
Shell Station, US1 and Southwest 27.
Don't disappoint him, Don.
Don't disappoint me because then it makes us look bad because then he comes back and says to the uncle.
He said, oh, there was nobody there in that knee.
You know, that's what goes on around here.
You know, like Sam said, the other day when I was off for a while.
Remember that day?
For 20 minutes when I had to go to the doctor that day and you did 20 minutes of the...
Does Greg know about this?
No, does Duff know about this?
That's even worse.
Can you imagine?
Does Duff know about this?
Let me say it again.
Sam, the water Nazi, the sales lady, Gary Sarner,
and the man with a bad haircut.
That's it.
Huh? That's the club, the inner circle.
That's exactly, that's the inner circle.
That's a gay club you moron.
21 before, did I leave out...
Raw!
That's just a face man.
That's good.
21 till noon at 560 WQM.
How did you sleep last night?
I slept great.
Even went out thinking my mouth.
How you air in shit like this?
There was an old farmer who lived on a rock.
He's had in the middle just taking his piss at some boys who were down by the fritz.
There feeding the waters, there hands on their marbles and play things and at half-pants more.
There came a young lady, she looked like a pretty young creature.
She sat on the grass, she pulled up her dress and she showed them her rubble and leases
and white fluffy duck.
She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children so they would not spin.
While the boys in the barnyard were shoveling, wrapped you thin leather from yesterday's hunt.
While the girl in the middle was rubbing her eye that the fellow down by the dot
he looked like a man with a side of her home in the country with a big fence out front.
If he asked her fun likely, she'd show him her list of bettos who was subject to bets.
And maybe she'd let him grab hold of her smolten her hands with the movement so quick.
And then she'd send over and suck down his candy so they'd be made of butter sky.
And he spread wood cream all over her cup tea that she had left out on her shelf.
If you think this is dirty you can go fuck yourself.
145 and 560 WQM Hank Goldberg will be here.
Let's see his Hank at Chulis today.
It's Wednesday. Yes, at Chulis from 2 to 530 then he's going to rush off for a passive receder.
Have a little wine.
537 Jim Manage the Mad Dog.
Yeah!
Tonight, don't be picking on Michigan State anymore, okay?
They are a bunch of animals you're right.
And then 7 o'clock we got to pregame Panthers in the islander 739.
Now look what I got now that my good close best personal friend Ray Perry just brought into me.
I'm just looking, she I don't want to pick on the Marlins, okay?
Because I know this is your Marlins station even though I have less than no interest.
And John Henry, you know, he is what he is.
But I just received my tickets, my season tickets for the Florida Marlins for the entire coming season,
which are in section 146 row 13 seats 9 and what's the other one?
And 10. Great seats.
Outstanding seats.
But, and my parking pass is 2.
The purple parking pass to be a good one.
But, I'm looking on these tickets.
Oh, here it is right here. God, am I blind or what?
Oh, man.
Is it, oh, I see who it is at time to take it.
I'm sorry, excuse me. I looked on the schedule. I didn't see it.
Here are 1999 opening day.
Now you know what's the opening day like any team, the first game, whether it's the Panthers in the Marlins, whatever.
The first ticket in the packet when your season ticket order is always like a souvenir thing.
It's like real RC parts you like this that maybe worth something someday, although it is the Marlins.
But I mean, maybe, you know.
So here they are. It's Monday, April 5, 405 at P.P. Park, infield box.
These aren't just your ordinary schlepidicky seats, okay?
These are great seats because Greg Reed and I are pretty guided in tight, okay?
We actually had a meal together.
Never again, but we had a meal together.
Now, in fact, you know, it's interesting. I mean, the employee of the month, it says, by the way, P.S.,
this should show you that only when you make your peace with...
When you ever get this award.
Remember when Gary Sarner came in and made his peace with us?
And all of a sudden, he's a good guy, he's a good friend, he's the employee of the month.
He's knowledgeable, he loves the basic guy. Gary Sarner.
Even we don't dislike him anymore.
Well, I don't.
No, George, it's a...
So during the break, George says something terrible up there.
Gary Sarner, that wouldn't be P.S. on here. It was very bad.
I may have had a pointer too, you know, but Gary and I are pretty tight.
And of course, it's interesting. He's done several tours of duty here,
meaning he's been canned many, many times, and then he'd come back with his tail between his legs.
But okay, you can come back. Nobody else will take you.
And we brought him back.
I'm glad that he's doing a great job because we need to make all that money we can to pay wing.
That's right, to pay the ball to pay that big, big mortgage that's hung over this entire place
because Greg wants to be the sports hot shot.
But anyway, here's the opening day tickets and the purple parking pass for the...
I want to say Panthers, the Marlins and the Metz.
And I'm going to give him away right here on the other day.
I know I don't... I'm not going to give away all these tickets,
but it's 4.5 in the afternoon. I know I'm not going.
I know John Churrain taking off from work to go see a Marlins game at 4 o'clock on a Monday.
Nobody I know is going to that crap. I mean, that's the game.
Look at that. Look at those lines line up all of a sudden now.
Look at them fill up. Huh?
How do you like? Look at that Airbnb line is lit.
Oh! Now I know what the problem is.
We haven't been given crap away on a year.
You go to the hockey games, they throw the t-shirts, the Panther Patrol,
that little a blimp is going around,
draping those little stupid things that give away,
that aren't worth a dime, that aren't worth a price of the paper that those things are printed on.
And everybody's knocking each other out of the balcony.
They're screaming, they're shrining.
Hey, I want that. Whatever it is, it's free. I want it.
We'll do a drawing, okay?
We'll do a drawing at 1 o'clock.
This is pretty special.
And I think it's pretty good then nice of me.
Even though some people around here think I'm a rotten son of a bitch,
I happen to be a hell of a nice guy, okay?
Whether they know it or not.
And you know, if they would treat me right at the Cleveland Clinic,
I'd say something nice about them.
If they would like find out, you know, do some stuff.
Don't just look at me and say, oh, yeah, well, we know, yeah.
Give me a song and a dance.
You know, if that's the way you're going to do things,
then people are going to talk about it, okay?
That's the way it works in the real world.
If you're going to follow through and you're going to be conscientious,
and you're going to really pay attention what you're doing with people's health,
then that's fine. That's great.
But if you're just going to leave people hanging out there in the wind
and look at them and start prescribing by a visual, whatever you're doing,
then I'm sorry, that I did not get too excited about.
And like I said, it's fine.
And you know, you're the little box saying the same thing.
We see these panthers. I don't know. You can only conjecture.
But when you see one after another, after another going down and not,
you know, coming back anytime soon, you have to start scratching your head.
What's going on over there?
So we'll do a drawing on these.
Okay, give me a way to somebody at about one o'clock.
You think you can handle that. You know, I'm not going to start doing this on a regular basis
because the guy was right. Giveaways are a killer. They kill this show.
We have a bunch of people sucking around. Please, please.
They're already calling up. What do you mean?
What's he giving away? You're giving those tickets? What do you mean they're already getting a call?
I said, we're going to do drawing it one.
How are we going to do the drawing one?
If they're not already calling up, I wanted to call up.
You have to, you know, the rest of the game.
You're so filled with hate against Gary Sharner that it's blinding you
to the reality of what we're doing today.
You're so jealous that Gary Sharner got you were expecting you to get it again
before you see if you wouldn't, if you would have taken the pin and not the money.
Hey, I'll take you to one at this point.
Yeah, that's right. Did he get the pin yet?
No.
Did he get the money yet?
No.
Did he got to live long enough to see either one? No.
Probably not. Did he got reimbursed for my panther playoff deposit yet?
No. No.
But they did pay the cable thing. Let's hear it.
Ow!
You see, you can isolate yourself from the real world.
I'm just speaking in general, not to anybody in particular.
You can isolate yourself from the real world and it'll live kind of like a make pretend life, you know?
Like, oh no, we don't do these things.
And this isn't the way things really happen.
And we're very responsible and we pay everybody on time.
And you can do that. You're not full of anybody.
But it makes, you know, that old saying about you believe you're on bullcrap.
Was not telling you that this morning.
There are some people who have led everybody down the garden path so many times and told so many wild tales.
Then after a while they do start believing their own crap.
Well, I'm not getting worked up about this, about these tickets.
They look good too, by the way.
Not really.
It's pretty boring, you know, when they cover it.
In fact, they look crappy when they come right down to it.
Look at that. Look how bland it is.
I mean, I don't want to aggravate John Henry.
I guess he's a pretty good guy, but God, the old Marlin, I mean the Panther tickets, those are pretty snazzy looking.
They got pictures of different players and the other teams on them and the Panther players.
They look pretty good.
Well, you're upset that we're going to do this.
See if that carries Jonathan again.
You want a pretty good mood until I mentioned his name to you heard he was getting the employee of the month.
Nonstop is at that cracker who didn't know what he's talking about.
Who?
The, uh, really.
When you stop at your professional human stuff, we got enough professional humans down here already.
You say anti-Semitism 10 times a day.
Yeah.
Well, aren't you?
Yeah.
Oh, except for the Arabs.
Yeah, right.
Well, at least they're a circumspect.
And what about, yeah, this is, this is boring looking stuff.
And even the opening day thing, you know, it's gray.
Everything is like gray or silver.
I guess it's silver, you know, which is kind of one of the many, the teal and the silver and whatever.
Marlin colors.
Puse.
Not too exciting.
Huh?
I guess they wanted to make tickets that kind of like matched in with the performance of last year's team.
Pretty bland.
They'll be better this year though.
Those youngsters in your organization.
Have we heard that before?
That's right.
That Todd and his, uh, uh, uh, Dunwoody.
What is that?
Chronic.
Chronic what?
Chronic colors.
People you don't want to talk to.
How do you know that?
See, I'm telling you, you're losing, you better get a grip by yourself.
You don't want to fight.
You got big shoes to fill in on Friday when I'm taking off for good Friday.
Team, I'm macaroni and cheese and ham sandwich.
I'm going to, I hope my mother's got something good and brave for lunch today.
Okay.
I hope she don't have anything kosher.
Doesn't your mother keep kosher?
No.
Of course not.
And by the way, guess what we have at lunch every week now since it's great on the, uh, Atkins bacon.
Bacon.
Oh, yeah.
How about bacon on pay-sock?
Oh, it's not sundown yet.
It's getting close, but I'm having lunch at 230.
It's not sundown yet.
Do you go to hell if he'd be a bacon on pay-sock?
Yes!
I'll see you there.
Love bacon.
Here's a mobile in Hylia.
Hello.
Yes, good morning, officer.
Yes, sir.
Uh, well, I was calling in a reference tool he were mentioning earlier about the brisket and uh, that gentleman stole my thunder.
That's not true.
Um, yes, but uh, he is absolutely correct about the, uh, traditional way of eating brisket.
Absolutely correct, sir.
Yeah.
It's not anything traditional as far as, uh, by Jewish law.
It's just depending on what part of the uh, the world you come from.
And, uh, according to his book, I have here, it's called The Jewish Primer, and it's written by...
The Jewish Primer?
A Primer?
Yeah, a rhyme.
Just keep in mind rhymes with Rimmer.
Okay, then you're familiar with it by Rabbi Dr. Schmohel Emelstein.
No. No. Okay. Why would I have to be familiar with that book to know how to pronounce PR-IMER?
You know what I'm saying? This is truth. Right. There are many other primers.
Sure one. Williams has got some good ones. There's only two actual foods that are required by Jewish law.
On Paisa. On Paisa. On Paisa. On Paisa. On Paisa. On Paisa. On Paisa must be one. And the other one.
And the other one. And the other one. The other one. The other one. One.
Is Maraure. The Abidder Erb. I beg your pardon? Maraure. Is...
Hear what he said? Oh, don't say that again. What is that?
It's the Abidder Erb. Oh, the Abidder Herb. Yes. Yes.
You can have that either as Romain lettuce or as horse radish.
As horse radish? That's it. Yeah.
And that's what you dip inside the paste that is made out of apples, nuts, cinnamon, and wine.
It puts the lotion in the basket. That's always more appetizing, yeah.
Uh-huh. But anyway, sounds like a bunch of pretty crappy stuff to me when you're with everybody so excited about having a satire for if they're going to be eating all this crap.
They're going to have parsley dipped in salted water. They're going to be eaten Maraure or whatever that was you just said.
It sounds like Drek and the horse radish, which is good on the filth of fish. Can you eat your filth of fish on Paisa?
Yeah, the filth of fish. I love your filth of fish.
Oh, there you go. As long as you got your mots of balls, and of course nobody makes you who have ever heard of making 11 mots of balls anyway.
Right. And as far as the apapta lamb thing was, it says in temple times when the apapta lamb was sacrificed, one was also required to partake of the meat of the lamb at the satire table.
Yeah. And that started, but as far as everything else, whether it's chicken or brisket or any other types of meat, I'm sure except pork,
would be just according to the country he came from.
All right. So I'm going to have my, I expect my bacon, I think it's made out of the same horse meat that Georgia's tasted.
That was a good day.
In fact, you're happy, you're a quantit. Happy boxing day. See you around.
Now we're getting some good information, and now we're getting a whole bunch of lines on the aborder lit up too, because they're waiting for those goddamn tickets.
See, I told you, man, we got three loaders. That's all right. I don't care. I'm in a great mood.
I'm in a tremendous mood. I feel like I've accomplished something in the end.
Now that you're, I make Jerry Sarner, the employer of the month. He's a good friend.
See, I was just saying this to Georgia. Any other station now at, at IOD, we didn't have these silly kind of like employee of the month.
It's, it's pretty silly. We had that at Paxton because that was like a corporate ass-looking place, which is why Pete Boulders there.
Place for corporate ass-lookers. All right. Didn't I win it once over there for that great book I had in that first book?
Huh? At Paxton, yeah. And you want it once, sure, I think.
Which were embarrassed by.
But it's interesting that in a memo that comes out that it would say, I mean, this is from the general manager with his marginal haircut.
Beyond all of that, all of these things, he is a good friend and a good person.
You follow what I'm saying? In other words, I don't think that would be in a memo from anybody else in like in a real place of business.
He's a good friend. I mean, does that really make a difference? No. Of course not. That's not what we're here for.
You're following what I'm saying. It just, it comes back to that fraternal kind of thing.
These are the people we really like. These are the people we trust. These are the people who like sit around.
We all suck each other's appendages. And all the rest of you, you know, you could learn a lot by this, okay?
But I mean, I just have a philosophy about that. You know, you show up and you go to work every day. Not that you have to start. Right.
We'll rod you, huh?
All right.
I can't take too much butter. It shoots right out my ass.
Read on your monster, baby.
Sensor and I bring up.
Blue me to the can.
I'm a bad guy. I'm a bad guy.
I'm so bad in here.
I'm a bad guy. I'm a bad guy.
I can't take too much butter. I can't take it at all.
My ass burns from all that's rust. And especially sorbet, Paul.
I'm so bad.
I can't take it in a quick shot. I want another one to my dad.
It'll cut us out like he's butter. I guess I can't take it.
I can't take too much butter. It goes through me too fast.
And three times I eat it.
I can't take too much butter.
So I'll throw that three at five, six, if you have so a callus that brought in 600 coffees of four-latter-dale magazine, the spring 1999 issue.
And there's an art.
Huh? The first issue.
What do you mean by that?
Did the debut issue didn't exist?
Well, I got news for it after seeing what's in it.
I wouldn't cut another one.
Do you want to say?
I mean, this is really, really weak.
I don't want to pee on your fridge. You already paid right these people?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, good. Like I said, it sucks.
In fact, Littles, I mean, people don't want to see flat-chested young chicks in here.
Where?
There's naked women in here.
There are? No, there are not.
If I'm not naked in here, even if they were, you still would see like maybe raising that's the best.
Oh, for ages.
Huh?
She's got, I've got bigger breasts than she's got, okay?
But anyway, getting back to what's in this magazine, will you stop?
Cooking to Death by George Rodriguez.
Now, I don't get it.
I mean, what is the, this is supposed to be thebroward version of like Miami Magazine?
Miami Metro, she's right.
Right.
R.T. Farsi with some dark, complexed brawn on the cover.
That's the nicest way I can say it.
In her leopard spot outfit.
But at any rate, so here on page 8, you want to rush right out and buy this.
It's the only Campbell on the cover.
And if you came to Jack Campbell or Glenn.
So page 8, it says, cooking to death by George Rodriguez.
Should I read this?
No.
No.
No.
Come on.
No.
George wrote a little piece.
The check cleared.
They spelled my name right.
Yeah.
How much do they pay for this?
No, how much do they pay for this?
100 bucks.
For this?
For that.
Good.
What, I'm going to turn it down?
No, I didn't say you should turn it down.
But they paid you 100 bucks for this.
For like 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, little paragraphs.
I've progressed a lot.
Now, why did they come to you to write something?
What was that all about?
To get you to talk about it in the air, I'm sure.
Okay, it's a five minutes past noon at 5.60 WDQAM.
Let's take a call in Miami.
Hello.
If you press the button, I just want to get off of that thing.
Now, here's Miami.
Hello.
Deal.
Did you mention the article in today's local section of the annual about Brother Palm?
No, he's going into the...
What if he in the...
Who tried business?
Oh, yeah, he's going to sell cemetery plots.
Nice call, Brother Palm.
Oh!
But he's going to leave the brotherhood because the quote the article,
he says, the subperiers are not in touch with Miami.
Yeah.
And I want to...
And I want to be in touch with each other, not with Miami.
I wonder why he went to New Mexico.
Do you think he was one of those eggs out?
Meaning what?
You know, they sent him out to New Mexico and now he returned.
Oh, he went to New Mexico.
I don't know.
I have no idea.
But I'm sure if you call up the Arts Dimes, they won't tell you.
560, 7.0560, and 560 on the mobile one.
Nobody wants to register for those Marlottickets for opening.
That's a good sign.
We don't want to start getting sucked into that freebie thing again.
Now, what does it say here?
If you don't think the Academy Awards are just a bunch of pseudo-inluxual crap,
look at how many talentless scumbags won.
Oh, that's always the case.
It's kind of like, you know, it's a cluster fork is what it is.
A little fraternity of people sucking on each other's body parts,
like what I told you about goes on here,
with the little inner circle as George calls it.
Here's a lady in Hollywood.
Hello.
Lady in Hollywood.
Going once.
17 minutes and 52 seconds, she waited.
And guess what?
She's gone.
Thank you, sweetheart.
560, 7.0560, 560 on the mobile one line.
Here's the mobile in Miami.
Hello.
New York hot.
Yes, sir.
You know, I know you hate people sucking up to you,
but I've been listening to you for years.
I love your show.
And I've always called, whatever you have to do away,
and I called you other times,
besides when you have to do away.
But you've got to give me anything you always hang up on me.
You think maybe I get the tickets?
560, 7.0560, no sense in breaking our streak now.
And 560 on the mobile one line.
And like I said, we're not, and nobody I'm,
we'll put you on a list.
We'll do a drawing at one o'clock.
Don't you understand?
We're talking to people.
It's a talk show.
That's what we do.
That's why the answer is, sir, is absolutely positively,
be out of shadow of a doubt.
No questions, Ed.
No.
But have a nice day and happy circus.
And don't eat too much of a horse ride.
It's your candle.
Kill you.
Here's hi, Alia.
Hello.
Are you doing new?
Okay, sir.
New God.
Yes, speaking.
Got two desperate kids here.
I have to go to the youth for you.
Have you got some tickets for me?
Well, what did I just say?
What did I just get through saying?
You see how this destroys my life in this show?
You see that?
Can you smoke on his case?
I shouldn't say, can you speak English,
because it was kind of debatable.
Don't you understand what I just said?
Do they understand?
No.
Do they get it?
No.
Are they ever going to get it?
No.
Does he get in the ticket?
No.
Why did I do this?
Do I have any idea?
No.
Because I'm a schmuck.
Because I'm trying to be a nice guy.
Because I thought opening day for,
even if it is just a Marlins, okay?
Even if there's absolutely less than no interest in the Marlins.
Even if Wayne destroyed the whole thing
before he finally peddled it off to Port John Henry.
Even if it's just butchered and destroyed and dying on the vine.
I thought opening day, the tickets are bigger than the other great dull looking ones.
And there's a nice parking pass.
Do something nice for this crowd for a change.
It's the holidays.
It's paysock.
It's daylight savings time.
It's Easter.
It's a nail somebody up on a cross time.
Whatever time this is.
And you can't do it, because they just don't know how to play the game.
Gordon gets South Florida a major blowjob.
I'm the next.
Where in the world is Carmen San Diego?
The kids track down the elusive San Diego to a heroine in Saudi Arabia,
where she has been selling teenage girls to a sultan as sex slaves.
Play along as they follow the erotic clues to Carmen's whereabouts.
We may be public broadcasting, but we know sweeps when we see it.
Okay, it's 1214 and 560 W2M,
I'm Hank Goldberg at Chula State 2, 2 to 530, 537, it's the mad dog.
Yeah!
She managed, and it's 7 o'clock to pregame.
Prath is big, big game.
I know it's a crappy team.
We're playing that's good.
We got two against Washington.
We got one against Montreal.
One against Tampa Bay.
This one against the honors night.
There's four games right there.
You can't take anything for granted,
but there's four games right there that we should damn well win or else.
So we got that 730 tonight.
You know, I was reading over this memo again about Curie Sarner.
I don't want to dwell on this, but I will.
And I find a contradiction here, because it's as varied as several tours of duty here at WQM
as a very devoted employee.
And this part I find bizarre, because it says he truly loves and believes it.
And what WQM is all about.
Remember, he was in here briefly on Monday morning.
And I said to him, how's things going here?
And he said, this station stands for nothing.
So, you know, you figured out who's telling the truth again.
Here's a mobile and Jupiter.
Hello?
Mobile and Jupiter.
Going once.
Okay, they're going in gone.
That was good.
Like that.
Kind of like, like that.
Here's a mobile in the cutlery, and cello.
Me, oh God!
Yes, sir.
Do you know if I've had doctors who slipped the wrong embryo into a woman's womb?
No.
Into a womb?
Into a uterus.
Remember that song by the beach boys in my womb?
I thought that'd just only happen in the soap opera, but yeah.
No.
From page of the Herald today.
Oh, I didn't see that.
Oh, yeah, I did see it.
Yeah, there were twins and one was white, one was black, and that's fine.
Right.
Because the doctor messed up and flipped the next rambriot.
Okay, I got news for a sir.
Doctors.
And the whole thing with doctors, man, I just can't deal with it.
If a doctor's going to be a doctor, then they owe it to you to do the right thing.
And to be a little more thorough than one of these so-called doctors.
Remember when Dr. Rick Bauer found out that Kevin wasn't his kid?
Right.
And imagine how that couple felt, because they...
That's right, exactly.
Incredible.
And then Ross bailed out anyway all together, you know?
Yep.
And now she's hanging out with Ben.
Another has been.
Who's pretty soon going to be shacked up with what's her name?
The one lady mafia, Puerto Rican lady, they're in the Springfield.
With his auntos?
What a show.
Can you show me the lipneil?
Okay, hold on.
Here's the guy to watch his guiding lights.
So I'm putting him on a list of key.
He can't be all bad.
And you notice the great recovery that Matt made on guiding lights from Monday to yesterday?
Wow.
That's an answer.
She must be the healing lady.
He was out there.
He had frostbite.
His head was like all the...
He doesn't even have a scar left on his purse anymore.
He was like an inch away from death.
She put him under the covers.
She hopped in the sack with him and got him a little bit warm, however she did it.
And now all of a sudden he looks like Brandon, which ain't all that good, but nevertheless.
That's the way to do it.
The van is there.
Okay, the QAM van, getting there a little early, a little premature evaluation.
Greg reads nephew, Chris Reed, who is one of the few really salted there.
How come Chris Reed don't get the...
Oh, he did get it, didn't he?
He took the pin, I think.
Didn't he get the award one?
Did he employ the month, Chris?
A couple of months ago, I think.
Because he knew we would take the pin.
Because if he didn't take...
No, if he took the 200 bucks, he'd be out on all his dinners.
Meet the nephew, Chris Reed, with the QAM van today, between right now and 130 at the Shell Gan Station,
US1 and Southwise 27th Avenue in Copenhagen Grove.
Just look for the QAM van, which we believe in strongly here, the QAM van, away.
We're not so sure about the station, we believe in the van.
We see free tickets while I'm here to go by.
They've got free tickets for you.
Just X. For the Marlins Metz game on Tuesday, April 6th, courtesy of H&R Block,
we'll be filing taxes for free at the stadium by the way, in that day.
Or get free tickets to the 8 County Fair and X-POL from the nephew, between now and 130.
Go out there and they'll get a bunch of free stuff.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello?
Mobile in Miami.
Okay, these people are patient today.
5670, 5650, 0.560 on a mobile one line.
Mobile in four-loader deal. Hello?
I'll go nail.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
First of all, you couldn't give me Marlins tickets if you paid me that.
Yeah, this looks pretty bad for John Henry.
I don't want them to feel bad, but I got just a couple of lines.
We're trying to give away opening date tickets with a preferred parking pass
and you and a couple of other people around here, and that's it.
Yeah.
They were doing better than before we gave away these tickets.
I was doing better than that.
Right here on the first day of Paceoff had sundown.
I was doing better than give it away Marlins tickets.
It's not a good omen.
Yeah, I got a couple of things for you.
I know you've been talking about your phone system, and it's not QAM.
I hate to tell you it's Bell South.
What's on your face?
I think so.
Bell South sucks. I keep telling you that.
I've been fighting this for years.
You know what?
I've been trying to get faster internet service hooked up and they're my provider.
And the right hand doesn't know what the left hand is always doing.
That's right.
Because you have one hand is up there.
Breakfast.
Yeah, that's it.
But anyway, I love your show. Have a great day.
And thank you so much.
And happy boxing day.
Yeah.
Okay. Happy Sukas.
Happy Shivuas.
Don't eat too much parsley.
Don't dip your thing in that salty water.
Because it'll shrivel up.
That if mine shrivel up, I mean, that would be the end.
Go on, inverted.
Open line on the board.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on a mobile.
This is a real revelation to me.
Maybe the shiuras, maybe we chased them all away.
Maybe we chased them.
You never chased them away.
They'll be like saying we chased the chronics.
The cornice is away.
How the cornice is doing, by the way.
Are they okay?
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Yes, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing today, sir?
Great.
I just want you to know.
I enjoy listening to you over here.
I drive around here doing my job.
Yeah, I'm on.
Hey, um, what do you think?
I also rely on with the Marlins tickets.
We're giving away some free pot, too, by the way.
Hey, no problem, buddy.
Hey, I just want you to know that the Marlins all feel there is going to be up for grabs.
If the flora don't get back in about four weeks.
Fluff Floyd.
Ah, he's out with injury, you know.
Oh, jeez.
I thought he's the only guy that ain't got any one of them.
He's side to leave on.
Yeah, he got injured near.
I think he needed it.
No wonder nobody wants to go back.
I guess you don't want to go see that crap, huh?
I'm a big Marlins fund.
I still like him any help, bro.
You want to be on the list, bro?
Yeah, I appreciate it.
Okay, sure.
I'll bro, hang on.
Okay, put that spot bro on to your list.
Okay, at least we're making a little bit of a list, okay?
I mean, you got to have some names on the list to do a drawing.
I mean, you don't want him saying?
They don't want it.
I don't want you to feel bad, John Henry,
because I know you're listening to the station religiously 24 hours a day,
even in your sleep.
Here's a guy that says, wow, I don't want to say it.
I don't want to say it.
Just one of those things, you know?
But if you're on this show, Mr., you can take it to the bank.
It'll probably bounce, but you can take it to the bank.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
New guy.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, sir?
Great.
Love your show?
Of course.
Enjoy it.
One thing I've already talked about the heat today.
What's going on?
567-0560.
Count 560 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Kindle.
Hello?
Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
OK.
Forty-year-old guy recently diagnosed a Type 2 diabetic.
Yes.
The way I found out was...
Were you fat?
No.
Five foot seven, 160 pounds.
Fat.
I had an...
I had an heart attack.
Yeah.
Stress-related.
And...
Stress-oculidable.
I've taken it this place.
Wow.
Yeah, then I had bypassed.
Right on my teeth.
As I was leaving the hospital, they said, you're diabetic.
And apparently most guys...
Well, 5760 pounds is not underweight.
That's the overweight.
Well, maybe by 10 pounds.
No, no.
Listen, I'm 59 and my ideal weight should be 150 to 160.
So you're like, many pounds overweight.
Well, they tell me about 150.
No.
Really?
So where should I be?
Well, I don't know.
Maybe in the hospital.
I don't know.
My main question, I guess, is I'm doing everything I can.
And probably not enough at all to keep the sugar down.
What are you doing to get 70-some odd numbers?
73 this morning, by the way.
Blood surgery has 73 this morning, boys and girls.
Oh!
Completely cut out, carbs?
Yes.
Well, no, of course not.
You can.
I mean, you can.
But I had some...
What I have some of this...
Broccoli, all rotten.
You know, you get in the freezer bag.
I had a little bit.
All right.
I had a little pickle, a little pickle.
All right.
But I come most of it out.
Maybe a nice small salad.
Very small.
All what?
A real low carb dressing I was talking about the other day?
Right.
Are you taking any gliburite or anything at night?
Not anymore.
Hmm.
I was for a long time.
I was taking too much.
Really?
Is that what was nothing you have to gliburize?
No, I'm just telling you.
It's not good for us.
I'm not intended to take that for the rest of your life,
unless you have to.
If you can bring your sugar down by dietary,
that's the way you want to do it.
You don't want to be taking pills the rest of your life.
Is there some kind of natural supplement you're doing or just the...
No.
Just cut the carbs down.
Just cut the carbs.
It's the icons, man.
It cuts it gets your blood sugar down like it's a miracle.
Well, I shall try and follow the animal.
What is your sugar?
You take your own sugar now?
Yeah, my morning sugar is like 104.
So what's wrong with that?
Well, sometimes it's 130.
It all depends on the day.
What's wrong with 130?
Well, you're taking a gline-acid or one...
I'm gliburite at night.
Right.
Yeah, that's it.
Well, then you're doing pretty good.
But I mean, if you want to get rid of the pills,
just try what I'm telling you.
Cut those carbs away down and see how it works.
I'll do it.
Good luck, pal.
Thanks, though.
Yeah.
Okay, see, there's a guy who's like in charge.
You got to take charge because, like I said,
see the idea of lick and a schmere medicine,
I'm not in favor of that.
You know what I mean by that?
Give a lick and a schmere.
Give a superficial.
We look at you.
Oh, here's what we think.
Go take some blood.
Okay, next.
Next.
That's not my idea of medical care.
I'm very sorry.
Oh, I'm not sorry.
Because it's our lives we're talking about here.
I was watching something this morning on TV.
They had some PSA on there about get a screen test for this.
Whatever it was.
And I'm thinking to myself, when do you do that?
Why don't we, you know, what they call a physical exam,
a complete physical exam as a doctor?
You know what that is?
You go once a year, the UP and a cup.
They take your blood.
They stick their finger in your neck.
Correct them.
And that's it.
They've listened to your heart for 10 seconds.
That's it.
You know, after you get to a certain age,
why isn't it once a year that you go like take a whole day?
Take a day off from work.
It should be an excuse day from work for your health.
That makes sense to me.
Makes more sense than eating maca.
You take a day off or like putting ashes on your head
on ass Wednesday.
It makes sense.
That's what I'm doing on Friday.
I'm doing it for my health, God damn it.
And you go and you spend the whole day.
And they take, you know, they give the colorectal test
and they check you for your urine.
All the stuff, all of these things.
Instead of this kind of hitting misdeal, you know?
And then they really give you the athero going over
is supposed to like, you know, five minutes.
I'll guarantee you I bet you almost everybody in this audience
would agree with me.
When you go to the doctor, most of you will wait longer
in the waiting room than the time you'll spend with the doctor.
And I'm not talking about the time you spend sitting in the room
when the nurse goes in there and asks you a bunch of little questions
and she takes your blood pressure and he'll be right with you.
I'm not talking about that time.
I'm talking about the amount of time that he actually spends with you.
I promise you you'll spend a hell of a lot more time sitting in the waiting room
with a bunch of 200-year-old dying people
than you will in with the doctor.
And that's pathetic.
Look at a Schmir medicine.
That's what medical care in America is all about.
And that's why we're dying over here.
Right, from fat and all these other things.
What am I getting worked up about?
It's just the truth.
What I just said, man, it's right on target.
Here's a mobile. Hello?
Neal.
Mobile in summer. Yes, sir.
How are you today, Dan?
Great.
Listen, you talk about waiting for a doctor's appointment.
I went to a dental office in the Baptist hospital to get a rupee now.
Yeah.
And it takes several visits.
On one visit, they made me wait an hour.
On another one, they made me wait half an hour.
On my third visit, the appointment was at seven o'clock in the morning.
I get there at seven-ten because parking is a nightmare.
They cancel the appointment.
They say they can't see me.
Based on what?
Well, why is that?
Well, because they assume it would take so much time to do the work on me.
So I was late ten minutes.
I would set them off their schedule.
So I'm like, well, wait a minute.
You've made me wait before.
How come now? You can't work?
Oh, no. Don't work that way, man.
Is it called Kid for Tat or something like that?
And you can't...
What I ended up doing was refusing to pay my coal payment.
Right.
I said, well, if you make me wait, I'm not going to pay it.
It's $3.
So they just laughed at me.
That no problem.
They couldn't care less.
Anyway, the last thing I want to ask you about.
You know when these sportsmen have to call in and say,
you know, a long time listener, first time caller.
Yeah.
Why would they ask a question and then say,
I'm going to hang up and listen instead of interacting with the host.
Because they can't interact.
Unbelievable.
I mean, that's what I enjoy about your show.
You interact with some people.
Some people are idiots.
Some are funny.
Right.
But I always wonder what's the big deal about hanging up with the show?
Because they're not capable of the fine-out of verbal intercourse.
They're not capable of doing it.
Well, you're doing a great job, New York.
Yes, I am.
And God bless you, sir.
And don't go to that place.
Hold on.
Hold on.
And don't go to that place again.
Okay.
That was the place where I had mono years ago.
And they had all the schmutz hanging up coming out of the vents right above my hospital bed.
I don't want to mention Baptist Hospital.
Oh, it's been good all these people crazy.
I'm just telling them exactly the way it is.
Okay.
If there's a penalty for telling the truth, then I'm a bad guy.
But that's the way it was.
And that's the way it is.
And until my chiropractor came in and told them to do the mono spot test,
they didn't bother checking for that.
Oh, you got some kind of liver disease.
Yeah, right.
How many years ago was that?
About 200 years ago?
You know, medical care, that term in America, that's a, that's a oxymoron.
American medical care, that's an oxymoron.
Oh, man, what's up with you?
You got the most vocal tonight.
Unmuttering normal.
They were the pioneers of a lifestyle that to this day is enjoyed in men's rooms everywhere.
I think it was back in 22, me and a boy's drilled a fire stall in World War.
They were hand drilled back then.
Take a deep into the secret society of men who first developed the glory hole to today's high tech adventurer.
I'm told that now they're using lasers for speech.
Murder in murals.
Glory holes.
Tonight are the historical channels.
Oh, speaking of, oh, see the story chief blast video mistake about that.
I was telling you this morning about in lighthouse point where they brought in that videotape.
Some, some clown brought it into the station.
A pornographic video was brought to the police station by police detective who thought it would be cute to say I tell his police buddies with the training tape and it turned out to be a B.C.
Allen tape of a woman having sex with a dog.
Well, anyway, it goes on and on about how accidentally it was put into a tape, put the tape into a video cassette recorder at the February 13th session of voting monthly voting safety class and was seen by a bunch of kids.
A little bit of it, little piece about that big.
And this story goes on detective Rick Anderson who got the tape from an officer, another law enforcement agency received 12 days suspension officer Jeffrey Praigo, who shares the desk with the two other officers of suspended for six days of the other officers who watched the tape commander Michael.
Oh, Michael was suspended for five days and detective Alan Nester for three days.
And it goes on to say commander because of his position should have assumed the responsibility is punishment will be more severe than answers because of his position which may have been prone.
Commander, do it again.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line.
And if you're not there with a QAM van at the shell station, you went to the west one in southwest 27th Avenue, three tickets for the Marlins and Mets to the April 6th and three tickets to the county fair and exposition.
And we're not doing too good with these Marlins tickets for opening day and the parking pass.
This comes what do I tell you every time we have one of those exhibition games on I say is there any interest?
No, none.
And there isn't.
5 6 7 0 5 60 you want to get on that list?
Thank you.
And 5 5 60 on the mobile one line.
They don't care.
You got only what two people on a list?
Three.
So short list then.
Here's a mobile and coke on a creek.
Hello.
How are you doing, sir?
Great.
Listen, long time list your first time call.
I don't call because I don't want to sound like most of the cities they call up to say in general.
But before I go into doors, Mark, I got to do some shopping.
I'm calling to get my name on the list, get some tickets for my wife's cousin.
He loves the Marlins and he's a great player himself.
And you're doing a great job.
Love you, show.
You've been a nice who does listen to you show and doesn't admit it.
And you are bringing amazing insight into the area here.
So keep up the good work.
Hold on.
Hold on.
You didn't have anything but hold on.
I must be in a really good mood.
Maybe because it's pay soft, okay?
Yeah, that did that there.
Yeah, enough of the sucking but put them on the list.
Open line in somewhere, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the mobile line line.
It's ringing a lot today.
I would see that.
They find the Gotterbond is starting to get this thing fixed maybe.
We're starting to make some recovery in here.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Mobile in Miami.
Going once.
They're long gone.
Okay.
Had a lot of those today.
Here's the Gables.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, hi.
You're doing.
It's a.
Hi, you've been.
Okay, I'm in Carl Gables.
We'll be on the other day.
I'll be answering them.
First time, second time, Neil.
The Vopt Catholic.
Long time, Neili.
Yes, sir.
The Vopt Catholic.
Yes.
Kind of a contradiction.
But anyway, you got me interested in those opening day tickets too.
Yeah.
I also looked forward to my days off so I can listen to you.
That's all.
Well, what do now I get you interested in?
What does that mean?
I'd like to go or at least be on the list.
No.
Okay, 5.670560, 0560 on the mobile one line.
He didn't sound sincere, you know.
He sounded instantiard to me.
And especially you don't want to be going as close to Easter Sunday.
I mean, it's Monday.
Oh, yeah, today after Easter Sunday, you don't want to be doing that if you're devout.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
What's the biggest smoke job going on in Miami right now?
Probably down at nicks.
No, the biggest smoke job is the penny tax.
It's what that means.
I haven't got any idea.
I don't even know what you're talking about.
They're raising the tax on Miami.
They call it the penny tax.
Penny tax or what?
Well, they can do it on Miami's circle so they can all do a circle job.
No.
They can't find a circle over there.
I don't know anything about it.
Hey, Neil, the thing is they don't tell you what it means that from 6.5%
sales tax, it's up to 7.5%.
Well, that's why I live in Broward.
Well, and what that means for Broward, which I live in Broward, is it's probably going to go up one percent to...
to 7%.
That means that...
I thought you just said it was in Miami.
Well, well, if it's 7.5% in date, they won't keep it at 6% in Broward because everybody else is going to bother them by then.
And that means that your Corvette is going to cost you an extra $500.
No, it's not.
An extra one percent.
How about you bought it?
Well, next time.
You'll be on next time.
I'm not an ass-fucker or whatever, but can I get in the list?
Yes.
He's answering his own questions.
Well, I'm doing your review.
I mean, you talk about ass-fucker.
I mean, that was embarrassing.
I mean, these tickets that they worth that much to, that you would...
I guess the answer is obvious.
Okay, hold on.
I feel sorry for you, but hold on.
Thank you.
Okay, boy.
I mean, was there any logic in what he just said?
No.
I mean, you know, if the neighboring county wants to jack up a penny, would you not have ever written anything about it?
Because that...
What cares about stuff like that?
Especially in date, you know?
You pour back things to live in date.
I feel sorry for you.
But I mean, it would just make sense, then, Broward, we'll keep it the way it is.
Hey, come on up and shop here.
Say, you know, a penny on...
Like people are...
I mean, you spend 20 bucks on gas and tools and stuff, but come on down.
We've got plenty of people up here in Broward.
Don't speak English.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60, on a mobile one line.
Our list is growing.
I'm never doing this again, by the way.
You're right.
I'm right.
You're right.
What?
What are you getting all about?
You're not well today.
You really are.
I don't know what it was.
I'm really hungry.
Well, two back.
I'm going to mommy's today.
I'm not eating.
I'm not eating.
You know what?
The moral.
The moral.
The moral.
I got some to look forward to.
I'm coming for that maca pecan maca lasagna, which is not on the acumen, but it's...
The novel...
Last time I had that, it didn't very little of my blood sugar.
I don't know what that is.
Maybe it's the leavening of the bread.
That is the bad stuff.
Where am I going?
Here's a mobile implantation.
Hello?
Mobile implantation?
Yes, sir.
No, hello.
Are you in Naples?
I put my finger on the wrong button.
I'm having a little problem today.
Yeah.
Mental problem.
Leavening in Naples.
Boy!
The bad...
The bad atheist.
Yes.
Got to go to a satire tonight with 10 people.
Are you going to be wearing a schmata on your head?
No.
Oh, good.
Drinking very heavily.
Just to prepare for...
Excellent.
I mean, this is just like...
Silla.
Just a bunch of silly stuff, yeah.
Silly stuff, api-coma and all this stuff.
It's...
It's...
It's...
It's a crap.
Okay, well listen, have a good time.
21-1-1 and happy circus.
21-1-1 and 560 WQM.
Holy mackenon!
This is Joe Boyle on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs, and you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neal God!
If you're a state theater watch the premises, you know that the forces blowing the strings in the government are closing down on all those great websites we've become a cousin to.
Well, we still have the US Postal Service to rely on.
So now is the time to join the Nazi of the month club.
For just 8-9-9 a month, you get the complete history of one prominent Nazi pastor, President, the particular group he hates,
and any subversive activity they may be planning.
So no matter what the rights, religion, or ethnic group you hate, Nazi of the month is right up your alley.
Just call from 800 TNT order.
Order today and get your very own synthetic 8-0 mustache to impress your friends.
Absolutely free.
That's 1-800 TNT order today.
You know, we can give away a date with Josh Friedman and have more interest than we're getting on these Marlon tickets.
I mean, not that I have any problem with that.
We've got plenty of people on the phone, but I just don't see too much interest.
Anybody want the Marlon stuff?
I will not give it to you.
How are we doing out there with an FU, by the way?
We hear anything from them and they must be busy.
Out of the shell station, US 1 and Southwest 27th F.
They must be busy.
They got three date county fair tickets.
And Marlon tickets to Marlon's and Metz for our next two
days of sixth courtesy of H&R Block will be filing
and filling out taxes for free at the stadium on that day.
Great facts, by the way.
Once in a while we get a good facts.
Once around me and often we get crappy facts.
It's really dumb.
But here's a really good facts.
Mike says, the medical care in the US is the lowest quality
in the entire first world.
Anyone who's been to Europe knows how pathetic our doctors
and hospitals are here.
While I was touring Europe last year, a friend of mine
fainted in Austria.
Oi!
She was taken to the hospital, given overnight care,
an MRI, a doctor's exam, and a prescription.
When she was released, I naturally took out my checkbook
and the nurse said it was unnecessary.
And we could just walk out and enjoy the rest of our vacation.
I've given up hope I'm trying to find a decent doctor here,
says Mike.
The one I have is a joke.
I've seen him less than JD Salinger.
He says, I just have to monitor my health
on my own and try my best, says Mike.
Great facts, Mike.
We got Likinish Mirror Medicine down here in South Florida.
That's the way most of them practice.
Likinish Mirror.
You're in, you're out.
Here, take this slip down there to the lab
and let them poke your arm around
and get a big black and blue mark on it, the size of Venus,
the size of Uranus, Christchurch getting swamped.
Good, there you go.
We got some people listed out there.
How do you like that?
Okay, maybe we're not like the best like people
in this building, okay?
And maybe we don't want to be schmoozing around,
hanging around with the boss.
When I came to work here, was it written in my contract
that I got to be a personal friend with a boss?
No.
No, that got to be an ass flicker.
No.
I got to be part of some little fraternity
of people most of whom I don't even like in there.
No.
Down the hall, which I don't want to mention,
no names like the Water Nazi.
She hates me, I hate her, okay?
It's mutual, I don't hate her.
I just don't want to see her.
Okay.
Great, there you go.
I can't make any more water, brick.
Yeah.
There is no water now.
I mean, you know, that's fine.
It can hang around and schmoozing like grab us.
We don't care.
We're here to do a job.
We got 50 billion people listed out there, okay?
When Neil's on a radio, everybody in town knows what he had
for breakfast today before,
and I didn't even eat breakfast.
How do you like that?
Nice going, if you see what I tell you, Chris Reed,
there's a, how he got involved in that family,
I have no idea, because he's a good guy.
I mean, not that Craig, Greg is not,
like I said, I said it right on target.
He's not a bad guy.
He's just what he is.
You know, I got what a bad haircut.
Who can't get a cut like why somebody expensive,
because you don't get that much on a low-end state, you know?
He can't go, well, no, he can't go to like, you know,
real hairy, you know what I'm talking,
so like 20 bucks for real good haircut, minimum.
And tip.
That's why Rimmer don't get his hairs cut.
All three of them.
You don't wanna leave all, and speaking of that,
wait till I tell you this.
So why I gotta be careful how I do this,
till I'm sure I got my tickets for the hockey game.
I'm just leaving this game into Panthers,
a week from Saturday in Toronto,
at the New Air Canada Center, I'm not gonna say it.
I wait till I get back from it.
About how cheap he really is.
You know, I mean, he did buy dinner, you know,
you remember, you know, the moths flew out of the wallet
and Ruth's Chris, he must have been pretty expensive.
He wouldn't let me see the check though.
I think it really said on the check
it's with our compliments, have a nice life, Mr. Rimmer.
Probably set it up ahead of time,
because they brought him to check,
which they never do that.
Never do that.
So it was all set up ahead of time.
But he's getting me tickets
so I can go see the Maple Leafs and the Panthers
in the Air Canada Center, a week from Saturday.
It'll be a big game for both teams, by the way.
I'll be going, go leave, go, that's what I'll be going.
Unless the course police are already locked up
but if we're playoff, slot they're gonna be in
and the Panthers need it for you to get in.
Then I might also be going, go leave,
I'll still be doing that.
I don't route against the leaves.
So Rimmer says to me on the phone last night,
he says, well, we'll have to meet the downtown,
we'll have to go to the pickle barrel,
which is a, it's a deli, it's not all that great.
It's just, I don't know, when you do
we should go to the pickle barrel in Toronto.
We'll have to meet there for lunch.
I said, hey, that sounds like a guy.
He says, who's buying, first thing he says, who's buying?
And I kind of like sniggered at his comment.
He said, oh, well, I'm all set for two years now.
Are you following what we're saying?
In other words, that was the me of the one
he bought the other night in Ruth Chris.
That was his, that was the one for two years.
Now, I don't wanna play Butch Bloss with Rimmer, you know?
But if he wants to play a fast nose with my pocket,
book with my money, even if it's only Canadian currency,
which ain't worth a crap, I'll have to be start showing
this thing, this brochure he made up about a certain
somebody who used to play hockey, huh?
You see that?
I don't wanna describe it too graphically on the ear
because he doesn't have to work with the guy
and make a living, you know?
But boy, oh, man, how, what would he say?
If I started passing that damn thing around
and people saw that Rimmer was gonna make that up.
I feel really, really, really, fucking...
Well, watch it, Rimmer, okay, I think you're buying.
I'm gonna have everything on a menu and then some.
That's a pickle girl.
Here's a, what is it?
Oh, a van reporting to grow, hello?
Hey, Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
Well, a couple things, first of all, you know,
I don't know, you always make comments
about your sales department or lack thereof.
And I should...
I hope that they have something in the van,
besides baseball tickets and granted,
there's a million people that want to see the models game.
But I wouldn't put the baseball tickets on my snake cage.
I just, I have no interest.
I wanna get some Neil paraphernalia.
Like what?
Well, anything, I don't know what, you know,
if I was your sales, I used to do promotions
for concerts and shows that I used to do.
I could make a million off of promoting you
and selling t-shirts and buttons and things.
These people are serious.
These people are serious and buttons, are you?
I don't even think that's what the reality is.
This is the Beasley Read People, sir.
This is A.M.
We don't do a buttons and t-shirts.
They're part of the...
They can end up...
Next, you're gonna be saying bumper stickers.
Wow.
I know it's bloody revolutionary.
And I know this has been a problem over the years
with your sales halls, et cetera.
But that's not a sales-hole thing.
That has to do with the management.
With our promotions, people with our promotions budget.
With the cheap management, with the way that they run this place,
they give us no promotion none.
And of course, they wear you down,
just like I'm supposed to be getting this outside promotion billboards and TV,
which is in my contract.
But I just gave up on that,
because I saw what they did last year,
which did me more harm than good.
And made us all look like a bunch of fools.
So I figured, okay, let them save the money.
Maybe they'll go out and buy some bumper stickers.
Stuff you're talking about.
Are they doing it?
No.
Well, they got it.
They went out and bought, I think, about eight t-shirts.
And they buried them in some of these room closets somewhere for a rainy day.
That's my first complaint.
You should give them a whole bunch of dresses and pumps
and a big sashes as mismanagement.
Right.
Anyway, the second one.
Oh, they're a Sam R. Promotions, man.
I sure hope he's here.
And what'd you say?
Deesh bag.
On how they would like to have some paraphernalia out there when they go to the van,
which we know how to promote this radio station, which we don't have.
I'd spend money on a t-shirt this second.
I was saying, I'm out of my mind.
Sam's got a promotional budget, but Sam uses the budget
to wind and dine young ladies if they box up there in the arena so we can get laid a few times away.
Right.
You don't mind that.
That's okay.
But cheer a little bit.
Not I mean, the young ladies do.
They share their promotional budget.
Just a few.
Yeah, George wants him to share.
Another complaint was.
Hear that, Crystal?
Go ahead, sir.
The other complaint was the driver of the van.
Yeah.
You know, he pulled up in the van and I walked through the first ride of the van.
And the windows weren't open, right?
Yeah.
I mean, it didn't look like there was anything going on.
So then he finally, it was like I was doing a drug deal.
I can more of a driver if I would.
I was looking some good stuff in the van.
What do you expect?
No, I would have known.
The station is here in Little Jamaica.
We have some good contacts here.
You think Chris is driving the Q&A van around town without getting a little mellow?
He didn't have it up to the door.
He's not here.
You're grabbing all of everything they can get inside.
He's got a mellow out a little bit before he starts getting into that thing.
He's got the personality of a smooth flat rock.
Who, Chris?
The guy driving the van.
Because he's Craig Readon.
No, you don't blame him for that.
He can't help but to his jeans.
Well, he can't help but that he's a boring guy.
He's a good guy.
I've said hello.
I've said, you know, I've called the show for years and gave him a shake.
Listen, I'm on the other side of the van.
The only reason that he's doing this is because Sam, listen,
Sam, the promotions guy is sitting on his ass in a majority.
Right now, as I speak, he sends Chris around like a, like an underling.
He, you know, here, go here, go here to go there and do this.
And Sam said, oh, look at this.
We're doing all this great stuff.
While Sam is sitting here on his ass, waiting for phone calls from these young
good boys, we're waiting to find out which game they're going to go to.
And what guy box they're going to be in and whose box is going to be, you know,
whatever's going on, you know, well,
slip it off and drag queen out your, your sales hold and your promotions
directors who they're idiots.
Okay.
Thanks.
Thanks for the bullet.
No, okay.
There's a guy who went down to the van and he's pissed off.
How do you like that?
We got a mob scene down there.
That's good to hear.
It's nice to know somebody out there is listening even on pay soft.
We got a few going out there.
See, even a Graham Arseneur is all these stereotypes about us,
Jews being cheap.
I got news, man.
We're not even the same league with the French Canadians and some of those other
Canadians too as much as I like my Anglo file Canadians.
Well, you guys, mostly a pretty damn tight.
Hey, I know that that Canadian money that looney and tuning it worth too much.
But Jesus, that's only recently even bagging.
I can remember I'm old enough to remember when the Canadian dollar was worth more,
quite a bit more than the American dollar.
How do you like that?
That's old.
So what does that be just accomplished there?
Huh?
See, instead of all this schmoozing and all this posturing and all of this
baloney and at least silly awards and all this ass sucking and Gary Sarn is a
wonderful guy.
And this one is great and we hate you.
You're a bagger.
How about getting down a business?
Give us some stuff to really go out there.
We could do a 20-year, okay?
Here's a radio station with no competition, baby.
I would wish the competition we got in this town on Hitler.
Right.
God, Danette.
And I still say if you want Lincolnish Miriam Medical treatment, I can tell you where to go.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Love the show.
I want to ask, do you think the Panthers met a mistake when they got burry?
Now what kind of a thing?
They made a mistake when they got him?
Yeah, he's been angry.
The number of them had a crystal ball and they didn't even play every game last year.
He played every game.
He didn't miss one game last season.
For me, this should be the same thing that happened with the Marlins when they got
Sheffield.
It could be a similar thing.
It could be Injured.
What if he had to do with Gary Sheffield?
No, I'm saying it could be a similar thing that he gets injured every year when he gets
here.
Let me show you.
Let me show you again.
You're listening to me.
He played every game for Vancouver last year.
He's the most exciting player in any sport in the world, okay?
And anybody that would call up a show and seriously say that we make a mistake in getting
Tom Elbowry.
There's a classic example right there of why the sports calls on this radio station are
so goddamn bad.
Not all of them, just most of them.
What these people in this town know about sports, not just hockey, you pick this sport, whether
it's nose picking, flip ball, skinny dip, and whatever sport you want to pick up, you
could stick it in a thimble and have room for the guy named Soviet Army left over.
And they're ain't no Soviet anymore.
How do you like that?
That's right.
Yeah, we made a bad mistake.
We should have probably got somebody really good like, you know, I can't even think of
anybody that you would understand.
Like, you should have brought Joe Serella back to play defense.
There you go.
Let's hear it again.
Come on, let's hear that Gary Glitter thing.
I'm so goddamn wound up with these people in this town.
Here we go.
Let's hear it again.
That's all I know.
Free t-shirt, free stuff, drop in, prevent little blood, push somebody over the edge
of the balcony, get to that thing, get to that free chop key.
Here we go, freebies, baby.
Come on.
Let's get a whipped up and we're frenzy for freebies.
This is my favorite.
Give me Kyle, just a sec.
Look at those sour nose.
Oh, God is this pathetic.
This right here is what's wrong with America.
Who's British?
Or do they see the Brit that get the moans again this night?
Hey, baby.
Why?
Now.
Let's hear it.
Come on, here we go.
It's the van to two hours.
Hi, V.
Hi.
Hi.
Hi.
Hi.
Hi.
Hi.
Hi.
Hi.
Hi.
Hi.
Hi.
Hi.
Hi, vor discard.
Hi, the vagrant driver.
Hi, chauao.
Hi, daddy.
Hi, mama.
but
one or three at five sixty wqa m
so we're going to do the drawing here in a second for the marlin opening date my personal tickets with my park in pass
very nice of you niel thank you you're welcome
and also the q amp and is gone a spectacular turnout over there they wanted the free stuff they showed up there were seventy five million people there
and backed up all the way to Jacksonville so the nephew took off after gave away everything we had to give away which ain't much even city of lily porkers
they love me hey special low to all our friends out there they love this show all the porkers the good ones
what?
as york says yeah both of them that was nice you know i said this show i know when you stop when you were a god
you're just tense you need you need that to mouth guard but you're not sure in mind i'll tell you that
q amp invite you to join Hank Goldberg and fellow celebrity sports casters at the junior achievement celebrity
invotational golf tournament Thursday apel athad derrell and you know how much i love golf i won't be there
but you ought to be junior achievement helps our young people value education understand business and economics and be workforce ready
you can purchase a for some or a single entry to play Thursday apel athad derrell for more information call 305-5-3-4-13-88
5-3-4-13-8 that's the next Thursday
okay great we're working on all kinds of stuff here here's the drawing this is the come on sit up there where you
here's the worst drawing ever had my luck there's only five slips in here huh how do you like that
even an Andrew Kinnan in the bedroom they found more slips than that
so what about how do i do this and it's very hard to pick one out of i'm just pushing them around at the bottom of this
your own on pace off by the way
picking out a number here it is all i do is tell me by the way that you ladies out there he has the same old crap
i've always told you the way it is free loading ladies that's what we have this audience they won't talk to me
but eight million people go can i have a look i'd be able to for tickets
and of course if they don't want to speak to me the answer is no or just click number three trace
albedo al a see it's a setup i'm looking these slips they're all number three no they're not
alberto you want to take it i remember who the hell i was
so alberto doesn't think it's not like a cracker but he was a stick
we don't care we don't check ethnic background penis size breast size fingernail shoe size
we're I'm delighted that alberto and his buddy or buddies or whoever's going to be there with him
boyfriend girlfriend wife all of you about kids to be enjoying opening day come on let's go out to the ballgame
let's support the marlin's okay take me and where's the regular season schedule by the way
did anybody ever tell us is that thing ironed out yet do we really know for sure
no that we're carrying the marlin games i have a feet i don't know
did anybody bother telling us about the regular season no it's very jackass giving us any heads up on that
thumbs up is that no five to see now we're done like you know if you call us now that we give the tickets away
five and i would go back to doing a real show five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t wireless line
here's a mobile in Miami hello mobile in Miami is gone after waiting 38 minutes because they wanted to be on a list
jackass here's a plantation hello plantation there's another one see you better we check these because they're not waiting for me
now these aren't people I want to talk to me these are all morons are weighted some for like 36 minutes
they're going to get free tickets the second they give the tickets away they're gone thank you guys thank you so very much
for sending your very best not here's a lady in North Miami Beach hello hey nail how you doing today great
I here's a lady that actually wants to speak to me maybe there you go now I have a question what exactly does kosher mean
when it you know what how is that food difference from the rest of the that means that the rabbi blessed it he took it
like a big slab of meat he took the meat in my roof and I'm not and it's okay now your kosher next what happens
if a non-Jewish some of it no then you become Jewish uh-oh then you start waking up three in the morning with a Jones in for Delhi
waiting for a Prostromi sandwich to come to your place you know if the full taste so bad you think that they would make the packaging you know more interesting you know brighter colors
well what what tastes so bad well you know we say about you know what how the cracker bread or whatever they have
oh Mata yeah what it's all that stuff tastes so bad no they don't have to be you don't understand they don't have to make the packages look better
because it's a guaranteed sell you see what I'm saying oh yeah no sense in them wasting money on fancy packages because all of these sheep out there are running to buy their
manners have its monsters or whatever branded and they they don't have a choice you know for whatever reason that they feel the compel to do the silly stuff year after year they just keep doing it
right right well you know I'm kind of pissed that you have this drawing for the tickets ready because I'm the only woman who is who is you know asked
that we actually well better luck next time sweetheart and besides why it would have been funny for me to go to this because I was the girl that was on the front page
of the Harold one they won the series I sent George the picture yeah well so in other words you already been there so I have a nice thing there you go that's good
thank you sweetheart or goodbye five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T wireless line I don't go to funeral by the way Corey I just thought I would mention that
I don't want you to feel bad about that I don't feel bad I just don't go to fear I don't do funerals it's very depressing I work here so I don't need to be depressed what what do you say
what you got to take I told him to go on any day why are you guys so let's push these they just take the sky say we share with everybody we share our water we
share our scotch tape that's it by the way do I score anything and our food we like to feed the troops water these you're right they are really terrified these
bastards I mean he's a good guy he looks pretty good by the way I didn't not see I just say that just because now all
geez niels got the hats for Corey no I don't but he ain't bad here's a dear field beach hello hello yes sir yeah I want to talk to Niel speaking Niel hey this is Gary from your field beach yes
Gary I just want to try and win a ticket I don't want to talk to you jack off okay 5 6 7 0 5 and he wasn't even on there before I how do you like that 5 6 7 0 5 60 in
pound 5 60 but thanks for listening to the Niel arrived you're showing WQM Gary you know what they say about Gary all over his
town he's an asshole 9 minutes after 1 to 5 60 QA and Hollywood 7 to see this is what you get when the guys holding on
there and he's got no other idea of anything else to say thanks for sharing all your material with us Gary
from banging in the butt honey this portion of our show is brought to you by Boo Blue a little video on each
titty and we're talking of 40 double D and they all knew palm ball because love and loneliness go hand in hand
remember palm ball now back to our show
it used to be high back in the good old days before the old part came and politician saint Jose
this town was once alive they even had spring break there were things to do all night
it's Hollywood Voc
example again
I
Know how to feed those and how is it all
Try to organize the
But the experiment has failed when the brain just came to town and tore the box up down
They just fell over the plate
It's a big got down this great
I'm dying over here
I
What's 16 is 5 60 what is that is that I think where is that Vladimir Vladimir?
Vladimir Vladimir
Like a fist fight and a partner there look at that. All right
Some lawmakers say they want Russia to send you the Slavio weapons and violations of the UN embargo
They were doing it out, baby. It's a good idea. We don't think I am taking back those loans you jackass
He said okay, it's possible
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless on that was pretty damn exciting five minutes for overacting
Here's a mobile in Hollywood hello
Hey, Neil how you doing today great and I don't want to get well. They're all gone. So you're all both of them
Thank God I want to tell George that there are more than two porkers listening to your show. Yes, I'm one right got two friends
They're all porkers. Oh, they're looking at this show. That's right. They love this show. Hey, we love you show
They're gonna kill any time while you're waiting behind those bushes with that radar gun man
Excellent. You gotta kill time somehow. Absolutely. Love what you got to say all right. Thanks a lot. See ya
Porkers love this show. Baby everywhere. Go they give me the thumbs up or maybe it's that other finger
I get confused. You know as you get older your eyesight can you know get confused
They're giving me some finger anyway. They love this show except for the plantation chief of police who hates me like poison
Oh, yeah, I forgot to mention that by the way. That's all gonna go down next week. Oh, that's a fire. Oh, and not only that
Oh, but how can I forget these important things all of that scandal about that old white hair detective over there in the beach years ago
They've got the entire story the inside story on does the name build Pratt Ringabelle also by the way
DJ. Oh, I got some real hot to juicy stuff five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
I mean how much you need to pay you out of somebody off to set somebody up. You know, I'm talking about I think some of you do
Here's Miami. Hello
Miami. Okay, nice talking to you too free loader
Here's a mobile and baby. Hello. Hey, how's it going now? Okay, sir. Before I get into my Christmas more question
You had mentioned a book about diabetes. Yeah, then you gave the Hank my girlfriend's a diabetic
Um, I believe she's a type one. She's had it since she was a child. Yeah
Seven years of age would that book be appropriate for her to read? Yes for both type one and two diabetes solution
Dr. Richard Bernstein Dr. Richard Bernstein right okay, who is by the way? He's a type one anyway himself. Oh, okay
Hold is he you know, he's probably in the 60s now 50s 60s and that was a diabetic diabetes solution
Okay, and the Chris Moore question was I don't know if I was hallucinating or not when I heard this more on
Yeah, is this his last year as the Panthers? Oh, I don't know. I mean
evidently they've offered him a talk show on ESPN in lieu of doing this and on the ESPN radio right? I was I was um I was listening to
Ed
Eddie decay yet. Yeah
On the way home from a girlfriend's last night and uh was he giving you odds on whether
That also Christian Christina walked in from doing
seven to eleven on ESPN radio and
He's already on there. He's just
Yeah, he said he had to run back into the other control room
I guess or whatever it's called the other studio
Uh to finish up because there's around 1045 or so and I guess he was on break and he had to run in and finish up
And I was just wondering if if you know I'm praying that
That this can mean the end. Oh, wouldn't that be great and then wouldn't it be great if Delby took over?
We wouldn't hear him on the morning show anymore. Oh, you still hear him. Oh
He's you're forgetting you've got the naked pictures. So be on there forever. Oh that little gilping. Okay
Thanks. Okay. Good luck to us pal. Yeah, Christina more wouldn't have to agree with him a party
Oh, there you go again being a party pooper knocking Christina more
Okay, Chris more is the best hockey announcer I ever heard in my life
56705 60 pound five see keep in mind. Okay. This is the same guy our boss that wanted to pay war in chroma already
Same guy we have no bumper stickers. We have no promotional materials. Okay
A lot of times bills for like 50 80 bucks George don't have a 200 bucks for being the employee of the month yet for months ago
This is the same guy that wanted to pay war in sponmardi 80 grand a year to be on for a half hour
Night before the marlin's baseball games because he's a cult figure in the market. Okay
How does that show on the waxy coming by the way anybody hear that anymore? No, is it on anymore? No. Yeah
same guy 80 grand a year
To the highly inarticulate the highly indefensible as far as being on a year is concerned war in sponmardi
Can anybody believe that no but there you go. Yeah, it's just it's a spore like sources. It's a sports club
Can we afford a bumper sticker? How many bumper stickers do we could print up not just for this show
But the whole QAM operation you're talking about caring about the radio station. How many bumper stickers do we could print up for 80 grand
Quite a few I would think gold lame. You're a gold lame. Go that's in lame, baby
Here's a mobile in pompano hello
Or they're out there at elephant button in Mexico. I'm CNN with that S&M business. Uh mobile in pompano going once have a nice life
mobile implantation hello
All right, Mr. Rogers see rabbi Rogers. Yes. I would like to wish you a box of air. Oh, what?
A hoax. A hoist. What? It's called a hug.
Holidays. What?
God great. You know, no, a hoax. A man. What is it? Oh, oh, happy. What's wrong with decent paysock?
That's a lot simpler with all the other what I want to all that woman. Okay. I start my conversation now
I have a question for you. Yeah. I watch your show a couple of times and I want to know what why do you wear a keeper?
First of all, that shows I hate to break the news to you two things. Able Lincoln has got a bad headache and number two
The TV shows been off for three months. No, I know that when I used to watch why did I wear a schmata on my head? Yeah, why?
Because it was amusing because it was silly
But it doesn't make sense
Hey, let me say it again because it was very silly and amusing
That's why it was silly is because it was it didn't make any sense. That's right. Are you keeping paysock? Of course not
Why not?
Why not? Are you going? Are you going? Are you going to church to celebrate good Friday this Friday?
At least respect to religion you should I'm sure are you going to church on Friday for Friday?
No, are you going to church Sunday for are you going to Sunday for Easter Sunday service?
Is Christen? I would go to church. What do you mean if you were Christian? Do you have to celebrate a bunch of bubble lights?
I guarantee I'm a lot more Jewish than you'll ever be
Why do you say that? When's the last time you had a good play to Kisky?
Last week like I said maybe you're right
Would you get it? Well
Well, listen now. Where'd you get the Kisky? Let's stop for stop for the baloney. Okay. Where do you find some good Kisky in this town?
With some good Kisky. Yeah, see
Yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, see here
Oh, yeah
567 05 60 pond 5 60 on the AT&T rightos line right I got some Kisky for you. Okay, sweetheart. Oh
Yeah, I go to retrievers got some too
567 05 60 pond 5 60 on the AT&T line here's for a lot of Dale. Hello
Hello, you got to go back to acting school. Yes, sir. I knew how you doing? Okay, you want to get your place go for a piece out and find
Right you see a North Miami. Yeah, but that crowd out there in Pemberpines
Why don't they put all those dying dead people out there in Pemberp?
I used to live in Pemberp lakes years ago back before the average age went up to 100
And it was a great place to live you on Taft and Hyatt is there right by my dentist. Yeah, let's then now
Once they put that cemetery village into a Pemberpines boy
The chapel
Chuck thinks he's out there. I know it well
You know when you get to be a hundred he's got a cater to his crowd. He can relate to them. He's a good guy
He's got a cater to you know his people. I want to ask you some
Okay, eat the biscuits, right? Yeah, and you're gonna have bacon today at mom's
Yeah, yeah, and what is the brisket cut to do with bacon?
You told me two things that you're supposed to have this morning. I'm not I'm not doing a paysock
I'm not having no satyr. I mean, I'm not interested in that. I'm just interesting eating it being selective
I pick out the food that I like you like mocha. I hate it. I'm not eating no mocha
So do I but somebody put up earlier and fed mocha is a must and something
And that's what I couldn't remember that name. Well, I can't pronounce that thing
I don't know what it was some kind of grotesque ugly vegetable like grows in the
Deep in the ground. Okay, I have a grotesque. It grows in the desert. Yeah, in fact, too
Well, it was horse radish. You're right. So put some horse radish on your mozzarella and have as you taste off. Okay
See how silly this all is?
Silly silly silly crap, but hey you have a good time, you know
Oh, we're gonna drink the money like I said schmoozing socializing. It's great. Look at fourthed July
Every other holiday in the world becomes a social event. That's fine
All the American holidays they've all become social events
Labor day. Do we care about the workers? Of course not. No care about going out there and having a Bobby Q again
Having a few of 20 30 beers
Fourthed July do we care about independence day? No, we care about like you know
Going out and set off a bunch of fireworks blowing a few people's feet off shooting a bunch of
Lunch up in your high earlier
Is that what they do in high-aliah? Why every day they do that all the red next to them. You'll englory holes in Westland or every day they do that
So hey have a good time, but don't give me this song at a dance this nonsense of oh you're gonna you're gonna keep the you know
Thanks somebody slipped him to Mickey
Hello, I'm song and I'm Harry here to tell you about a special place
Oh
That's where I want to come again
In the pocket knows
He can feel that big
Not that stuff but I shuffle board if you
I got a nine go for sat at eight months
I've had a food on top of your tears. I hope it's closer in the pocket
I talk and barfield
animal back in was killed
Mount Ellie and Shawnee they're even Mickey Rooney
I know
They rock and press
Oh, oh, we'll be that pumpkin in the pocket knows
The last of lunch and then we'll see our show
It's thrown me on that door
In the pocket knows
Get a hot shaped top
You're for the champagne shit by the pool and act like a shot
Let's get the chips to get the nice girl
Over by the exercise
Hey, truly over here in the pocket knows
And barfield can move back and we're killed
Mount Ellie and Shawnee don't forget Mickey Rooney
Play, rock and press go
Roll the re-sack of pumpkin in the pocket knows
We'll have some lunch and then we'll see our show
With townee on that door
And a pumpkin knows
Let's go if I get to teach this I don't know I got my teeth in the little bag with the water and there with this
132 at 560 WQ I'm Hank from a sureless day two coming up at two o'clock gym the mad dog Mandage
537 and we got the Amaradia Pantherio
Don't say Marlins just game actually means something
Panther's an idol is pregame at seven game at seven thirty
So that's our poll question we got a brief time left here today, but that's the poll question for the major of the show
Enjoying Deli more beside this Jews
Charters or Hispanics
No, sure so you go into a real big city and you go into a deli and it's not just Jews in there here
You're going to like most delis and it's old Jews you know like over the age of death
You can you walk in and you smell something and say gee the food don't smell like usual deli because you're not smelling the food you're smelling the clientele
But in any big city go in it is like a lot of dark complex people. They love good deli
I'm about Hispanics now George likes deli because it usually comes in for free
Why do we miss the villa deli somebody mentioned to me the other day something about the villa deli is open or something?
I thought they were closed months ago. Didn't somebody tell us they closed down?
Now there's a place you can get good kishki and also by the way, you notice how we're slipping nobody brought us any brisket
Probably because I've been bitching people out about bringing that guy called though which guy the guy that brought us brisket man
Yeah, what do you say? Well now? Why do you tell me now? What did he say like maybe next week sometimes brisket? I can eat that great
I love you and I can even eat a little kishki too. That's not so bad. Give me a little hard for him, but that's not all I bet
But a nice juicy brisket now you're talking
Here's plantation hello
Plantation
Hi there. Yes, sir. I was
Listening to you a long time ago and with with your coaching night
Got the guts to come out of the closet as it were regarding our religious beliefs. Yes
As you talk occasionally about people being atheists and whatever
It cost me a few friends really
Yeah, and I was what I was very disappointed about it
I
Also was to show about those religious people what nice folks they are
Yeah, it's it's very disappointing
But I don't think I'm gonna go back on it. I mean, I still I'm still doing my stand and I
But anyway, I just want to mention that based on what you were saying over the last couple years
I find is what the hell I'm just gonna not take a stand
Cross the relationship and a few friends really well, you know screw them. That's why I'm a great place Jewish
And I thought she'd be the most tolerant of anybody. Yeah, but she
She thinks I'm the devil personified yeah, we'll see you see real Jews with it with the exception of the Orthodox and the crazy Jews
Which they're plenty of those real Jews don't believe in that double crap anyway, so yeah
You probably you unburdened yourself from a lot of sorrow believe me
But anyway, thanks for the freedom. Okay, good luck to you sir. Thank God bless you
Here's a fact this is next week is spring break in Dave County
The Julio's are already lining up and getting tickets to reserve a glory hole spot in Westland
At least it'll keep their mouth open. We won't have to hear about cancer for a week
Excellent fact nice drawing sir
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Poor pandering Dave Hyde over there to Sunsend will go back down there right 20 or 30 more columns about it
Okay, sweetheart and any of the Pope too did that Pope ever write anything that was worth repeating no
But he's an icon. Yeah, I bet you're false that you think your false is still alive. No probably dead
Wonder how he's how he's told about this you know this clown stealing his love letters
Which you know when you got nothing to write which is most of the time any you write a stupid column like you did today
With that love letters to the editor which they read all of them and they say nothing absolutely positively no thing
Here's Miami hello
I need you. Yes, sir. How are you great anywhere? I went to that
Happy day like savings time do you sir? It's a beautiful day here in the Grove. There's a very windy. Yeah
Yeah, but anyway, I went to that the ban over there on 27th Avenue and the guy looks terminal in the car
Yeah, he just dead you know, so I went up and I got some tickets
You know no more than tickets because I'm not a baseball fan right they gave me some
The other tickets who were given away the fair right the youth fair so you gave me two and you know
I'm about two more for the game you appear and he gave me a pair and I go look again
He had a huge role there and it's like you you know
I remember your old remotes when when you were with a bird and all that back then
I think it was WNWS right
W I O D maybe your W I N Z or Z I mean those remotes that you did back then
We need to see those remote these days that was a whole different ball game
I mean we had all kinds of stuff to give away all the way in our moments
So we had the times when the promotion people screwed up
We had assigned the back of paper plates down events in camera one time
And then the time I went out there to a pop it on stadium there and for the miracle game
And they gave me about 10 picture cards to sign and we had 2000 people aligned up there
And I left there practically in tears on a car calling my business at home
How come you don't have any stuff for me to sign on here you jackass we've had you know promotion in this market man
It's not one of their stronger suits. I have bumper stickers from those days. I have bumper stickers
You won't see those no more
I have those those I won't other I there on my wall and also pictures of you sign by the bird and you right and
What is it with the bird these days have if you like to disappear completely?
He's pretty sick. I guess we have to check on him. He's in the hospital in Lakeland. You know he's got
Got a form of MS and hands head for years. I don't know. I'll have to check and see how he's doing one last thing
I got this envelope in the mail from that other station that you were at before you came to a sports station
Yeah, it was a yellow envelope
W-I-O-D. Oh, I hate that station
And a year and a half later they sent me this package
I guess it was something that you were given away you enjoyed you're given away something that day and I haven't even opened it
I don't even know what it could be
So I guess I'm just gonna send it back to them and I hear that
That lady that used to be on
After you was it after you she's on there now
Yeah
Brooklyn brook you
Yeah, I guess I've never turned that station on
I miss her a little bit. How about you get some stock market advice? I turn on Rick you know in the morning
We're concerned but other net I never turned that station on
So anyway, I don't know this is that station
This is number one station and you're the best and we need to see you. We already know
How you look like we need to see you we need to be in front of you
We want to see the people want to see you. Okay. No, you're a hardster. Okay, pal
Thank you. See you. We'd love to hear in the last money
5670560 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. He wants it man. He wants it badly
Maybe we could send him over to hang out with JC. How is he doing by the way? I wanted it. I bet
Yeah, we just they're just something missing here. Yeah
There's just an agreement there there see the powers that be here
They're too involved with their own little cloak that intercircle you're always talking about they're too involved with that
And they just they just don't have any empathy or understanding for the rest of us and what this place is
Really all about see this thing about Gary Sarner talking about how he understands in his proud of what he they don't understand
What QAM's all about they really don't we do they don't I think you got it backwards what
I think we're the ones that don't understand what it's all about we understand what it's all about
Sports bar with a microphone
21 till two at five 60 WQ I am isn't that right?
yeah
To
brought
Thank you
Good
I just would sure be nice.
Before we lose our ass, pick the town of town.
Oh!
Nice, that's that.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
It's not going to work on the right order.
Hello?
You all right?
Why are you standing over the right order?
The guy I called earlier in the show was right.
you people at bell shopman your ala uh... the anti christ
god all this uh... the whole phone system here needs an exorcism i'm telling
that the problem christ compel
the power of christ compel
uh...
dang
five six seven oh five sixty pound five i know this is just a little thing why
should i be worried about you know doing the talk to you with the phone system
it's all screwed up
see i'm just a troublemaker i don't want to be uh... you know part of the
little core and i don't want to be everybody's friend
that just cracks me up i want to be your friend no
i don't want to be your friend
i want to know about it no no uh... sorry
here's north mind the beach hello
or niel
uh... fifteen first of all
uh... yes
uh... are you going to get tonight yes i will
and also i saw uh... so i'm sure it's
i get turned on my new rod where can i get one you want to what
uh... t-shirt so i don't see such as
i'm turned on i need a lot of work and i get one you have to uh... you have
to look a salmon right place to get one of those really have seven of
that don't have to look them on his right to me maybe he'll give you one
or maybe uh... the nephew
so everybody about what they saw an impressed by the nephew i mean he is a
boring kind of a guy
he looks boring it's just that look at his he's a really good guy created
anybody believe me he's a good guy we like him he's one of the few people
are we really like
he's right but very boring but he is boring you're right
is that they were on here the porch talk
the porch monkey
all the porch dog
but you know he's he is boring you look at him in right away like a
t-shirt you know boring
you can't help that
you look at me and think oh fat old you know
where you are
here's a hollywood hello
and yes sir
okay
i'm thrilled with the fact that you decide to take charge of your own life
that's really get off all these medication that's right i'm right on my way
often in fact i just took a little bite of my uh... hydrochlorothyl
this morning
because my blood my blood pressure is spectacular now my low tenson i've
cut in half my glionace i've eliminated all that microdace for my life
and my blood sugar is seventy three seventy seven every morning it's beautiful
you're doing well
i feel it i sound like it and i'm sitting up in my chair here instead of sitting on my liver
my face out you sound very enthusiastic about it
yeah i think you're gonna really do it this time
and i'm not joking you know people in this town and get all bad out of shape
and my buddy doctor mark liport is a great guy and he's you know an interest in my
health and he really uh... i like him a lot he's a good guy and a friend
but some of these other people man this business of giving people a lick and a
smear and suggesting that that's medical care i'm sorry that's bullcrap well
you know let me let me just point something out here
uh... and this comes from my doctor uh... unfortunately because of all the hm
as we have down here in florida yeah many of your best doctors had left the state
and they're going to stay still north and west with right that's right more money
so in turn uh... this is a nursing home here out the great doctors that we have left
they can't take any more patients yeah so you know you have to have to really search hard
and long to find exactly what you want the doctor but you know yourself if if uh...
if you stay on the program you're on you dropped away no more medication right i mean
i could see running around the hundred fifty pounds that's right i'd buy the i'd say by three
o'clock this afternoon i have a great day pal i have a happy whatever you're celebrating
have a happy day like savings time there's something most of us can agree on you all like it most of us
there's some people who don't like daylight savings time you know what i say to them
too bad what are the reasons for that when you know the farmers don't like it you want to know why
because we push the clock ahead now or so gets light an hour later in the morning they don't
work in the dark some parapsidol like it because they don't like to have their kids out there waiting
for the school bus in the dark in the morning that is correct so there's those eight people but all
the rest of us we like it they like savings time hate when we turn the clock back i despise that
what is it the end of october oh brother depressing starts getting dark five in the afternoon
hate it
