Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
Here you're talking Neil called 567-0560 toll free for date and
rarer or pound 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil is guest, callers or anyone else on the show do not
necessarily reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions or the
easily broadcast group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
President Clinton is about to address the nation in a rare evening news conference.
The White House is anticipating questions about white water.
Ladies and gentlemen, President of the United States.
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.
Good evening, my name is White.
Good evening.
Good start on the bus.
Yeah, I don't know if it's relevant but I got another underwear question.
I think it is highly relevant.
Oh, well cool, could you show us your underwear?
Could I do it?
Yes, I could.
Oh, those are great!
Glow them at our bullwinkles.
Is Janet Reno seeing those?
I have asked Janet Reno to look at it.
That's great.
Well, thanks for the show.
Thank you for asking.
Oh, it is.
It is.
It is the end.
I wasn't an officer, boy.
I was a young man.
My friend says to me, son, it's not because of you.
You can't get down on your knees.
We have these out of our knees.
He wasn't a gentleman, great.
Who can't be Lord, we be pleased.
Yes, I got down on my knees.
Nobody knows what the priest has to do after that fight with Lord.
Fill this ball, there's a blue down on your knees.
It has a down on your knees.
Oh, lie.
He has to know how to play, come on and that's a funny.
I want to get down on your knees.
Father, don't use time to choose the seed.
You're one I wonder for my father, of the seed.
I was an officer, boy.
For the queer, queer, you're bad.
I don't use that number.
And I'm still not a gay down on your knees.
He has to know how to play.
He was a guy, a priest.
Who said the Lord, we be pleased.
Hello, 3 and 5, 60 WQ.
I'm happy to be here today.
By the way, let's see how observant this audience is today.
Let's see just how carefully people were watching last night,
which all of us were watching the State of the Union dress last night.
And it's in charity right here next we were.
Who was the last person standing right there in the doorway?
Is the president made it as he wandered out after the speech and shaking hands with everybody
and everybody slapping them and high-fiving in the grab.
Who was the last typical person?
I don't want to give any clues like banana colored outfit that was there
with a big smile on her purse.
I don't know if that was her daughter or who the hell that was with her there.
Making sure that she was taking advantage of the photo opportunity,
smiling for the camera and just practically squeezing the president's genitals there,
she was just falling.
Fawning.
I don't want to give any hints.
I don't want to say Gilder Ratner.
I don't want to give any clues.
Who was that in the doorway there just as he was about to leave the chamber?
Who was that unbelievable banana colored piece of crap?
Any interest yet?
Anybody call the answer?
Come on, let's go.
Let's hear it.
By the way, thanks to the morning crew for faxing you over a great postcard they got.
This is beautiful.
We don't get a lot of mail on the station because probably, especially the sport shows
I wouldn't imagine to get too much mail because most of those people can't read or write.
By the way, nice go on Bubba on that social promotion last night.
Everybody says social security was the most important thing you talked about last night.
They got the first half, the first word right.
Social security wasn't the most important thing you mentioned last night.
Social promotion was the most important thing you talked about last night.
I'm trying to remember those constipated Republicans who seem to have crazy glue in their chairs
and couldn't get their asses out of the seats except for Rassami, Sosa and Rosa Parks.
But other than that, they couldn't get their asses out of the seat and for Hillary, of course.
Because they're terrified of her.
I'm trying to remember if they actually stood up.
As a matter of fact, I'm sure they didn't stand up for that because they're anti-education.
So all the things that the president talked about having to do with public education,
they just sat there like, oh, is this over again or what?
And wasn't that interesting, too, by the way, speaking of constipated Republicans,
watching how most of the time they sat on their asses
and you saw this tremendous political division, all of the Democrats with standing ovation,
and the Republicans sitting a little bit up a light applause maybe.
And then every now and then, one of them would see, they must have monitors in that chamber.
They must be aware when the cameras are on them.
Like that Kennedy and a couple of the other real right-wing assholes.
And Airbnb, once in a while, they would look at, oh, and all of a sudden they'd start,
yeah, a little more enthusiasm because they could tell the camera was on.
But here's a great postcard, by the way.
Anybody got the answer or a question?
Might have a big prize for it, but I doubt it might need to be.
Hello.
Hello, yes.
I just want to make a comment on Ilyana Gross-Latinans doing a spotlight last night.
She stole it, yeah.
Would that banana color not fit hers?
I feel, and I cannot, I mean, she's, but, apparently against the president.
Right.
She's not spitting.
She's not spitting.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap.
And instead of fact as soon as you mentioned the word monica Lewinsky, she starts going,
I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not.
It's terrible.
Kissing is ass and pushing that little girl for a photo.
Was that little girl?
Was that her kid?
It's gonna be her daughter.
I think it's her daughter.
She does my best.
Isn't that nice?
She's there a photo opportunity with her little punky kid with her president.
It's technique, it's technique.
And McCallum, that tight ass, ugh.
And Trump thermonade, all retired.
Did you, did you, when he talked about, did you see when he made the comment about in the year 2020 or whatever he was talking about?
And the president, whoever he or she is in the place when nuts.
And Trump thermon sat there, like, like, what a concept, huh?
It was hard, it's all like to do to not like throw things when he talked about Rosa Parks.
Yeah.
Because Trump thermon was the one that probably made her out of the car.
He went around the car.
He was using Zener.
All right, I thought I could have said that.
Okay, thanks for your post vacations out there.
You go right off the bat.
How?
This all was that goddamn Rosanna, Rosanna, Dana Laire last night.
Ilyana Gross-Latinan.
You phony bitch.
Phony, phony, phony.
S sucking, Cuban bitch.
That's what you are, okay?
A professional Pandora.
She oughta be working at the Herald in her spirit time.
She oughta be in charge of the goddamn editorial page.
And also, she should be in charge of the Califractive Department over there,
because they bend over back with so much at the Herald Pandering.
You slimy little bitch, you.
Ilyana Gross-Latinan.
That's it.
That's it.
Yeah, she's been one of the most vocal credits.
But after he's coming out of there and everybody's calling for this,
I mean, he played them like a fiddle last night.
He was laughing at these right wing Republican,
these constipated pony hypocrites,
as they set their glued to their seats.
And then the one time, they actually finally got up
or over something like uh... you know god and mother in the country
something they couldn't possibly resist uh... with the ovation
and he made the comment about you i like that uh... kind of teeter taught her
uh... over here once i had the other than laughing at him
nice going but uh...
to get to them sweetheart
you know i was never that much of a big of a fan of his to begin with i thought he
was okay he was the buffer
he was the buffer that kept us away from the right wing fascist complete take
over you know something as time goes on i like him better every day
how do you like that i like bubble a lot
and any guy that's up there getting more jobs in a spare time capy all that
anyway with those wrong with that
i think most american secretly admire that
which by the way element goodman's got a great all god
great comedy you see about this uh...
this doctor that got fired from the a journal the american medical association
the jama
because you did this research on what
college students think is the constitute sex
and discovered that sixty percent of the study she did
sixty percent of college students think that all sex isn't sex
there's a lot of interesting stuff in here okay
i mean we know that all sex in sex and of course not
which i think i'll make the priest a hell of a lot happier today
that's right
flow job isn't sex it's just uh... bonding a little bit
but what you're laughing about or a blowjob is not sex getting a
no he's adding the blood no blow you the right remember that song
i remember that
who's who seems to be that used to be that and that alcohol the soons on the
busy in Boston years ago
uh... dating myself now
yeah this is a good looking to blow you but whatever you know when you
dress is bright and breezy whatever when goes up in here like
merrill and one row was that will be cat on a hot tin roof was that the one
seven-year-old
no
the dress blown up
that was seven-year-old trust me with that list hailer
which is standing on the on the subway group on the great yeah
said most guys that it was great i said who cares
i like the we we
i never see
i don't know
right
I'm saying people say it's out quickly
But sexuality is the thing
That's why when I see guys I get in a red shot
I'll be just right this way
So never have to see your face
Who knew that I missed but
If you can't keep way ground up on
And I'll be a same man
I'm saying I would like to do a man
And it's back in tiny
Where I'll be is baby
I know it's not a place where I belong
So come on be my baby
Were you fucked back then?
15 to 560 WQM
So here's this postcard that they faxed over from the warning show
To all you nice gentlemen
This is addressed to Jeff DeFloris, Joe Rose and the Goldstein
Goldstein, not with the first name
Oh by the way, do we wish happy birthday to Geldy yet today?
Somebody ought to
Happy birthday Geldy, inspired of that voice
But anyway, here's the postcard that says to all you nice gentlemen
Thank all you folk
For the informative sport information
Keep in mind this is one of the sports crowd now, okay one of the sports nerds
We all want you to work at 560 WQM
We enjoy your program
Mike Reneerie had a job at Waxi Radio and he should have stayed there
Neil Rogers hates in capital letters
He hates all of you or as everybody knows
He hates Brooks Daniel
Rick and suds kiss Neil's ass and give him a BJ
Whenever Neil demands good luck sign Charlie and friends
And I'm aside of the car just because they ran out of room
Neil tried to get Brooks Daniel's fired
You also fired from job
Okay, how do you like that?
I'm trying to get the morning theme fired
You fired the way they were supposed to be in the building with us today
Today was supposed to be the big moment of stay
Our program director, such as he is
And boy he is
Bluff Lindsay was here yesterday afternoon to a clock
Reminding me that he had a lot of work to do in the other building
Now what's his excuse going to be now, by the way?
Once they all move over into this building upstairs
Because he's been using that for 13 months on me
And I'm sure for a lot longer than everybody else
Oh well you know I'm not even in this building
I'm over there you know I'm not here I'm there I'm not
Whatever you know like a shadow boxing routine
Now you see him now you don't
But anyway he told me that the worst team was going to be doing the show upstairs this morning
Were they up there? No
As we continue having just a few little problems
First it was going to be what?
I know realize that we're at QAM okay
It's the Greg Reedway
But like the consultant used to tell me at the end of the day
As soon as somebody uses that expression with me at the end of the day
I know that they're full of crap
That's one of the great procrastinating lines in history
At the end of the day if he give him a nap time
Sooner or later he might get something done
Like our program director
The end of the day
So thanks for a fact to me over that great postcard
From Charlie and his buddies
Well I'm sure I'm listening right now by the way
Because I'm going to get booked annual fire
Oh by the way I mentioned yesterday that Jeff Hyes's booked annual show stop
He was at the macro when he got on the public address around
Then between periods of the Buffalo Game the other night
And the Jeff Hyes the big fat Tuvalard from the sales department over there
Told everybody that the booked annual show blowers on
Whatever they call stupid talk
Okay, here's some nasty stuff about some minister and gents and beaches
And big trouble will get to that
God we got just way too much stuff here
I'm sounding like somebody else
But anyway social promotion
Let me ask you okay
What a great thing he said last night about
How should why should any young person in this country get a diploma from high school and then not be able to read it
Nice going Bubba
Like something I've been saying for the last 500 years preaching over and over again with all this bubonics crap
I would like to suggest because we have many you'd be amazed at how many dark-complexed people we have in this listening audience
You'd be shocked. Yeah, that's right
I would like to suggest to you okay before anything else stop saying acts that one
One day at a time let's take this one day at a time
In honor of Rosa Parks who set up their last night nice going Rosa she refused to get up out of the seat on the bus
Thank God for Rosa okay
But at any rate in honor with somebody
One day at a time one word at a time stop saying words that don't exist stop mispronouncing words stop letting your kids be functionally illiterate
By the way, it's not only young people 50% wait till you hear this one
picked up this info over the weekend reading a very interesting article 50% of all Americans 65 years and older are
Functionally illiterate all right, not just in top 40 either by the way
50% one out of two every American 65 or over is functionally that they be functionally illiterate
So that part that he was talking about right education now with the most important part and that's when the Republicans really just
Glue that they screwed themselves down into the ground in those chairs
I didn't realize that they had the swivel chairs in Congress there
But they were like swiveling down into the ground making sure that their asses remain tightly glued at the chair
Because when it comes to education. I mean they're not too fond of that they like tax cuts for the rich
Which sounds okay to me nothing I'm rich, but closer to that side than poverty
Tax cuts sounds good, but that's not where it's at
And
And you notice how they really in fact Kenneth star must have been like spitting cartwheel somewhere
Must have been having an nervous breakdown since he was one of the attorneys for the tobacco companies
Which is one of the many reasons he had to put it in like poison
And when you started talking about the fact that the justice department is going to file a federal lawsuit against the tobacco companies
Then the Republicans just just they were underground some of them actually went underground
They had to start crawling out from underneath the chairs. It was incredible
And then when he did the thing there toward the end of the speech where he did the thing about all Americans
There's a vehicle protection and the the hate the crimes law and yadda yadda about people who are based on race and sexual orientation
And Barney fag with I'm gonna tell you something it looked like he was sucking out of person and he was so excited
Of course, he always looks like he's sucking out of person or something
But he was just a foaming at the mouth
It was it was quite a night. Okay, and again the polls this morning the numbers they're showed on CNN through the roof up to the roof baby
Now, let's just hope Alan Greenspan. Oh, that's right. He's he on there now
He's supposed to supposed to be speaking 10 o'clock this morning
Let's hope he doesn't screw it up. I opening up a big stupid mouth this morning
We want that market up at least another 200 points today, and it's got a long way to go
I'll be tuning in direct to mark to find out how it did
Well, I got more stuff that people sent me today. Here's a great article from
The New York Times Wednesday, December 9th better late than never about Ben and about ice cream and Ben and Jerry's in particular which I'll get to
Also, they're touting now. They're touting this new a diet pill
Which sounds real appetizing to me. You hear about this one
It's called orlostat trade named zenakale. It's been judged safe and effective enough for the US market by an advisory panel
The FDA who must have stock a whatever company makes this
Oh, Hoffman LaRose
Hoffman LaRose the FDA usually follows advises recommendations and Hoffman LaRose expects a decision very very soon
Meaning your doctor will be writing your prescription for this since he can't even offend fan anymore. No weeducks and fend fence
But they're under talking this morning about this great drug and what does it do? It helps again that this goes back to this madness
They have about dietary fat
It
Helps to avoid that the absorption of
Fat of I think of it said about a third of the fat that you consume the only problem is that there are side effects from orlostat
Okay, have you heard the side effects intestinal cramping?
gas
And oily or loose
Stools
Other than that, it's great
Let me say it again intestinal crappy a cramping
gas I mean
And oily
Oilers stool
Right
Wow
Oily yeah, so if you eat it through on restaurant you might look down your pant leg and discover you have the oily bird
Oh, yeah, oily which mean I guess it's good for like getting rid of it to slide right out there like like crazy
Like like spraying the teplon spray right up your uh, oh rectum right
So there you go if you want it to check with you doctor
It'll be out any day now and hop and the road should be making a lot of money and buy the stock orlostat
Trade named zen account
It's more more bull crap more lies by the way, and I don't want to I don't want to get on the diet thing again
But I will just for one second
You know very serious who's written this book called the zone and then 500 other zones
Which yeah, everybody in their brother is read the book and putting me. I think it's uh, I don't know
Kind of like a rip off of the atkins very similar, but not exactly the same
His newest book called the anti-aging zone
And anyway, there are a couple of things in here that just make me want to pee in my pants
Then I just thought I would mention just you can believe it or not is the case maybe
One of the reasons because everybody that goes on the atkins including my doctor
Uh, bitch about the fact that you gain the weight back so much faster
You know when you go off the diet then on any other diet and that's true
It says research is indicated that the longer you stay in ketosis the more your fat cells adapt so that they are transformed into fat magnets
Becoming 10 times more active and accumulating fat
10 times more active so in other words once you go off the atkins and you start going back on the other stuff
10 times faster on the atkins you'll gain the weight back
So for those of you who are shaking your heads literally and figuratively wondering what is what what's the problem here
That's the reason
Also, he says something that gives me great pause and by the way get those bad sodas on it
Herokim got to be drinking only my sole water from South alkone from now on in this building
Those are for me. What those were for me. What do you mean they were for you for you?
I thought oh, are you just decided you like they're they're for their diet Pepsi. I like that Pepsi
Yeah, but they're not caffeine-free by the way
No, but when you hear this I mean doesn't make any difference to you, but fat parts like me
It's a and especially diabetics. It says some insulin is pre-stored in granules
Which can be released rapidly be restored by your body
This gives rise to what is known as the first phase response
Anything that interacts with the sweet receptors in the mouth including artificial sweeteners
Will signal for the early release of this stored insulin into the bloodstream and anticipation that carbohydrates will shortly enter the system
How do you like that? So even diets sodas can cause your blood sugar to go
I won't say skyrocketing but to go creeping up again
Because then your body anticipates something sweet and sticky is coming in your mouth real soon
Oh, which gets me back to the Ben and Jerry's which we'll get into and also into the sports course monica business
Okay 1026 at 560 w to qa m
Feel Roger's got ever take off your underwear only to find a great big hole brown stain
Man it happens to all of us it could be the fact that you didn't wipe your ass good enough
Or it could be hemorrhoids
Yep, well introducing magic fingers the all new
Aint alignment to cure hemorrhoidal it
Magic finger a little dab their hand to wear rubber between your cheeks
Well, yeah, that feels better magic finger the new anointment to cure hemorrhoidal ditch
Because it's about time you got off your ass and did something about those hemorrhoids
Hey people see you digging in the hall there man
Then you get your fingers all stinky. That's a bad deal magic fingers
It does the scratch and so you don't have to magic fingers
Because it's a bitch
Think any of the guys the NBA ever had a magic finger in their
Well, that's something we can inject you
I guess speaking of the NBA by the way, which I don't really want to do it
But I just I am just nauseated and revolted and disgusted
But you know it shouldn't surprise anybody
At the fact that there are people allegedly with IQ larger than their penis size in this town
Talking about and even writing articles in the paper about oh gee isn't it ashamed that the heat didn't get latrined?
Spreewill
You see there it doesn't make any difference what I've told you this before how big a scumbag the guy is
But as long as you think he can play for your team or as long as you think that he can entertain you then that's great
That's the American way like these assholes these moron including some of you that wasted 45 or 50 bucks to watch the bubble the month fight on Saturday
With the Lord let me say it again like I said yesterday the lowest form on the not even on the human on the subhuman food chain
Iron Mike
Skumbag doing his jury spinger routine at the end of the first round within us with a big fat outer shaped pilot turret, okay?
Wow
That was really that was worth a 50 bucks wasn't it? No
So anyway, there you go with your NBA crap, okay?
When their magic fingers in there back go each others. Yeah, too bad but then get latrined oh gee
Maybe we can get Lawrence Phillips teach him how to play backs at Paul, okay?
So anyway Ellen Goodman says technical sex
She says well well here it is the first anniversary of life with Monica and someone finally got fired in a kind of sex
No, not in behind the old delta religion
Electuring us about broken oaths not Bob bar the twice divorced champion of the offensive marriage act not even Bill Clinton
The man fired is dr. George Lundberg editor of the journal of the American Medical Association
Lundberg was canned after 17 years for printing a survey in this week's J. Ijama showing that 60% of college students think that oral sex isn't sex
The AMA similarly ditched the editor who brought jama from the medical backwaters to the two-cutting age for inappropriately and
Inexcusably interjecting jama into a major political debate that has nothing to do with science or medicine
As for the notion that the AMA is political a political this group praises its roots back to the days when doctors played golf on when's the effinones and considered Medicare socialized medicine
Remember last year when the AMA wanted to endorse products for son beam
back in 1991 when Clinton was in Arkansas on Monica Lundsky was still in high school
The studies co-authored dr. Judy Reynish was worrying about high risk sex among college undergraduates
The issue was aids and STD's not impeachment
But accurate information was hard to assess if you ask students whether they'd had sex
How could you evaluate their answer? What was their definition of sex
Wynish then was directing the Kinsey Institute who's wonderful folks shocked my parents in generation in 1948
With data about masturbation see Joyce Lundelbers this time the researchers asked 599 students to answer specific questions
When you say you had sex with someone if the most intimate behavior you engaged in was blank the students were then to give a list of options
Everyone agreed that intercourse counted but 2% also thought that kissing was having sex
While 18% thought that anal intercourse was not
Yeah, George is writing that down. Okay, he must have been one of those in the survey and
60% of these conservative students didn't think that oral sex was doing it
Somewhere between the 1st and 2nd Clinton administration the researchers broke this news to doctors in various conferences
Then last January as Wynish remembers we all hear these pundits lawyers and senators saying very strongly that all Americans believe that all sex is sex
We had the data to show this wasn't true
So they finally wrote it up sent their paper for the usual peer review process and had it accepted the rest is history as his lumber. He's can he's out
I was not at all surprised that 60% of young people didn't kind of anything but intercourse
Having you heard of technical virginity Wynish asks there's also something called technical fidelity
So what is sex asked Ellen good men? There's no right answer
It's what people think it is as Wynish her definition of an unfaithful husband is like mine
I tell my husband that if he's had a romantic candle at dinner
This all reminds me of the wonderful moment after my pre-crisisness speech in Hawaii when a woman with a thick knee and he's accent
brought down the house with a complaint that she didn't understand all this talk about sex in America in Europe
She said this isn't sex it's for play
Maybe the Republicans are right. Maybe this impeachment isn't about sex after all says Ellen good
Herald today
Nice going Ellen
So 60% of college students in this survey say that all sex isn't sex well, so that's the majority right
So majority of the college students would agree with the president evidently they would testify the same way
We didn't have sexual relations. We didn't even have sex
Because it was just a few low jobs
And the part about 18% thought anal all those must have been the Cubans
That that no certainly though those must have been the Cuban students in that school 18% thought anal intercourse was not sex
Yeah, that had to be because you know that the
The bit we already did that survey on the show
That's the part of their hearts desire is the fact oh right male female whatever
Okay, let's take a call and call spring so long
Neil yes, sir. How you doing great
First of all, I want to say I think I need to get some new friends
I called them I friends up last night find out they're watching the state of union. They're all watching like uh, you know
He's stupid half our sitcoms on TV so
I guess come on really that concerns a sitcom. Yeah, but anyway
Illiano last night did you see when they when he walked by after the photo how she
She was squirt in her pants. She was clueling. She was she was
She was running up the down the aisle and bubbling. She was effervescent. It was wild. I don't get it
What do you mean you don't get it? She's a pandora like like all her other pies on she's a pandora
There's always good right wingers man the thing that I like most about speech was
Everything he's looking to do is for the future and when you listen to the Republicans afterward
They want to do stuff for now for now and then they you know it puts Steve a large in on there
I did not I didn't watch that. Oh, he you would have you would have puked on your shoes had you seen when he was talking?
I mean, I wanted they had Jim Bunning on there on one of the morning talking head shows and last night
I got Steve larger on and then what's the black
What is that is named the black
Congressman from Oklahoma who's become who was in jail for eight million different things and all of a sudden is a good white wing
Born again the black congressman and publicer. I'm not sure
But the large and last night he was talking about how he graduated from college and he married his high school sweetheart
And the country is all about God and this and I was just like I can't believe they they offered all these ideas up to
Rebut the president but never said how they were gonna get it done
You know, I mean the president had a lot of great ideas and yeah
Most of them probably won't get done because you won't have to help from Congress. I think I think large and was doing Jim
Zorn when he was playing for a Seattle. I really think they were doing each other
I believe that at least the guy had ways of getting things done he gave the ideas. Yeah, and it just you know the other thing was
20 Frank last night talk about ready to squirt his pants
Yeah, he had clapping after I just mentioned that yeah, okay right there. Okay, you're repeating my material sure
He was crelling like I said it looked like he was sucking on a big
Precimen we have an open-eyed and Broward to invade come on. Let's hear it for our president. They let's hear it for Iliana gross late and come on. Let's get with it
And there's I don't understand because Alan Greenspan's on their ping on the parade again saying well
It's gonna be difficult for the stock market to sustain these these numbers in these games
But in the meantime now the markets going up to win between must be saying something else
What does he say on their Alan Greenspan real quick can be croaked?
Bob Frankin and oh you're on the one channel turn on the two seventy five real quick two seventy five
We don't want to see that fat candy. Kole again
two seventy five
Two seventy five. It's not working there. They're paying on a different social security
Okay, get him off of the reason old he's an old fart. He makes me sick to my stomach
We say Chris Hatton could make it ten forty five and five sixty WQM you're right. I'm starting to get a little
You know that again in here. It is in here. Make no mistake about it
Put it on the record whatever the problem is it is in this room right here in this goddamn room
Anyway, here's the fact that says I was screaming at that Rosanne danaboo
It's whilst you drool over Clinton with that little fat obnoxious kid last night
I hope she gets run out of town on a railbiter fanatic right when friend Clinton was terrific last night
Oh
Here's what it says. I've heard you talk about congressman canadian is resemblance to a peaty assassin bolder
I never saw him until yesterday and you are absolutely correct is what it says absolutely correct
Canadian is the same kind of be I'd shift the arrogant weasel bolder is some of the would stab his own mother
Father children siblings in the back for the slightest personal gain
It made me sick just looking at him inside edition is made candidates behavior the all of ethyologarden national news
You know that wait first there was that pop up behind his back and he tried to get a raspired and then denied it in the light about it
Not that Charles canady or peatbolger whatever lied to us of course
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line. What are we doing now George? What are we doing?
All coming Jason to our studios. Oh great. How you doing Jason? Who's got a big box in this hand?
Of crap and what do we do with all the crap?
I was just making a space on the counter for them to put their stuff temporarily
Okay, so now that we're moving now during this show we're gonna be doing the moving over process great
Let's hear it. Let's make a broadcast this live on here. We're gonna discover the contents of all the boxes over there from the other building
Incredible here's Hollywood. Hello
Neil. Yes sir. Yeah, a long time. Listen to the first time caller. Okay, and I remember Caldus. He got me started the boy. God. Yeah, he was great
Okay, the reason I called
Back in 1977 my son worked in the Senate post office and
Strom Thurman had just either gotten married or had to know the child
And at that time around the Senate and throughout Capitol Hill
Senator Thurman had a nickname and it was sperm
Thurman. Yeah, and that's how we refer to it this day. That's right
And that's all I have to say. God bless you. Thank you. Have a great day
sperm Thurman 96 years old. They still doing a honey like that. This uh, this is gonna be a short show today
Look at that in fact, we can let the we can let Hank so people all move in here right about 11 o'clock
Let's just run all it. Let's do what they do in the morning show. Let's just back up all the spots now
We should be done by about 11 o'clock
Huh? No, that's right. I'll like they do in a morning show and spiderweb blufflin's he keeps threatening you
They're not gonna do anymore. They still do it like almost every morning and back up all the spots for the end of the hour
And then we'll come on and say goodbye about 11.20
And then they can now come in here. We can just broadcast and moving of all the stuff from the other building into our
temporary studio over there near the other room where George sits
Because here's our last call from Columbus, Ohio. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir
I called you the day I moved away from plantation to come up to Columbus over the summer and I've been without your
Voice on the radio and I don't have it on the audio and that but my buddy
Well, maybe I'll just come up there and do the show because it's you're the only colleague I got it's from out of town
This is how the yesterday I'd do the pop-out berething no interest none whatsoever. They don't know who he is
So this is you know, I'm on the outs with this time. Well, I'm a panger all I get up here at a box board
They don't print anything about the hot. Don't don't mention the h-word, please
Anyway, I read that my buddies have sent me video tapes at TV show when I have TV shows history and TV show is off
It's done. It's it's out. Well, I got six hours worth of tape and I keep washing it over and over again
Right
In any case, I read the book lost rights that you recommend right and it was a real eye opener
And there was an article in the Columbus paper this week about Cory Blanc from the Lakers
It said he was pulled over by a trooper because the
Tintin was too dark on his windows. Yeah, and they just happened to have a drug dog
So the door did it's a thing that didn't find any drugs
But found 19,000 cash which they took away from him. Yeah
To get the money back the owner of the cash has to take the court the cops the court to prove otherwise
Now this is interesting the police undoubtedly within the vein if citizens began stealing squad cars
And returning them only when the cops proved the vehicles were not being used for donut runs
But the rules applying to citizens do not apply to authorities
Maybe that's why we have so many authorities. Yeah, anyway, that sums up in a nutshell
It's a police state maybe I've been told people that for years
They think it's some kind of a joke that the American
That's right. So God damn police state they do whatever they want anyway
You have to six months and not hearing you. I can only say Neil God and I'll call back and maybe you'll put me on hold one day to get another dose
Okay, thanks, but have a great life. Okay. There's a guy's freezing his ass off in Columbus
Oh, hi. Oh, he appreciates the show. He's calling down here. These bastards down in Dayton, bro
Same old story, you know, same old tired story every day of my life. What's that? George is that your stub?
insurance cards
It's the 20th of January. Shouldn't you begin your stub today?
Not that I want to be track of these things you ought to be getting your stub today. Mr. You better watch it
So in other words this ongoing process is going to take place now
During our show the next four hours. They're going to be slipping around here running around with boxes full of crap
Not a lot. I don't it's Hank doing his show here today. No, no, but the control room will be this room. Oh, they're going to use this control room during a
Hang show today. Yeah, okay
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line. Here's West Palm Beach. Hello
I'll go to you. Yes, sir. I did watch the state of address last night of address. Yeah. Yeah, blue dress the state of her dress
The point I'm making so is I've been a Republican since 1980 and my wife and I this morning filled the back of our
voter registration voter registration card
And we filled it out for a new party which will be Democrat
Because what I saw yesterday with this guy
Slick Willie there made the point of education and different points of view which which we're outstanding
Which needs to be the change that need to be done in this in this country and those guys those Republicans
To sit on their ass and they give you and I don't know what's happening at the beginning there
But you hear that heck work? No, it was thrown a heckling like before today. The state is just a good start
Had to be one of Republicans, but the point is though is I mean we all should work together
And try to work something out here and then stop the name calling and the sour push spaces and everything else enough
Enough is enough and I never again. I will go Republican
I like it sir. Okay, and have a great life. Yes, and I want to say
Can I take off all the things back? Go ahead quick
Okay, get out of here. We have an open line in Brown all three and date five six and he was going so well there too
You know, and then he had a stab in the foot
Yeah, yeah, they were showing on one of the many millions of clips again
You know, they keep having to replay the the testimony in front of the grand jury and here's bubble look and real pasty and then it was getting longer
And I'm looking at this and I'm getting really angry the idea the idea that he had a sit there and testify about
Who did what to whom and was there a cigar involved and did he stick his finger with her rectum did she I mean
What are we talking about sexual McCarthyism as an understatement man?
Your Republican party those of you people who are still involved all ten of you
Has been taken over by a bunch of hypocritical
Maniac by a bunch of uppipes sexually frustrated lunatics
Here's the president of the supposedly the greatest free country in the world
Sitting there and he's got to answer all of these personal questions about how inappropriate was the relationship
And did she do this and did he try to arouse her and did she have an orgasm and was it good and was it multiple orgasm
On and on and on no wonder the rest of the world is looking at us like we've lost our minds here like we're crazy
And the thing that really is astonishing is that we've gotten this far
Yeah, in seven or eight minutes now they're going to continue with the defense lawyer speaking of the senator
That we've actually had two articles of impeachment passed by the house without seeing any witnesses by the way
They had all those 60,000 pages so they claimed although now they want the senator to call witnesses
They had plenty of ample evidence
And now we have an impeachment trial going on in the senate over blow jobs
You know something this is so unspeakable
And the fact that the media continue presenting this like this makes some sense
And we still hear nothing absolutely nothing
About Linda trip and the illegal
Recordings of the phone calls and about Kenneth star and his work for the tobacco companies and all the other
Conflicts are interested he had and the people that put him in there in the first place
Like Jesse hums and locked third floor from North Carolina don't hear any of that
And they'll stick you know James Carvell on the talking head shows on Sunday morning
And yeah, he is a goofball or at least he comes off that way even though his book was very good by the way about
And the horse he wrote in on about Ken Stark great book little book take a half an hour to read
But they stick him on and everybody's ah, he's just uh, you know, he's a goofball
He's just a crumbudge and he's just a silly guy
And he's taught exactly what this has been all about
But the media man they continued dutifully reporting this in a very solemn and somber way like wow
You know the long rick goes on who knows what that could have that's the scary part
Because no person in his or its right mind could possibly believe that we could have gotten to the prober right right now
Oh
But he lied about blow jobs he lied about the was it really sex is it this and is it that and the cedars and so on
Give me a freaking break already, okay grow the hell up. I hope I hope that but before the end of the week
I hope Larry flint out another 500 guys, okay
present congressman past congressman future congressman
When it dot drag them out Larry
Here's a mobile and Cooper city. Hello. Good morning. Neil. Yes, sir
Is the bargain fest at old studio closed down for good on shared in street?
I don't know what they're gonna do in there. Okay. I think they're gonna convert it over to the roach motel
I pass it every day at the high store. Yeah, you'll be on the inside
Uh, Neil through all this uh, draw this uh, barbagate
Uh, all we can hope is they the country will grow up
Uh, it's you know popular rumor that there's only
You know several hundred very influential Republicans very wealthy Republicans behind all this
That's why it's just pushing on against the will of the people right uh, I've always been a Democrat never staunch Democrat
But I think the Republicans are just are terrible what they're doing
uh
We've been subjected to this for 20 15 20 years and and most of the people don't care what other people do
Between themselves they don't care about race. They just want to live their lives do no harm as you say
And maybe the country will grow up that's the best thing we can hope
Well, it's obvious that as immature as the public is there a hell of their light years ahead of the right wing Republicans
That's for dancer you know, do you remember in the early 70s? I was a kid and uh, uh, uh, these bumper stickers cropped up
I found it. Yeah, remember that and we didn't know what that meant
Well, these people were the lunatic friends and they what they found was god
And and we looked at these people and laughed yeah, we're made now nobody country. Yeah, I've said that a million times. Okay, but I have a great day
Okay, one call left in the board like I said we'll just stand up all the spots and then we'll make way for the people that are moving to the the movers
Yeah, we got the movers from the other building
Maybe they'll bring some of the roaches over they can meet with the answer we got over here. I thought he said with the
Take it up your ass
Starting from
To get a loop the voice can take just a little tight
Then you make the move and make some feel all right and then you swallow around and swallow around the left to right
But her head position for the four last
Or equal five hundred years as it was her leg back now she's ready to go time to give her a stab
That's what I call falling up
Of
And then you swallow around they swallow around from left to right
One hundred to this car and all of time
The right to five are as you push your legs back now
She's ready to go time to give her a stab and that's what I call fall in the broad
It's better than your head when you gotta get off
It's so much after eleven and five sixty wqm Hank will be here from shulas
I think today now he will not be in the building but nevertheless the while we're doing a little crossover
Okay a little cross-dressing today and then we got at six o'clock booster from hour and seven o'clock tonight the pregame show
Panthers at the islanders Pavl Berger you know who he is?
Anybody know he may or may not play I doubt it tonight
Here's Delray Beach hello
The history of American politics what is it?
Feel clinton is the biggest pony in the history of American politics. Yeah
Why you support this man is the based on what?
Based on what? Where have you been the last uh
So don't give me don't give me a lot of where have I been based on what he's the phony about one
The phony about everything. This is the guy. Give me something
I don't don't give me glorious the generalizations here. Give me something tangible that he my head on very simple
How I can support him you mean like 70% of the rest of the public how I can support him
It must be just me is that it? Can I finish?
But how can you ask me how I can support him when the overwhelming majority of the public supports him?
Just because they're not educated on all the
Because we're all going on the smart as you okay. We'll give us the facts very simple. Yes. He had Rosa Parks. They last night correct
Yeah, okay
You know that
Arkansas is one of only two states that never I hate to break the news to you. Okay, but
Robert Bernard was once a member of the Ku Klux Klan. Okay. That's a long time ago. Bobby isn't governor of Georgia anymore. Okay
Of Arkansas. What the hell is the same difference of Arkansas? He's not the governor anymore. Okay?
He needs to go golfing as governor. Yeah, only seven eight years ago at all white golf course. Wow. What does that make you think?
It's a hypocrite. Yeah, yeah
in
And many other ways of phony too. Well, let's have some more that the first one doesn't mean anything to me
Means nothing. He's not governor of Arkansas anymore now. Linda Johnson was a racist in Texas too
And then he was the one at the that got to the civil rights legislation passed in 1964
Here Tommy stuff that happened 20 years ago
It didn't happen 20 years ago. What's all differences it made? It's or that means nothing to you
No, it doesn't mean anything what means what means to me is what he's doing the last six years is president
That's all I care about. I don't give a crap what he didn't Arkansas and he's a fact that he bombs Sudan and killed innocent people when we found out
Okay, have a great day pal. Have a great life
Oh, this this guy reaching and reaching and reaching he killed innocent people just like we killed innocent people in Iraq
I hate to break the news user innocent people die. That's the world that we live in
I know that no other president has ever dropped bombs anywhere and killed innocent people
So let's say I'm peaching for that not for blow jobs. There you go
Unbelievable. We have an open line in Broward two-in-date. How can I support this man? He's such a phony of up up up up up
Peep-peep-peep-peep because we're all stupid and you're smart
And then you give me a song to dance about how he played golf at some restricted club in Arkansas somewhere like that has to do with something to do with Rosa Parks
Open line in Broward two-in-date five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the 18- and two wireless line
Here's a lady mobile in Hollywood. Hello. I got to follow that. Yes
Wonderful. I haven't learned from him. Then he just teaches all the hypocrisy of Bill Clinton. Well my eyes are open now
I thought he was awesome last night. Yeah, I thought it was great
That's why and that's what this guy is pissed off about you can tell by the voice
This guy's just the sour grapes all the way right well
I'm not going to be the dead horse because I mean, you know, we can rehash and rehash
It's not going to change anything people are generally stupid
But I didn't know if you thought I think that was last week and I didn't get to call you
I don't know if you spoke about it
You see how the Department of Transportation is changing the road signs along the expressways the overhead signs to make the lettering larger
For our senior citizens for the blind people. Yeah, because they can't see very well. No
This is the honest to God my hand to whoever yeah, it was in the newspaper. Yes, we are helping our our less
cited people
Who drive along art well sure even even people who got barely any vision they got to get around they got to get to the early bird
They got to get to wherever they're going. Yes. Well, it's true the road signs will now be larger so that they can see them better
All right, great little a little scary thought for you. Thanks for the good news. Can I get our shameless request maybe
Don't forget the cheese okay
I can't protect and you too. Hi open line of power to and date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
Here's Palm Beach hello hello Neil. Yes, sir. I just want to say that I think Hillary was right
and that
If good men stand by and do nothing that's the danger. Yeah, I'm appreciate out these guys and
That's all I have to say. Okay, thank you. Thank you. Okay, Hillary was right. It's a right-wing conspiracy
Maybe and she went on there and said it. Oh, she's crazy. She knows what she's talking about and of course it is
But nobody wants to hear from that
Open line and brown all three and Dave boy. This is gonna be another one of these days baby
I mean, you know, there's nothing going on
I thought I thought yesterday it was the fact that I was talking about Pavel Brey and it was a hockey thing
Now it's got nothing to do with that. It doesn't make any difference what it is that I'm talking about. It's the same response
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
I keep forgetting what the show is all about that's my problem even though I've been doing it a hundred years
I keep forgetting what it's all about
Neil is here to need a le audience seeing
praying that he might be able to prod them into a few phone calls just enough to get us to about 1122 when we'll back up all the spots
So that Hank head no, what's wrong with that if I have to follow like an hour worth of spots? Why can't Hank do it
Not that I don't want to do it to Hank. He don't deserve it
But if I have to follow routine like that
And then to get in fact as a postcard that I'm trying to get the worst team fired just because
Defoe is paranoid and insecure
I'm trying to get those guys fired
I mean what kind of crap is because I go on a year and I said that micro-neurious coming is there anybody stupid enough to believe that
Jesus Christ
All right, so Phil Henry is gonna be here for boy first doing mornings. I mean we're not supposed to let out of the bag. Are you sure positive?
But I mean now you know if you want to play a tough one with me if you want to back those spots up to the end of the hour
In spite of the fact we got a program director who continues since he's worked here long enough to become a professional liar
Telling me that isn't gonna happen again, and he's talked to this one and everybody here just laughed at him, okay?
Just fly away bluffs. They're just float away, okay, which he does very well. He's like ivory soapy floats
Just float off into the distance and don't bother. Well, I was just floating out of here anyway
Because I got to get back to the building and we're packing but yeah
It's not only this is the only man I've ever met in my life who was saying goodbye
Before he finishes saying hello
He's already saying goodbye because if he doesn't say goodbye right away, he might have to deal with something
So before he finishes hello, you know, it's it's the Beatles hello goodbye. It's the same deal. That should be a steam song
Comes in here yesterday with a song in a dance like he like he's involved like he's doing something for us over here
You're doing something for me. All right. Give me and my grain is what you're doing. Maybe that's what I got
Maybe that's my I must be allergic to it
To it as it puts the lotion in the basket and I bet he does
Nine minutes after 11 at 560 WQA and how do you think y'all they got the job?
The American cheesecass will remind you that everything tastes better with cheese. I hate broccoli
Except when my mom notes cheddar cheese on top then I even ask for seconds. Yes, there's nothing like cheese to make things taste terrific
I'm a side show geek in a circus and I eat ground glass for a living my secret
I top the shards with grated Parmesan. It tastes great and the cheese helps to absorb the blood
That's right nothing pops things off like a big sweaty glob of cheese
My husband likes me to you know do him but I hate the taste
So I just wrap it in an individual slice of American cheese. It goes down easy
That makes it easier to go down cheese makes everything taste better. So remember don't forget your cheese
1114 to 560 WQA and by the way for that jackass that called a few calls ago mr. Right wing
Mr
He doesn't understand how I can possibly defend this president
I wonder how many Republicans current in the Congress that were there last night
I'm members of restricted clubs
All those Republicans that were standing there with a big ovation for Rosa Parks
Which is about the only time many of them got off their ass all night last night
Including strong Perman
One of the great segregationist in history of the country
He's a
All over the place from every orifice in his body
Jueling strong 96 years young
Spurm through him and he's up there. Yeah, look at that nigger up there. Yeah, I just break it old. Yeah, I break it old girl
Hey, you go girl
Yeah, nice going strong
And you're giving me a son of dance about racism you jackass looking desperately clean for excuse it
You are clean on is what you are sir. You refuse to let go
You refuse to let go of a party that's in the distant past that's lost contact that's lost touch with the American public
With the 20th century wonder verge going into the 21st century these people can't even catch up on the 20th
And that's why Rosanna Dan was there trelling at the end last night because now all of a sudden
You know it looks good. It's a good photo opportunity to jump on because obviously everybody is very enthused
They like what he had to say it all made a hell of a lot of sense even though a lot of it isn't gonna happen
But nevertheless it was what the public wanted to hear
So
Let's now go you know jump on the van by getting a pictures made and then we'll go back to work tomorrow and we'll try to
Drum and dance out office because for whatever reason it might be
Here's a mobile in pomp it all hello
Hello, yes, sir
Yes, I am okay, I need to answer a question about football. I'm not that okay. Have a great day pal
We have an open line at brow at all three and date five six seven oh five six eight
Pound and see what I see why I hate this radio station that I do like poison. I hate it. I despise it
Like that postcard that they factfully that I read this one by somebody who can't even spell hello
Okay, can't spell his name can't make an X because you never got that far up in the alphabet
5 6 7 0 5 6 8
Palm 5 6 the on the 18 T wireless line. I got the
Commodore by the way standing by I love it coming
Perfect for this pound two by one
5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line
Here's a mobile in four-loader deal. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir
I feel real sorry for Rushman Bob and everybody else should too because the democrats were jamming up his phone lines
Yesterday and you couldn't get any of his republican
Well, what are you listening to that crap for?
The colon because there's there's nothing else you know around two o'clock. Yeah, also
Neil
These are publicants their only answer to you is that you're not educated because you don't agree with them
I think this and I'm not on educated answer on their part. I'm not educated like that rocket scientist Steve Larson
Who made the read the republican response last night? I'm not some dumb ex-jocke like Jim buttinger Steve Larson
Enough for me. No any other court case with this evidence would have been thrown out a long time ago. Yeah, and
Henry hide he out of you by the way was conspicuous by his absence last night
He wouldn't dignify the present with his presence last night
He's the biggest hypocrite and he's the head of it all and
I'll keep listening to you. Okay, and have a great day and keep in mind 41 to 45
Where the years he was having the elicit affair with the wife of the guy up there in western whose life has been destroyed
By the way, 41 to 45 youthful indiscretions
Anybody out there 45 years old considers himself
Get the beautiful indiscretion
To open life today to enbroured here's our last call for phone calls today boys and girls today could be the day
It's not only moving day in terms of physically they're moving from the other building over to here
It could be moving the format midday here on this show
Because as you know, like I said yesterday
I was positive it had because I'm talking about pop Elbury which has to do with hockey which there is no interest here in this town
No knowledge no interest no nothing. Okay, I'm sorry. We'll do that again
But we're right back where we're soft today and we were yesterday
They got nothing to say are these are these lines working? Is there a dial tone on these phone lines?
Is this station on the god then air this bum fork radio station where people call in here want to talk about stupid football
On a non-sport show some old user wants to ask me some questions about football
What's the point spread call up any K to that hilltimes the point spread
On games with players who haven't been born yet
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line my absolute positive last call of the day for response from the south Florida audience
About anything anything your heart desires baseball in Cuba. There you go. That's a big topic in south Florida
That's a real biggie
Come on Easter come on Easter come on Easter all the Orioles must be common as they want to play baseball in Cuba
That's what they're harkin and china about down here
Davie hello
Neil yes, sir. How are you going to the pistols pal really pistols?
I'm disgusted. I feel sorry for myself that I'm hearing his god forsaken place
Yeah, yeah, it is god forsaken, but the whole country is worrying about Monica and everything else
No, the whole country is worried about Monica guarantee that other people in other parts of the country
Got something to say about whatever it is these people are got nothing to say about anything
Oh, I keep people in other countries are laughing at us
Between the stupid laws, but marijuana laws and everything I would change it. We need to change something
Good luck to get get a petition drive going go out on the street corner
Get that lady get the kisky lady from Toronto from the pickle girl
Start with a petition 10 out some religious pamphlets in the good luck to you
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line a putrid a pathetic a not a bad response today a non-response and
Overwhelming non-response about any of the stuff that I had here all this good crap that I had that I wasted my time with
Ellen Goodman's column which I thought was sensational about all those kids that don't our college kids
Don't think that all sex is sex
Even though the president gets excoriated for saying that just because he's a little backwards from Arkansas
Where they think that a blowjob isn't having sex
Just unbelievable doing a radio show in a vacuum ladies and gentlemen
I got to be in the Guinness Book of Records. I really do
Only talks your host in history gets a toilet seat brought to him by a listener and does his radio show in a vacuum
Hollywood hello
Hollywood
Or you doing okay dig a deep breath sir
I take a deep breath. I'll be out of business here. I can't afford to take a deep breath
You might relax a little bit. Yeah, you're in sunny South Florida. You got to relax and
And there's a difference between relaxing and going into a colatose state
I'm very relaxed. I just don't want to go into a coma yet. I'm not ready
Yeah, you work four hours a day. I can get some upset, you know
What what can we do for you sir? What's the purpose of your call?
I'm calling a win-the-lary when coming out with his next
This next
Offender soon soon open-ended groward five six seven oh five work four hours a day. It's a piece of cake pal
I'll tell you what you come on out of the studio tomorrow. You do four hours
You get some response on the phone do a show in here sitting on a goddamn room with a phone. Okay?
You do the show for four hours tomorrow
And then tell me oh gee you only work four hours a day. What you can know what worked up about
It's supposed to be a goddamn talk show sir and guess what you didn't help
You're an impediment to my life
When's you coming up with the how to help the wine off? I knew that I'd be on air telling you okay?
Yeah, but I'm gonna call Shobo Griffin at power 96 with a phony psychic craft. She's got going
Which by the way no matter where I travel I turn on a TV and within five minutes no matter what station it's on
Whether it's on VHF UHF cable satellite whatever it is their Shobo Griffin with that 800 number. Oh, yeah
Maybe you never psychic reading for only five million dollars. I mean, well, what is that all about?
What kind of crap is that?
Nice gone by the way Shobo
She's no Rosa Parks, but she's getting there
That's what they should have had their last night. They should have psychic readings from Shobo Griffin to tell us how the whole thing's
Gonna turn out so we don't have to waste our time
Here's Miami. Hello
Neil what's up, buddy? I think I have some news. I'll cheer you up. Yes
There's a news release coming up for a public interchie that they're declaring 3% lost earnings for the year
For who?
We're public industries when has in a stock all right, right? And um this stock he there was a company he tried by
You know internet stock that he made a speech about how it's not gonna coin anywhere because
He was his investors predicted that he shouldn't buy it. It's up a 45 point. It's a day made to speech
All right. All right. I hope that's your deal below that. That made me feel a hell of a lot better
I bet he's only now we're to 1.7 billion now
Thanks for that. Why he can't you know? That's why he doesn't have enough money for the Panthers and everything like that ever great day
What do you say doesn't have enough money for the Panthers? No, we know about wind
He's an asshole. He's fed a Pavellbury. They don't know who Pavellbury is anyway. So that's that's the best part
That's the best part of this town and yesterday opened up my eyes wide like saucers
Open line and date five six seven oh five six to even George knows who Pavellbury is
That hockey guy right that Russian hockey. Yeah, here's a homestead. Hello
With the radio. Yeah. Okay, sir
I don't know that
The fact you called ago talking about working four hours a day. I don't know how the hell you can talk four hours a day
Yeah, I don't know how I do it. I don't know how I do it. I'm this on this goddamn radio station. This station is a trip man
In the trip you're the most amazing man as far as being able to talk about anything intelligently
Yeah, you pull off. I don't know how you do it
And I talked to an audience that they just are
Impossible they just have nothing to say about no matter what it is. It's incredible. It's amazing. It's astonishing
Yes, it is anyway. You got me because I'm so intimidating fire it up a minute ago about about baseball
Yeah, you mentioned I heard this on the news last night and I was sitting here to send in the kitchen
I can put the hells going on. I got to play baseball in Cuba, right? Yeah
They're really want to the Orioles and the Cuban All-Stars right? Well, why the hell can't I go see that game?
Why can't I because you live in the United States?
Yeah, I'm stupid and what can I go to Cuba? I want to go to the Bahamas and they'll fly you from there right over to Cuba
We're taking a plane to Canada to a little out of the way and they'll fly you right on down
But don't they bust you when you get back?
For what? How can they bust you when you're coming for another third country? They can't do anything to you
What do you do? You go to Bahamas and you're the different visa?
From sort of a well master card
Yeah, I got one of those. Oh plug-up American Express Platinum doesn't hurt. Oh, I want to go to Cuba
And I'm just going to go to Toronto and they'll fly you right down to Cuba and you'll go back to Toronto
Go through customs there and then you come back to here
Yeah, and I've had a couple of time zones and I have to wait three days
Then you have to wait three or four months to recuperate back to where I am
I'll be lucky and run to David J. Niel at the airport with the Suicide Chaco
Got I hope
Okay, good luck
Hang on man
Yeah, I mean that was another thing yesterday, you know, I that I mentioned and I'm the only one that's that's blown away by the stupidity of the stuff that gets written in the news
Paper's evidently everybody else in town believes this crap
The rule of thumb is it takes one hour per what one day one day to recuperate from each hour each time zone that you pass through on your trip
I mean each time I come across something which all right
It's only the 20th of January and already in the last month
I've had about what a dozen of these different things that they've written like the editor or the a son
That tells us that people who don't jamble on sports are just as interest in the odds as people who do
And they put this in your newspaper and I sit near them getting all psychotic about it and these people are
What's your point
Open line and groward to and date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T wireless line
Underwear my speed mask my straight fear that my clothes
You can strip my walls and you can take my balls and the hanker chip I used to blow my nose
And you can take my knife my career knives my toothbrush and my can of apple cheese
You can take my pants and that lamp I bought in France and that nico picture of AC and Joe Green
But don't take my art my
Andy
Warhol
Art keep your back hands off my husband trophy
Because if you send my art my
Andy Warhol art I'm not using my
Do you know what I mean baby?
Don't take my art my
Because that stuff I like and I can't let it pass
Because if you touch my art my Andy Warhol art
I'm all keep my fruno's right up five
What a pretty one of five fifty-seven here's the fact Bob bar didn't have the guts to show up last night
It was probably escorting ladies to a abortion clinics
Probably busy also what says in this fact that blowjob is not sex
You know I was thinking while I read this facts because there actually are people out there adult not just the dumb college kid
They're adults out there that think that all sex is not sex
I was thinking of myself is like cutting a is that like taking a dump?
No, huh?
It's in other words it's in the same family
Passing gas is in the same family is yeah that but it's not that
So maybe you'd say I kind of a family thing
Also, I have a shocking and astonishing facts here
About the uh did you read this about a famous forum the swing club that the BSO rated which is a private swing club
Which I'll go into that in detail at a momentarily
Your BSL again your tax dollars hard at work first they were out there or rating the cruise ships because they're only like
2.9 or 2.8 or maybe it really was 3.2 miles out there they really weren't sure because there were those warly bird the
Devices they had weren't too accurate
And then they headed with egg on their plus bring all their slot machines back and put them back at a business again
Because they're worried about maybe they're polluting the waters out there by allowing gambling not quite far enough out of the ocean
That was that was the first bus and now they're busy busting the private strip clubs again
Because people are doing stuff in there even though it's a private club and they're all adults and they pay to go in their voluntarily
They're doing stuff in there
Here's a mobile and what is it okahanka?
Yeah, hey, you know, I know Pablo Burrius. Yeah, well he's digging okahanka
I'm glad to hear about that in the tree
Yeah, I can wait to get on to the uh
The new place I passed there once in the out of game sold out
He's got a big traffic nightmare getting in and out of there. Yes
Well, I stay home watching on TV. Okay. We have an opener. I mean we can't have no people from okahanka come down here
Taking up our seats open line of day 5 6 7 0 5 60 and pop 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's a mobile in the biscuit park. Hello. First of all, a meal by my Eddie
Yeah
I'm second. Well, I watched the state of the union address. I thought it made a lot of sense
You know should taking what you put what you know what the Republicans want to do by
Okay, listen have a great day. He's that chronic queen
We have an open line of day one and probably I can't deal with him. I just can't stand it
I mean in other words if I'm that desperate I'm out of business
Okay, if I have to talk to him I'm out of business with all the respect. I hope you have a great life
I wish you nothing but the best butch up a little bit
But I can't talk to you so I just can't with good conscience. I can't do it
It would be like talking to shell mime and again. It's like a voice from out of the past every time you come to the
You know every years go by here's another shell mime and it's not the same one. Maybe it's the reincarnation of shell mime
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a lady mobile in bokeh. Hello
Hi, yes, ma'am
Two quick things the other day you were doing a survey on Wayne. Yeah, I think he's an asshole. Yeah, he thinks
The other thing is is a senior Republican in their early 70s
Said to me and my friends more of the same generation you and I yeah that we're in moral and that we
And that our values are in the dober and so and so for yeah, and I kind of laughed because where did we all learn this from anyhow
From that their generation we did well
I think so. We learned about oral sex from the older generation. Oh, they do a lot of oral sex
I mean look at why easier when your teeth are in a glass. It's a lot more painless. Yeah, but you know look at all these
Older citizens that have all these affairs. What's wrong with a little job every now and then
No, I think we we you know we just learned from them and you know they're just very bitter
You know the seniors they're very very bitter. Oh, yeah, and I would I think that they're
Your it's McCarthyism and I think they're out to
Trash Coyton and just the hang them out and I think it's disgusting
Okay, go go put her teeth back into glass. Okay, have a great day. Bye
Yeah, they're they're doing the gum jobs out there at the condos. No question about that. So anyway
Here's this fact because these calls are putrid by the way
Here's yet another case of our tax dollars being spent for high quality law enforcement in borrowed county last Saturday night at
1.30 in the morning undercover officers infiltrated a thinnest form a new swing club in Pompoville Beach
After collecting evidence of consenting adults performing certain sex acts on one another
The undercover cops left the club returning a short time later in uniform
They had no search warrant
But it already seen enough to arrest some 40 people for ludonocidious behavior in public
The owners of the club were also arrested for operating a ludonocidious establishment
Neighborhood homeowners were then allowed in the club for a neighborhood homeowners
Were then allowed in the club for a total opportunity to see their tax dollars hard at work and we do mean hard at work
Athena's forum operates a is a fully licensed non-profit private club to support the life-stallaby swinging community
It says the sheriff's office was contacted for information to support the bus
BSO allegedly claims that the club was operating without a license and that numerous complaints by neighbor homeowners association prompted the raid
Attorneys for a thing is for them stated that the club is in fact a fully licensed private club including full liquor
They further stated at a meeting last night that this is clearly a bad bus and that the BSO is grabbing its straws
To support the arrest of the innocent paper into the club can Jenny baby better than again like I said maniac lunatic
It is also felt by many of us in the swing community that the BSO has made a concerted effort to keep this story out of the news
Channel seven was at the club during the raid but pushed away by BSO officials seemingly to keep the story quiet
Nothing has appeared in the sunset in the leave there we in the swing community want this story to be public
So that everyone will be aware of the witch hunt in Broward County right now
It is clear that no adult club is safe and that all customers of such clubs are at risk be careful out there assigned to wide bread
Nice work can Jenny
Okay, so he doesn't make any difference whether it was a Davis whether it was Nick Navarro whether it was Bobby Butterworth whether it's this guy
Because that's the Broward FN way that's the way it works
Two open lines in Broward one and date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line twenty two two or a new in the QAN
Another delusional station and so disappointed tension that's not often said at lock of night
I have nothing else to listen to at night please
Get her off with nobody enjoy her
Thank you
New kids on the block have been sweeping the country
And now comes Helen Dale's dancing to new kids on the block
Your own music with a message
Parks in the condo
I tell you my wife has just
Bad and she don't know
Decrepan recording artist old parts in the condo with a new smash album friends and animals
Now
I don't
No, I'm at CMI, right?
Right, right.
They raised the price from polygrap so I'm sorry, I can't leave a tip.
First, there were no tips on the block.
Now, old parts in the condo.
Now, my time on my wife's ass just not new.
Now, old parts in the condo,
why the album brings the minimums and gets your tickets for the first live
at any wickety bastard ticket outlet.
Another Coppandola presentation.
It's 1.43 at 5.60 WQM.
And that's our poor question today, by the way, is a blowjob really sucks
as long as you keep your eyes closed.
We have an open line of dates, 5.6, 7.05, 6.0, 5.60, and 0.5.
Well, I didn't say which one must keep in our eyes closed.
Maybe if just everybody keeps their eyes closed, huh?
Oh, it felt like a finger to me.
Here's a Pemberpine.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
I just want to ask you now if they got Pavel.
Are they going to put him on a line with the Cosloff and Whitney
to bring the speed?
Guys love and Kavasha, they're saying he wants to make the all Russian line.
Why would they want to do it?
I have no idea.
That's Terry Murray of that, because he's a Bozo, that's why.
I mean, they got good speed, you know, with the...
Well, that's Terry Murray, and maybe he'll give you an answer.
We have an open line of date one and powered.
5.6, 7.0, you know, this guy's a day late.
OK, we're not talking hockey today, OK, sir.
This town is up there.
They're adamant.
They hate hockey.
They don't understand it.
They don't know if they don't want to hear it again.
They would like some free tickets if we have any, which we don't.
But other than that, they can't stand it.
5.6, 7.05, 6.0, 5.60 on the AT&T wireless line.
As we continue plotting, pushing, shoving our way ahead.
Like a gigantic, relentless steam over here.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
OK, sir.
Hey, man.
You have the best show I tell you.
If you ever quit this show, I would have a heart attack.
You mean about an half an hour?
I tell you what.
But Neil, anyway, I just would like to hear
the player sing about Saddle Moutain.
Yeah, how he's an MF?
He's an MF?
Yes, sir.
Is that the Royal MF?
What's that?
I said, have a great day.
We have an open line in day one in Broward.
5.6, 7.05, 6.0, 5.60 on the AT&T wireless line.
No more social promotion, OK?
I mentioned that at the beginning of the show.
Every line in his board should have been lit up.
This is the show where we play the goddamn bubonic song,
the only show in the world that dares to tell it like it is.
Instead of trying to coddle people
long who unfortunately have been brought up
to be very illiterate and very unsuccessful, which maybe
this just might be a connection between the two.
Vanalone should have stimulated 8 million people
to run to the phone and say, yes, that's what they should have been saying.
Yeah, that's right.
There's managed.
At least he's got enough brains to say it.
Yeah, even more than once.
But no, they're busy out there.
Oh, by the way, I think he's going to put Paul Bell on line with.
Yeah, he's going to put him on the line with you.
You can discuss it, OK?
In Rusky.
Panamai Chiparuwski.
I see we know he spoke Russian as a communist.
A communist?
Yeah, that's right.
That mighty Kone is a communist.
One of those people were that they got egg on their post today.
All those white wingers down in your town, in your community,
Mr. With an Iliana gross late in the banana lady there last night.
It looked like she would look like she was ready to check out
where he's banana.
I'll tell you that she was she was forming at the mouth.
She was moist.
Oh, yeah, she was going.
No more times and like squirming around.
Like maybe she had like one of those pocket rockets.
Does that what they call Paul Bell, Buried the pocket rocket, I think?
Let's get Aaron on the phone and fight out.
How's Aaron?
Aaron, somewhere is going to be doing the morning show on the station.
So in other words, they're going to be here tomorrow morning.
I'm assuming.
Ah, yes.
Oh, that'll be great.
That means maybe I can actually go upstairs and watch.
In other words, when I go to that last eight minute commercial break
at eight minutes till 10.
And I can stand there and watch while they do it.
And just give the default a high sign like this.
Okay, here.
What do you mean they'll be here here as in where you went out or not?
That's not what I was told.
I was told the morning show they're going to be upstairs and they are.
Oh, maybe they move fast.
That's what I was told by our program director who would never lie to me, of course.
They're going to be in here.
People, there's not room for them in here.
They couldn't possibly do the show in here.
How they're going to be like doing a show in a telephone booth.
We're going to have you guys.
Boom mics are for.
They're going to be doing the morning show in here.
And we're going to have some kind of a transition.
And what the hell are we going to be doing standing out the thumb playing with our
puds?
What the hell are we going to be doing here tomorrow at nine o'clock?
Go downstairs and smoke a cigarette.
I don't know.
I'll find out.
You want to see how much dinner I can leave just just test me just wait.
Yes?
No, that was just just.
Oh, I thought that was some information.
Oh, no, of course not.
Of course not.
From like our bundling, fumbling program director who told me absolutely positively, they
would be upstairs in their new studio tomorrow.
In fact, today they were supposed to be up there.
And now you're telling me they're going to be in this room here tomorrow.
We're going to make a transition with the worst team in this room, maybe on the one that's confused.
Oh, or maybe nobody just bothered to tell us or maybe they're just kind of making it up as they go along.
Is that possible?
Okay, we have an open line in Broward to a date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Halenville.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Happy New Year by the way, it's the first time I've had a chance to tell you that.
I've made an observation I wanted to get your opinion on since all sex is not considered a sex act.
I guess it falls under the petting category.
And if that's true, I guess the BSL unless you're having more sex with your dog, I don't think that's considered petting.
Well, I'm just wondering if maybe the BSL's next target will be petting zoos, you know what it would be.
Listen, can I ask you, I know you said no hockey, but can I ask you your opinion on one thing?
About hockey?
Just one question, no.
Okay, we have 500 open lines again.
They were like all lit up there for about 10 seconds and all of a sudden as soon as we had let all that dead air
because I'm in a state of shock here over being lied to by our program director again who just can't seem to get his story straight.
Five six seven oh five sixty and five five sixty on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Pompano.
Hello.
Pompano.
Hey, Neil.
Yes sir.
Big rich.
Big rich.
Big rich.
Not that rich, big rich.
Yeah.
I know it's not that rich.
Why are you still limping?
You're still limping.
I think about Bill.
I love Bill and I think he could have put this whole thing to sleep.
If he just told that grand jury, yes, I got a blowjob from Monica and it's none of you got to end business.
And you know, end the subject.
He already did basically say that way to help back one in the first speech he said it was nobody's business but his wife and family.
It really, and I mean, then why is all this crap still going on?
What do you mean why is it all still going on because the media are forming it to mouth and running with it and make it exploiting it and because you got a bunch of rabid right wingers who are determined to carry it as far as they can go.
And then you want to kill a couple of minutes.
I got a good story about Rome.
Okay, we have an open line in Broward and all three in date.
Five six seven oh five sixty and Pompano.
Five sixty on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Fort Lauderdale.
Okay, here's our last call of a mobile invoker. Hello.
Hey Neil, I haven't gotten a chance to watch the state of the Union address over the sweet last night.
So I'll take the long watch later.
I just basically want to call an ask if you could play a title duck.
Thank you.
Do.
You gotta have stereo.
I'm gonna go see you know for most people back to the other one.
Well I think you got too loud sound it goes all the way around the room.
You're a stereo.
What is it?
You're in stereo in there.
In here.
But I don't think the people are the people listening in stereo.
No.
On AM?
No.
They do have stereo AM by the way but did it ever get off the ground?
No.
Because I guess most people who want to go on by New God and AM radio just for the honor of hearing the people talking in foreign language in stereo.
No.
How about if we just had like Haitian coming out of one speaker and espionage a lot of the other?
Huh?
Or maybe we could go back to like quadrothonic sound.
We could have English or Montspeaker espionage or from another Italian or in the little Creole.
Huh?
That sounds good to me.
What's wrong with little Creole every now and then?
Yeah I'm on.
Here's a lady mobile and this is gonna be a real nightmare.
I can already sense this.
I had a feeling that this was gonna be real smooth.
That they were- won't we told they were moving upstairs first to do this orderly?
And then we just stay here like in our nice little nest here for a while and then once everything got there right.
And now we're finding out more QAM lies man.
Here's a lady mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Mr. Roger.
Yes I am.
Yeah I just want to know what you think about this just being like a white man's world.
A white man's world?
Do they have-
Because if it was a black man in the White House at the time that the blow job happened,
it would have been- he would have been crucified.
How do you know that?
Because how else is it gonna be?
That's it.
Look at OJ innocent and yet-
OJ is innocent?
Yeah he didn't kill that woman.
Everyone knows he didn't kill that woman.
It was a frame.
A frame by who?
Who framed him?
The white people were far off.
Yeah.
Dr. Furman?
Dr. Furman did it.
Dr. Furman did it.
Yeah Dr. Furman is really good at it.
Uh huh.
And that's what confusing me and that's why it's all the crime.
That's why the bad folks are white folks so much.
That's why there's all the crime?
Yeah.
Because of-
Because of-
The black people feel like they've been paying-
In other words there aren't black people committing crimes that what you're saying?
You're committing crimes but they come into custody they have the right to because the white folks push them to the limit.
Yeah.
And that's what-
That's what finagles me.
That's finagles you?
Yeah it blows my whole mind.
Well that's what we're talking about.
A lot of blowing going on.
Okay have a nice day sweetheart and trace that number please.
But lock her away.
Oh there we-
Now we're cooking.
Now we got something really going.
It took a couple hours but now we got a really good call.
Thank you ma'am.
God bless you.
It's a white man's world.
Well she is right about that.
It's a goddamn white man's world and you better get with it.
Okay.
I mean we had Rosa Parks up there.
We had a token for you last night.
What are you bitching about?
You know we're very good at tokenism.
We like that.
Hey everybody standing with H.
Even those right wingers even strong.
Hey Rosa nice God sweetheart.
Here's a mobile in North Palm Beach.
Hey Nieland go back.
Hey man what's up?
Okay.
I ever heard you talk about Nathan Lane at all.
That's the most obvious out of the-
They're not.
About what?
Nathan.
Nathan who?
Well who's the actor?
I don't know what's last name.
Nathan Lane?
What's his last name?
Lois Lane.
No the guy that was in the bird cage.
I haven't got any idea.
The gay actor.
I don't have any idea.
I didn't watch the bird cage because the bird cage was a bad rip off.
I poorly done rip off of Lakasha Ful.
Wasn't Robin Williams in the bird cage?
But who is this part?
Nieland by the way for the guy that was giving me a bunch of crack.
They said all like Robin Williams.
That movie has been pan worst than any movie in the history of a cinematography.
That movie where he's doing the doctor with the rubber nose.
That is the-
Even though they're making money at the box office because people are bored I guess.
There's nothing else out to see.
That movie is just getting ripped to shreds.
He's a one-shirt pro.
Pat's a pat your douchebag.
What is it?
He keeps doing the same.
He never stops.
I just never stops doing the same sad routine.
Robin Williams.
Who is this guy you are talking about?
Nathan, what's his name?
He was in a mouth trap.
Napoleon Kaufman.
Nathan Thompson.
What about him?
He came up and the most loud he's outing of anything.
Who cares if he came out if nobody ever heard of him?
That's right.
If I didn't hear a while then what difference would it make if they came out or not?
Let him go back in.
All right, hey, there's no room in your studio for those three, three slots, right?
It's not only that there's not any room in a studio, but why does this program director of bars keep giving me bullcrap?
And now I see they've got these two big mic stands, these mic boom sitting in here, and I came in this morning and being so slow and stupid
I thought, what the hell are these doing here? These are obviously for two of the three clouds in the morning tomorrow.
So it's Book of Boom. How the hell?
Now, and of course this is going to give them a great opportunity to run about an eight minute break at the end of their show, because now we'll have to do that to make the transition of the switch over in here.
Well, if I'm going to be standing on the hallway, twiddling my thumbs tomorrow for half an hour while they're in here doing a show in this studio.
If that's the case, why didn't they come in your studio, get in the studio a year ago?
And if that's the sort of, let me ask you this, I don't want to get revolution here, but if that's the case, why couldn't they stay over in the other place another day or two?
I'm going to be until I follow what I'm saying. I notice it's tough to comprehend. Until the one upstairs was ready.
That's right. What's the big cops, these army hurry for ending an over-mative arm morning?
They lost the least of those places. They turned off the ninth real number. I swear to God.
They did? So, swords, I think they did.
Okay. I have, I have a reach on that.
Say how do, uh, Napoleon lean? How's your mole? See you.
Bye.
How's my mole? He's taken too many shortcuts.
We have an open line in day five six seven. This is turning out to be just what we should have expected it to be from this outfit, man.
They are the best. They are make no mistake about it. They are the best.
Four minutes, by the way, what's his name? Green span must have said something great to that was up 73.
Oh, there's that stuff. Sixteen. I'm going to go home and call Rick Wiley and see what I do. Well, sell.
Anyway, did I say it's 1157 at 560 WQA in?
I'm there.
I'm going to say it's 1157.
I'm going to say it's 1157.
I'm going to say it's 1157.
I'm going to say it's 1157.
I racked the crappy little constraints.
I was like the first day on his face.
Just get rid of that.
You're in drinking cubby.
Let's go up.
Let's go up.
Let's go up.
Let's go up.
Let's go up.
Let's go up.
Let's go up.
Let's go up.
Let's go up.
Let's go up.
Let's go up.
Let's go up.
Let's go up.
Let's go up.
Let's go up.
Let's go up.
Let's go up.
Let's go up.
Let's go up.
Let's go up.
Let's go up.
Let's go up.
Let's go up.
Let's go up.
Let's go up, let's go up.
Two minutes after 12 to 560 WQM,
your Kodmas confusion station for the 90s.
So come to find out that our program director yesterday gave me
more misinformation.
And that the entire radio station
will be operating out of these studios till when did you say
until the weekend, through the weekend,
until the week from asookist, till Perum, till Hellfrise is over.
Which by the way, they showed on the news this weekend Hill,
Michigan, froze over.
Oh.
this weekend.
So they're going to be operating on here tomorrow morning.
Now, what, wouldn't you think like in a real radio station, in a real business,
that instead of giving the son to dance the quick shuffle that he did here yesterday,
that the program director would be discussing this with us and thinking about the transition.
That's supposedly going to take place here tomorrow.
Now, with Hank, it's not a problem because Hank's going to show outside all week at the Shoals and wherever else.
But that's going to be one way of a transition tomorrow morning.
Unless, of course, we'd back up all those spots today.
Hank, how do you end last break about 10 minutes on?
Here's some mobile enables. Hello?
Yeah, I'm deal.
You would think that they have laws, you could apply for a license.
How can they close these strip clubs down, these squat clubs down, if they're within the law?
What's the vacation that you're doing this?
You're asking me? I have no idea.
They just go ahead and do it. Like it says in that book, lost right.
They just go ahead and they do it first and then if it doesn't hold up, it doesn't hold up.
Don't they have to be accountable for anybody?
Who they have to be accountable to? Who's going to do something about it?
What are they going to do?
We're on the sheriff out of town?
No, but isn't he a very easy, as low as to go by the either.
He doesn't have to bite by law, is there?
Sure, he makes it up as he goes along.
We have two open lines, and Dave won and Broward.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's Hi, Alia. Hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yes, Neil. This is an ex-fundamental of Pentecostal Republican Hulio.
Now, a born-again Atheist Democrat.
Oh, right.
I just have to say that, unfortunately, by the level of intelligence of all these Bible-Felping right-wingers,
it doesn't surprise me at all.
I used to be one of them until I really started reading my Bible,
instead of believing all that crap that they preached to you at church.
First, this Bible code thing.
A year's a man will write a book that's teaching so-called Christians how to figure out hidden messages in a book
that says that divination is unacceptable and punishable by God in the first place.
And that's the ultimate hypocrisy.
It doesn't surprise me.
Unfortunately, it really doesn't surprise me.
Hey, listen, he's selling a lot of books.
Yeah, that's true.
More than what I'm doing.
Well, anyway, Neil, in closing, it puts the fair repeal in your religion.
All right. Have a great day, sir.
There you go. We got one.
We brought one guy over to the real side to the real world.
Got him out of the fantasy land.
Although you know something, maybe it's better in fantasy land, maybe out of Delphin do it a little bit.
I think I'm in it.
Open line and Broward to invade.
566705. 60.
Pomp 566.
Seriously, I want to go on record right now, is saying,
Duff Lindsey, you're unconscionable, okay?
Your behavior, your lack of communication,
your lack of openness and discussing with us.
And it says to me, this show,
unlike I've said a million times,
what did they want me on this station for?
Because you've got the highest ratings of bringing in all this money here?
It can't possibly be that.
Because there's absolutely no consideration.
It's like how many ball games are we going to do?
Can we get the hurricanes?
Maybe we can do the FIU games on there?
Are we going to go out and do something like this restaurant?
Is that restaurant at some sports bar?
Like George said, it's a sports bar with a microphone.
So what the hell are we doing here?
When they don't,
when they don't even have the minimal amount of courtesy of discussing with us,
what's going to happen here?
You know, we had the same thing.
We had the transition with Ron and Ron and we had a place for a while
until they finished their studio.
You're not talking Prima Donas over here.
We worked in other joints and other places under trying circumstances.
But talk to us, open up a mouth and say something.
You bozo you.
Say something.
Here's a mobile in Pompano.
Hello?
Yeah, how you doing, Neil?
Okay.
I just came from Pompano.
I just want to comment to say about the girl.
Not a minute ago.
I think she needs to be given blow jobs instead of opening her mouth.
Yeah.
And maybe she is.
Maybe she's working on it right now.
So once time, we have an open line in the Broward 2 and Day 567,
a 0560 and Pompano 560 on the mobile one line.
Yeah, well, what's she be saying anyway?
I need an interpreter for that one.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello?
How you doing?
I'm not going to ask how you doing.
I know you're doing real, not too good right now.
My ears are flaming.
I know they are.
My ears are flaming right now.
Do you drink or something?
I think this could be a conspiracy against you for the last couple of years.
It's very strange.
I'll send you to the station.
It's been down a toilet ever since.
Meaning what?
People against you there.
They must not like you before or get you back for everything you've done to a beaten or asked in the ratings.
Apparently, that's what it sounds like to me.
You're doing a great job of people around you, especially next station.
So, okay, now, so you don't understand.
It isn't just this show.
It's every show.
It's the whole radio station.
In case you haven't noticed that.
You know, ball games that don't get on the year.
Post game shows that never get on the year.
It's not just this show.
I would take it personally if I felt it was the incompetence that runs amuck in this place.
It's rampant.
24 hours a day.
And it took further use, I co-exist about when you were in a phone call before with that Pentecostal Reformers guy.
Yeah.
Buzz-in came through the phone line.
You know, the phone line thing that they think they're popping up.
That's probably part of the plot.
Maybe it's a porn plot.
It could be.
It could be.
I can ask which gears for a minute just for a second.
Go ahead.
Do you see the Ranger Game last night?
Probably.
Probably was interviewed at the first intermission.
No.
You didn't see that?
Yeah.
I thought I saw a little bit of the game.
I didn't see him.
Yeah, he was interviewed by us.
The guy who does New Jersey, the devil.
The white hair guy at the glasses.
The guy who does the paint by Christ.
Yeah, I know.
I can't think of his name.
Yeah, he was Stan Fishwood.
Stan Fishwood.
Stan Fishwood.
I'm very good.
Thank you.
I'm very good.
I'm very good.
I'm very good.
Go ahead.
But he asked him a couple of questions.
Apparently, probably Paul I wanted to play from New York.
Yeah.
And he asked him how he felt about that.
Paul said my team is Florida now.
It's basically a vague interview.
The guy just caught up playing for 10 hours.
Yeah.
It was like he was a cost in a hallway.
Well, he'll be anonymous here.
Like I said yesterday.
He can go out with a sign on his back saying,
I'm Paul Vellbrue.
And they'll still say, oh, that's who is that?
It's a real shame.
You're right.
I agree with you 100% and it's a shame.
Because he's a great player.
Yeah.
People who follow the game.
They couldn't get they have no clue, man.
They're hopeless.
I know.
And I got a one request.
If you don't mind.
Yeah.
My friend Juan is stopped calling you.
And I'm so happy about that.
He's one of the chronicles.
And I'm so happy on Harry's voice.
Really?
Yes.
I'm so happy.
So Juan, if you look at this.
What is his problem?
He loves you.
He's obsessed with you.
Yeah.
He knows you're the death.
Believe me.
But he doesn't help the show.
He's helping destroy the show.
He's destroying my life.
I know, but he loves you, though.
That's his way.
But you're not listening to me.
You're better explain to him that we don't want to speak to him.
I got you.
I agree with you.
Eat the crap out of him.
I will.
Take away his visa and master.
Have a great day.
Thank you.
I'll leave it here.
Oh, God.
He loves us.
Just like what's his name with the Prozac?
Like, can't be baits.
We have an open line in Dade and one in Broward and 1400 in Palm Beach.
And we have no idea.
We don't even know what the base were on here.
560-560 on the mobile one line.
I'm going to land on the left side.
For today's breaking win news, we go to the WWF.
We're all wrestling federation.
Let me say something, Stain.
You know, I'm maybe the I States champion, but I'm going to fit everything aside.
I'm not going to wait for a challenge from you.
I'm going to get you a challenge right here, right now.
And a few people go like it.
And that's today breaking win news.
Pro 14 is 560-WDQM.
We have an open.
There's a big bag that's cranking on the phone.
Okay, we'll give his number in a second.
560-705-60 in Palm 560 on the mobile one line.
So just during the last break here, because I'm a little bit slow.
And it's kind of like, comes upon me, like, I don't know where.
This whole deal about this transition we're going to make in here.
I just told George that the little light bulb went on over my head.
The reason that this is going to have to be done this way
is because being on the cheap the way the beastly read people are.
Unlike Power 96, that I got all brand new Stidley Arc studios upstairs, unlike them.
The QAM guys are going to have the same tired old archaic
it don't work equipment from the other building on Sheridan Street.
That they're going to have to schlep over here.
So that's the reason that the shows which everyone's are not on the outside,
like Hank's do it as remote.
That's why they'll all have to be out of these rooms here,
until they can schlep over and make the transition upstairs,
because the cheap bastards that run this company wouldn't put new,
I forget about Stidley Arc, new decent equipment upstairs.
Just like this archaic comp machine that was supposed to be temporary six months ago,
that we got sitting back here.
But at least that got it works.
That's the story boys and girls, boy the NASDAQ's up 64,
that was up 112.
Man, I get home, I'm calling Rick right away and get some investment tips.
Here's a mobile in Miami, hello.
Deal.
Yes sir.
Aren't you upset that we didn't get latrines pretty well?
Yeah, I'd be real upset about that.
I can hear a little bit.
I want to go see some gangster ball.
Did you hear about that Duke basketball player that was arrested for robbing a man in a wheelchair?
No.
Yeah.
It's amazing.
I'm asking a good education.
It's always best to rob some kind of wheelchair.
They can't get away too well.
Right.
If somebody with a brain out there couldn't go to Duke because this dog took his scholarship.
Right.
It gets people off.
Well you don't, sir, you don't understand.
That's the American Stidley.
Right.
And I guess so.
Anyway, the fact that we've got so-called sportswriters in this town writing articles in the newspaper
and idiots calling the sports shows on his station be moaning the fact that the nicks are getting latrines pretty well
and that we're not getting them on the heat here, but this to me is just unbelievable.
I, well, I say thank Neil.
These people are setting new lows in terms of any kind of conscience whatsoever.
It's ridiculous.
Sports general is just out of control.
I mean, even that Jimmy Johnson thing, you know, did you see the way they are?
I'm sure that coach in the helicopter, you know,
I'm watching this on the news.
I'm thinking there's some sort of national emergency going on.
You know, I didn't know these were all football coaches.
Oh, Dave Lansdair, man, he's an important guy.
Don't you understand?
That's a big stuff.
Have a great day, pal.
You get your priorities straightened up.
We have an open line in somewhere in Dave, 560, 705, 60, 05, 560 on the mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Naples.
Hello.
Daniel, what's happening with that?
Yes, sir.
Hey, I touched on a second go when he came back from break.
I was just calling to tell you I figured out the root of the problem to your studio situation.
And that is the healer of the radio stations.
I'm over here in Naples and they have two or three stations over here.
Right.
And they go through the same thing constantly.
Sir, I want to tell you something.
I really mean this.
I work for a lot of people, good people, bad people, smart people, dumb people.
These people are the cheapest, the tightest bastards and believe me.
They're paying me a lot of money, but only because I'm making them a hell of a lot of profit, you know,
in terms of advertising on the show.
They're not paying me a lot of money because they're generous.
These are the cheapest bastards I have ever seen in my life.
And to think, like I said yesterday, the kind of conditions that the people have had to work with
and that other building on Sheridan Street and a kind of filth on the walls and the carpeting upstairs,
what kind of slabs go to work every day and work in this kind of environment?
And then drag over a bunch of old half-ass crap, broken down garbage from the other building
and say, oh, by the way, here's your new studio.
Is that a grateful to us?
You know, they have their dinner here.
So I'm unbelievable. I can't even begin to imagine anybody else in this industry doing this.
Well, nobody else would. And that's what, you know, when you said that they do pay you a lot of money
and you're one of the portion of one, they have a couple of guys over here on the other coast
that have a great show, well listen to show.
And they out now admit that they make nothing and especially compared to what they make for the station.
Yeah. Well, that's the beefy effing way, man.
That's the beefy way. It's no longer the American effing way. It's the beefy effing way you got it.
And hey, if you think the sports page over in Miami is bad, pick up a Naples paper one day
and try to find anything other than, you know, like shuffled board results.
Oh, no, it's picking. I'll get another big over there. Okay, pal, good luck to you.
Stay out of the beastie boys. Okay, we got two open lines in a day two of Broward 56705,
60 pound, 560 on the mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello.
Yeah, I'm Neil. Yes, sir.
This is Evan's father. I have something to say.
I think the site, the morning is hypocritical.
Okay, can I ask you a question? And don't take this the wrong way, okay?
Yeah, sure.
Because you've called me before, but why do you call and identify yourself as this is Evan's father?
Like you're some kind of an appendage. Like you're an underling.
Because all these years, and he grew up, he used to say, a pet's fun.
So now I want to return the favor.
Okay. Okay. So now we know.
Anyway, these site, the morning is hypocritical.
I'll call themselves congressman incentives.
It should be all censured and should be impeached themselves.
Because they don't know the procedure that's necessary to run this country.
When you're in the service, you learn about the chain of commands.
You can hate your general. You can hate your lieutenant.
But you must respect the bars on his shoulders.
And you must pay homage to him.
These guys that didn't show up last night, they should be thrown out of office so fast.
Because not that they didn't like the president, but they didn't like the president to see.
They are unbelievable. They're not Americans.
Americans go, you don't have to like the guy.
You don't have to clap for the guy. Just sit there where you belong.
But you're supposed to pay homage to the office.
Right.
That's the man. And I say that they should all be thrown out.
And I'll never vote Republican again.
All right.
Okay.
I was having fun.
I was having fun.
By the way, in case you're wondering.
Okay. I'm sitting here.
You know something.
I always wonder what it would be like to have a nervous breakdown on the year.
I think today is going to be the day.
I don't know who you're talking to in there.
I know you've got a little problem with some crank or whatever that is.
But I'm sitting here dying.
I mean, actually dying on the radio.
And I'm watching those green things light up the run of board.
And I never ever get bent out of shape.
I never say anything.
I'm probably too nice of a guy in spite of my, you know, in contrary to public opinion.
But this today, this is not my concept of doing a radio show.
This is not what I consider coming in and getting paid to do.
What I spent 400 years working my way from little underling in the Tavian New York
to Albion, Michigan to Marshall, Michigan to WKAT to WNWS to WINZ to Zeta to WIOD to this place.
Okay. This is not anywhere near even close.
What I can see when I get out of bed in the morning, Monday through Friday,
except for those 40 weeks of year I get vacation, other than that,
this is what is going on here today.
Why won't somebody tell me?
What is it that is going on here today?
See, this is another thing that we got going here.
You think that we had, pushies at the other radio station.
This place, they ought to call this all pussy radio because everybody,
all of them are afraid to talk to me.
They're afraid to, what is that?
What is that?
If I ever gone in a hallway screaming and yelling,
I don't want to mention any names on this radio station about some of our people
that get a little bit temperamental and hysterical,
which now I'm beginning to understand why, by the way,
and I'm on the verge of starting to do it myself.
This is supposed to be a business, Mr. Lindsey, or whatever the hell you're
phony name is you made up this week.
This is supposed to be a freaking business.
You know how it works?
You open your mouth.
I talk to you.
You talk to me.
Somebody tells me something with our numbers that we've had for the last 13 months,
which are better than all the other numbers on this radio station,
and spite of your priorities being all cock-eyed.
And with all the revenue we're bringing in here with spot breaks,
again, we're back to the same old business again,
even though I was lied to about that.
The money is rolling in this joint.
And yet it's kind of like, ah, they're just, we're in the way.
Well, I got news for you, Dufflinzi.
If we're in your way, I'd be real happy to get out of your way.
Okay?
Just call up Naples, have them write me a check.
And I'll be happy to get out of your way.
Because this isn't the way to run a goddamn railroad.
Whatever, whatever it is that's going on here today.
Man.
I just can't die.
I need only work four hours at, yeah, you're right.
Good point.
Okay.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I hear you say something earlier about Phil Hendry,
being on the morning.
Phil Hendry would be doing morning starting February 1st on WQAMS.
Really?
That's a permanent thing?
Are you sure?
How did that happen?
What do you mean how that happened?
We had a whole lot of strength to make that happen.
I've been working for 13 months to get that damn morning show off of here.
I should have known you were behind and you're just not going to get anything done.
That's right.
Thanks, Neil.
Leave it to Neil, man.
All right.
Okay, have a great time.
Two open lines and day two and powered.
Five says they're not bad enough that the other, you know, that I'm sitting here dying today.
That's not bad enough.
All the other good extraneous stuff.
That's just window dressing.
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty in the mobile one line.
We got one line lit on the board.
And then we go right back to the comedors, which I love the comedors.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello?
Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Neil, you got to settle down.
You are going to kill yourself on the air and believe me that's the last thing I need.
I have never worked for people who are so in-aid unable to communicate with people.
Just tell me what's going on here.
What's the game plan?
What are we doing?
What are we going to be doing at 10 o'clock tomorrow?
What is going on in this place?
And they just absolutely effing refuse to do it, sir.
Neil, I feel bad for everything.
I work for crazy people.
Crazy people.
You do?
You do?
I feel like I work that well.
I listen to you every day and all.
How is it possible to be this negligent in your duties?
We got a guy that's making a ton of money.
Walks around with a briefcase every day.
Calls himself the program director and doesn't talk to anybody about anything.
I don't know, Neil.
I can tell you his fit around.
Like I said before, before he finishes saying hello, he's already saying goodbye because he's afraid you might bring something up that he can't answer, which you name it.
He can't answer it.
You're right.
Listen, I call to ask you if you watch Larry King the other night, will Madonna with him?
No.
You think I would watch Madonna?
No.
The president is making a goddamn excuse of the union address that I'm going to watch Madonna?
No.
Well, that was Monday night.
Yeah, that was Monday night.
Now I was watching the hockey game.
Well, Larry King was sitting there with his fit on his face.
Seeing or leaning, listening to Madonna.
And then he moves his fit, the camera pans in, he moves his fit, and on his cheek his knuckle marks were in his face for about a minute.
His face was like a weather catcher's mitt.
You know?
You know, it was just cracking me up.
I've been doing this a long time.
Yeah.
All right, Neil, it was good talking to you.
Thank you.
Calm down.
You're going to be all right.
All right.
It'll be okay.
Is it going to be okay?
No.
Yeah, we'll.
Two open lines a day, two and a grower.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
So watch the stories.
Everything on the control now?
Do we have any, has we have any input as to what's going to be going on here?
Okay, 12, 20, 5 and a half and 5, 60, WQIM.
Seriously, how can you get up in the morning?
Look in the mirror.
And then come in here and take a paycheck.
When you absolutely, positively, absolutely refuse to do those things that you're supposed to be doing.
I just don't get it.
That's a question.
Build the cars in Monica, the China.
All right.
She lets out a giggle.
When he makes an wiggle, Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind.
Welcome.
Put a cigar in her vagina.
She's all mine.
Well, he don't know where a stove giggle.
I can see how there was some confusion between humans or an human horse.
And then Hock and saw the turnseater box.
Mean saw her naked.
Stars reportedly to go in blind.
Now, Clinton, he was working hard late nights in the overy office.
Working on a practical joke.
The top of the machine noodle.
Put an exploding.
Low.
For Monica was blowing rings a smoke.
Builds the cars in Monica, the China.
She lets out a giggle.
Every time he makes a wiggle.
Oh, Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind, but a cigar and herb a china she don't mind.
Or people feel that Hillary's been made a fool of by her husband.
Feel that Hillary was wronged.
Up in the linking bedroom she was born and born and our goal was to win her with bills old bond.
Are you?
Feel the cause of Monica's vagina.
She let's start a game go. Every break and time he makes a wiggle. Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind, but a cigar and herb a china she don't mind.
Or candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and
it and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy or candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and candy and pitcher candy freakin and candy, candy and candy had decide how to get candy and candy and candy and candy. and damn cool
I want to give her blood,
She won't let me.
I want to live first,
We've nothing to fear.
I want to hold her behind,
Close doors more.
I want to give her blood,
She won't let me.
When she returned,
She said she was an actress.
She showed me an album,
A picture of her opening,
When she danced it non-
She claimed to be the queen of she could be.
But I was clear-lessy,
She was the kind of girl
So then hard, then rest on.
I want to give her blood,
She won't let me.
I want to live first,
We've nothing to fear.
I want to hold her behind,
Close doors more.
I want to give her blood,
She won't let me.
Well, I'll never forget,
The cream my dance I'll feel.
We're saying it's sweet,
And we share our tales.
But as my heart flies to leave,
We're behind,
The breath are all high,
Because I got you said,
In the end.
I want to give her blood,
She won't let me.
I want to live first,
We've nothing to fear.
Welcome.
I want to hold her behind,
Close doors more.
I want to give her blood,
There they go.
I want to give her blood,
I want to give her blood,
She won't let me.
I wish we could just one more thing.
We still had a waiting thing.
I wish we could get a 40-year-old thing
That people would actually tune in to watch.
If you're going to see the operation that's gone on here last couple of hours,
And all these guys just had a pack up and go back where they came from.
But they didn't order lunch.
Yeah, they didn't order lunch, baby.
Had to do takeout.
Right back over to Sheridan Street,
To the Bug and Fested,
Because the best laid plan,
Even the best laid plan to my cement don't go well.
But this plan,
Which ain't laid too well by the way.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh man.
Yeah, and this is one of those deals whether or whether to laugh or cry.
So what does this, what does this mean?
Is there really a Santa Claus?
That's what I'm asking.
I mean, does this mean that I don't even ask?
I'm sorry, excuse me.
I'm asking real questions and expecting real answers in this place.
We have two open lives that grow and what a date.
If there's any interest here,
Or we can keep popping music out.
I enjoy that Commodoreist.
Man, I don't know why I hate that song.
I love the Commodoreist though.
56070560,
Pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Here's Fort Myers.
Hello.
Hey, this is Matt.
First time caller, loyal listener.
Yes, sir.
Thanks for helping me do today with your insanity and insanity and entertainment.
You've got it right.
We're appreciation for the episode.
Oh, thank god somebody in Fort Myers appreciates it.
They hate me like poison over here.
Well, that's why we like you.
Because they hate you.
Okay.
You have a poll question about oral sex and sexual relations.
Yes, sir.
What constitutes sex in your mind?
There's oral sex constituted having sex.
In my mind, yes.
But for the purposes of the Paul Jones trial,
the court defined sexual relations as intercourse,
not fallacy or conlingus.
So if the president had answered yes,
that he had had sexual relations with Monica Linsky,
that would have been alive under the definition
as a court mandated that he can go by.
They also said something about whether he tried to arouse her.
And she claims she had four or not not Paula Jones,
Monica had four orgasms.
And that was all whether we're just eating the pizza.
The president should get left and then there are four in a row.
That's right.
Excellent.
Regardless.
He knows how to figure it out.
Regardless of his answer to that question on the perjury issue.
Yes, sir.
It's got to be germane to the outcome of the trial.
Yeah.
He was talking about Monica in a Paula Jones trial.
And the judge, the judge,
the judge, why we said it wasn't material,
but don't confuse the people in the right areas
because they're material guys like Madonna, they're material men.
It was thrown out and not as a result of Clinton's testimony.
Right.
Well, this too shall pass.
We'll get through a pal.
If you were accused of murder and date counting.
Yeah.
And you had witnesses saying you were at a reunion in the Kipsey.
Right.
And they asked if he sat on the edge of the bed and said,
can you eat in the Kipsey?
Yeah.
He said, no.
But you really did.
Yeah.
A lie under oath, but it's not perjury.
Yeah.
You know something.
If I found myself in that predicament,
I probably wouldn't go out and hire a lawyer in a wheelchair.
That's the only thing I would say.
Thanks.
Have a great day.
Okay.
We have it.
I don't want to sound insensitive,
but it's just my personal thing.
I probably would not hire an attorney in a wheelchair,
even if it was the most bomb back.
Which this guy, and I'll kind of, he was okay.
I mean, it would be one thing if he was like Clarence Darrow
in a wheelchair, and was like, oh, sorry, Clarence.
I mean, like the real Clarence Darrow.
And I really dynamic, and forceful, and emphatic, and like, you know,
but this guy's like a slumped over guy in a chair,
keeps dropping a microphone.
We have an open line at Day 2 and Broward.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, prompt 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Boy, I'll tell you one thing.
Will we make it till two today?
This is one of those days when it's really.
The verdict is really up in the year.
Just like our program director, it's up in the year.
Here's Halondale.
Oh, hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doin'?
okay sir uh... appreciate your show
help me make it be today
uh... the answer question here
what was in the guy who comes to country last night on the video
you know the only i think
uh... you talk about the surplus where did the surplus come from the
from the surplus store my effect my family we've got the service
the surplus out in canadae with the york sir
you get the surplus at the surplus store any other questions
to overcome a lot of the winter here i don't want to sit here and have to
play music to a clock on a day that's already one of the worst days in
my life but these people are brain dead
they're brain dead today they got nothing
like i've all i'm a time i said this before either you come in sick or the
world is coming around you are both of the above and the the soccer
audience will they be there no chance those of the days especially
they've heard you like to play like you got buponic plague that they're going
to catch over the phone if they might call
five six seven o five sixty and five five sixty on the mobile one line
cheeses got in joseph how could i possibly what am i doing here
here's for waterdale
for waterdale
new yes sir
yeah i just got to tell you uh...
like a shlap or i think it out and decided i'm getting hell out of this
whole
good for you pal and i'm going back to the case i'm going right back to mean
where the men and the cows are scared but that's besides the point yeah
i really got to tell you i've been here for a year and i've been listening to
the show ever since and you enjoyed the best show in town i don't get on the
eastern seaboard
so i just really appreciate all this and now you know this is the only thing i
listen to all day long and you guys are just great out of this world
no good luck to you thanks i'll see you in banger
uh...
we have an open line the day one and five six seven days going to mean for christmas
you ever see how far north main is on the matter that's way up there
makes canada look like i mean it's way up there
frees your ass off but like you said
i'll always have a little bit of the board and i'll keep company up there
open lines and date and broard five six seven oh five sixty five sixty on the
mobile one line
and i'm three or three thousand in palm beach
i can i never mention that
so they they've conditioned me they bring lost me enough to mention that
because that cost them money they have to pay for it if you're in palm beach
and you call nine three or three thousand if we decide to forward the lines
here's kindle hello
you sure
i got to stop this and i don't think about it
the stupid thing was to
can't have no more three dogs
that's about what
you're what the past about you can't have no more three dogs or you can have one
dog one fish one bird
yeah
how about that
can you have a pocket to
no listen can i make dogs do that when you look either way to the plantation
i have to
so that's the dog bread and you have properties that kick you out of western
let's find the other
all three special dogs
well that's another good reason to stay to hell out of western
is that crap or what yes
communism i can maybe maybe that's filtering down from coral springs
coral springs
you know the blue nose mentality okay we'll go
well feed your dogs two open lines and date five six seven in the summer
who is the one of us five six seven oh five sixty and five sixty on the
mobile one line
is a mobile in Orlando hello
hey deal how you doing
wait going on today i have no idea
okay i'll take us here man
secure a mf and way i'm driving up toward
toward Orlando i'm on the uh hole we got the whole staff from the other
building over there we got clearance in josh in june you're in senior in this
one and dorge is uh you know showing them the ropes and how to run the
board and then all of a sudden like five minutes ago
all right well i didn't go to work we got to pack up everything go back over
the shared in street
i'll tell you man this place that do they have any idea what they're doing
these guys no none none less than none
that at all for first off sure should a great job when uh
yes he did in fact if he wants to finish the week i say more power to him
yeah on Fridays sound real good no problem i don't have a hover over
default shoulder making me a little insecure nervous
i can serve on mr. Pablo very if if i may
Pablo Pablo Pablo Pablo Pablo Pablo Pablo
i'll excuse me um two questions first i
i Pablo
very i was watching an interview last night um i guess it was the um
there was two kings there put their way your own years were one of them yes and
auto was the other i believe yes okay but no no no what's not
should it wasn't i gave it was the game it was the game last week
buffalo in a tent a day buffalo in a lighting was it was when
and it was all last night
all right it was that was the sp and two on the doosh it was the twart game
it's right that i can read the kevry one three to one yes sir
now they were talking they were talking to them regarding to um
um
regarding the Pablo's uh entrance coming in the flower here
what are you calling this man his name is in Pablo
i don't know i'm sorry Pablo yeah Pablo
oh we got to appeal to the whoolios Pablo or burriot
you're right with their connection with him and surge
and surge et cetera uh regarding to some kind of rush and mafia thing
uh sir pain or attention okay don't worry about the rush and mafia
don't worry about him being kidnapped have a great day in a great life it's
12.56 and 5.60 wqa m it's not just the one to two hour
it's a phenomenon
i wasn't all three boy one
you was young and all
my three said to me son
he's like
he's been down underneath
he has been down on my knees
he wasn't got the lip reach who said the lord would be pleased if i got down on my knees
two
nobody knows
what the three said to you
after that time we've grown
you've been falling back into town on my knees
he has been down on my knees
he said you know how sweet come on and back to my knees
i want you down on your knees
father don't do that to see
you
you're one of my sisters for a month
for a month
i wasn't welcome for a month
for a twerk for a day
i don't do that to him
and i'm still not a day i'm on your knees
he has been down on my knees
he was the catch of the creep
who said the lord would be pleased if i got down on my knees
he's father old too old
god it's 102 at 5.60 WQN
Hank's coming up at two from Shula State too
the most you'll be here briefly at six o'clock
because we got the pregame show seven o'clock tonight
and the panthers at the island are seven thirty this evening
how about we're gonna play do we know about it?
no probably not
we have two open lives and day two and broward pretty weak here today all day
long at least they've been consistent unbelievably weak
as in no response to anything you name it and they want to talk about it
no they don't five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
they got that studio all set up over there
okay here's Miami hello
hi Neil how you doing? the worst the absolute worst day of my life sir
today is today January 20th 1990 nine
the worst day of my career i'm gonna mark that down and
mark it on your calendar pal put a big circle around it
well you know that you didn't stick around to listen to that
republican response last night of course not
well that hockey games to watch i know but i you know that well i would have
watched that well that's part well no it is not the best part listening to
to Steve large and well that guy was historical you should have heard what he said
he said um first he said that he had to be grateful because this country
insists on to the protection of god oh yeah there we go again
and then in the next year in the next breath he says and he's glad that the
president is going to authorize more defense spending so we can buy more
so we can bomb the hell out all those uh commie pinkos right i mean who needs
missiles if we have god right well that's like the best missile you're not
supposed to ask these questions oh well well you know you're the only
mature voice speaking on one radio with intelligence
yeah could i could i have a quick request no two fart noises and a great day bye
we have two open lines in date five six seven
in five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the
there's another report eighteen T wireless line just because i'm but you know
i'm actually thank god i played that long uh... connoisse uh... ten times a
lady that was for a program directed by the way that was a special
dedication
your hundred times a lady
there is the most and it's not only him i mean he's just uh... you know another
cog in its uh... cracked up wheel that keeps clunking along down the road
starts right at the top anybody seeing him lately you know you know i was
thinking while i was playing that record i was thinking of myself of the first
days that we were on here here after all the arguing and gnashing all the
studio won't be ready and relied and then we finally legally had a force
to get this uh... this uh... and makeshift piece of crap ready
and gets who takes off and goes out of town during our first days on here all
the tv stations big newspaper stories nea rogers returns to the air after seven
month absence
greg reed leaves to go to chicago for uh... weaker ten days
finalists jellic and bc that's the way people operate when they live here a lot
then they make it hard to find them they don't return your phone calls
then they go out of town because they're fearing the worst assuming that there'll
be a technical nightmare
was there a technical nightmare here of course every day for a month
was he here to do anything about it now
i mean you know you can count you're up in your mind what a great radio genius you
are what a uh... mover and shaker you are in all of the federal it's a you're not
falling the okay it doesn't impress me
i can buy my own meals in root case okay i'd it doesn't impress me the least bit
when i see that a by and and and worried let us and we're in the fat city over here
we've had the luxury of working in the least semi-real studios the last thirteen
months where some of those people in the other building on churn street had
been working in a literal toilet some of them for years
and now they're they're dragging out all that stuff that most stations in
america with the troll out that we just don't know dumpster they're shlaping that
over here and that's the reason for all this confusion chaos because they have
to set it up upstairs and they're new uh...
whatever those are
to me new studios indicate no equipment not just a room new paint rooms with
the view new paint paint room with the view excellent sports bar with a
microphone paint rooms with the view
here's a mobile and willow manners hello i do nil great
sounds like you already in travel to grow a day time zones today
yeah that that taking a rest that's right they need a eight day rest
taking time off
um...
uh... probably very popular
pop-up or a popular burrito
yeah pop-up burrito
later what did he say
what he said i didn't know i did what he said
we have an open line in the day one and brought five six seven oh five
sixty and five five sixty under eighteen two world's on whatever he said
here's a mobile and four buyers hello
hey nil i do on long time listener enjoy your show down here
you hear what he said there at the end had no idea i think
uh... wanted to get a part of your poll yes
you had a poll question i didn't hear the whole thing they were from my
poll mister uh... the poll question is do you consider all sex as having sex
absolutely not i think we have sex when you actually have to kiss them
one and have empathy that's right i never thought about that you certainly
don't have to kiss somebody to have all sex no there you go very good point
we're not you want to be up there instead of the guy in a wheelchair
i'm sure you're down here and i wish you could uh... play a little bit more
of uh... lotion in a basket okay
and have a great day sir that's a run on west coast they love me over there
they hate me and they didn't rower but in the west coast they don't only
well enough you have to hate me it puts the lotion in the basket
we have an open line in date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
on the eighteen t wireless line how it places the lotion in the basket
here's a mobile in del rei beach hello
nail yes sir uh... you know i've been here in your station with that
advertising for the phone service a limited phone for two hundred dollars a
month and i don't know the name of it can you give it an answer i want to get it
mobile one hobo hobo hobo hobo hobo hobo hobo hobo hobo hobo hobo
as an masturbate mobile model model one now he catches on yeah mobile one you want
the number yeah please i don't know what the number is just a moment one
model please one triple one one one eight one what am i given triple eight one
eight hundred right phone p h o n e
right got it got it m one m one okay thanks real
that's m as in mutilation i got it okay thank you
okay i see that's another interesting thing see you could have told George
for that but George doesn't have a list of the phone numbers of the sponsors
which is just another minor thing we give us billion people call and George
all the time because if they call the switchboards over the aren't sure the street they say
uh...
they don't know what they're talking about any switchboard here right called a
switchboard upstairs a k k k k k k so you know
no speaking lays up here is anyway i'm a trouble maker for us and for George you
know as our general manager no less speaker the devil wouldn't be we we really need
a list of the numbers we had it every other station we've ever worked at so that
when people call since we're supposed to be doing a job for the sponsors
we can give them the phone number the address well whatever information
the audience wants because that's part of servicing the client
and Greg's response was uh...
nine minutes after one at five sixty wq a and if you
don't know the fact for one night only in folk
or it's on central silver and she he'll retirement
on the association proudly present the one group taking
senior citizen by storm the old spice girl
so you know what i'm all for i really want to
i forget
all your favorite old spice girl then get to spend some time with them
and look
oh my god
my feet are
what i see pictures of my grandkids
gonna take a nap
young spice girl
if you want to be my lover
you have to pay attention to him
more fun than a madlock marisa
one fourteen and five sixty wq and i think i'll do chucks for lunch today
that's not from our friends over the seven center on the corner four forty one
and uh... i've very well
i beg your pardon
you got to have big ones to do this show mister
yeah i have my meatballs and cheese and i need my atkins that was very
pressing news i read at the beginning of the show which maybe you didn't
hear not going to repeat it again
about how you're fat your body becomes ten times more uh... retinitive of
fat
if you go into ketosis so if you do the atkins i think the best deal is to just
to be satisfied to lose it slowly as opposed to really going into pierkey
to see which is a good for a four-year-first place
because then your body becomes just uh... more adapted that when you do
start the bat stuff again just just gobbling it up there and hanging on to
the fad in it and making you a fat as a pig in a no time that's the answer for
it's right there in baryce's book
here's my amie hello hello nio yes sir
and a much of a year on the point see
in the world's time being
see
either great
all right see this uh... your poll question is uh... of course not he get in a
blow job is not having sex how do you like this you see i think this if they
would have just taken a survey if they would have read the journal the
american medical association or talk to this audience they would discover this
is always the time
you're right well god bless you sir okay bye bye and go find some i love you
annie closing
of his skiing
that's only yet
war team
ed
if the Great anda nel
arrived averter

talked
a pair of
uh...
swine
self speaking had a lot for
We have an open line at day 5 6 7 0 5 60 that this thing today this was just
Astronishing it had to be here to see it to believe it and you wonder why I'm getting psychotic
These poor guys they're running around here like somebody knows what the hell is going to course by the way is our program director here to kind of like be involved in or
Supervised this no
Kind of reminds me when we were moving out of IOD over to Paxon and
And the PD was like I locked in a room somewhere on the floor with a bottle in one hand and got only knows what else he had in his other hand
Yeah
Yeah, and all of a sudden I could we come in and we're working morning noon and night to get that to go ready to go on to the Paxon building
Come in one evening to do some work and there we are sitting in the PD's office with his feet up on the desk
Like wow, I'm actually here, which he didn't expect to be
Yes, Dave. Hey, yeah, yeah, here's Dave
They want you they want you. Yes, Dave. They want you to briefly
What a business man. I keep telling you people you think I'm joking you think I do it for comic effect
Don't get near this business don't not just don't get in this business don't get near it
Here's a mobile and Delray Beach hello
Hey, deal. Yes, sir. As far as putting the party goes is that is personal attorney?
Is that a white house attorney? He's got a whole bunch of them. No, he's a personal term
Well the guy looks like it's not even so much that he's in a wheelchair, but he looks like a
Look at I saw him. I thought he was a public defender. Yeah, I couldn't believe it
Well, maybe he works cheap. You know couldn't get a pay all that money to Paula. That's very possible
One more thing the police got Gregory Craig is up there as we speak right now the White House special counsel Gregory Craig
He's up there now. How can I try?
They're gonna get the things that don't get it over with yeah, good. No, let's get out of the important stuff
Right like the pole the pole itself. Yes, sir
At all these guys that are saying a blowjob is insects right after now they feel if their wife was if their wife was down her knees blowing everybody
You know at night. Excellent point. That's gonna be part of the poll. Thank you. All right
No, a blowjob isn't sex when you're getting it
Are you following this now? Okay when you're getting it is not sex so Bubba wasn't having sex because he was getting it
Squirt squirt so to speak that that's a very good point there now if it happens to be your wife or girlfriend or both of the above who are giving it then
There could be a little problem
Could be a sticky situation
We have an open line and date one and brown and five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
But the guy before he made a very good point and that is you have to kiss somebody before you have sex
Well, not necessarily, but you would think so that that would go along with it a little lip action in their summer
Here's a mobile in sunrise. Hello
Hello, yes, sir. Neil. Yes, I am
I hope this answers your poll. Yes, but if the cigar don't fit you gotta quit
If the cigar don't spit don't fit don't fit then you have to a quick. Okay. Thanks Johnny
We have an open line and brown one and date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
I mean here's a country here is supposed to be the greatest country in this f-thup world of ours
Where people are slaughtering each other. I love last night by the way
When he talked about Kosovo and the guy I think that got the biggest innovation next to
Next to a Sammy Sosa, which rhymes kind of sound like Kosovo
Got the biggest deviation from everybody nonpartisan last night because naturally we want to make it appear
That we're really very concerned about all those people who are being slaughtered over there
And I was reading over the weekend about the 500th article that I've read about how all these cliches
You know after the Holocaust never again never again
How could how could good people sit by and watch these things have and of course it goes on every day
In Ethiopia and all over Africa I mean
All over what used to be you were Slavio, which is now just a slaughterhouse
We have the pictures on CNN
We're looking at it. We're looking at the body. They show us a picture of that kid crying there
I can't imagine why his crying his whole family's lying there dead
Let's try to figure that out they all been slaughtered
Go sound every day. So don't give me this bull crap about wow
We know that was the one thing you said that I you know in the reaction. We just so so plastic so phony
We're not doing a goddamn thing about it
And as soon people are dying being slaughtered butchered every day and the rest of the world as long as we got our cans of
Chef Boyardy Ravioli and whatever else we want we sit back and hey screw him, you know, that's the way the world works
And if Hitler wouldn't have threatened the in this country, you know, and if him in the jabs would have said
Okay, we'll leave you guys alone. We just want all of Europe and Asia whatever's over. Okay, go ahead
We wouldn't have given a crap
They just left that Weinstein Churchill guy alone. No, who knows what would be going on now
We're just singing a dutchland uber alas. Are we already are here's Davy? Hello
They need to know how you do it pretty good sir. What does it say? Oh
Uh your book question of blowjob is not considered sex
That's not as my opinion right there
That's not my off-girlfriend relationship
Uh, well, no, but wait a minute. What if your girlfriend is giving one to somebody else?
I'll talk first back to her order
Hey deal. Yeah, I wasn't say as a registered independent that after I see the rest of you address
I was really impressed on a
President Clinton having say me so for them in the big Congress
I was really impressed that which caught up. He's got my support right there
You know, you hit about half the picture like Sammy social held a lot better than Steve Lardson. I think that's better for you
You don't have the plantation acres yesterday. No about that
Um, uh, rb artist of um, I forgot saying errant hall yellow dog over there. Oh one errant hall rb artist
No, what's called is the plantation acres? He had what's called up?
Was the committee about was it a
28-part dogs that were left unattended most of the repeatables
Yeah, yeah, what's called um, and uh, you know, maybe now this is this the same as the guy that was talking to tell me about western
Maybe he was confused before the west that was in western. I'm doing as that's a dude
That's what I do with our plantation. He's another story
Well, the most of the blippers are stuff that was a bigger he would be charging big negligence because of
The person who was hired to take take care of the dogs that are here like days. Oh
Yeah, yeah, I was unbelievable
He's asked out of the acres and anybody that messes around with dogs can't be in the acres
I'll tell you right now. Grun and dog kick him out plus most of the dribbles
I think they should live with the breeding of pit bulls because they're serious animals man
All right, yeah, take it easy, but see him. Maybe they can play in the NBA
If they're serious animals. How's the tree doing by the way?
Damn it. We almost had him we
We have an open line and date one and proud, huh? I'd like to see you know
I'd like to see I'd like to see Pat Riley with latrine spree wells hands right around his neck
That move that moves some of that hair out of place a little bit
One thing you got to meant whether your sports fan or not this town Jimmy Johnson would have hair that never moves
That big white quaff that he's got and pat Riley would that grease down slick back with a hair never moves
They may not have the best teams in the world, but they got the best god damn hair that we can slick back
Maybe that's why rumors trying to do that thing now. You notice them on those go you know, you know watch it
Yeah, he's got like eight here is he just greases them all back
Watch he put in getting a haircut. I guess here's Miami Lakes. Hello
Hey, the new yes, sir. What is the George concerned if I'm a faggot enough for Miami Lakes?
What is George's concern? Yeah, I mean he's asking me you look faggot for Miami Lakes. Are you the faggot for Miami Lakes?
Maybe yeah
And what can we do for you? Why do you keep calling the show and bothering George? What do you want?
Well, Tom, what do you want to talk about? Well, I mean, I want to know why
No, no, what do you want to talk about? What do you want to talk about?
Well, I want to talk about the poor first of all. Yeah, now
You're giving all sex you consider it sex when you're giving a guy blowjob you consider it sex. No, it's not sex. Okay. Thank you
We have an open line in Broward to to indeed fight well at least he was honest about it for Christ sakes
Right? He said when he's given his boyfriend or some stranger a blowjob that it's not sex. It's just uh, he's being friendly
He said it's the Hispanic effin ways what he said
Two open lines indeed five six seven oh five fifty pound five sixty. This is what you call
Delayed reaction. I asked the bull question like about three and a half hours ago three hours ago
When that great article by Ellen Goodman and the here oldest morning technical sex well great column
On a real survey done by the
Merrer somebody who writes an American medical
Association journal the jama who got canned for putting the article in because they claimed they were mixing politics with science and medicine
60% of the college students said that a blowjob is not sex or all sex is not sex and 18% of the people in the survey said that
Amos sex is not sex
How do you like them apples how do you like that? I'm not bad
I don't get it in the son of the words it probably is like if I give you a salami sandwich, okay
And you say to me that's not a salami sandwich. It's a hamburger and I say to you
It's two slices of bread and there's slices of salami inside and you say yeah, it's a hamburger
I mean if you decide it's a hamburger who the hell might argue with you right?
I
I guess it depends on so if there's like two cheeks. I'm sorry
Don't start with the two cheeks in the salami. Okay, it's too close for lunch time. You've blown too much. You're in trouble
Chelsea
Talking on a boy show
Trying to be my show
Your voice sounds just like a
year old girl
A little foretold show
What else are you
Do
Talking like a baby
Who needs a little training
Why can't you understand
You don't sound like a prince
Oh
Time
Galaxy
You're lightly manifest
The
One
Who sounds like that should find another job
And they should only take you back when both your babies drop
Oh, Kelsey, Kelsey, when you're gone and grow up
You make a plant and grow up
You silly, squeaky, blue
Ghosts and broads have big shoes
Your pretty, stupid, good boy
Thank you, now I fly, but you're on top
Okay
135.50 WQM, so this guy's pretty good
Gregory Craig, who's White House President, Council
Who's in the grand jury
This dynamic has been unfair to the president
We're at number six
With the charge and grant
Let me just try to pick these guys
There are many more fails in the...
...so God they're better than I was
But anyway, at least we got a guy, first of all, that's like a little more animated
Again, I don't want to sound insensitive, but it just strikes me as the guy was very
...promptu and in the wheelchair and like lurch
He looked like lurch
He looked like lurch in a chair, you know, I kept dropping a
...lavelier mic on the floor, I just... I don't know
Maybe they wanted to start out with that guy and work up to the good stuff
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale, hello
Mobile in Fort Lauderdale, yes sir
Hey, how are we doing with it, Neil?
All right
Um, if you want to let you know, I'm finally doing it
I'm pulling up, moving out of this
...bone marrow sucking town
Yeah
Moving a southern Utah
These are so close to Vegas to plunge my brains
There you go, but don't let the Mormons know you're plunge in your brains
...and although they do like spend a lot of time in Vegas for some reason
There's some cute blonde Mormons out there
Yeah
Not bad, not bad
Yeah, so I just want to let you see
You're young, said you
So, before I go
We can't get sick of it
Okay, good luck pal
Yes, a matter of fact, thank God that they're going to have the Olympics in 2002 in the city where the honesty is, uh, you know
Where the Mormons are, Salt Lake City where they wouldn't be driving people, you know
Where everything could be on the up and up in Salt Lake City
There's good honest morons are
How many of you, maybe they were wearing their magic underwear too tight
Maybe that's why they started giving all those brides out
We have an open line in day one in Broward, 56670560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's Halondale, hello
Hello
Yes sir
Oh hi, Neil
I enjoy your program, I find it very entertaining and informative
Yes
I have a very good question first and then we'll get to the blowjob question
Yes
You mentioned about your blood pressure, you took something for it and the blood pressure dropped down
And you were able to cut the amount of medication you had taken
Oh, forget about that
That was that grape seed extract, forget about it and coax you 10
And I think that's what made me sick
Uh-oh, it made you sick
Give me the flushes, I still got flushes
Oh, I shouldn't use it
No, don't do it please
Oh, good
Okay, therefore I'll give you my opinion on the blowjob
Yes sir
Yes
Blowjob's about sex
And all these guys that have been paying for sex and blowjob, they've been getting screwed
They've been getting short-changed
They've been getting short-changed
Don't say they've been getting screwed, they have been getting screwed, but they've been getting short-changed
Okay, God bless you sir, it's like a son and say how does Sonny Rosenberg
We have an open line of date, blood and power, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line
I think what they're trying to say is that
Most people like young people, like virgins, which there must be one or two left in the world over the age of 12
Virgins will say, I haven't had sex yet
And I, you know, and that means they haven't had sexual intercourse
Doesn't mean they haven't masturbated or they haven't had oral sex
Giving or receiving
But, especially if they're in the church, you know, Christians play that game a lot
Do they really? Oh yeah, we did
Play what game a lot?
There's no fact in the church
Oh that game?
No, what game are you talking about?
It's a man-ticks game
And see, that's the interesting part of it is
They say he's the one that's playing a semantics game
Baba
With, it depends on what is, is, and was, was, and what, what, and we, we, and that stuff, you know
And of course, he was playing a semantics game
Because he's trying to get off the hook because she had her, whatever, wherever they had it
Okay? Because what about heavy petting?
What about heavy petting? Is that sex?
Is a hand job asked your dog, I don't know
Here's a mobile implantation, hello
Neil
Yes sir
My opinion on the DJ poll
Yes
I think it definitely is sex
It is sex
Yeah, but more importantly, I think I've been in Bill and Monica
I would say the biggest opinion is probably Hillary
What does she think?
What does she think? What do you think he was getting it from her? Hillary thinks that fads what she thinks?
She won't be mad
That's the right
That's right
And I agree with the guy who said that the, the, the Catholic girls or the Christian girls
They'll do anything other than, you know what?
Other than intercourse, yes
Right, and say, and say that there's the never had sex
Yeah, but you know something that raises an interesting point though
Because you can give all the blow jobs in the world and do all the other stuff
And if you never had intercourse, you're still a virgin
Right
Right, there you go
And that's the way that's correct how they justify it
Oh, thank you, love
And everything
So there you go, so I guess the bottom line is it's good to get in that Catholic church
There's a lot of stuff going on
The girls are virgins but they're doing all kinds of stuff
And then the priest, of course, if the girls won't put out
The priest will always let you help in hand or whatever
All you guys out there
We have an open line in Broward 567-0560 and Pompi
There's a fact in the community
And T wireless line
Boy, how much
Hey, thank you, Chuck
God bless you, you're a great American
Chuck from the sub-center just brought by my lunch
And looks like George got a little 20 or 30 big sandwiches in there too
Here's a mobile and Kendall, hello
Yeah, hi, you just beat me to the point
You're the point about the about the virgin
Yeah, that's a good excellent point
I dated four girls so back in my youth that
They all claim to be virgins
But they all performed the oral sex
They had a good head on their shoulders
Yes, they did
Right
And it's like you said, it's semantics
If you took a hypocrisy to the point of view
To the other thing, they all say they were virgins
And keep in mind it was Newt Gingrich's dead love the oral sex
Because then he could say he never slept with a bitch
Well, there you go
Okay, and have a great day
Okay, and by the way, George wants some of those numbers
We have an open line here
Come on, all new Catholic girls out there
That are good virgins that are being real religious
Like the virgin Mary if it was good enough for her
It's good enough for you
And how many times have I tried to tell you that
There's all different kinds of ways to slice to me
You know what I'm talking about
If you're just just like Joyce Lent Elder says on that thing
And by the way, what a funny name that is, Joyce Lent
But just like she says
There's more different ways
That's why they have those TV spots and Amsterdam
Right there on the right over public TV
And there's the teenage boy
And the teenage girls sit inside by side
And they're masturbating together
Is what they're doing
Oh my god
I mean, all the way to
Scored Scored Closion
Yes, right over your TV set
And they're saying, hey guess what
There's other ways to, you know
Now can you see that?
Like on Channel 7 News tonight
Rick Sanchez
And what's the name of the funny eyes
Mitchell, Maryland, Mitchell
No, I can't see that
Get a 90 share, I guarantee you that
Here's a mobile in Miami
Hello
Gone
Okay, that must have been Rick right there
I recognize the sound
Here's Delray Beach
Hella
Hella
Here's a four-law to Dale
Hello
Hey, Neil
Yes sir
I have the abbreviations from the American Heritage Desk
Dictionary
Dictionary, yes
Sexual
Love or involving the union of male and female sex cells
And relations
Feelings or associations with others
I don't know what that means
Association with others like any Elks or the
The Lion Club
I guess
I guess
But I think that
Giving the BJ is sexual relation
But I still think that they ought to let the guy go
And let him run the country
Okay
All right, I got you down
Yes and bye
Two open lines and Broward
5 6 7 0 5 60
Palm 5 60
And I think the bottom line there
They're all cheering Hillary
You know she's the big hero now
She's going to run for Senate from New York or wherever
Well, why is she the big hero?
If she would have been servicing her man properly
We wouldn't have had all this business
We wouldn't have had all the BJs in the White House
We wouldn't have had no mess on the dress
We wouldn't have all this crap going on right now
All of the networks like it a lot
Especially MSNBC
And CNN and CNBC
They love it
They're sucking it up big time
Figure that Monica ever did
But if Hillary would have been a good,
Beautiful wife that you know
That knew how to service her husband properly
And knew that it was not just the Oval Office
But also the Oro Office as well
We wouldn't have to go through all this
We wouldn't have to go through all this crap
But almost 50, 60 million dollars now
Gotta be a hell of a lot
I mean how much you think all these impeachment proceedings are costing
We're talking tens of millions and millions of dollars
Because the president wasn't getting done properly by his wife
By the ice princess for 14 years they hadn't done it by the way
Anything
21-2
And by the way, hasn't anybody told Hillary
That women's smoking cigars now is in
You know she's a little bit on the uh
Slow side
This is the most disgusting program
I urge everyone to complain to this station
Anyone been over a chair
But the same to me
Outside of something hanging down there
Their back is all I can see
If you're just a little bit too tight for me
I'll use some KY Kelly inside of me
What's the matter who you do
If they can't see you
When they're taking it off the tube
Anyone been over a chair could be a girl or a guy
As long as there's not too much hair
And it should feel fine
Every time I see a brown eyes
My life is riding from behind
And then and inside
It's the only thing that tricks me down
From getting hot
Is when the other ones fart
Been over the chair
I don't care if it's your legs apart
And over the chair
I don't care if it's your legs apart
145 at 560 WCM
So when we come to a conclusion we took a survey today
Even better than that jama survey
And almost unanimous we had one to center
Virtually everyone who called here today said that
A oral sex was not sex
And anal sex is not sex
Only vaginal intercourse is sex
Other than that have a good time
Great letter to the editor
Do you read this?
Maybe I'll save it
Here's my me lake
Hello
Hey, how's it going?
Okay, sir
I just wanted to, you know, you can add another two votes
To that survey because I had a little story
You might get a kick out of
When I was right at a high school
It was about 10 years ago
I used to
I guess you could see a squirrel around with this girl
And uh
She wouldn't
We wouldn't have sex
She wouldn't want to go all the way
Because she had a boyfriend
And she thought guilty
But I need to say
I got below jobs left and right
And it was like
That was okay with her
We're getting considered a sex
Yeah
So, you know, yeah, that's
I've seen that a lot
A lot of people don't think that
As long as you're not, you know, going all the way
As long as you're not sex
There's only one thing to say about that
Ow
See you later, Neil
Okay
Right
I think you guys out there
All of some gratitude
Okay, in fact, you owe Bubba
He's the one that invented this
At least in public
Just tell these uh
These will these been votes
They want to stay virgins
Okay, but a little oral sex
That's not sex
That's just messing around a little bit
We have an open line in Broward to Indeed
56670560.560
On the 18T wireless line
Now, I don't want to ask you the question about
What's going to happen tomorrow
No, seriously, because I'm planning on being very, very ill
At about 730 tomorrow calling you and saying
Oh, I don't think I'm going to make it in there
All depending on what's good
Because I anticipate total and utter chaos over here
And like somebody asked me only minutes ago
What's the big hurry here
What's the reason for all this chaotic rush
And people running back and forth with cartons full of crap
And running back over there with cars
I mean, are they being evicted from the other building
No
I mean the only possibility is the other building being condemned and torn down
That would make sense to me
Yes
But that unfortunately is not happening
So it's not like there's some major emergency
Especially after they've stalled these people off and lied to them
For I don't know how many years
About being in new studios
There's no emergency
They think it actually take their time and do it right
But hey, you're getting a little bit too pushy now
You're getting carried away
Here's for Lauderdale
Hello
Neil
Yes sir
I have to say that I can't hear you
I have to say that I disagree with everyone
I think that a blowjob is definitely a form of sex
I think unless you consider sex a just a vaginal intercourse
I think everything
Even masturbation is a form of sexual
Oh, no
By yourself
Uh huh
So and Peter were up
Peter were else probably giving the blowjob right now down in the miners actually
Okay, I always said he blew and there's a guy with the agrees with me
By the way there's some interesting
We'll begin to those stories about Peter were on days to come
Maybe a little more than meets the eyes to why he's not here
But we'll begin to those
We have an open line in day one at groward
5 6 7 0 5 60
Palm 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Oh, it's Rodney off
Oh
She can get on her knees and do what she likes
All right
She can do you in high heels with six inch high spikes
You'd like her to do with you what she has underneath
Stank her butt like a child
Cause she's always a call girl
The meaning
She's
Under covers with style
She's a cute lonely star
She'll take you first to know
Check that's the card or your visa
She'll call up your wife if you can say her
She's
She'll blackmail your blind
But she's always a call girl to me
Oh
Oh
How long have you got the cash
She will make it if you want
You'll be first in her life
Oh
You'll see it always what's out
When you only want it
But she's watching the time
She can care politicians with candid affection
As I say in Chinese you might lose any reaction
Why are front page and tabloids on her shopping spree
Label her first class hooker
But that's the right call girl to me
