This is Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale.
Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil
called 560 560 toll free for date and brarrot or pound 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil is guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily
reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisition or the easily brought down.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
This is your home and the voice of the Toronto May beliefs.
They don't come any better than Neil Rogers.
There is some of the past in front of the net.
Brass trying to get a shot and it was like another shot.
The better than...
The worst!
The gay bar is on, has scored for Toronto on the power play.
59.2 seconds and this place has become a war.
Well, alright!
What's that?
Oh!
My ain't it's...
Oh!
My ain't it's...
Yeah!
My ain't it's...
My ain't it's...
My ain't it's...
My ain't it's...
My ain't it's...
My ain't it's...
My ain't it's...
My ain't it's...
My ain't it's...
Hi kids!
You all like cut little fingers?
That funny little sound that comes right out your finger?
One of coffee me and two exactly like I do.
Get paid for writing little songs about boo-hoo!
My brains are gone.
I'm trying to get my groove on.
But I can't figure out which spot's girl I'm gonna fart on.
Hey Dr. Dreass!
Yo, man, you passed kids.
What do I smell ass?
Man, you low-quick.
Well since age 12 it seemed like I always smelled like
thought dripping gasses and dooties was pretty swell.
I got pissed off when I took my jeans off
and bought it so hard it turned my love to a backwards like Chris Croft.
And every night I'm like, oh, dinner's bad.
Then one at my ass passed into a fancy two-a-two fast.
Smell this honey.
Yo, just wait a minute, Mr. Girl, don't give a fuck.
God sent me to think for world up.
My ain't it's...
My ain't it's...
My ain't it...
My ain't it's...
My ain't it's...
My ain't it's...
You can see you wanna me kick down back in junior high.
Yeah, the problem was something cold up my ass and died.
I shot him in the face with my vapor.
The worst happened later when I covered his desk with yous toilet paper.
Walk in the stress club. My intestines were filled up.
Moons of bartenders took a dump at a tip club.
Went over to a dancer, had a fuck in her garter.
She lifted a leg up and I knew she was a pharter.
99% of my life I would lie to.
I just found out my mom got more gas than I do.
I told her I broke up to be a famous rapper.
Like a rapper about strange noise that she made on the crap.
You know you was dirt when the women rushed to leave.
She tried to hold it back but she wasn't even released.
This guy on white gas and said it was pretty cool.
But I had to go. Go drop the kids off and move.
My ain't it's...
My ain't it's...
My ain't it's...
Oh!
My ain't it's...
Oh!
My ain't it's...
My ain't it's...
My ain't it...
My ain't it's...
Oh!
Well, for the very good we're just starting today.
That's so much crap.
Man, I am loaded with these crap.
Plus I'm coming out of the cold, boss.
I felt great every day of my vacation.
I come back to town yesterday afternoon and here this morning.
George has got a cold.
Vokabran has got a cold.
Greg Reed, who is perpetually sick in every possible way ever to discuss.
He comes in and he's got a red nose like Sandy Claus.
He's got a cold.
And I'm coming down.
I feel like I can scratch it right now.
But that's okay because now did you go through these on the air on the Friday or what?
We hit the highlights.
Hello.
There we are.
Yeah.
Yeah, just the highlights.
The highlights of what?
Well, the morning had a great book and Hank had a gigantic, enormous book which will tell you why in a second.
And we went through the absolute room on this show.
Yeah, it was good.
And I see some very serious bonus money in the wings here is what I see now.
Yeah, overall QA number two in the 2554 just missing out the number one of that goddamn big.
Which other than Howard has got nothing on his station.
No, but nevertheless.
6.6, number two, then 2554 here on QA and overall.
In fact, if the Marlins would maybe have one or more to two more games, we might actually have an audience there at night.
Which we don't.
They actually went up a little bit at night, but not too much.
6 to 10 AM, 5, 2 to a 5, 8.
Nice going guys.
It was a little deeper when I hauled this morning.
I keep ripping you guys.
You'll be up to an 8-year in no time.
That's what it's all about.
I'm telling you right now.
I don't want to take any credit for it, but I will anyway.
Just keep ripping these guys in ass and all of a sudden it becomes like almost listenably.
You know, see what the hell are going to do next.
Midday, look at that.
From a 9 in the fall book from a 9.0 to a 10.7.
And that's from 10 to 3.
And with all due respect to the fat one there in the afternoon, we had a gigantic book.
With all due respect to Hank.
That means we did over an 11-year in men.
2554, number one by a country mile, baby.
How do you like that?
Nice going.
Thank you.
You have a great trip.
Yes.
I'm going to talk about doing your business on a train, by the way.
You ever done any business on a train?
What kind of business?
Either you, I'm not talking about sex.
This isn't some kind of filthy perverted sexual like you were doing with Joe last week when I was away, you know?
Thank God that I'm back to bring this show back to a little bit of class.
Instead of this perverted sex crap, rubbing people's feet and broads running around here with their boobs hanging out.
You thought this was the goddamn Ron and Ron show from what I'm hearing.
And how are they doing, by the way?
Yeah.
So anyway, afternoons, the Humper.
Look at this.
Just rising from the ashes.
Just when everybody had counted him out for whatever reason.
And I told him, stop doing those stupid press conferences.
Stop playing those long, boring, ponderous press conferences on a year, Hank.
You'll be back up there in no time at all.
From a 5.1 to a 7.2.
You know something, that's 3 to 7.
So you know that 6 to 7 hour with all apologies to Fat Booge, which by the way, is he still that fat?
Did we ever get the thing on the end of the building?
No, I wonder why, or they can't get him in.
Maybe they'll lower him in with a crane through the roof.
Like they do with air conditioning units.
Maybe they'll lower him in through the roof on these.
We can put him on that meat scale.
See who wins the pool.
And whatever happened to the cash in that pool, by the way, if we can't get him in the building.
What, whatever happened to the cash that was in the kitty?
I get it all.
Okay.
Well, there's George's bonus.
Oh, is there about 20 bucks in there?
7.0, that's between 3 and 7.
I bet you Hank did like about an 8 share in men.
That may just be his biggest book ever on the station.
You think so?
Uh-huh.
Nice going, Air Fatso.
Hank will be on from Shula State to this afternoon.
And even at night time, we went up a little bit.
But I started the same moment to go.
One of the reasons I don't want to take anything away or pee on Hank's parade.
Because everybody on the station did real well.
Even nights went up a little bit and spread those great marlin.
But the real reason is the secret weapon here.
And you know who pointed this out this morning?
Which, of course, I hadn't looked at this that much yet.
I just got my fan ass back in town.
The real secret weapon we got going is.
That's the weapon right there.
She's the one, baby.
What did I tell you about that whole deal, huh?
They went up nicely in the morning and Rick had putt.
I mean, they went up just like I said nice enough so that it was a meaningful number.
Like from a 0.9 in men in the last book to a 2.8.
Which I mean, 2.8 isn't spectacular.
But for that state, it's gigantic.
So just exactly what I predicted, they would do well.
They would certainly do much better than your favorite John Ford.
That piece of crap.
And whatever the other swill was they had in the morning on their 50,000-watt guide damn station.
Nice going, Pete Bosure. You jackass.
You simple then.
Dispised and hated by all.
They hate you like plays and they wish you crook a wicked death.
And then come back and do it again.
They don't want you to die just once.
They want you to die. Come back to life. I get like Jesus.
Born again. Die again. Die again.
You know, and that's it. Never stop.
You know what I'm saying?
She did a number and she dropped right to the old jail.
If you look at the bottom of your bowl right now,
you may even look see something that resembles Brooke.
Especially if you just had like badmola grits this morning.
Look at the bottom of your bowl and you'll see something that looks exactly like Brooke, the battling Brooke.
She had a number and they have to know they're having a search party to find that goddamn number.
That's how bad it was.
I'll tell you what it is right now as a matter of fact.
I won't keep you in suspense because I'm sure that you want to like fall on the floor and laughter.
When you hear from what Rick and Sud's did in the fall.
Just what I predicted too, by the way, and I'm going to you.
Yeah, from a 5.1 share in men, men 25 54.
That's our demo that we care about, okay?
From a 5.1 in the fall book with Rick and Sud's to a 1.9.
With a battling Brooke, you figure that out, okay?
What is that? Two turds?
Yeah, she lost two turds.
Unbelievable. Nice going, Peter.
Where the last great hope for this town is WQAM.
I'll tell you that right now. That's why we went through the roof on the whole station.
The people in this town finally got their act in gear.
They finally understood that the last great hope you've got for anybody who's spickening lays in this town
who's lighter than the thing of charcoal.
This is the only place you got, baby. This is it.
Even if you can't stand Jill, these voice, what do I tell you about how great that morning show was going to do tonight?
Oh, yeah.
He's the secret goddamn weapon.
They keep tuning in every morning to see if he's still on the air.
It's goddamn, he's still on there.
Yeah, he's still on. That's right.
And they can't turn it off. They're astonished. They can't believe it.
He's still on there, making most sounds.
Then we got the guy in the middle of the day. He's making those sounds.
And then we got the guy in the afternoon who's making those sounds.
And the guy like after him was making even bigger like, yeah, sound.
I'm just all worked up. Ten minutes after ten to five, 60 WQAM.
If you worked up about, like with an appetite, how about heading for the animal coast Chinese buffet?
Because nobody anywhere in the universe, probably even in China, offers you more food at a more reasonable price.
And I'm talking about great delicious fresh Chinese food and lots more too.
Hundreds of mouthwatering chicken dishes and beef dishes and the pork dishes and vegetarian dishes and salad dishes.
And they also have a fantastic sizzling Asian grill with teriyaki chicken and steak and shrimp and seafood prepared to your order,
along with hand-carb primer of a sushi bar, a salad bar featuring fresh shrimp cocktail too.
And at the animal coast, they use only the best. Best ingredients, only cholesterol, freaking oil.
Never even think about using any MSG in there so you leave with a big smile on your post, not a screaming headache.
Also try to leave room because they've got a dessert bar with cakes and pies, chocolates, cream puffs, mounds, the fresh fruit,
like even the heaven watermelon. I scream with all the toppings, a full bar with beer wine and cocktails too.
It is unbelievable, not two animal coast locations. The original one in sunrise.
It's on Pine Island, half-lumbar with the open park Boulevard. The second location on Collins Avenue, 163rd in North Miami Beach.
Takeout and delivery available as well limited reservations accepted.
The Emerald Coast voted number one Chinese and town by the readers of the Sun Central you tried once and you'll agree to.
This is like giving you the real thing here now.
We are ECP IOS. If the Rex doesn't sign.
Yes. I'm gonna take off my shoes, strip off my dress. It makes me wet when I see you get a big, big Rex done.
That's too big for my mouth. Oh right. I want it mercenary and a top of you and take it up my mover chain and poop stew.
Give me an air drag, Josh. Okay.
And mail me to the wall.
E-R-E-P-K-I-O-M. I want a drink or a ball. I want to lock it while the other you went to suit your own thing.
And then I'll give it a blow. Work, work.
Here's a boarding agent. And take a suit. And wait until you take up to the top of the rack on this surround.
And make your wonderworm explode with glue. That's a rear rack. And it's on circus side.
Oh. E-R-E-P-K-I-O-M. I want a drink or a ball. E-R-E-P-K-I-O-M.
You know, when Greg stuck his head and his red nose in here for just a couple of moments, it'd congratulate me on a great book.
I should have said, hey now that you've got all this money coming in here, you're cheap bastard. But now they won't do it, see?
This is just like what happened at the old I-E-P years ago. They discovered that they could actually get very good numbers.
And numbers, even like these, are every now and then certain books without doing any promotions, though. That's spending a dime.
So why should they spend the money?
Huh? Now with the FM, for example, which I noticed that Power 96 with their loud obnoxious music is number one in midday 18 to 34.
All those punks out there 18 to 34, number one by a mile. I mean, they can buy that audience. You know, because that audience needs money for drugs.
So naturally, they just give away a lot of money and they're tuned in. Whatever station gives away the most money, whether it's Y100, Power 96.
And that's the reason that all our people on QAM, most of them are making squat. Like George and Joel and most of the other hunderlings around here, they're making crap.
Because we have to pay for all these goofballs we got down the hall at the walls down.
So speaking of ramming it, by the way, I would just tell George we were in Cologne, Germany within like half an hour after we get off the train from Amsterdam when Cologne, Germany had a German sausage in our mouths.
What's wrong with that? No, it's not. It's perfect for the end. I would tell you right now, Cologne, Germany, one of the most beautiful cities you will ever see in your life.
Upscale, they have all these like, I'm trying to think like Lincoln Road malls, the only thing I can think of here that would be the equivalent streets that are like shopping streets with no traffic, closed traffic, just walking shopping streets.
But I mean, just tons and tons of these upscale, artsy, artsy shops and the stores, everybody well dressed, only one problem, they're too many to guide them Germans. But other than that, huh, great place.
So we're taking the train from Amsterdam to Cologne, which takes about two and a half hours is about five, six stops, not bad at all.
And I'm sitting there and in first class, of course, got like me, oh, don't let me forget about Virgin Atlantic, I got to do an hour on them. So I get bumped up for class again every time.
Thank you, by the way, Richard Virgin Atlantic, man, what an airline. I'm going to do at least three hours on them. The best.
So anyway, we're on this train and the when you cross the border from Holland into Germany on the train, they come on and the guy says he announces from this point forward, the this train will be in the hands of the German police.
Yeah, right. And it's just, I don't know, maybe it's just something in my background. Yeah, like that. I don't know what it is.
But they're just like they hear on a backier neck starts rising, you just rubbed your kind of the wrong way, especially if you're Jewish.
From now on, this train will be in the hands of the German police. You will have a good time. You will sit in your seat, shot up and that'd be a good boy.
And you will not make no mess in the train. So speaking of making a mess. So I'm sitting there and they have like a little dining room car in between the first and the second class.
And there's nobody in there is nobody eating because it's a rip off. Evidently, everybody knows that. And that was very nice. So if you wanted to say I went to whatever, as long as the athera, politely I guess.
And so the guy comes by to stamp your ticket, your train ticket, any stamps. And I said to them, where are the restrooms? Where's the, there he points, you know, it's in the general direction like behind where I'm sitting.
So being adventurous, I go and look there and it's right right behind the cover. It conveniently, but never having done all I had to do was go to the leak. Okay, thank God.
Have you ever thought about taking any kind of a limited, a limited to a thing? A leak or a dump on a train? I don't know. Do you have a leak? Do you see where it goes? No, I didn't. You didn't see where it goes?
I didn't come down to the tracks.
What? Huh? I'm standing there taking a leak. Okay. And of course the train vibrates much more than your average plane unless the plane like drops 10,000 feet, you know, which it does every once in a great while.
Not too often, thank God, but the train is vibrating on the tracks. So I guess it's not a good idea to stand there holding your two hard for too long. You know, too much vibration. Could have an accident. But at any rate, so that you're holding on to like the thing there and you're taking a leak and you're looking straight down and maybe you never look down. You're not inclusive enough.
Didn't you wonder where it goes?
Haven't we had this conversation about on a plane? I used to think that when you did a on a plane, it would like just go into space and would like you to dissipate before it hit your roof most of the time.
It doesn't go on the tracks over there. It doesn't. It goes on the tracks to loose track, not in this country. Not no more. Well, over there it does.
And these are very, this is a very nice train to this isn't some slumped it like a freight train. This is a very nice, you know, hot shot first class cabin.
And you're looking down at the bottom and I thought I saw water way down at the bottom and then I realized that that was like it was like an optical illusion. There was no water down there. It was saying it was the tracks.
And I thought and then of course I become fascinated not watching the year and trickle down that long cube that goes right to the bottom of the train and out out of the tracks.
I felt like I was watering part of Germany. Like pay back is a bitch. You know I'm talking about getting even with a few of those Nazi bastards.
So you know I go back and I sit down and tell John about this whole thing about how you take a leak and it goes on the track. And then I'm starting to think to myself what happens if you have to do more serious business.
It's in to loose like direct. Huh? I'm the track. Seriously. And all there's a sign inside the bathroom that says, please do not use this laboratory while the train is stopped at is that any stops.
For obvious reason. I mean can you see somebody get ready to board the train all of a sudden. Oh geez look at that. Drap it right on the bottom.
A little pile. Oh God. That's how they do it. How do they do it here? Where does it go here? It's like a bus that has a holding tank. It has the port of John system that they drain.
Well what a waste of time that is they don't have to do it over there in Europe. I mean what's wrong with peeing on the tracks? Huh?
Peeing nothing. Well yeah that's another story. So it's always a good idea not to have too much sorbitol before you get on a train.
Especially for like a two and a half hour train. Right. What's wrong with that? Why do you think that all these all these different things that you encounter.
If you ever get the hell out of here which by the way speaking of getting out of here I'm coming to my hotel in Amsterdam one day. I think it was on Thursday.
No it's Friday. Queens day. That's the big hysterical holiday. They have April 30th every year on or the Queen of Netherlands. Queen Beatrix. Not the kind of Queens you're thinking about. Although I'm sure there were plenty of them there too.
Besides me. What are you doing? You just checking. I'm having an idea. George had an episode here on Friday which I'm very pleased by the way only because
misery loves company. I'm glad I had to somebody happy to somebody besides me where the phone he was going on and on and on and it looked like nobody was calling like now but I'm used to it. It's Monday you know they won't hear my stories and even if they don't I'm going to tell them anyway.
So on Queens day which you have you don't ever want to go to Amsterdam on Queens day. Please I beg you don't do it.
Well maybe that guy will call who I met I'm walking through the lobby of my hotel the Grand Crasnapolski Hotel there right on the dam right in the heart of downtown Amsterdam.
And here's I hear hey nail and here's one of my listeners there with his young lady friend or wife or whoever she was girlfriend I think standing at the counter she's giving me kind of like a suspicious look but he was very friendly good guy.
And you walk out on the streets on Queens day they're like I would say three four maybe five hundred thousand people all over the whole downtown area the streets are closed on there the stores are almost all closed except a couple of restaurants and the streets are just teaming with every person in the Netherlands between the age of I would say 16 and 25.
They're off there just just masses and masses and massive people and you can't walk.
And I'm not one of those people it's claustrophobic that's terrified by big crowds yada yada and I don't bother me otherwise I wouldn't go to ballgame stuff like that.
I don't mind crowds but I don't get I'm not too crazy about walking into a situation where it's like chaos where it's like mayhem and people start pushing and shoving like a soccer match you know when they start with that crap.
And I'm like gagging on it so to speak and the crowd too and the finally I discovered that there's a way to enjoy this you know if you just if you just learn to get it with the rhythm of the way the crowd is walking and you get you kind of like sandwich yourself in between the right people you know and you're doing like with the elbows and the are about excuse me and grabbing out of people because there's tremendous pushing from all directions and you can't help but push up against all kinds of flesh talk about you know feeling the flesh.
What's wrong with that? Oh excuse me. That's an old trick from a million years ago. No fool I've seen lots of guys. Oh geez sorry just telling the bad Anapil. Sorry.
But don't ever go there on that day it's just it's just chaotic and psychotic and like the end of the world it's so getting back to virgin Atlantic Airlines the greatest here's a way for you to go.
I have no idea how much it costs for coach because the guy like me don't fly like slippers in coach okay I don't fly in the coach but even in coach they have like little TV's it every see.
And we paid for premium economy now those of you who ever flew over there on martinair martinair is okay if you don't mind like sitting like a sardine I can't even imagine what coach on martinair would be like I fly what they call star class which is their business class.
And it's like 1700 bucks round trip in business class and martinair from Miami to Amsterdam they do for a fly non stop direct that's good that part.
But it's like flying in a sardine can and the food is a delicious on martinair but on virgin Atlantic man the first thing they do when you're in upper class which thank you
Richard it was great they bumped us up to upper class. Which is like you know first class on his big 747 there's nothing like a 747 boys and girls when you're going to be in the air for hours and hours.
And you fly the heat throwing London and then you fly from that barbaric little old outdated airport by over to Amsterdam it's a little half an hour hop and a jump.
The first thing they do is the young lady who's like in charge of the plane she comes over and asks she offers you a complimentary massage kind of like what scan you had going on here on Friday.
It was a public service yeah that a cubic service.
And I looked at her I said no thank you but the net very nice staff you a little massage big massage depending on well depending on how big it is.
And that's just the beginning of the good stuff and they bring you a menu you have like four or five different choices the food is sensational they're friendly they're great they're on time in fact we got back yesterday at half hour early head of schedule.
Once the last time you heard of that on transit landing flight half hour early on Virgin Atlantic savior ton of money.
And they're just the best.
Did that do it Richard if not I'll do another half hour.
No I want to make sure I get what bumped up to upper class every time that's the way to go baby.
Slepper like me I can't be affording to you know pay for that upper class every time I want to get bumped up big shot like me.
Let's get some food in this journal can get my recipe throughout my big dog is sicker in hell come back yesterday my dog you're so neurotic from nine days with my mother I could do the rest of the show on that you know.
Nursing home that just keeps saying it to yourself sounds so good feeling lucky you're looking for something exciting to do in this God forsaken town where all they care about is a bunch of an animal.
The guys plan the Orioles God the actions always how to Hollywood Seminole gaming where winners recently walked away with humongous six figure jackpots you could be next but you got to go there and check it out to be the winner play their 550 gaming machines like lucky gems progressive pot of gold and more 48 round of clock poker tables featuring all the great card games in the world.
On the hall high low Texas hold them seven cards stud along with weekly tournaments for daily sessions of ice takes been go eleven forty five in the morning three seven fifteen ten thirty and the PM and for those of you who like it quick and intense which is most I believe lightning vingo will always get you charged up to all waiting for it Hollywood Seminole gaming open twenty four hours a day seven days a week right on the corner four forty one sterling road tons of reparking or valley parking if you prefer.
They'll forget South Florida's most exciting place for the big money jackpots continues to be Hollywood Seminole gaming.
The Rogers car you searching for a new sensation in dining.
If you're tired of that same old bump and grind then why not revisit an old friend and eat at the Y.
That's right folks because here at the Y we've turned our old facilities into a mouthwatering buffet and you've never seen a red like this one featuring some of the most delicious on trays you've ever tasted.
And if you like eating Mexican tools let the Y because every night is a go nice or if you enjoy the taste of wild.
Our chefs prepare a little snacking soft-aid rabbit baked in a golden flower cross that's right.
Air pie it's all here literally mounds of piping hot food including juicy steak with medium rare because when you eat at the Y all the meat is in the middle or if you like spicy food.
Here's an unusual on tray a red hot teaching you will think talk about a piece of ass that brings tears here eyes.
If let's back in good this you won't want to mess.
Older next time you eat out light on down to the Y.
Okay, now it's a pretty highway up the river one.
So like I said in Poland Germany they have a you know your broccoli stands whatever the hell they're calling out there.
Job already with that crap they have worst stands.
And the best part of it is if you try to do your actions no problem because they don't put the the sausages on a bun.
In Berlin when you get a sausage or one of those stands you put them on like a little teeny bun that takes up only the center part so you can use it like it's a lot almost like a napkin like a holder and just chop the meat around the edges.
And the sausage too.
But in Cologne they you actually they prefer that you don't even eat that way what you do is you take the napkin and you take the sausage in the napkin and dip it in the mustard and then eat it like that with no bread which is great.
But if you want the brooch to know whatever the hell they call it the little piece of bread they give you that too for like an extra 50 cents and you eat the bread you take a bite out of the bread you don't put the bun the thing in it.
You take a chop out of the bread then you take a chop out of your sausage.
How do you like that learn something every day we learn already it's not even a little bit of clock at this morning we learned about ping on the tracks in Europe.
I think that's fantastic stuff where else in America is the audience going to learn about taking a leak on the tracks to lose track.
Don't do that.
Maybe that's why nobody's eating in that restaurant you know on the train maybe they learned their lesson because I looked I didn't see no toilet paper there in that little laboratory.
I looked around not that I needed any I wasn't going to do the sit down.
But I just looked around at a curiosity and I thought to myself what happens if you have to like you know two and a half hours is a long time on a train huh.
You have to be why OP.
And then of course come back here I haven't done enough on Virgin Atlantic Airlines by the way I better do another half hour what do you give me a look like that for huh it's great and like in the upper class which is first class there's enough space you could make a bowling alley between yourself and the person in front of you that's how much space how much reclining area you've got and even in the what they call premium economy which is like business class again.
And tremendous amount of space comfort fantastic love your Richard is that enough.
Come back here what are they talking about they're talking about things here that nobody as usual nobody in the world is talking about.
Wouldn't you think they'd be talking about how wonderful was the sloppy homelose which was saying a prayer with Jesse Jackson how would you think that would be one of the things they'd be talking about.
He's saying a prayer I wonder if they prayed not for the three American kids the prisoners that they released the Jesse's custody this grandstanding piece of crap Jesse Jackson who is not trying to like run as usual run our foreign policy and interfere you know just bring the guys back and dummy up okay Jesse and the bubble pat you on the head take that little envelope and tear it up into pieces.
And say okay boy nice job not get out of here we got important stuff to do did you see 60 minutes no they were in a way to make a leaf and flyers game last day you think I'm watching 60 minutes of you out of your mind.
Yeah they interviewed his wife the low-subitious wife.
Was he praying to no she said we didn't do nothing yeah it was I was all just bad publicity you know just bad PR like that letter to the editor in the
hero said the day before I left he was really a pretty good guy till NATO started bombing him right yeah he was okay they just pissed him off he was saying prayers with Jesse and the prayer group over there I wonder if they said any prayers for the people that they butchered that they
masochered for the women that they rake for the million people that they've tossed out of their homes and set off into the wilderness did they pray for them I wonder no they said a prayer together now Jesse says well this was an
act of well you know a nice act on his part we got to do something to return yeah drops of war god damn bomb that's what we ought to be doing we are nice going baba that's right murdering miserable son of a bitch and we're going to do
something nice because he left these three prisoners go as a desperate grandstand move and we're going to do something nice and return yeah here's something for you no
twice the charge slavio you piece of dreck oh I did see a little on see you know CNN got this millennium thing that they're running this
ongoing series and it was about world war one I've never really been much of a student of world war one you know and interestingly enough to
find out that Serbia had their their wicked finger in that thing to in world war one yeah they always had their they're always one of the
figures in the wood pile the Germans in the Serbs all of the Germans have got good brought worst man no seriously Kallon is a beautiful city I would highly recommend it to anybody that's got good taste great city beautiful people well dressed great hotels great even the train station was great what's not to like we get out of the train station
the course we had looked at a map to see where our hotel was and we had the general idea wasn't too far from the train station we walk a block
walk a block and we're like looking at each other like well where do you think this hotel is and I look up in the air across the street and there's the big sign there's the hotel see that's what happens when you live a good life
those are the kinds of wonderful things you get bumped up to upper class on virgin Atlantic huh you get offered a free massage you take a leak on the German soil even with those Nazi bastards
for all more could you want what the hell you you just step out of the guy to train station you've never been to city before in your life you look across the street there's the effort hotel all right yeah
and what are they talking about here Cubans playing baseball in Baltimore you know something and about and about our good friends at cigar where the hell I do with that thing about cigar fishing out of magazine
you talk about a banana Republican about the rest of the world laughing at his God damn place no wonder we got a 90 sure on this time there were the only ones in a station that tell the truth at least I am the other ones I don't know about them
it's a slop over I guess they'd rescind ban of cigar magazine at airport stores that this this is unbelievable except here except here last night I'm putting the channels around every God damn news channel they got Dwight
lottery is up there eating watermelon in Baltimore they got air be air be local news guys there was up there in Baltimore for this big baseball game there have no eyes anybody in the world give a crap about Cuba's playing the
Orioles which probably maybe now the Orioles found to me they might be able to beat but I doubt it no
Jesus Christ when is this town going to graduate from this swell from this one dimensional Neanderthal banana boat mentality
there's so many living and breathing and real people out there in a real frickin world and you come back to this town and it's always the same
that that that that that the same bunch of old specs did you see the group they showed on the news last night that they must have been the median age was death they made the people in sunrise look like teenagers that's how old these old domino park play in the domino assholes work over the age of 200
they're getting on the bus they're going up there to both of them what else they got to do Christ and they're they're protesting the magazine because Fidel's pictures on the cover and date County was going to ban it from my international welcome to South Florida where we don't
have any freedoms here our freedoms are dictated by a bunch of goddamn banana boat people who never met a fascist that they didn't like
mighty colon that's what I have to say to them whatever it means 24 11 at 560 WQM if you need new appliances are electronic equipment and your wallet keeps saying no no like I said saying no get into one of appliance TV depots three locations and see the
low low prices on the products you want and soon your wallets are going to be saying yeah that's right instead at appliance TV depots the selection is huge if you need a refrigerator washer dryer big screen TV VCR camcorder satellite
dish it's all they're waiting for you to plan TV depot the sales staff is friendly and deliveries always next day and hassle free with three stores in the mommy data your
appliance TV depots located in the Miami Lake Surrey Palmetto 15th Avenue and Coral Gable 3590 Coral Way and a Kindle on US one North of the fall the prices always right when
you do the smart thing and shop at appliance TV depot were service election your satisfaction are always guaranteed for more sales check out this weekend's ads in the mommy herald
it's big and a boat tonight on Fox it's the
I'm sure I wouldn't mind walking up the escalator but I can't seem to squeeze by miss fat at the head of me the man that says what all of America is thinking so you
don't understand English huh well then you won't understand it when I say this you you
you know whether it works home or even the mall the asshole will make you proud to be an American yeah and Linda after the funeral
why don't you swing by your mom's old house and see if you can find her handy cap parking plate I think that would really come in handy for me he's the
asshole tonight when he feels like coming on that really isn't that all thing to do isn't it that's really really good I like that
okay 1045 at 560 WCOM so anyway getting back to this thing about the big
semester we got at the airport it's not enough that we got all these people pandering bending over
backward about this meaningless exhibition baseball game in Cuba tonight nobody in their right mind nobody with a
brain cares about this anywhere in the rest of the world all the things that are going on in the world all the things that people have on their mind
all of these things that anybody could be thinking and talking about including getting later whatever the hell it might be anything
and we got people in this town obsessed with some stupid goddamn bunch of anantabode assholes that are going to come up there with their
jocks drafts up and play a ball game in Baltimore against the team that couldn't win a first game as if anybody gives a crap that's got a
brain they'd rescinds ban of cigar magazine and airport stores front page of the herald
faced with mounting protest Miami-Dade County leaders decided Sunday to lift a ban on sales of the June edition of cigar
Fissuiano magazine how do you like that huh cigar Fissuiano our good friends with our buddy Nick down there in
the bay of the at Miami international airport that we're going to ban the sales the glossy publication with L
Castro and Bubba on the cover couldn't airport news stand as early as this morning fact it's probably there I'm sure it's
there as I speak right now as I speak this moment basically what I'm going to do is give the order to put it back on
the shelves date aviation department director Gary Jay DeLapa told the herald on Sunday night even though now wait to hear this
even though we have to be sensitive to the Cuban exile community here in the end we have to come down on the
side of what's been with tradition in the United States a freedom of expression freedom of the press if people don't
want to buy it they don't have to buy it is what he said God damn it yeah you're a crancid the county managed
airport instructor their subcontractor last week to keep the 282 page edition this is a cigar magazine
okay it's not a frickin political magazine it's a goddamn cigar magazine God damn it
they were ordered to the subcontractor last week to keep the opportunity to pay tradition off all 18
news stand shows because they decided the addition featuring a travel guide for the communist led island
was flattering the Castro and the Cuban frickin government how do you like that
but coming back to this assholes comment even though we have to be sensitive to the Cuban exile community
here do we have to be sensitive no am I going to be sensitive no scrap
bunch of old nose picking banana boat jackasses who never knew anything about freedom of the press freedom of speech
never did never will take to their graves with them and hopefully very soon in most of those
cases take to their graves those old nose pickers that same old sale mentality that's been permeating
near in his town for the last 39 years it stinks it sucks it blows it bites it makes me want a
puke come back from real places in the world to a place like this
slobby omelosa bitch would be proud of date county I'll turn to that right now he'd be proud of this craft
this garbage a freaking cigar magazine God forbid that the house picture should be on the cover
and he might actually not really look like a you know he had ten days of growth that day
like he was had one foot in the grave how about if we put like some graffiti on it would that be okay
would that be alright yeah that's it put like some horns on his forehead like the goddamn devil
would that be alright okay get to work let's go down to mIA and take that cigar
fishing out of when doctor it up all right and by the way what are they worried about all those old banana
pickers there are a ton anyway they're all up in Baltimore under buses
can you imagine how many games of dominoes you can play on a bus between Miami and Baltimore
huh and what the hell is dominoes what kind of a game is that I thought the Chinese played dominoes
huh well the Chinese those are smart people what are those old Cubans trying to do try to act smart is that what it is
not fooling me
and I don't want to be in this banana boat Republic God damn repressive piece of crap town
and pardon me for understate in the obvious but that's just the way it is
and if that wasn't good enough here's another great you know you i come back
You've been playing in 230 yesterday.
Get home about 315, 330, whatever one.
By the way, thanks to my friend Eric Customs,
okay, whip us right on through, open up another line.
How you doing, Neil?
See, that's what it is.
When you're a big shot, okay?
A big, something like shot.
Get home around 330.
So I've been home, let's see, for what?
For 20 hours.
Less.
And already, I'm scouring and I'm fighting out
this ridiculous, disamble, twill like
when I left 10 days ago, only worse.
Did you see this pair of battle school sex conspiracy?
Did you see the article about these wackos?
This was in yesterday's peril.
Couple crusade against sex sins.
Legal battle leads to settlement with school board.
Oh yeah, this guy and his wife, Paul and Jody Hoffman,
say an underground gay group has infiltrated school
to promote a secret agenda.
There's that homophacial agenda again.
And this guy, of course, because there's nobody better
than a reformed fill in the blank, whatever was alcoholic,
homo, you name it.
For quarter of a century, he was a regular
but gay bars and self bookstores.
And homo was hustler in playboy when the internet got going.
He began prowling the chat room on his computer.
That's the way it used to be.
But now he's like, you know,
whole different to ballgame now.
Now he's reformed.
Now he's a crusader, which are always the worst kind.
He's having lawsuits against this one against that one against the school board.
They got secret code, secret messages.
Wait a year.
This the Hoffman's enrolled their son in the Miami-Dade school system.
A month later, at the start of March, they were pulling him out.
First, they stuck him in, then they pulled him out.
While their teacher gave him a multiple choice test that he brought home.
One of the options for their particular question was manually.
Ramon does his number three work with his hands.
The son told him that number three is a code word.
It means masturbation.
Oh, it's called a code of Hoffman said.
And gate teachers throughout Miami-Dade are using it to promote the secret agenda.
They're very smart, she said.
They're very clever.
There is no record of these things.
Yeah, number three, that means Yankee.
So now she teaches his son 16 herself sometimes at home.
Sometimes bringing him into the law office with a Hoffman to prepare a second lawsuit
to file this Thursday National Prayer Day.
Their son has been emotionally damaged by this test and by the constant talk of sex he was exposed to
in the school, they say. They worry that the, what that month in school did to him.
They're worried about it.
He can't stop thinking about sex.
They say that's all he thinks about all the time.
Sex, sex, sex.
He's 16 years old.
What a concept.
He's thinking about sex.
Oi!
What, that's unusual.
Huh?
It's the goddamn school system that done it.
Oh, I'm more on the notification.
I'm more not already just in this hour.
And look at these phones.
It's fantastic.
And that's a great response.
Oh, you had a few wonder.
They're just, they're impatient.
I'll get to you when I'm good and ready.
Okay?
I got important crap to lay down on this audience here today.
And then speaking of the school system, of course,
this horrible nightmare that took place before I left on vacation
out in the Denver area out in Littleden,
which they're talking about all over the world.
If somebody got an answer for it,
good point though.
Several interesting things.
Number one, you can buy a semi-automatic weapon in the state of Colorado
with the age of 18, but you can't buy a beer.
That's right.
Too many beer as your puke or guts out and probably start thinking about sex,
especially if it's your third beer if it's number three.
Buy a semi-automatic weapon,
but you can't buy a beer or pack a cigarette, either, right?
Use some of this.
Right.
How can you go shooting without a beer?
That's true.
Good point.
But the thing that I found the most fascinating having said and watched
that whole thing that afternoon when it took place, which was like, what, two weeks ago,
Tuesday, tomorrow, be three weeks.
And you're not supposed to say these things in America because police never do anything bad in America, right?
Do they ever do, they never do any bad police work.
They're always great.
We saw hours and hours of these courageous SWAT teams
surrounding the school and some of them were inside and they were like, you know,
scouring through and doing their sweep of the school.
Now we find out that these two lunatics, these two scumbags, these two misfits
that shot up the school and then brought their 30 bombs and planted them all over the
goddamn place.
After they had their fun for 15 or 20 minutes, they blew their own brains out.
They were dead all that time.
Nobody was shooting anybody.
And the school teacher, of course, was one of the heroes of the situation.
He laid their dying bleeding to that inside.
And just as the paramedics finally got to him like three and a half hours later, he'd died in their arms.
Not to mention, of course, any of the kids who died inside because we didn't, I didn't hear any details
on that, but who knows how many of them might have lived if somebody would have gotten in their sooner.
And then I hear comments like, well, you know, what, you know, there were bombs laid in there and
who knows who the real shooters were and how you identified them.
I mean, you know, did the police really want to go in there and risk their lives?
I thought that's what police work was about.
Was risking your life.
Is that part of what it's supposed to be about?
I mean, I'm not just saying randomly without some kind of a plan,
but just to just have all those people surrounding the school for hours and hours on end,
there was nothing going on inside.
They said people dying.
Just just a thought.
I realized you're not supposed to say these things because it's American.
We love our guns.
We love our police.
It's said everyone's so on it.
See, American F and Way, and you better believe it.
Or else we'll stick a goddamn
copy of Cigar Fissionato in your mailbox.
Okay?
Do you want to screw with us?
And then we'll tell all Cubans where you're living at, where you're addresses.
They'll come and fight it in your mailbox.
Then you'll have some problems on your hands.
Then they want to play dominoes on your front lawn for the rest of the year just to get even.
What is that thing with dominoes?
What was that all about?
Where did that come from?
You should know.
It's a game.
I know it's a game.
And it's something to do like poker.
When they're just like poker.
But why the whole fix play dominoes?
Why did they have dominoed parks?
Because that's why they play in play-hiders.
Are they all ready to take a bad end?
They play Bucky ball elite.
They get up and they move around a little bit.
So the Lexus eyes.
They don't just sit there on their ass playing dominoes.
If you're if they play chess in the park,
the red next they play checkers on the pickle barrel.
Everybody's got their little game.
The blacks do what?
I was sure I had that video.
I was telling you about.
Oh god.
I find every one person again
talk about using the word nigger in this country.
There is no group of people.
I use the word nigger more than black people.
That I never realized this before.
Every person, every other black person
do what black person in America is a nigger.
Hey nigger, how you doing there?
Hey shut up nigger.
What is that?
But when we had the OJ single and I with Mark Furman
and all of the N word in the media were like,
oh you can't even say it.
You can't put it in the paper.
They had to put n dash like,
you know, like, uh, yeah.
Exploited deleted.
Produe derivative term deleted
because we can't say the N word.
But if you're black,
hey nigger, how you doing nigger?
Mother, you know,
which mother of course is only half a word in that hood.
Anybody have any idea what I'm talking about?
Kill the good hour though.
Come on, let's get a couple of calls on here.
And the George tells me the phones were sizzling
especially Friday.
Just couldn't get to them.
5 6 7 0 5 60,
pound 5 60 animal mobile one line 10.
Premium beef.
You down to red dogs.
You've chugged a red wolf.
Now open your mouth and wrap your lips around a red cock.
Red cock's foamy head will leave you breathless.
Red cock goes down easy and it's never hard on your throat.
So reach into that box and wrap your fingers around a long neck red cock.
You can shake it and spray it all over.
Remember, you can't beat a red cock.
Just look for the label with the big red pecker on the front.
It's 1102 at 560 WQ.
I went to house my check from the 25th by the way,
which I wasn't here.
And George says, oh, they got it around somewhere.
I'd like my check in here sometime like soon before noon.
Just so I feel secure about getting it.
I thought I wanted to start playing Butch Boss with this crowd,
but it would be nice to have that check in it.
In fact, if anybody else just had a rating book come out like this,
Winter Book that we had here,
the whole station did great.
We did spectacular gigantic humongous if I say so myself.
If I would have been Greg Reed,
I would have walked in here with the check in my hand.
You know, with the envelope.
It said, oh, by the way, here's your check from the one you run vacation.
And nice job.
That's what?
There is.
It's gone for a couple of days.
So what does that mean?
We'll find your check.
It's got to be somewhere.
Miriam is gone for a couple of days.
And now we're going to have a search party to find my check,
which is now like several days overdue,
which I don't mind because I wasn't here anyway.
And I'd rather have the vacation and be here for the goddamn check.
The camera I'm looking for you while you were gone to give it to you.
Yeah, but they did.
I thought I saw them knocking on my door.
Or maybe that was Rosenal Goldstein.
Didn't see them.
Here's the Pompato Beach.
Pompato Beach.
Oh, you know what?
Is this phone screwed up again?
No.
Here's what, yes it is.
Are we back?
We're back to what happened the day before I went.
The phone is all screwed up again.
Lady and Adventurer.
You see as soon as I punch up Lady,
it just as Lady in and the other thing goes on.
We're back to whatever was the problem that morning.
And look at this.
It won't even go off.
Let's try it again.
Here's a Lady and that.
And I'll see what work.
Does it do the same thing in there?
Does it thing go black on your monitor?
It's red or black.
I don't mind my words.
Well, whatever the hell color it is,
does it go in it just as Lady and something,
Lady and red, Lady and waiting, Lady and Uranus?
I'm resetting the system.
Oh, Joe's got my check.
Thank you, Joe.
We're gonna hear real fast.
You don't have to stay out there.
Listen, the phone's screwed up again.
I haven't taken one call here yet.
Why?
Because the phone screwed up again.
It's like God then, deja vu all over again.
We're sitting here.
We got a 99 share.
Every show on this station is through the freaking roof.
Even at marginal morning show.
And we don't have equipment that works in here
because we got a general manager that's sick in the head.
He's not only sick in the red nose.
He's not only sick to what is crack cockles or whatever he's got.
Line and use elsewhere.
What does that mean?
You rebooted it.
And it still doesn't work.
I'm seeing this and I don't believe it.
It's like my worst nightmare.
Was it this pass-frighted that you had the problem?
Yes.
Oh, so in other words, it was just this last
fright of the phone system was all screwed up.
And obviously there's been a lot of really heavy duty
working here to make sure that it's all straight
now for today, right?
Wrong.
What was the different problem?
Did it work?
A Southern bell problem.
Did it work?
Yes.
When you were having a problem.
Afterwards, after an 11 o'clock on it works.
But the first time you had an hour, it didn't work.
Okay.
Right.
Now we have nothing.
Punch up a line.
Even here at dial tone, it says line and use elsewhere.
Our whole phone system is down in here
and our program director sticks his bearded head in the door,
shaking his head like a...
This is what you get.
Welcome back from vacation, Neil.
We hope you had a great time.
Hope that they treated you well on Virgin and Lannock
Airlines, which they sure did.
Hope you enjoyed the bratwurst in Cologne, which I did.
Hope you had a great time.
And I'm still there, which I sure did, like always.
And we got a piece of crap.
You could go to warworths.
You could go to crazzkeys and buy a better phone system than this.
What?
I'm going to unplug the whole system.
There will be some beeping.
Good.
At least it'll make some noise.
Better than my waist and my throat.
I'm getting a raw throat in here already.
I'm probably catching Greg Reed's latest disease that he's passed.
Good. I like that sound here.
Let's have some more.
Here we go.
We'll work it on the equipment folks.
Come on.
There you go.
Sounds of silence.
Now let's see what happens.
Here we go.
There's a line ringing WQAM.
Jesus Christ.
Hello.
Okay.
We'll get it. Hang up.
What was that?
It was Eddie.
How could you tell?
Was that what he said?
WQAM.
Okay. Thank you.
There's our two callers for the day.
What do we even go through the exercise for?
Now that the phone finally works
and we're waiting for some geniuses to get on here with something to say.
5667-0560-05560-080.
What am I getting excited about the phone doesn't work here.
I might check in my hand now.
Thank you Joe.
Joe went down a hall found my check somewhere.
Nice.
Two checks no less.
There you go.
Now we got some phones we can see.
I always have to go through this exercise.
Maybe that's why we're going through the roof on this station
because the audience keeps tuning in every day
just to see how much more amazing crack can go on here.
I think the guy was right.
We'll call the minute and go and say, yeah, I think he was right.
Right on target.
You got it, pal. You got your finger on it.
Here's the lady in the ventura. Hello.
Hi. Can you hear me now?
Now I hear you.
I know.
This is QAM. We can't get our act together.
I know. I feel like I'm from Neptune and Uranus.
Oh. This place.
And there are rings around Uranus.
I do know.
Dark ones.
Anyway.
Please know by the way that they've chopped down a couple of big like woodsy areas
near my house.
They're like two blocks of wooded areas.
So there are going to be a lot less possums and coons in my neighborhood.
Oh, you know, seriously.
That's probably there's screwing up the environment around there
because now you're going to have more peat and sunlight and pollution
and high-life condos.
Congratulations.
No, they won't be hired.
There'll be like single-family homes.
Oh, well, congratulations.
Thank you.
I wonder how single-family homes is opposed to all those wild animals, those possums and coons.
I'm serious.
Well, speaking of that, I want to get from the OJ syndrome.
I don't mind your possums so much.
What is it?
Well, I got from the OJ syndrome.
The same thing you got that used the word niggero in a nigger.
Niggero.
Nobody says nigger more than nigger.
I'll tell you that right now.
But supposedly they use it in a good context.
No, they don't allow it.
Well, I saw some videos over there.
That's the rancher, huh?
That's the rancher.
That's the rancher.
That's not true at all.
They get pissed off at each other.
They really start using nigger.
I mean, big time.
I found out from the OJ syndrome that it's a bigger crime to say nigger than it is to kill two people.
Well, that goes without saying.
I mean, the media was more outraged about it.
About the environment.
That's right.
What does that tell you?
That tells you to don't be saying it.
It tells me that Patsy Ramsey is going to get away with murder also.
I don't think so.
I think we're going to nail her ass.
You think she's going to present her life?
I got it.
I think if you go out and buy the inquiry today, I think that might put her over the edge.
But she's got the high price lawyers, isn't it?
And I hear her pictures also on a cover of Cigar Fissuano.
With the Dell and the Bubba.
Well, you think about it for a while.
She's got a big one in her purse.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
10 minutes after her level.
Welcome back to Miami, Neil.
Thank you.
Oh, God.
Woof.
You know, Mother's Day next Sunday, May 9.
Nothing home.
And the Vermont Teddy Bear Company is a guaranteed way to make your mom happy.
Send her a bear gram gift to let her know that she's loved and appreciated.
Your mom, wife or grandmother will receive a gorgeous bear, handcrafted in Vermont, delivered in the colorful gift box with personalized card and gourmet candy.
Just call a bear counselor at 1-800-829 bear in the home.
Check out QAM on the internet.
Just go to www.wqam.com
For its radio, 5.60, QAM, the kill and the cold.
Kill your wife and hand run.
There's less than there in this country says.
The trials moving on.
Chances are quit all decreases.
Traces of blood everywhere that match your DNA.
Traces of blood that's your zogeic, thick black curly hair.
You let the glove and bloody tracks go.
The cats you used to wear.
You're on the side of Waco.
Traces of blood all around that match your DNA.
Traces of blood that's your zogeic, you stole your eyes and settle grey.
They run fine, a trace of blood till they're here.
Chances are quit all decreases.
Traces of blood all around that match your DNA.
Traces of blood that's your zogeic, thick black curly hair.
Okay, 11.16-5.60 WQAM.
I'm telling you, you're telling me that last week, all these people wanted to talk about was the school voucher thing.
I'm not going to waste my time talking about that.
You wanted them.
You got them.
You wanted a fascist piece of crap governor.
And now you got them.
What's the big surprise?
You wanted a religious fanatic.
And now you got them.
So there you go.
Good luck to you.
You'll need it.
I just don't get these people.
I don't understand it.
You make your own bag.
You sit there on your ass.
And I told you, if I sheep the fascista, never matter not to eat it in the like.
Put it on a big act.
Or when all of a sudden turns out to be just exactly the same kind of right wing fanatic that everybody knew he was ahead of time.
But I read a very interesting thing, by the way, about the assassination of Ronald, the attempt on Ronald Reagan by John Henkley.
And the fact that there was more than.
John Henkley was a distant cousin of I know this thing is cutting out of George Bush senior.
Well, what do you want now?
What are you looking at?
What do you worry?
Where is this man going?
Now he gets up out of the chair, walks down the hall.
I have no idea what's going on.
If somebody pots you around with a son on the board on the ear, what's happening now?
What other technical piece of crap is going on now?
What was that?
Nothing.
What was that?
You don't want to say it was Tommy put his elbow on the pot.
Before he smoked it?
He's very, very sorry.
Look at that.
Now he's got the pot in his rectum.
I know somebody that probably would like to smoke it, kind of like sitting out front there.
I don't want to get into that.
Too personal.
That's what I hear from the rear.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
What do we have to do to bring back the tape?
Hold your breath.
See I want to talk about, because I know George does a stellar job.
I have no problem at the ratings are sensational.
We don't have the dips that we use to have every time I go on vacation.
We've done a brilliant thing.
Since I'm the one who decided it, then it's got to be great.
I want to talk about the stuff.
I'm talking about the last hour 20 minutes.
See we don't have a problem on this and the problem is on the other end.
Well that's like you sir, who have nothing to say.
Hour and 20 minutes I've been sitting here puking my guts out.
I'm a horse from puking my brains out.
And these people have got nothing to say about any of it.
And by the way speaking of assholes, the one I called the day or two,
maybe with the day I left on vacation, about your Philadelphia flyers.
And the Leafs don't play that Eastern conference kind of defensive hockey very well.
And how they're going to kick our ass.
And yada yada yada.
All I can say to you is, that's what I can say to you.
Okay.
You and Van Grease broke.
Don't like those weak backhand shots.
Hey Johnny boy, what did I tell you about him?
Even when he played good for us down here, always was famous for giving up one,
at least one greasy goal of game.
That's why they called him the greaser.
I guarantee your rimers probably squeezing themselves now would have
excitement knowing that the greaser lost the series and gave up some real greasy goals in there.
Mr. Philadelphia, another great flyer fan with a big frickin mouth.
Wonder where he is today, huh?
Probably crying in his goddamn beer.
Piece of dreck.
Dispense them in six games, okay?
As Curtis Joseph gave him a lesson last night in what real goal tending is all about.
And then they're crying at the end of the game, oh they got a penalty.
After the least got 600 penalties in a row there and killed off every one of them.
And they get a penalty well deserved and long overdue late in the game.
And they're crying at the end of the game.
Instead of, you know, yeah, I hate to break the news to you,
but you don't score any goals.
You're not going to win no game.
You jackass flyer span you.
Hope you're choked on your core's beard.
Here's Cooper City. Hello.
You stole my thunder.
That was a great game last night.
We were able to walk through.
No, it was not a great game.
Of course I watched it.
It was a horrible game.
Well, from the standpoint of the excitement one nothing game.
I mean, you know, I hate the flyers.
And I know you too, too.
Here, I have seldom in my life seen that worst game than that game last night.
What excitement are you talking about?
There was excitement in the first period Joseph made a bunch of great sayings.
Right.
But other than that, where was the excitement?
Well, I mean, the fact that I mean, don't you look, I really have a game that's...
In fact, I'm praying that the penguins beat Boston by the way.
What a beautiful password Marty.
You're not going to do a jogger for the winning goal yesterday.
The end of the day, Marty, not going to offer the Panthers, gets a goal.
Another great assistant for the winning goal yesterday.
I'm praying that Pittsburgh beats the crap out of Jersey tomorrow night,
because I want to see the least played Pittsburgh, not Boston.
I don't want another clutching grab series, another coma series.
I want to play a team that really wants to play some wide open hockey in some excitement.
All those flyer frames that last call in a game.
Who mad?
They didn't have a Lindross.
But Joseph is the same pattern.
Every year they play a great scene and they choke first round out to play off.
Yeah.
So you fly a game.
This is the 5,000th time in a row that they failed to win a game where they were going to be eliminated in the playoffs.
And at least they're consistent in what they do.
They choke the first round.
And they got a big mouth and they suck.
And they got me in Beadebrook and they can have the million dollars that goes along with them.
Okay.
Later.
They got the greaser, baby.
Barrow's some of the passing friends of the net.
Barrow's trying to get a shot.
And it was like another shot.
The Barrow's in guard.
Guard.
The game Barrow's in.
Have starts for Toronto on the power play.
59.2 seconds.
And this place has become a more.
Oh, right.
All right.
All right.
Even Rick Weaver is just psyched about it.
5,6,7.
This town they're not psyched about.
They're not psyched about anything.
Evidently.
5,6.
They're just psyched.
5,6,7.0, 5,60.
0.5,60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile-invoting V.
Hello.
How are you?
How are you doing, sir?
I'm doing great.
The audience is still in a coma, I see.
Hey, is it pretty sick to say that Sergey Merced and Janikuro are the empty teams for the past two months of the week?
Yeah, I would say so.
How about Curtis Joseph?
Is he trapped?
Oh, no.
Oh, without a touch.
Where would Kujo, where would they have been in the series without him?
Absolutely.
I'm just saying, you know, offensively, I'm just saying as a whole, I've just been general.
Those two guys really have been strong the past two months.
Yeah.
And without saying Curtis Joseph.
Right.
But you've been saying it for years.
I've been saying what for years?
That goal is ending with championships.
Right.
Look what happened to Ottawa.
How a big high school in Ottawa looked like the high school students were then.
That's the top.
They're making too much noise.
You're killing me.
They're all in your loud mobiles out there to make a noise.
Now, you know, I'm on a little piece in quiet.
Okay.
Too much noise on Queens Day and Amsterdam.
I'm just going to do that.
Five, six, seven.
We got two calls on the board.
This is the every time I go on vacation.
It's the same goddamn thing.
You come back and a great rating book.
The whole station went through the through the roof.
You come back here.
I spew my guts out for these people.
And it's like I'm talking to a funeral parlor.
Maybe if I spoke their language, okay?
Maybe if I went.
Often enough we get this goddamn phone board lit up here.
We get some action.
Just like Gilbert said, what are we going to see?
The action in this dead-ass town.
God.
Here's a mobile and Hollywood.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how's it going today?
Okay.
Hey, buddy.
You're pretty good about that.
Devils are getting beat by the fires.
I hope it comes true for your lease tonight.
And uh...
What was it?
How did it catch up on the day?
The devil's getting beat by the flyers tonight?
I hope they do.
The devils are playing the flyers tonight?
Are the new Jersey devils playing the flyers tonight?
Yeah, the devils are playing the flyers tonight, sir.
And my finger was in your rain.
Correct.
Okay, you jackass.
There's another South Florida hockey fan for you.
The devils are playing the Pittsburgh penguin tomorrow night, sir.
But don't confuse you with the fact.
You've got the right state.
That's good.
Philadelphia, Pittsburgh.
They're both in Pennsylvania.
Let's hear it for that guy.
There's one of our South Florida knowledgeable hockey fans for you.
Wouldn't know what God damn penguin.
If it's stuff that's God damn a wing up, they have wings.
Whatever it's got up in.
Correct them.
What are they got?
Well, they want to know what they're going to have.
They have wings, but they don't use them to fly.
Yeah, well, what are they?
How do they take a leak on a train?
Huh?
Write down that little hole, man.
Write down that shoot.
There's nothing like taking a leak.
And you know something, I would rather spend the next two and a half hours,
two hours and 35 minutes of my day,
taking a leak on a goddamn train from Cologne, Amsterdam.
Just the time would take me to get there, too, by the way.
And watching that you're in trickle down that tube out of the railroad tracks,
then sit here begging these bastards for calls today.
That's what I would rather do.
I'd rather just pee all over Germany for the next two and a half hours.
Then sit here and talk to a bunch of people,
and pretend they got some goddamn material.
Had two lunatics over there that shot their brains out and inside the school,
and for three hours afterwards,
while people are bleeding that we got the courageous SWAT team,
they're like carefully, or whatever the hell they were doing,
while people are bleeding that.
And then everybody's saying what a great job they did,
because oh, look at the way they're getting all the kids.
They're ushering them all out.
Well, of course, they're ushering them all,
because there's nobody shooting anybody.
They're dead.
Are you idiots?
Then we get a kid out there in Alberta.
Can't it have no less?
14-year-old kid, copycat.
Do you see that?
A couple of days later, he goes ahead and decides,
well, it's good enough for Little and Colorado.
It's good enough for us up here in Alberta.
We got nothing else going on.
I'm pissed off. Let's kill some kids.
Shoot two kids. Kill one of them.
Some little freebie town outside of Calgary.
We got a free bird up there.
And God, it was in Canada.
And then we had three or four others, by the way,
which didn't get a lot of publicity.
Or they thought, oh, well, I sound like a fun idea.
Let's try it.
Because that's you, Merck and F and Way.
Now, what is this story?
Now that he's got a title,
is he going to be like holding your hand in there and waiting for his chair?
Wait, he's for his chair for a while.
We had to borrow a chair for Footmasage Day,
so he's waiting to take it back.
You can take it out.
Now, you don't have to worry about disrupting this show.
How can you disrupt this show?
What are you laughing about?
The phone don't work half the time.
We got Jeff Cohen just came in here with lunch.
That's what he's really sitting there waiting for.
And I don't blame him.
Now we can get busy.
Okay, now we got some food in here.
Thank God for Jeff Cohen.
We brought enough food to feed the God damn Chinese army.
There you go.
We got, we got, we got, we even extended the table here.
The pizza lock coronal extension on our table.
Just so we have a special place to put the free food.
That's the way we operate a show in this, and this is not good to watch.
You're making too much noise, George.
Quit disrupting my show.
20, 27 after 11 at 5.60 QF.
When you stop making noise, you crazy degenerate Jew?
Jeff, not you, I'm talking about Jeff Cohen.
He's over here making noise.
Yeah, well, how about, let's have a word.
One of my laser.
The one that says F you want it.
Here, open your eyes wide.
It's real good for your eyesight.
Never hear a laser surgery.
20.
Even now I'm enjoying the show on this end.
Okay, you're in sucks out there.
Okay, but that's not unusual.
Lorenzo's Italian center is the place you want to visit because it's like going to Italy right here in North Miami Beach without even hopping on allotagia.
They've got everything for Mother's Day.
Many canola trays, regularly 15 bucks.
A dozen, not only nine bucks.
Lorenzo's super stone crabs on sale all on Mother's Day week, medium large jumbo and colossal stone crabs homemade mustard sauce 24948 ounces.
Also fresh live main lobster is a crook lobster lowest price in town.
It runs its own homemade Italian roast beef.
I've been roasted with olive oil, garlic, rosemary, bay leaves and spices regularly 699 to pound.
Now just 499 to pound one pound minimum.
Gets out for this best Italian sausage for 48 years.
They haven't been holding it on there for four.
You know what I'm talking about.
Look at how long this copy is for Christ's sakes.
Lorenzo's makes its own fresh homemade Italian sausage hotter, sweet, extra lean wine and cheese Italian sausage, meal sausage, chicken or turkey sausage,
Trial Lorenzo's special homemade sausage with provolone cheese, basil and peppers, all old fashioned and delicious.
Per Virginia, Bacci, famous Italian chocolate, 50 piece gift box, regularly 3750s, special for mom 1875.
Lorenzo's champagne and wine selection with the best imported domestic producers at the lowest prices for Mother's Day.
And it goes on and on and on.
Lorenzo's for over 40 years serving soft-fotable with only the best still going strong red on the corner, voice 6164-3 in North Miami Beach.
Your call Lorenzo's at 305-945-6381 and say, hey, we want some good stuff.
And boy, that copy sure was long.
Okay, anybody interested?
We got the Marlins, who they play in the Brewers in the Marlins. That ought to be big tonight, huh?
Anybody interested in that?
No.
Okay, so what do you want? Go over there and tell us what you want.
Let me find where the guest might guess here.
Go ahead.
And don't say nothing dirty on here.
Where do you play as pervert you have at the late on you.
I need somebody to repair my neon sign on the roof without ripping me off.
It's been worked on like a work.
And I'm not looking for something for free.
You're not snoring.
I just want to, you know, fair deal.
Just like we get pizza.
The pizza lot then will give you a good plug also by the way.
Right. There you go.
Just like your friends at Cisco Foods.
Right.
I'll be back at work in 30 minutes when I leave here so they could reach me on the phone.
Mm-hmm.
I want to get my sign fixed.
Now, where are you getting your next feature from your good friends at Cisco Foods?
By the way, Virgin Atlantic Airlines, if you ever do decide to go to Amsterdam again.
Right.
You fly to London from Miami to London and then it's a quick cop like half an hour over the Amsterdam.
The greatest airline in history.
If I mention that a few times today yet.
We're going on a cruise, sovereign of the seas.
Why?
That's what their trip is this year.
I would have preferred no one might be doing it.
I hear you've been doing a lot of cruising lately.
No, I'm working a lot.
That's what I hear.
That's all rumor.
That's what you have rumor told me.
And I said you keep saying things like that.
You won't get any more free meals at the pizza lot.
You said, oh, I think I made a mistake.
Right.
Oh, I didn't matter the commercial.
Did you see the two months plot of his wallet that night we ate in your place?
I didn't see his wallet that night.
Exactly.
That's my point.
Okay, get on here.
Thanks for the great food.
Jeff Cohen at Pizza Lock, he needs to get his knee on time.
Fixed it.
I got one call on the board, which is good.
We'll get it out of the way and then I'll eat and we'll play some stuff.
This is, it gets worse every time.
What did you do to the audience while I was gone?
Sorry.
I just got through the fending attempt.
What a great job you did.
Everybody I talked to says Georgia, except for a rumor,
who hates you like poison, things you suck.
You know what I never did bother to mention him on the air and what Mike Lang said about him.
About what Mike Lang said about rumor?
Totally forgot.
That's how much fun.
How lame he is.
But he's a nice guy and he's got a lot of contacts in the league, but he's pretty marginal.
Well, we know that.
Here's a mobile in Miami Beach.
Hello.
Mobile in Miami Beach.
Long gone.
Okay, like I said, here's the sunrise.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I'm not on Miami Beach.
I'm in sunrise.
That's what I just said.
Oh, okay.
How are you doing?
You're a sunrise.
Hello.
I'm glad you had a good day.
I thought that the radio on it.
I would never have the radio on if I knew I was up.
I'm not that much of an idiot.
Okay.
So how was Amsterdam?
You had a good time?
Right.
Georgia didn't do anything to the audience.
He did a wonderful show.
Where the hell is the, where is everybody?
How are you?
I feel bad.
I didn't call last week.
Georgia says don't feel bad.
Okay, good.
Anyway, listen.
Georgia has plenty of calls.
Georgia's always got a million calls when the phone is working.
I'm not going to call last week.
I'm not going to call last week.
I'm not going to call last week.
I'm not going to call last week.
I'm not going to call last week.
I'm not going to call last week.
I'm not going to call last week.
I'm not going to call last week.
I'm not going to call last week.
I'm not going to call last week.
I'm not going to call last week.
I'm not going to call last week.
I'm not going to call last week.
I'm not going to call last week.
I'm not going to call last week.
I'm not going to call last week.
What about the other 11 kids in the school teacher that God didn't take care of?
That's like Slavio Molosevic praying with Jesse Jackson and they left the three American
prisoners out the three soldiers.
They left them out.
What about the million people whose lives are destroyed and the ones who have been slaughtered
and the women who have been raped?
Do you hear what of his henchmen?
Look, this is for two.
Do you hear what the comment was?
Is the right-hand man Molosevic last week said when they had the reports about the raping of the Albanian women?
He said, oh, well, you know that those reports couldn't be true because they're too ugly.
We wouldn't touch them.
This is what he said.
They're doing sit-down comedy over there now in bad taste.
And then we said, okay, well, you want to do that kind of material.
You're off the air again.
This is what they're doing.
Keep knocking them off the air.
That's it.
A bunch of scumbag bastards, those Serbian lunatics, maniacs.
And we got this stuff of grandizing intruder into our foreign policy running around now, grandstanding again, coming back here.
He's going to tell us about our foreign policy.
Dummy up, Jesse.
What was that word again she said before?
We got with an N.
Here's plantation.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, listen, the guy's name you're thinking of is Arkhan.
And if George is going to have a future in radio, it's probably working for somebody like Arkhan.
Because he killed, listening to him last week was like nails on the chalkboard.
Who, Arkhan?
No, George.
Really?
Yeah.
He was absolutely dull boring with a little squeaky voice of his.
Yeah.
Let me ask you.
Is his voice squeaker than Geltie?
It's close.
Really?
Yeah.
They could do a show together and knock the whole station off.
I already assumed that George did a stellar job because I'm just complacent and I don't really care because I'm on vacation having a good time.
I shouldn't worry about it.
But you're the audience will get more.
No, but I think now you made a good point.
If there are other people who want to rip George, I think we ought to invite them to go.
I'm eating the free lunch.
No, I don't know.
What does he care?
Was it pathetic?
Maybe rumors got a point.
I think you should start looking for a job.
Okay, now let me ask you this.
Have you ever heard Jeff Rimmer do a Panther game on TV?
It's close.
This is toss up.
It was the most common inducing thing.
I mean, I fell asleep four times behind the wheel.
Because I had a call from a real nice spot.
I asked him about George's show last week and he said, hey, stuck.
Yeah.
It was absolutely.
Okay, the phones are lighting up.
Thank you, sir.
You made a lot of noise.
Thank you.
No, you can handle it.
Can't you?
They want to rip you an ass.
He doesn't care.
He's getting a free lunch.
The bothers him a lot.
He's got an ego problem.
When you rip him, you know, it's that hot-blooded Cuban stuff gets real upset.
I don't care what these people say.
Okay.
They're animals anyway.
Let them lose their holes.
In fact, that's what's going to happen.
They got to fire the manager.
The marlins are going to say they're animals anyway.
Let them lose their bowls.
Isn't that what they're going to say?
Joe?
They're not even listening.
I'm paying attention to what I'm talking about.
They're busy eating free food like old Jews.
Do you ever notice that when the free food shows up?
I'm dealing with the people that are really wonderful to me out here,
but they don't want to go in the air.
Meaning what?
Hasn't screwed that.
No, we don't have to have a suck fest.
Now, I want honest opinions.
Okay.
This is what the...
Now, all of a sudden, every line on the board is lit up.
This is what they want to talk about.
This is not the first time I went on vacation and you filled in.
We've been doing this for several months now.
I didn't think we had to go through this exercise, but, you know,
I gave my great material out there, which are quite frankly.
I thought we were sensational.
I thought I'd do the first hour 20 minutes today
should win some kind of a Pulitzer goddamn prize.
That's right.
I mean, it may sound a little arrogant for me to say that.
And I might like lean over and lick myself all over my body,
but what the hell nobody else will, I have to.
Oh, God.
And even Joe's taken a personal out too,
because he was a partner in crime with George New Show
while I was on vacation.
So, Joe Castello gets...
Now you're going to be called up Riffin' Joe too,
saying he was too tough on the carers.
On your tea, it was a lot nicer to the carers than George,
which is why I was a little spits cut on your five pounds on Friday.
Way too nice.
Way too nice.
Push over that, chef.
Yeah.
He needs to be a lot more Italian.
I'll try to that.
I'm talking about from the Sicilian part of the country.
He's too like, you know, Millanese.
Too like Northern European.
He needs to be more Sicilian-y.
Whatever that means.
Sounds good.
24 noon at 560 W.
There's a great Schuster in Pomano Beach Grandi Schoes.
It's a Megastor with over 40,000 pair of men's and women's famous brand Schoes.
Your mornings will never be the same.
Starting this Monday on 560 WQAM,
it's the morning air.
Herb Oscar Anderson.
Now follow again.
Here's 5SVU.
Are you guys all crazy?
Yeah, I'm a fan of you.
Yeah.
Way up in Herb Oscar Anderson.
Monday through Friday, 610 AM.
On 560 WQAM.
Minus.
Minus.
Minus.
Back down.
Minus.
Yeah.
Minus.
Minus.
Minus.
Minus.
Minus.
Minus.
Minus.
Minus.
Minus.
Minus.
Minus.
Minus.
Minus.
Minus.
Minus.
Hi kids.
You all like cutting little sneakers?
That funny little sound that comes right out your fingers?
Yeah, I want to be.
Want to copy me and do exactly like I do?
Get paid for writing little songs about boo-boo.
My brains are gone.
I'm trying to get my groove on.
But I can't figure out which spice girl I'm gonna fart on.
Hey Dr. Dreass.
Yo, man, you passed good.
Hey, I'm not.
What do I smell at?
Man, you look wet.
Well, since age 12, it seemed like I always smell like thought ripping gases in
June was pretty swell.
I got this off when I took my jeans off and farted so hard, and turned my look to a backwards,
like Chris Cross.
And every night I'm like, oh, dinner's at.
Then one at my ass, fast and a fat bitch who ain't too fat.
Smell this honey.
Yo, get away to my ass, bro.
I don't give a f**k.
God sent me to take some world up.
My ain't it.
My ain't it.
My ain't it.
That's f**k.
Yeah.
My ain't it.
My ain't it.
My ain't it.
My ain't it.
That's f**k.
You can see she wanted me kicked out back in junior high.
Said the problem was, something broke up my ass and died.
I shot him in the face with my vapor.
The worst happened later when I covered his death with his toilet paper.
We walked in the strip club.
My testers were filled up.
Moons of Bob Tanning took a dump and a tip club.
Went over to a dance and had a f**k and a garner.
She lifted a leg up and I knew she was a father.
That's right.
Said in my life, I was lied to.
I just found out my mom got all gas and I knew.
I told her I throw up to be a famous rapper.
They were raccorded about strange noises.
They'd all make crap up.
You know you would've dirt when the living first leaves.
You'd drive the whole back, but you'd bust and eat and relieve us.
This guy to watch gas and settle is pretty cool.
But I had to go.
Go drop the kids off and move.
My ain't it.
My ain't it.
My ain't it.
My ain't it.
Eat.
My ain't it.
My ain't it.
My ain't it.
Melt.
Eat.
My ain't it.
My ain't it.
My ain't it.
Melt.
Eat.
Okay, so I'm 47 to 5.50.
I'm going to film great lunch from Jeff Cohen today.
It's the official lot.
Nice going, Tony.
You know what I'm going to tell you.
You also got out of here real quick, which we appreciate.
Get that neon sign fixed form, okay?
We want to make sure you make a lot of money.
5.670560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Our poll question today, can't it must much.
Oh, George or Jeff Rimmer?
Who is the greater broadcaster?
I know this is a tough one.
This is a low blow, but I think they both deserve it since they hate each other like poison.
Now, what was it you said about him?
That he was condescending, demanding, impudent, super-siliest.
Super-siliest.
He go without a cause.
He go maniac.
Yeah.
You already said chiefs.
And what about his Panther telecast?
They stopped.
Okay.
5.670560, 0560 on the AT&T line.
We're trying to find something today that will turn these bastards on, and they're dead as a door nail.
And they like that.
Here's a mobile and pepper pine.
Hello.
Hey, you know how you doing, buddy?
Okay, so by the way, don't be calling George off the air and stuck in his ass and tell me,
we'll talk to him.
Go ahead, sir.
I'm sorry.
I'll talk to those people.
I got a busses that are too accordingly to speak to me.
All right.
I got a bus of things.
First of all, I just got back from Vegas.
Great.
I stayed in Mandalay day.
It was beautiful.
Was it that bridge that bridge?
Is it still on the right side up?
Oh, yeah.
That was a matter of time.
Good.
And that was at a great time there.
So far, the Plasma, I thought pretty exciting.
I want you know, a bunch of the games.
My pitchers, how'd you like Pittsburgh and Jersey yesterday, boy?
Yeah, I passed by Schrock.
I got wood.
It was amazing.
It was perfect.
I didn't know that game.
Yeah.
It's still there.
Okay.
It's still here.
Okay.
The other thing, Curtis Joseph, absolutely phenomenal last night.
He played incredible.
First time that it's in the game, he turned the whole year around for the Maple Leafs.
I'm happy.
I'm glad it's been going on.
I'm well at cup right now.
And I think what he's working on is wearing it.
And the last thing, can you put in a new erection song for me?
Okay.
I love it.
And have a great day.
I'll bet you do.
A lot of loud the cell phones today, like that.
They all sound like that good guy, but bad cell phone.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Where's all the people with their comments on George that are ca sucking his butt off the
ear?
Look, I'm going to believe that.
I'm going to believe him relaying the message.
Oh, I had 600 calls.
They all said I did a great job.
I'm sure he did a great job, but I'm just double checking out.
Because we had a couple of people who sounded like almost human or said, man, oh man, it was
a moment.
Then somebody even mentioned Rimmer.
I think it was me, which I apologize for.
That was a low shot and uncult.
That was a below the bell shot and I apologize.
Proficially, I get penisized.
10 points for that.
Here's a mobile and Davy.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You wanted to know about somebody that went on a train one time.
That did it on a train.
Yes, sir.
I was on the auto train.
It was in early January up near Washington.
Of course, that's the worst experience you can have.
It was going on that thing.
But it's like an airliner.
Very similar, except they put it in a holding tank.
After you flush a thing open, then it dumps on the track.
After you flush, it dumps on the track.
Yes.
The only difference is that they actually have a receptacle at the bottom.
The one in Europe, there was nothing there, just a hole at the bottom.
This thing puts it in a receptacle where it's dumped into the blue water.
I have a blue, the magic blue liquid I love it.
The magic blue water, then they run it through this thing called a massorator,
which is like a blender.
Then it goes out the bottom.
All right. Thanks for the good news, sir.
By the way, one more thing.
Yes, sir.
I don't know if anybody told you I just tuned in.
Nobody has told me squad.
I'm on the attorney on TV who was complaining about the video games.
I don't know if you can mention his name.
Oh, you mean Jack Thompson?
Yes.
I didn't see it. I heard about it.
I heard he's starting up again.
He's got to have something to keep him busy, you know.
He was on 60 minutes with some other guy.
They were, they're going to sue the makers of the Zoom games.
Oh, my God.
Great.
Like I said, keep him off the streets.
There you go.
Have a great day, sir.
Same old, tired stuff, but the same old crusading and everything.
Just like this couple, we got Paul and Jody Hoffman.
The undergrad, everything is a gay conspiracy.
Everything is filthy.
Everything is so dirty.
Yadi, yadi, yadi.
Bull crap.
Bull crap.
If you don't, if you don't have enough basic common sense,
common intelligence to respect human life and know the difference between blowing somebody away
and a video game, then all I can say is,
break the camp, okay, and I don't mean summer camp.
What's the plan?
And then they're talking about the frontal lobe of the brain and the criminal mind and all this other pseudo intellectual horse crap.
How come it's like in America?
See, we do have these terrorist things going on, like the one they had in London the other night at the gay bar,
and then the one they had at the two previous ones.
And guess what?
Three days later, they catch the guy.
They got his ass right now, the guy with a baseball cap that did the three terrorist bombings in London in the past a couple of weeks.
They got him right now.
How come over there?
How come the goddamn bloody silly British?
How come their police work is so much better than ours?
That the TV news anchor woman that got shot and killed over there a few days ago,
they already got the composite drawing of the suspect.
They're going to have him in no time at all too.
But over here, we go, you know, I guess it wouldn't be good for Judge Judy.
Would it?
And by the way, Mayor Crotch, he's off.
He's history.
That's where he'll probably wind up in Tamarack.
Where he'll wind up in Wilton Manors.
That would be a real good place for Red Crotch.
Wilton Manors.
By the way, how's that Brook Daniel show coming, huh?
Anybody see this?
Where it is?
Nice going, Brook.
Here's a woman that took the Rick and Todd's audience and destroyed it.
They only had the Brook Daniel's Memorial Concentration Camp for destroying an entire audience.
She butchered them.
She destroyed them.
She made them disappear.
And Hank Goldberg right away says, thank you, profusely Brook.
Thank you, profusely, for driving the entire audience.
That's yeah.
You ought to salute her today, Hank.
You ought to do chemical salute to that babbling Brook.
Even people that aren't gamblers that never watched a ball game that couldn't give a crap less.
Even they're listening to the Humper right now.
This is the way of protesting that babbling idiot.
And a fastened at peak soldier.
I think if you've ever seen Pete Bolger and Slobby O on the most of its together,
same person.
He just dies his hair at the joint over here.
He dies at the joint.
Here's Carl Gables.
Hello.
Any else?
Yes sir.
I don't believe that last caller about the dumping at the bottom of the train from the tracks.
That's how you do it sir.
You dump on the tracks.
You know what I'm going to do?
I just, I got a brainstorm while he was talking.
I'm going to, my next vacation, I'm going to just stay on the train.
I'm going to take the German tour.
I'm going to cover the intact.
I'm going to crap on the Rhine land.
That's what I'm going to do.
I'm just going to, I'm going to take like sorbitol.
I'm going to like take a whole bunch of sorbitol with me.
And the whole time I'm going to be like, to lose my direct all over the Rhine land is a way
good and even with those Nazi bastards.
That's pretty wild.
Hey listen, I got a couple of arbitrarian radio ratings diaries here.
Great.
We love you.
I was wondering who I should be giving the ratings to, rather than you of course.
Whoever you, whoever you listen to sir, you know I can't twist your arm.
Tiffany should I, should I, should I write that I listen to you today but not on Thursday and Friday
so that it looks like the ratings go up.
Have a great day.
Thank you.
God bless you.
All right.
Okay, love and kisses.
We don't want to influence you but listen a lot.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the, yeah they get real nervous up there in Belfastville, Maryland.
Like we need to fix diaries on this show.
We're sitting there with over an 11 share in men, 25.
What did we have last winter by the way?
Where is that book?
Is it here?
Is it my house?
The full rating book?
Somebody in the building will know.
What did we do at that first?
Remember we had the gigantic first book?
Men 25 54.
We couldn't have certainly done much better than that.
And 11 share in men 25 54 between 10 and 2, which will have the exact number when we extract,
when fat board gets around and we're straplating it.
When the hardware comes in if he doesn't eat it first.
Oh and finally I'm so glad that guy called about Arbitron.
It's God bless you sir, for more reasons than one.
You want to know why?
Because guess who hasn't been writing?
Guess who hasn't been writing about the Arbitron books all the time.
I've been having all these great numbers over here.
And the station's been doing pretty damn good most of the time.
Damn, real damn good.
You know I'll give you a hint.
You're spitting stupid!
Yeah guess what?
It's not a trend anymore.
It's the full book time, Chica.
We're waiting with suspended animation.
Three to write a big fat piece in your God damn newspaper there.
In a scum sentinel about how QAM kicked very serious all over town.
Not just that bitfag in the midday, but every day part, morning, midday, afternoon.
Even the nighttime went up a little, which is a major miracle.
In fact you know something we probably have better numbers tonight if we were broadcasting the miracle.
As opposed to the Marlins.
Any interest in the Marlins games whatsoever?
No.
Marlins in the brewer's, that's a biggie.
Tonight?
No.
I see no more comments about the job you did.
And not interesting how they all of a sudden dumb you up, they clammed up.
There are bunch of pussy's.
The ones that want to rip you an ass, they're terrified to call because they think that I'll hang up on the right way.
And the ones that want to kiss your ass, they want to do it right to you, they don't want to tell me.
They're too cowardly to speak to me directly.
Like I've said before, there's a pussy on every street corner man in this town.
There's a whole bunch of pussy's on every street corner.
You see where you am, my honey, we're parted in.
How I love to lick a clip and that is why I become a singing lesbian nun.
Mr. Mary Caster, rent with so in front with what I done to you gave me action with her son.
All right.
Can you see, for safety in these, that's just some whence number one, the pie's I was on nuns.
No.
Found a way to make some cash and hope the royal piece will last because retired nuns don't get nuns.
I never made it that big cause I didn't look that great.
So I got the undo, had it, who in drugs and getting way.
Had my one only hit him and the Vatican got hit the both bad there's my big.
Now that I'm dead I can't reveal how much I wanted Sally feels to go whistling in my week.
You know, if you have to do it at 560 WQ on the award winning Hank Goldberg show, especially courtesy of Brook Daniels by the way,
has risen to the top and above the top.
Nice going, Brook.
He'll be here at two from my show list day two.
Our poll question today is, can this must macho.
What are we going to do about the ethnic minorities in this town by the way?
Now, seriously, I'm thinking of these ratings.
Can you imagine the numbers we could have if award for these skull and skull stations?
Look at every, and now the skull stations went down.
I couldn't find as many skulls as they were busy doing something.
I'm not sure what.
Maybe each other reproducing.
But they sure made up with it with Holy Osinist's latest rating book, Radio Mumbi.
Look at them going through the roof there.
12 plus number two overall.
Look at that.
What a bogus thing that is from a 440 WQ 530.
Their cube goes jumping away up there in midday.
Look at that.
430 WQ 550 midday, Radio Mumbi.
No speaking English.
And a cube is going up.
How can we be if he's going up?
Are we bringing in more old Cuban people?
Is that it?
Yes!
Thank you.
Yeah, that's what we're doing.
Why do you think that they never run out of players that the domino games in domino park?
Every time some old cross the old Cuban fart dies down there, they ship in some new ones.
Here's a lady in Cutler Ridge.
Hello?
Yes, the morning meal.
Yes, ma'am.
Good afternoon.
I'm one of your British bloody females.
I want a great airline.
It's too bad we couldn't understand what they were saying on the airline, but they were speaking British.
I've been listening to you for 19 years.
Right.
And I listen to George when you're gone.
He's very polite and he does a great job.
Well, there you go.
He does a great job.
What's with all these sour pushes we got out there?
No matter what we do there, we got nothing but instant credit.
Well, they should turn the knob, if they don't like it.
They should have something else.
Probably what they are doing is turning their knob.
Oh, okay.
I'm still going to different knob.
Right.
But I think he did a great job.
Well, we stopped at the heat row.
You know, I went away back from Ames to them to make our connection.
What a place.
Heat row?
I can't stand it.
To Thailand.
I got a...
I got a...
I got to...
It's more civilized.
In fact, at heat row, you don't even have to look for the toilet, because when it moves
straight to you, you're in the toilet.
You just put it loose.
You just cut it loose.
Plenty of them walking around there.
Although we didn't enjoy a little snack in there.
It had a little toe in the hole and some spotted dip or lunch.
Oh, I spotted dip right.
Right.
Yeah.
That's a gentle idea.
That's a gentle idea.
The spot always scare me away.
Okay, well, listen.
Thanks for the good news.
George says I've to kill your meters.
Okay, whatever that is.
See you.
We get, we get, we get.
That's what the better airpods.
Say goodbye.
I love that Virgin Atlantic Airlines.
Boy, they're the best.
The rates are...
I'm telling you, man, what a great airline.
They're priced like that.
Wow.
I can be afforded to go back and forth every weekend, I think.
Now, 5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Cooper City.
Hello.
Yeah.
I can wait.
Here's Lake Worth.
Hello.
Yeah, I, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'm up at Lake Worth.
I was watching CNBC, the stock program, and some fellow came on Rob Glazer, CEO of Real
Network.
And the commentator said, well, not at your program, you have your program, Real Network.
I can listen to Neil Rogers on the BQAM.
Yeah.
I was surprised to hear your name on the television there.
How do you like that?
Probably Ted David put them up that call.
You know, Ted David that works on CNBC on a stock stuff.
He's a big fan of the company.
Yeah, I called me a few weeks ago and it was down here on vacation.
Oh.
Probably Ted calling and doing a little plug.
Thanks, Ted.
That was nice.
Yes, sir.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
Okay, thank you.
I've been doing you do Kiliman's Keater or something?
Kilococross?
Plus top of the zip.
But we've got a lot of open lines here today.
Very weak.
I mean, all I'm going to do, I'm going to enjoy the rest of my lunch.
Did you have your healing?
Yeah.
How did I tell you?
They're monster, man.
They're gigantic.
And here it is, maybe you have a...
May the period be bigger than ever.
I'm going to be a little bit more patient.
I'm going to be a little bit more patient.
I'm going to be a little bit more patient.
I'm going to be a little bit more patient.
I'm going to be a little bit more patient.
I'm going to be a little bit more patient.
I'm going to be a little bit more patient.
I'm going to be a little bit more patient.
I'm going to be a little bit more patient.
I'm going to be a little bit more patient.
I'm going to be a little bit more patient.
I'm going to be a little bit more patient.
I'm going to be a little bit more patient.
I'm going to be a little bit more patient.
I'm going to be a little bit more patient.
I'm going to be a little bit more patient.
I'm going to be a little bit more patient.
I'm going to be a little bit more patient.
I'm going to be a little bit more patient.
I'm going to be a little bit more patient.
I'm going to be a little bit more patient.
I'm going to be a little bit more patient.
I'm going to be a little bit more patient.
I'm going to be a little bit more patient.
I'm going to be a little bit more patient.
I'm going to be a little bit more patient.
I'm going to be a little bit more patient.
I'm going to be a little bit more patient.
I'm going to be a little bit more patient.
I'm going to be a little bit more patient.
Just mind-blowing, baby.
The back sheet voice is bigger than ever.
It's made the third.
1999.
And Somebody last year, A Douding Comisset...
Oh, you're from Douding.
Nobody ever heard that many more.
There are no in sync.
That was fast.
You're out of sync and out of line.
So anyway, I'm going to wait till I have the break.
I have got the attend to two number.
Even you, you better strap yourself in right now.
When you hear the number that we did here in this last book,
I'm going to tell you right now the president of beesleaves
with their crappy suits.
They ought to be in here on their hands and knees right now.
But we'll pass, because I just had lunch.
I'm serious, man. This is so unbelievable.
On this Makefully Goddamn radio station to get a number like this.
Even an Amsterdam, I never got a number like that.
I had a few numbers.
10 past noon at 5.60 WDQA.
Why not do yourself a big favor today?
Get to the phone and order yourself a brand new mattress
from our good friend at Dilemma.
Then you find a good number, and you can do him right on that great new mattress.
Since 1979, Dilemma has been selling quality named brand mattresses.
The top of the business served a few sevens and lots more
at up to 60% off department store prices.
Many delivered you in just a couple hours after you make the call in the extra charge.
When they get there, they set up the new mattress.
They take away the old nasty crappy bedding.
If you're not 100% satisfied, they take the mattress away.
The new one with no questions asked.
It's 100% guaranteed.
You can't go wrong.
You're going to save a ton of money and sleep better overnight too.
Call right now.
Have your mattress set up in your house in just a few hours.
Starts late, but in serious comforts starting tonight.
If you mention the Elijah Show, they'll take 50 bucks more
off the purchase of a premium mattress.
Call Dilemma-Jourous right now.
Tool free.
It's 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S.
1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S.
Leave off the last S.
It stands for Strakka.
This is 560-C-A-L.
In the journal, Orange Jellogastics.
X-Lax, you won't be able to act.
Time at that.
Just an X-Lorb.
It's no wonder the Shonda-N-A6.
Flaretip or my gut.
That's a trim level.
They've flourished into capacity.
Over the gravity, density,
Spho-Shin-A-D-Shia,
Thode-D-My-Daw,
Chicta-Squeen, and Hestamine.
Movie-Litricola,
Luff, Has-Per-Dum,
Metal-U-Zoo-Kinnobo,
It's Ferry-Yum.
Mammal, Venom-O,
Shaka-Lak-Ananagane,
Camel-O-Pete,
There is EZ-Rooft,
And Scotch-A-Gallant-Zorbidol,
Does the Ant-Islet of Warts?
With the big,
The baby is in the black day.
Today they can fall out.
I'm broke,
You look for names,
And the drugs,
Oh, yeah.
You fall of the toy of Endara-Cream-O-R,
Sins and Puffer-It, Dead-Man,
Etc.
And Robert doesn't want to play.
Try a minute,
Crucelyx,
No-Tool-Squeed-Ball,
Probo-Sethos-Squeed-Grets,
I have a potion potion,
Raising that tag in that
Play-Tex-Malcon-X-Dick-Tack-E-S-A-Can-Night-Tome-I-Lat-E-E-S-A-Callant-Zor-Tos-R-I-E-S-A-C-D-S-E-D-S-E-D-S-E-D-S-E-D-S-E-D-S-E-D-S-E-D-S-E-D-S-E-D-S-E-D-S-E-D-S-E-D-S-E-D-S-E-D-S-E-D-S-E-D-S-E-D-S-E-D-S-E-D-S-E-D-S-E-D-S-E-D-S-E-D-S-E-D-S-E-D-S-E
Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y
Hurricane's defenseman Steve Chason was killed early Monday when his pickup truck overturned
while returning home from the team's playoff loss in Boston. Chason, 32 and native of very
Ontario, died about 4.15 this morning in North Raleigh, Cooper-Kale, a horn of the state highway
patrol said. Speaking of more bad news, these numbers that we just brought in here by our
new Hatchock clearance, I think Jeff Hygay goes to.
Jeff Hygay was there couldn't see him, he was lurking in the hallway.
I saw him. Like I said, were you good smell? Well that's right, I got him confused with
Josh Frieden now. But at any rate, thank you very much Josh, whatever your name is,
Josh Hygay. But these are from last year from the Wooden Book Lab, which I did ask for
these right? Wow, look at that. From 10 to 2 last year, men 25 54, we had a 12.7.
Woo, we're not going to do no 12. We might do about 11.5, huh? Now that they're on to
this place, here's the mobile and tempered pine. Hello?
Neil? Yes sir. That's two things to say. Talk Hatchie and horses. Hatchie first to all.
I can't believe you've missed all these. Well, are you watching while you're over there?
No. Not at all. How can I see him? Of course not. I don't know, maybe I figured the way you
travel, everything first class and everything. I'm going to wait a little bit.
Let me can do a scrounge for the scores and the highlights, that's all they can do.
And that's about it. Well there have been some phenomenal games. You got home in time last
night to see the end of the Pittsburgh game? Yes sir. Oh, well that's just amazing.
I mean just a phenomenal, anyhow, I'm going to show you.
The younger he's playing it about 60% probably. Still, Andrew, he's still got the bad
growing. He goes into, gets the time goal would just over.
The time goal and the game would just suck in, truck him makes that unbelievable pass to set
up the overtime, whether it's just incredible. It was phenomenal. Now when's the last time
you've seen a 7 and an 8 seed both advanced in the same year? Been awhile? Yeah.
Haven't it? Just something kind of interesting, you know. Yeah but like I said, it's not
like Buffalo and Pittsburgh were bad teams.
Not at all, but still it's just you know you don't see it. It's not like the West. It's not like a Western conference
We've got some really garbage team. We have four teams over there. We have four teams over there that can win it all in the West
Anyhow meanwhile I take it you also didn't do the derby. No, he did not okay
Have anyone called you get to tell you how much exposure? No pun intended ABC gave Hank no
He was calling the damn race without Michael's. I mean it was it was him and our Michael's two of them Hank had more exposure
I can't believe he was calling the race. What do they do? No, no, they've got no way
No, not calling the race like Dave Johnson, but he was right there. It was I mean like how Michael's and hangover
Yeah, they were the two main. You do understand that Hank goes at all the book Daniel
I just couldn't and can I tell you something on thanks perhaps yeah, you looked and found the better than he has in a long long
A lot of ways. Well, I mean not that but he actually on the he's someone not to dress them because he didn't he wasn't dressing like the
Shluck in the family when you when you when you're a big fat tummy guy like he has been most of his life and like I used to be
It's very hard to dress to find anything that you know a nice-looking dress all right
Well ABC really played him up and he he was up to the task and he
The hell of a challenge
He had this killer book he'll probably be on his way to well, you know
The rumor is that he's going to the fan in New York just a joke Hank. It's just a joke right and one last thing. Yes
Show chance car. Okay
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line. We got 400 open lines today here somebody wants the best George and sunrise. Hello
Yeah, I just want to say I'm glad you back
Yeah, could you bring the tapes back? I mean he kept saying he was holding his a material it never ever even showed up
That one
This North Carolina that yeah, he was against vouchers, but then he's gonna use them
Said that he had women's feet on because he had no topic on Monday. They smell
trolling for calls. He's just a wanted. He was trolling for calls. I'm dying for calls
He has more calls in one day than I get in a week. Yeah, well, I'll punch George. Okay. Thanks. There's a guy. I like your show George
So we had to make a few things up okay to justify his position is just the position
I'm asking for honest opinions here and all I get over a bunch of wise guys, which is fine
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line
Here's Miami hello
Miami hello, yes, sir. Neil. Yes, I am just want to tell you about a endorsement
You just got a national TV about a half hour ago just heard about it. Oh, you did hear about the NBC right Ted David
I know it was my good buddy Ted David. Thank you. You're a great guy now
It's now if Ted wants to make it perfect. He can give me a tip on a good stock and I can get out of here
It was those years every day on Q.A.M. All right, and just want to let you good news. Thank you, sir
You're great man. God bless you. God bless Ted David. Good Jewish boy
He's the only exception of the world don't ever trust anybody with two first names except head David at one time
I'll make this exception like Michael said in Godfather one just this one time K
You can ask me about my business. I'm still got a lot of you. I'm still gonna tell you no, but nevertheless
How do you like that? Ted David. They love me on CNBC. Like I said, why don't they give me a stock?
I don't want to talk about stocks like Rick and Sons although they did a nice job there boys in the morning
I
Mean they were up from a from like a nothing from a point nine from John Ford's invisible morning audience to a 2.8
Damn it right. Nice going boys
And they had a and keep in mind they had a talk Rick Riley had a talk people you're in a salvaging for them a job
Do you only number they got the whole goddamn day that means anything?
And they had a beg to keep a job over there in the morning or at any other time
Because this genius the assassin though that there is put no talent like
On the air
God and you wonder why I bitch about this business
There are some talented people. There's some good people in this business and then there's Pete Bolger
There's him. He's an asshole. He makes me look like a goddamn Sunday school teacher like the good humor man
That's what kind of an assassin he is
In fact, I got news for if he offered a room in his house to all the Albanians they would turn him down
It all say that's right. We'll stay out here in the middle of the desert and then for ourselves
We'll stay in 10th city. Thank you
Because we know that when push comes the shove you'll push us off the cliff
You'll stay you'll stick it to us and I know you're listening right now Pete and believe me
This isn't stick. This is for real. This is from the heart. It's right from the right to you
Not and I don't need are you in a assassin, but you're a dumb assassin
You're not only screw people over. I mean big time, but you don't even know what you're doing. You know I'm talking about
Put that piece of silly pus on here. All we got to hear one more time about how she waxed through a thing or whatever she did
Remember that
Now you know where she belongs. She's on the wrong station. She belongs on a waxy
That's where she belongs. She could be undertaken Sandy Peyton spot and I do mean spot
She could be a moving in on her spot the one that and vacated I guess
Here's a mobile invoker. Hello
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? Well, great. Thank you
Listen a couple comments first hockey comment. I'll let those penguins in maple leaf yesterday. Yeah
Amazing. I normally you know what helped jogger get for yesterday
They said he wrapped his leg. He was wearing skin divers pants. Is that it? Yeah
To help to help him with his growing so
But normally I don't like Mike Mike the geek emery, but he did have a good comment yesterday late in the game on the penguin game
Yeah, he said there's 15,000
35 fans in attendance and if the penguins win there's going to be another 15,000 that said that they were going to be here
Right, I thought that was pretty good. No, in other words
That's the real number you just pick in the number because the place holds 17,000
Nah, he said that's what I thought, but he said 15,000 so well
Let me take a look sir because I know that in some of the playoff games in Pittsburgh with that lagging franchise that hang in by a thread on
You know, and Mary old wants to bail him out and some other let's see a tenant you're right
15376 they had
1600 empty unsolved seats for a big playoff game a pivotal playoff game that turned out to be one of the great games
You'll ever see in your life and they had 1600 and they want to save that franchise those people in Pittsburgh don't deserve that franchise
Well, I don't know. I don't know. It's a great it's a great sports town
Way about how would you like to swap the penguins for the Panthers? You want to do that right away? No
Why not? No
Well, the other thing is you wouldn't take the penguin team for the Panther team. No
Okay
But that other thing on the auger goal if you watch the replay again
Yager was going to the bench. Yeah, just at the end of his shift and as soon as he saw struck at the blue line
Steel the puck he made it you turn and took a b-line right from in that
You wouldn't get any of that effort from the Panthers
Okay, have a great day. Yeah, I think he missed my point. I was saying would you take the peng you mean follow what I'm saying
I was saying the okay
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound. I just don't express myself well
Maybe if I could just become a little bit more articulate a little bit more outspoken if I come out of my shell
I just express myself and see what I meant
Maybe then I could get my point across you think so sorry
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one on see we've only one or two trouble makers
They thought you did just fine and you're all paranoid and psychotic and you're don't tell me that you're not yet
You want to say what's the same little hulio faggot that bug you when you're on the air
I
Didn't talk to any of them
No, that's what was bugging me last week and they'd they'd been calling off here to yeah
We'll take away their goddamn visa and mastercard and goddamn if an American express too, okay
And their JC penny charge and Sears and their passport and
Deport their ass. Okay send them up to Baltimore for that game tonight and then have to they'll take them back in the fix them up good
Bunch of little spicks bunch of little no life spicks
I got a little club little grab ass club. That's what they got
But you know what do you expect for what do you expect from a bunch of repressed little hulios?
That's a gate club you moron. I see you and Rose and Amsterdam by the way out not
I mean some effort they made they know the hotel where staying at Rose calls leaves a message
We hadn't checked in the rooms aren't gonna be ready for a couple of hours
We don't get the phone number. I don't have his phone number there
We go ringing a doorbell over there a few times try everything in our power if you believe that to get a hold of them
Did they call back to the hotel? No, they didn't want to see us I guess huh? No, okay
Planet 4-8's evolved from men and now it's the continuing episodes of beaver and butthead
That's cool. Look. I'm stroking my wieners
Yeah, I know that feeling
I bet you feel pretty good
tune in next episode when butthead hangs out with beaver's mom
Did you fart? Yes, I did
1231 at 560 wqm happy Monday to you a very lethargic crowd as usual
I expected to come back from vacation this tower be like a smoking like it was when I left
Oh, that was the everglades. That was smoking
So what happened to the rain a little bit while I was gone or what it rained a little bit?
They got some control burns going on. They got an under control
That's no fun
Wasn't it a lot more fun watching the recastances of all hysterical?
I'm not lately news and seeing how much closer the fires were getting to residential areas and then we're getting ready to cross the
Everglades, you know alligator rally
Wasn't that a lot more fun uh-huh for the crazy people in the media
560 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. I want a candy bar
What do we have those little Snickers bars or did you have high e-dama? What were they were they Snickers?
Would they like just a little tiny like those king queen size?
Here's a mobile and four-letter deal. Hello
Yeah, hi Neil this is a good to have you back. I was going to let you know uh
I'm either a hulio or a bag and I don't agree with most of the things you say but you are very entertaining
Yes, George had no material whatsoever
All he did was talk about star wars and how what a bad time he had in high school
S.I. Love seeing down on the water. Yeah. Yeah, so uh next time definitely the tape. Okay, he was terrible
Okay, thanks for the thanks for the endorsement no chance on the tape
And it's not a question of like are we voting on the tapes again because other tapes coming back of course not
I mean, I'm just asking for an honest opinion. I can't get these people on this guy least whether you like it or not
He said his piece. Okay. He thought you sucked next time river no sas so you are taking his personal now
Oh
We need to do a hockey show. That's what we need to get to get these numbers back down to a more manageable level like ones and twos
Yeah, once you start doing these big numbers again double digits. Oh
Oh, man, it gets to be an unmanage and untenable situation
Here's a mobile and tamarack. Hello
Uncle Neil how you doing? Yes, sir. Doing great, sir
Oh, that's fabulous. You back from a wonderful vacation. I'm back here in this to outdoor toilet
Oh
You just you kill when you're gone. I just I picture all the fun things you're doing and I'm stuck here in this cesspool
How bad assess pool people, but anyway
George I can tell from the first time George was on to this time um, yeah market improvement
S. L. S. Inbound at I go wild right I'd he's a much more entertaining now and um some intellectual conversations
Um, you know that we had intellectual conversations on it. Yeah
There was some um, there's some good religious stuff going on
Don't tell me did religion again. Oh
Oh, no, he did another guy tried to tell him unless he unless he's willing to accept the god damn lord
He's never gonna make it in this business. I know. She's a Christ more anti-religious stuff damn it
It was pretty it was pretty good stuff. Hey, tell me what do you think? Um blues coming back from three one down
We got a chance on um on Tuesday. Yeah, the great wall of hobby born great. Well, he's like more like a
Suv
He has played a very a very good series so far. He has oh an excellent now when I saw I saw high low lights
He was letting in goals that I could have stopped and my grandma could have stopped. She's in dead for 25 years
They had the the blues out of a
two on none on a on a shorthanded situation. Yeah, he stopped them dead cold. I know you hate the blues
But um, I do yes like I said let's go Phoenix. Okay, let's go on Nikolai
Ha like the guy on CNN international said how about the boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob boob
Got probably came from soft forties real hockey expert that guy on CNN and they got these people on CNN international
They all have that real constipated. They're either from South Africa
I think they sound like they haven't had a ball move in about 30 years. They may have been riding trains over those tracks too much
To lose what tracks
All of a sudden we got hockey talk here how those panthers coming into playoffs by the way
There's some of the passing front of the net
Braves trying to get a shot and it was like another shot
The better than
Or
stars
The gay bar is on and scores for Toronto on the power playing
59.2 seconds
And this place has become a more on a tighted juggled a little carried away with that call great the great jill ball
But I'm going to say this at least at least he was hysterical the worst call of a big goal in the history of the sport Bob cool on
CBC last night. I think Bob is napping at these games, you know, I think he's taking a little nap now and then
Somebody poke him. Maybe here we need to get my little poke in the ribs. Tell me just score the goal. Okay, Harry
man
Old king Cole is a mariole soul. I think it's time to ship him back to San John
See it, Cole
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Hello, yes, sir. Yeah George Rodriguez is articulate and well informed
I'm a brow. It's big and I enjoy listening in and these moans that are calling haven't read a good book since
Yeah green egg and ham probably since green eggers right
So I hope you get the zone show where he stays. Hi, my thank you so much. God bless you sir
I'll stick here. Me this in George just give you a big juicy wet one and a kiss too
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile and I see it's your people that like you do you expect stay like you
I'm better get the bulk of some nature that they stick
Cool. Oh, that's the cool. Oh, okay, come down. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Daniel. Yes, sir
Oliver redide
Yeah, I thought that
The age of 61 did you like his
That I like his one his work like his work such as one
Well, the thing is I have to say I don't really know I would know Oliver
I wouldn't know Oliver read from Rex read
Okay, the only reason I I was gonna say I don't really know his movie work
But he was on David Letterman one. Yeah, he was then I really can't stand David Letterman
He was drunk. He was obnoxious. He was belligerent and I
Excellent. I like that. Yeah, so we lost the good man. Thanks for the bad news sir
We lost the good man Steve chase on God killed from Carolina Hurricanes after they got the knocked out of the playoffs last night
Is took up truck going off the road north Carolina see all the bad things happen in North Carolina George. I tried to tell you that
Terrible place not these yeah anti-social um, no misfits. Yeah, misfits what is it rumors
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello
Uncle Neil. Yes, sir
Can't hear a word you're saying sorry about that. There you go
Just to give you a quick one then of Oliver. He was an Oliver twist
And he also did that movie burnt offerings with um Karen Black. Yeah, it wasn't bad
You mean with cross-eyed Karen Black? Yeah, I do like Karen Black. She's a good actress
But the the the pronounced cross-eyes. It's just you're always looking at her eyes, you know, that's true
As for George
He is really a nice guy. Yeah, he's very intelligent, right?
He's as funny as a bleeding hemorrhoid
Yeah, that's truth. He's just not he
He bitches and about different things which is cool. I don't do that. You bit no
But you bitch, but you're funny. I don't bitch about different things
You're you're funny. Yeah, and George tries to be funny and it's not funny when he bitches and
That's my personal thing. I like the guy. I think he is pretty nice. He's an interesting guy
He's just don't be don't be don't be like he should stick to the intellectual stuff
Right, don't be funny if you're not a funny guy. I mean, I've always said that
I mean, that's just my opinion but I don't want I mean, I would agree. I don't find George funny
I don't want to think like I'm picking on the guy. George is great, but I don't find him funny
No, I just don't I don't I don't find him funny. I mean there are people in this building
I find funny in a very they don't intend to be funny in a very bizarre way
But George is not I never thought of him as being funny. He's a smart serious guy. Right. That's right
He's widely misunderstood
Go go I always say go with your strengths. I mean, you're not the best look
That's right. You have a lot of flaws. I need to record either. That's right. I go with my strong suit
I go with my great personality and my Jewish wit
And that gets me from that gets me from here to the door
Well, thanks a canil and I like George and I don't want to believe you he said
Don't say it again. He's gonna start doubting you have a great day
So what do you think does he like you George? No, okay. I didn't know I was trying to be funny
Neither to the audience
Okay, 20 to one at five sixty WQM. Let's just calm down a little bit. Okay
Let's not get all whipped up about a bunch of crazy old Cubans that are starting up a big song at a dance about cigar fishing out
O magazine in Miami International Airport just because bearded Fidel is on the cover with Bubba
I wonder what they're doing to each other by the way, huh?
I wonder I wonder what they're doing with that cigar with that Tipperillo with that swisher sweet defile is a Yankeon, huh?
I wouldn't be surprised if Bubba sticking over and got it up a Fidel's
Factor, yeah, they might like to cover better if they saw that
If they'd stop being so well forget about that just worry about getting a great cigar
In fact cigar fishing not only you do open up that very controversial copy at MIA or wherever you pick it up
You'll discover that they love Nixon cars five of the top brands for 1998 were manufactured by Nix more than any other
Manufacturer in the world. That's the Mists. Just look it up if you don't believe me
And of course because of the fact that Nix is the manufacturer and they cut out the middleman
It means that you're lucky enough right here in town to be able to buy its factory direct pricing
Great cigars as good as some of the biggest names in the world and even better
So do yourself a favor if you really enjoy popping a good one in your post every now and in and a cigar too
Check out Nixon cars
711 West Flagler Street in Miami. Just take the Flagler Street exit off your Palm Medical Expressway
Go east one mile and you'll be right there or call Nixon 305
266
907 say to hell with Fidel and head instead for Nixon cars in Miami
six on the lawn in your place get your sticks at next this is five six feet
Q.A.M. You go to hell and you dad
You're
Oh yeah
I
You
You
You
You
You
You
You
Oh
25 and 5 and 60.
W. M. this guy who keeps backsthing us all this stuff.
Finally, I guess this is some of the frisk of the croak out of her read.
He was the 61 Bullneck Much-Yellow leading man who made his film
debut in the Bulldog Breed 1960 and first starred in the curse of the Weerwolf
1961.
I still don't know who it was.
Initially, a type cast and Shirley Rebellius rules
reads, soon proved his versatility in films like Joseph Losey's.
These are the damned and Michael Winner is the Joker's.
He achieved international prominence with his performances as Bill Sykes
in Uncle Carol Reed's Oliver.
As arrogant and entranced in the minor or a Gerald Critch in Ken Russell's
Women in Love and as the hot blooded Aethos in Richard Leicester's
Musketeers movie of the 1970s.
Let's have some pathos for Aethos.
It says, read continues to appear in films and increasing the on TV,
but I don't think so because he just died.
Do you know who that is?
No.
I don't know who that is.
Well, you're an intellectual.
I'm just a dumbass.
It's your funny and least I got good taste in music, which you don't.
That's okay.
You can laugh while you're on the back door, boy.
See, it's one thing about me.
I don't care what you think.
And I don't care what anybody else thinks.
See, that's a problem that you're going to have to overcome.
You're very uptight about what these people think.
You pretend that you don't, but you're very nervous about it.
You wouldn't be mentioning it.
See, even the first day I sat down in this God for Sakin' Town,
and I realized back in those days on KAT,
I was talking to people old enough to be my great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, grandparents.
I didn't give a crap what they thought, because they were old and seen now anyway.
By the way, I mentioned how my dogs were in bad shape,
but I came back yesterday and my mother was losing it.
I didn't mention that yet, did I?
I might mention that to her at lunch tomorrow just before I cut her off of the nursing home.
No, seriously, I come back to my golden, my dogs are both always neurotic
when we come back after these long vacations,
because I mean, my mother, you know, she means well,
but after the first five or ten minutes,
and of course, after like nine or ten days,
and you can't even talk back, you know?
And my golden retrievers like, you know,
how they get the hot spots, and they say,
he hasn't done that in ages.
I can't remember the last time he had that problem.
He's like all red underneath, and you can see he's been chewing himself up
like from aggravation.
And this morning he wouldn't eat, and he was like neurotic.
He needs a doggy doctor, I think, the shrink.
Oh, those two words, I'm seriously.
I never, the whole time I was in vacation, I never crossed my mind,
but all of a sudden since coming back yesterday,
nursing home, it just has such an interesting ring to it, you know?
Always nice to have someplace called nursing home.
Here is the candle, hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I just want to tell you about George.
I think you did a nice job.
He's been getting better.
Oh, it's Tony and Kendall.
No, it's not Tony.
You sound just like Tony.
I'm not Tony.
Okay, I'm sorry.
That's okay.
You sound exactly like Tony from Kendall.
He must be a nice guy.
He's a good guy.
I probably look like him too.
Are you dark?
No.
Oh, he's dark. He's darker, you are.
No.
No, I look like Hitler youth.
Hitler youth.
Hitler youth.
Okay.
Yeah.
I think I peed on you from the train in the Columbia the day, by the way.
Oh, well, thank you.
And you're welcome.
And by the way, tell George that's called shrimping the whole thing with the foot.
Yeah.
Yeah, they're looking and sucking.
Oh, hopefully.
Okay, have a great day, sir.
I don't want to get into looking and sucking of feet.
Oh, but what's wrong with that?
What's wrong?
I joke, Estella.
Yeah, I don't want to hear about Joe.
You know, Joe, like I said, he's from the wrong side of the tracks.
He's from the side that everybody peed on, I think.
I'm serious.
He's from the wrong side of the track.
He doesn't like this.
He doesn't like that.
Well, what does he like?
You know?
He's the shaves his nuts.
How can I, on the one hand, how can a guy shave his nuts?
He doesn't like feet.
I mean, if feet are clean, I can understand you know, like dirty feet,
but you wouldn't like anything that's dirty.
I would assume I can think of things that are dirty, that are a lot worse than the dirty feet.
Correct.
There's one example for you.
Well, nice clean feet.
What is wrong with feet?
Jesus Christ, I love feet.
Legs.
Legs are great.
He won't go past the ankle.
Now, the legs I like might be a little hairier than the ones you're in too, but nevertheless.
Huh?
He won't go past the ankle.
Is that upper down?
Oh, God.
That's what somebody in the building was telling me to.
I said, well, yeah, keep working on them.
I don't want to mention who it was.
Here's a mobile in Port St. Lucie.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I thought you had said, Christopher Reed died.
I just about fell to my head.
Christopher Reed?
Yeah, that's Superman.
No, not yet.
Okay.
You know, I like George too, but I agree with the last tower.
He is a little too serious, but he's a serious guy, you know, on the air.
Off the air, he's just a potty mouth, you know, but on the air.
I like him, though.
He should probably be leading the like Jack Cole or a little like us or someone.
Oh, yeah.
Neil.
I spent a year in Brussels.
Yeah.
And, you know, we used to go to Amsterdam once a month or so.
Yes.
For the women?
You know, they sit in the windows there on the now-three area?
No.
Do they have guys that do that now?
No, they sit in the windows now.
No, it's here.
No, they don't.
Oh, so that's why you go there, then?
For prostitutes?
No.
Whatever.
I didn't go for the art.
No, I don't go for it.
Sure.
If you have to pay for it in Amsterdam, you must be uglier than I am.
That's all I can tell you.
Good fun.
Good luck.
Bye.
Go ahead, hit good.
Most of the women in the windows, I hate to break the news to you.
If you like, like, I'm trying to take a somebody.
What was your name that just died from good times?
Big fat.
She just died.
That's the role.
Esther Rol, yeah.
If you like your woman like that.
Rolie.
Rolie, Polie.
Then you'd like a lot of these women that stand in the doorway.
They're dark and they're Rolie Polie.
There was one bitch and I do mean bitch.
She was standing there and of course they're like a very scatly clad to say the best in those windows.
She had thighs like LC, the board and cow.
She made Oprah look like Ms. Twiggy.
She had more cellulite on one thigh than some entire country's do.
And yet they're obviously doing a business, you know?
But, you know, some people like to pay for it and more power to them.
56670560, pound 560 on the mobile one line.
This is a show where we try not to pay for anything.
Here's, by the way, love that Virgin Atlantic Airlines.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
Welcome back.
Thank you.
I really enjoyed listening to George last week.
It was certainly not you, but I was a little bit surprised.
No complaints.
You're not another one of these male contents that wants to critique.
Airvey fart, airvey breath, airvey breath.
Not at all.
Not at all.
I was a very stimulating, enjoyable show.
I would say George is about as funny as to Berkulose.
He's not a funny guy.
He's just, but he's good, you know?
Although Friday was great.
Friday was unbelievable, George.
Up until 11, thanks.
No, I enjoyed the whole show.
I'm down yet.
It was, it was comedic in its own way.
Until 11?
I don't know why you say that.
Afterwards.
After 11.
You have to 11.
Dynamite.
Uh-huh.
Have a great day, guys.
Okay, thank you.
Okay, after that, that must have been the thing you were doing.
The, uh, it started with Dave Johnson at 11 and the phones came back on and then the massage
people.
What did Dave Johnson have to do with the massage people?
Nothing.
It was just, that's when it started.
Then I mentioned on Virgin Atlantic when you're in upper class, the first thing they do is offer you a massage.
They want to take you in the upper deck.
So they like lay you down and then.
I don't know.
I didn't get a massage, okay?
I didn't get a massage.
I know that comes as a great surprise to you.
I'm just not a massage guy.
You know?
I don't mind giving one.
I just don't want to get one.
All depending on what's being massage at the moment.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the mobile one line.
It's better to give than receive.
Here's the mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing, Dale?
Okay, sir.
Uh, I enjoy your program.
I just want to make two quick comments.
Uh, number one, I think you're a real character.
I think you got a good program.
Uh-huh.
I've been listening to you over 20 years.
Wow.
Uh, the other statement is a reference to George.
Uh, and I mean this, uh, respectful manner.
George, he sounds.
George sounds like when he's on the radio, he's trying to rush.
He sounds like he's looking at the clock.
Uh-huh.
Uh, he just, he just throws out that, you know, that type of, uh, air to him.
Tell him he should relax a little bit and try not to, uh, act like he's looking at the clock all the time trying to rush his program.
Good point.
You're welcome.
Okay, thank you.
Now, did we get that backward?
Did he say, uh, you're welcome?
And I said, okay, don't rush.
Just slow down.
Okay.
I don't realize.
I don't have those nine minutes.
I'm right.
And you know something.
By the way, I think it's another thing.
There ought to be an asterisk next to this rating book that comes out.
Oh, did you mention that Tom Dick is going to be able to have Kaplan on Thursday and there.
Is he going to be on for red Kaplan or alongside it Kaplan?
Or he's going to be out with one of those terminal of remote.
They do from Flagler or somewhere or from Highly.
Oh my god.
Have you ever heard those things?
No.
Has anybody else?
No.
No wonder.
But Jik is going to be on there and I'm sure he'll be talking about the ratings not.
Huh?
What are you talking about the range?
But I'm going to say it again.
There ought to be an asterisk next to those numbers for the fact that morning and afternoon drive on his station
you get those numbers with those nine minute commercial breaks.
Or either that or maybe the audience is listening for the commercials.
Do you ever think about that?
Yes.
Uh-huh.
That might be it.
So that's our poll question to one o'clock hour.
Would you rather hear the commercials in the morning or yell these voice?
That's our poll question which is a canis mas macho.
Because you know the great voices we have on our spots on this station.
You know who's two don't you?
Those are the best.
I always like a delicious cheeseburger myself.
I'm sorry Tommy.
I couldn't resist.
Okay?
You're a good guy Tommy.
You just can't talk.
We have an epidemic of those people.
We have a lot of those guys around here.
Good guys.
They just can't speak, which is why they got in the radio.
1256 at 560 WQ and don't-
WQ and H.
WQ and H.
I am a poor daughter day.
So why don't you spit a lower?
Here I am.
Dear Atlantis, I don't know if you remember me.
But I was the guy whose house you said I'd fire last year.
Uh huh.
God I miss you.
Even though you blew up my car.
Cut all my hair off.
I miss you girl.
But what quick question?
Do you think you could let me know when you might let me out of this pit?
Yeah.
I'll spend me for weeks but I'm not complaining.
Don't misunderstand me because I loved you with all my heart.
But if you happen to see my mother, please let her know I'm not dead yet.
Dear Atlantis, I want to tell you that.
The guy you saw with your best friend that wasn't me.
He kind of looked and talked just like me.
But that's surely purely coincidental.
I was the way I near that place.
I loved you too much to look at anyone else.
Dear Atlantis, I had a dead issue point that day.
And I was the way I near the Sharon Settles' hotel.
I would never cheat on somebody who treats me so good.
And wins all those raries as well.
That's money.
Hey come on, let me out of the pit.
Minute after one at 560 WQM, the Hank Goldberg show from Shulestay 2 at 2 o'clock.
We got, what do we got?
Talking baseball, dining, B, 6 o'clock.
630 to Marlon pregame show, baby Marlon's and the Amalwaki Brewers.
Any interest?
Come on.
No.
Let's rally around those Marlon's.
They want a couple of games since I left.
One, there are six and 19.
You're doing it.
Any interest?
Come on.
No.
I had a couple of night for the game.
Good luck Ed.
Here's the plantation.
Hello.
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Great.
In response to your poll question, anything but Goldberg will suffice?
Okay.
I finally found somebody that has actually a worse voice than Steve Goldstein.
Yes?
Aaron Hanks.
Aaron Hanks.
Yeah, she's got a bad voice.
Oh, it's horrible.
He's got a finger skater.
And also, congratulations to the Leafs, but you mentioned two weeks ago that the Bruins weren't even going to make it out of the first round.
I didn't think so.
They were foundering at the time.
I didn't know.
But I did say just in the next time I corrected myself.
I said, you know, that one, of course, you know, you got to cover your tracks.
So how did the alignment go now?
Now, cover your tracks like they say in Europe.
How did the alignment go now?
Well, who plays who?
What goes on?
Well, it all depends on what happens tomorrow night.
You know, the highest seed plays the lowest seed.
So the Leafs will play.
If the penguins win tomorrow night, the Leafs will play the penguins.
And if Jersey wins, the Jersey plays Buffalo.
Buffalo.
And the Leafs will play Boston, which I dread like crazy because I just, I couldn't stand another series of clutch and grab and no scoring at all.
I just, I can't stand that style of hockey.
I know.
You know, that's one thing a lot of people may not realize is the Leafs won a series that was played entirely the antithesis of their six kids all season long.
They've been playing wide open.
They score a lot.
They depend on Joseph who did come through big again.
But I mean, you know, they scored a total of nine goals and six games and they won four of them.
Exactly.
Unbelievable.
In closing, Neil?
Yes, sir.
A shameless request.
Anything with Cam Nile.
Anything with Cam Nile.
You know you have it in there somewhere.
Okay. Thanks, Bob.
Yeah.
Anything with Cam Nile.
I guess there would have to be Fred Cusig.
Wouldn't it?
Do we have any Dale Arnold stuff in there?
No.
Oh, is he bad?
Oh, God.
No.
The worst.
Dale Arnold.
He ought to go to camp for a while.
You know.
567-0560, 05-60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Please window our Pittsburgh.
Please, Pennwinds.
Okay.
The Pennwinds and Leafs.
The series for all times.
Wide open, back and forth.
Nine to eight.
Ten to seven.
Some action.
Not this coma crap.
And by the way, I noticed that that flyer fan with a big mouth who gave me a big song at a dance
and a lecture the day before I left that vacation.
I noticed that he's absent.
He's in a coma.
He's notorious.
He's conspicuous by his freaking absence today.
Barathe him with a pass in front of the net.
Barathe trying to get a shot.
And it was like another shot.
The Barathe.
SCAR!
SCAR!
SCAR!
The gay Barathe has scored for Toronto on the power play.
59.2 seconds.
And this place has become a more.
A more just like shot Florida, baby.
He became a more.
Just like, look at that Roger Nielsen's push there.
Oh man, I loved it.
And the greaser, he just kind of like laid there like he didn't know what the scream reached.
Akita's banana.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
How are you doing?
Great.
Listen, I know you enjoy looking for stupid letters in the newspapers every day.
Yes.
Did you happen to see the one in the herald that was under the NRA's and it's all the thing?
No.
It reads, it's a short one.
It reads, when parents don't instill in their kids the daily practice of the 10 commandments,
then why are we shocked when kids carry out their criminal fantasies?
That's a bad thing.
Is that what you say when parents want?
Don't instill their kids, excuse me, when parents don't instill in their kids the daily practice of the ten commandments,
then why are we shocked when kids carry out their criminal fantasies?
That's right, that must be the right.
The ten commandments, that must be it.
if we just forget the kids repeat the tech amendments and pre-school a lot more
right
absolutely okay thank you god bless you
and how come we have nothing about that so those what teams out there how
that i made that comment
but their own members
was critical of uh...
how they acted
that was tragic
i mean even at the time not knowing there was no way of knowing what was going
on inside
even at the time not knowing that you had a wonder i mean like when when is this
so whole thing that it off the uh... ground already
overly cautious
and then come to fight out that fifteen or twenty minutes after the whole
things started it was over with and that the two lunatics that committed
suicide and that everybody else was like in there and bleeding death and
that terrified and uh... the parents being in their pants for no reason at
all
what's the center bringing all those poor cuisine if they're just going to
like uh... you know
whatever was that they were doing
and
well i mean got forbidden but should risk their life
five six seven o five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t wireless line
here's my amy hello
yeah yes sir
a first of all jordan excellent job
and to i took a trans uh... transcontinental train a couple of years ago
and it's the same way
on those trains is in europe it was done by right on the tracks
you'll dump on the tracks
and dumps it right on the track
all and uh... yeah and i did it was the same way when i went from here to
new yorks i made sure to come to the dump
well i don't know what the way when we let me ask you this
now what about the paper
the paper was right down the thing that that because of the toilet
has running water in it and it had and it flushes it all right down this
this toilet didn't have no one water
did have an emtract you have running water the only water that was running in
this european train was water from my uh... you know what
yeah
yeah
uh... did you hear limbaugh's comment about the uh...
why would i hear any comment that he would make
why would i listen to some fat self-indulgent
not to be bastard like him
well i didn't hear but it was on cnn and his comment his comment was that it
the teachers and the students are old enough up with warla the carry far arms
and we wouldn't be a lot that we wouldn't have this problem
there you go everybody would just put a gun in a holster and stick it on her
so that means that it's not like this
this problem will have a major uh...
uh... shooting a little bit like the paper
the american fn way man
okay and god bless you
by six seven o five sixty we got two three hundred open lines here today it's
another one of those mondays in the magic city
tune up George and spitting him out here like so much garbage like so much
discarded garbage after he works his brains off to try to entertain the troops
out there for six god damn days while i'm over in the uh... the side of the
pond having a great time not being here
that's what this town does it devours its young
just choose up everything in its way that's why it's such a freaking miracle
and by the way time jica nobody gives a flying crap that's anti-paint was on
here here for more than twenty five years
because number one she ain't on here and uh... anymore and number two she never
had a number she never she ever she had an audience that you can jammer
in a god damn phone booth
and have room for their dentures left over okay time
but because she used to see everything with time jica and you notice it's a
it's a grab as thing
it's a cluster for
if time ever had you to get on the show like sandy used to do then he'll suck your
ass
you know like i used to do so it kisses my ass even though he knows that i'm great
so you don't have much of a choice thanks tom
and a similar to a plan i mean it's a good guy what you got four drunks in five
five g a members listen to her at night that's what the book says i just looked
it up
it says for drunk
and six g a guys
that want the odds and uh... volleyball high school volleyball games that
any of the audience is a good guy but you have the audience
and jica's on their hand out with these guys of the track all any case that
this and that about the world and i had a high line we had the one dog of the
three five no if not dogs that said this is a high lot well whatever
incess to his best
he wrote that in yesterday's tv book i don't miss a thing tom okay
that super sillious crap about sandy peyton like she was a radio personality
this guy damn town have a nice day back at your bitch
don't spend all the ends money in one joint either honey i do mean joint
nine minutes after one five sixty wq and you know
i already have a homosexual relationship with nia so i might as well have one
with you too
all right
you
i have a sticker
and
stick it all in a bowl baby
with you
school
mix in a couple flower
you'll be in heaven soon all right say everybody ever seen my balls that big and
talking brown you ever need a quick pick me up just take my balls in your mouth
ooh
to come my chocolate
to get bon
oh
sticking my mouth and stuck them
okay
so
don't talk to this
not that long
they're fine for
by the lunch
and good for you
don't tell me
what a couple months we've been chaffled
and a half a cup of brandy
and bailing about the two of sugar
and
just to finish up by mella
breathe out that cookie sheet
for the hate when my balls get
this free heat that i want to be sitting
and give them food to live
they ever try to have a thing in my balls they're big and healthy and brown
if you ever need a quick pick me up just take my balls in your mouth
don't let go of the
trick so get bon
put them in your mouth and stuck them
don't let go of the
trick so get bon
they're fine for a goodness
hide it by the
fuck
fuck
fuck
fuck my devil
fuck
hey wait a minute
put that smell
smell like something's burning
well that's not for fun
mean uh
long-awaited man with pain on fire
baby better get back at the kitchen
cause i got a sneaking suspicion
oh man baby
baby
you just burned my bow
come on my balls don't fire
i'm like finished
come on my
give it to one
push the one over
come on my balls
come on my balls
just to finish
oh
suck on my job
put them in my
help my baby
suck on my job
get down this bow
come on baby
blow
suck on my balls
baby
suck on my balls
suck on my balls
baby
suck on my balls
come on my balls
okay one eighteen at five fifty
thank you thank you
you're welcome
here's the cat in the school of young students that called them to
rancid
oh by the way here's a uh... couple of really pseudo intellectual um
i'll say these three for next show
pseudo intellectual thanks
what do you look at me like that there's pseudo intellectual stuff about
society this and about a beat by the book but about
like these people got answers okay
there's nobody got any answers anymore sweethearts
out of control it's a nut house
the freaking nut house out there
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen two
wireless one see one thing about this time i was thinking about it yesterday
and it's never going to change the only thing that there's passion for
they have these little small groups like the old cubans with the you know the
yes cigar magazine at the airport and the baseball game in ball the board
tonight
they have passion it's misplaced but they do have passion
but other than that nobody here's got passion in this town for anything
and a classic example of that is we had like a little flicker remember we had
all the lines up there when it looked like we were going to do the thing
about uh... you know your performance last week which i'm not going to say we
want to do for an hour and a half but that lasted for what like ten seconds
they can get it up not not easily they need to pop several of those little
green pills and they can get it up and it drips right back down again
pointing right back down toward the ground
here's margate hello
thank you that's that line eight problem again
here's a mobile in lake worth hello
mobile in lake worth okay and our last call is a mobile in pepper fine hello
hey nioh yes i love uh... backtracking here uh... first of all i listened to
George last week he was fine thought he was great not as good as you but he was
good
secondly what is all the conversation they about clapping on the tracks and
amtrak and so forth i've been getting little bits and pieces what brought
this whole subject up all of that brought this subject up because we took the
train from amtrak alone when i was on vacation right
and uh... i went into take a leak in the bathroom and i realized that you look
down as long pipe right it goes right out to the track goes to read out of the
railroad right that i was asking the question when you have to do a little more
serious business where does that go and obviously goes into same place which is
why the sign is in the restroom there it says please do not use that red stops
you know use only while the train is moving okay
up to five years ago that was exactly the case the one happened was one of the
trains coming from the york to my army
flashed over bridge in jackson bill and call to fishermen and a boat
they suit they need amtrak yeah and amtrak now has to have retention tanks on
cars about four years ago they dispose of the last of the railroad cars that did
not have retention tanks on it so anybody who calls you up and says different
is for crap
they have to retain the toilet because the fishermen got it all in their hair
pull a crap literally in figurative crap totally had a lot of money they got out
of amtrak but i know they suit them
they suit the crap out of them oh yeah okay thanks for the good news okay
man okay so i close to show that is another american thing over in your
update on lucky around that if you want to do a little dump on the tracks go
way ahead just make sure it ain't too loose like tranks
and what what is this about uh don't fertilize in the female egg and the
masturbation and the exercise in public parks and uh this and uh what what is
this oh god crazy people on the fax machine today
crazy crazy crazy people on the fax machine
good outlet for them five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
AT&T wireless line yeah that kid out there in the little
Colorado he says he wasn't scared he knew god would take care of him wonder why
count got come got screwed up on the other kids and that school teacher
people will say that i realized they mean well because they've been
conditioned to saying all of these things
but don't they realize how arrogant and how imperious and disgusting and
condescending that sound no how insensitive no and grow test no as if to say
somehow god has paying attention to him or then or it or whatever it might be
but the other ones well do their animals anywhere like you said
so let them lose their john bulls here's margate hello
and you yes sir the phones are picking on me today i was a guy on line eight that got cut off
sorry but it's okay i don't need problem we're going into the phone
problem exactly one one one more thing about uh all over read what do you mean one more thing
oh you mean about all over read yeah um in the early 70s he was in a very controversial movie
about the way the post in the middle ages were staging power brutally uh just as bad as
the Romans did it would call the devils yeah and uh he was a little bit last night on cnn they
had this special piece this investigative piece on the uh in between periods of the hockey game
i saw a thing about these uh saints this pope is he's named more saints in the last five minutes
than all the pope's proceeding in the last five thousand years exactly he played a priest uh
that was a frame for heresy burnt at the stake so that the pope could take over his town right
and uh this is exactly what you what you're talking about on the show and i just wanted to call
up and uh mention that there's no fact in the church right also one more thing you think you should
did you watch 60 minutes was it no they had a uh interview with uh molosevic's wife
yeah George was told me about it i mean it was just like it's a interviewed evil brown about how
that it wasn't such a bad guy and you wouldn't do a genocide you never stole a free train exactly
never crept on the tracks that's right right these these are the journalists i mean there's
something we haven't had one call today about that opportunist Jesse Jackson i mean everybody's
happy he got the three murk and kids back that's fine but now that he got a back how come he don't
just dummy up and he thinks all of a sudden he's got to open up his big mouth and give us advice
on how to uh about our foreign policy who the hell is he to open up his god damn up who never
met a dictator he didn't like by the way well male it just showed in fact he and the pope are very
similar they never met a god damn dictator they didn't get along great with male yes that doesn't
you know it seems like the press you wonder what side they're on i mean you know you don't
turn the 90s it seems like uh they're they're all always following into the propaganda the other
side the press is on their own side pal the press is on their side look you straight up
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen two wireless line i bet you want
to i bet you john gibson's had a fieldation type and gone on that freaking msnbc i bet you they've been
on that little thing i bet you those kids and their parents and their families and their grandparents
and everybody that they ever met in their life i bet they're praying for the day that all these
media people get the hell out of there i bet they're jones in for the day that john gibson and
is ill get the hell out of there and leave them alone so they can go on with their god damn life
god talk about a bunch of graveravers and i think you know what i think the solution is if we could
just have three or four more town meetings that's gonna do it if we could just get
Ted couple and that uh that shrub greenfield whatever his name is there on cnn who never says anything
if we can just get about 20 or 30 more of those town meetings i think we can solve all of these
problems forever because god only knows television may not be the problem but sure as hell is
the answer in it all of these will be solved in no time just one more time maybe come on Ted
get that wig on there straight and let's go go at it one more time quick maybe even oh for
will come on five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t line here's hollywood hello
hey you know yes sir welcome back sir how's it all sucks yes it does same as said just as dead
as today i left there you go uh are you aware of James Bolvard has a new book out no
called freedom in chains yeah hardcover uh come out February this year great i'm gonna go out and buy
you know the first fifty pages are kind of tough to get through but after that it takes up it's good
yeah that's it okay thanks okay let's get a little intellectual okay we can get your just crowd in here
what are you looking like that for the guy that you was a compliment they said you're an intellectual okay
even though they don't realize what a potty mouth little spiky word they don't know they know
they make all these judgments all of these uh things oh yeah he's a real little intellectual
always that he's a little pervert is what he is okay we think he's uh doing a show for five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t wireless line one twenty six at q a m
I'm going to be trained for um gosh i'm five to six years and uh i've watched the morning show
evolving everything and um i i have a problem i'm taking my kids to school and you think in
commercial for uh for the guy that cusses nasty nasty things and there's no warning it just
blurt out you know you can hear the bleep you can hear the f**k you know and you can hear the
vent in his voice and you know i don't have a chance to turn off my radio quick enough now i
heard it you know i had a problem again the other day i can't explain that stuff to my kids uh i've
been listening to this station for a long time and i think you're ruining it by infiltrating
it with his nasty language and uh i don't know what i can do but i i just thought i'd better call
you know and and tell you it's different with Hank if Hank calls someone in son of a bitch he
just heard the guy act like a son of a bitch and there's a reason for it but the other guy with his
fart and his asshole and just the way he curses is ruining your first team and um i think
Jeroe should stand up and uh and and get this off kickoff his program because there's a lot of
people like me that um that are you know half children and uh and i just don't like to hear someone
say pissed off on my way to work pissed off gets me fired up when i hear someone say that
and i don't think it's appropriate you know if you're gonna have to enhance your little program
in the middle of your day leave it there to make the other program it it's it's you mean
to us and it and it really insults my intelligence and you know if that's not clear i don't know what
is i'll talk to you later okay we'll talk to you later enough of the ventim already we
want 31 at five sixty wdqm we apologize by the way for all the ventim and the accursing and the crap
and the terrible things we've done here in midday with our eleventh share whatever the holidays
and then twenty five fifty four and bringing all of these other shows up i take personal credit for
today don't i oh yeah why the hell not that's our poll question who deserves more credit me or
book Daniel or helping to raise the level of these other shows on this radio station to the
gigantic enormous levels of this last rating book which Tom jicke better be writing a hell of a
lot about misson central by the way where we're gonna start asking questions we're gonna have a
goddamn congressional investigation and by the way thanks for making up those phony questions in the
so they tv book and getting my name in her lot time the okay my book thank you Tom
400 open lines twenty seven minutes to go can we possibly make them in a uh just a disaster
and i do this to myself repeatedly i'm just a victim of my own neuroses why do i come back from
vacation and expect this monday monestana how monday has that whatever that means seriously why should
this monday be any different from every other god damn monday of my life when he excuses well you
know and it's true you go anyplace else in the world monday is dead there's nothing going on on
monday because people have been screwing off all weekend long or whatever it is they've been doing
on a weekend now they're trying to let get their life back together we're gonna pretend that they
have their crap together they don't have time for us on monday they got that radio cranked
up in the background they got their finger on each other's back don't have it a good time but they
don't have time to be calling us with all this intellectual stuff that we got going they don't have
a standard in a big mouth and a troublemaker and never met a god damn terrorist that he didn't like
they don't have an opinion on that they don't have an opinion on a god damn swat team that stayed
out there swatting flies while kids were being shot inside and teachers were bleeding to death
they don't have an opinion on that
wqam qam hello yes sir is this him speaking live no recording
sorry how are you okay i think uh... torts that a great job yeah i don't know what you're talking
about earlier uh... anyways i have a comment on uh... markets up 156 points are you excited about
that uh... not really i didn't think so uh... go ahead yes i have to go to i b m and all
this other uh... ten other stocks you know you're not making any money anyway when ten day
good gonna give us a stock thanks for the plug on cnn and bc their tets but give us a stock for
crisis make us some money go ahead sir i'm sorry i'm emotional that is uh...
culmining stuff from what i heard
that is coming east uh... that's what i heard okay whatever you say he's just castles uh...
anyways i have a comment on that uh... you know from my cone his wife don't know yet
medicone i have a comment on the uh... what do you think your castles picture on the front of that
the cigar magazine uh... oh i would have thought that ballgame involved in more tonight those damn
cubans those communist uh... uh... you had uh... first row seat why you think they call them the red
birds in teen louis but anyway go ahead and uh... all the big game and the red legs
uh... all the big business um... by the way marge shot what i was on vacation marge shot had some kind
of a medical problem she checked herself into Jewish hospital in cina and i hope they take
care good care of her go ahead sir i'm sorry yes sir i have a comment on uh... the pyre station
and my am in dot i heard uh...
somebody call you a long time ago right
uh... personally i think uh... the good thing because i can
i mean for my school that would be like saying it's a good thing to have people going on running over
people in the middle of the streets or it's against the law don't you respect the law this is an
important law i don't know what the reason is for it but it's an important law it was
what important i don't know uh... well
i i i i hate commercial radio stations i do too i wish we had no commercials on here
i do i wish we had no spots uh... but then i could talk up a bluestriq man that i would never take
a breath i would have a pop up i would i'd be i'd be dangerous if i didn't have all these spots
right uh... well i'd be the yeah morning show they might actually have a show without those nine
minute commercial breaks right the fm station uh... right now all for the pyre
say you got me convinced pal all for the pyre stations god bless you get out of here crazy hoolie
bap bap bap bap but only have enough spiced stations in his town already
uh... out of here
we're importing old far its old grisly old sticks from uh... countries they have
been invented yet to take the place of the ones that going to the big domino game in
the sky
is a traffic report a mobile and four-letter hello
spiky of old far its yet to be north of the ninety five is an accident just
more commercial right this is all lady in a link in town car and left through
and a few of them to you and people try to go on the shoulder to get past
yeah i'm pulling a car out to the shoulder so they can't go she's taken the left lane
what you want to go past well what was he's broken down no she's thriving but
since she has to wait in line everybody else has to wait in line two now sometimes people
go on the shoulder and just right right you let them do it so she's driving in the shoulder
and left him going back and forth back to the side is he's not sure which lane she wants
no she wants to prevent the people who don't want to wait in line to go past her i
understand and she has to wait we all have to thank you okay good luck to you
sir good off the road
she's just living up to the model of the elderly in soft floor to misery loves
company okay if i'm going to get blocked off here you are two okay as a left
what you say and so get used to it
i was starting to say before maybe was off here i was telling zords that you go
anywhere else in the world are all these young people there are you know there's a variety
there are people of all ages but there are tons of young people living people you come
back to town here and you look around and it's either illegal aliens or people with real dark
uh you know dark and windshield windows who are doing drugs inside or each other or something
and uh old parts i don't know how we do such big numbers in 25 54 i don't think we have any
people 25 to 54 year in this town where the hell they come from i don't see any
seriously they're all either little kids punky little kids or old parts
punky little kids without thinking even any parents just punky little kids to be there to annoy you
22 till 2 at 5 60 wtqa and let me tell you about our good friend Jeff Coon who brought us in one
way a lot of pollusive allonster day you know we can get free lunch from almost anywhere but the
reason that we got Jeff Coon to come in here on friday and again today is because George wanted
pizza lot done friday and i wanted it today and guess what it was so good it didn't even me
i didn't even have a slightest quiver today you know i think Jeff might have adjusted the uh the
level you know what i'm saying of whatever it was he was putting it i made a comment about that
and uh no not even uh uh uh oh well anyway if you want a fantastic greater tag in mlea
letter price that you get a afford i'm telling you this is always the place pizza off their legendary
Jeff has been doing a ride in this town since 1975 and that great new brower location there in the
pizza lot place uh i'm university drive right between gripping five and ninety five right behind
up here when imports with lots and lots with tons of free parking the food is better than ever.
gigantic enormous portions whatever you like and of course very teeny tiny prices.
three different kinds of great pizza, a load of anything lasagna, the best garlic rolls in history,
all kinds of combination dinners. Monday is lasagna night, two days egg plan night,
the buy one dinner on these nights, get the second one for only five bucks,
bring the kids in for kids nights on Wednesday, where kids get a slice of cheese pizza,
or spaghetti with meat sauce and a free soda with an alonterase, where's my candy bar by the way?
pizza loft for takeout or delivery call 9-5-4-916-888. 916-888, they're legendary and for good reason too it's good stuff.
pizza loft not the fastest, not the cheapest, just the best free-loaders because they say again,
for the millionth time thank you Cisco Foods, we love those free trips to New Orleans and wherever else.
this is 560-UAM!
yeah push, bye, come on!
well he's a talent happy, madby, who has the money from his daddy,
and if I get my little granny, whizz it again to that crabby,
well he's a talent happy, madby, double-bear-cell-A,
well he's a presidential son who doesn't have to run, no one else is on a wedding,
I just want to move right in!
Chicago Chicago Chicago Chicago
he has a golden spoon, he was born with somethings ass, so look out on your shoes, get ready for the gas,
he's a talent happy, madby, who has the money from his daddy,
oh I need the talent happy, madby, double-bear-cell-A,
well he's a very wealthy dude, with very bad shoes,
who never pay the dues, by the tier we'll all be through!
Chicago Chicago Chicago Chicago Chicago
any smart could win that race against buddies, okay, why do you think they call it Gilbert?
the Toriel and he race, he's a talent happy, madby,
oh he'll be the KKK happy,
oh yeah he's a talent happy, double-bear-cell-A,
absolutely correct,
Chicago Chicago Chicago Chicago Chicago Chicago
we have bumper stickers coming out to say choose life, license plates,
what did I say? I'm saying it even worse,
well because license plates are made by the state, by criminals,
who are probably on the NFL, well that's real life,
like I told you to get ready, get that passport in your hands and squeeze it real, real tight,
oh by the way speaking of that you need to get a hold of our friend at the passport office,
give me another application, you got the number? I do, okay,
a lot of good thing I remember that, okay because somebody else I know needs to get this passport,
we knew in real soon and that would be a good idea, now that the bushmyster is in there,
choose life, isn't that wonderful, maybe it happens like a little cross on it too, it'd be good,
here's the adventurer, hello,
Neilian, rare form, yes I am, rest as you well my friend,
those vacations do great for me, in fact I think Wednesday would be good, they'd
start another one, we got a ballgame coming on Wednesday,
no no come on man, hang in there for a little while,
okay listen, I want to make a few comments, this uh,
Reverend Jesse Tyson, he just made me sick when I saw him on the TV,
he made an opportunistic bastard,
that's so you got it man, right on target, opportunistic bastard,
he never met a grandstand opportunity that he passed up,
it wasn't, he wasn't, he didn't even seem warm to these guys on the tube,
he's sitting there looking straight at the camera, smiling at big old goofy grin,
shaking hands, patting them on the back,
he was shaking it, yeah, you know,
out the complete putts, and this other debacle that's going to happen,
the Cuban team involved them more,
man we got an embargo at these people,
but we're importing their ball players into this country,
what is up with that?
well why does anybody care though, I say, I mean it's a stupid ball game,
and the Orioles couldn't win a fixed game, okay,
why does anybody, seriously, why does anybody care?
that's why I know the day, the big domino game in the sky, love it,
okay, bye bye, and have a great life,
the big domino game in the sky, maybe they're all playing dominoes down there,
how do you play dominoes, what do you do with them,
I know what they look like, they're like dominoes is what they are,
but what do you do, you stick them, you eat them, you chew them,
do you like, I mean checkers, we know what you do with checkers,
you hop, you know, you hop, you bounce, you match them up,
you match up what, dominoes, the dominance,
facts with who,
here's Miami, hello,
hey, Neil, how you doing?
okay, no, you know, that guy was talking about those ejections,
funny because that's the reason I call one,
when I saw him, what if, a couple days ago, I was thinking about you,
what you would say, you know, for some reason I was just thinking about you,
what you would say, if he would have just gone over there and gotten the guys out and kept his
mouth shut and come back here and said, okay, I did a good deed, now you do whatever you need to do,
that would be fine, okay, then it would at least give the appearance that he did something from
good motives, but here he is once again coming up on the side of a total, a ruthless,
a scumbag, one of the worst in the history of mankind,
and all what, you know, he did something nice, we got to like, at least for one night stop at
bombing, and we said, no way, blow it out your ass just, he might your own business.
yeah, well, what I was thinking was like, look, I really don't care what he does,
you know, I'm glad he got those kids back to their parents,
yeah, what about the million people that have been murdered and displaced and raped and
whatever else they're doing over there, what about all of Albanians in the name of religion,
too, by the way?
war is, war is craft, you know that,
I just, as far as PR find, if you want to call it a PR stunt,
that's which was, which is what it was, you know, at least at least those kids are home,
but then they're sitting there free at last, free at last,
yeah, how did you, how did you like that?
They're doing a free at last routine, do all of the sudden,
these kids look pretty like,
complex to me and they're doing a free at last with Jesse.
well, that was horrible.
unbelievable.
all right, thanks a lot.
and have a great life, I'm surprised that we're not doing that, you know,
the thing that they do, what do they call the Pentecostal routine?
I'm surprised they weren't grabbing their snakes and stuff.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, no, seriously, the one guy has a mirror, he's a Julio,
and the other guys are like a white bread, whatever the hell they are.
get the ones in Gonzalez.
like I said, there are a bunch of spicks, so it fits right in, I guess, I don't know.
we shall overcome or thank for you at last, what are we talking about here?
it's trivial and like everything else with immediate trivializes everything,
down to like cliches.
everything is a cliche.
oh, Lord, why knew the Lord would protect me?
I wasn't scared, I knew God would protect me.
all these idiotic, mindless stupid cliches.
oh, I was confident the Lord would protect me.
oh, sorry, I was wrong.
like two of the girls that they before, they blew their crap away there in the school.
do you believe in God?
oh, yes, and you ought to believe it.
oops.
oops.
he wasn't hooked up on the right line at the moment, God.
and you keep that, and by the way, you know, I asked that question after it happened,
and that one jackass calls in, oh, there you go again, exploiting this for your anti-religious
uh, your agenda.
but in the meantime, when they were asking pull questions around different parts of the world about this episode out there,
one of the questions was, where was God?
did anybody uh, no, no.
thank you, was that we done them?
no.
here's a mobile on the sawgrass, hello?
yeah, a neal.
yes sir.
bottom line on Georgia shows.
yes.
uh, we listen to your show to be entertained when you're there.
when you're not there, we listen to be entertained.
George was entertaining.
right.
and George's way.
we don't want another neal.
we've got a neal.
right.
you know what I mean?
it's the George is running his own style, which is fine.
but exactly, I don't want him to beat Neil Jr.
that way when he's doing the board.
he's running.
God has done as much as George, and George has done as much as you.
right.
but everything was fine.
and much better than ever.
any tapes because they know how to show is supposed to flow.
and that's the way they keep it.
God bless you sir.
and that's the way it goes.
amen.
all right.
and that's the way it is.
that's the way it goes.
thank you, Walter.
thank you.
Walter Schronke, ladies and gentlemen, you got the uh,
Walter's uh, stamp of approval.
and if Walter put his stamp on it,
I bet it's worth at least 32 cents.
five six seven oh five sixty,
pound five sixty on the AT.
I ain't know something.
I don't even have any idea what I'm talking about today.
I'm so groggy and punchy.
I don't know whether I'm coming or going.
that golden retriever mind.
I feel so bad for him.
he wakes me up four o'clock this morning to go out that dog all the years.
he's never once ever awakened me in the middle of the night to go out.
the little dog.
I mean, that I have to mark it on the counter if he doesn't wake me up.
three and a morning to go out.
even if he don't have to take a leak just to piss me off.
okay.
that's his nature.
that little piece of turd.
and I feel so bad because you know, when you start,
when you have to be uh,
subjected to that neurosis,
whatever went on in that house for those nine or ten days,
I feel bad about it.
walking around with that lamp shade on his head right now.
so he doesn't keep chewing himself all up out of aggravation
from being pestered and nudged for nine days.
he also can't lick your own.
you go good.
that's the idea.
that's where it's all chewed up.
then everybody think I put that thing on his head for.
I don't want him, you know,
I've got him healing up pretty good already for a few hours.
dr. niel.
and by the way, speaking of dr. niel,
I didn't mention about the train being late yesterday morning and I'm still on.
see one of the things in Europe that they really pride themselves on.
if the train says it's going to leave at 602,
it shows up at six.
you got two minutes to get your ass on there because at 602,
when the little hand hits the big hand,
those wheels start moving, baby.
I mean, those trains run on time,
even Mussolini would be proud.
so we got a flight from Amsterdam to London yesterday.
that leaves at 720.
the first to train the schedule leaves
central station, the Skippel Airport in Amsterdam at 602.
602 comes.
602 goes.
there's a whole bunch of us standing
away from the train.
it don't show up.
the make-along story short,
about 615 comes in announcement and dutching in the English.
we're sorry, but it's going to be leaving from another.
and we're all running down the escalator and down to another thing.
and sure enough, 620 if finally, it shows up.
and so the keep in mind, the train is going to,
the plane is going to leave at 720 from Skippel,
which is a gigantic airport in Amsterdam.
we get there 645.
now we got to check in at KLM.
we got to check in first.
then we find out the gate we're at.
d57.
well the gate start, d1 and d57 is before this the way.
okay?
so now we have to go through passport control.
find the gate, go schlepping and running.
and i'm telling you.
and thank god for that coq10 i'm taken.
and whatever else i've been doing in spite of my, uh, you know,
i don't want to start with the doctor stuff again.
okay?
i know.
and seriously, i've been my own best doctor.
the stuff that i'm taking is doing me great.
finally, get on the plane.
i take out my little blood pressure cuff that you've seen.
take my pressure.
it's 102 over 70 with a pulse of 72.
after rushing and if that would happen six months ago,
there would be Neil in a box today.
that's right.
morto.
nice going Neil.
thank you.
dr. Neil.
152 at 560.
you know, colgian water has been serving South Florida for over 50 years
with quality dependable service and water conditioning products.
if you think you might have some water problems,
colgian can come to your home or office
and test you water absolutely free.
and if you're looking for water system installed permanently in your home,
colgian is the best in the universe.
in fact, they're going to be doing one in my house.
imagine drinking water right out of your tap
and having great tasting ice cubes as well.
the colgian water system makes all your cooking.
spaghetti, pasta, soup, scoops,
gaffilta fish, crepe lock, coffee, tea,
and your drinking water of course as well.
taste great just for pennies.
the system includes a limited lifetime more in tea.
colgian water also has a special introductory offer.
get three five gallon bottles of colgian water.
