Yeah!
Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami 4 Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
They're talking Neil called 560 560 toll free for date and rarer, or pound 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions or the easily broadcast groups.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
What's that?
Bill's the cause and Monica's the China.
All right, she likes out of Giggle.
When he makes an wiggle, Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind, but a cigar and her vagina she don't mind.
Well, he don't know where a stocky goes. I can see how there was some confusion between humor, tolerance, human horrors.
And then I can saw the term Cedar Box means saw her naked stars reportedly to go in blind.
That's when he was working hard late nights in the overrear business working on a practical joke.
He took him back and knew though, but then exploded, loaded for Monica was blowing, rings us.
Bill's the cause and Monica's the China.
She lets out of Giggle, everybody makes an wiggle, Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind, but a cigar and her vagina she don't mind.
All people feel that Hillary's been made a fool of by her husband.
Feel that Hillary was wronged.
She was wronged.
She was wronged.
She was wronged.
She was wronged.
She was wronged.
She was wronged.
What you gotta do is take a sip of it all.
Put it in a frown.
Or you can go on a car and go on a car again.
Well, I didn't want to talk over it because the guy is taping it. Don't you remember?
I'm the one with a great memory.
What a memory for a federal queen.
I'll tell you that.
When are you going to play that again?
I said how about right straight up at 10 o'clock tomorrow morning?
I bet you any second he's going to be on the phone right now saying thank you for playing that and I got it on tape.
What do you laugh at about?
560-560 on a mobile one line.
I'm not continuing a select guy call and says thank you.
I got it on tape.
If he calls and says I forgot it and I don't have it on tape then I'm going to be peeing in my pants.
That's him right there.
Cuyam, hello.
You got it?
What do you mean who called him?
This is me.
I pick up Cole because why should we have an intermediary here?
Thank you.
That was great.
See how do you like that?
I know what's going on here.
Anyway I got a great thing in the mail from Merchard Friedman for old Dick.
There was a real Ojohn provocateur with a bad hair piece.
People are laughing at you.
There is a guy that tried to tell you 20 years ago about Metro Fail and what a piece of crap and away from the money it was.
He's involved along with Dave Slater and a handful of other people are trying to do the best for you in this penny sales tax.
Anyway come to find out.
He sends me a copy of this letter that was sent out from the coconut-grilled playhouse Board of Trustees to the patrons of the playhouse.
Urging a yes vote on transportation for July 29th saying it will also be a yes vote to support the arts in Dave County.
Well, Richard Friedman sends us a copy of the letter that he sent to the coconut-grilled playhouse Board of Trustees saying,
Ray or memo advocating a vote for the 15.4% increase in sales tax for Miami-Dade County only.
Gentlemen, I'm in receipt of an original copy of your important action memo dated July 6th 1999 advocating a yes vote for the proposed 15.4% Metro Rail sale tax increase added to playhouse patrons.
Address to playhouse.
This mailing is blatantly illegal in full respect.
One, it violates your IRC 501C3 exemption, what a bit of an LIT is.
Two, it violates the Florida Not-for-Profit Statute.
Three, it violates the prescribbing against use of public funds for proselytizing on a public issue involving a referendum election.
And four, it violates regulations of the U.S. Post Office on your use of the reduced mailing cost privilege for a Not-for-Profit organization.
I believe each of the Board of Trustees and the staff of the playhouse who conducted the mailing are individually liable for violations of the four going laws and regulations.
Please be advised that intend to make the appropriate complaints with the IRS, U.S. Post Office and Florida Secretary of State as to your illegal conduct and take such other legal action as I deem necessary or appropriate Richard Friedman.
I deem it.
God, God will love dick.
There are some people trying to keep everybody on the up and whatever.
Not that anybody out there really cares, but at least there are a few people.
They tried to warn you 20 years ago and a Harold made fun of him and said he's got a bad hair piece and never stole a freight train, but we still don't trust him.
And nobody would listen then.
And here we got a couple of people once again trying to warn you folks.
Two weeks from today is the big erection in Dave County.
Pist off and fired up about it?
No.
Of course not.
You know what they're pissed off and fired up about now?
They're all whipped up.
The only issue that anybody cares about this time right now is capital punishment.
Every day in both papers, there are at least 2,000 letters to the editor about how dare they get all been out of shade just because the guy was ahead of bloody nose, etc.
And so on.
I think we'll get about 4,000 calls on that today.
Because I think that a lethal injection is a nice way to take somebody's life.
If the government is going to be as barbaric as taking away life, which I think is fine in a barbaric society, then at least try to do it delicately.
Like the Harold says about the lottery.
Where they just are like on the other gambling, like the permute rules.
They take the money lightly out of your wallet as opposed to those those one our bandits.
I wouldn't be surprised if our good buddy Joe Costello since it's eight minutes after seven in the morning in Vegas right now is losing the money.
Because as we speak right now, Vegas having a great time.
See, I know this may come as a shock to you, but when you go to the permute rules and you lose your ass, you don't walk away from there feeling I had a great time.
You walk away feeling crap. That's how you feel. Damn it.
But when you go to Vegas and you lose your ass, you think you say, damn, I had a good time.
I'm telling you right now. In fact, maybe we'll have some people on the audience that you call and disagree with that.
I doubt it though. I'd be shocked if we found anybody went to Vegas lost money and felt bad about it.
Unless, of course, it was money that couldn't afford to lose in which case they probably listened to the ad Kaplan show and need serious help anyway, which there's nothing I can do about that.
People who are compulsive gamblers, I know this comes as a shock to the Harold and Bobby Butterworth and Governor Booch and all these other assholes.
It's like prohibition. It doesn't work.
We can't live all of our lives based on the fact that there are a lot of weaklings out there.
It would be like taking all the products with sugar off the out of the marketplace just because some of us weaklings like me are addicted to sugar.
You'd all be pissed off and fired up. I'd be pissed off because then I couldn't feed my addiction.
What? It's the truth.
I'm starting to sweat right now just thinking about the prospects of taking all the sugar products out.
Man, talk about a cold turkey. Can't do it.
By the way, don't mention on here who had a stroke.
Fat. I'll just say that.
Should be reward to all of you people out there.
Oh, and guess who died by the way, Jean Hart, you know who that is. He was the boss of the fellow of your pliers for many years.
But I do mention it because he was fat. He was 68. He was diabetic. And he died from multiple organ failure.
My kidneys and liver and the kishis, it all just kind of like stop working because he was real fat and diabetic.
Too much goddamn sugar, Jean. No more. Too many of those tasty cakes.
Every time the flyers because tasty cake with their sponsor. So every time the flyers would score a goal, he would say,
another tasty cake, which is a corny thing to say, but nevertheless too many tasty cakes, Jean.
I wonder if they put about to tasty cakes in a box with them on a very many things. So that would be kind of cute.
Maybe they put a big beer cup in the box when they put Andy in the ground. You know from the hockey games, my good friend Andy.
I'm still I'm not going to recover from that for a long time. That's devastating. 36 years old.
A young fat man and he's dead.
It's a reward. Not as pedophile.
Listen to me. This is stand by and steam for sulfur king.
I understand where everything is held to the high sulfur king standards. The selection isn't just huge. It's sulfur king's huge.
Believe me, you'll never shop anywhere else. And sulfur king's prices aren't just low. They're sulfur king low.
You'll never find them anywhere else. Listen to me. When I say sulfur king as a beautiful store, I mean sulfur king beautiful.
When I say staff is helpful, I mean sulfur king helpful. Listen to me. Get to know the sulfur king and enjoy a selection that's sulfur king huge.
A staff that's sulfur king.
And the third is sulfur king low. You'll never shop anywhere else. But don't take it for me.
Take it from satisfied. Just them a Frank and Stein.
So fucking good. You said Frankie. So fat king.
Good.
15 to 560 WQM. Here's a call on the Gables. Hello.
Yes sir. That was a great bit. Yes it is. I still think no matter what we do these guys are going to stick it to us with that text.
How could you how could you how could you trust these guys? You know you go out there you vote. Yeah. I agree with that. I mean if it's even close, I think they'll fix the election. They did the first time with a metro rail. I'll do it again.
I had a bunch of dead people voting. Right. You know, so I really I really don't know what to say. I mean I appreciate what you're doing.
And you know, at least you're you're out there telling people but well somebody somebody's got to do it. Everybody else has got Paul the honest issue. Nobody's saying the name thing.
And then I find out yesterday that asshole 40 and while 100 is on their shilling last week telling everybody to vote. Yes for this. What kind of a thank God they've got nobody is old enough to vote over there. Anyway listen to that station.
Yeah, nobody's listening to them anyway. Right. They blow. Well good luck to us now. Okay. Good luck to you sir. Because you live in the Gables. You live in the county. So good luck. You'll need it. That's all I can say. By the way, the Panther schedule.
The new schedule this came out which remember facts to me at the house last night. And of course is in both papers this morning. But nevertheless I had an opportunity to look at that last night and peruse.
And you know, it's really interesting because as everything else, the things are always put forward in a way like, you know, ass sucking in this town.
Which I'm not saying that you have to be critical, but nevertheless you look at the schedule. You analyze it. And the first thing that comes to mind is why are there no Sunday games on the schedule for this coming season.
Those Sunday six o'clock games that are over by you know, a 30 quarter nine. That's great. No Sunday games. Lots of Friday and Saturday games. Okay.
Starting with the Washington caps, opening night October 2nd. If they move the season up a week as they promised. So we don't have to wind up playing hockey games in July.
But then there are a couple of really bizarre things on this schedule. For example, on Monday, January 17, which is Martin Luther cooned a king day. On that day, they're playing a Philadelphia flyers a three o'clock in the afternoon game.
Now several things I'm wondering about number one is Peter will we're all going to be able to play on that day since it's Martin Luther King holiday.
You know I'm talking about right. The big black guy named Peter will be like Sandy cofax. Be nice to pitch on you. I'm kipper every time that happened. He said, no thanks. Not me. I don't want to burn in help of some stupid baseball game.
In addition to which see, this isn't Boston Boston's a classic example. They're very famous for having sporting events on holidays at like noon or one o'clock because like in Chicago, another real sports.
And there's a lot of things that people take off from work on those days, even people ordinarily would have to work and they go and they support the teams.
Is this that kind of a town? No. Oh, as a matter of fact, somebody was telling me that every single the baseball second worst attendance in a major leagues.
The arena, whatever the hell they call that crap that got going to be in a football, whatever that is, second worst attendance in that league. The WNBA, there's no interest whatsoever. They can't sell five tickets for that crap for next year. There will be nobody going to that. The matter is already folded up.
And on and on it goes. So then of course the opponent is the fellow of your flyers. Maybe the fact it's a big name opponent that will bring some people out for a Monday afternoon game.
In addition to which don't a lot of people work on Martin Luther King's birthday and at that day we still have that. It's not a not a full fledged holiday.
Now I didn't work on it holiday last year. The offices were closed and well in that case I'm not working on it holiday because I got a hockey game to go to.
Not that I couldn't make it there by three o'clock anyway, but who wants to have to rush.
And then the next one they do it. Wait a year this on Monday, February 21st, which is President's Day.
Now that's not a legal holiday. You don't get any mail in the bank's or clothes, but that doesn't constitute legal holiday.
Government workers still have to work and most of you sluppers out there have to work and we have to work.
Ottawa, which is hardly a, you know, I mean it's a good team, but nevertheless not a great competitor for the Panthers.
So are you people going to be taken off on a Monday afternoon to go see Ottawa and Florida play hockey at the three o'clock game on February 21st?
No, I have a feeling we can each have our own section. Those of us who will be there.
But in the paper, Rhanna Cash, whoever the hell she is, Ranna, Rhanna, she says,
Fan friendly schedule gets Florida 20 games at home on weekends.
She neglects to mention that there are no Sunday home games all season long, not a one, not a single, stinking one.
And that we have these two Monday games, the three o'clock any afternoon, which got only us.
And also a few neglects to mention that that January 1st day, cats and the lighting have January 1 date,
which they were smart enough to move that game. Usually New Year's Day, they play it noon.
They've done that traditionally since they started, but they moved it to three o'clock because they know that this being the big, the big bash that the New Year's Eve for 2000, assuming that anybody would be able to possibly give them extra three hours to get the power working on the arena.
We have to be ready for the wide to kid. Don't you understand? We have to be ready for that.
I mean, is that a marquee attraction? The Tampa Bay light weights on New Year's Day? Is that the...
Oh, no. So, Rhanna, Rhanna, whoever the hell you are probably wouldn't know a hockey puck from a steel-enders bagel. I hate to break the news to you,
but there are pros and cons with the schedule. And of course, most of us aren't all concerned about the schedule anyway.
We just want to know if the team is going to be competitive and will it be worth our effort driving those three or four minutes to go watch the games.
That's what we're concerned about. Not as the schedule favorable and fan-friendly and all this other propaganda that they try to put over on the public.
Here's a mobile and coconut creek. Hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Yes. It's Bob Solomon. How are you doing? Okay. Who's this? Mr. producer? Sir, did you have any idea what show this is, sir?
Neil Rogers. Yes, you're speaking to him. Oh, okay. And we don't do names on the show, Bob. I mean, I'm glad that you're named Solomon because my grandparents name was Solomon too. Now what does your name was Solomon?
Oh, that's great. But there were many points on the show. But anyway, go ahead, Bob.
If you saw the article in the paper also, the night before and the first to have a special with the Rangers in Edmonton for Gretzky,
then we are only going to be able to get on the dish.
Yeah. Well, I'm wondering if the night thing is a great thing that they're doing. I don't. I wish he would go away already. I mean, no, no, seriously enough is enough with him.
How many specials do we have to have with him? He already retired. They had a big thing there in New York. They had the big thing there with your words back with they brought him up there and he showed for the league and said,
Oh, I thought it was a good goal if it means anything. And the goodby already, you know, don't you know what I'm saying, Bob? I'm off with him already.
I know what you're saying, but you got to be advised. Can you have?
Well, you're right. I understand what you're saying. You got to honor the real superstar who really quite hockey. He wasn't, it wasn't for him. I don't know if to be hockey in Miami.
What did he have to do with there being hockey in Miami? Well, he helped the, I don't think he had to be hockey in Miami.
What is it got to play an Edmonton, Los Angeles, have and later in New York after we already had a team? What does that have to do with having a hockey team in Miami? Nothing.
So, Bob, you're getting sucked into the hype. Okay. He had nothing to do with us getting a hockey team.
I think the fact that Gary Bettman and the owners wanted the $95 million from Wayne High Pingda, that's why we have a hockey team.
Well, that's why they're going to have another hockey team in Atlanta and in Columbus and in the Apples and all these other places
that are going to fail real badly because Gary Bettman is a jackass and they'll just keep taking the $95 million. Thank you.
All right. I understand what you say, but I think he helped the explosion in the Sun Belt area,
where there are versus where hockey used to be localized and I go back to 16, or like, you know what I mean?
How did he do that? How was he responsible for navigating a team?
The only, Miami area is in sports goes for marquee names and for winters. You know that and I know that.
Yeah. And it's been a problem down here. Well, get Wayne Brett and he played for the Panthers. I mean, I must have missed those games.
I'm not saying he indirectly helped hockey split to show that it can happen in Los Angeles when he was there and in the Sun Belt because I think the hockey league
they will show Northeast orientated. Let me ask you how they do in Los Angeles now, Bob.
They're in the crappin' because they don't have a marquee player. You know all those yellow seats that they have disguised as fans?
Well, the Panthers have the similar problem and that's why I think that's really important.
The Panthers had the top one who were in top five and attendance in league. I think there were number two or three and attendance in league last year.
I think you and I, I'm a season ticket holder like you are and you know and I know that place is like the quarter's full.
No, it's that point. Well, that's where they had to get your Murray.
Well, Bob, I hate to break the news to you. We haven't had an attendance problem in the New Arena.
Well, I'll take you this. If they don't have a winner down here, you know it and I know it.
Oh, we all go down. There's no question. We'll go downhill from there, right?
Because you talk to anyone with hockey and hockey is you know, unfortunately for me is before sport and whereas Royal is gonna beat you and I and I listen to you because you're the only one that's all kind of knows anything.
Well, God bless us, Bob and the Goldie's go. That's right. And see you.
5.670560. Oh, God, I sure hope I'm not allergic to anything in this room anymore.
I feel like my allergies are acting up. I don't even have any. 5.670560.
That's because I was thinking about having sugar band, you know, just like having casino gambling band and those one arm band.
It's isn't it sad that you know that your life that your enjoyment of life is being restricted by bunch of assholes, especially when you live in the state of Florida.
And you've got smucks like butter, worth and bush and trials and all these other ones.
That makes no difference with all by the way, Mayor Veltree nice going in plantation.
Gentlemen came to my house to bring me the Broward edition of new times which had the big expanded article, but you'll also find it in the hair of this morning.
I'm sure in the sun sent them payments to Veltree called illegal.
And now this guy's only 100 years old by the way, 87.
You know, it could pass for 100 easy.
$44,000 payout to exploitation mayor probed in his last decade in office former plantation mayor Frank Veltree collected $44,000 in vacation and sick leave pay, including a payout of more than 20 grand just after we left office in March.
But Veltree was not legally entitled to these funds which were on top of his full time here as salary according to city attorney Don Long, Jr.
The revelation this week prompted sharp criticism from some city officials plantation council president Bruce Edwards said the city may have to sue the revered eighty seventy roll politician to get the money back.
We want it back.
I really like that mayor Veltree you old fart you crushed the old fart we want the money back and we want it now.
How do you like that?
$44,000 we can't afford the storm sewers out there in the acres, but this guy's got money that we want back.
I will not give it to you.
Well, we want it back now.
God damn it.
By the way, do you see the OJ thing on Larry King last night?
Oh yeah, they had what's the water's name Dan Petrochelli from the civil case and they had that media horror that Alan Duce badwoods.
And they showed excerpts from the deposition in the civil trial.
You didn't see that?
No, I wish.
Oh, he kept saying.
Oh, man.
And then they asked him about those ugly ass shoes.
They said.
Oh, man.
Yeah, he's sharp that Petrochelli or whatever.
He is.
Even Duce was kept saying that.
One parent pulling the wool over his eyes.
And then they, you know, he lied about the thing about the Bruno Mali shoes and those ugly ass shoes.
And then the first they had the inquire picture, which he said was a doctor job.
And then they had 150,000 other pit photos with the same shoes on those ugly ass shoes that he didn't recognize.
It just happened to be the ones that left the footprints at the murder scene.
And also when he started asking him about the, you know, how he cut his hand, he kept going.
Oh, man.
And at one point just exploded and just, we need to take a rare reason.
I just can't handle it.
And you could just see the fire in the blood in his eyes.
Nice going, O.J.
Oh, man.
You murdering son of a bitch.
By the way, how's Roy doing?
I'm killing the cold.
Hi.
This is O.J.
Since I've been released from jail, I like to keep track of my bitches.
So I recommend to you new O.J. Simpson's bitch jack for women.
Believe me, brothers, you won't get jack with bitch jacks.
Just a task, a small homie device, the old bitch's leg, and you can track her all around town.
And just in case she's eating, she'll get a beaten.
You see, when your woman be messing around, new bitch jack for women, let's out an inaudible beefing sound.
It only you can hear.
And once they catch her, she's all yours.
Give me Mr. Simpson.
We track down your old lady with a white man.
What shall we do with her?
Thank you, officer.
Oh, handle this.
You bitch.
Don't you know I'm tracking you with bitch jacks.
I'ma cut your throat, you bitch.
I'ma...
So remember, your hose won't get very far.
But O.J. Simpson's new bitch jack for women.
Hey, just because O.J. is free, don't mean your bitch's got to be free too.
Finish it.
That's 33 or 560 WQM.
If you saw that lower king thing last night, which of course we can't stand, Larry.
But every now and then he's got some interesting guests on, and Larry didn't even need to be there, because he didn't say ten words.
And it was fast enough, you see the clips from the civil trial deposition.
Where O.J. keeps saying, ah, like that.
Anybody that could watch that, any rational person with an IQ larger than a thumbnail, who could believe at this point that he didn't kill those two people, has got to be some kind of a simple thing, some kind of...
So anyway, we got a real problem here today.
Besides my allergies actin' up.
And that is that somebody fact this a menu of modern descent is lunch.
Who was that? What was the place?
Big dogs, out in Pemberpun.
Oh, the big dogs. We had lunch in them before, years ago.
Right? And so anyway, so what we're looking down the menu, what would we like for lunch?
That come across those Hala Pingu Peppers, which are my favorites, the real law.
Oh, God.
Huh?
The Pingu Poppers.
The Pingu Poppers, right?
Squirt, Squirt.
And so what George calls, they're in a guy who's sent us the facts isn't there today.
So they count it down. He's out of town.
So I said to George, well where else can we get those things from?
Because I'm really horny for those.
And he says, oh yeah, well, we once got them from wings and curls.
Which they love us.
And they send us food several times.
I said, okay, call them up.
George calls them up.
We're sorry, but they're close today because of a fire in the joint.
Who's that, Sam?
Oh, that's not what's the thing.
I know that.
The those summer groove grand prize winner.
All right. There you go.
And stay away from those big sportses, by the way.
Okay, so anyway, what we're going to do about this, they're close for a fire.
And what the hell do we do now?
I don't know anybody else that has poppers.
So there was pinga poppers.
Somebody wants.
How about emuls? They have poppers with no nitrate.
God damn it. You get horny for something like that.
And then you're not only once, but you try twice.
I think it's God's way of interviewing and saying,
you're not supposed to eat that stuff because it's got that raspberry dip,
which is low to bit of carbohydrates, and plus they're breaded anyway.
And you shouldn't be eating that stuff.
After you're talking about all these fat people dying and having strokes and things like that,
and Jean Hart being stuck in the ground,
here's a mobile in Margate.
Hello?
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
I disagree with you on something.
Go ahead.
You called Gary Batman a jackass.
Yeah.
He's not a jackass.
He's a rich greedy suck bag.
Yeah.
Anybody who's done what he's done, made the kind of money that he's made
and done what he's done for his league, give him a jackass.
Well, he's done what he's done for his league.
He's made the league laughing stuff.
We just have to stand and cut this stuff out of bogus goal.
We've got more teams in trouble, sir.
You obviously are very astute.
No, no, no, no, they don't care.
They just want the money.
You know that.
Who doesn't care?
How about all the teams that are in a verge of going bankrupt?
The league is making money.
How's the league going to make money if a whole bunch of teams don't want to finish?
That's how they make their money.
By the TV, you all don't get much TV.
Yeah, well, I see a lot of money.
I don't look at it from the standpoint of the league.
I look at it from my own standpoint being a fan.
I don't give a lot of that to a lot of people.
That means you can care less about you or any other fan.
Well, he's still a jackass.
Okay.
And have a great day.
I mean, you can be as loud as you want and disagree, but that doesn't make it so.
Just because you're screaming and yelling it, he's a jackass.
In fact, he's an asshole.
Right.
Anybody knows the game understands that.
He's a detriment.
He's an impediment.
He's a fool.
Everybody knows this expansion business.
There's so many things that have gone on under his leadership.
And I use that term loosely.
He's almost as bad as Bud Seelick.
And that business about Bud Seelick.
You know, I wasn't one of those people as you know that got all psychotic about Bud Seelick sitting there next to the bearded one a few weeks ago.
Much to do about nothing.
But isn't it interesting that he don't want to be in the same room with Pete Rose?
And that as long as he's the commissioner, Pete Rose has got two chances to get in the hall of fame.
None and much less than none.
And here's Bud Seelick, whose main claim to fame is that he's a schmuck.
And he's sitting past and judgment on other people.
Shame on you, Bud Seelick.
And you know something on a personal level.
I can't stand Pete Rose.
I'll never as long as I live, forget that night he was up there at Pompato Park sitting in the table next to us with a stack of $100 bills on the table trying to impress us.
And I'm told that he does it at the track all the time.
I've heard stories about him at the race track that would make hair grow on your rectum.
I mean, you wouldn't believe it.
As far as I'm concerned, Pete Rose, he's an asshole.
But what is that cut to do with the hall of fame?
So he gambled, big, thick, and deal.
How about all these goddamn drug peddlers that they got?
This guy that they just signed yesterday, the Dolphins, his maker guy,
come to find out three different times he was peddling cocaine.
But does Jimmy give a crap about that?
No.
Does a fan here give a crap about that?
No.
Like that bitch said to call Tom Jicke of that one.
I know we don't care about Latrine and about choking the coach.
Any of that stuff, we just want a wean.
We just want a wean.
We want a weaner.
You've got a weaner, baby.
He's the coach of the Dolphins.
He's the biggest weaner I've seen in a long time.
$5670, $560, $560, on the mobile one line.
A lot of interest in that business about having games on Monday afternoons.
They don't care.
They don't give a crap.
They'll still show up like I told you before, because there's not another damn thing to do.
That whole thing with that macarena, it's a social club.
It's like this radio station.
It's a club.
So what do we do?
What's the verdict?
We're not going to be able to get those today.
Arby's char hut and churches fried chicken, have polypineal poppers.
That's the good news.
The bad news is nobody from any of those places calls to say that they were bringing them over.
Yeah.
And a court wall who the hell would?
That's the question.
Arby's and the audience doesn't understand char hut and churches.
Churches.
Churches chicken.
Oh, that's not for white people.
They have food for sparses, not for white people.
If church is chicken, we could put on some black face.
No thanks.
Or we could just bring...
Roy!
...in here for a couple of minutes, say it was for him.
Or I could just hold that big black instrument that we got back over there, but I don't want to touch that after I found out it was in his...
Back them.
So what are we going to do?
How about Arby?
Is there an Arby's around here?
Not that I know of.
Hollywood's the only one that I know.
Hollywood?
Ah, I think we're screwed.
Neil?
God?
I'm going to planted out some higher tree elements, so feels like...
Ah, I am back.
Are my eyes too bright?
He's now around here?
No when I think there'sLearnis here, see.
Oh, then Martinée looks at me back there as well.
Or Mor ‫
But towards me,
I don't think I can
It's a poison I've got
Would not cry
It will be done
And would this stone be
Come on, the world
Take a look at my rock
Don't need it
It's a poison I
Would I be the star
You're the movie
Out of sight
And look at me
And don't think
Squared for it?
I'm going to play
I'm going to play
I'm going to play
I'm going to play
I'm going to play
I'm going to play
I'm going to play
I'm going to play
I'm going to play
I'm going to play
I'm going to play
I'm going to play
I'm going to play
I'm going to play
I'm going to play
Good
Good
society is with
Cindy Corp and her silly little husband on the cover of people
you know what will be a little baby who gives a crap
magazine is uh... is a magazine for silly people to understand
it's like well as them shows that around the seven eight o'clock at night
uh... inside addition and outside addition and uh... all those other four
thousand shows that have the same crap on it
like we're supposed to care about the time cruise naked anymore in the cold
given who cares
the chair
the chibi here the linburg baby
who cares exactly right
thank you and have a great day
okay there he was a little venting experience
look at that no calls on the board that i guess i can place a musical sit back
away from mayday's to show up
because contrary to public opinion since a lot of you probably thought well
uh... the master is finally falling he can't get those poppers in there
they surprise guess what
we got may days coming out of brine have something to do with that
who had to do with that
the owner dandy had to do with that here to talk about thank you dandy over
their at the may days which is the restaurant at peri airport
which i didn't even know there was a restaurant in repair port
and i'm sure that it's going to be really great so we sent us a bunch of those
howl pinga peppers
and uh... some other finger foods maybe the director how are you know you
never know
maybe if he brings the time is how i guess you don't look at good anymore
okay five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty
on the mobile one line out of single call on the board
and of course i shouldn't surprise me because i realize now there's nobody here
with a brain in town i mean it is nobody here
what what's all the traffic that's what i would like to know there's still
seems to be the usual amount of traffic but there's nobody here
so who the hell are these people is what i would like to know
executed killer's cremation postponed
proven john was lawyers want to look at the body
the cremation of a killer who died in Florida's electric chair last week was
delayed on wednesday so attorneys for the next man scheduled to be electrocuted
could have the body examined
before they stick his ass in that thing
lawyers for Thomas proven john o condemn for slaying a bailiff to i wonder if he's
related to the providence out of the fatigued down
from the racetrack up you think so
condemned for slaying a bailiff during nineteen eighty four court house shoot out
in orlando hope to find some evidence to declare the electric chair on
constitutionally cool and unusual punishment
blood pulled on the shirt for out of alim lead davis as he was put to that time
july first for the nineteen eighty two murder of pregnant jackson the woman
at her two dollars
officials at florida state prison your star said davis a three hundred forty
fire a four pound inmate named the nickname tiny simply had a nose bleed
an autopsy concluded that davis could have been pro nosebleeds because of
hypertension and heavy doses of blood-puntering aspirin and motvenny took for
his arthritis
so what's the deal with that
are we supposed to be all bad out of shape about that yet a freaking nosebleed
too bad okay next
that's what i say next stick his ass in there i'm a still in for the lethal
injection but as long as this is law right now
proven on those lawyers question whether the electric chair worked properly
besides the blood they also cited witness accounts that davis seemed to
breathe after the power with switch dog
he was still breathing and he didn't
like that
and when you're three hundred and forty four pound guy named tiny i guess if
you're still breathing in might that that that that that that's a
practice of attention
especially after the blood is pouring out of your nose out of your shirt and
you're supposed to be dead as a door mail
plus didn't they uh... i don't think it says in this particular article but
it seems to me in reading about this
that they uh... didn't they turn the adjus on
all i shouldn't say juice god too bad he could have been in the chair
i wonder if his nosebleed when we fry his ass
the juice
let's find out
here's a mobile in pop and all
mobile in pop and all
i need to get it
okay we know it's common i was uh... just came back from uh... being
time i was up here for the all-star game uh...
not that i had access to tickets for the mind one of the contest on w e i
there yeah
and so i got invited and uh... was nice enough to let me go and we went
there we're sitting
two hours behind mister Williams and the weasel there but cilly
and uh... misteriams had uh... twice
so his son didn't want to sit there because he didn't like the weasel
and i quote unquote that's what he said great
well just like the incident that because he saw the anti uh...
joe jaxian and people's
and we're in the one heading up the bandwagon for getting
joe jaxian well i thought he was just a pot said he went meaning these these
all of these sports they just don't know what color is good for them that
uh... what's your say the man's that disgusting
that he is and you know we've seen a lot of his own image
now that's what that the good times i should get
five six seven oh five sixty there's another guy who got out of town for
couple days at a great time for like a charm almost every time
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one-line
is a payphone in west palm hello
yes sir
i don't know if this is any i'm i know uh... you don't love with this area but
that the other we ever move down here and i think we're gonna do it in two
years of the bb car so you i'm totally addicted to you i think you're great
or two years that's what i'm leaving
but then we might not move on getting that's good for the only way i think i'm
calling it for a tiny eleven o'clock this morning
okay is it you know the chinese restaurant
my wife is with me i told her about it i tried to do it is the best thing i
ever heard if you can give us an approximate time you can play it today
we're only down here today tomorrow morning where you from
are watching dc oh jeez
you're great there's nothing like you uh... up there
damn right okay how about right at eleven o'clock how does that sound
they'll you're you're wonderful thank you very very much and god bless you
god bless you and have a great day
whoop i'd be sure i like the way you hung up there though you know i'll play it
five six seven not that i can be choosing oh because we're going through the
dog days really really rough it's rough times man
really super rough times five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on a mobile one line nobody cares about the thing with the
electric chair nobody cares about that thing about that you i mentioned
yesterday the university study in congressional panel members
opposed the legalizing of marijuana and then the indy thawed united states of
america because they're so worried about the children what's going to happen to
the children if they legalize pot what happened to the children in netherlands
with legalization or the decriminalization are they uh... having a nervous breakdown
no they do not kinds of uh... car wheels in the streets no
why is it that this country continues to want to trap the brains of its
citizens in the stone age why is that god damn it
don't want to let the public grow up
i mean this business about prohibition being a thing of a path we already we
still have prohibition this country is based all around prohibition of the
government telling you what you can eat and what you can drink and what you can
smoke and what you can grow in your backyard
it's a god damn police state and don't ever forget it boys and girls you
will have a freaking police state
and don't do like what's your name did their cast on guiding life and leave
your passport home or god forbid go to the airport and try to use somebody
else's passport
go and get you one right now go to the passport office right now you got
nothing else going on this summer it's boring as dog crap go to the
passport office and get you a passport immediately i don't care if you're
like three years old uh... hit your right okay get down and get a passport you'll
need it
because this is a freaking police state
here's bokeh hello hello nil yes sir
morning to you i'm getting out of town
great all right uh... first time to go for five days in august
me and the old lady yeah i was your first time yeah whoo
gonna look forward to it gonna be great yeah uh...
fifteen grand of your gonna be there for five days okay uh...
gonna stay at the mottie call you been there not been in there and he is a
oh yeah any place you go it's gonna be nice pretty much
i've got a dump the imperial palace looking forward to it and uh... flying
america west is that correct uh... well you know it's nonstop anyway that's
what they say that's uh... but only the only good thing i can say for us it's
nonstop it's a long flight boy because they fly those puddle jumpers it takes
them forever to get there about four or five hours but uh... you know just
uh... takes him
takes him sleeping pills or something uh... okay well that's what i take a good
book
and uh... also repack a lunch because the food on there is crap
well i'm not going for the food i have playing right i understand but i'm
just telling you it's really bad it's uh... garbage and the wife doesn't want to gamble
much she wants to cite these a lot of places to see out there oh yeah you're
gonna run a car now i hope uh... should i yes definitely yeah absolutely okay you
want to go all out there to the mountains and you want to maybe you want to go
down the lothland uh... for a day and uh... who knows to the grand canyon is all
kinds of things you want to see but even in the vagus it immediately you want to
drive out in all the residential areas not to the mountains you've got to do it
uh... don't uh... take the tour buses no forget that
right right and by the way when you do rent the car get you a map okay trust me you'll
thank me for telling you this get you a map which they give you free at the airport you know
when you rent the car right and avoid driving on the strip as much as possible
because the strip is so congested the matter what time of year you go there you'll
you'll waste half of your time trying to get from no matter where you are to where you're going
so learn where all the side streets are and you express way the interstate and avoid the strip
but if we want to do the strip that you should walk the strip right don't try
the straight and plus they have the they have the real there anyway from like the uh...
uh... um... tropic and all the way up to the middle of the strip uh... looks on the sounds like
it's gonna be a great time you will be and to bed we can't get something like that down here
god forbid okay good luck now i guess i have a great time there you go there's a guy who's
going to Vegas and then i have a great time it's just so maddening it's just so infuriating
the idea that we got a bunch of repressive constipated assholes up there in tallahassee
who are telling us all you can have this and we have a new two newspapers not one two newspapers
who just that it's like a hobby with them every time you turn around here's another editorial
making sure that we don't want to losing our money the evils of those one arm bandits the evils
of those casinos those horrible awful uh... whatever they are
in the meantime everybody in their brother like jokas tellin and this guy in his life everybody
you talk to they're on to get not a plane going to Vegas because they want to go have a good time
maybe they're getting out one of those cruise ships because they want to get raped one of the other
what the fuck can i help you? yeah i couldn't afford that to do so much for sale?
yeah uh... yeah uh... uh... who's our name?
uh... it's a... Patrick?
yeah uh... it's a guy who's supposed to talk to someone named Fu
who?
who's a Fu?
okay how long do you think it okay?
yeah
uh...
hello?
how's he?
yeah who's speaking?
uh?
yeah hello?
who's speaking?
uh?
uh hello?
can you hear me?
yeah?
uh... you got a rest off of sale?
uh?
uh... how much you want for the short?
well you come over and look at it and talk to the boss
i come over and maybe eat dinner with you
okay uh does that price include uh... all the walks?
huh?
huh?
what?
how much does it cost?
it's Chinese
yeah it's Chinese
okay you come over and tell the boss
tell the boss?
yeah?
how long do you think it's gonna take?
how long do you think it's gonna take?
huh?
yeah
you're gonna go to bed?
no
you're gonna go to bed?
okay how about i get all the trouble when dinner coming over and pick it up and look at your restaurant?
okay
okay
what you're gonna go?
uh... you know...
you know you're gonna go to bed?
why?
why?
you don't have to go to bed?
you want to buy something right?
why?
huh?
you want to go to bed?
okay i'll be right there
okay
why do you want to go to bed?
then you don't have to go to bed?
no just don't go to bed
huh?
i'll be right
I think they're putting us all on when you come right down to it. It's 11.02 at 5.60 WQA and the Hank Goldberg show from Flagler dog track to a clock this afternoon. Anybody go to the dog track these days? No. And then we got the 6.00.00.
Pretty good sir. That was a very good segue because as I was saying yesterday I'm in the restaurant industry. Yes before my phone screwed up on that building.
And I wanted to know if anyone called that was a great call by the way. Oh, it was a terrible call. I didn't I didn't believe it. Believe me compared to the other ones just that it was great. Oh, well that's good. It was a say anything.
Legal seafood. Yes. I've been to the ones in Boston and I was a little disappointed in this one here. Really? Well, you know the one up in Boston has that rich wood feel you know it's dark.
What I want that's what hotel is that what that's in a hotel is it sure is downtown. I'm not sure which one but what's the name of the hotel. I've been in there several times. Yeah great food and the way there's are like old but professional way there's and it was a rich feeling. Right. And I and because I'm in the in the business and we go to that I would like for every restaurant well you know but this is not the same legal seafood. So in other words they just have the name. Well you you'll see it for yourself. It's just a it's not that.
Bad is just not that rich feeling it's kind of light and airy and it's only and and kids and you know it's it's okay. What about the food though? Who did just okay. It's not it's not saying not great. Yeah. So okay. But who needs okay. I'm not me. I mean it's okay if you're there and you know if you're choosing between a few a few different places it's a you know you won't come out unsatisfied but it's not a drawback you know that's like the thing. Yeah.
But I know you I think you cured me of my desire to go there. Okay because I don't want to go no I don't want to go to the sawgrass anyway. Yeah I know you can't stand the sawgrass. That's terrible. Okay another thing about Vegas. Yes. I came back maybe three weeks ago and I don't do very much again but although I won a little bit of money which is great but most time and we did find a car we did go out to the mountains and this is a little petting zoo way out there in this little stupid restaurant. It's just very fun on the outskirts but I
spent most of my time going in and out of these hotels and just walking at the hotel. Sure. I just it's a show just going in the hotel. I bring. I bring. I'm leaving. Right. You don't have to do anything. And I'll tell you what there's more to do in Vegas in one day than there is here in ten years. Please you don't leave. You don't even have a whole day to see anything. Right. It takes a whole year into your senses. It's so beautiful and clean and Jesus. Anyway. I don't want. Nothing happened to me. I'm
going to say. Nothing happened to my friends and when I say my friends I mean everybody I know and everybody has jobs. Nobody's in jail. I don't I don't see what's a big problem. I mean they're not holding a bank to rob money to feed their habits. Yeah I don't know right now. But I don't think so. I think everybody's fine. Yeah. I don't get it. Well I'll see you in illegal seafood. Yeah right. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Oh.
We're going to be deliciously different. Marijuana. We're going to be deliciously different. Marijuana. Oh yeah. University study and congressional panel members opposed legalizing marijuana because we want to keep America in the stone age and do all his goody toosos crap. You know what that reminds me of? I forget what channel I was watching the other day and they're talking about some some deal now some diet deal. And again they're talking about low fat. Haven't we just got through exposing that low fat was a fraud?
And again they're starting to about all you all it was about the restaurant guys and they're starting this new deal now where they're putting in fact a sure was on it. That's why I saw it. The shoe mice do the brain stem was on there. And his restaurant and a few other restaurants they're talking about how all you're going to have all these low fat menus where there's less than 30% fat for every meal you get. How do you like that? I got looked for something else to do. Yeah exactly besides trying to pretend to be a nutritionist. God. Oh.
Low fat we just got you a years of that a whole decade of this myth of low fat more people are fat in this country than ever before it turns out it was a total frickin ball faced lie and now they're putting that crap on it with a straight face and peddling it to us. Oh yeah low fat restaurant you're full of crap. You're killing people with carbohydrates man. Although at least don't the don he's still got that meat. Some day I got to go to the show was ever getting fired. I'll never get invited because I'm not one of those jocks nippers and speaking of jocks nippers.
You should see the scene I didn't see myself but I had spy reports when Zoe was in here again putting everybody with a coma on the worst team again this morning with that long ponders crap of his that inarticulate bull crap that he's views. I mean they were just sucking his ass and sand douchebag our promotions guy who does no promotions whatsoever he was the cheerleader he was there with this tongue deep in those.
The fact that we're a long long time. Here's a mobile in four lotterdale hello. Hey I hadn't heard you mention anything about the umpires. So I think it quit. Yeah what cause I don't care because nobody cares about baseball so why do I care about that.
I'm a second it might be good because it seems like the best thing going on in baseball lately are the balls and the fights and when I was a kid we didn't have umpires we fight about whether it was a ball or strike.
Yeah so we get rid of the damn umpires that's a good point. Yeah we don't have a lot more fight at least I have a little excitement anyway.
There's something to watch right and then if we could get marijuana legalized yeah I'll smoke it and it would melt out the fights.
Oh right we can get one or two problems with the same deal. Yeah instead of Jim Leyland killed on a cell phone all those cancers they can start smoking a little weed in the dugout there in the night.
I think right back in the dugout and let him fight. Right. I mean there's a plan worked for me. So I'm ready to get it.
Hey start this weekend. Okay excellent idea. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
I say it's about time we had something a little more a little bit more humane. We're going to put people to that.
Oh you didn't let me finish.
Is put in our channel seven right in the middle of five o'clock news with the Xanchez squatting over the chair.
And if he should happen to slip and fall for example and wind up getting like a little shock.
Well you know that guy that he hit in that car in front of P.P. Park that time he's dead.
So you know what goes around comes around Rick.
I'm sure I
can make a round out of everybody's crime.
The first letter of the name.
I treated like it wasn't there.
But a B or an F or a M will appear.
And that I say.
I say.
I say.
I say.
I say.
I say.
I say.
I say.
I say.
I say.
I say.
I say.
I say.
I say.
I say.
I say.
I say.
I say.
I say.
I said.
Down the National Dirty.
I said.
I said.
I do see it.
But that there's no master, nobody see my body.
Excellent.
So I say I say.
I say.
I say, well done.
but nevertheless. Great lunch.
Thanks to our buddies at Maydays, which is in North Perry Airport at 7501 Pembroke Road
in Pembroke Pines. Maydays Restaurant in Lounge.
Look at that. They got lobster, lobster tail.
Not that we have that here today. We know that we wanted that.
We got poppers, baby.
Oww!
These are the best
holopinga cheese poppers.
Man, with peppers in the... You don't even eat any dipping sauce. We do have some here.
What else you got? Big gigantic fat onion rings.
Chicken strips, mozzarella sticks.
I love mozzarella sticks.
A little bit of...
Marinette dipping sauce.
I got right here in my hand.
So thank you so much Maydays.
You see we come through again.
And again.
It comes to food. We can do it.
Damn it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile and Davy. Hello.
What's the name of the line?
Okay, sir.
I think your last time approved once again the Dianne.
You're slipping.
Want to do a...
Incredible.
Yeah, absolutely.
Want to do a comment on the...
on the inconstitutionalness of the...
the capital punishment thing.
I think the only thing inconstitutional about it is how many delays or...
how many appeals these guys can actually make.
Right.
Where they actually go and sit on the chair.
I mean, a treat-dick tool.
I think we need an assembly line.
A legal system is just out of control anymore.
I mean, everything is a loss.
Whoever thing is just delaying.
10 years we kept that bastard Bundy alive in Florida.
10 freaking years.
And how much did it cost you and I?
A lot.
Imagine.
Lastly, Bundy of Mind turned 34.
Finally got his degrees.
A doctor now.
So he's officially Dr. DuSpadd.
You know, his name's Angel and Karen.
That's great.
Okay, and thank you so much.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
We got two or three out of the open lines for you to prove it's here today.
Not that we care because we're having a great lunch from a May days.
Boy, these are good.
I mean, they're not good for you because they're fried.
Of course, and fried foods are poison and they will kill you.
But if this doesn't do with something else,
well, that doesn't taste quite as good.
Like something fat three, for example.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Good morning, Mr. Roger.
Yes, sir.
It's pleasure to talk to you, sir.
How bad.
Okay.
I just want you to note the whole of it against all of Jamaica.
Because of that, it allows the woman who talked to you yesterday.
She gets on her wife's skin too.
Do you make it in women or something wrong with them, man?
I don't know, but my wife is okay.
She's usually making.
Yeah.
But that lady gets on her wife's skin when I hear her.
Every Jamaican woman I've ever spoken to sound just like that same bitch
that called yesterday.
Maybe it's the same one.
Maybe it's the same one that could be.
Maybe it's the same one that could be.
I know she insisted she wasn't listening.
She listens all the time.
You know that.
She's listening right now.
She's got her finger on it.
Well, I tell you, if it wasn't for you, I'd be dying right now.
I mean, I'm home from surgery.
And I, if it wasn't for you on the radio,
there'd be nothing to listen to.
Yeah, ma'am.
Well, just light up a good number and have a great day.
I really enjoy your time.
You'll better.
Thank you.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
What are we going to do about that Jamaican women?
That's our poll question today.
And I still haven't had an answer on who's got the best ass.
Ricky Martin, Jennifer Lopez, Brittany Spears,
or Jordan Knight.
Who's the other one we're in there?
I think we had one other one.
Now, was that enough?
No choices on that, huh?
I bet your Ricky Martin's got a lovely ass.
And, uh, and the Jordan Knight.
No question about that.
I bet she's got an ass just like a lady.
Well, here's a Jamaican lady in Kendall.
Hello.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
How are you doing?
Okay.
I'm also the one that's such as a toddler with a foot.
I called you last week.
I'm a Jamaican lady.
Yeah, but you don't sound like a Jamaican lady, though, Steve.
Well, I've been a person since 1980.
You don't have that right, imperious sound.
You're not talking with that like, uh, through your nose.
Well, I think if you get me up to set up, probably could talk like that.
Okay.
But, um, no, I don't think it's a Jamaican lady to have the problem.
I think it's the men on the whole.
Because they're very male-short, and that's what we have to live.
The men on the whole?
Oh, yeah, the men, all of them.
When they sign the marriage agreement, there's another sheet that says,
I'm allowed to mess around sheet.
You have to put up with them all whole life in Jamaica.
You know, once you graduate high school, you live in Jamaica,
you get married, you have kids.
Women stay home or get a job with the kids and the men.
They're out every night.
All their buddies, frozen with the new little young girls that come up.
So that's...
Yeah, man.
That could be the attitude that we have that right now.
But when we're up here, we're totally different, I think.
It's a different thing when you grow up here and you grow up in Jamaica.
Yeah, in what way?
It's where...
You don't put up with, you know, the crap, like you do down there,
down there, you have to put up with it because you're there and you're...
You can't leave.
It's a different thing.
Your home is there, your children is there.
There's not much of...
There's not too much for them to do, you know what I'm saying?
That's what I believe.
Very well, I'm happy.
I get the feeling.
I get the feeling that the whole Caribbean is like...
Not that I've ever been there except that the Bahamas once and I'll never go back.
The whole Caribbean is like a giant toilet.
I think everywhere is a toilet.
You can find toilet in every city, every place you go,
you can stop at and good.
That's for sure, too.
But I think we're different.
Like for instance, we put up with it, we keep ourselves quiet.
Like a Latin woman, I'll give you a perfect example.
A Latin woman knows her husband's messing around.
So given dinner, she'll go out, go out,
and set her up right back when I'm going to get some ice cream.
She goes to the other woman's house,
go out, come home and give her some ice cream and then, you know, be very nice and everything.
She's taking care of business.
Uh-huh.
A lot of people, I think, in the older days, like, I mean, I'm only 36,
but I think that our parents, my grandparents,
they stayed in relationships no matter what.
You know, they were in there for the long run.
Uh-huh.
Everybody here is just so happy to voice easy that marriage
and it doesn't make a difference.
Uh-huh.
But the older days, they stayed with it, you know what I mean?
I think that you're making women and you're making men who are down there
and they're living in Jamaica, their playboys down there.
And the women do mess around for just smarter.
That's about it.
Thank you.
Okay, please, I have a great day.
You too.
Whatever you said.
Anybody know what you said?
No.
I told you we had time though.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
But these onion rings are great too.
Have you had those?
Man, are they good?
Not damn, are they good?
Mmm-hmm.
So let's just eat.
We only got two calls on the board.
Let's just eat and make a lot of grudling sounds on here.
Like Mr. Ego.
Smack your lips up.
Yeah, like that.
And put some peppercorns on it too, by the way.
Lunch is never, you know, never complete without a bunch of peppercorns on it.
Some green peppercorns sauce.
5, 6, 7.
I mean, has that man ever done a spot in his life for a restaurant
with he can even do like a spot for an ice cream
and they'd be putting green peppercorns on it?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
You're almost as boring today as you were yesterday.
Actually, we've had a few good calls today,
but we're kind of like spacing them out.
We don't want to overdo it.
Yesterday we had ample number of calls.
It's just that almost all of them sucked.
Here's a mobile in North Miami Beach.
Hello?
Yes, good morning, Nelson.
Nelson?
Yes, what can I do for you, sir?
I go by a needle on the radio last time I checked.
I'm sorry, sir.
Yes.
Nelson, this is...
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
I guess he must be hard at hearing, huh?
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello?
Fort Lauderdale?
Yeah, hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I just wanted to find out if you had gone to the harness racing
the whole fame up in Goshen.
No, I have not.
Got the year of blast from the past.
1980 messenger.
You know what the caller was?
Jackie Lee.
Oh, brings back a lot of memories.
Yeah, back when he was good, a long time ago.
What do you mean back when he was good?
Just what I said.
You don't think he's good anymore?
No, of course not.
Why is he working now?
Well, defend that, Neil.
Where is he working now?
I don't know.
No, no, no, no.
You defended, OK?
If he's so good, how come he's not working?
How come he got candid freehold, mister?
Defend that.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Like anybody in this audience cares about harness racing?
No.
Of course not.
They don't know Jackie Moe from Moe Vaughn.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Defend that.
Must be Jackie's boyfriend, maybe he's trying the other side now.
Here's the lady Moe Vaughn in Miami, hello.
Neil, could you just go and see me some motion in the basket?
Yeah.
OK, thank you.
Have a good day.
OK, do you have anything to say?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
That's how it gets, sweetheart.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's the Moe Vaughn in coconut creek.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, Neil.
I wanted to tell you, Jennifer Lopez has the better ass.
Even on Ricky Martin, huh?
I don't do Ricky Martin, but Jennifer Lopez, I don't know.
No, I don't know.
Who you would do, sir, I'm asking you who's got the better ass.
You're not going to be doing Jennifer Lopez.
Maybe in your dreams you're doing Jennifer Lopez.
You're never going to get close to Jennifer Lopez.
Are you going to get close to Hector Lopez?
Well, it's in that part cousin, and they work.
OK.
I would like to, sir, that sounds like you want to keep it in the family anyway.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
I would agree from the chin down, Jennifer is outstanding.
From the chin up, I would say, kind of weak.
Pasty.
Here's the Moe Vaughn in coconut creek.
Hello.
And Ricky, kiss, Ricky's ass, baby.
Yeah.
What do you say, Ricky, licks what?
Here's the Moe Vaughn in West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I just, I'm a fugitive from Dave County.
I got out about 76.
I saw the handwriting on the wall.
And I just, I came back when I moved back to Florida.
I went to Las Vegas in 187, with the Texas first, and went to Las Vegas.
And it went in an incredible town, but I'll tell you.
It's a city just out of the deck.
People just fall all of themselves to leave money there.
Uh-huh.
Incredible.
Works for me.
Oh, yeah, I tell you.
Came back to Florida in 96, and made away from Miami.
I moved to a little bit north of Orlando.
I was just used to listen through you a long time ago.
Back when WQM was a teeny-bopper station.
I haven't heard you in a long time.
Just kind of stuck out here in the construction job.
Yes, sir.
Have a nice day, chief.
And back to you.
Okay, there's a guy I got out of Dave County when I was getting was good
23 years ago.
Oh!
The timing, pal.
That's when I came here.
Moved in on the beach.
Miami Beach for two months.
Living in an impossible place.
With a bunch of old Spanish Jews who were loud going like,
24 hours a day, I got the hell out of there.
I moved to Haya Lea because I wanted to get into more civilized place.
Actually, there wasn't too bad out there in Haya Lea.
Miami Lakes.
Huh?
Wasn't too bad.
And then I moved from there to Pembera Pine.
Let's give the story of all these places where I've lived.
That Pembera Lakes for a little while.
You forgot Kenville.
Oh, that's right.
I'm trying to forgive Kenville.
I live in Kenville for five long years.
Kenville was okay.
He had its moments.
And then I got there a lot of Dave moved to Broward, and I said,
I don't know how I can say that I'm a human being.
5607-0560-0.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Kenville actually was okay too for about what?
About a half a year before it started going downhill.
Anybody have a heart or a liver?
Hello.
You have reached the Keyes Workers' Choice Catalog and Information Line.
Do you speak with a representative or if you have a rotary phone,
please stay on the line.
Thank you.
Transferring to an operator.
Please wait.
Dickies customer service.
This is Louie Ann.
How may help you?
Yeah, my Louie Ann.
Hi.
You like Dickies?
Sure.
I guess a lot of women do, huh?
I believe so.
My woman says she loves to get Dickies.
I say.
She likes a lot of them.
Yeah.
And other than some gay guys like Dickies.
Well, I really don't know.
I never really thought about that.
What's the biggest Dickies you've seen?
Well, sir, we go out to a 72-way.
Oh, my God.
Do you like little Dickies, too?
I don't think my girl basically likes big Dickies.
Well, is there a point to this conversation, sir?
Yeah, just so I could just say, Dickie, a lot on the phone.
Well, how?
Uh, were you willing to place an order, sir?
For what?
For clothing?
But I want to talk about Dickies.
Well, sir, that's what we carry is clothing.
Well, then, Mickey, Dickie.
Sir, if there's no other reason that you're calling this...
I'm not like Dickies.
I'm going to disconnect.
No, when you're talking about Dickie.
What do you mean you want to get this out of here now?
Are you out of your mind?
You know, before you make yourself sick enough.
Who's making myself sick?
Oh, not yet, but I see a comment.
Who's making myself sick, ma?
No, this is good.
This is great stuff.
I know it's good.
That's why you keep eating it and...
What's wrong with it?
It's good for you, just because it's not low fat.
Like over there at Shulos, or whatever that other place was.
That they were peddling on TV with that propaganda.
Oh, it's low fat.
It's low fat.
You know what?
Stick it.
These onion rings are among the best I've ever had in my life.
And the jalapenga poppers are the best.
They are spectacular.
So why isn't it fortuitous for us that the guy was out of town in the one place,
and the other people unfortunately had that fire, but nevertheless.
Huh?
We wish them the best, but thank God for that.
5670560, 0560 on the AT&T.
Not that we're selfish or anything.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Can we go back to the penny sales tax for a second?
Yes.
First, I want to know when it became the no tolls referendum instead of the penny sales tax vote.
It's just pretty clever to drop the word tax out of it and also just make a referendum on no tolls.
But did you ever get to the point where why analysis pushing this so hard?
Go ahead.
I'm listening.
Well, the first point of this is for the metro rail.
If we can show that we have a new tax that will support operating the metro rail,
we'll get hundreds of millions of dollars of federal grants to build the metro rail.
And now who's money that has already been through that?
That's all going to all his buddies in the construction industry.
This is all a sham so that all the Latin builders can get rich off the tax dollars they're going to get from this penny sales tax.
And they're the people who put him in office.
So all this is, it's a scam to make his buddy rich.
A little payback.
And he thinks he's going to be vice president?
Okay, have a great day.
5670560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Fort Lauderdale, yes.
Hey Neil, a couple things.
That show that comes from the comedian from Canada that comes on MTV.
Tom Green?
Yeah.
What night is that tonight?
Tonight, 1030.
1030.
The other thing, halva is two syllables.
Halva.
No way in the middle.
No, it's not pronounced that way.
Nobody pronounces it halva.
Oh, well, that's...
Holy Goyam would say that.
Oh, that ain't me.
Thanks, guys.
Okay, good luck.
So I just don't...
Jews don't say halva.
But nevertheless, as you've got it once to it, you know, show me how smart he is now, dumb I am.
And I would agree with that.
After all, he's walking around on a loosen.
I'm stuck here in this chair now for another two and a half hours.
56670560.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile invoker.
Hello?
Yeah, now I was just calling real quickly.
I just tuned in, but that article about the guy who...
He gave all the money, like $300 million up to, they say possibly $900 million.
It's in today's sunset, no?
Oh, it's in the right place.
Yeah, it's...
The guy's name dropping.
Let's see.
I walked a chronic eye and a bunch of other people who weren't actually involved.
But he actually has gained a lot of famous people to get this money.
And also he has gained a lot of regular people dropping names of famous people as well.
But you'll see it.
It's in today's sunset and all in the front page.
On the front page?
Well, for the front section, actually.
It's probably about page five or six or so.
You'll see it's at the top of the...
I don't know the facts.
I couldn't actually tell you that.
Okay, thanks.
Okay, okay.
Okay, let's find the thing here.
Okay, kill some good time with that.
It's an old story.
We got to call yesterday.
It was all bent out of shape over the fact that don't read it's snicken New York Times.
That's for you, okay, pal?
I don't read the snicken New York Times.
I don't like the New York Times.
I don't want nothing to do with the New York Times.
And what comes to know what's going on in the world?
I hate to break the news to you, sir.
I guarantee you.
I'm way the hell ahead of you.
I'm a million miles ahead of you.
That a lot of mouth, New York, I'm not just Jack Astor, called yesterday.
Well, let's see what page this is on in today's sunset.
It's not on page two.
It's not on page three.
It's not on page four.
It's your ain't on page five because I got nothing but a whole page of ads on page five.
This is good.
We can go through the whole day.
Not on page six or seven.
I'll tell you that.
It's not on page eight.
It's not on page nine.
In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if it's not on a whole day in paper.
It's not on page ten or eleven.
It's not on page twelve.
Where the hell is it?
Is this guy hallucinating or what?
It's not on page thirteen.
It's not on page fourteen.
They're talking about the Iranians.
I'm going to try and go over there and jump it up and down like they got St.
Bite is dancing their pants.
It's not on page sixteen.
It's not on page seventeen.
But there's a very colorful ad though, therefore whatever the hell that is.
Which I'm not going to repeat because I don't want them to do any business.
There is a page eighteen.
It's not on there.
Russians report creating element.
Not on there.
Troops and Kingston Jumeikamon, battle city's gang wars.
It's not on there.
Is it on page twenty perhaps?
No.
Not on there.
How about page twenty one eight?
And then of course you get to be editorial page.
I bet you any amount of money.
Times to don't know.
It's not on there.
No.
How about the op-ed page?
No.
It's not there either.
Apparently it's in the Palm Beach Edition or something.
Oh, in the Palm Beach Edition.
Do we have the St.
And Palm Beach Edition?
No.
You'll wait your sweet ass.
We don't have the Palm Beach Edition.
Do we want the Palm Beach Edition?
No.
No, we don't.
It's an old story.
It's an old story again about people, Steven and all the usher canary going on over there.
And what I really need is the book.
I remember reading that.
It was the first day we were on the airplane going on vacation.
I remember reading that story maybe when you was say today.
And about how the Vatican got control of that thing.
And they had the ban book, the book ban or whatever it was in Italy.
Because there were too much of the truth.
And there in the course the church can't stand a goddamn truth.
So if somebody can give me a copy of the book, then we'll have something.
Then we can proceed.
Okay.
There's a portion of my sitting here, leaving through page after page in total frustration,
wasting enormous amounts of time.
Which, like I said, thank you so much.
Because it killed at least two, three good minutes.
This is the most disgusting program.
I urge everyone to complain to this station.
Yes.
Yes.
I'm now in Tatehuli, who floated in two towns.
And when I read the letters, I just can't put it down.
Since all the cringos moved away, they ought to try to get away.
They held me, held to change its name.
That's the empty and the empty and the empty and the empty.
It makes my tongue warm, warm, warm, warm.
And it's perfect for a town where there's no light to do this town.
Outside the quads, we do the best.
Like rubbing atyams and juicing tourists in the hinterland.
It's dangerous to the average in the hospital to be honest.
It's completely sad, it's sad, that's all you need to know.
I read it when I guess the case of black bean squirt.
And then I wipe my ass on my wire, bear rushers.
It's the empty and the empty and the empty and the empty and the empty and the empty and the empty.
It makes my tongue warm and warm and warm.
There are well-placed peaks.
I don't see.
Yes.
But it's a channel for anything.
15-11-550.
Come down.
By the way, good evening.
Any help for Angela Regg?
Sometimes soon.
Please, boy, she needs very serious help.
So anyway, Mayday's in North Pier Airport hits the jackpot today.
Great stuff.
Onion rings some of the best I've ever had.
I'll say it again.
The jalapeno and the jalapeno peppers are phenomenal.
Our phenomenal.
I'll continue to eat them until they all disappear.
Even when that doesn't need all that dipping sauce.
Let me just tell you this.
Although I do like the mozzarella sticks and the marinara sauce.
That's good.
But I'm not having those today.
Because usually, you know, seriously, usually when you have something that needs to be dipped in sauce,
that means that it doesn't taste all that great.
It's like putting a whole bunch of steak sauce on your steak, because the steak tastes like cardboard.
A really good steak, like you get it, at that place.
Oh, no, I'm not going to give them any more free plugs.
I mean, you know, not even a free cup of coffee.
Not even have a great night, Mr. Rogers.
That's for them.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5.
Look at that. I got one call on the board.
And it's got a question mark on it.
What does that tell you?
I guess it's time to get Jordan Knight out, huh?
Yeah, that'll make Sam happy.
Get his boyfriend.
Jordan Knight all cranked up ready to go.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Pemberg Pines with 16 question marks. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, Neil. Yes.
Have you gone to see Austin Powers?
No.
It's actually a movie.
Yeah.
And the other movie, um, American Pond.
American Pines, excellent, excellent.
Okay, I'm going this week.
I love, I'll.
Okay, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I just want to make sure I heard him say right.
And I would agree.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
What Sam looking in here for a little bit of lunch today, huh?
I guess Jordan, they'd taken as good a carousel as he used to.
So to speak, that's just a plan.
Words.
Oh, it's not.
You know, I've never only a fruit case that I know.
You know, it takes one to know one, but I have never encountered anybody in my life
who knows as many fruit case.
I'm not just talking about gay people.
I'm talking about real, real screaming flaming.
You know what I'm saying?
Yes, Sam.
I guess he gets around.
Of course, maybe he hangs out on South Beach.
That might be the problem.
Here's the mobile in the right and pop it over.
Chill out.
Hi, Dale.
How you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
Good, uh, in regards to...
Look at that.
I've written Jordan night and every line on the board is lit up.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Oh!
Go ahead, sir.
So, I'm still here.
In regards to steaks, I saw stuff.
You would still have you had mentioned Peter Luger steaks.
Oh, I love that.
I could drink it out of the bottle.
Okay.
Peter Luger steaks sauce.
And I've been Luger a few times.
It's not to be put on the steak, because if the steak is put on there, you wouldn't use
any steaks sauce with it.
Right.
It's for the tomatoes and onions that they give you as an appetizer.
Uh-huh.
It's in place that the salad dressing is the sauce there.
The steak.
Have you ever been to Luger's in New York?
No, I haven't.
Okay.
There you go.
It's a little sugar.
I'm sorry?
I said it's loaded with sugar.
Yeah.
That's why it tastes so good.
There is actually a diet that worked at Luger's, by the name of Andre, came out to Naples,
opened up Andre's steakhouse.
It's an exact clone of Luger's.
The sauce is exactly the same except instead of the sugar, it's made with honey, even sweeter, but excellent.
Done the way.
It's made with honey.
It is honey.
Yeah.
Exactly.
I also have a little song I wrote for you.
I'll sing it.
Go ahead.
New, radio, you are my queen.
You are the most beautiful guy I've ever seen.
One day I will hold you in my arms to fit.
And I will never let you out of my arms again.
Okay.
Thanks Jordan.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Not fooling me.
Jordan and I tried to do a voice.
I've just put him up to that.
What do you think?
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Mobile in Miami.
Yeah.
How you doing?
Okay.
Hey, your comments on something.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm glad you're here.
Period.
But what do you think of Jim Phillips?
The same thing as I think of South Park.
I am above the law.
Right.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, I don't even...
I mean, how many times do you have to repeat the same thing?
Oh, I can't believe you're not a Jim Phillips fan.
How much did he pay to make that call, sir, huh?
I know he's always named drop and drop in my name on here.
Which I appreciate.
And saying good things usually, I guess.
But I never heard the guy.
How can you have an opinion on somebody you never heard before?
Here's a mobile traffic report, not another mess today.
That would be the end.
Hello.
Do you have another bloody accident on?
It's a 95.
It's a 95 north coming out of downtown.
Yeah.
It's about 100 million cars looking at two idiots that got into a little fender bender.
Oh!
So just want to let you know it won't be an idiot and get on 95 like I am.
Thank you, sir.
See you, buddy.
God bless you.
There you go.
There's a bad news for you again.
Third day in a row.
And like I said, there's nobody here come to work this morning and the traffic is all backed up here on 441.
Because they had a horrendous wreck right on a street corner out here this morning.
A grotesque wreck.
There's nobody here.
How can we have so many freaking wrecks every day and then to make the cheese a little bit more binding a couple of days ago.
We had that bitch that was dangling over the overpass on 595 at 441 threatening to jump.
Look at that.
We went from a full board of calls to a couple of calls.
Now I'm telling you if you think I'm joking about Jordan that I'm going to pop that disc in the machine just to get you nervous.
Although Sam says he does have a great ass that Jordan 567.
Huh? That's what he said.
And he had a real serious look at his push what he said it to up the butt.
Yeah, something like that.
5 670560.
Here's Pember Pine.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
What do you think of Jim Phillips?
I don't care about Jim Phillips.
You ever hear him?
No, I haven't.
Now I used to live in Orlando but who cares.
Right.
I don't believe you're not a fan of him.
Well, I don't care about that.
Let me tell you something.
The reason I'm calling and you know what?
First of all, I'm going to say it because I feel I have to say it.
I'm the first time calling a long time with somebody who cares.
Right.
What does everybody say that?
Why do they say that when they get on the phone?
Do people really care?
No.
Why do they say that?
That's a very good point.
I thank you a bunch of boring people to call.
And I'm going to give this.
You want to light the falls up.
Here you go.
That alien is this call.
Yeah, you're ready for this meal.
Yeah.
I'm ready to just call.
Oh, Neil, did you see lots of powers?
The guy that came up the boat.
This is what I'm talking about.
He lives in Pember Pine.
I'm reading the newspaper this morning.
President Clinton is going to go crazy now on the Coast Guard.
Because of the six laps as it came in.
Right?
Now, let me tell you something.
They don't mention about all the years now that the Cubans come in on the boats and the intertops.
Oh, we're back with the Cubans again.
It's okay today.
I'm told.
Go ahead.
They're okay to hear you.
Let's say that.
They come in here.
The Coast Guard says, bowing a thousand of the lights for all these years.
You don't hear about that.
You hear about a few guys that made a couple of mistakes.
A little bit of pepper spray in here.
Oh my god.
Let's do this.
Right.
They forget about that.
They got the Cuban flagged down to Miami.
And the worst part is not everything.
They're going to miss the social security out for the next 15 years.
Did I pay you two?
Tonight?
Yeah.
Okay, that's 15.
Now, let's keep it going.
Right?
The other problem that I got is I live in Pepperpins for 30 years.
She is.
30 years now.
They're problems.
I know that my over-problems I've been in the jelly.
I can't even read.
I don't want to tell me, but I already expanded.
Everybody in Pepperpins.
I'm a huge, crazy woman.
I know that.
I'm a huge, crazy woman.
I know that.
I know that.
I know that.
I know that.
I know that.
I know that.
I know that.
I know that.
I know that.
Thank you.
560-705-60.
0.560 on the AT&T Wireless Line.
I love that Jordan Knight, baby.
Oh!
Here's a mobile in Kendall.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How are you doing?
Great.
Long time listening.
I'm just looking at my first time calling.
Yes, sure.
I'm just going to pick that guy up.
Hey, Bob.
You heard that.
I bet he's still talking.
He hasn't heard of the doubt on you.
Have you heard of that movie, The Blair Witch Project?
Yes.
Yeah, I saw it last night.
I sneak preview.
It was a good.
It was really good.
Yeah, I see it.
What kind of you know?
What kind of interesting to me?
Yeah, yeah.
They made it for like $25,000 and they sold it for like $1.5 million or something.
Oh!
Great.
Yeah.
There's another movie.
There was this local movie.
Zero of yours hit the keys.
I think it was a TV movie.
There was this guy Charlie Adams on the usual Jewish bag.
I don't know my friends.
And that's all I have.
Okay, and have a great day.
Hey, listen.
I just want to get on a roll.
I don't want to interrupt.
I want to keep going.
Somebody said to me, yeah, I think it was yesterday.
Oh, you don't let people finish.
Well, that's because they don't want to talk about Cuban yesterday.
And yesterday was the same.
It was not the, it was anti-Cuban Day.
It was anti-talking about Cuba.
It was something.
And when I tell you we're not going to talk about something, we're not going to talk about it.
Unless, of course, you want to talk about Jim Phillips.
Let's talk about him for a few hours.
Anybody ever hear him?
No.
No.
But I can't believe you're not a fan.
I can't believe you're not obsessed with Jim Phillips.
I can't believe you don't all have your own Jim Phillips blow up now.
Even though you don't know who that is.
Why is it that people who live in Orlando, Palm Beach County and in Tampa?
In those three areas, why is it that they think that everybody in the world cares about their freaking radio?
Yeah.
Every single time we get a call from somebody from Tampa, oh, we used to listen to him over on us.
You went and it was great.
A blob lacator is if we care.
Do we care about him?
No.
Nobody here even knows who that is.
And then we get calls from Orlando.
And they want to talk about almost unreal radio in Jim Phillips.
And whoever else they got on there, which, you know, they got Howard in the morning.
Is that what is that means that can anything do with them?
No.
No, they open up a pot.
There's Howard.
It's a big deal with that.
I think they got time to like us on that station too, which I'd be embarrassed to admit that.
God.
How you doing, Tom?
You're a compulsive little liar.
They left town in the middle of the night for fiendish Arizona with a banjo on your knee,
with your Neil Hubehub of license plate on your car, with your three share from WS News.
Just before we put the tombstone out there for it.
You faker, you foany, with your goddamn ugly leather jacket.
One thing about like you, so he makes me look pretty good, you know.
Makes me look lovely.
And so does your night, by the way.
Four minutes before noon at 5.60 WQM.
What do you laugh at about?
I look beautiful compared to your night.
Then I got a better ass.
Oh, no!
Come on!
Next week on pay for review.
Come on!
Come on!
No matter what your political views, you are a challenge to a match to the death.
Rosie, the killer whale O'Donnell, takes on all comers in a Steel K Deathmatch.
This is a WWF sanctioned match, so don't miss it.
Call your cable provider today.
Rosie, the killer whale, take on the NRA, neonazi, abortion, and dumpers, and the KKK.
It's you!
Call your cable to a 5.60 WQM.
By the way, celebrity deathmatch before time greened on MTV.
You know who's going to be on?
Bob Lanciter and Jim Phillips.
That's what I hear.
5.607-05, maybe we'll get a call from Orlando.
We'll accept collect calls from Orlando if anybody wants to give us a Jim Phillips spy report.
Yeah, Greg reads out of town, Scoran, she's out of town.
So basically we got Sam and Ray Perry running the choice.
So what do we care?
We'll take collect calls from Orlando today.
If you're listening on the internet and up there.
We've got to have somebody, right?
Let's get a Jim Phillips spy report and find out if the guy is even worth listening to.
After the other guy was just hyperbac-
I can't, man.
Any puts in my head, Phil Henry?
Are you sure?
Oh my god.
Sir, you must be hallucinating.
You must be doing doggy inners.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
You know you said about 441, the traffic and all that.
They have been all this promising to take care of, but you didn't take care of nothing.
He's crazy.
He don't help us for none.
You're right.
He's a man that doesn't do nothing.
He should be the next one getting lined up for that big electric chair for all the dogs he had.
We can get killed on 451 in the other 99th street.
He promises to sign.
There's two signs.
He has no nothing.
Welcome to the kid.
He's a liar, liar, liar, liar.
Pants on fire, right?
Okay.
Catch the way he's liar, liar.
567, which we used to have that in the thing, but I bet you it's not in there anymore.
Is it, uh...
Like I said, for Mayor Pingo, liar, liar, tank of song, fire, you're not the conduit that I would desire.
Exactly.
567, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the mobile one line.
Hank Goldberg from Flagler Dogtract this afternoon, probably because we're making some money from that.
Six o'clock we got Donnie baseball, 630 to pregame, and then the Marlins at the Toronto Blue Jays,
7 o'clock tonight in the sky dome in a real, real, serious city.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Hey, hey, hey, how you doing, Neil? Got your fill-up stuff there.
You know, he does that color-gun-hand too.
Yeah.
Yeah, he does a great job.
Well, anybody can drink color and water that don't make him great.
Uh, well, I actually think he's great up there.
Yeah.
Yeah, he sounds, uh...
He sounds like he'd like to sound more like you.
Yeah.
So in other words, he's a wannabe, is that what you're saying?
Well, after you listen to Neil Rogers, doesn't everybody want a bee?
Yeah!
So let me ask you, did you, uh, do you live down here or early or, like, what?
Uh, no, I live in Orlando, stuck with Orlando radio.
So you never heard Phil Henry when he was on IOD?
Um, actually, uh, no.
Okay.
Listen to you when you were in the keys for a little while.
Because this guy is telling me that Jim Phillips is better than Phil Henry,
and I look at that with one eye straight to the sky when I hear that.
Well, I don't know.
I haven't heard Henry, but I know Phillips is absolutely wonderful.
He's the Harrison, the rest of everything in the market.
He stands out.
He stands out.
He stands out like you are down here.
Yeah.
Blow their doors off.
In the wilderness.
Okay, thanks a lot, Kyle.
Ah, thanks a lot.
Okay, give Jim a big kiss for me.
Right on the lips.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, pom, five.
But that guy when he put the Jim Phillips, of course, I don't know.
Maybe he is great.
Maybe he's the best broadcaster in America.
And if that's the case, how come he's in Orlando?
That's what I would like to know.
How come he's not so real radio?
I mean, how come I'm in Miami because they're paying me a lot of money,
which is the answer to that question.
I'm not really sure why, but they are anyway.
And the reason that they are paying me a lot of money is because I'm making them a lot of money,
so they can afford the luxury of Greg Reed having his country club here,
and having all these sports franchises on this radio station,
and having to go to the sports bar with a microphone like George calls it,
which is absolutely right.
So that Greg can feed us for Canego.
Oh, here's a call from Tampa.
Hi, Neil. How you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
I live in Tampa, but I go to Orlando all the time.
Don't mention Bob Lasseter, please, whatever you do, please.
I live a little bit outside of Tampa.
I can't even get him on the radio.
Good.
They can't say one thing about Jim Phillips.
He better than the shake.
Yeah.
All right.
Wow.
That's true. He sucks.
You know, he could do something like that.
I like to do something like that.
You know, get in.
Put on this gymnastics uniform.
You know, oh man.
There's a little sampling of the shaking, right?
Anybody must have.
The four minutes he was on here here, yeah.
You know the funny thing about it is, is that I think he's listened to a lot of QAM and IOD before,
because he sounds like he's the guy who's absolutely right.
He's a Neil Wannabe.
Yeah.
Well, for years I've been hearing he always mentions my name, which I find bizarre, because most
people in Orlando haven't got any ID who I am.
He does it every once in a while.
He mentioned you and you know, in other talk shows, you know.
Yeah.
But the bottom line is, is he's a Neil Wannabe.
He's okay for Orlando radio, but I mean, there's no comparison between him and the Phil Edwards.
Fine.
Neil, you need to better net.
Yeah.
I just want to let you know.
Okay.
Thanks.
Now I feel better.
I mean, that guy before he made me feel almost like inferior, like, geez, what's wrong with you,
man?
How come you're not a big Phil, Jim Phillips fan?
Weren't you starting to feel like something was missing in your life?
The way he said that?
Like, I just can't believe it.
Somebody of your impeccable taste.
Who the, who the frick is Jim Phillips anyway?
I know I like his, his CDs.
Makes a fine screwdriver.
Right.
Like his head.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60.
Yeah, there's the guy who invented head.
Jim Phillips.
And if you like a good drink every now and then, what's wrong with a good screwdriver?
Oh, what's that?
What we just get now?
A fact apparently went downstairs, and what does it say?
Says Uncle Neymt.
But I mean, was it something good?
Is it something important?
I don't know.
I'm going to go here.
Oh.
WQI am.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Oh.
Neymt.
Yes.
Yeah, listen to this.
Can we get any of your crocs?
Collect calls from Orlando?
No.
Is nobody listening to Orlando?
No.
Damn it.
Neymt.
Yes, sir.
I've heard Jim Phillips, and he's no Phil Henry.
He sucks.
Yeah.
Are you dead, sir?
Okay, thanks.
How do you like that?
We got people comparing Jim Phillips to Phil Henry, which I think is sacrilegious.
I think Phil should kick their ass.
Is what I think.
Are you sure it's positive?
See, the people in this town who didn't call Phil Henry when he was here by the way, the
same ones who'd our call on me, and they're going to say, when I hang it up in about three
weeks, they're going to say, oh, gee, you know, that deal was really pretty good.
We sure miss him.
Although it's your journey to be happy because he would work for like what?
About a tenth of the price, and you know, no problem at all.
He'll work cheap.
I'm serious, man.
I'm talking to a...
I'm going to find an accountant somewhere there.
What I'm really going to do is rob a bank.
I'm going to find out somebody that can do some real serious drug deals.
I'm going to go over there to Dolphin Camp and find out what some of those new Dolphin players
get some good deals going.
And just hang it up and get out of this crap.
You know what?
I've got a sit here talking to people about Jim Phillips in Orlando, which I never heard of in my frickin'
life.
I heard the name, but I never heard his show and why the hell would I want to hear his show?
Let me say it again, like the people who in Palm Beach who always think that we care about J&O and all that crap.
Does anybody out here care about that?
No.
Do we care about Randy?
No.
We wish you're luck.
Don't we wish you're luck?
Well, you don't.
Because you got an anastagrime, huh?
You're just indifferent.
Whatever.
Yeah, we don't wish anybody bad luck.
Although I'll make it exception, okay?
Two people I'll make it exception one.
That's one, even though Randy Jr., and the other one is her boss.
We're trying to want to mention people who drew on the ear.
Yeah.
Let's get a people's ear.
Voodoo down.
Stick it.
I'll stick it.
I'll stick it.
I'll stick it.
Stick away the moon out, Shine.
Stick it up the right eye.
Right.
As that the lymphedic biscuit would say.
Isn't that what they say in that song?
Stick it up the right eye.
About 2,000 times which is the only reason anybody would buy it.
I'm telling you.
I could go out and make a record right now if I said stick it up your ass.
The kids would buy it.
Why don't you?
Why do you think South Park is so big?
You think if South Park and those cartoon characters were speaking like nice and clean,
you think anybody would watch it?
No.
Of course not.
Because they say a lot.
Ten minutes past noon at 5.60 WQ.
I don't play any lip wrist biscuit.
Please.
We'll have a duel.
Yeah.
We're going to have, we're going to face off.
Let's stick this good and lip wrist, uh, Jordan.
Can it?
Can it?
Can it?
It's been too long.
Oh, not long enough.
They could beat him up.
That's a Lafayne Gau, Marera Gauanne.
I want Montez Zuma.
Montez Zuma.
I'm going to take you to the airport.
Yeah.
Go south of the border and learn the way of Montez Zuma.
I'm going to take you to the airport.
Please pass another.
I'm going to take you to the airport.
That's great, I'm going to take you to the airport.
Hold on tight.
It's going to be a very long night.
Montez Zuma.
I'm riding the porcelain for you.
Sure.
1215 at 560.
I'm going to queue in.
We have about 20 or 30 open lines here.
If you want to participate.
I'm so sorry that I brought up Jim Phillips because it's
Kill the Show.
I mean, what's the point of spending a lot of time talking about somebody that even I don't know who we're talking about.
You know, it kills him a good time, but Jesus.
But like, what's the sense of talking about Jesus?
Do we know him?
Of course not.
Why waste of time?
There was not such guy.
And if there was, boy, snappy dresser.
567-0560.
Love the sandals.
So in pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in the sunglasses.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing today?
Great.
When I heard the guy call for about the Jim Phillips, I had to call you.
I travel up and down the road to see my kid in Daytona.
So I pick up 104.
That guy blows.
He used to be halfway deep a year ago when he had a lady named Miss.
Miss B that used to work with him.
And now he's added this stink and broad name, more or I think it is that works.
He blows.
Trust me.
That guy, if he raised about Jim Phillips, it's just because Orlando hasn't had any of you.
And how do you like him comparing him saying that he's better than Phil Henry?
I took great reception of that.
You know, Phil Henry would have kicked his ass up and down the radio waves.
Right.
Well, not even that's even before Phil got out of bed in the morning.
I know.
And you know, people still don't realize down here.
I don't think what they lost in Phil Henry.
Right.
But I had just gotten to South Florida when I heard Phil Henry.
And I couldn't understand why the people didn't take to him.
But the combination that I would be had with you and me were probably a dream team
that any country would have loved to have.
Yeah.
But they blew it.
And I guess it was that bolder guy, keep hearing you talk about just blew everything.
He could screw up a lot of dream, man.
Well, I'll tell you what, tell the guy on Orlando.
And I hope a lot more people call that, that no Jim Phil's.
I got nothing against him personally.
But after listening to you and then going up there,
as soon as I channel surf and it's 104.1,
that stuff comes right off the radio.
Good job.
Okay.
Have a great day.
Boy, kind of stuff right in the middle of the SH and the rest of it.
Wow.
Nice going.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
So the birth is that he sucked.
Yeah, but wait a second.
That's the word that I'm getting is that he couldn't lick Phil's victims.
What we're hearing.
I think the old IOD audience take grave exception to the idea that some young punk calls up here
and says Jim Phillips was so much better than Phil Henry.
So do you like these MTV dance shows?
Oh yeah.
The beach dance shows.
Yeah.
Right now.
Well, I know what number that is.
Oh, how come it's up to 364?
Get the right number on here, Mr. Global Groove.
Oh, geez.
They're panning from one point.
Oh, I know, but why do we have to see him?
We don't see, let me tell you something.
All you people at MTV everywhere else, not that MTV don't show enough, you know, they sure plenty of good plays.
We don't want to see ugly people without their clothes on.
Oh, no.
Come on.
Look at how skinny she is now ugly.
He was.
I mean, now we're getting a little bit better, but still out so great.
You know, we want to see hot looking people without too much clothes on.
Why do you think that so many people watch road kill?
I mean, road rules, huh?
Because every now and then they have a bunch of hot young people on there.
And that's what the public wants to see.
And usually running around without too many clothes on.
You know what I'm saying?
What America wants to see.
And by the way, how about that spot for the Cologne, whatever the hell it was that they called.
Right with the all, let's just know that everything is all that they want to show.
Yeah, they won't show because it's got shows condoms in it.
Yeah, you know, there was, there was one, what that was it was some kind of a deal that we're advertising on TV in the Netherlands.
We're like a record though, one of those record collections or something.
And when you send in for you get four free condoms.
Can you believe this week?
The network executives in this country are too uptight to show the spot because it shows condoms in there.
And it's a bad message to the young people.
Now, give the message that Mother Teresa was sending.
Don't use protection and keep spreading disease.
There you go.
That's the message that that old wrinkled up bitch was spreading all over the world.
That murdering bitch.
Just like the Pope, it'll pop up.
I haven't seen anybody yet that I would walk across the street to touch with your hand.
Okay, that's all I want to tell you right now.
Well, I'm talking to me on this.
Well, yeah, there's plenty for you.
She's pretty good.
You know, some sexist bastard is doing this.
Some heterosexual douchebag is doing this, uh, taping.
God.
Hot chicks with enormous, oh, there you go.
There's another hot guy.
It looks like Sam on a bad eating day.
God.
So, like I said, let me back to my other channels.
Okay, please, why did you do this to me?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60.
I mean America is so desperate for flesh that you mark my words.
They're going to go rushing out to watch this stupid Tom Cruise, uh, Nicole Kidman movie.
I'll go see it.
It's a Kubrick movie.
Why do you think he died?
Oh, from embarrassment.
That's right.
Even he wasn't buying at Nicole Kidman and Tom Cruise Crap, okay?
And by the way, the Scientologist will be very pleased that you're going to go out and subsidize the movie because Tom is in it.
So, they'll be very happy with you for a change.
Here's a mobile and four-letter deal. Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, there. Not to beat a dead or a dead boy.
Go right ahead. Keep beating it, man.
Fill a bleed.
Working Orlando, living South Florida.
Yes, sir.
For four years.
Listen to lovely Jim Phillips.
He sucks.
Yeah.
Hold.
The only reason people listen to him is they have nothing better up there.
Yeah.
And everyone I know that when they get down to the kids when they did the area, they turn on AM560 and they say,
I heard Neil today.
I heard Neil.
All right.
So they all know who you are up there and you didn't know the candle to fill.
I sure hope that's filled.
That the word doesn't get back to him that anybody was comparing a Jim Phillips to him because he'll be really upset.
And every time I go out to LA, the first thing I do is I look for Phil Station.
I turn him on.
He's just as good.
Yeah, he's doing great.
He's excellent.
Well, that's all I got to say.
But nothing to him.
Okay, thanks.
Take care.
Okay, so there's the word for you.
Okay, the definitive word we were taking a poll here and so far we've had 49,000 people call they all said,
Don and Mike blow.
And Jim Phillips too.
What we don't have on it is Jim Phillips blows.
Not yet.
56670560.560 on the mobile one line.
Although I will say this, Don and Mike may blow, but we always are grateful for Don.
What was his name, Don, Jermon, I'm always saying W-I-O-D.
Oh, I hate that station.
Thank you, Don.
Here's West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Pretty good, sir.
The Jim Phillips thing from another angle.
Another thing that guy said it was ridiculous is he's Howard before you.
The dream team is Rick and Suzz, you and Phil.
Rick and Suzz?
You love Rick and Suzz, still though here.
Come on.
The dream team is Rick and Suzz is supposed to Howard in the morning?
Yes.
Yeah.
It isn't Howard, like just got a very...
Well, I mean, I don't listen to Howard.
He doesn't need for me.
I mean, I'm not into lesbian, so he's not in the form of you know.
I don't need him.
I think he has a very small base of people.
Really, you know.
Anyway, another story.
He has a small base of people, Howard?
No, I mean, I don't mean that.
He doesn't have the full range of age and all.
Right, most of his people, they're either like five years old or have a five year old mentality.
But he has many people older than that, they just never outdo it.
Yeah.
Did you hear the story from Tampa about the bitch that caused the seven car traffic wreck?
No.
She dropped her cell phone between the gas pedal and the brake and trying to get it,
she swirled out of her lane and hit seven other cars.
Seven car pile up.
All right.
Five people to the hospital with injuries.
All right.
I just like to say that these bitches and these big Lincoln navigators and the four Broncos hang up and drive.
All right.
Yeah, but have a great day, panel right now.
Thanks for the spy report.
Everybody says Jim Phillips blows.
They're not just saying bad.
They're saying he blows.
He sucks.
He bites.
I don't want to say that jump on the bandwagon because I don't know.
There's a guy that's always saying nice things about me.
So why should I rip him an ass?
Unlike my good friend, Al Goldstein.
And I mentioned to you by the way that I left him a couple of caustic messages on his answering machine.
No, it won't them.
No, it's in pompano.
I don't have his number with amps to them.
You've got it.
I don't want it.
He keeps sending it to me and I keep throwing it away.
Because then when I'm over there, at least now I have an excuse why I don't call him if he happens to be there.
We just go tap on the door and if we hear a noise inside, we run away.
Caustic messages about what?
About that tape that he sent about how he admitted that he's going to suck Howard's ass because he wants to go on Howard's show to have Howard promote the screw magazine website.
www.scromanag.com.
What if we're doing for free?
Should've seen that movie he made.
And he gives me that gratuitous plug about how he loves me so much better than Howard and Yadi Yadi.
And I'm down here in Miami.
Most of the people watching Midnight Blue up there in New York don't know who I am.
And he gives me a nice plug.
But then he turns right around and goes on to say, oh, well, you know Howard's great.
And this and that even though we walked off his show.
And the only reason he's saying this is because he wants to get the free plug and to get on that show.
Which goes to show all you kids out there.
Divorce can be a real expensive business, okay?
You can lose all your pride all in your self respect when you have a real expensive messy divorce like Al Goldstein.
Because if you know as well as I do, if he weren't hurting for money, he'd tell Howard to stick it up in...
...break them like he did before.
But he needs the cash.
Here's Timberpine.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing today?
Okay.
How was...
Okay, moving right along.
Let's go to Cooper City.
Hello.
It's raining over here.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You know, I just came back from a wonderful time in Toronto by your recommendation.
Oh, you were there?
I was five days.
Great.
I stayed at that Weston Harden Hotel.
Downtown, yeah.
Downtown.
We went to the car.
drove up to Niagara Falls all around the place.
Good time.
Isn't that a great city?
Yeah, it's...it's...it is a nice place to go.
Yeah, I will say, you know, it went up just traveled around and people were fine.
No problem walking around.
Right.
You know, and was it too expensive?
No, it's a hell of a deal.
At the American Dollar.
And then you get that a lot of here.
Right.
Hey, how come the Panthers always come so close to sign in the player?
Every notice every time we go look to sign a free agent.
We really tried hard to get that player.
Yeah.
We saw clips facing.
Brian Murray's got to go.
Well, no, actually they wanted to get Kaminsky, but then they found out that his first thing was Valerie.
And they were a little bit nervous about giving the guy a...
You know, in the valley of...
He's a crap with talking English now.
I mean, what...what if something...
Yeah, how do you like that?
You better talk English on a bench, Terry Murray.
He wants to fit in right into stop-forage, making it into a bilingual issue.
I say, let's learn some vulgarities in Czechoslovakia.
That sounds good to me, right.
And hey, do you get your form for season tickets?
You had to...what's the story with that?
Yeah.
Did you?
Sure.
Long time ago.
Uh-oh.
Oh.
Oh.
5667, I guess they don't want that guy back.
5667, 0560, 0560 on the mobile one line.
26 past noon and 560.
By the way, I don't want to mention anybody since we're talking about hockey.
It's Pierre Turgion, not Turgion.
I just mentioned that.
But I hear somebody on the station yesterday say, Turgion several times, I think I did.
Oh.
I'm just mentioning, patching his name is Turgion.
He's a frog.
I can't stand him.
He's a pretty good player.
I don't like him.
But if we're going to pretend to be known something about sports on this station,
let's get the hockey names right.
Just think Turgion.
Turgion.
Turgion.
That's his name.
Frog.
I don't want to start picking on anybody.
But, all right, I think what, yeah, here's Laura.
Hello.
Hello, Mr. Green.
I don't know where you get all these ideas from, but it's absolutely ridiculous.
What Heizinger is buying you off.
He's buying everybody in South Florida off making everybody the people pay the bills for him.
Why should we pay to have him there?
He's got plenty of money.
Well, I think you're all a bunch of nipwits.
Well, what does that mean?
Well, you're calling down to him.
That's all.
Sports is a very, very big part of the South Florida economy, ma'am.
Yes, it is.
But he's going to have to pay back the people.
We're going to pay for what he said his money.
But why, isn't he?
Could I ask you to calm down, please?
Because if you were an employee of mine, I'd have your fire for taking the good.
You'd be the first one to go away.
Well, you're not allowed to speak to me that way.
And no employee of mine's allowed to speak to me that way.
So I would ask you to just calm down.
Or I will hire you just to fire you.
Hello.
Over here.
That's my life.
Number one, Wayne Heisenga saved South Florida.
It was a toilet bowl before he got here.
A large swirling, ground-tenged toilet bowl.
He came here, saved sports, saved our sports franchises.
It gave us a reason to go on living.
We had no reason to live until he came here.
We had the dolphins.
That was it.
It has been once was football team.
Now we've got baseball, hockey.
We've got blockbuster video stores.
And here at WIOD, of course, we have our blockbuster gold cards,
which entitles us to half-off on every video rental.
We're very excited about that, Phil.
Did you get yours?
Yes, I got my blockbuster gold card.
So you see Laura, you may be on ERD and that's a big deal.
Well, it's very good for our employees.
Would you like one?
No, I wouldn't.
Thank you.
I want to tell my son not to even bother firing any videos at just all.
What kind of videos do you like to watch?
None.
Any kind of, any little ex?
No.
I don't understand the reason for that question at all,
whether this very fine lady watches...
You know, you've actually created videos.
You really, I'm not a young person.
You're not like X-rated movies.
Well, maybe I'll start.
If I get a little...
You know, you're a club.
What is the point of it?
You're on this way.
That's what you are.
I'll listen to her going off.
I'll tell you something right now.
You need about, I'd say, six, seven hours,
a little cognac, and some guy with a French name and a beret.
You'd be wishing one another tune.
What are you talking about?
You don't, you know, Mr. Henry isn't he ridiculous?
It's a little insulting Bob for you to be talking to that lady that way.
And I hope everybody listens to you.
I'm not talking to everybody listening to you boycotts, W-I-O-D.
When's the last time you bought a ticket to a dolphin game?
I don't go to the dolphin game.
Oh, there you go.
Why should I even care what you say?
I watch the Mon Television, but I do not go to the Philippines.
I'm too old to go.
What do you mean you're too old to go?
You sound fishy as hell to me.
I've just gone through an ad hoc issue in the operation
and I cannot do it.
You know, I thought it was Jim Mandish.
That doesn't keep him from going.
He didn't have an artificial knee operation.
He did have an autopsy surgery.
You know, don't tell me that.
He's got a lot more than that.
There's a lot of shit for you to have.
Listen, I get sent my car this weekend.
Pick you up.
You and me.
Dinner.
Dancing.
What do you say?
Nothing doing.
I wouldn't even...
He was here with you.
He was a good relationship with this list and was gone astray.
He doesn't understand business.
Understand.
I understand business.
I think the thing is that we're very important.
I would appreciate your paper.
I would appreciate your name.
I would do everything we can to keep you happy.
And thank you for the insults.
You're really a fine man.
I hope your life appreciates it.
My life is fine.
Sure.
Maybe she's right too.
Oh, baby.
All right.
Knock it off, Bob.
Please.
Laura, I apologize for my boss.
Yes.
He's nothing but a nitwix.
Good bye.
You've got a lot to say.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Okay.
1234-550.
No, Jim Phillips.
I'll tell you that.
Thank God.
560-705-60.
I'm going to take my blood one day soon.
Whatever you want.
Next week.
I want to ask you if you want a news scoop regarding healthcare,
politics and business.
Yes.
You're going to scoop the herald on this because we'll come out tomorrow.
Okay.
Right.
You know, we formed a union last year.
Right.
The doctors.
Some of the insurance companies have been screwing us in the public long enough.
And we figured it was time to let the way I phrase it is for the Jews from New York to meet the Italians from New Jersey.
And so we announced this morning that we're still in one of the biggest HMOs in the state.
Would you like to hear about it?
Sure.
Okay.
Well, United Health Care has been screwing around for months and months and months.
Lowering payments to doctors unilaterally is nothing they can do about it.
So we decided to take this on as our first adventure.
And we're really having a press release about the lawsuit that we're filing in Orlando tomorrow afternoon.
And we're going to try to make some changes in the health care's management.
It's not just because it's timely with Congress.
It was a coincidence that we'd work on this for six months.
How's that sound?
Great.
Wonderful.
Hi.
How's the day you're coming Monday?
Monday, maybe.
If you want.
Yeah.
We better arrange it.
Okay.
We'll do.
Well, you got to make sure you let me know because I'm going to fast.
You know, if I fast kill you, I'm ready to pass out.
You know me.
Monday, in that case, Monday's probably, let's don't do it Monday.
We'll firm it up and then I'll let you know for sure.
Because Monday's really not my best day.
Leave you off some buzz off care.
Okay.
Okay.
Anyway, that's really my whole thing.
I just wanted to give you the information in advance.
I told the Harold about it and he seemed to be loud-lying about it.
When they get the news, when they get the press release tonight,
they'll be looking for me tomorrow.
But they'll leave daily.
I'm dollars short.
Well, God bless you.
Thanks, Mark.
See you next week.
Okay.
There's Dr. Mark.
He's doing it.
5670560, 0.560, on the mobile one line.
You got 1520,000 open lines here between now and two.
Now are 24 minutes to kill any interest here today?
No.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
You're a killer.
You're a killer.
You killed his great, man.
Anyway.
Are you up?
Yeah.
I was up in New York last week.
I was flipping it in the radio dial, too.
And I caught the end of a bid.
I guess they were promoting a morning show or something.
It was that bid that you had won about the girl in the field or whatever.
Right.
That's a farmer's daughter, right?
Right.
You don't have, I don't know, I don't know how it works as far as these bits.
But you don't have exclusives on them or something.
Well, for the market.
Right.
Well, anyway, that's it.
Anyway, great show.
Okay.
And have a great life.
Yeah, for the market, you know, in the thing, 5.670560,
pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Here's Tamarack.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I got the scoop on Jim Phillips for you.
Okay.
Yeah, 98.9% of material he rips off from you, man.
Really?
Does he word for word?
Maybe that's why these people find it so familiar.
I know, because I lived there for a few years.
I moved back down here and I listened to you for five years.
Well, obviously, listen, I don't know.
I just couldn't believe it.
Does he listen to the show on the internet?
Is that it?
He probably does.
Uh-huh.
So I know compare it to him and Phil, though, none at all.
Thanks for the scoop.
All right, Neil.
See ya.
All right.
Okay, we've had 42,698 calls and except for the one kid that said that he was better than sliced bread
and hull of all put together.
Every other one of them has said, he's an asshole.
He sucks.
5.670560, 0560 on a mobile one line boy.
If I got a headache, I wonder if it's from this real tight cap I got in my head now.
Thanks to our good friend, South Alconi and our friends from the sole water.
We're in here before giving you a little guided tour and bringing me some more olive oil.
Olioliva.
Here's four Myers.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
Yeah, I was in Orlando.
I was a gas.
I was a gas.
I thought, ah.
And so it could be unacquably stated, Jim Phillips sucks.
Thank you.
Okay, thank you.
Well, the poll continues going.
This is even bigger than Ricky Martin's ass.
I'll tell you that.
And far as the response, they are downright hostile is what they are.
So, sir, the one I called before, save the tape.
Okay, don't waste the tape.
Don't waste the postage.
People are starving that don't go waste their couple of bucks posted.
Send them me some stupid cassette tape.
Because when we have 127,000 people calling, every one of them says,
he's an asshole.
He blows a can.
They can't all be wrong, you know.
22 before one at 560 WQ.
I'm a gut tank, Goldberg show from Flagler.
From Fabulous Flagler or two.
Anybody going down there to check out some good dog racing?
No.
Six o'clock we got the, huh?
What are you looking like that?
The dogs in the highlight.
They're like a S.O.L. baby.
They're a history, you know?
Like a big dinosaur.
A buckwheat?
You want to tell you something?
You're all a bunch of sentiment.
Because I just tell you what you said.
What are they, are they?
You want to get rid of this old kite on the phone?
You're going to throw it away.
That's the kite.
I'm not a f***er.
Excuse you, excuse your language, man.
That's true.
Use your language.
There wasn't no farmer who lives on a rock.
He's adding the metal just shaking his hip.
That's some boys who were down by the frick.
There being the waters there is on their marbles
and lay things that had passed forward.
There came a young lady.
She looked like a pretty young creature.
She sat on the grass.
She pulled up her dress and she showed them her rumbles and laces
and white fluffy dung.
She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children.
So they would not spit while the boys in the barnyard
were shoveling wrapped you send litter from yesterday's hunt.
One girl in the meadow was rubbing her eyes at the fellow
down by the dot.
He looked like a man with a sigh of a home in the country
with a big fence out front.
If he asked her for a lightly she'd show him her list of bettos
who was subject to bits.
And maybe she'd let him grab hold of her small tender hands
with a movement so quick.
And then she'd bend over and suck down his candy
so tasty made up butter sky.
And then he spread whipped cream all over her cookies
that she had left out on her shelf.
If you think this is dirty you can go fuck yourself.
Oh right.
25 and 560 WQAM.
We have 20 or 30 open lines for you.
60 or 70, 560, 560.
0.560 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes sir.
Yeah, a long time listener first time caller.
Sure.
Just wanted to say that I think you're great and I think the world's going to come to an end.
Yeah okay.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Mobile in Miami.
Seven minutes and 26 seconds of our dime wasted right down the old trapper.
Okay, 560, 560, 0.560 on a mobile one line.
Let's try a mobile in Boca.
Hello.
Hello, mobile Boca, it's on.
Is that it?
That's it.
Sounds like it.
Okay.
Hey listen, I just moved down here to South Florida.
Oh, I'm so sorry.
Okay, I actually kind of like it right now.
Yeah.
I just come across your radio station in your show and I think it's fantastic.
So that's a close about moving down here.
Where are you from?
Well, I'm from Ireland but I just moved here from Colorado actually recently.
So I've been in college in Colorado for a while.
One of the things I noticed that I come down here is what's with the TV news stations,
or the television stations in this area?
They suck.
They're news.
Yeah.
They're absolutely atrocious.
I mean, it seems to me that it's just in the business of trying to jam as much unintelligent,
uninformative crap into a short time as they possibly can.
Yeah, they're middle-aged crap.
I don't understand why.
I mean, there's, I mean, one of the main stories on last night's news on, I don't know which channel,
but I haven't taken a mile out yet, but it was about some eight-year-old kids still in their face with pizza.
I mean, if that, I mean, that passes for news down here, I might just have to move away.
Yeah, I would not pack too fast because after another couple of weeks you'll understand what this place is really all about,
you'll hate it like poison.
Well, I mean, I love the area.
I mean, it's beautiful, it's beautiful, it's beautiful.
I tell you, it's so repressive here, not even allowed to rub your shalei.
Oh, yeah.
That's right.
Well, we're getting, that's right, sir.
I'm telling you.
I believe that.
But I just wanted to make the comment that I'm just pretty amazed.
I mean, some of the news channels are trying to, they don't even take a breath in between these ridiculous stories.
Well, I got a lot of breath to get out.
Well, that's what it is.
They spent some more time on some serious stories, and you know, I don't just mean world news just because I come from somewhere else,
but I'm talking like, at least some serious stories from the area.
I'd like to find out what's going on in the area.
It's not too much going on.
Don't worry about it.
I was just following the exact comment down there.
It's just like being in Northern Ireland.
You know, a lot of shootings and bombing stuff like that.
We don't have that much of that going on anymore.
Oh, that's good.
We're getting better.
Okay, I'll see if that Protestant march.
Yeah, that's a poor.
Have a great day, pal.
Okay.
I'll take care of it.
I'll see what the orange people and the purple people eaters.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's a Miami.
Hello.
Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
You there?
I'm listening.
Okay.
Hey, listen.
I got a buddy.
You know, he likes your show.
We love your show.
We love you.
But I really think that he gets.
All right.
Isn't that even done?
Just how does he come out of the closet?
We just need him to come out of the closet.
Maybe you have to hotspour.
Maybe that's the problem.
No, no, no.
If I were you, I would like to try it.
But hey, next time you're together with him, I would grab his crops.
And see what his reaction is.
Isn't that a real good tip off, so to speak?
56670560, 0560, 0560 on the mobile one line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
We're getting real close to Jordan Night again.
I'll tell you that.
Miami.
Hello.
Here's a two late mobile in West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Wow, that's the quickest I didn't have to wait.
49 seconds, man.
So I'm the gun.
Hey, have you heard from Phil lately?
I've heard you just played at one bit.
You have?
No, haven't heard from Phil lately because he's out there with Los Angeles.
He's got a wife and a wife and a bunch of kids and he's doing great.
That's just too bad.
He's trying to forget about this place.
He's the bomb next to you.
Yeah.
Hey, you want to add that one bit that he had the apartment?
We know stairs, do you?
No.
No.
That's too bad.
Well, I'm listening.
Okay, pal.
I'll buy.
I'll read the arch.
Here's Jupiter.
Hello.
How you doing?
Okay, sir.
Neil, I think your funny is hell.
And your parodies are great and the musicians and everything are great that you use.
Do you work with them to do that stuff?
I write all of it, yes.
You do?
Yeah.
Hey, man, it's cool.
I sing most of the elite vocals on them, yeah.
You do?
And I play the sitar.
Come on.
Yeah.
Are you serious?
No.
But then you know mentioned who they are, but that I know it's your show and everything.
But they are talented and...
Well, time is of the essence.
We don't have time to give them credit to them.
They're great and you're just funny as hell, man.
Okay.
What else can I tell you?
I'll see you on your reign as okay.
There's a call from Jupiter, baby.
Yeah.
That's what we're trying to do.
We're not trying to be informative like George.
I go on vacation five times a year so George can be here and be informative.
Now, I've known George for years now.
I never found him to be the least bit informative.
But that guy that called yesterday really cracked me up.
Oh, George was so informative last year.
Right.
I got some information for you.
Yeah.
Lean over and take a whiff, okay?
There's another one for you, sir.
Gris a little fart.
We're here to be entertaining.
Give me a few laughs.
Maybe get you whipped up and pissed off about a few things, Bellaman.
About some of the grotesque injustices of our times.
Like Mayor Pingha, for example.
But other than that, we're not going to change the world.
Are we?
No.
And it's God for shaking toilet of a place.
No.
And all these people that keep calling me lately saying,
oh, we just moved here from Ohio.
We just moved here from Colorado by way of Dublin, Ireland.
What are you people doing here?
Are you crazy?
You can nuts.
Man, oh man.
I'm not saying Ireland is so great, but at least it's
close to some places that are pretty damn good.
What does it come over here for?
Crazy people.
Coming to America in search of strip shopping centers
and glitzini on signs.
And a lot of people on death row.
Here's a mobile and sunrise.
Hello?
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi, how you doing?
Great.
Great to have you back from vacation.
Here I am.
My phone might crap out.
I'm going into a toll plaza here.
Oh.
Uh oh.
Can I have a receipt please?
How much was that toll?
75 cents.
I'm right by the National Car Rentals Center.
Oh, you're on the turnpile.
Are you on the 25th?
Sorry.
Right.
Hey, yeah.
What's George was great while you're on vacation?
He's made significant improvements.
He was very informative is what I was going to say.
No, I wouldn't say he was informative, but he was a great guy.
I hope he was not informative.
He was informative when we're going back to the tapes.
And I have to agree with the guy from Ireland that news here sucks.
Yeah.
I watch on the small dish.
The news might go.
Why do you think I'm stuck with Channel 4?
I can't stand Channel 4 news.
And yet the other ones are so much worse than I'm stuck with them.
And I hate them.
I can't stand them.
I watch the news from the West Coast on the small dish.
And they don't report anything about Cubans or anything like they do here.
And they're not hysterical about it.
I mean, like Elliot Rodriguez who's trying to make the news instead of reporting it.
And the women are so beautiful.
So that's bad all I got to say.
I would like to say that I'm not going to go to Ireland.
Okay, have a great day, sir.
Marilyn Mitchell, little cat eyes boy.
Is she disgusting or what?
Oh, God.
And let me ask you something.
My good friend there on Channel 6, which I never watched him.
Well, once in a while in the morning because my good coast buddies Bob Weaver and Bob Mayor are still there.
And what's her name?
Is she ever going to stop being pregnant?
She just gets fat.
God, I'm embarrassed.
I can't think of her really great.
Kelly Craig.
Well, I'm sorry.
Sorry, Kelly.
Is she pregnant again?
Maybe she's just permanently pregnant.
Or maybe she's just fat.
Oh, I'm sorry.
5, 6, 7, 05.
She can't be fat.
Can she?
Huh?
Let's find out.
Anybody out there know if Kelly Craig is fat or just prepping again?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
At least we know it wasn't Tony Siddreddo's baby anyway.
That's for the Amjure.
Oh, he just...
Oh, man.
You know something?
I would rather watch...
Joseph Gackie.
Then him.
And I'd rather die before I'd watch...
Joseph Gackie.
Any day of the week.
I'd rather croak before I saw him.
I'd rather listen to Jordan Knight.
For a month, not a stop.
Yeah, then see you at Tony Siddreddo.
I've got a way.
That's the way.
I'm the...
What is that?
You see it's been too long.
I guess this part of you is too...
Backly?
Yeah, I'm beyond.
I'm beyond.
So you don't notice how bad he sings.
Oh, I notice.
John.
That's gonna be...
We're gonna do a 500-part series.
What is wrong with the young women and the girls of America?
What is wrong with you people, huh?
Man, get some taste.
Get a brain.
Why doesn't he just have a big sign on him?
That says, I float like a butterfly.
And I can't sing for crap.
But other than that, here I am.
Take me, squeeze me, uh, pay me.
Remember that song?
Here's Miami Beach. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Oh, there you are.
Hey, listen, uh, you can drop me nuts.
Who is this Jordan Knight guy?
Is it a guy or girl?
He's a guy.
He used to be a new kid's in the block.
Are those disgusting little punks that were popular for about 10 minutes?
Okay, that's what I thought we were talking about.
And now all of a sudden him and one of the other ones,
whose name I can't remember with them,
are these two where they made a comeback.
And he...
And he's walking Mark.
Huh?
Don't say Marky Mark.
No.
Well, uh, anyways, uh, speaking about his Jordan Knight guy,
him, Brittany, and Ricky,
just go through approved the age old adage that you don't have to sing or do anything.
Just have good looks to get along and get away in this life or murder.
Rick and the money that they do is your way.
And don't leave out Jennifer Lopez.
Oh, hey, you know what?
Again, Jennifer, I vote to sell my Hayek, man.
Wow.
Okay.
And I...
I'll see if the Hayek, yes?
I had a TV accident last night.
I watched your opinion on this.
Uh, something to see and then,
I saw Jeffy Jackass,
uh, getting psychotic again.
This time, I don't know if you heard about this.
He's getting all psychotic because the TV executives aren't putting it up black.
And minorities in the late night have to...
Oh, yeah, they're all psychotic about that.
Like they got some kind of a quota.
You know what?
You know what I say?
We'll solve the problem.
We run to the Jefferson.
There you go.
Well, the only thing is him and the National Association of Coons,
it's in possums, I'll get my psychotic now,
because they can't get more blacks.
And my only thought is, you know, they've got the babbling and the internet work.
And the whites have a...
Uh, TNN, so why is there a big enough work dealt for?
Hey, man.
All right, bye.
Okay.
See you in Atlanta.
Cracker.
56670560, pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Boy, they're all whipped up about a bunch of crap.
Okay, just calm down, just relax.
Just relax.
We got a bunch of professionally militant people out there.
And they got to have issues, don't you understand?
And if there isn't a real issue, they got to fabricate one.
Like, how come we don't have a bunch of shards of programs?
And a bunch of Julio programs are new fall schedule.
And if anybody gives a crap.
Since most of us are watching the dish anyway,
we don't care.
And don't forget Tom Green, 10thirty night on MTV.
Please.
It's not just the one to two hour.
It's a phenomenon.
We're down in Jamaica in the care of the bean.
They got the best burp that you ever seen.
As anybody in that table of work, they tell you this country
where they're going to be.
A raster man has some he wants to sell.
And from a mile away, you can detect the smell of smoke.
Smoke, gun to smoke, smoke.
He light up this place and smoke.
Smoke, gun to smoke, smoke.
Smoke, gun to smoke, smoke.
The country will be good.
We'll be carrying lots of herb, empty gun, new sack.
Smoke it every day until your lungs turn black.
With all the money that we have made.
Jamaica doesn't need any foreign aid.
America's porous home here and say,
can nothing like this in the US, hey, they smoke.
Smoke, gun to smoke, smoke.
Oh, right.
They light up this place and smoke.
They begin to pop and choke.
Okay.
Smoke, gun to smoke, smoke.
They're gun to be good.
I'm a Alpha Sun you are a raster man.
You like to smoke the giant stick whenever you can.
Many people coming here for miles around.
So buy the earth for you, buy the ounce of nickname.
Raster man, say to her, mom are you right?
They can't you be good tonight and then they smoke.
Smoke, gun to smoke, smoke.
They light up this place and smoke.
Smoke, gun to smoke, smoke.
Smoke, gun to smoke, smoke.
They can't you be good.
Oh!
Come on!
103 at 560 WQM.
Well, I tend to, food was really good today from May days over at the North Terrier Airport.
They can be sick as hell, but it was very good.
What?
It's your fault.
You know I can't eat breaded.
Kill him.
And I said, please take this out of here.
And oh, no, no, let me leave it in there because you might want a little more.
Sorry, what was I thinking?
Oh, man, it's just killing me.
But it was great.
What a way to go, huh?
No wonder Jean Hart died from those tasty cakes.
Jean Hart's dead by the way.
Anybody know who that was?
No.
Anybody care about the fact that Panthers are playing two games on Monday afternoon and three o'clock.
I'm holidays, there aren't real holidays.
Any calls on that today?
No.
No.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Good meal.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
Great.
As far as your vacation, you're elaborated on Amsterdam and I've been there.
I'd like to very much also.
Yes.
Did you make it down to that place of a caller called one sub, I think, Bon Bon south of Colonital?
Bon Bon?
Something like that.
I've been called.
Your chocolates are great.
Bon, okay, it's Bon then.
It's what?
I just caught the end of it a few weeks ago.
He told you to go down there and I don't know if you made the trip that way.
No, it's just a couple of days ago I thought that guy said something but it wasn't Bon.
It was like Vogue's, I don't know.
Okay.
No.
How was it?
How was it?
Oh, you didn't get there.
How was it?
It was Colon.
Colon was great.
Colon was great.
And Milan was great and Amsterdam was spectacular.
Okay, and Neil and then I came back here.
As far as this country, where would you stick a pin on the map in this homogenized piece of crap
if you had to go there outside of Vegas and stay there for a substantial amount of time?
Anywhere?
Worth it?
No.
Maybe Boston.
Boston.
Yeah, Boston's pretty good.
Yeah, and as far as Maryland Mitchell's eyed job, I think it was done by Mr. Fuji.
Mr. Fuji, I think.
Okay, have a great time.
I think the guy's at Benny Han had something to do with it.
I went to the street from Channel 7 by the way.
I think the guys from Benny Han who were doing that new corneal transplant thing, they might have had something to do with it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Yeah, that stuff made me sicker and hell.
I feel like I have no energy like why I want to crawl into a corner because it's all carbohydrates, all that breading.
And I don't want to feed our fans to the field bad, you know.
That brought us that good stuff because there was very nice of them and it was very good.
The onions were good, but everything he brought was breaded.
Every single thing that was in there was breaded.
Even the containers were breaded.
That's what I ordered.
I just had to stick a bunch of crap in the fryer and bring it over.
Yeah, it was all fried.
I'm frying over here, man.
God, I don't think I'm going to make it until 2 o'clock.
I think I'm going to die right on the ear from the fried food.
I am killer.
How did you come up with that damn jalapeno pinga thing anyway?
Here's a mobile-in-fort lottery deal, hello.
I don't know.
Pretty good.
What do you think of the illegal card for the satellite dishes?
You think you can get busted with that or what?
Sir, I'm going to guarantee you.
If you go waste your money, you will be so sorry because the maximum you will last might be a week or two, maybe in the middle of the app.
And you'll pay, huh?
I got the regularly.
I've never had it for three years and I pay every month up to you.
But, you know, my brother gets it and he's got this little thing he's paying $150 for.
And he said he's getting everything free.
I don't know.
I don't want to change it from a long time ago.
How long has he had that?
He just got it.
He just got it.
We'll talk to him about a week and say sucker, sucker.
That's what I'm going to hold on to when I got it.
Hang on to it.
And I did like George's show quite a bit except for when he signed off the year on 610WIOD the other day.
That was pretty funny.
I don't know if you heard about that.
No, no.
That's a good day.
610WIOD.
Okay, have a great day.
610WIOD.
Why would we keep saying that over and over again?
Is this 610WIOD?
No.
Well, they sure bought you that place.
Didn't they?
They killed it.
They destroyed it.
They massacred it.
Nice go out, Pete Boulder.
Anybody hear anything about any of the station's keys on?
No.
Pete Boulder with his queer channel.
With their 55,000 stations they own.
Any of them any good?
No.
No.
Except for Zeta.
And you know the person that saves Zeta by the way from total oblivion?
You're looking at him right now.
That's right.
Oh, it's Johnny Grover himself.
That's right.
I saved them from total oblivion.
They would be playing Hungarian masercas if I wouldn't have gone on a morning there for
that one year.
And even the rest of the day they were doing squat after 10 a.m.
And we kept that thing going just long enough for them to get casted over on the morning
so we could repeat all my good old material.
And then they, you know, butchered she and they knocked that thing off of you and put that
planet on there which of course went over really big.
Nice going Rhonda Wolf, think whatever your name is this week.
Nice going to eat hard and Pete Boulder.
And of course don't forget your close best personal friend John Ford.
A talent monster, a creative genius.
You know John Ford?
He's an asshole.
And that's the best thing we can say about him.
A weasel.
You know he's over there on super talk radio, radio.
Oh they just send me man.
Let's get Walter Sabo seriously.
Here's a group for you.
Walter Sabo and that the Harry Pena sky, Harry Valentine and John Ford and Pete Boulder.
There you go.
How does that strike you huh?
Is that a quad actor or what?
One of those kind of 10 and Walter Sabo, I mentioned him that great consultant.
I had one in my mouth one.
Yeah but you did.
That's what we hear.
Consult this sweetheart.
I think that was just a story anyway.
Did I ever tell you the stories about him?
Oh.
Spread him and say cheese.
All right.
Yeah, I'm the one who wants to save a little back of the day.
I want to hop inside my company call.
I got the ticket.
The fact that he's sad of my hand.
I'm told I'm making you a radio star.
I'm told you save a baby.
I can do anything I want to do.
I'm your consultant woman.
And I'm gonna be consulting you.
I'll give it back to you.
I'm a rapture.
Yeah, formula.
So, I've got the formula.
I've got the power to hold into control.
I have a way to get your own show.
I've been stationed down in Hollywood.
And I don't care if you're all waiting for love.
That's as long as you can stroke people.
I'm on the same arm, baby.
And you'll do anything I want you to.
I'm your consultant woman.
That your lady's gonna have an entire new.
I'm gonna bone you.
I'm gonna bone you.
I'm gonna bone you.
I'm gonna bone you.
I'm gonna bone you.
And I'm gonna bone you.
That's why I'm looking so pink.
I'm just an ass.
Oh, woo, woo.
Wobble Sable, baby, never met a radio he understood.
Him and Harry penis Valentine.
Wasn't Harry the one who said that he taught Aaron summer's
holiday tools of the trade.
I had one in my mouth once.
14 after 1 at 560 WQAM. Here's Davey. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir. Hi, Neil.
I heard you mentioning Tony Segretto.
Right. And I met the call you...
Exactly. I met the call you a few weeks ago.
I'm not really a heavy duty dolphin fan, but I was a channel surfing.
And I came across a dolphin award ceremony,
like a Community Service Award ceremony that they had
in the signature grant. And Tony Segretto was the MC.
Well, I just happened to flip on when they were announcing Dan Moreno.
It was really awkward. Dan Moreno walked up,
and usually the MC will shake a hand or maybe hug the person or whatever.
Well, it was really awkward. Tony kissed him on the lips.
He kissed him on the teeth. Yeah.
And it was really awkward because Dan Moreno...
It looked like he was very surprised. It was like he wanted to hug him.
But he's snuck in a little kid.
Little tongue, yeah. Yeah. I thought he was a major suckle for that.
Yeah. Anyways, that's all I got.
Okay, thanks. Maybe that's why Jimmy likes having Tony
doing that TV show all the time, huh? He won't do it with anybody with Tony in the show, too.
By the way, the word is from the sports department that Dave Wants
that was really hard to be the dolphin parole coach for this season.
All right. Let's hear it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T.
And here we are boys and girls ladies and gentlemen, all these months later
and the sports holes on his station still don't have the Jimmy Johnson,
Dave Wants that Wayne Hyping is story right.
All these months later, they still haven't get it right.
Here's a mobile and Jupiter. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir.
I knew you were talking about the minorities and movies and things while I got...
Uh-huh.
What is up with Wildbought West and they got a black gem and plain...
Well, I'm just saying, you know, change West.
It'd be like if they were doing the Martin Luther King history of his wife...
Jack Nicholson.
Well, no, they're going to have Tom Cruise play the young Martin Luther King in...
Yeah.
And Robert Redford played the old Martin Luther King.
You know, what cast the black guy for someone has been white forever?
Beech Hill out of me.
Yeah, just amazing.
The good news is that movie was popular about five minutes and went right in the old crapper.
Where it belonged?
Well, they're still in the CD, so all the young black kids off of it because Will Smith has got his...
Grief on or whatever.
Yeah, and thank God that video by The Well fell through the bottom of the chart in about two weeks because it was eight freaking minutes long, man.
People talk about the old bells, and you know, if they get all those things they give away and stuff.
They do?
You know, the whistles, you breathe with like, tarz and you breathe, especially the straw.
Taco Bell is giving away Wild Wild West stuff.
How Taco Bell was.
Maybe it's McDonald's.
I don't think it's that strong that you suck through.
I mean, you suck through the straw.
It makes the tarz in you.
Yeah.
I mean, yeah, I think when you suck hard enough, tarz ends start screaming.
567-0560, 05-60, on the AT&T...
Squared Squared.
Wireless Line.
That's what James said.
Here's Miami, hello.
Is that on you?
Yes, sir.
This is Old J Simpson.
Uh-huh. Yeah, this is Old...
See, I thought he was going to say this is Old Cronik is what it was.
That would have been more accurate.
567-0560 is in Cronik Hullio, man.
Get a life.
Get a life.
Get a hobby.
Get an occupation.
Get a parakeet or a cocket to a man.
Here's a mobile in Miami, hello.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
Not a mobile.
Here's a not-un-a-mobile in Miami.
Listen, I wanted to thank you one more time.
I'm playing at home.
Oh, that's killing me.
I think I made your spark.
Yes.
I shouldn't mention food.
I went to Emerald Coast Monday night for the third time.
Uh-huh.
Unbelievable.
That is like the best Chinese restaurant in the whole...
And one thing about Emerald Coast when you walk out of there,
even if you pick out, you don't feel sick like I do right now.
Exactly.
I think, well, George might be trying to bump you off to...
He did pretty good.
Yeah.
He could wait a couple of years.
And you heard me a couple of suckles yesterday.
Oh, we want George back on here and heard that.
Now he's trying to feed me these Hala Pingapepa,
a pickled pepper, whatever these things are.
That's right.
I got a movie for you.
Yeah.
It's kind of a silly comedy, but the first five minutes are worth watching.
Okay.
It's called Basic It Ball.
And if you saw it or not, it's on an eye at about 1120.
It's on every week, on every...
About one to week on HBO or one of those pay channels.
Yeah.
But in the first five minutes,
it talks about how sports went downhill.
It's like a little bit in the future.
And it's talked about...
They were drafting convicts out of prison, for football and everything.
It just feels like a futuristic look at sports,
the way they were going.
It was...
It's pretty funny.
I guess it often, sir, right in them.
Have a great day.
I'll enjoy it later.
Okay.
5-6-7-0-5-60,
POM-5-60 on the AT&T.
Why will Slime?
We got 41 minutes to kill.
No.
Real nip and tight whether we're going to make it tiller.
But then again, we always got our buddy.
Yeah, Jordan, come on, baby.
I know what you mean.
Lay it right out there, Jordan.
Let's have a look at it.
I guess they'll put it away, please.
She holding it down in my pocket.
Go.
And the girls are out there buying this.
The little girls are buying that crap.
That one is wrong with your daughters out there.
You people.
I can understand Britney Spears, okay?
Maybe your daughters want to play in the WNVA someday.
And by the way, Hank, you can say bull-like.
All you want.
What's wrong with saying bull-like?
Huh?
If you're going to talk about professional women's sports,
how the hell can you talk about that without saying the D word?
The Hank was kind of beating around the bush on yesterday.
Dike.
That's the word you can say it.
I heard that a lot in Holland when I was over there.
A lot of dikes.
See, I used to think they were talking about something
he had to do with water.
When they said there were a lot of dikes in Holland.
And then when I heard that Ann Bishop had been over there once,
they kind of tried to plug up the old gap.
Here's Volka.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
You're about Jordan Knight and the right.
The crap that the kids listen to.
I remember in the 60s, at least we had good-looking kids who had pretty good music.
The lemon piper's the monkeys.
But boy, the crap that kids listen to.
The lemon piper's the monkey.
The green tamarind.
Well, you know something green tamarind compared to Jordan Knight.
Green tamarind was great.
Thank you.
And the strawberry along clock.
Right.
What they call bubble gum music, right?
Garbage.
Yeah, we took it.
We took it.
It's what's her name from the SLA.
Kathleen Solita.
We want her sympathy because she went on a limb and that's the big.
I fry her ass right now.
I don't give her crap what she did in the meantime.
I fry her ass.
She's a murdering bitch.
Oh, thank you for agreeing with me.
I say take her and put her in Patty Hearst Lap and put them both in the gutter.
There you go.
And have a great day.
And put that watch's name in there too.
That basket ball pair with her right here.
Watch his name.
I can see I have a mental block.
That idiot.
You aren't going to know who the hell it was.
He's the commentator now.
Whether with the orange here.
Who is real tight with Patty Hearst.
Oh, what the hell was his name?
Well, I can't believe that.
I really am slipping.
The Donna's slipping.
And you know what affects your mind when he fried foods.
My mind has been as clear as sharp as a goddamn muttable.
And then I eat all this fried food today which was delicious.
Make no mistake about it.
But it's killing me, man.
Bill Walton.
Bill Walton, thank you so much.
God bless you, whoever called.
I know he ain't kind to Jerome Walton.
I used to play outfield for the Cubs.
Used to smoke a lot of bad weed that Bill Walton.
That was his problem.
I mean, what a piece of crap he was.
I don't mind anybody smoking a lot of weed.
But he was just a piece of crap.
Can't stand him.
I'd rather listen to Jordan Knight for a hundred years than hear
Bill Walton never see him again.
He gives me the creeps, he gives me the heebie-jeebies when I see him.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hi.
How you doing, Neil?
Pretty good.
Listen, the reason I'm, well, first time caller, the DSS cards.
I've had one for over a year.
And it's-
Praise the calls, George.
Yeah.
And it's everything they've ever thrown at it.
It's been fine.
You just got to find one that's worth a while.
Because I mean, I have had mine for a year.
But you're on the year here advocating illegal stuff.
Well, you know, where'd you get it?
They make it so expensive.
It doesn't matter.
There's always, as long as amount of people feeling it or a lot less,
the amount of people paying for it, they don't care.
Right.
And George, who?
I can't believe that anyone.
George, who?
Okay.
All right.
See you on the inside.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T.
It's one of your people, a criminal.
See you on the signals there.
I don't mind paying for the signals there.
As long as I can get it.
But when they come along and say you can't get your CBS affiliate
and your Fox affiliate and you have to be forced to watch Channel 4 and 7,
then I start getting pissed off.
Especially when they keep taking up the whole goddamn afternoon
with a bunch of goddamn grease balls swimming around in a Caribbean.
I don't want to see that.
I want to see the guiding light, goddamn it.
I want to see Zach on whatever the hell that other show is,
as the worm turns before he gets real old and ugly.
Here's North Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I just wanted to give you a legal seafood update.
I think there's a couple in the Boston area one in Brookline at the Chestnut Hill Mall.
Yeah, but the one downtown and the...
Is it Coffley Plaza?
In what?
In the Bows at the Coffley Plaza?
No.
There's another one in one of the downtown hotels on Trumon Street.
Oh, okay.
Well, then there's another one there.
Yeah.
But nonetheless, I'm heading up at the end of August.
Yeah, but that doesn't do with any good here,
because the one here in the sawgrass that I called earlier
and said it was mediocre at best.
No, because it's bright and there's no ambiance.
It's not like up north and any of the nice...
I don't care about the ambiance.
All I care about is the food and he said it was mediocre.
Yeah, but it's very bright and it's like a quirkies where you sit right next to one another
and you can still the other guy's sourcrout and take care of it.
Oh, yeah.
Not for me.
Like a rascal house.
Exactly.
Which is now closed up.
The one in Sheridan Street is closed.
They're all closing.
Because people are eating healthier now.
So that's what they claimed.
But nonetheless, that's the one that I remember in downtown Boston
was at the Coppoli Plaza.
Okay.
Okay, well, thanks for sharing that with me.
I'll see you closing the door.
It's the place that I'm going to eat for you, but I got...
Okay, I'll see you at Quincy Market.
I'll see you at Spaniel Hall.
I know someone like to do a lot of sandwich or food.
It must have skinnished.
The skinnished.
Check, I know.
You feel just bleak.
Back here, we went to see.
You got to lay off the blow.
Kate Moss, that skinny chick, we want to know what's the deal?
The clothes and drab when you're in rehab.
You're worse than Ali McBear.
130 at 560 WQAM.
Let's zip right along.
Get in two or three hundred calls here in the last half hour.
So far, Ricky Martin is the winning the thing
with Asfor as having the best dance.
The big... oh, it was the biggest dance.
Here's a mobile in Palm Beach.
Hello.
Mobile in Palm Beach.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Am I on with you?
Sounds just like you.
Oh, okay.
Listen, I just tuned in to you.
I've been down here about a year and I'm glad to find you.
Because I'm tired of listening to all that crap on the, you know,
counting stocks selling long term care insurance.
Yeah, what about your crap?
Oh, God.
But I'm really glad to find you and you got a new listener.
I'm right.
Thanks a lot, pal.
This is part of the problem when you have a bunch of people you work for who don't promote.
This guy could have been listening the last year and a half.
He's desperate.
He's looking for an alternative that boring swill, okay?
He wants a entertainment.
He wants an amusement.
He wants a little bit of abuse.
He wants something.
And this guy, damn radio station, they don't promote anybody or anything.
And all the money that they're going to spend to file his stupid ass lawsuit,
which I guess they already did again,
a non-existent radio station at 2400 on the A&Bile,
which nobody can pick up.
And put that ugly crap away, please.
I can't stand it.
I don't want to see pictures of naked ugly guys, okay?
I don't want to see pictures of ugly guys even with clothes on, George.
Stop selling us that crap, you idiots.
But anyway, getting back to this stupid lawsuit, they're filing against WAFN.
And then again, because Gregory is so paranoid, because he knows he knows nothing.
So just see, ordinarily, you're welcome a little bit of competition.
You're welcome it, because it gets you on your toes and makes you better.
But when you're terrified and scared crapless,
because you don't know your ass from somebody else's elbow,
then you're peeing in your pants like Greg Reed.
But my point is they could take the money they're going to waste with our stupid Jewel lawyers,
and instead of giving the money to them, which I'm sure they don't need it,
they could be giving that money out to promoted people on this radio station,
like neo-rodgers.
And Hank, what's his name?
I don't even know his name anymore because of the fact there's no promotion.
I always say, Hank's coming up next to I know his last name anymore.
No, because I forgot already, because they don't promote it.
The morning, we got beefo, we got beefo and gildi in the little talk.
Is that a bunch of names?
No.
How about putting some names to those fat faces, especially that one fat push?
You know what I'm talking about, beefo?
How you doing, Betty?
But no, there's no promotion for any of us.
So guys like this guy up there in Palm Beach, he could have been listed all along.
But nobody knows that I, neo-rodgers, shows on his station.
Nobody knows this station exists, except the stupid jocks nippers out there.
We're calling in about some goddamn drug addict linebacker from the Minnesota Vikings
that nobody gives a flying crap about.
That's this radio station for you, man.
Just like when you get to the airport, there's that big sign.
You know what it says?
Terminal.
Here's a mobile in the keys.
Hello?
Hey, Neil, how are you doing, buddy?
Pretty good, sir.
I may have missed some of the conversation.
That's a little change of subject, but I know you're a big fan of the Godfather and that kind of movie.
Yeah.
Did you watch the HBO series, The Sopreanos?
No.
No, I got it on tape.
Volka Brown gave it to me about three months ago.
Have a luxury yet.
Okay, well.
It's getting just boring enough right now in the dog days of the summer.
I think it's a good time to crack it out.
Probably is, but I think you've been a Godfather fan and good fellows and all that kind of stuff.
You will, I think you'll enjoy it.
Just wanted to know.
It'd be interesting to hear your comments after you do watch it.
Okay, I got them.
I got the whole series.
Okay, pal.
Thanks.
Keep up the good work.
Keep telling like it is.
All right.
Thank you.
560-705-60.
Yeah!
Count 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in four-loader deal.
Hello?
Hey, Neil, I was wondering.
Doesn't that waver for the network supply to us because of the the crappy signal we have on Channel 4 and 6 down here?
No.
Didn't even try to do that.
No.
Doesn't go.
Because I'm still getting my networks and I just assume that they knew it was a bad area, so they left it on for it.
Well, what do you mean it's a bad area?
I get 4 and 6 perfect, honey.
I mean, like I say, I can barely get them now that you mentioned it.
On your television antenna?
Bearly get them at all.
Exactly.
Tell them that the signal just blows and that they'll give you the network to you.
All right.
Excellent.
I'm calling the system as I get home.
Yeah, you got a lie.
See, they force people to lie.
They force people to steal a programming because they don't want to give you a fair break.
What kind of logic is there that if I want to watch CBS, I have to watch Channel 4 and this crap they got on here.
What about if I want to watch Channel 4? They're on the satellite.
WSE they got up there.
Whatever the hell that is, I don't know where it is.
Does McCain difference?
Used to be W.R.A.L. and Rollic.
Wherever they are, I should be able to watch anything I want.
It's freaking America.
But no, the government comes in and says, oh no, you're right.
You have the network rights in that certain area.
And if they can pick up your channel, they have to be forced.
That would be like saying, if you got a radio and you live within 50 miles from Miami, you got to listen to QAM.
And you know what we say about that?
Definitely, baby.
Don't be listening to those distant signals because they're all probably going...
I'm in some other language anyway.
No speak at English.
Five, well I'm telling you, that stuff made me so ill I cannot begin to tell you.
I couldn't put into words.
I feel just like the person I won't say his name on here that had that minor stroke.
I do, I feel like a death world over.
I'm fasting by the way from now until 230.
What was that?
You hear that?
I think we're going to meet our maker.
5, 6, 7, hope, act 60 and pop 5, 60, if you people only know, you know,
so many people have said to me including Bob Green used to say, you know, my good post-personal friend Bob Green,
they used to take to the swingers club all the time.
He always used to say, you ought to write a book, you know.
And he's right.
I should write a freaking book.
Even people around the country that never heard of me, they would just, they would blow their mind.
The stuff that I could pass on.
You can't even begin to imagine.
Just like that, that amazing meeting with Ray Perry this morning, which by the way I was supposed to have a brand new piece of copy for,
I don't want to say what account before the end of the show today.
In fact, a couple hours after he came in, which he did come right back up.
Nice go on, Ray. Did it work?
No.
No.
Same old piece of crap.
And that's because that John penis and wait till I get a hold of John penis about that recorded spot,
which I don't want to mention, which one that one that he stuck here in a show,
which I have no control over, but I'm embarrassed as hell about it.
Then he tried to twist my arm to get me to try to pierce my arm to get me to do that thing live.
And I said, no way, because I'm not into fessant.
And so instead of that, they stick a recorded spot just like he's got then gun show spots.
We're talking crazy people. We're talking grave robbers.
We're talking people, they don't give a crap how reputable it is.
Just give them the goddamn money. That's all.
That's the beastlies.
Like you said this morning, they made their money in pork futures or pork bellies or something like that or jelly bellies.
Do they make any money in radio?
No.
I wouldn't know what goddamn radio if you stuck it in there.
Correct.
That's the beastlies for you.
A bunch of cheap crazy old bastard, deritor, $200, Brooks Brothers, sooth.
Who the hell are they kidding?
Man, the day the day that Bruce Beasley was standing there in the door of Ember and there are several people in the hallway who are throwing quarters.
They confused him for a homeless guy.
Okay, Hannah Stein will work for food.
Piece of crap.
$5670, $560, he is.
He's the piece of crap is what he is.
That about as much class as a barneyard rat.
$23B4, $250, $560.
Want to make it know it worked out about it?
That fried food is what diamond.
Fried food pulled me over the edge.
Don't hold me to anything I said this last few minutes, it's the fried food.
Do you believe it, huh?
No. I mean it all.
Especially where he comes to that John penis and that sales department.
Good god almighty.
Man, he talk about a repugnant penis.
Hey, bandage I fucked him.
I don't know why!
My ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my
ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my
ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my
ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my
ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my
ain it's my ain it's my ain it's my ain it's my ain it's my ain it's my ain it's my ain it's
Want to copy me and do exactly like I do?
Get paid for writing little songs about Woo Woo Woo, my brains are gone.
I tried to get my groove on, but I can't fit real.
Which spice girl I'm going to fond on?
It DOCTardsier prose!
Yo, Mad damneder detective!
Hey, I'm not What do I smell-ass?
Tell your locouette.
Well, since age 12 it seemed like I'll always smell like
Fox centaire- Ezся Newton was pretty swell.
I got teethed up when I took my teeth off and it thought it was so hard you tear my
And every night I'm like, oh, dinner's bad.
Then put out my ass, fast and I'm fat, bitch, you ain't too fat.
Smell this honey.
Yo, just waitin' man, that's not girl, huh?
I don't give a fuck.
God sent me to take some world up.
My ain't it.
My ain't it.
My ain't it.
Hell stop.
My ain't it.
My ain't it.
My ain't it.
Hell stop.
My ain't just seein' to wanna meet kicked out back in junior high.
Said the problem was, something cold up my ass and die.
I shot him in the face with my vapor.
The worst happened later when I covered his desk with used toilet paper.
Walked in the strip club, my testers were filled up.
Moons of bar tannins took a dump at a tip club.
Went over to a dancer, had a fuck in her garden.
She lifted a leg up and I knew she was a father.
99% of my life I was lied to.
I just found out my mom got all gas and I do.
I told her I broke up to be a famous rapper.
They regretted about strange noises.
Made all my crap.
You know you was dirt when a river rush to leave.
You'd drive the whole back, but you must need it to relieve us.
The sky or white sky at some set, it was pretty cool.
But I had to go, go drop the kids off and move.
My ain't it.
My ain't it.
My ain't it.
Hell stop.
My ain't it.
My ain't it.
Hell stop.
My ain't it.
My ain't it.
I'm going to say it.
145-550-WDK.
I'm almost forgot to ask what I mean to apologize.
He always read reviews about his fellow young on vacation.
But it might be apologize for the same thing where he was sucked into having an interview in here,
which we don't do interviews.
We don't have guests on this show.
And he was sucked in if I can use that expression of getting the naked voice singing people on.
Who are performing their naked singing, whatever you call it.
They're performing their plaything at the drama setter in the deer field.
And Brian and sales and Linda Doyle, which I always used to like Linda Doyle back when we worked with her even after that.
Up until, oh that was great.
God.
Now I feel bad.
I don't know if it shows almost over.
Now I got all that.
It's all a jazz from the onion rings, man.
God.
Now I feel good enough to do a show where I'm almost done.
But anyway, George wanted to apologize because we don't do guests on this show.
When I told Brian that yesterday at the end of our show and he wanted to hear what the dumb look on his face,
he says, oh you heard all the David.
I said, Ted David wasn't a guest.
He's a phenomenon.
He calls in.
He's on CNBC.
He's a financial wizard.
We love everybody on there.
He listens to the show.
He's not a guest.
God.
Because George is in birth and humiliated for getting sucked into putting guests on for some ponderous thing like that.
Now what did Linda Doyle have to do with this?
She's the agency.
Well like I said, I used to like her.
It was for her.
I did it for her.
Why?
She don't work here anymore.
You got to do with us.
She made you an offer I couldn't refuse.
She left the room.
As soon as I started here, she left.
She hauled assing that out of here.
The week that I started.
She left.
She talked nice to me.
She's too old for you.
Yes?
Yes.
Oh.
How come you had a whisper word for it?
She's too old for you.
I forgot the door.
Yeah, right.
Here's for a lottery deal.
Hello.
Hello Neil.
Yes, sir.
I just want to tell you that me and my brother, we listen to you show every day and you crack us up and you're doing a great job.
By the way, are you planning a written book?
Yes.
You are?
Yep.
When will it be out?
It's going to be called my Inus.
Is it really?
Yeah.
Oh, man.
I'll be the first person to buy that one.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
And my brother wants to book the man.
So I'll get a discount.
All right.
And by the way, don't forget to watch Tom Green tonight.
I'll be watching.
That's right.
And on the ending note, me and my brother, we're young.
We're hung and we're twins.
All right.
That says it all.
Okay.
Go do it.
Those identical twins, maybe they're doing it.
They're doing it in the morning.
They're doing it in the midday and they're doing it at the Alamanyana.
Whatever the hell that means.
I know what it means.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
0, 5, 60.
On the AT&T wireless line.
Identical twins.
That's what I'm writing the book about.
I'm doing a study about identical twins in their sex habits with each other.
I'm starting with those two from that calendar I got back on the wall there.
Oh.
The singing boys that were in here, by the way, they liked all the decor that you put up on the wall.
Especially that calendar.
Yeah, but they did.
I got the new one, by the way, at home, which is why I can afford to leave this one here.
They were asking me if I was responsible for all the um...
No.
...on the outside.
No, no.
It's the Stephen Underhill calendar for all my fake, a fake of a little friends out there.
The identical twins, whose names are Bruce and I forget the other one, but how can you forget Bruce?
But I'll tell you one thing, boy.
When you die and go to heaven, they'll be there.
These two will be there waiting for you in their BVDs.
Or they have their Kelvin clients.
God.
Here's West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Neil, how are you today?
Great.
Never been better.
So now that I got that grip set on my system.
So many things happen when you're on hold.
It's tough to get to one subject to start with.
I know.
First thing.
I wonder if everyone in the car starts along with that sound, is it fine?
I can't help but do.
Exactly.
I would like to get somebody to record my people.
Maybe I'll get something going with a different mix.
One question.
Do you like to be in heart?
Yeah, they're okay.
What do you think of them comparison 70s groups, 80s groups?
Where do they fit in top 20?
No.
Nope.
In the middle somewhere.
Top 40.
Top 40.
That's all straight away.
It might be between 20 and 40, you know what I mean?
Okay.
All right.
Thanks, Neil.
Okay, I'll see you.
I mean, they're no.
What?
What do you want to do?
Are you going to start again?
Or you are brutal.
You are.
My final.
I'll tell you something right now.
I have yet to encounter anybody who has a problem with this.
Who doesn't like that record?
I like it.
Including you, including me.
Who hates the Backstreet Boys, but likes that song.
I wonder who's that?
This is what I like about you.
See, yeah, young guy from Sweden.
When I say...
Wait, there's stuff.
I want it that way.
There's that of me.
I do work apart.
Can't reach to your heart.
I mean, Joey, what's the name?
I bought it.
That's the other one of the new kids on a blog, Joey.
It's Jordan Knight is one of them who makes me puke.
And then Joey, who's even uglier and can sing worse than Jordan Knight.
I'd rather listen to Larry Knight.
Anybody remember Larry Knight?
No.
No, of course not.
I used to work for GBS, doing news.
I used to work with me in Kalamazoo 100 years ago.
I wonder what happened to Larry Knight, aka Larry, whatever his real name was.
Whatever his real Jewish name was.
