Sports Radio 560W QAM Miami 4 Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
I got it.
I thought the Neil called 560W 560 toll free, redeemed and rarered, or pound 560 on your
stealth hold.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers, or anyone else on the show do not necessarily
reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions or the Beasley Broadcast Group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560W QAM drops the motion on its skin or else it gets
the hose again.
All right.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560W QAM Miami 4 Lauderdale presents the
E-C-E-L-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E-S-E
I'm not sicker than hell, but one more day would have been good just another few more Ben and Drill and like stayin' out of the covers all day. They would have been real good, but I don't want to do that because I like showing up just out of spite, you know what? Seriously, over or year in one week, you haven't missed, well, yeah, you missed the one day to go down and report to your illegal immigration thing there, and I missed one day sick. That's pretty damn good. Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh!
T-C tribal がおっ!!
hell is the
no
we got bill parcell's press conference on
and i'm swearing at the radio in the car ticket
you know first of all
when did this thing start with sports
every jock every game
every game because we got a yes p and we have all these other media people that
they have to satisfy
so now every game the coaches got to come on some of the illiterate jock
so got to come on there have to be press conferences after the game
used to be i hate to break the news to you virginia once upon a time the
there was a sports press conference is if there was like a major trade in a
big name player got traded or coach manager got fired or something
something that was like a major event not now every single game there has
to be a god damn press conference and of course we'll put it on the year here
and my favorite part is like when you can't hear anything
and a guy away in the back row say
if they held a gun to your head you couldn't tell anybody what the hell they were
talking about
so maybe we can find some press conferences
conferences to stick on here to them huh how about it
by the way i found myself a new vet and i'm not going to tell you who it is
it's got sports is veterinarian by the way in plantation i think they're great
i think but i'm not going to go on here yet and tell you because every time you
get a new doctor every time you get a new veterinarian the first time you go
every time even the first time i went to the Israeli
pill doctor i thought oh what a great doctor
until he kept saying oh oh every time i had a you know a cold or a hang nail
and he turned out to be a real piece of crap
how about those dolphins huh they stuck i told you root for your team baby hope
like calon and then i watch them go out there they stuck and miss the plane
and i'll show up if you want to think about the other games this weekend they were
all competitive even Phoenix yesterday enormous
underdogs against the powerful Minnesota Vikings even the cardinals put up a
little bit of a battle yesterday made a day respectable final score
did the dolphin do that no no they did not
miss the plane didn't show up wow it's where it goes i'll let the other 20 hours of
the deal with that stuff
favorite story of the weekend of course father charged in death
i guess you have to be delicate the way you approach this story don't you have to be
huh for fear again of being called something
waterhill man says baby cried too much
well she won't be crying anymore i'll tell you that
huh at least if you're gonna do something to solve a problem
make sure it works and it worked like a charm
in her eight months of life zero woodstocks ultimate sin in the eyes of her father
was crying too much when she wouldn't stop
wailing on friday her father theater bramwell you notice how he has a last
different name than she does there's an awful lot of that in america going
around now you know children who have last different names
than their parents anyway when she wouldn't stop
wailing theater bramwell struck her so hard with his hand that her head hit
the rails of her crib that didn't stop that he's either he later told police
he now faces a murder charge
crs four-year-old sister tried to intervene and protect the baby from bramwell a
construction worker he cuffed the girl hard leaving a bruise on her face police
said then as an enraged bramwell 26 carry his crying infant to the
kitchen he slammed her tiny head into the wall
the blow that finally silenced the child police said
shot her up for good around seven p.m. friday bramwell called the children's
mother wendy would stock 24-letter job she met them in the parking lot of
markum telemarketing on West Oakland Park full of our a few minutes later
from there would stock out in the car and gave cr a mouth-to-mouth resuscitation
while bramwell drove to plantation general medical center
once at the hospital bramwell abandoned cr and her mother
cr was later transferred to bramwell general medical center and for a lot of
day or she died about four a.m. Saturday she died from one trauma
according to the bramwell medical examiner's office about nine p.m. Saturday
bramwell turned himself into the bso by yesterday morning bramwell was in
the bramwell county jail charged with murder and aggravated child abuse he
has no prior arrest record nor have there been any abuse investigations
involving him bramwell sheriff's office who said the sheriff's office handles
all homicide investigations for laudahill police
though bramwell lives with woodstock it has three children with her
they are not married bramwell is married to but estranged from
de rena elisha bramwell of laudahill can I read that last paragraph again
though bramwell lives with woodstock it has three children with her
they are not married bramwell is married to but estranged from
Dorena Alicia Bramwell of Lauderdale.
Ooooooooh!
Okay.
What did I tell you?
Forced sterilization, baby, that's the only hope for the human race.
Forced sterilization.
And maybe somebody in the audience this morning, George, can make us smart, okay?
We got that great story on the B.O. Lady of the Ebb, vocal library.
All kinds of good crap going on.
But what the hell is rent?
I asked George that this morning because I thought to me, well, I'm an old fart.
I'm way out of touch with this gentleman today.
Thank God.
I'm not touching it.
Crowd's rush for low rent tickets.
And I looked at George and he looked at me like, huh?
Like what?
I guess I'm an old fart, too.
And I said, the play, the play, the play, baby, the play.
His no name is who takes the play.
We'll do anything for rent tickets.
Here's a big article in there.
I mean, a gigantic article with pictures.
Here's this one girl.
She's crying.
She's hysterical.
Star Hernandez, 18 of Western.
She's in tears because they sold off the front row tickets right before her turn in line.
She got shined in line waiting to see rent.
What is that?
I mean, I know it's a, we know it's a play.
But what's the big attraction?
It says it's big.
It's with a team.
It's like a cult thing with teenagers kind of like this generation's rocky, who are pictures show?
Does anybody in the audience know what it's all about?
No.
What it's, huh?
No.
Come on, let's go.
Let's get with it.
Let's for once in your life do something productive, okay?
And show that we got a crowd out there that knows something besides, you know, freebies.
Then of course those panthers last night.
Oh, yeah, we got assholes sucklings on there.
I don't want to mention Geldy again.
Oh boy, they went all with three on the road trip.
They went undefeated.
I'm going to tell you something.
If anybody in their life has ever seen a more boring sporting event in that game last night,
I mean, I didn't even need my, uh,
Benadryl, the pull me into a coma.
That was one of the most puke inducing coma.
Yes, it's nice to get the win in the two points, which they desperately need.
And it's amazing to me that a team, this mediocre that's playing this poorly, by the way,
has got 38 points.
I don't understand how, but anybody who could endure through that entire event last night,
I congratulate you right now.
It has either, it must have been a miracle or you have no life whatsoever.
And speaking about a great hockey town.
This is Maddoors, fall to the sea.
We'll have sported one of the Miami Arena attendance last night, 1,000 and five.
See any understanding why I didn't want to be the spokesman for the Miami Maddoors,
because I told him, hey, guess what, sweetheart?
It ain't good to fly.
This is Miami.
You're dreaming.
One moment, please.
Where do you find a Goldberg?
White where you got it?
Hey, the fourth radio, 560 Q.A.L.
Say what he has a pair.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It mixes it all up.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It gets the lotion in both the yellow.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
When the eyeball falls out, it puts the lotion in the basket.
Then it has to lose it out.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It's what I up to carry.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
To rub it on my brows, it puts the lotion in the basket.
I have to dry cleat my skin too, sweetheart.
I like the lotion in the basket.
I said, dog, huh?
As which might be me in my legs I said, dog, huh?
I like to dance around this way.
Mommy.
Oh, the loves quiet, today I said,
mommy, I want to look for like a wall for you.
My name is Pablo Bill.
It's much the lotion in the basket.
It makes it for my skin.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I hold my PPE and it works the lotion in the basket.
How much does it grow?
It works the lotion in the basket.
I got my skin soon, nipple necklace.
So yesterday morning before the 7th of the football hall came on air and was all over the screen.
Some channels serving to find something that might be interesting besides watching all
these senators.
There's four jurors, of course, in this impeachment trial in the senate, but nevertheless
on an air every talking head show.
Here's these six senators and here's another six over there and just talking up a storm,
even though really you think that they have to be keeping their mouth shut.
But anyway, I come across an info commercial.
I think it was on channel 7-4, laser surgery.
I would use to be called R.K.
What do they call it now?
L something.
I think there are two different things.
Well, whatever it is.
And who was on there as one of the guinea pigs, Mindy Lang from Magical 102.7?
And they showed the entire thing about how, you know, when she went in there and was a
little on the terrified side, which I think most people, if you have any kind of a brain,
when they start doing, you know, when you go to the doctor, I have no problems.
Doctor, I've had plenty of blood taken out, shots you name it, doesn't bother me at all.
But when they start prosecuting around with your eyes, you're afraid to go, oops, because
they don't have too many chances, you know?
So anyway, they showed the whole thing and she went in there and had the thing done.
And like after, you know, and of course, what am I going to say about it?
I'm just one of those people, it's very skeptical.
I would like to take these glasses and throw them on the ground and stop on them because
they've been working glasses since I was like 13 years old, which is like way too long.
And she said it was a piece of cake and it was like painless.
In fact, they showed her whole procedure.
They showed the whole thing.
And then she was sitting up at like 10 minutes later, hey, I can see fine.
And then the next morning, she could see great.
And she can see clearly now.
She was dealing with Johnny Nash.
She was singing it on Magic 1.2.7, which is why they had no audience.
But nevertheless, our own Joe Castella.
Joe done it and our own, what's his name?
Joe Rosoli's, every time he comes in here, bringing me free stuff.
He's always hyping me.
Oh, you got to get that done because he's got somebody in the family, not locally, somewhere
in Maryland, I think.
That does that.
If you got to get it done, it works great and you can throw away your glasses.
Just maybe, maybe we'll have some people in the audience today because I don't want to
pressure them because I know I ask an awful lot of tough questions here.
And do we usually get a response on them?
No.
No, but just maybe somebody out there might know something about that.
And also whether it lasts, because I've had people say they've had that done.
And then like, you know, a few years later, three, four years down the road, you have to
do it again.
Have you heard that from our own Joe Castella?
Or really?
Did you have it done a second time?
No.
No?
So then what do you talk to him about?
I haven't had it done so.
I could if I wanted to.
Oh, I thought you said you did.
You haven't done, had it done period?
I had it done.
Yeah.
And my vision isn't like 2020.
It's like, what is it?
2025.
Well, so what do you come, Jesus?
What a nitpicker, man.
Well, no, they offered to do it.
Look, when I first came to work here, you couldn't see from here to your irainess.
You couldn't see a damn thing.
Did you have all kind of vision problems?
Yeah.
Yeah, and you had it done.
And now you can see 2025 is pretty damn near perfect.
Yeah.
But the point is that they would do it for free again, even if I wanted it even better.
Do you have something, too?
Do you have the crud?
The crud.
Yeah, it doesn't need sound like he's got the crud.
He sounds like he's got the crud.
I had the crud.
It's like going away now.
Joe Costello's had it, too.
And I got it.
And everybody in the world has got it.
And I'm taking my dog to the vet in here, because he's got the pancreatitis.
It's interesting.
The vet that I used to go to, which I don't want to mention to any of them on the
ear, because I can't stand them like poison.
But at any rate, you know, I took him there last Monday, as I reported here on the
ear when he was doing his blood, he was all over the place.
And they don't really take any.
They look at him.
You know, like, well, here you go.
And I left him there all day, and he still didn't do it with him, thing.
So Saturday, I had more problems, no blood, but a little more problem.
And he was out of sorts.
And I went to Scott's Wortses vet, and they took all kinds of blood tests.
And they did this, and they did that about a week.
And he had pancreatitis, which means that it inflamed and irritated pancreas for a little
piece of crap.
And now he's just fine.
They give me different kind of dog food, and they give me some pills and a 240 dollar bill.
And I said, hey, you think he's worth 300 bucks?
No.
Here's a mobile in Pompo-no.
Hello.
Mobile in Pompo-no.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil, how you doing?
OK.
I couldn't agree with you more on the boring ass panthers that we have to watch every week.
That game last night, I mean, I can't imagine anybody stayed up.
It was over by nine, but I was already almost in a coma.
Yeah, I joined the club.
I just wanted to know when is Brian Murray or a Will Breiner pulled a trigger to get...
You have a great day.
We have an open line that's brought to an end date.
A call of sports shows.
They're the...
I'm not doing a hockey show.
Don't you understand?
I'm not doing a goddamn hockey show.
Friday, I was talking here about stuff having to do with a fan down here, the people down
here, and they're trying to turn into a hockey show.
When I did want to try to do hockey shows that other times, and I couldn't buy a call
for a million dollars.
Now, this guy wants to hockey me trying to come up Brian Murray, OK?
You're stuck with him.
You're stuck with him with his brother, the evil twin.
You're stuck with mediocrity is what you got, OK?
So just to get used to it and learn to sing all those songs, that, that, that, that, that,
learn all those good songs, OK?
And learn when to shout, learn how to dance what he put you on the screen up there and
have a good time.
Two open lines in date.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
What is with these people, OK?
I'm going to say it again.
The sports nerds, God, I hope God puts a hex on the sports nerds with their boring press
conferences and their goddamn odds on every sporting event that's ever been invented
and the stupid Mike Tyson fight that they're going to be paying 50 bucks again to watch.
When will it ever stop?
No.
Jesus Christ, how many years does he have to bite?
How many women does he have to rape?
How much does he have to act like an asshole before America's virulent men out there stop
wasting 45 and 50 and 60 and 100 bucks to watch some big illiterate jackass kick the crap
out of some other illiterate, less talented jackass.
Will it ever stop?
No.
That's why there's an endless supply of these idiotic calls on this radio station 20 hours
of the endless supply.
Never stops.
Hey, what are your thoughts on what did you give me your take on that the isprimming Michigan
Ipsilanti game on Saturday?
Give me your what's your take on that game?
You think they're going to cover the spread cover this, OK?
People who listen to sports press conferences need mental help.
I'm going to tell you that right now.
Here's a lady mobile in Miami.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, ma'am rent is a play about the hemi and life and Greenwich village.
It's on Broadway right now.
Yeah, I saw it.
And obviously it's excellent, but it is a cult following what a what a teenagers that
ain't know about Bohemian life and the grandage village.
Well, it's about you know love affairs and aids and good songs.
And I don't know it's about sex.
It's about everything.
About sex.
Well, like I said, no wonder all the teenagers are allowed to see it.
Why should they be lined up to see it when they're all doing it?
Exactly.
I don't know, but if you go to New York, they'll scream every time each one of the characters
comes on and they know every single word to every song.
So it is like Rocky, who will picture show?
Yeah, it is.
It's great.
Okay, thanks for the bad news.
Thanks.
They were lined up 50 million deep, baby.
And they were in tears if they didn't get their front row seat and they were hysterical
over rent.
They're renting it.
If you can't get it rented, that's what I always said.
We have an open line is Broward to and Dave five six seven oh five 60 and pound five
60 on the mobile one line.
Cutler, red, shallow.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
First of all, I have a comment and second of all, I would like to make a question.
The first one, the comment is, I think there's something that a lot of us have overlooked
and of course taking advantage.
That's our punter.
I think he has to be released.
Sir, let me ask you a question.
Yes.
Why are you talking to me about this?
Well, do I do a sports show?
Do I give a crap about your punter?
Do I care?
Okay.
And the question is, where can we acquire the Russian rock?
Okay.
We have an open line in Broward and two and Dave five six seven oh five 60.
Why don't you acquire a rocket in your.
Correct.
In fact, it sounds to me like you already beat us to the pump.
This guy's got a rocket in his.
Correct.
All right.
Nice going, sir.
Have a safe ride.
Five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
I'm not going to be.
I'm not going to be able to.
No, I'll be tough to beat him for the stick.
No sports deal.
Please, but you're right about one thing, man.
All the coaches and all the pre games.
Does it?
It's monotonous.
Oh my god.
Everybody in their brother, we have to have every.
They have pinocult tournaments.
They have a press conference afterwards and they have to talk about how they did this
in the Tidley Winx match.
They did that.
I'm telling you, man.
And all it is is just to fill up a lot of dead time.
It is.
And it covered every angle you like enough enough.
Please just put the game out on the mighty.
You were asking something about RK.
Yeah.
Okay.
I had it done back in 90.
And this was not the laser was with the with the blade.
But this thing wasn't on RK.
That was when he sliced your eyes.
That's what I have.
And my vision now on the left is 20, 25 and then the right is 20, 30, 10 years after the fact.
Well, pretty damn good.
It is pretty good.
I had it down to 2015.
Unfortunately, it did regress.
But those were the best times of my life going from Coke bottles.
I mean, absolutely picture perfect.
Yeah.
Was the best time of my life for those.
On the glasses like Coke bottles to be able to read the fine print at the bottom of the Coke bottle.
Anything past six inches from I know that was boring.
Yeah.
It was absolutely.
I have that problem.
Anything over six inches gets a little.
But let me tell you it was like a new lease on life right after the surgery and my high that healed.
Yeah, but that RK is where they do the little slice job.
Right.
But you got to stand with it with a laser surgery.
It's the same thing.
Except they they basically zap the pattern on your eye.
All it does is flatten your corny out.
Yeah.
But look at me.
It's the same thing, but they don't use a scalpel.
It's the same procedure, but only with a laser.
Yeah.
In other words, the putty, the radial incisions with a laser instead of a scalpel.
So in other words, even with a laser that could go, oops.
Well, nothing's 100% always going to give you that little disclaimer.
You got to sign in case the guy's.
See, that's the thing I just.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
You know better than doctors that doctors and guarantees they don't go in the same word.
Yeah.
And the same thing.
Like my gallbladder surgery is supposed to be a piece of cake four days later.
I thought I was going into the ground.
Okay.
Well, congratulations, that one more thing.
I was a little bit too young and I was getting received in the hairline.
Yeah.
And I was thinking about getting the actually I did way back when get to get a good
a two pay.
Yeah.
One of those systems that they call it.
The good thing is the bad thing is it does look good.
However, when a girl wants to put her hands through your hair, you got to stop them.
You don't want to say, hey, I'm a young god, but I'm more into two pay.
Well, tell her to stick to the pew to carry on.
Okay, okay.
Okay.
Okay, Dave County's wide open here this morning, five six seven, oh five, 60,
pound five, 60.
Seriously, we're going to call up Mickey Dane, have her put a curse on the sports nerds.
I'm going to call up.
We're going to get there.
I forget about her.
We'll get your well-gryphoned down here for pound 96, put a psychic curse, some kind of
a hex on the sports nerds.
These one-dimensional people with no lives.
If I hear one more goddamn stupid ass press conference on his radio station, I'm going
to smash the smithereens out of my radio.
I'm going to take a goddamn medax and just beat the crap out of the radio.
I can't stand it.
Press conferences by illiterate jackasses for illiterate jackasses with no lives.
God.
26 after 10 at 5, 60, WQN.
10 30 at 5, 50, WQN.
Here's the fact that this rent is just another corn ball Broadway musical.
All I catch updated for the 90s.
It is nothing to write home about.
In other words, it blows is what it says.
Rent blows.
Also, here's the fact that this is not an A&E biography, which I've already seen this
one by the way, but it's okay.
It's really, it's a week.
That's pretty good.
Anthony Perkins.
He wanted to see some of the fact stuff eight o'clock tonight on eight.
I love A&E.
I love the whole network.
I love that show.
Biography is a great show.
I especially like when what his name is on from a fishing impossible.
What's his name?
Peter Graves.
Peter Bozer.
Something like that.
Will Boca Band-D.O. council to consider library hygiene rule?
This is a great story.
I'll say that for just a minute.
It's the best.
All based on this one, Nancy Nitzberg.
Nitzberg.
Oi.
Sounds Jewish to me.
You don't have any Jewish bag ladies doing.
Here's Carl Springs.
Hello.
Carl Springs.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
My wife.
You spanked.
Are you a lot what?
Hello.
Speak to me, sir.
Speaking of course.
Yes.
Okay.
Have a great life.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Neil, good morning.
Yes, sir.
I wanted to speak to you about that laser surgery in the eyes.
Yes.
My mom had to have it done, not because she wanted to, because she had to.
Yeah.
She had to have her retina separate actually even shape of a horse.
She was according to what the doctor had said.
Well, I should have been lucky then.
Well, yeah, right.
Isn't a horse supposed to be for good luck like a poor slave clover?
Well, so they say.
But in the meantime, I'm not sure that the retina was separated or torn, as is what
I should have said.
She also had floaters, which is crystallized liquid in the eye floating.
Yeah, I have a float.
Right.
Well, I have a couple as well.
I have a float.
I've had all my life.
And if you're like lying out in the sun, it just kind of floats.
Anyway, here at the station, we have a few floaters, but anyway.
Well, that's the five at the point.
At any rate, the doctor said to her, well, they will go away.
And with this laser surgery, you will be able to see better as her vision became blurry.
At any rate, revision improved maybe 1%.
That's what I'm saying.
The floaters remain.
Yeah.
And she's in misery.
Why?
Because she cannot see well and all she does is feel like pulling her eyes.
So my only advice I can tell you, and I've been listening to you for God knows how many
years now, leave your glasses on.
Don't worry about them.
Enjoy the glasses, but don't do anything you may regret later.
Okay, excellent advice.
Take care of yourself.
Thanks a lot.
Bye-bye.
See, there you go.
I'm one of those people.
I'll check it out.
I'll take the easy way out because he makes a very compelling case for maybe it'll work
and maybe you won't, why risk it.
The glasses aren't that big of a deal.
I mean, what difference are the glasses going to make with me?
Within old grotesque fart like me, are they going to really make any difference at all?
No, of course not.
So what's the big deal there?
But everybody's always trying to push you out of this stuff.
Oh, yeah, it's the greatest thing in the world.
And of course, many lines.
She's probably making a few big bucks off of it.
Why not?
I don't big grudge here.
Or anybody else that's a pull and one over.
I mean, that's a making a few bucks.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line off to another single-lating start
here this morning.
Off to another creepy and crawling Monday morning start.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, Neil, I was watching the news last night and saw a couple of things that made me laugh
and think that it could be something good to tell you.
Number one, Linda Tric writing letters to all rich, transacting for money for their trial
funds for their trial.
Whose writing letters?
Linda Tric.
Oh, Linda Tric, yeah.
Yeah, he's writing letters to veterans.
A.D.
A whole veteran that's for money for their defense funds on the trial that's coming up.
And you know, here's the money to buy us some defend fans.
The other was the internet that has the Pope visit.
And then when you connect to it, it's an adult information news.
And they are talking about banning it.
And they say that disrespect to the Pope with no kind of crap like that.
Yeah.
The Pope is probably honest.
He's not fact in the church.
He's probably reading it every day.
I have a great day, sir.
Okay, thank you.
Okay, that takes care of our calls for this Monday.
Thank you very much.
It's been nice being here.
Could have stayed home and taken a couple more benedrill just slept all day long and waited
for my left ear to pop open.
All my life, it seems I spend about half of my time waiting for that left ear to open
up.
Remember, I had those months and months?
I mean, months with that finest thing with that my left ear just would not open.
It would just shut like, and it's not that bad now, but it's just annoying because you
just know that it's part of this whole syndrome, which I know damn well.
I got on a Delta plane, by the way.
On a Delta plane about a month ago, a month and a half ago, on one of my many, many weekend
trips, and on that particular leg of the trip, man, I tell you, the ear pushing through
the events in that plane was so hot and so musty and so crusty, it was like worse than
that.
It's like they had the tubes connected to the charcoal in the seats, and they were like
pushing that through the man, warm and musty.
And just sitting, just when I got off the plane, I knew I was going to be sick probably
for months from sitting there and I had God damn, Delta plane, I just went to that and
passing again because they tend to really suck the big one.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I was laughing at the people that were saying that Clinton was the father of that prostitute
child because they were assuming that she was a virgin, we never had sex with anybody
else because what are the chances of him being the father?
Well, anyways, they, they, they, they, they, boom, that he was.
He wants to be like George Washington.
Yeah.
So, sir, do you understand, you know, Tom Harkin, a vial, was said at best this morning,
he called the the pile of dumb and I said, let's hear it for Tom Harkin, okay, who is
the only guy in the whole Congress who's ever got the balls.
Remember when he ran for president, he said, bull shot on the ear?
And I thought, hey, here's the guy that actually opens up his mouth and says something and after
that, we never heard from him again.
That was the end of him because in America, just like where you work most of you, you know,
don't rock the boat, keep your mouth shut and God forbid you should open your mouth and
really say something, what you think?
He said, this is a pile of dumb that the house is thrown over to us and it's a disgrace
and so on.
And they're right.
The same assholes, including Henry Heidenit, Henry Heide was saying, oh, we don't have
to have witnesses.
What better record could we possibly have than all the grand jury testimony?
We got Betty Curry, we got Vernon Jordan, we got Monica Lewinsky, we got Linda Tripp
all on the record there.
And they certainly, if you brought them back, they're not going to contradict their testimony
in part of the grand jury because they need perjuring themselves.
So it's all right there in the star report.
And he went out at great lengths, but I'm about, about, about, about, about how we absolutely
don't need any witnesses.
Now that the only way they can possibly drag the thing out in the Senate and all these
right wingers are like pushing and pushing and pushing and pushing it, now we've got to
have witnesses.
And the tragic part of it is the last few days they're starting to get to them.
All the right wingers from the house are starting to get to the Republican senators and
others saying, well, you know, well, maybe we ought to call a few witnesses, at least
at bitch Monica.
So when did that we can drag this out?
They just refuse to get to God their message already.
We'd want it to end.
We want it over now.
Enough.
Good.
Even the goyem are writing one of the streets saying, good no goyem already.
They don't even know what it means.
There's enough of this crap.
And let's get out with the good stuff.
Okay.
Whatever it might be.
We don't know what it is.
Yeah, but let's get out with the good stuff.
Jesus Christ almighty.
It's just a and these talking head shows man, oh man.
They sit there and they like these media people they act like that somebody did a lobotomy
and just took the brain out like Kennedy's brain disappeared.
I think there's did too.
And they keep asking the same stupid questions over and over again.
Even the American public, which we don't give very high marks for being overly intelligent,
even the public, the overwhelming majority, they've decided enough with this crap already.
And just like MSNBC, a couple of nights ago, I'm channel surfing and I'm John Gibson.
I can't stand him.
He almost makes me like, oh, Jay, that's how much I hate John Gibson.
And he's got the brought on that wrote the book that claims he had the affair with Clinton
and she wants to come.
She's Jane, don't number five or number six hundred or whatever she is.
She's crazy.
Then a bed bug this bitch and they got her on here again.
And then after they get her off and they're ripping her with ass, well, she's got no credibility.
And she's like, no matter what you ask her, she goes little bit like that.
They just can't stop because the media, of course, they're thriving on it.
They love it.
The ratings for MSNBC and CNBC, they're way to hell up over the end of the CNN.
Lay up over the usual margin along existing numbers.
But the overwhelming majority of the public still don't want any part of it.
They've had it and they just don't get the goddamn message.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the mobile one eye.
Because he this is going to be another big week in the big city.
No question about that.
Oh god, Neil.
She looks like a guy.
She's never seen why.
She makes me want to push rise.
A chick with a dick.
She's a bitch.
She's a bitch.
She's a bitch.
She's a bitch.
She's a bitch.
She's a bitch.
She's a bitch.
She's a bitch.
She's a bitch.
She's a bitch.
She's a bitch.
She's a bitch.
She's a bitch.
She's a bitch.
She's a bitch.
She's a bitch.
She's a bitch.
She's a bitch.
She's a bitch.
She's a bitch.
She's a bitch.
She's a bitch.
She's a bitch.
She's a bitch.
She's a bitch.
She's a bitch.
She's a bitch.
She's a bitch.
She's a bitch.
She's a bitch.
She's a bitch.
She's a bitch.
She's a bitch.
She's a bitch.
She's a bitch.
She's a bitch.
She's a bitch.
She's a bitch.
She's a bitch.
She's a bitch.
She's a bitch.
She's a bitch.
She's a bitch.
She's a bitch.
She's a bitch.
She's a bitch.
She's a bitch.
She's a bitch.
She's a bitch.
She's a bitch.
She's a bitch.
She's a bitch.
She's a bitch.
She's a bitch.
She's a bitch.
She's a bitch.
She's a bitch.
She's a bitch.
She's a bitch.
Why should they have to let you win anywhere?
Why should they have to let you win if you think they join out?
If you smell like a crap.
If you smell like a crap.
If you smell like crap.
If you smell like crap.
If you smell like crap.
If you smell like crap.
How about cleaning up and giving a regard to bad sounds good to me?
Yes sir.
How are you doing sir?
I think she needs some sense of the terms.
That's not the topic of discussion.
I'm calling about that air problem you have.
I just came from the damn dentist.
I don't want to think I'm getting no charge of an HMO and everything.
I just want to charge me 80 bucks.
I ask for a cleaning.
They want to give me another type of cleaning to cost money.
What the hell do I do about that?
I can't go out in the hours.
I'm calling you now.
Call me for what?
What you say about this?
What you say about this?
What you say about this?
There you go.
Okay, we have an open line in the Broward All 3 and Day.
5.6705.60.505.505.505.505.
What does that have to do with my ear?
What is his dental problem?
Is there dental cleaning or the fact that he's a schlepper and can't afford the 80 bucks?
What does that have to do with my ear and my sinus infection or whatever the hell I got?
Does that have anything to do with it?
No.
Of course not.
And this guy probably has got stinking teeth.
He's probably got bad breath.
There's another guy who keeps his ass out of the library.
Stick his name on the ordinance too.
Okay?
He doesn't want to go get his teeth cleaned.
Sheep bastard.
Open line in Broward All 3.
Are these Day lines working today?
Are we on the air here?
Is this a joke?
Is this like an early April Fool's joke here today?
It's got to be.
Here's a mobile into question.
Hello?
Mobile into question.
Don't hear anything.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hey.
Yeah.
What's going on?
What can we do for you, sir?
You just called my phone.
I just called your phone.
Oh, no.
I just called your phone.
Hey, I didn't know.
I got it up.
I just called your phone.
And George just put you on hold.
I was on hold with you.
And then someone else called.
I rang it.
And then my phone rang.
And you're on the phone, saying, what can I do for you?
Yes, sir.
I have absolutely nothing to say.
Okay.
Thank you.
Was that good?
Was that an award winner or what?
Well, hey, at least he called.
Yeah.
He did call it all the way from the question.
We went through all of that.
And this man had nothing, absolutely nothing to say.
At least he got to talk to me.
Whoever the other was on the other line.
I hope he had more to say to the other person that was on the other line.
Man, oh man.
What an eye opener.
Come in on the morning.
They have nothing to say no matter what it is.
We got nothing to say.
All right.
Let's hear it.
They have that kind of effort to say today.
Great.
Jesus Christ, what a place this is.
Man, every day of my life, I learn more and more and more.
What a bad, bad, bad mistake I keep making.
Try to do a talk show here.
I should be doing a music show.
Like that Mindy Amorkas, whatever her name is.
They're on magic.
I should have been playing Oldie Mollies.
Last call for phone calls today.
If not, I got lots and lots of good carpenters here.
I got tons of music.
We'll get some food in here.
I'll give me some soup.
We'll get all healed up from this crud that everybody's got around here.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
What an embarrassing place this town is.
And continues each and every day.
I can't even articulate as good as I am at articulating.
Even I can't articulate what a bogus, bum fork place this is.
God is this something.
Here's a mobile in Pompano.
Hello.
Yeah, hey, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Yeah, I'm that eye surgery.
I want to talk to you about that.
I had a similar situation to the Glasgow call, the 49 year old.
I'm same age.
I had the same problem.
But when I had the surgery, I had it like three years ago.
And I thought it was like the easiest thing I ever went through.
Really?
Yeah, it was like I had a lot of confidence.
Yeah, a lot of confidence in a doctor.
I spent some time talking to him at a time.
It was just so easy.
I was 17 minutes in the chair.
I had both eyes done the same day.
And I had the ALK.
Probably would have taken this other guy at the dentist.
17 minutes in the chair to get his teeth cleaned as well.
Yeah.
And when in the ALK, they slice your cornea and then lift it up.
They slice it?
Yeah, that's the surgery I had.
I think they don't do that anymore.
They don't slice it.
They do a laser thing now.
Yeah, I had a little laser work down on my left eye.
Yeah.
The isosystems.
I've had like great vision since then.
I would recommend it to anybody.
And I think if you're thinking about having a time, just go ahead and have a try.
Let's go ahead and do it.
Let's get it over with and quit talking about it.
Okay, thanks a lot.
Okay, thank you.
Yeah, just do what and quit talking about it.
Quit the heming and hawing.
There's nothing worse.
I'm usually pretty decisive.
You know what I'm saying?
Sometimes I think I'm going to wipe with my right hand.
I think sometimes I would wipe with my left.
Kind of like Greg Reed.
You know what I said there for hours and hours.
Well, I don't know.
Now the only time he knows which hand to wipe with is if the toilet paper is there like sports logo on it that he knows.
The sports obsessive place.
I can't believe that Waxi stole the meditores away from the space now, you know.
Thousand five people are last night.
So in other words, if a thousand people actually showed up in arena, that means there must be another one.
Thirty or forty that would have listened on a radio.
Here's Delray Beach.
Hello.
Hi.
Yes, sir.
Bill Parcells is the Messiah.
Yeah.
I just had to say that.
Okay.
Yeah.
Okay. Great.
We're real excited for you.
Okay.
Now to call one of the sports shows and tell them that.
Not interested, sir.
Not interested.
All you jets fans call up the sports shows and glow because they get real nervous and aggravated when you do that.
Call them up and glow.
I couldn't care less.
He's a big fat guy and, you know, whatever.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's Boka.
Hello.
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Well, I've got a couple things to talk about.
One, I can't agree more about the talking, the incestent coaching interviews.
Oh, Jesus.
I mean, is that the most terminal radio you've ever heard?
I mean, I'm in the car yesterday.
I turned on the station expecting to hear the Minnesota Phoenix game.
And instead of that, I'm here at Bill Parcells press conference.
And he's mumbling and mumbling and drawing on.
What is there to say?
Okay, they won the game.
They played good.
They won the game.
They're going on to play Denver next week.
Great.
Okay, it's over with everybody that wears a jock strap or even guys that hang around with people that wear jock.
They got to have a press conference.
And a lot of times you listen to them and it's like, okay, we lost.
What is it, Jimmy Johnston going to come out?
He's going to come out.
He's going to mope and he's going to cover his butt and it's just like it's so boring.
He's so exact.
What's going to be a compliment?
Boring is an understatement, sir.
It's just put on and people with no lives.
If they got on and said, hey, this guy screwed up, then it would be interesting.
But they all like, well, we don't really put them up.
Yeah, exactly.
What are they going to say anyway?
That's right.
And also that I live in Boca and I've been in that library and that woman stinks to high heaven.
So I think they should keep her ass out of there.
Wow, it looks like they were working on it.
Beautiful.
They're working on it.
They're working on it, right?
Maybe that's the problem.
It could be.
We have an open line that brought one in day.
I mean, this is legendary.
This is unbelievable.
I mean, even your wife knew about this woman.
It doesn't matter who you speak to.
You can go out on the street corner.
Hey, you know that woman up there in Boca.
Oh, yeah, the wedding library.
She smells real bad.
Everybody in this town.
They know nothing else, but they know her.
So nice, God, sweetheart.
We're not so sweet in the park.
Boy, talk about becoming a legend before your own time.
Oh, push.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
This year, share with you singing the national anthem at the Super Bowl.
Now, in honor of this history making of it,
far from Virgin Records presents,
Share sings the irrational anthem.
I saw the flag by the rocket flag,
And all in light, we saw you work today.
Flag.
I got you flag.
I got you flag.
Share sings the irrational anthem is share.
Doing the national anthem,
hoeing.
And once you hear it,
Flag birding will begin to sound like a minor offense.
Run, try, pal, try, stop.
It's a pair of kids back there.
We'll galloping, screaming, run, try, pal, try.
But it's not in the roughs with the air.
You know I flag with two things.
Share sings the irrational anthem.
Every time you hear it,
you'll want to stand up and walk across the room
to turn on your CD player.
And the flag's loud dog.
Little flag's loud dog.
Share sings the irrational anthem.
Available wherever fine CDs are sold.
And the flag's loud dog.
It's 11 o'clock at 5.50 WDQM.
We got Hank Goldberg at two of this afternoon from Shula State 2.
And then we got Bootsy with Sixth and Kaplan 10 o'clock tonight.
Let's keep our fingers crossed,
maybe not too many press conferences between now and midnight, okay?
Oh, God.
Here's a mobile in the keys.
Hello?
Hey there.
I want to talk about the library ordinance down here in the keys.
You have one in the keys?
We sure do.
Monroe County?
Yeah.
Not only does it bar people who smell bad from the libraries,
but they can't use the library restrooms to clean up.
Huh.
Hey, I'll let them go to McDonald's if they want to.
Yeah, I'd go somewhere else.
Got to be good with something.
Anyway, I agree with you about all these sports boring press conferences.
You're good, God.
Okay, thanks a lot, pal.
Thank you.
Okay, it's unanimous so far.
They all say, I mean, you know, it's one thing they want to watch a ballgame
or they want to see a great player player or great coach or manager,
you know, use all kinds of tactics to win again, whatever.
But to listen to them pontificating, especially these in the articular jocks,
we have nothing to say.
And what is there to say anyway?
Well, he done good, night done good, night done good, and they done good,
and they didn't do so good.
I mean, what is there to say?
Talk about mental masturbation, maybe just wasting hours and hours and hours of time.
And the only reason, let me say it again, the only reason that they started this crap
is to fill up a lot of time on these sports networks.
That's the only reason they do this.
Somehow we all survive without everybody in their brotherhood law
holding a God-dame press conference after every God-dame high school volleyball game.
Isn't that interesting, by the way, that we, here it is an hour later,
we still haven't had one call.
There's nobody out there.
And you want to know why because there are a bunch of pussy's.
There are a bunch of pussy's.
They were afraid to say what's really on their mind about this animal,
this jackass that beat the baby to death,
who's got three kids with the one woman he's living with, but isn't married to her,
but isn't married to some other woman, but a stranger from her, etc.
This is what's going on, baby.
This is where it's at today.
Talk about responsibility.
This is a...
That's the American fucking way.
Right.
Everybody's making babies, and they're making them with one woman over here,
and with one woman, they're not necessarily married,
because it doesn't make any difference anymore.
And it's a blessing, maybe it's a wonderful thing,
like the woman that had the...
that spit out the eight-ocked cup of tea.
That was a wonderful...
That was a blessing with the fertility drugs.
This is the way the media presents everything.
Absolutely unconscionable, forced sterilization.
Just...
You ought to be running around with banners, with placards, with signs.
There ought to be billboards up all over America right now.
Forced sterilization.
And here's this story right here in my hand.
Is living proof of it right there, or maybe dead proof of it.
She was crying too much.
There you go.
So let's just bash her head against the wall.
That'll shut her up.
Worked like a charm.
How about let's take him and bash his head against the wall for a couple hours.
Ow!
See how it works.
Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Oh, Nioh.
Yes, sir.
Love you, show, but I have absolutely nothing to say.
Yeah.
Then why did you call?
So let you know I have nothing to say.
Oh, okay.
Palm Beach County.
I hate to break the news to you.
But you don't have to call to tell us you don't have any news to say we already know that.
We're all well aware of that here in the rest of South Florida.
We know that you have nothing to say.
Open line in Broward.
566705, 60 in Palm 560 on the AT&T line.
This is a new deal now.
Now we have people calling in to tell us they have nothing to say.
We automatically assume that unless you prove otherwise.
Okay.
We assume that.
And usually we're correct.
Here's a mobile and Pembert Pine.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, this is Dr. Mark Bosum.
I just wanted to clarify some things you said before about the laser surgery.
Yes.
I'm a laser surgeon.
And a couple of your collars are misinformed.
The Lasik surgery you still have to make a cut just like ALK which is the older surgery.
Oh, yeah.
ALK is not done anymore.
Lasik has the advantages of ALK without the disadvantages.
And the laser is used as the second part of the surgery.
But you still have the slice.
You have to slice absolutely.
But the slice is what lets you get back to your normal vision as quick as possible without needing glasses or contacts.
The Lasik surgery works from your side in its far-sighted anestigmatism.
It is by far the best surgery that's been invented so far to correct vision.
Okay.
But some of your collars seem to say ALK is not done anymore.
PRK is surface laser.
It hurts after the surgery.
But Lasik is the new surgery that works great.
Okay. Thanks, Doc.
And the bills in the mail.
So what did he say?
Do the PRK, okay?
Is that what he said?
We have an open line at day 5, 6, 7.
I have no idea what he just said.
All I know is that after the first 20 seconds I stopped listening because he said we still have the slice.
I'm sorry.
No slice in, okay?
Didn't know what he said.
He said even with the LASIK, LASIK, LASIK, whatever the hell is the damn thing is with Lasik.
Even with that you still have to do it.
They still have to make a little cut.
Okay?
The answer to you is...
No.
No, I'll pass.
Okay? If for you first and then...
No.
Then I'll think about it and I'll still say...
No.
Yeah, go ahead.
Like Joe Rosoli, he keeps coming near.
It's a great guy bringing us all kind of office supplies.
We love Joe Rosoli.
But every time it comes in, oh you got to check that out.
You got to have it done. It's great.
You'll go do it, okay?
Go stick your eyes under some assholes knife.
No.
Yeah.
Oops.
I keep hearing that.
Every time like when I'm watching that infomercial and Mindy lying yesterday,
that word keeps coming back over and over.
Oops.
Oh, oh, oh, sorry.
How about the other one?
No, no, no, don't worry about that one.
It's not too bad.
But maybe we'll get that one right.
No, that's okay.
Thank you.
Here's a mobile and Davy.
Hello.
Neil, how are you doing?
Okay.
Good.
Speaking of banging your head against me,
I'll sound like you're having a typical Monday.
As usual.
A typical day in this town.
I think guys like you, right?
That's a big place.
I think they should round them all up.
Put them on a spatial and blow them into the sun personally.
Yeah.
But, anyway, as far as the eye surgery goes,
if you consider like just wearing like contact lenses, like soft.
I've had no interest in that.
I tried that once.
It's a real pain in the ass.
There's one word that really deterred me from thinking about surgery in the next,
oops.
Yeah.
But, hey, I don't like anybody cutting anything that doesn't need to be cut
unless it's life for it.
That's what I should have told him when I was born.
But I didn't could speak well at that point.
Okay.
Thanks for the good news.
Okay, we have an open line and date one and proud. I'm not gonna do it. You can say you can waste my time from now until the end of time
Including Joe was all you're a great guy Joe. We appreciate all the nice stuff you bring us
But the answer is no way. I forget it. I'm not gonna do it
Plus you know what's wrong with the a pair of glasses for an old fart like me everybody never
You look at the gooks man. They all wear glasses. Don't they for some reason. Why is that?
Why is it that so many Asians wear glasses including young people because they can afford the contact?
No, no, I'm a sir forget it even before they were forget that why is should they can't afford yeah right my ass?
The Asians that come over here that could buy and sell you 50 million times pal. Oh, they want to come over here right a
Lot of glasses with those and maybe just a cultural thing like they say. Isn't that what we heard last week about the Adurdy bird? It's a cultural thing
Here's dear field hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing there today Neil? Okay?
Very disturbed about what are you disturbed about sir the person to be the little baby up? Yeah?
Yeah, I don't know why people who such control themselves that they cannot take ten breaths
Do a hundred push-ups do something shoot themselves before they hit a little child first of all when you got somebody that's got three kids by an
Illigent three illegitimate kids and then is estranged from another woman that he's still married to is that give you little ideas to perhaps what this person's character might be well
slightly yes, but in the last brawl to hit a little child
There's got to be another answer and if it's to call a friend talk about it do something yeah other than
Murder a little child. Mm-hmm. I don't have the answer, but try not to hit the kids and
Otherwise you made a comment a week or so ago about people that don't like dogs. Yeah
People to get bit by dogs may not like dogs
Their animals they attack kids at times. So not everybody's piece of crap because they don't like dogs
Why did you get bit by dogs sure did what kind German Shepherd German Shepherd? Well, there you go
Probably are you a person of color sir?
Of color. Yeah, they're like darker color than like light
No, sir, you know that has anything to do with it does have something to do with it. There's some there's some dogs that are racist
Oh, I was sure German Shepherd. Yeah, think about it have a good week. Well, okay
Boy, he got real up tight when I asked that didn't he sound like he might have been a person of like somewhat darker
Complexion than I am maybe or like certainly anybody would be I was gonna say the George
But anybody is darker complexion than you are my face everybody, but I got bit by a German Shepherd
Yeah, I want maybe didn't like humans want to see the scar maybe didn't like no, I do not maybe didn't like humans
Maybe that I told you those German Shepherd's might be racist. Okay. They can't help it
They got a little bit of German in them is what it is. Oh
Boy that guy there boy. Wow talk about asking somebody the wrong question whoo like a big like the Berlin wall
What up there when I asked that just lighten up a little bit sir like I keep trying to tell all you people like Ross
For oh would say you people just lighten up a little bit. It's just you know manor of speech God
Open line and powered 400 and paid five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line nine minutes after 11 a QAM
Steel Roger's God
He's a wonderful boy
Had a major win
Watch the Hershey highway
And reading Martha's to her
Yeah
He's winning lots of rates
For the
Really
Won't be
When they find out he thinks it's triple watch your face away
All right
No
When they're gonna do it
I don't know
This guy
I am
Isn't
Oh, he's gentle.
When they find out he makes it circle.
Once he's raised away, a stamp of boy is yay.
Gorn is yay.
Woo!
Gorn is yay.
Look at me there.
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Please, even now.
Woo!
What the fuck is going on in the red?
It's 11.50 to 5.50 W-D-C-R-A.
See, I'm hungry.
I don't want to do this kind of stuff.
The fact that there are animals out there making babies and beating them.
Just like these women, it abandoned the kids.
And just to take off.
Remember that one story that we've been seeing like every other day now on the news?
And she left the two little kids there and they were wandering around on the street somewhere.
And they couldn't find her.
And then she claimed, well, the mother, the mother-in-law, the babysitter.
Somebody knew something about it.
Hey, she was out there busy doing stuff, doing guys.
Whatever she was doing. Who has any idea?
Anybody like I-20 before can reproduce.
It takes no special magical talent to make babies, okay?
In fact, when you watch that Tony Perkins special on that biography thing that I'm A&E,
even he made babies.
Even the fact like Tony Perkins' late in his life was able to make babies.
They take no tremendous talent.
But being a responsible parent and having a right, there ought to be some qualification.
I mean, they're qualification to drive a car.
You have to get a goddamn license.
Not just a piece of paper that says, hey, some, some getchkey somewhere, some rabbi or some priest or minister said,
by the way, you're married. They're not just that.
But something that says you're responsible, let your civilized people like raise a child properly.
Do we ever think about that?
No.
Oh, no, that's your God-given right to reproduce like rabbits.
And then, you know, things don't turn out right.
Just throw them in the pizza oven or beat the crap out of them or bang their head against the wall.
You're dead or they cry.
I mean, what a content, baby's crying.
Hey, no way we like that.
No.
No, cut it out.
Scum, slime balls, scumbags, rampant all over America.
And these people, well, you know, that's just not the right thing to do.
Okay, thank you.
Three open lines in days, 560, 705, 60, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Yeah, here's a go on the early 70s.
That was on a talk show from time.
I'm at your service with Fred Hall.
Oh, God.
Yeah.
I just, I lost track in.
I helped him out on some family situations.
He got into some problems.
You know where or what?
I never heard of Fred Hall, sir.
No.
No, thank you.
Call up the radio hall of fame.
Okay, sir.
This is a talk show.
We're not talking ancient radio trivia.
We're talking about stuff that might be of interest to somebody living in the 20th,
almost at the end of the 20th century.
Fred Hall.
Anybody ever heard him?
No.
Okay.
560, 705, 60, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You know what people don't call up or get all up about this jerk off that killed his baby?
Why is that, sir?
It's almost like people who have become numb to this because it happens so much.
Yeah.
Seven plays it up.
You got the parents that killed their kids and claim they've been kidnapped.
And a hundred thousand people go out to look for them only to be disappointed that it was the parent that did it.
Like Susan Smith, yeah.
Yeah.
And then the one that just happened up in Orlando or it's just, you almost become numb to it.
It's thickening.
You hate to see it.
You hate to hear it.
You come numb to it.
People just seem to come numb to all this stuff that's going on.
It's happening more and more.
I think they want to make him numb is what I think they ought to do.
I think they ought to fry his ass on Channel 7 News at noon today with Rick Stanchett squatting over the electric here.
That's what I think they ought to do.
I happen to agree with you with that already.
I think it's just like the fact that they're going to be able to make excuses for the American indifference toward violence and suffering and barbaric acts like this.
You know, that's just a cop out.
That's just an excuse for the fact that people don't give a crap.
I agree.
I agree.
It's very sad.
It's very thickening but it just seems that that's the case.
Unfortunately.
Well, maybe that's the American FN way.
Okay.
Have a great day.
Well, I do want to reach over there and do that.
That's the American FN way.
Thank you.
We have an open line at Broward, all seven hundred and date, five six seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60.
But they're concerned with this one guy that called me for from dear field, that New York piece of crap that just got off the subway.
Oh, Bill Parcell's is God.
That's all I have to say.
Yeah, so what about it?
Okay, they want a football game.
That's what's important to these people.
Okay, his team want a football game.
Oh, yeah, his team because they won.
Don't you understand?
They make some his team even though he's from New York and he's down here.
Okay.
His team won a game.
Therefore, that's what he's got to say about life.
That's his contribution to life.
That's the kind of the end of the thought that kind of deadhead.
You know, a guy called me on Friday or was either Thursday or Friday last week and asked me about the callers on this station as opposed to...
Now, in a moment of weakness, I said, that's all but the same.
That's wrong.
If you lump in all of the callers, including mine and the sports callers, the other twenty hours of the end of the station,
this radio station has got the worst callers in the history of talk radio.
It's not even a contest.
Not even a contest.
It's unbelievable to swill that you hear just round the clock from a bunch of simple idiots.
Hey, you took the egg you even were saying, hey, you think Leibov's going to win twenty games?
Man, oh man.
A bunch of idiots out there playing grab ass with each other with themselves or both of the above.
And of course, and even forget the subject matter, even if it is sports, try to have a childhood conversation with him.
Like I did on Friday making that bad, bad mistake.
Is that possible?
No.
No, they haven't got a collage, even though what you're talking about.
That's why they're sitting there looking up on that screen.
Hey, there I am.
Okay, that's a time that's like an asshole.
There I am.
Coolness.
North Miami. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I have something to say about that child dating.
Yeah. You know, every time you hear about something like that on the radio,
I was 99% of the time.
It's a black.
And I don't understand.
99% are you doing a survey?
Well, a disproportionate amount of the time.
It is you're right about that.
Yes.
I know.
We had to send them all back.
I need.
What is it? Yeah, send them all back.
Okay, you can be on the boat too.
Okay.
Send them all back to Africa is about what he was going to say.
Very good, sir.
We're not looking for Klansman.
Okay, I think he's got a way to the weekend for the next meeting.
So we try to air it out a little bit here.
Brilliant.
Open line is Broward.
5'6'7'5'60".
5'60' on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Yes.
Yes.
Where can I get a copy of Smoke 2 Joy?
Where can I buy that?
Having got any idea.
Open line in Broward.
2'5'6'7'5'60".
Palm Beach, batting a thousand today.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
You're having a bad day.
You're feeling alright.
I mean, you're having a great day.
I'm having just another day in Miami.
They're all the same.
You know, Neil, I thought I'd think, uh, and I believe that about you that you're here.
You're coming here and you get off the coast off of these people.
But you got the best job in America, man.
I wish I could sit there for four hours and vet my first race.
And go, no, these people out here that get all my nerves.
Yeah.
One of them, being the guy that's making a baby around.
Mm-hmm.
There was a kid.
There was a kid of Denny's.
I had breakfast with my 10-year-old daughter yesterday.
And I tell you what, if that was my kid, I'd be smacking the hell out of that kid.
But that's the point.
I know I have a bad temper and I can't handle kids.
But these people don't care.
And they won't be doing with your 10-year-old daughter.
Well, I will be tracing this column, get your 10-year-old daughter some protection before it's too late.
Before you lose that thing, it's been pretty much...
Like they said in the Godfather, you know, sonny, don't lose that famous temper, you know.
Yeah.
No, it's not like that, Neil.
You're just trying to call right now.
Okay, put him on hold and trace the call and get that kid to call up social services right away.
You're smiling.
I'm serious.
Okay, this guy admits he's got a violent temper.
He had some little kid in Denny's.
It wasn't even his kid yesterday.
Wanted to beat the crap out of him, I guess.
See, it's one thing to want to beat the crap out of a noisy nasty little kid.
It's another thing to be so aberrant and irresponsible as to go ahead and do it.
We all have, though.
I mean, anybody that denies having feelings of wanting to commit violence against some asshole or some little annoying kid or whoever it might be is a liar.
Everybody has those feelings, but people who aren't barbarians, people that have any degree of self-control, who aren't totally mentally ill, people are able to, you know, control themselves.
Of course, if I'd have been there at Denny's, maybe I would have helped him out.
We have an open line in Dave 567-0560 and Pomp 560 on the ATV.
Why can't they have like a little kids area there at Denny's?
If I got to jam all the smokers in one area, why can't they have a place for people to pay me the asshole kids?
Now, I would take exception at the hockey game starting this Wednesday when the Leafs come to town.
Wednesday, we will have a shoot them on strike with no questions.
Ask the Insection 101 for paying me the asshole kids that get in the way while the game is on.
Okay, no questions asked today.
Well, that's going to be some experience. I can't wait. I just can't wait.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Yeah, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Great. Well, first of all, let me tell you, football season almost over and it looks like I'm going to live.
Yeah.
Are you ready for the experiment of professional football?
Give me the ball. Give me the ball.
Are you ready for the dirty bird? I know we got a couple of weekends to go yet.
I mean, I'm a football fan, but I actually have a life.
Oh, I mean, I remember...
Well, then you run the wrong radio station.
This is a radio station for sports fans with no lives.
I remember looming before football season even started, but in any case, you know, about this guy who killed a baby.
I mean, look, typical hell to this guy.
I'm going to pick it full of white German shepherds. How's that?
Okay. All righty.
Okay, thank you.
There you go. I think we saw that. Let's put it on the ear on Channel 7, okay?
I have no life.
Two open lines in date, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
I'm going to say to my, could take two little kids, their own kids, and stick them in a car and drown them because they were getting in the way of her imaginary love affair that wasn't going to materialize anyway. But even assuming that it was and you know, just just unbelievable. And was there any reaction to that? And then when they said when her, the townsfolk up there wasn't in South Carolina. And the people in town said, well, we grew up with her. We've done Susan all our lives. We could never put her to death. So we'll just stick her in jail for the rest of it. We won't give it to death penalty.
Now in that case, I would have been glad to go up there and volunteer, okay? And I may not be the world's best marksman, but I would, you know, just give me plenty of chances and I'll guarantee I can get the job done. Hey, Susan, there's another one. You bitch. And there was no outrage about that.
To show you about misplaced their priorities because that's the American way right. Open line of date County. By the way, you know, since I'm getting myself all worked up to a frenzy, I have no idea why, especially since it's only Monday.
Remember Ray Perry came down here Thursday morning. Say that's another thing about this radio station. Everybody here talks a good game. And he's a nice guy like him. You know, he seems, seems like a nice guy. But then again, it's like going to a new doctor, a new veterinarian. Like I said before, every time you go to one, they seem like, oh, they're the greatest in the world.
And then after you go a couple of times, you find out, wow, maybe that's not so great. And we were going to have a given a list right away. Here we have a copy we got to have for this one. And that one, we because the sales people are doing a number. And here it is like now Monday, which that was on Thursday Friday came with the anything new comment. And here's Monday's the right thing new that showed up. No.
So everybody around this, you want to talk to real good game and they all have the best of intentions. But you know what they say about good intentions, don't you?
You know what they say? No, it's 1126 and 560 WQM. This is a bunch of hooy.
When that thing's in the party, it's no gate. We haven't looked good since JFK. Things I told you to do away. Oh God, I'm a Democrat.
Where we ought to be up there. She can't say we got these over active land. Carter really killed us. I ran. Oh God, I'm a Democrat. I'm gracious.
I'm very good. I'm getting brown. Mary. I thought they're just too scary.
Mary, you guys went in there and started and carried. Oh, God. I'm a Democrat. We got no for new. And the platform sale released the Republicans. Got saying quail. We just got us off chasing sale. Oh, God, I'm a Democrat.
You see that by the way, Dan Quail, is he really serious? He's going to run Dan Quail, oh, and it was a bit dull. Oh my god.
That was Republicans. Not bad enough. They're doing all of this penis skate stuff. They just won't quit. But they're shooting each other in the feet and themselves.
Give it a go. Okay. There we go. Dan Quail and Elizabeth Dole. She makes her husband sound exciting. She does. She is one of the most tasty boring pieces of turd on two legs that I've ever seen in my life. Of course, he figures. That's the only way he'll ever get in the White House. If she gets in there, is there any chance of that? None.
Two open lines in Dave County, five six seven, oh five, 60, Palm five, 60 on the AT&T line. Here's the Delray Beach. Hello.
Yeah, sir. I don't want to bring up an old topic, but I was watching the college basketball game the other day. You watching what? The college basketball game. Yeah.
I wasn't watching on purpose. I was flipping through the channels. And there's a guy on the University of South Florida basketball team. His name was the swedig out. Paris London.
Paris London. Yeah. And his name could have been Frank for Munich. That was his brother, I think. But you know, you're talking about like all these bad colors that they get.
I heard some guy call him Hank the other day and ask how Maryland was going to do in the tournament. University of Maryland. It's just like what's the point of asking that kind of question? What kind of a torque would I ask that question? Right? I don't know.
The torps. I don't know. Alright, Neil. Have a great day. Happy Ramadan and back to you. How are they going to do by the way? Yeah, see that. It's like asking about Napoleon Copman. It was the same thing. I mean, I never forget that morning as long as I lived that was today that I swore off sports radio.
Is the morning that some Jack guys calls up the worst thing? Hey, I heard any more about Napoleon Copman. How's he doing?
Napoleon freaking Copman, man. My whole life. The universe is centered around the Polian Copman. Right now. Just just look out the window. There it is.
Well, don't open the window too wide because then that smell of death will come seep again. You'll know where you are.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. I was thinking about the subject. You know, but this guy that I want to beat his kid.
The solution would be throw him in a cage with tempo. Grizzly. Yeah, okay. Thank you. Uh-huh. And you're asked put your ass in there too. Is that what you said?
As I think that's what he said. Open line of Broward to a date County five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty out of 18 T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Have a go. Okay, sir. About this child killer guy. Yeah, I've been very fortunate. I'm very young and my parents are working in travel business.
So I've been able to go all over the world. And it's true what you say if this kind of stuff happens in Western Europe.
It's a shock. I mean people go into you know, it's a really big use event. Uh-huh. And here it's like you have to like do all this crap to stir up people just to even get even the smallest response.
Uh-huh. And you know, it's just there really should be like a lynch mob up in Washington right now.
And lynch mob for what? In Washington? Yeah, because I mean, you know, you're missing the point. There is it's called a Senate.
There ought to be a lynch mob. There's a lynching going on right now. Okay. They started in the house and not a lynch mob has moved on to the Senate. There is a lynching of El Presidente. Don't you understand that, sir?
No. Don't you get it? No. And like I told you before once a lynching starts, they don't like easily stop like in midstream. That's why they're so determined.
They're going to continue with on upward onward and forward, no matter what anybody says. The poor could say 99% of the public wants to stop the stop immediately.
And it still won't make any difference because it's a goddamn lynching is what it is.
And then on the one hand, well, it's not about sex, but hey, let's bring out the surprise. The witness number 85 and whatever the hell they call him. What's your name?
Something number five. Score and bitch number five. Yeah, we got all these scoring bitches out there. Actually, the lesson all you guys out there, okay?
You better grill them real carefully before you stick your. That's right.
Here's Kendall. Hello.
Where we going? Let's go to a nice job there. By the way, sitting that off. That was great. Here's the deer field. Hello.
Deer field. Deal. Yes, sir.
Then you got on to the zipper gate. I got a feeling that you know, really want them to call all these witnesses.
Remember when the Republican closed down the Congress over the budget about two, three years ago. And the Republican has just walked into a trap. He said for him.
I think he's setting another trap. He said a mouse trap and they called a ball headed mouse right in that trap. Nice go under.
I'm going to be a little bit more serious. I'm going to be a little bit more serious. I'm going to be a little bit more serious.
I'm going to be a little bit more serious. I'm going to be a little bit more serious. I'm going to be a little bit more serious.
I'm going to be a little bit more serious. I'm going to be a little bit more serious. I'm going to be a little bit more serious. I'm going to be a little bit more serious.
I'm going to be a little bit more serious. I'm going to be a little bit more serious. I'm going to be a little bit more serious. I'm going to be a little bit more serious.
I'm going to be a little bit more serious. I'm going to be a little bit more serious. I'm going to be a little bit more serious. I'm going to be a little bit more serious.
I'm going to be a little bit more serious. I'm going to be a little bit more serious. I'm going to be a little bit more serious. I'm going to be a little bit more serious. I'm going to be a little bit more serious. I'm going to be a little bit more serious. I'm going to be a little bit more serious. I'm going to be a little bit more serious. I'm going to be a little bit more serious. I'm going to be a little bit more serious. I'm going to be a little bit more serious. I'm going to be a little bit more serious. I'm going to be a little bit more serious. I'm going to be a little bit more serious. I'm going to be a little bit more serious. I'm going to be a little bit more serious. I'm going to be a little bit more serious. I'm going to be a little bit more serious. I'm going to be a little bit more serious. I'm going to be a little bit more serious. I
'm going to be a little bit more serious. I'm going to be a little bit more serious. I'm going to be a little bit more serious.
I had news for you, nobody's gonna go see him,
and I could have told him that in the beginning,
and that guy's gonna lose a lot of money,
but good luck to them and have a great life.
We have an open line at Broward to indeed, 5.6705.60.
Pound didn't I say that before they started,
that there was no chance, absolutely none,
that that thing was gonna fly,
and they wanted me to be the spokesman,
and I shared absolutely, positively,
way is what I shared,
because you know, why get yourself involved
in something that's guaranteed to fit,
just like when they were trying to use me
to promote roller hockey or whatever that crap was.
What of that last, about five minutes,
that thing lasted, and then they got all bad.
Oh gee, we thought you should let place up for us.
Yeah, right.
I can't even fill the guy down board up with phone,
but seven phone calls, much less fill up your guy down,
or read it with people to see roller hockey,
and little league hockey out there,
good or bad or whatever it is, okay?
People don't care, they're not interested.
You know, this guy still doesn't understand,
just because we have 18, 19,000 people
in the Macarena every game,
that doesn't mean we have 18, 19,000 hockey fans.
We have bodies, we have bodies and seats,
bodies and seats is what we have.
I can't go right, my baby.
Oh, right.
Feels the cause of Monica, the China.
She left out of Giggle.
When he makes it, we go.
Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind,
but a cigar and herb a china sheet all mine.
Well, he don't know where a stoke goes.
I can see how there was no confusion
between humans or and human horror.
And then Arkansas, the term Cedar Bach
means all her naked stars
are partially to go in blind.
Now, please, he was working hard late nights
in the overrear of this working on a practical joke.
He took a Mac and noodle, put an explode in,
loaded for Monica with flowing rings a small.
Feels the cause of Monica, the China.
Oh, right.
She left out of Giggle.
Every time he makes it, we go.
Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind,
but a cigar and herb a china sheet all mine.
Okay.
For people feel that Hillary's been made a fool of by her husband.
Feel that Hillary was wronged.
Up in the linking bedroom, she was born in.
Morning, our door was doing her with Bill's old bomb.
Feels the cause of Monica, the China.
Are you sure?
She left out of Giggle.
Every friggin' time he makes it, we go.
Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind,
but a cigar and herb a china sheet all mine.
One can be said, yes does not serve.
Oh, yeah, what you got to do is take a tip of reload.
And put it in a frown.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
One can be said, and maybe push an hour and push an speckler
or can ask the questions about the cigar business.
Wouldn't that be very dignified?
Don't you think to be a, and what kind of a cigar was it
did he get at Nixon, the word of the stick it,
and was it moist and fully packed and said it went so on?
It's 1144 at 560 WDQM, a veteran Ted Kennedy,
beginning to say that about that.
Where are we going?
Let's go to, he likes to light up a big round.
Okay, we have an open line in Broward, one in date.
560, 705, 60, and Palm 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Carl Springs.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You know, there's no point in getting excised with these people.
Exercise?
Yeah, but these people not responding.
I mean, look what Newsweek has on their cover this week.
Got the power of Christ, who held you?
Yeah, what do they have?
I haven't looked at my newsweek this week.
Don I miss.
Really? They put a dead man on the cover?
They put a dead man in there.
He is their big story of the week.
What a great guy he is.
Now he makes politics so laughable.
Oh my God, I don't get it.
I don't understand.
He doesn't make anything laughable.
In fact, the only funny things they have are the recorded bits that they play while he's sitting there picking his nose in between the segments.
Right, and that's how we inform the public about what's going on.
Yeah.
You have to be, everything has to be a joke.
Don't you understand?
Everything has to be reduced to a low level of comedy.
And then that makes it palatable, I guess.
And as far as my newsweek is concerned, time in Newsweek,
they are like, they have sold out.
They become so close to tabloids that there's no distinction anymore.
What about our newspaper?
Our sunsentinel.
I use it for, you know, they now have a computer line for the latest statistics.
And then, you know, if you do bad in the bets, you can just go to the next page and get yourself a prostitute.
So what kind of...
Okay, have a great day.
We have two open lines in Broward and one in day.
What was he saying?
Something about the WEE-WEE.
560, 560, and 560 on the AT&D wireless line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, Neil, I think the reason you have such a hard time getting good college is because you rip everybody.
Yeah, the people that come...
Yeah, must be my fault, that's right.
That's probably why you don't like Miami so much.
That's why everybody out of the party.
Nobody you listen, sir.
Why do you listen to this, sir?
Yeah, once in a while.
Yeah, once in a while.
You have to upload out your ass.
Once in a while, uh-huh.
They always have a story.
They've always got an excuse.
Once in a while, he tunes in just to see the lay of the land where you could quote chapter in verse,
every goddamn thing that's said by me, the callers, all of our commercial spots.
You could quote every goddamn thing we say 24 hours a day on here, okay?
Two open lines a day.
The reason they don't say is because they got nothing to say.
Okay, it's been the same for 23 freaking years, okay?
And if we were just on this show, I would agree with you.
Maybe it...
Maybe you must be me.
Neil is a nasty guy.
Neil is just a miserable son of a bitch.
It must be Neil's fault that the people in this town are so goddamn boring and so introspective
that they haven't known even see what's going on in the real world.
It must be Neil's fault.
Just listen to those sports shows the other 20 hours that they share.
Listen to those brilliant calls.
You'll pee your pants.
I'm sure you already do though.
Both of you above.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
The callers that you have today are pretty bad.
Pretty bad.
Anyways.
You just want to change the subs a little bit.
What do you think the dolphins will drive?
We have two open lines in date.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Very clever, pal.
How long did you wait for that?
Okay.
Very clever.
Another one of your little Julio.
I just want to change, yeah.
A little fun in games because another guy that's got no life.
Every single day of his life, he's got no life.
This is his occupation now.
He's like the Bob Kunst of a little Havana.
He's got no occupation.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Pompato B.
Hello?
Yeah, Neil?
Yes, sir.
I'm calling about this guy to be his child.
What guy's that?
The one that killed the baby.
Oh, yeah.
The one I was talking about before.
Yeah.
We need to adopt some foreign policies on...
Foreign policies?
Yeah, on crime and punishment.
Yeah.
Like foreign countries that'll execute a guy the same day
that they catch him either raping or killing somebody.
This guy, they should line him up and as loud as he screams,
he ashes that against the wall.
Okay.
Maybe we should adopt some biblical punishment
and stone him to death.
That would be good.
Yeah, I'm right.
Absolutely.
Okay, thanks.
We'll do it about 415 this afternoon.
This guy will be better than some of those press conferences.
We'll put her right on her ear here.
Oh!
Open-line at Broward All 3 and Day.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pomp, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile informer.
Hello?
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Yeah, okay, sir.
Hey, you're going to start charging for these phone calls.
You're making these mental midgets famous.
Mm-hmm.
You only got the good idea.
And...
And I just think that you're God.
Yeah, okay.
Thank you very much, sir.
Thank you for your area.com, et.
And your observations on the passing scene.
Oh, God.
It must be me.
It must be this flu, huh?
It must be me.
I can't...
The calls can't really be as bad as they sound.
Can they?
They can?
Yes.
Open-line at Broward All 3 and Day.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pomp, 5.
Let's have a press conference.
Come on, let's get some illiterate joc on there
and have a God-damn press conference sounds good to me, huh?
Let's do it.
Before it's too God-damn late.
Where the hell is it?
One moment, please.
Here you go.
Oh, man.
It's a very, very, very, very bad thing.
Because, you know, it's terrible.
I think about fold, you know,
and then it'll loiter.
And it'll say, well, I can go flu.
And then it'll tell me, man, I'll do it.
I'll tell you, man.
I'll do it.
We'll sell it around.
I didn't do it.
I didn't do it.
I was trying to push, you know,
bumpers instead of being all over the bumpers.
And please, I didn't do it.
So, what about you?
You were like that, dude.
You know what I mean?
Oh, man, you should've been doing so much.
You should've been doing so much stuff at that time, man.
I didn't do nothing.
I was riding the back of the van.
I didn't do nothing.
I didn't do nothing.
I had to go to my house.
You know what?
But I didn't go to my house.
Because, you know, I probably had to go to my house.
I was going to go to my house.
You know what I'm saying?
I was doing nothing.
I was going to go to my house.
I was going to go to my house.
I used to go to my house every five to five minutes,
but I just panid watch off my traffic.
idea five six seven oh five sixty five five six the only eighteen two wireless
line it's your fault meal you're the problem you're the bad guy and i just
happened to be listening by accident today and it's no accident that you're
getting a bunch of morons like me because overall idiots out here it's your
fault being a bad guy we'd all be brilliant if you were just a nice guy you'd
be getting brilliant people call again saying very important things here's a
mobile implantation hello
i don't know the needl yes sir
uh... just a question if you if you'd please answer it
the reason i want to know the reason why you're so bitter toward god could
it be the cause of the time of god i'll be the picture out in the big bit
you want an answer you just want to make a speech
there is no such thing as god does that answer your question
well where did you come from where did i come from from my mother where did you
come from
where did you come from
from another human yes what does that have to do with god
so he created he created okay thank you sir a part that down okay he created
market that market at the day of the time he created
because it says about homosexuality quite frankly i don't read anything about
homosexuality if they maybe one or two lines in there written by a bunch of
superstitious assholes all of whom we're doing each other anyway
in fact that jesus was probably doing guys to but don't say that
all know don't say that
you can't be saying that
open line in the brown all three and eight five six seven oh five six
see there you go here that's part of neal being a bad guy because he's an
atheist because he doesn't want to believe in those fairy tales okay he knows a
few fairies but he doesn't want to believe in those fairy tales he just doesn't
want to march with the masses out there and thank god for that
every day i'm shaving there in the morning i look at the mirror and say thank
god i'm not just another lemon another one of these assholes go stepping
along with the morons
oh god he created he done this he done that and he also created mosquitoes and
he created god damn all kinds of horrendous things okay cancer
bulbonic plague very very tuberculosis you name it god created okay oh no
the devil on that well how come god let's the devil run around doing all this
crap that's what i'd like to know come up with a real good story about lucifer
and all these other bubble miceies in the devil with a pitch fork and tail
and all this other crap that even a three-year-old child will laugh you out of
the house tell him that kind of garbage he'd soon to believe sandy clauses
gonna come straight down the old square to her chimney like Peter North and
believe bubble a bubble miceies like that the devil made and do it yeah man
here so you're like a mug one man you must be must were you weren't born from
your mother you were like hatched under a rock like those people up there in
Nashville you called out for mother of god damn rock with your god horse crap
here's a mobile in water hill hello hello yes sir
Neil my opinion with this guy that killed the baby yeah first of all forced
concentrations isn't enough second of all well fair won't pay for divorce
lawyers they'll pay for child herself yeah that's why this man can go around
making all these kids even though he's a baby making machine sir he'd be a
baby man like he vander hollyfield he's another baby making machine there you go
let's hear it out running around just like a butterfly you know how they do
and they drop their appalling from on they make their little deposit huh what like
a bubble be whatever the hell they whatever kind of if you're into insects I'm
not whatever kind of he's butterflies they all pollinate well okay well there you
go they're pollinating they're picking it up and spreading it around they're
like a score scored squirtin it around making babies all over the place and then
of course so you know he's yeah I like that one line he's a strange from his wife
may still married to but a strange from and living with this other brought and
has three babies by her sounds like a making of a good Jerry spring there you go
Jerry spring are you listening there you go now if we can just find a few
trailer for people ain't doing anything on Wednesday get them in the audience
we have an open line in day one and Broward 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T
well see let's get down that's scraper way all the extraneous crap let's get
right down to it Neil is the son of a bitch okay we're listening out here
because we can't turn it off but Neil is a no good nasty miserable son of a
bitch okay and we can just make this house hysterical and psychotic and we
can't stand it and if he would only turn to God if he would only get with the
program and get with God and Jesus and Moses and all these other fairytale
figures that man made up if he would just get with that then we could say all
right we really like it then we listen and then then we admit that we listen
instead of have to make up all these stories and lies and pretend we only listen
once in a while by accident somebody's holding a gun to our heads here's a
mobile and Fort Lauderdale hello hi Neil last week now you were talking about
the rudeness of people at the arena and you had a caller and now I try to call
you for a week on this guy he told you in so many words he's he let his kids
run around and jump up and be annoying he said we have to deal with it he's an
angel I wanted to snap this guy yeah there's a wonderful new invention called
children's books that you could bring so there's a better there's a better
invention it's called a babysitter absolutely Neil you know little kids have
no I really believe they have no right to be in a facility like that if they
can't get an edge here that's unfair it's delicate he got to sit for three hours
right that's right I've got a kid you break your teeth it's a dude so we don't
ignore you know I wanted to snap this guy out of the
theater or grandma set him over to his house they'll be here I got so angry with
this guy he I had the goal to say something like that is beyond me there's no
people have to learn respect to other people's face in this world you know why
he had the balls to say that sir that's the American that's right yeah not a way
Neil okay thank you good luck to us because we got a real bad surprise coming
because it's not gonna stop is it no four minutes till noon is 560 WQM where
that's son of a bitch is on the air every day screwing up your good time that's
right I'll admit it I'm a miserable no good nasty son of a bitch ruining
everybody's sports and good time here on this station that's why they hired me
to come over here just to piss off those sports nerds like Barry Jackass over
there at the hero be a couch potato right his ramblings from the sofa this
morning hey Barry ever get off the couch no probably even takes a dump on the
couch a little piece of crap
god don't get yourself all worked up about it your flu will come back you get
like a relapse okay sorry
can't keep a packer in his pants
oh
right
there he was just a walk in on the sea saying
you know I did it there it done there it is a man from the land of calories
saying you know I did it there it done there it is he's good he's good
he been he is water into what final
the next thing I knew we had a name it out of hopes
Mans should stay back
Bloider
going to see and the
the
by
done
one
He walked down, walked down, who might talk?
My dog walked down, who might talk?
Then he cured a leper source.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, something's the son of God.
Oi.
Yes, they do, but there's other people thinking so odd.
Now he's the reason that we have any today's sin
and to know how dead it is, that it dumbed it out.
And he's the reason that all the Christians were saying
and to know how dead it is, that it dumbed it out.
They praise him, praise him, kneel down, kneel down,
praise him, and kneel down, the man who wore a thorny crown.
Do I dead it, did it dumbed it out?
Do I dead it, did it dumb, I'm the headdoon?
Do I dead it, did it dumb, he's the Jew?
Do I dead it, did it dumb, he's the Jew?
Do I dead it, did it dumb, he's the Jew?
Do I dead it, did it, he's the Jew?
Probably one is five sixty, but he died for our sins.
Don't you understand that?
We can wash our sins away if we just turn to Jesus.
Don't you understand that?
What's wrong with you, man?
He died for your sins on that cross
with the thorns and the hola, those prickly thorns.
Anyway, here's a grotesque story.
Mystery illness hits dog track, ties in with something I was talking about here last week.
The virus, this is Saint Petersburg.
The virus that killed six greyhounds at Derby Lane remains a medical mystery of the cause of it,
according to a pathologist who performed an autopsy on one of the dogs.
The 74-year-old Saint Petersburg track, Derby Lane, was closed on Saturday
and the wake of what one regular to call a bloody mess.
A small coughing spell among the dogs left six dogs dead and four others critically ill.
There were other reports of disease outbreaks of greyhound tracks in Hollywood and four Myers.
Because of the virus's scare, greyhound protection league, a San Francisco-based anti-racin group
has urged owners to impose a nationwide quarantine of the greyhound tracks.
The league's Tampa Bay Coordinator Janet Skinner said dietary problems and unsanitary conditions
could make animals in close quarters susceptible to infection.
Are you following that?
Unsanitary conditions and animals in close quarters.
You know how they like breed chickens?
You know, they have them all like milled around.
Then of course, those people say, all the wee rays are chickens in actual way
and they like get to scratch the ground and stuff like that.
As opposed to most of your chickens, which are like all like practically bread and a laboratory, you know?
All jammed in their real-pights, psychotic in the hysterical and like getting ready to get fluttered,
like a medial for not sooner.
So I mean, what's the difference?
You know, dogs, chickens, famelc stuff, cats.
We have an open line at day one in Broward, 5.670, 5.60, pound 5.60 on the mobile one line.
Hi Alia, hello.
Hi Neil. How are you doing?
Okay.
I'm a chronic.
Neil.
What? What does that mean?
I've called you quite a few times.
Nobody else seems to want to talk to you.
Yeah.
Okay, anyway, I just realized everything you ever said about the post office is very true.
Yeah, they suck.
They certainly do.
33 cents, by the way, you better get that extra penny on your postage, baby.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
How much did you came back from a couple of post offices here in High Alia?
Guess what?
They're out of one cent stamps.
How do you like that?
Uh-huh.
They got two cent stamps.
But no, well, there you go.
That's the way they're going to squeeze that extra penny out of you.
Now, you'll be paying 34 cents.
Everybody else will be paying 33, but you'll be paying 34, because they want to squeeze the extra penny out of you.
And they simply gave me the blank stare, like I just landed from Ross.
From your ring, that's right.
And the lady tells me, well, we have some locked up in the safe.
In the safe.
So I blew my top up in the safe.
Well, what are they locked up for?
A rainy day?
What are they waiting for?
When it first supervised it to open up the safe.
And there's 1500 people practically in this post office.
Yeah.
Well, finally, after I blew my top, I told her, give me a couple of these meter-male strids, whatever those little strids that come out.
And finally, oh, yeah, that's a good idea.
So I got those slow-throughs.
Yeah.
My letter's two cents.
Well, do a lot of the paper.
Do like I do.
Cut the penny bones and get yourself a postage meter.
It took me like three seconds yesterday to change from 32 to 33 cents.
I went in there.
I went, ah, like that.
There you go.
I wasn't too happy about it, but nevertheless, it's just 33 cents on there right now.
We have an open line that's Broward to a date, 56670560.560 on a mobile one line.
They're very quiet today.
It's another stop-floor to Monday.
They're real, real quiet.
And they're kind of dumb, but that's not unusual.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
How are you?
Okay.
You have to spread on the water polo game between you.
You see L.A., you get to see?
Yeah, they'll be at C-30.
They'll be putting that up.
Oh, okay.
Neil, this guy will kill this kid.
Strangled them or through the head against the crib or whatever.
Smashed his head against the wall.
Yeah.
You know, like you said, we ought to put him on TV and just do the same thing to him.
Crush his head.
You know, people around here say that we can say that all day, but that ain't going to happen.
People who have had an infant though, I mean, you know, if they're the crying baby, you just let it cry.
Yeah.
And it's like, you know, go turn their respiratory...
Again, you're missing the point.
This is the man who is living with a woman who he's had made three babies with,
who is still married to some other woman that he's estranged from.
And this man is being allowed to walk around on the loose, making babies.
He's a baby-making machine with no responsibility.
Hey, he has no prior.
No prior record of anything.
Yeah, well, he does now.
Of course he does.
And I'll tell you what, if anybody, he better be an isolation angel because...
Yeah, I wonder if I can take it out.
Hey, just what's going to happen?
They don't like baby killers too much in jail.
Good points, you're excellent.
Excellent reminder.
We have an open line, a day one in Broward.
566705, 60 and Palm 560 on the mobile one line.
And we'll have all kinds of psych colleges coming up.
And we'll have all kinds of studies they'll be doing.
And they'll be all these, you know, they'd like that crap,
they were Ellis Rubin on there again about that TV intoxication bull crap.
Yeah, we saw it on TV.
Therefore we did this, therefore we did that.
And we did some other grotesque.
We raped our little eight-year-old stepster
because we saw it on the Jerry Springer.
Right!
Anybody believe in it?
No.
No.
Just a few lawyers out there ready to take that on
and see how much money they can make from it.
Here's Daniel.
Hello?
Hi, Neil. How are you?
Okay, sir.
I wanted to tell you a first time caller, long time listener.
I wanted to know about your website.
Is it down or is it...
NeilRodgers.com is the only one still running.
The other one is history and we thank Coolio for the good job he did.
But that's gone.
NeilRodgers.com is there.
Oh, okay, great.
Because I really liked the last one.
It was fantastic.
Right.
Okay. Well, I do appreciate your time.
Okay, have a great day.
We have an open line.
And day one in Broward, 5.670, 5.50, Palm 5.60 on the mobile one line.
Anybody got any material out there for us today?
No.
Here's a high... wait a minute.
I'm on the wrong line but she'll do lady in Miami.
Hello?
Hi, Neil. Yes, ma'am.
I have a quick question.
Do you ever hear from Juan Mendeira?
I don't see him on Channel 7.
No, I don't. He's working for the county or something.
He got off at Channel 7.
Uh-oh.
He got a good job.
He's working for the establishment.
All right. Thanks, Neil.
Okay. Have a great day.
Okay. It's 80 questions today today.
Okay. You know, Fred Hall.
I used to be on it at your service.
No. No. No. No. No. No.
Yeah. How about that website?
Is that thing still on?
No. No. No.
How about the one man in the area?
He talked to you later.
No. No. Okay.
How about that old, uh,
Kuta used to come by?
No. How's Fred Rich?
He's still in the hospital?
No. No. He's home.
How's the arm can't do? And he's doing okay?
Yeah.
But he's doing okay.
Open line is powered to a date.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Hi, Neil. Hello?
Neil, God. Yes, sir.
Hello from Hailey.
See?
Uh, we have, uh, see.
What, uh, what a thing that I have is,
uh, most of these people that, um,
are accused of, uh, beating up, uh,
abusing other, their children.
Yes. Uh, I believe in, uh,
a very large quantity I couldn't say, uh,
more than 90 percent of these people are, uh,
public assistance, or other which welfare.
Uh, my suggestion is,
anybody and everybody who's on welfare should be, uh,
should be given one to two, uh, one to two child ratio, uh, both.
Why, why one to two?
How about, how about zero?
How about zero?
How about forced derelization?
And that forced exactly forced sterilization,
or, you know, in cases of, uh,
men, the sectarian women,
hysterectomy.
Now, most of the other way,
the forced, uh, sterilized men,
that's called castration.
Right.
That would not be.
But the, the reason why, uh,
I believe the, uh, has not taken place,
or does not have a general appeal to a public,
or being ignorant by, uh,
the churches or, uh, religious groups that are against,
not only, uh, ablations,
but there are also against, uh, sterilization of,
of people by church.
Yeah, there are against the family planning,
is what you're saying.
Planned parenthood God forbid.
We shouldn't do that because that means you have to educate people,
and we don't like that because we like that.
We want babies.
We want more babies,
or we can keep supporting this big,
million, nothing million dollar church.
Most high trillion dollar institutions,
corrupt institutions, correct?
Thank you, sir.
And God bless you.
Uh, God bless you.
Okay.
And even speed is yet that I'm working on.
We have all three lines open in date,
five, six, seven, oh five,
six, eight, and pound five,
six, six, and a mobile one line.
Why does God let these things happen?
That's our poll question today.
If there's a God in heaven,
why is God busy worrying about who's going to win the football game?
And they have all these athletes,
these Jack prayer brick,
but why is God listening to their bullcrap when this little baby,
this little helpless innocent baby,
getting her head smacked in the wall and dying dead?
Let's hear the answer to that from some of the God damned God people out there.
Okay.
Why is God maybe God has priority screwed up?
Is that possible?
Uh-huh.
Maybe you ought to keep us out of the locker room
and more into that guy's living room,
or Robert Haley in the kitchen.
No fighting will be posted, you moron.
Zyde on the WB.
The premiere of Where My Woman At.
Follow the hilarious misadventures of a white feeder
and his battered woman,
as she never gets the dinner on the table on time.
Bobby Brown and Whitney Houston star
with special guest, OJ.
It's tonight on the WB.
Oh, man.
Where My Woman At.
Anyway, at 1213 is 560 WQM2 open lines in Dave County.
We've got Hank coming up at your list,
take two at two o'clock,
books to where six Eddie Kay and a gambling show
at 10 o'clock tonight.
All at day dead as a dole nail,
567 O560,
pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Here's a lady in Coral Springs. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, ma'am. How are you?
Okay.
I left the weekend just a few minutes ago,
you talked about the Greyhounds.
Yes?
And the unnecessary slaughter in the bad conditions.
Yes?
Well, what about the unnecessary slaughter of harness horses?
And the...
What slaughter is that?
Where is that going on?
Well, what about the horses that don't make the racetrack?
No, they don't slaughter any.
I've never heard of any horse being slaughtered.
See, I hate to break the news to you.
They've become as a shock.
But horses only reproduce like one at a time, not in a living.
Yeah, if they were eight at a time,
they'd be more slaughtered.
You don't...
You never see those 2020 magazine shows
when they're shot in the head and used for horses.
No, I've never heard of that.
Well, they get this horse meat.
Yeah, okay.
Or eat this, okay?
Idiot.
What was that?
Was that a man or woman
or something of an undetermined origin?
Okay, we have an open line in the Broward and All-Tree and then.
And by the way, horse meat isn't that bad.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
We were talking about that on the Friday.
I was telling the horse meat and all that bad.
So I hear you first.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60 and 05, 60 on the mobile one line.
Two calls left on the board.
Here's a four-later deal.
Hello.
Four-later deal.
Okay, they're gone.
Like I said, one call.
Here's a lady mobile in Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How are you?
Okay, take your time.
You were my last call of the week.
Okay.
Here, let's see here.
You were talking earlier with some people like, hey, how so is Owen?
Yes, and no questions they were asking you.
Didn't know if you'd heard about Jennifer Ren.
Remember your buddy, Jennifer Ren?
Yes.
I think she's up in Palm Beach here.
Yeah, I know that.
Yes, we are.
Well, over there.
We keep in touch with Jennifer.
Oh, okay, okay.
I thought she was a buddy of yours.
She was really sweet.
I remember she was a fan of yours and you're a fan of hers.
And my wife is not seeing you.
She was up here doing...
Yes, I do.
She's been there a long time.
And we've known that for a long time.
And have a long, long, long day.
Okay, we have an open-line at Broward and all three in date.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, hot 5, 60 on small chat.
Let's make some small talk today.
Okay.
Hey, by the way, you hear about Dan Stewart, how's he doing?
Oh, we're fine.
And you hear about that, yeah.
I wasn't going to say that.
Here's a mobile and cutler raid, Chellow.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I was asking about all the God people there.
The answer to your question is God works in the serious way.
There we go.
He works in mysterious ways.
Don't ask in these questions because it makes us very upset.
That's their answer for everything.
Yeah.
You notice every time I bring one of these things up,
there's never one person out there who can answer.
You know, you know, you want to two like that Jack asked to call before.
It wants to go on the attack.
But when you ask them to give you a rational answer, they can't do it.
Because it's garbage and they know it's garbage,
but they have no brain left.
That's exactly it.
It's not something to reason and to function when they have no brain left.
They've allowed the brain to be stolen from them.
Well, that's their answer when they don't have an answer.
God, work in the serious way.
That's why you're also here that looks in the serious ways too, as well.
Here, we have an open line at Howard, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
0, 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
See, under DNH, under Duno harm,
this guy doesn't get a reprieve, like the born again Christians with that bullcraft buff.
Well, if he would accept Jesus, then no matter what he does,
it's okay like Hitler, that bullcraft.
No DNH, we don't allow that, okay?
You did no chances.
Once you do something violent and grotesque and unacceptable like that,
it's like, uh, yeah.
And that's the way it works.
Here's a lady, mobile and Hollywood. Hello.
Hi, Neil. How are you?
Okay.
I'm calling to let you know my husband,
I really miss seeing you on TV, everything.
Well, forget about that. That's, that's me.
In another question, I haven't been able to hear you too much because I worked
during the day and when I love to play radio,
but have you been still watching guiding rights?
Yes, today I'm glad you mentioned that today is going to be the big day.
Who is in that bed that Riva and Josh saw at the end of the show on Friday?
Well, you talk about keeping it hanging over the weekend.
I think Terry.
Terry, you mean, yeah, somebody looks just like Terry.
The one that, uh, the, the real, the real, the real Terry, yeah.
Yeah.
So in other words, she stole her identity and her face.
That's what she said, don't you remember?
Yeah. So it's amazing how the original Annie,
remember how she used to be a real big broad with a big head.
And she turned to this mouthy-looking thing.
And she also had a real big chest too, as I remember.
Right. Right. She had these huge hooters.
Now she's like, I got raised in F's.
Yeah. Don't you wonder what's going on?
She must have got a facelift and a body lift too.
Yeah. But who knows what's going on?
Well, if it's good enough for her, I'm going to find out where she got it.
Wait, and what do you think about, I just want to know,
because I know you West Guy line is just really irritating me.
You think that when they took the other Michelle Barrett,
they put the original girl.
They put the rea-the-play rea-the-clone as a little girl on there.
And she is the ugly one for most obnoxious.
How could you take somebody as beautiful as Michelle
and put an actress on a little girl that looks like somebody just ran over
with a goddamn two by four?
Yeah. And like, we would not figure it out.
Like, we wouldn't know what we're going on.
Yeah. Well, we're a little slow.
You know, they know that sooner or later we'll accept anything.
Well, you know what?
I'm still watching.
Believe it or not, I've called out to you.
The wedding light you got hotline.
Yeah.
And I have complained.
Well, I tell them we want Jay and Zach back too.
Well, you got India back. What do you think of that?
Forget it. Have a great day.
Okay.
Okay, I'll be watching a three.
And by the way, Billy, butch him up a little bit.
Give him some butch pills.
We have an open line in Broward, 5667-0560,
pound 560 on a mobile one month.
We're looking for the actress, ladies and gentlemen.
We want the word of God here today to tell us how come this little girl
got killed by this barbaric piece of crap
who's running around making babies.
See, this is the social thing in America today.
We got everybody's talking about all this other bull crap
but it's amazing about the president getting blow jobs.
But at the meantime, you know, the president
that make any babies by getting blow jobs?
No.
No.
See, I hate to break the news here for Junior.
People who get pregnant from blow jobs.
They might get a stained dresser to here or there,
but they don't get pregnant.
So maybe he was doing the smart thing.
Maybe the president was giving a lesson to all the young people
in this country about safe sex, huh?
About those other ways of getting your rocks off
besides intercourse.
There you go.
What's wrong with that?
I think a lot of these guys in Congress
might take a lesson from that who are now
attending that they got illegitimate kids from years ago
like Dan, coach, etc. and so on.
How do you like that?
Here's South Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I'd like to talk about Jim Mandish.
You know, if you had someone...
Well, call him and talk to Jim Mandish, okay?
Talk to Jim Mandish about Jim Mandish.
Oh, right.
Don't be here calling in this show like the guy
that tried to give me a shot at Hank last week.
Show some balls.
He'll be on the station on the weekend
or fill in for Hank or wherever he's on.
Call up Jim Mandish and talk to him, okay?
Jim Mandish is great.
Jim Mandish is guy.
You must have had with Jim Mandish on this show.
You must have had with the wrong guy, right?
Yeah.
You bet.
Jackass.
We have an open line that maybe he was going to say something good about him.
I don't want to talk about Jim Mandish.
We have an open line of day, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
on a mobile one line.
You sports losers, losers, losers.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing now?
Okay, sir.
Hey, I'm a good guy.
We ought to get these guys.
And people would do stuff like that with the kids and just as strong.
But they would take them out of government.
You know what I mean?
Do the long of the state.
Yeah.
I started the first degree murder.
You can believe when he got a court,
they're going to reduce down part of the manslaughter.
Yeah.
You mean to do it.
You know, they're going to get away with that.
You're going to the devil made him do it.
Yeah, they're going to say, they're going to get a student.
You know what I mean?
Maybe it's just off because his team was losing whatever gaming light had been watching
on the team.
Yeah, I got it.
Yeah, yeah.
You know what I mean?
Hey, I want to see what does my bulk man learn here.
I know he's listening right now.
Okay.
All right.
All right.
See ya.
What he said?
We have two open lines in day five, six, seven, oh five, 60 and five, five, 60 on a mobile
one line.
Let's get with the program here.
Let's get the God answers in here.
Come on.
I'm waiting.
I'll listen very patiently and very respectfully.
Okay.
When one of the messengers of God calls into inform all of us how God sits back and lets this
go test barbaric stuff goes on and doesn't intercede, doesn't reach down.
It is magic wand or magic finger or whatever he's got and protect his little child as defensive
little baby.
I'm waiting on it.
Okay.
All these other people are going to the answers that quote all of these bubble mice, all this mumbo jumbo
scripture bull crap.
I'm waiting for something that makes them sense that living and breathing people can relate to.
Instead of a lot of crap that was written by stupid ignorant people thousands of years ago.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
I know a little.
Yes sir.
I like to be down a couple of subjects.
Okay.
Either way.
I hope that guy that killed the kid.
I hope they make a golden blade interchange out of his shoe when he gets to jail.
All right.
Also, I think I know what's making the drivers in Miami crazy.
I live over by the airport.
Yeah.
The tourists that want to read their map in the middle of roads like Lajoon.
They're off to be a law.
Yeah.
You know, the tripers are coming.
They're not making the driver's crazy.
In fact, they sit in like a glove here.
There's a perfect place for them.
If you're a bad driver, come to town.
You'll fit right in there.
If you even know you're a tourist.
I know Miami's making lots of money off it.
But until I get home, the market answer says to me, we got our tourist tolerance checked mail today.
We can eat out.
They're going to continue to get the international final English number one and not on for me.
Okay.
Good luck to you, sir.
There's the way to solve it.
Just call a chamber com.
Or some stop advertising.
Let's tell tourists you're not welcome here.
There you go.
State counties open 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line.
All 400 lines in date waiting on you.
We're still waiting for that message from.
Deal.
God.
We're waiting for a very reasonable answer.
Okay.
Come on.
I know he works in mysterious ways.
But let's put it in words that we can all understand.
Because we're a little bit slow, I guess.
It was a little more binding.
All your bullcrap.
We're a little bit slow.
Here's a mobile in Lauderdale Lake.
Hello.
Hi.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Great job.
Fairly a little listener.
Listen.
I just want to tell you about a bumper sticker.
I saw the other day.
Yeah.
It's not them all.
It's that on an emergency, your first call should be to Jesus.
Not the 911.
Oh.
There you go.
I mean, it's like maybe it maybe if the this guy after we lost his temper and beat this little kids head into the wall.
If he would have just called out for Jesus, maybe she'd still be alive today.
Yeah, that or he went.
Jesus, could I call 911?
Yeah, there you go.
Hey.
Can you play Gordon as gay?
Hi.
How would you play the certain have a great life?
Okay.
And play scored and is pretty pissed off a lot of two, by the way.
Or is it galeboard?
Now keep getting confused.
We have an open line at day one in Broward, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0.5, 60 on a mobile online.
Where's Brad from Tony's with that soup, by the way, even a Brad.
Oh, I know.
What?
Polishing over here.
Well, polishing over here from that, you know, our good friends at Tony's, Brad is sent and sent over here with that soup and whatever you got.
Because I need my soup bad.
Actually, I'm, you know, a little, make it a little bit of progress.
It's slow.
And like the doctor says, it waxes and wings.
God, that's my favorite expression that they use.
It waxes and wanes.
In other words, we really don't know what it is, but it'll come and go.
And if you're lucky, you'll still be alive.
Don't take it personal, Doc.
But it's getting a little bit old, you know what I'm saying?
I'm just going to go home and take 20 or 30 Benadrill.
So be ready tomorrow.
Here's a mobile in Pompeyne.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes?
Hi.
I'm calling about two things.
One about the little girl.
I happen to be a mother of three.
Yes?
And I work every day of my life to make a living.
And I believe in my heart.
The reason that they just keep killing these things off.
They don't do nothing about it.
It is, it is let these people go around and breed whoever they want to breed.
And raise these babies so they can collect a little bit more welfare every day.
Uh-huh.
And I was the other issue there with on the horses.
I work at the racetrack.
We have stable horses at the racetrack.
And these horses live a pretty good life over here.
And then they go out to adoption agencies.
So where there was just some bed out of shape dog track person that was calling and making up a bunch of bullcrap?
Yeah, well, she's getting her act together.
All you have to do is bring up anything about the dog traction about how barbaric this thing is.
And with all the puppies that they keep breeding and gassing.
And right away they start going on the attack because they can't defend it because they know that it's true.
Right.
Well, I just wanted to call and tell you them two things.
And that's the way I really feel about the little girl and about the horses and have a great day.
Okay, and back to you.
Okay, we have an open line in day one and Howard five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line.
With Sodom who sang was over there doing the poison gas number on the curbs on his own people in a wreck.
How come God didn't stick his magic wand in there or intercept that poison gas a miracle?
How come all those miracles used to happen there a thousand years ago when all those superstitious primitive people were alive?
Well, those people are Muslims.
Yeah.
Oh, it's a wrong God.
How come what's his name didn't do it?
How come a Muhammad Ali didn't do it?
Huh?
Elijah Muhammad Ali.
How come he didn't stick his magic to oh, that's right.
He's not feeling too good.
Twenty six past noon at five sixty WQM.
I'm going to tell you this Mike Tyson thing.
Anybody in this audience and I know you're going to do it.
You probably won't even admit it.
Anybody in this audience that's going to wind up paying fifty bucks for the bum of the month by this Saturday.
Man, they ought to come to your house and take you away and put you in a rubber room.
They ought to put you in a goddamn rubber.
People are starving to death.
Okay, we all waste a lot of money on a lot of frivolous stuff.
But anybody that's going to pay fifty bucks on end, then you might as well have a goddamn bonfire in the backyard.
Oh, no, you're ruining our good time, God damn it.
You didn't understand.
You're just not a real man.
Thank God.
Twenty six past noon at five sixty QM.
See, that's the Peter or L factor to that.
That's why they won't call me about that.
See, they figure that a real athlete.
He's a guy, the big, big guy that goes out there and beats us not out everybody else.
That's what real sports is all about.
Especially when he picks out a good bond and guy comes up to his perfect.
That's always a real tremendous fight.
Holy cow, Aaron's coming.
Every third Christian knows it came to play.
It's not so very hard to do.
Oh, the name of the game is the Bible says.
The Bible says,
If you look closely to where we do,
Some people you know the way.
If I step to your heart,
Make their possessions away.
And then you burn it down.
You can get somebody to believe anything
If you make the Bible say it's true.
No matter what you do, you can speak your heart.
The Lord's the lowest forgetes you.
Dig up the poison in his name.
The Bible says,
Wave it all around.
The Bible says.
Find the fortune's limit.
The Bible says.
And shoot a doctor down.
Everybody, play a warning, say,
Okay?
Come on, you jump to the public.
Be so proud that it's your kid.
Oh, right.
You're doing the right of me now.
Don't ask him to come in.
The Bible says.
And touch the leg of God.
I don't want to shake him, say.
The Bible says.
You make the sacrifice.
You set the...
Company 105 50 WQM.
Force sterilization is our topic today.
Any volunteers out there so far?
No.
We have an open line.
It's powered to a date, 56670560.560,
on the mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello?
Yeah, new.
Yes, sir.
Here's a little insight as to maybe why you're not getting any of these, um,
Godfather who's to answer your question.
They're out there, sir.
They're listening.
Oh, they're listening, but I was reading an article yesterday that,
this Madonna started doing this cabala.
The interest in it has almost quadrupled.
Class is popping up at us.
All right.
What's with all your driving?
Yeah, you asshole.
Shit.
Sorry.
So that's a little perspective.
That's the white okay, any of that?
Yeah.
Um, man, this lady's gonna hit me.
Okay, good.
Good luck, you, sir.
Tell her she's gonna rot in hell.
We have an open line in the Broward to a date, 56670560.560 on the mobile one line.
All, you know, and you notice, they're out there listening because every now and then,
when they're in the right mood or when somebody tells them to, they'll call up,
oh, you're gonna burn in hell and they'll condemn me and, you know, spew their venom on me.
But when you ask a very reasonable question, which somebody asked a little while ago,
they've gotten a response to it.
Just, you know, just abusing and heaping a lot of score on somebody.
Any asshole can do that.
But having a rational conversation or trying to explain something to support your point of view,
well, that takes a little bit of common sense and brain, which if you had that in the first place,
you wouldn't be believing all that horse crap.
Here's a mobile and Evan Ture.
Hello.
Hey, Neal, how you doing?
Okay.
No, don't forget about God.
We need to take matters into our own hands.
Yeah.
We need to change the rules.
We need to cut their peckers off.
Yeah.
Whenever they murder a kid or rape anybody, I promise you that'll be a great deterrent.
I don't think he's got a pet though.
I didn't know if there's anything about a burden to your story.
We have an open line in the brown, all three in date, 5.6705.
60, 05.60 on the mobile one line.
Two lines left on the board here.
We are really smoking here for a Monday, baby.
We've got the heavy, doony crap going on.
Now, there's still no response out of these dead heads out there.
Because you really put the pedal to the metal and you put the test to them and they can't respond.
That's the problem.
Anybody can call up anonymously on a goddamn talk show.
That, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, you know,
and start doing their verbal attack and their attack then.
But when you ask them something specific and say, okay, put your goddamn brain where your mouth is.
Can they do it?
No, they can't.
Because there are a bunch of brainwash simpletons is what it's all about.
Those are the masses out there.
Brainwash-simpled.
And somebody else told them about your bullcrap.
Oh, okay, that's not good to me.
Whatever you say.
Here's a mobile in the home sound.
Hello.
Uncle Neal.
Yes, sir.
How are you, sir?
Okay.
I'm a former seminary student and a, a, a conformer, uh, reverted born again Christian.
Reverted?
I'm, I'm, I'm happy to announce that, uh, reverted the sanity.
I, I, yes, I decided that I can actually take responsibility for my own life and make money.
Getting a sitting ovation in here, sir.
Thank you, sir.
So, hopefully you and I will bring in hell together.
Uh, uh, in answer to the question about, uh, I think that the problem, Neal, is that, uh, let's see, you've got some, uh, some woman with an alcoholic, uh, wife, Peter for a husband whose, uh,
a, a, a, a, a, a child and, uh, the only way that she's gonna overcome that stuff is through, uh, months or perhaps even years of therapy and, and really self, self-insight and, and work and,
or she can just accept the Lord Jesus as savior.
Mm-hmm.
That's a lot of that's it.
Right.
Take care of it in about a half an hour.
So, uh, but the thing I call Neal, excuse me, is that with the, uh, the movement coming up, um, you've got all these group,
not there in Israel and going to the end of the world.
Right.
Of course, the world is, uh, crazy if you, uh, let's talk about most of the people that are paranoid about the Y2K problem.
Most of those people are crazy in the bedbugs, you know, focus, focus.
See, as soon as, you know, everybody's superstitious to a point, you know, walking under a ladder or the number of 13,
and, you know, they're fun little things you can be superstitious about.
But when it controls your life and you start doing things in an aberrant way because you're so superstitious that you become just totally, uh, out of control,
then we got real problems.
Exactly.
What if there's a messenger of God?
I would say that Charles Fencekin is probably his, uh, his poor runner.
Okay, and have a great life.
Thank you.
Okay.
At least they, Charles, templeed under he say, you son of a bitch.
Charles Heston.
We have an open line in, uh, date 5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's a fort, uh, Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
That's a new nail.
Yes, sir.
You hear about, uh, an A1A just north of, uh, the Osborough Bridge.
Big tall letters along the fence.
So it's convict Clinton.
No, he did not.
Well, it's there and it's mounted in there.
It's all, it's a canvas.
Yeah.
Big four foot letter.
Okay, well, thanks for the good news.
Okay, we have two open lines of day two and Howard 5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 on mobile.
Do you hear about it, George?
You hear about it?
All right, let me get, let me have a finger away up in there.
You hear about it?
No, I, look at that.
Jesus.
Look at that one.
That's been in there for about two years, I think.
Woof!
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
I'm doing great.
The audience is very much out of the weather.
They're collectively ill today.
I have a real, serious problem.
You really believe that we live in paradise?
Meaning what?
Meaning you ask a question about God.
I mean, what does God have to do with paradise?
What is the only paradise?
The only paradise I see are hanging from a rearview mirror in a lot of cars,
the Puerto Ricans especially, for that few of that enough.
Seriously, I mean, do you believe that this is heaven?
There is no such thing as heaven, sir.
There's no such thing as heaven.
No.
But then, so let me ask you a question.
Where is heaven?
Have you no heaven?
Sure, let me ask you.
And don't ask.
Have you no answer a question with a question?
Where is heaven?
Where is heaven?
Yeah.
Heaven happens to be the world beyond.
And if you don't believe there's a world beyond, then prove to me that there is a world
that should have asked to be the world beyond.
Oh, for the greatest one.
Sure, there's a gigantic green monster stuck deep inside your rectum.
And if you don't believe there's a gigantic green monster stuck inside the rectum, then prove it to me.
Okay?
They always love to do that.
Yeah, I'm going to propose a whole bunch of fairy tales.
And you have to prove it to me that it's not true.
Prove to me there's no God.
Prove to me there's no heaven.
Prove to me there's no big, uh, whatever it is that he's talking about.
Unbeatable, levable, very sad.
And almost the sad is the fact I got one call left on the board.
One call left on the board here on the day when we're really putting you to the challenge.
The $64,000 challenge.
That's the best we can do as a bozo like him.
Prove it to me that it's not there.
There's a God then.
There's a beetle.
There's a beetle that looks just like John Lennon, stuck inside your navel right now.
Prove to me it's not there.
It's inside pal.
Prove to me it's not there.
And it's going to walk its way all the way down to your neck.
Okay, prove to me it's not in there, man.
You better go get yourself sliced open right now.
Get that damn beetle out there before John Lennon does some bad stuff you, okay?
Before you start imagining that you got John Lennon inside your body.
Crazy people.
It's that crazy, hocus, pokus, baby.
It's out there.
Don't you believe it's out there?
No.
Oh, paradise.
Let me say it again.
You see it all over town.
Lots of rearview mirrors.
Paradise hanging from them.
Go out to Vegas.
You see your paradise.
I've even got a street name paradise out there.
And compared to here, believe me it is paradise.
22 till 1 at 5.60 WQA.
And I think maybe tomorrow morning if Ray Perry shows up down here we'll talk to him about paradise
because while at these people here they talk a good game.
And then did they deliver?
No, they don't.
They just don't care.
Like the science has me at the room.
Just give us the F-C-K-I-N-G money is what it says.
That's what it says.
Just give us the F-ing money.
Oh, you got it.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
And pop, come it.
And pop, come it.
And pop, come it.
That's the place for me.
I got my brand new Nike Penum.
And it's his eye.
A poison cello with the rest of the guy.
We're going to a station.
The candy scene.
Our schools will be taken by a particle beam.
The Federation is the only thing.
The father of thee you got to sit down to be.
You know, I think the poison is a second knee.
It's a hell by the time the poor me and he.
Who is my soup god?
Damn it.
Did they ever come on a line over there or what?
Well, I'll tell you one thing.
They're good friends of ours over there.
Brad and Tony's.
All those people but this soup is the slowest soup.
I bet you when it gets here, it's going to be the best ever.
You think so?
You think it's going to be?
No.
Maybe he ate it on the way.
We have an open line at Broward 2 and Day.
We shouldn't have any open lines.
These lines ought to be smoking here today, man.
They ought to be on fire.
As in that lake of fire that most of you are going to be burning that.
Because you don't know what you're talking about.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
That's what gets god pissed off when people like you come to the pearly gates.
And they ask the first question.
And you go, like that.
You're out.
You're going to be burning in just a matter of moments.
You'll be on that shuttle straight to hell.
Here's plantation.
Hello.
Okay.
Have a nice day to you too.
Here's a mobile in Halea.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I have a response to where heaven is.
Yeah.
I think it's between...
Yeah, you're Mars and Uranus.
Yeah.
Open line and of Day 2 and Broward.
500 and Broward.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
What's the story with the Zupa, huh?
They got shined by one of their drivers.
So it's on its way.
Oh, jeez.
We don't want to get up step right because you've been very nice to us.
We give you a lot of free plugs up there at Tony's.
And your food is really sensational.
And it's super really hits the spot when you're a little bit on the weather like most of us are.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 0, 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
You better call right away where I'm going to put on that goddamn billpark self-press conference again, okay?
In fact, better than that will follow it up with a press conference with somebody who's so illiterate that you won't be able to understand a word they'd be saying, okay?
If you don't get with the program.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How are you, Neil?
Okay.
You know, I was going to ask a caller from my job here.
Craig Schoer was always.
And I always want my lunch break and listen to you.
What happened to our microneary?
Okay.
We have an open line in the day.
We made all three of them 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 0, 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hi.
Yes, sir.
I just had a comment to make about that.
I just think that the people that aren't calling up to defend their religion is horribly sad because they're not bright enough to defend it.
Well, wait a minute.
Then how can those people, the judgemental ones out there, who are always condemning all the rest of us because we don't share their fairy tales?
How come those people can do that?
But they can't defend their beliefs.
How is that possible?
I just don't know.
See, and of course, when you ask a question like where is God when something horrendous and grotesque like this happens, like when Susan Smith's kids were drowning in that car, where was God the intervene?
I mean, even Superman would have come down and lifted the car out of the God the water.
Well, it'd be easier to believe in Superman, Neil.
If you got out of the wheelchair, even he could have done it.
Right.
Okay, sir. Have a great day.
Yeah, we're waiting on you, you're spineless, coward.
You don't have the courage, your own convictions. That's the problem.
Easy to talk a good game when you talk in glittering generalities.
Could you have been brainwashed with a bunch of bubblegum iceies like these poor kids?
I'm just tears my heart out.
When I see these people walking around with those beanies on their head.
That's why I used to wear them on a stupid TV show to make a point.
And you know something?
Nobody who saw the show got the point.
They didn't get it.
People would come out, oh, where's your yarmulka tonight?
They didn't even get it.
The point that I was trying to make.
So you don't try to do anything subtle in this town because it goes right on their heads instead of over them.
Like a yarmulka.
Why do you make your kids walk around the subject of ridicule and scorn like there's something out of the stone age?
And then the orthodox who were walking around with a payah sum of the Jesus Christ,
get into the guy named 20th century, will you?
5, 6, 7.
Look at this board. This is impossible.
This is absolutely impossible.
That we have such a button that there's anybody listening to this radio station who knows more than just where do they put the jock straps on in the dolphin locker room.
If there's anybody beside that, they sure, you know what we ought to do?
I'll tell you what, I'm just going to get them to pay me for these next four years and we'll just play all the press conferences between 10 and 2 every day.
Then we don't have to waste all that time on the other show.
You know what I'm saying?
That's right. They'll believe them all the good time to do the good stuff, take all those brilliant sports calls.
We'll just run the press conferences back to back here every day from 10 to 2.
That's what you're going to get.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Pemberpine, Zilla.
Mobile in Pemberpine, yes sir.
Hey, now how you doing?
Okay.
Okay, I work for a local government and they come by for the United Way and ask, you know, would you like to fill this out for a walk in the over?
I hate that every way, yeah.
So also, I'm looking, I'm constantly going to come up with a problem that says, yeah, do you have anything for a stay in the tutoring program?
And do you give me this, like, look like, no, we don't do that.
Why not?
I know, that's why I said, why don't you have a phone?
How about something instructive?
Really?
Instead of giving money to a lot of charities where about 80% of it goes to bureaucratic bulk crap and very little of it goes to anything worthwhile, like the United Way.
Yeah, I'm a firefighter and we get this call from the children of the youth call.
We end up going to hospital.
The HRS shows up.
It's January 3rd and it goes, yeah, this is my 300th and 7th complaint for the state already in the only January 3rd.
And the 307 calls are a for child abuse already in the only January 3rd.
Yeah, well, Lord must be busy, but, you know, certainly odds on those football games.
Yeah, no.
You must be getting ready for that big Super Bowl in the sky, you know, that's not far off.
Well, one other thing is the fact that the church, the thing is, you know, they don't want to have birth control.
You know, they want to have all these kids.
It's amazing. No birth control, you know, no abortion, no, none of that can happen.
Forced poverty, but the church likes the numbers, though, pal.
Okay, I have a great day in the FSA, man.
Forced their lives.
Forced their organization association.
That's our new authority.
FSA.
FSS.
Forced their organization society of America.
FASSA.
That's right.
We can snip you faster than you can make them.
We have an open line in day five six seven, oh five 60, pump five 60 on the mobile one line.
What's wrong with that?
Makes too much goddamn sense, doesn't it?
Huh?
Start sterilizing these people.
These irresponsible lunatics.
And they're including a lot of your jocks that on you guys were a washer ball and idolize.
That's right.
They're running around like I said, pollinating.
They're making a baby over here and making a baby over there.
And then every now and then they beat up the baby or they beat up the woman.
They're woman or both.
Or like, oh, Jay, they just, you know, they get a little bit too pissed off.
Here's a mobile in Kindle.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I've got a question for your religious buddies out there.
You'll never get an answer, but I'll go ahead.
Question is, why did God pick a married woman to have his son?
Why couldn't he have picked someone?
And he had his choice, right?
Why couldn't he pick a woman that wasn't married?
Yeah.
Because that wasn't married?
It wasn't married.
Yeah, married.
The other thing is too.
We're supposed to be all God's children.
Aren't we God's children?
Would you treat your children the way God treats his?
No, I would not.
So that makes up better than God, doesn't it?
Definitely.
Well, they made up these fairy tales, Paul.
They made up a really sick twisted God.
This God that gets pissed off and his rap show backs off.
And he's always punishing.
And he's always got the...
And then Pat Robertson comes running around.
Oh, you fags better stuff, but those signs up there in Orlando
because we're going to get all those hurricanes blown through there and all those other crap.
Yeah, there's a lot of blow-ung going on, Pat.
I think most of your people are the ones who are doing it.
We have an open line at day five, six, seven.
The soup is here, by the way.
Oh, God!
Now we're talking important stuff.
Forget these stupid bonehead calls.
We got soup.
We got a little bit of a penicillin here, baby.
Orthodox Jewish penicillin, even got a little diarmica right on top of it.
Here's North Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Okay. Good to you as always.
I'd like to make a famous request.
Could you please...
We have an open line in two of men's days.
Five, six, seven, eight, five, six, eight, five, six,
the other mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Bokeh.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, this meal?
Yes, it is.
Meal, down.
I'm from a long time listener.
I just came down from Massachusetts about two years ago.
And a call on Friday about a guy with kosher water and a casino sort of typifies the self-floor experience.
Yeah, that's right.
I love that.
I love that.
Thank you.
He tried to pedal kosher water to the masses.
That didn't work.
And so now he's doing bogus a casino.
It isn't really a casino.
And then try to stick you under a accruciate.
And of course, like everybody else trying to use this show to promote the fun and the hanky-panky.
Open line in Broward to and date.
Five, six, seven, eight, five, six, eight, five, six, eight, five, six, eight,
and then I'm running on here pretty soon.
No one this sells off it.
Yeah.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Painial.
Yes, sir.
Happy New Year.
Back to you.
I raised the Jew.
There is no God.
I believe, basically.
And I want to be a macarena for the first time yesterday.
Mm-hmm.
To circus.
Oh, to see the circus.
Yeah.
Thanks again, by the way, to the BSL.
We're holding up the traffic for 10 minutes so the circus could bring all our elephants and crap in there.
That was a nightmare.
That was real nice.
Thanks a lot, guys.
The seats are a little bit small.
I didn't believe everything that everybody said.
In the corners, the seats are very small.
You have to have those baby seats.
In fact, what they added to it was to take the corners to make everybody happy and put all the little infants that people bring with them.
Stick their ass in the corners.
Their seats will fit in those seats perfectly.
I have a little baby sitters controlling them during the game and then left the rest of the seat again.
I had to relocate my beeper.
It kept popping off.
That was the only problem.
But no, you know, it was nice.
Yeah.
So that's it.
Have a great day.
Okay, back to you.
Whatever that means.
Okay, it was nice.
You like the circus?
It was nice.
I didn't have to worry about the red light going on, about the clock, all the other stuff.
Because there's nothing that has to do with hockey that works right in the arena.
It's all the other extraneous stuff because they know there's no real hockey fans.
Anyways, that's that painting the ass on the radio.
Date County, all three lines waiting on your 5667-0560, pound 560 on a mobile one line.
Mobile in Hialeah.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm not going to say the word decaf, dude.
You have two subjects real quick.
One is for all the religious fanatics.
If God made it, created us, He also created the devil.
He also created the abuse of people out there.
How do they explain to God like that?
But the God that they have, the Bible is supposed to be a loving God.
You know, the loving God.
How does God permit this kind of crap to go on?
He made it.
God is truly powerful.
He would intercede.
You know, we saw that in Superman.
We saw it in Batman.
We saw it all in Captain Marvel.
They would intercede and they wouldn't allow these evil things to go on.
That's true.
The other thing is, did you read them the Herald Editorials on Sunday?
About interesting thing about Trent Lott.
And the group that he's affiliated with is a white supremacist thing that he suddenly says,
Oh, I didn't know that.
He didn't really mean it.
Just like Robert Bird, by the way, used to be a member of the Ku Klux Klan.
You are aware of that, sir.
No, it wasn't.
Many, many years ago.
Very strangely.
And now, of course, Robert Bird is, you know, he's holier than now.
And he's the guru of the Senate.
He's 150 years old.
He seen the evil of his ways.
He also, he also chaired a appropriations committee in which half of all the money is given out.
We're with his state of West Virginia.
And they have like a fraction of the roadways that the rest of us do.
Well, maybe they got all that.
We have the appropriations committee.
We all have the procreation committee, sir.
And they ought to do the FSF, the Force, the Realization Society.
Immediately, if not sooner, and thank you so much.
As in hypocritical right-wing bullcrap artist, Trent Lott.
Although, to be honest, we're the heat-turning out to be fairly moderate compared to some of these other guys.
We have an open line, see, I guess Pat, you can't do this in satisfied.
You know, he's got all his buddies there.
He's got all his right-wingers in the house.
And they're all in there, I guess, making them an offer they can't refuse.
Oh, yeah, witness is, whatever you say.
Take that gun off my temple, just like the Tommy Dorsey thing with Frank Sinatra.
Take that gun off my temple.
And I'll think, I think we're reading those witnesses real bad.
I mean, how can the media sit back and not, you know, do they have all timers?
Is that what it is?
We're all supposed to forget about Henry Hyde and all those other right-wing Republicans in the house.
We're screaming in the oven, we don't need any witnesses.
It's all on the record, we have the grand jury testimony.
And now we're all supposed to forget about it, is that it?
Uh-huh.
So they could drag it out in hopes that during the weeks that they drag it out,
another one of these Jane Does or somebody's going to come forward.
Jane Doe, number 500. What are you reading, by the way?
Veal Plum, sub.
Oh, good soup, by the way.
Thanks a lot, Brad or Tony or whatever, how your name is?
Better late than never.
Here's a lady in Coral Springs. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Two things.
How come you can go and murder a whole entire country?
And on your deathbed, you can beg forgiveness and still go to heaven.
Because Jesus sent so, that's why.
But that's not right.
Well, any, look, any logical, rational person would never accept such nonsense.
But people who obviously have no brain left in their head,
they, oh yeah, that makes sense to me, because all you got to do is accept the Lord,
and yaddy, yaddy, yaddy, yaddy, right?
Right, and you can do anything you want, but as long as you beg forgiveness,
that's okay.
This is a very convenient way to say that they fall in, you know, they always forgive.
They forgive the sinner as long as he repents and is born again.
Then he's okay, no matter what it is that he did, like a whole.
Right.
If OJ accepted Jesus tomorrow, then we can forget about the call and the Ron Colman,
and now he's a good guy and put it back on NBC.
Yep.
The second thing, I fact-shoe some pages today from that book, Pros and Cons.
Yeah.
I was wondering if you got it.
But I have it, but I hate that way.
Have you read the book?
Yeah, I do have the book.
I'm the one that was a screaming about it, you know.
I love it.
I just finished it.
In fact, you know, let me say it again, like I said when I first talked to it,
and we had one of the authors on the phone on the show a couple weeks ago,
let me say it again, why is it that this, which is supposedly a sports station,
doesn't have the authors of a book like that, which has really got some great stuff in it,
and the public has the right to know how come they're not talking to them,
and I know one that has to talk about it.
See?
I have one.
Have we heard enough dumb press conferences already from a literary jot?
I think so.
That's our media guide when we watch football now.
We have to look up everybody's name and see what they've been arrested for.
Exactly.
There you go.
Okay, thanks a lot.
Have a good day.
Bye-bye.
Open line in Broward, 5.670, 05.60, 05.60 on the AT&T Wireless Line.
So long to two hours.
I'm a player.
I saw Christie and he was very good.
This religion scene was not for me.
They held a big convention with her friends.
Let me in for a drink.
I had no idea what I was about to see.
Oh, they were speaking in tongues.
That may be a believer.
This is what kind of fun.
This is the ticket out of my mouth.
Speaking tongue.
They got people even.
I talk to people even inside the side.
That's what I'm talking about.
That's what I'm talking about.
That's what I'm talking about.
That's what I'm talking about.
That's what I'm talking about.
Those who are now in Brace Me.
I talk to the people.
I talk to the people.
Whatever I do, feel forgive me.
Because now I speak in tongues.
That makes me a believer.
And I'm having fun.
Say it now with my mouth.
Now I speak in tongues.
I talk to people.
I talk to people.
That's what I'm talking about.
That's what I'm talking about.
That's what I'm talking about.
That's what I'm talking about.
I was just mentioning to George the show we were talking about on Friday about that mass murderer.
I took out a kilo of those girls in Michigan State.
And then tried to get off and they found that two lace in the cell that he had all worked up as a weapon.
But nevertheless, the parents mentioned how he had been brought up in a real good religious family.
Like Susan Smith and David Correction.
And all these other remiss bits.
You've been brought up with that good old time religion.
And then all of a sudden he started getting real kind of strange on them.
Can't imagine why.
But we're still waiting by the way because there are a lot of us inquiring minds want to know how come the Lord sits back and allows innocent little infants to be butchered like this.
Here's a mobile in Coral Springs.
Neil.
Yes sir.
Buddy, I had to call in.
You are fired up today, dude.
Yeah.
I turned on the radio.
You're like going nuts.
And well, I'm just saying.
I've been thinking about what you've been talking about.
Yeah.
All I can say is first you know harm, buddy.
What?
First you know harm.
Yeah.
That's right.
Okay, thank you.
Okay, he's teaching me.
He's preaching to the choir.
We have an open line in power.
5667.0560.
05.560 on the 18th to wireless line.
He's been thinking and the best thing you could come up with is something now when he told him.
DNH.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Lady in Miami.
Oh, I guess it helps with my price of buttons.
Yes, ma'am.
Sorry about that.
It's all right.
I just want to call my honest God.
God will crap you.
Yes.
Yeah.
Well crap is right.
Most people are very primitive and it's evolutionary.
You say they lost their mind.
They never had it.
We only used about 10% of our minds.
Yeah.
And they personalized that Bible.
I think most of us have the capacity when you're born even if you have bad genes.
I think most people have the capacity to understand a little bit more about life than these ridiculous
narrow fairy tales that they're brainwashed with.
It's, they personalized it first of all.
And if there is something that's way beyond our conception, they make it like a superman
and big guy.
God, he's up there.
God, he's looking down on us protecting it.
Like, like, like, like big daddy.
Right.
Like, he's holding over us making sure we're going to be okay.
It's so primitive.
It's so ignorant and really, that keeps the masses down and it's just outrageous.
And of course, when you're dealing with black people who of course have been kept under the thumb of the white people in America
for hundreds of years now, this is a very convenient way to pedal them all this religious bull crap.
So they, you know, they throw it like throwing a bone.
So here's something to hang on to.
Even though we're not going to give you an education, we're not going to give you any real opportunities.
Here's some good old time religion hang on to this bull crap.
And unfortunately, they really bite onto it, man.
They grab onto it and squeeze it tight.
Why do you show your, your refreshing and good day?
And God bless you.
Thank you.
See you.
We have an open line at day five six seven oh five sixty.
Give me that good old time religion, baby.
Little kids being tortured up here by barbarians who are making babies left in the right.
We got a man in a dress running around the world.
Don't everybody go make as many babies as they possibly can't.
All their schleppers in Latin America make all the babies so we can have more and more illegal aliens in Miami.
There you go.
I don't think we have all these illegal aliens unless they're making a lot of babies.
Good point.
Because people aren't leaders.
People are followers.
People are sheep.
People aren't thinkers.
People are like, oh, and I love the one term.
Which one of the jocks on the game is?
I think was out of liking it yesterday.
I kept using the word proactive.
I kept thinking to myself, are we going to finally have closure on this?
Is he going to say it seriously?
Is he going to say it one last time so we can have some closure?
If he didn't say proactive five million times.
Part of that great 90s speak in America today.
Part of that the little little double talk.
You have to take a proactive role and then we can all have closure.
Right.
Whatever that means.
Here's Carl Springs.
Hello.
Yeah, new.
Yes, sir.
Can I call somebody at Deuceback?
Yeah, go ahead.
Give them a call.
And we'll say amen.
Open line at day one at Broward.
566705.
60.560 on the AT&T line.
Here's a, I'm on the wrong line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
If you love it, Maple Leafs turn town on Wednesday.
Yeah.
And they picked up Barard.
I'm happy about that.
Yeah.
Never been to the new arena.
Can I get Scalp or see Santa?
No, you can't get scum.
No scum up and down here.
They'll send you right to the who's go.
Are you kidding me?
What do I do to get Maple Leaf tickets?
Call up, try to get the pantabat.
And I call up your, what you call it, the ticket master early.
And I'm worried trying to get you some, uh, some of my,
and otherwise watch it on TV.
Two open lines at day five six seven, oh five six, the pound five
sixty.
There's a guy sucking around for tickets.
I'm embarrassing.
Here's a lady in North Miami Beach.
Hello.
Lady in North Miami Beach.
Yes.
Yes, ma'am.
Am I speaking to real magic?
It sounds just like you, yes.
Oh.
I have a long time listener.
Uh-huh.
And I, I, the way we keep to arch your for a long time.
But this has nothing to do with your talking to them.
Sure.
Um, during Christmas, you know, and they have the wish books and everybody else.
Well, they had a family of nine children that they were giving, uh, often.
Just chill.
But they were very happy stuff.
But they took them to Bluey Dales.
And they say, I remember them.
They're from the Blueming Dales?
Yes.
Since when the shluppers like that get stuff at Blueming Dales.
They list this and they spent $9,000.
Yeah.
And one family.
Isn't that something?
I thought that was ludicrous.
While other people are starving, why couldn't they have taken to the dollar store?
Would have been brave.
Yes.
Or are you, uh, five six families from a G.C. pennies, uh, this kind of warehouse store.
That would have been better.
I thought it was terrible.
Yeah.
And by the way, after your phone count.
Rochester?
Yes.
Okay.
I'll see you at Cobb's Hill.
As soon as it falls out.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Okay.
Did counties open five six seven oh five sixty, pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line?
Here we are like two hours later.
We're still waiting for an answer.
You see, let me say this to all you naysayers.
Those of, uh, those of you who like to take shots at me and anybody else at this audience who don't believe your bull crap.
If you got all the answers, why, how come something as simple as this?
You can't answer it.
Why does God sit back and allow this kind of crap to go on?
And don't give me this bull crap he gave man free will.
Okay.
He's supposed to be a loving God.
A loving God.
No matter how loving he is, he doesn't love man that much that he's going to sit back and let him kill his baby.
Or somebody who, whoever's baby, this might be.
Since it's kind of hard to keep and track at this point.
What's that?
Who did that song?
Where is the love?
Who did that?
Where is the love?
Come on.
Now let's go.
I can't remember.
It's a long time ago.
That's the question we got.
That's the song we got to be playing.
It ought to be the theme song for the show.
Where is the love?
Like we had in the OJ trial.
Where is the glove?
Well, here's where is the love from your loving God.
That should be interceding and stopping all of this barbaric bull crap.
And then of course, then of course they'll have the funeral and they'll say,
Oh, well, she's in God's hands now.
She's with God now.
Oh, man, give me a break.
Dave County lines are open.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and 0.5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
It's 109 at 560 QAM.
Where do you find Joe Rose, just a forest and speed goals here?
The first team.
Right where you got it.
Support radio 560 Q-A-L.
No, say it, I don't mind you.
Oh, that's a quarter.
I'm irrelevant.
All right, ladies, gather around the man's breading.
On the count of three.
One.
Two.
Three.
From the gravity, courts and wind,
Both of them in the forest where we all play.
We are right and free, types who fight.
Those who are anti-gay.
Sure, careful when we grow up,
As we step on our rubber.
We declare to all old tales
The world knows that we will get in our lips.
Our houses are all hard,
Our backs are bizarre, for the wood.
We make our choices early
As to who we'll push forward.
And we say to you, we come again
As our shirts bring to much stars.
We will gather soon,
And we wash and put forth a million crowns.
Give me, soldier.
Are you from Rotor-Rooter or just happy to say me?
One 13 at 560 WQM.
Here's an ambiguous fact that says,
Hello, Neil.
There's a very interesting book.
I think you should read it's called,
Of course, in miracles.
And if you're ready to understand it,
You'll read the whole book.
And if you're not, you'll probably put it away
After reading a couple of pages.
Does that tell me anything at all?
No.
No.
By the way, did you see last night on HBO,
This is a Prano.
No, I did not.
We have an open line today,
56670560,
Pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
There's a very interesting book that you should read, sir.
Or a man, whoever you might be.
And after you have finished the first couple of pages,
You'll put it down.
It's called the Bible.
After a couple of pages,
You'll put it down, say,
Get serious.
Here's Pembert Pines.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
You want to make some quick money?
Hello.
I'm listening.
I'll pay $1,000 if you take a course in the Kabbalah.
You want to do that too?
You want to do that too?
The Kabbalah.
The Kabbalah?
Yeah.
Yes.
Why is that?
Because that is something that I feel that I need to tell you.
And I really believe that you would understand
And everything we're talking about.
And it really comes to life.
What really comes to life?
More bubble-mysies?
The creation of one.
The creation of one.
Of humanity, for the reason why.
Creation of humanity.
How about all those other, how about the amoebas?
How about all the other stuff?
Well, that's all part of it.
That's all because we created that.
Not God.
We don't want to keep blaming God.
We created amoebas.
How did we do that?
Because we were imperfect.
And God is perfect.
Sir, are you listening to what you're saying?
I asked you about amoebas.
You said we created that.
Yes, sir.
How did we create amoebas?
Because did we create that?
From my first, from my first time.
Did we create the dinosaurs?
Yes, yes, sir.
We created, we created the universe and God created us.
We were imperfect.
We created the universe and God created us and we're imperfect.
Thank you, sir.
Okay. I guess I better read that thing, huh?
Well, more than a thousand bucks, sir.
I want to take that course for a little bit.
Yeah, a thousand bucks a piece.
We'll read it.
I'm easy.
I could have read it during that Panther Calgary game last night.
It would have been more productive.
I'll tell you that.
She's, man, talking about, I didn't even need my Benadrill.
Talk about an instant coma.
Yeah, but we won the game.
Instant coma, man.
Open line of day, 5667.0560, 05.60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Daniel.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil. Hi.
Okay.
The beginning was, how did you soup?
It's gone. Delicious.
It was good.
Yeah.
Yeah, I got the sun sent no, you know, that that wasn't even on the front page
that father charged in death.
Yeah.
It was on the front page of the local set.
The local set can be.
Well, what difference does it make what page it's on?
What does that have to do with the delivery?
It's on the logit.
It's on the moaning more people call up the delivery.
Hey, I got news for it.
Am I me a hero last week that had the NBA strike.
It was the same day that we're starting the, well, the impeachment trial in the Senate.
But the settlement of the NBA strike was more important.
Took up half the front page.
The importantly prominent part of the front page.
And, Am I me a hero?
So that's how it's where they're part of it.
And, what are the priorities are at?
Yeah, what did you see the picture of the clown on it in the local set?
I got it right here.
I have it in my hand right now with the baby, which is no longer, she's no longer alive yet.
Yeah, he looks really content with the father.
How does he really want to be?
Well, what does that mean?
He looks content.
He's like, get out of here.
What does that mean?
He looks like a guy holding a little baby in his arms.
That's what he looks like.
The picture tells you nothing.
We have an open line, a date one and Brad five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T White House line.
As we continue testing, testing the intellectual capacity of this community.
Is there an intellectual capacity in this community?
No.
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T White House line.
I mean, there's got to be something more to life.
You have to be able to articulate to think something a little bit beyond are the Yankees going to win the pennant.
There's got to be something a little bit beyond that about who the dolphin is going to draft in April and the guy that NFL drafts.
I know it's difficult.
I know it's very testing and very presumptuous of me to expect you to be able to to ascend to that level.
There must be something in your brain that allows you to transcend the the mundane bullcrap of work and I get tickets for the game on Wednesday.
Here's Carl Springs.
Hello.
Hello Neil.
Yes sir.
How you doing? Listen, I don't have any answers, but I do have an idea.
You've heard the story on why they never finish building Texas Stadium in Dallas and they have that big hole in the roof?
Why?
Because they said so God can look down and watch the Cowboys play.
Yeah.
Now given that logic.
Yes, he must not have been watching that playoff game.
Exactly. Well given that logic, we should hire like Jimmy Carter or Tabitat for humanity and maybe they could pick up their saws and go around the country and we could throw a bunch of holes in all these churches.
There he goes.
I think we got the answer for this.
We have two open lines in Broward 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and 0, 5, 60 on it.
Then we'll make them really holy.
You're talking.
They want to be holy rollers. We'll make them holy. Of course it's not too good when it rains outside, but nevertheless.
Maybe God will make it stop raining in those spots. That would be a miracle.
Wouldn't that be a miracle? There's a hole in the roof of our church or synagogue, but it doesn't rain only in that spot because the Lord is like shielding it from the inclement.
It doesn't snow, it doesn't sleep. There are no insects that get in there because the hand of God is shielding the roof of our institution.
Here's Kendall. Hello.
Good afternoon.
Yes, sir.
Where is the love?
Yes.
Just a mention.
No, Donnie has a way in Roberta Flank.
Oh really?
Yes. How I thought it was them.
Sorry about that.
All right.
Okay. Thank you so much for wasting our time.
We have an open line indeed. 5, 6, 7.
I mean, why could he have told you that? You know, why does it got called here and waste all that time on hold?
I mean, this is somebody's idea of a guy named Phonkhala Watakshel.
I mean, it's better than where is my cranberry though.
Where is my cranberry? Anybody know?
No.
Anybody here?
No.
Except that it was possible to call before. If it wouldn't have been for those old fossils like that guy.
We could be back by the way.
Who called back?
The old fossil.
For what?
Because you didn't answer his question.
He's on the toilet right now, sir.
Working out pants for a new life, okay?
Where's my cranberry?
It's like I started to say, who wouldn't have been for old fossils like him when you'd probably still be on air today?
We're not for the old parts that like took over his show.
Those old, crappy old fossils who wanted to hear about today in history and the Almanac and the birthday list.
And who's on Lino tonight and who's on whatever?
First.
Here's West Palm Beach. Hello.
Yeah, hi.
Let's face it, Reneerie Show's stuck. Yes, sir.
Fine, male. I'll give you a literate answer.
Okay.
Just look in the Bible and you'll see why it is that God allows all these horrible things.
And why is that, sir?
Because God is a homicidal genocidal maniac.
Yeah, well, he does, he's always telling people to kill the...
It's worse, yeah.
It's worse.
Yeah.
From the very homicidal.
From the very beginning, he starts killing people for no reason.
Well, he killed everybody when he got pissed off and no one,
there was old slippers had to build that ship.
Oh, yeah.
When he slaughtered the media nights, when he did, as he did with any one of his four sons of God,
that he writes about in the Bible,
first one, he says to Aaron, he says to Abraham,
why don't you kill Aaron on a slab?
Oh, my God.
Then he says, oh, never mind, never mind.
I was just testing it.
Second, the second son of God,
Samson, who turns, who he turns into one of the most vicious slaughters in history.
Yeah, but he had good hair though.
The third son of God.
John the Baptist, who said, listen, let's baptize everybody.
And God said, no, cut off his head.
And the fourth son of God, JC, who God said, I tell you what we're going to do with him,
we're going to nail him up on a cross,
and we're going to just abandon him.
And so, if you look about why it is,
if you concern yourself with why it is that these horrible things happen,
he likes it.
Look who you're worshiping when you read the BS.
Excellent points, sir. God bless you.
Yes, sir.
Thank you so much.
There you go. And we're sure it was the thing.
Let's have a sitting ovation for this guy.
We'll put it all into very proper perspective there.
The God of the Glamon, the Jews,
is a killing, a statistic,
isn't that what I've been saying for all these years?
Uh-huh.
A murdering God, who loves violence.
In fact, he's probably behind all these damn TV shows and movies now
that everybody's bitching about.
Click your bitch and God likes it, okay?
He likes it violent.
Because every time he gets, I mean,
the God is perfect, but he gets pissed off.
I mean, right there, stop.
Hold the phone. That's it.
He's perfect, but he gets pissed off and his rats show wax off.
Like I've told you, 50,000 times before,
that's not possible.
You can't be perfect and have a temper.
You can't be some kind of a temperamental lunatic and be perfect.
And as far as that jackass that started this whole thing about
is this paradise.
No, but it sure could be.
Because if your God really existed,
he wouldn't permit all the slaughter.
He wouldn't permit all the bull crap,
and there wouldn't be no devil,
and there wouldn't be no famines.
There wouldn't be no starving people,
and there wouldn't be no bashed in babies.
And there wouldn't be no mental illness.
There would be all this killing going on,
because God would be perfect,
and it would be tranquil and we'd be in paradise.
Oh, no, but that's later on.
Okay.
I'm holding my breath.
Here's Coral Springs. Hello.
Yeah, Neil, you're a douchebag.
Okay, thank you for your persprication subject,
the objective call, sir.
Around whatever your object is.
We have an open line of date one and brow.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
How long do you wait for that?
Excellent call, sir.
Another man with no material has nothing to say.
You're a douchebag.
Thank you.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello. Probably the Lord told them to make that call.
Mobile in Miami. Hello.
Going once.
Going twice.
Five minutes and twenty seconds of their life down the drain.
Of our dime, too, by the way.
Two open lines and browed one and date.
Five, six, seven, see how they start coming unglued.
They get rattled.
They get rattled because there is a single one of them out there
that can justify their bullcrap and the superstition and hocus
that the whole world is being torn apart now.
Here we are like thousands of years later in the Middle East
and in Northern Ireland and in India and Pakistan.
Every other guy in the place you look.
And in this country with a bunch of so-called religious lunatics
trying to bring down the duly elected government.
Or to hypocritical do anything that moves hypocrites.
Oh, yeah, but everybody else there.
Yeah, that's right.
It's only the liberals that are the perverts.
All these right-wingers.
They're the real 32 shoes guys.
Like Jimmy Swagger and Jim Baker.
There you go.
Mobile in North Miami. Hello.
Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
Great, Joe.
Listen, I know you were talking earlier about the press conferences
and all of the CS people listen to.
Garbage. And most of it's unintelligible.
So worst of radio I've ever heard in my life.
Well, that's nothing.
I'm not saying that.
I'm not saying that.
I'm not saying that.
I'm not saying that.
I'm not saying that.
I'm not saying that.
I'm not saying that.
I'm not saying that.
I'm not saying that.
I'm not saying that.
I'm not saying that.
I'm not saying that.
I'm not saying that.
I'm not saying that.
I'm not saying that.
I'm not saying that.
I'm not saying that.
I'm not saying that.
I'm not saying that.
I'm not saying that.
I'm not saying that.
I'm not saying that.
I'm not saying that.
I'm not saying that.
I'm not saying that.
I'm not saying that.
I'm not saying that.
I'm not saying that.
You love my jockey shorts.
Get ready to run ball!
Oh
Who can I just?
Just walk too
Remember
Well
Okay
Okay, one thirty and five thirty two and I just during that break I came up with the greatest brain storm the greatest teaching tool in the history of human race
We ought to put together somebody ought to put together a documentary that's got all news footage about all these cults that are a me guys and
And the cool aid guys Jim Jones all of these cults David Corrash and then we ought to have a thing about what's going on in North at Ireland some documentary footage about that and the Middle East and put this all together about
Things that are going on now not things that you know somebody told a thousand years ago five times things that are going on right now and these people's lifetimes and put together about a two hour documentary and then show that to all your kids instead of wasting your time and taking away their brains with all these religious classes and go to church and sitting on there you go
Oh, wouldn't that be a great idea huh?
In fact, if one of the networks really had some balls they would do it but is any of them forget that
Oh man they're terrified they are scared
Here's Miami hello
Hi, Nail. Yes sir. I just called to tell you your little package is in the mail. You know where I'm from? No. Oh, did yours didn't tell you?
Still doing. The past partation seat. Oh, thank you very much. Yeah, I gave you an extra thick one and the past for two.
Yeah, I love listening. Oh, that was quick service. Yeah, I love listening you guys over the break especially hearing Georgia's followed mouth. Yeah, he's got a filthy mouth. Thank God he's not on the air very often.
You need to clean his mouth out with spick and spanned. Yeah, or at least the spam party's over. You got to speak. All right, hey, can I hear a good bye John Denver if you have the time?
Okay, here's for you anyway. All right, thanks for having me. All right, bye. That's my passport guys. See it pays to have the inside connection there. He said my package is in the mail.
Yeah, it must be somewhere. I can't find it. We have an open line in the day. Oh, God, I got another great line for that. But I'll pass by the way.
Frankie, it's public. Don't be so sensitive. Frankie. Open line of days. Five. Yeah, I went over there yesterday morning to get some, which is really, you know, I went nine o'clock in the morning on a Sunday morning. Wouldn't you think that would be a good time to go to the store?
Jammed up. Jammed up. And I go in here and, yeah, see, you know, all you got to do is mention somebody on the air like when the not planning lady called.
I just mentioned that because he's about the only person there, even though their name, and he's an ice guy who's a big fan.
And I made a bad mistake of now. He's all embarrassed and he like, uh, you know, they're all given him a hard time. So to speak. Come on, Frankie. You can handle it. If you can get by those hits, you can get by anything.
We have an open line of day five, six, seven, oh, he had a little zip problem. Okay, guys that age every now and then they have a little zip problem.
What is so fun? Now he's going to be worse. Now I'm going to go in there next time. And he's going to be running the back of the store.
They're going to be having a conference. Everybody is so guy. They're insensitive just because there's that old bag on a radio. Okay, just a radio show. Okay.
Here's coconut creek. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi. Hi. Good afternoon.
When it's time to do. I listen to you every day or at least almost every day. Yes, sir. And I agree with a lot of things that you say. I say a percent of the time.
But this is an issue that that yes, you know, maybe people don't want to talk about this issue because they don't feel they need to dignify.
They don't need to dignify. They don't need to dignify. What makes you think that they need to even dignify?
I wife is so important because everybody is in especially in this country. We have all those religious intolerance and people telling us we're going to burn in hell if we don't believe what they do and always condemning everybody for this and the other thing.
Those are extremists. No, no, they're not. Not anymore. They're not. They're running the country now. Sweetheart. You better go wake up and sip the flowers.
Look, I'm a very scientific person. Okay. But I also believe in God by all that possible. How is that possible? Yeah. That's very, very possible. No, it's not.
But you're implying that you're either one you're one into the spectrum of the other. You're not accepting the fact that there are people that are in the middle.
No, I'm not saying you're one of the other, but I just don't know how somebody who really has the mind and science can rationalize that with this sick twisted God that the ancient barbarians invented.
Well, it depends who's idea of what kind of idea of God that you have. I mean, I believe that we're talking about the Jewish Christian God. Is that the one you're talking about?
No, that's kind of a paradox Jewish Christian God. I mean, I love to say one. I was brought up as an Orthodox Jew.
Well, then you should know that there's no difference. The Yeshua was the same God for the Jews and the Christians. The discreetions tossed in Jesus to make it more binding.
Well, the Jesus more binding. As far as God itself is concerned, I mean, I live myself. I live my day on a very scientific level. If I have a headache, I don't pray to God. I go to a doctor.
Yeah. I mean, if I, you know, if something wrong happens with my life, I don't believe that God. What does God do? What is your God?
I think that's your whole premise, your whole premise on this. No, I don't have any premise. I'm asking you what your premises, you're telling me you believe in a different God than the one in the Bible.
I believe in a God, even a higher power. What does God, what does God do? Who says he does anything? Why do you see? He has to do anything.
Your whole premise is that he must do something when horrible things happen. Your whole premise is how about when nothing happens? What is, what is he, it exists for? What is the purpose of your God?
Don't have an answer for that. Can you accept that? So then what's the point? In other words, you've got this God that doesn't do anything that you don't know what I am. No, no, no, no, I didn't say that.
Well, what did we have? I don't have an answer for that. You're, you're applying to, if I don't have an answer for that. Can I tell you something? All you are is in denial.
Okay. I don't know why. But seriously, you're in denial of the fact that you're in atheists, but you don't want to. I'm the contrary. I'm not an atheist.
Then how can you believe in a God that doesn't do anything? I believe who says he has to do anything in this lifetime.
How well, what did he do in some other lifetime? I don't know. I don't have an answer. Well, that's an atheist.
Because I don't have an answer for you. You're like, you're a lot closer to being, let's say an agnostic because that's what I'm talking about.
You're not putting an agnostic. I put on fill in every day. Is that mean I'm an atheist? You put on fill in every day? Every day. Every morning.
I almost every morning. I almost every morning. Okay. And why? Why do you do that? Why? Because I feel my heart that I should do it. Why?
Because I feel my heart that I should do it. No, but you're just repeating the same thing. That's not fun.
That's why you said you were very scientific person. You say, wait a minute. You said you were a scientific person. What you did that has to be the science that told you to lay to fill in every day.
Look, I grew up in a very orthodox environment. I wouldn't wait for your brainwash. No, I'm a creature. Why in the world would you put those fill in on for the benefit of the glimony audience that again is what I don't do a lot of things that I was taught to?
But why would you, of all the things? Why would you do that? You're a lot of things I do. And I, a lot of things I don't do. I do.
You do it because I have it because you were brought up to do it and you do it by habit. No, I don't do it by now. I went away for it for like five to six years.
I will. Okay. Well, I'll ask you this on on Kipper and Russia. Show me. Do you go to show you go to temple? Yes, I do. So, so then what are we talking about? Why do you go to temple? If you don't believe in that, the Jewish God, you're again, you go with your street with your other one and or the other.
And I live in the middle. Can't you accept that? I asked you do you believe in the Jewish God? You said no. I believe in God. I don't, I don't say what the Jewish.
But he's welcome to the world of agnosticism and God bless you and Zagiazod. That was that was special. So how do you spell to fill in? I need to write that stuff.
How do you spell? How do I know? T.E.S. Two fill in less life to fill? I don't know. Oh, by the way, what did he want? My passport guys. Goodbye, Jen. I don't want to forget him. He's a good man to have around.
Especially the way things are going in this country these days. Keep your passport handy. ZNH and TNC and keep your passport handy. Three pieces of advice from...
Oh God! I mean, seriously, I give that guy a lot of time. I'm, you know, he claims that he's got a scientific mind. How could somebody with a scientific mind go through that whole thing with a tephilin with rapid or other straps around your arm to the point of practically cutting off your circulation and going through that self-flagialation deal? And that's science?
He's obviously a man or seriously, he's a man in conflict. He was brought up with this or... Look, if you were raised Orthodox Jewish, the way he obviously works with that degree, you'd be in conflict too. And I can graduate him for at least taking a step or two away.
Now just, I'm tied to, you know, the straps. Maybe you'll be thinking a little clearer when your circulation starts again. No, that's like your accountant. That's the same thing. Yeah, but he's not half-ass like this guy. No, no. Your accountant is a total ass. Right. He's an asshole. Right.
He's into a big time. He's laying the tephilin. He's laying anything he can do sand-zoned. He's... Look at this. I'm even knocking to my car out. I'm getting so worked out. I'm so animated about this. Crazy. The way you're looking for for your accountant. Crazy. For a rate accountant.
Right account. All these Jewish. 22x42 at 560 WQM.
Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right
Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right
Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right there then this. Right
Everybody's just unbelievable. Everybody's just unbelievable. Everybody's just unbelievable. Everyone's just unbelievable. Everyone's just unbelievable. Everyone's just unbelievable. Everyone's just unbelievable. Because this place is just unbelievable. Because this place is just amazing. C
They flipped around all the sales people sales managers titles and we got a new national sales manager in this and a rape
Period came down here. Well, until today I always thought was a reasonable guy
Having to with what what is his title now? He's the local sales manager, but what is he general? Say yeah, like not like general MacArthur, okay?
Because not only did we not get a new copy for any of the counts I gave him a list of last Thursday
But we also have an account coming back on a sponsor I've had for many many years long before I came to the station by the way
Which is not going to run because the piece of copy that's in the folder the only piece of copy that's in there is from Christmas and from some special
Lele had back a month ago. I
Just went to that and passing rape period. Okay. See everybody in this place they talk a big game
But the sign that you just put up on the wall back there just give us the effing money. That's what this place is really all about
We don't care about the client. We don't care about the the listeners whether they can get in touch with a client
Don't bother these people with that stuff
Just what's the billion how much can we break in here and don't bother us?
Well, see it's like that every place you work, but this place it's like magnified times a hundred
Every place in a radio. I've worked in this market. It's been the same thing
Don't bother us with the small details in between
Just put it on a year get us big ratings and then let's make a lot of money all the stuff that goes in between we don't care about
And rape pairing I'm you know supposed to meet within tomorrow morning
I got news for if I were I wouldn't show my face if I were you because what you've realized it's a short period of time
But how can we do commercials for people with confidence a month old about Christmas and New Year's et cetera and so on and some special event
They have that they did that was a month ago. Can we do that? No, we can't
But evidently this joy is making so much goddamn money. They don't have to worry about that
Here's a mobile in Kendall hello
Neil it must be God's will with those advertisers don't get their copies. They must be it. Yeah
Here's a way seriously. This is a problem that I see most people are in their house or outside
When they're in their house. Yeah, everything they see somebody made it
When they're outside and they see traffic lights cars houses people made them yeah when they see the sky and the sun
They think somebody made that yeah, you follow me
I'm
How about when you see that? Well, they think somebody made the moon do yeah now
Secondly when they discover masturbation they think this is too good to be true. There's got to be some punishment for this
Yeah, okay now you couple those two together and then add a dose of hope
I'm better than those animals my dog ain't going to heaven, but I got I am I live forever
Yeah, I think my dogs get at least my golden retriever's got a better chance than I
Probably better being a dog than we are being human, you know, but because of this mix of things
People believe the bladder
Then then again figure this they believe the bladder. Yeah, suppose that all my life
I taught my son one thing
But then I discovered that that wasn't right. Yeah, which did happen to me in my life when religion for sure
Mm-hmm, but I don't like to go back to my son and say you know I'm an idiot
He knows that everything I believe is a bunch of bunk
Yeah, and who likes to admit this, you know and so people go
Put you on a list for that we'll put him on the list for his children for the documentary that we're gonna put together
Okay, I have a bumper sticker that says move
He's saved
Yeah
Okay, God bless you sir and they get some help we have an open line of date one and bro
Five six I thought he was really going somewhere with that you know, it was you going somewhere? No down the Hershey highway
I think five six seven oh five sixty pond five sixty on the 18 to wireless line as
The as the hits just keep on coming here at QAM as the sales they can make all the different people
They can keep shuffling the titles around and shuffling the bodies around and they still just can't get most of it done right
It's just astonishing to me these people have it's not that they don't have a lot of conscience
They don't have any conscience they just absolutely refuse to care and the message over a year later is hey
Mr
We don't care what a big shot you think you are you're not gonna make this care
We're gonna continue doing it the same half-ass way we've always done it and dummy up okay? That's the message here
Here's Miami hello
Two quick questions yes, sir first is sunny hers returning as a voice
I haven't got any ideas sir and whatever happened a mic sure okay two open lines in date five six seven oh five
60 and pond five 60 on the 18 to wireless line how sad sir
There are people like you wandering around taking up free space and breathing all that pressure how sad
Here's a mobile in pompano hello
Mobile in pompano oh, that's me hey, that's you having one day and back to you
That color a couple a couple times ago. I think it's it rises everything is wrong with religion
Which one would be the orthodox you that yeah, whatever yeah, I'm it was babbling about what he what he thought he knew and didn't know and all that
I was getting very indignant about it too with me was getting really picked off then he tells me how he lays to fill in
He wraps his arms up in those other straps every morning. Maybe he's in the S&M. Maybe that's it. Maybe that's nothing
Okay, well, yeah, I think it's an all or nothing thing either you're for it or you're not if you're if it's convenient
And I mean that's well, whatever that's my experience with people in religion. I see that they they
They're it's there for them when they when they need it
You know what they're doing what they want to do then that's fine
But I got a concept for it buddy mine
One night drunk off his ass and he comes up with
With this and it basically I guess if you if you put yourself in a situation like say you take your buddies out the dinner
Okay, you say look dinner's on me
All right, yeah, I'm listening all right. All right. There's on me. No always is the money's no
No, no, right. You don't know what I make anyway
Dinner's on me. Don't worry about it. Whatever you want your buddy say that. Well, you know what they don't take it
Jesus died for our sins, right?
I'm listening. Okay. I'm the little nervous here. You can't tell but never
Jesus died for our sins
He's died for all of mankind sin so if we don't sin then Jesus would have died in vain, no?
Yeah, that's right. So in other words it makes it look so it should be sinners for Jesus. Okay
And they're doing a good job of it. Thank you very much. There you go keep sinning away
Otherwise, it would have been a waste of time. All that time it's been up there in that cross
There you go. We have an open line of day one and Broward five six seven oh five sixty pond
I'm just I am speaking across I am so cross about that thing with I just showed you with that copy situation
I mean these are all things that I spoke to about that and of course the evil finger of Gary
Starner happens to be in there again
Remember he brought his new buddy down which this happens to be what his one of his accounts
Which he just discovered by accident since I brought it up and his good his good friend is the agency without account
But it'd be and they all got a song of dance but it'd be better move better off
They all got a tap dance, but the important thing is only some of them have got the naked pictures
There can be absolutely positively no question that this radio station and the bureaucracy of it exists the way it does because of
naked picture it makes no mistake about it
Take it straight to the bank
151 is five sixty WQ I am
I don't know why I came here tonight
I've got the feeling
Put on a hammer
You see your rabbi say my little doll
Smokes to the left of me
Puts to the right here I am
I'm
