Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
Come to Neil called 5600560 toll free for date and rally or pound 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions for the Beasley Run Pass Group.
No, no. Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
Projesting live, on Shula State 2 in Miami late. Here's Hank Goldberg on Sports Radio 560 QAM. Hey, stop it!
Yeah.
Oh yeah! I'm not gonna get the fuck out of here again.
It's a ride by a guy!
That's incredible. Incredible.
Oh, it's fair. What is Joe?
What is fair? What is Joe?
That's incredible.
Incredible.
He doesn't have a risk of playing.
If you meet me, he's not the first thing that's the second thing that's the second thing that's the second thing.
He's on your way.
Follow me there.
I'm gonna get the fuck out of here.
Yeah.
It's a deep film.
Oh, you get fired!
I want an embarrassing view of this.
Deep the run, man!
You think this.
Get down.
What is Joe?
Why are you kidding me?
Get on there!
Yeah.
Somebody poke him in the ribs.
Come on, please.
Oh, he's eating the ribs?
Hey, stop it!
Are we on, guys?
No.
I mean, I want big shoes to give you guys a fair time ring, like that.
Yeah, okay.
Okay.
10.03560WQMC.
The reason I play that is because the timing is perfect.
Everybody around here, you know, I told you things were going along too well.
People started getting a little bit psychotic.
They start slacking off.
They're playing theme songs for like five and a half minutes.
You know, it's kind of like just coming to get a check.
It's basically the way we all look at it.
Except here between 10 and two, we work our big fat rectum off every day to try to pretend we're doing a show.
So the timing, like I said, couldn't be any better for Barry Jackass to wake some people.
I don't want to mention no names.
What a joke.
I don't want to mention names.
To wake them up out of their doldrums, okay?
To bring them back to reality.
Because you know something, the prospect of Mike and a mad dog in the afternoon sounds pretty interesting to me, huh?
Yeah.
Front page of the Miami Hero, not even like this.
I don't want to say, you know, that article in the New Yorker the other day, again, timing is everything.
And the timing of that was perfect.
You people at the Herald have proven that even in the Xavier New York, you couldn't compete with whatever the candidate with daily messenger in candidate with New York, you couldn't compete.
That's the kind of phony baloney newspaper you people are over there at the Herald.
On the front page, okay?
Front page!
We got Miami Beach cops doing prostitution rings down there in Kendall, which I do realize they had something about that yesterday.
And on the news and all the nightly newscast last night, the neighbors there at the complex talking about all the cops that were coming and going mostly coming by the way.
Of course, correct.
A lot in there with the underage prostitutes they had in there, a couple of 16 year old chicks and he adds they had in a paper.
Big busted, barely legal, which turns out that barely legal was a little bit of exaggeration.
Stuff like this, all this crap that's going on.
And the woman with the abused baby and all the other good stuff, my mayor penis there in Dave County, which I realize that's also on the front page.
Trying to speak through a guy to invoke the middle of the summertime when everybody's out of town as they always do, just like the back-ass thing they did with the stadium with Mickey Arison with his arena after he lied to get an office.
All these things go on.
What's the Herald concerned about?
What's important enough to make it on the front page of the Miami Herald today?
It's a little vendetta there by the Herald and Barry Jackass.
That's what it is.
This will wake Hanukkah up out of his left or G and anybody else on this radio station and by the way, we had a call about this and it's my fault.
I didn't believe it.
We had a call off a year several days ago from somebody saying, hey, just like Godfather won.
You remember he says, you think I bought that comedy you played with my sister? You think you fooled me with that little comedy act you played with my sister?
When he went to Carlo, we was doing this thing when he was getting ready to go to Vegas, he thought, only he didn't quite make it out of the car.
You think we bonded that comedy act that Joe Rose played with Pussy Galore here the other day last week to get suspended for a couple of days?
This man was in heavy-duty negotiations with the new sports talk station.
I want to tell you one thing.
And by the way, you'll be very pleased all you people over there at 1700 and know that our general managers run into a round of building going,
I'm saying this is not a real good act.
We're going to bury them.
We want to have another one of those parades.
Like when you buried WNW, I'm saying, what are you talking about?
You can't even pick up the guy at the station on the dial on most radios.
We're going to have a parade?
Not that he's nervous you understand.
I'm going to be a bloated Greg Zego because he wants to be the sports maven.
I mean, if they're like, if they play like a pickup game in somebody's neighborhood, we want to have the exclusive rights to it here on QAM
and we'll pay any amount to get those rights to, by the way.
You know what I'm saying?
That's right.
Now we will make one exception, by the way.
So you people over there at the, at the affin.
Yeah, that's going to be the call the, the collaters.
They've applied to the FCC for WFN, the affin.
You've got the fan in New York.
You got the affin in Miami.
Oh!
Well, I can't get F.A. in.
There's already an F.A. in.
So they want to get the next best thing, the affin.
This is so perfect.
Everything about this.
It's just when we're in the middle of the dog days of summer and you think nothing could possibly be going on.
And now they give us some juicy, beautiful material to sink our teeth into.
And there's nothing like having something juicy to sink your teeth into.
Exactly.
God almighty.
Sports radio fans to get new station in South Florida rights, Barry Jackass, on not on the front page of the sports section, on the front page of the front section.
I'm freaking Harold.
How do you like that?
Oh my God.
I got up this morning.
I get my newspapers that come back in and took a look at that headline.
No problem at all.
This was, this was better neat than the pizza trough.
Right through me.
Just like that.
Look at H-bomb hit my intestinal track.
Yep.
Thanks, Barry Jackass.
You fat little putt whacker.
You know who I am?
I'm Barry Jackson and you know Neil.
A lot of the stuff you say about me is true.
Yeah, you're a fat little mama's boy putt whacker, Barry.
That's it's around in the one you call yourself the couch potato.
Man.
Writing for a major market newspaper.
Ha ha.
The night reader people know what?
You know something to wonder they had a leaf town.
I think it's the embarrassment factor.
That's why they had a leaf town go to California.
The embarrassment factor putting out this rag day after day, pretending to be a major market newspaper,
pretending that they wore what they used to be like 25, 30 years ago.
I bet your bill cost for is rolling over in his grave and lots of other people who have
writing in a big newspaper in the sky who have written for this paper back in those earlier days when it had a little bit of credibility.
When it wasn't just a pandering rag.
Yeah, see they hate us and we hate them.
So therefore here's a story that ordinarily might make it, you know, back in Barry's ordinary column on the back pages in the sports section.
But this makes it on the front page of the front section and believe me, I believe in the model publicity they want.
I'm going to spend the whole day to day promoting Robin Cox or whatever her name is Fox Cox whatever it is.
Robin Fox, she's my favorite.
Yeah.
And the Affin, 1700 WL Affin.
This is beautiful.
See I hate to break the news to you but the sports nerds they just don't get it.
See there's not even a room in this market for one sports station much less for two.
We're just faking our way through here.
But by the way you guys over there Tony whatever your name is, callata, you whatever your name.
If you want the Marlins you can have them after tomorrow's game.
We got a nice 105 start tomorrow for the pregame show.
So we're keeping the Marlins at least you tomorrow.
But after that they're all year sweet heart and you can also pay a John Henry to while you're at it.
And that's right from the horse's back home.
9 minutes after 10 to 560 WQAM.
One of only two sports stations in this major market.
And here we want you to make sure you know that 1790 down the dial.
Can you pick it up on your radio?
No.
But nevertheless go find somebody who can pick it up and then the station too.
Tammy, get out of it.
It sucks.
Oh!
Hello suckers!
My name is Columba, I got off the plane after shopping in France to take your money away.
I thought the Gynastro's expensive bubble and jewels.
And doing the things that you think has to do with you.
I tried very hard to smuggle and they would just let people...
But I did not get in trouble.
So I tried to cover those wires.
Get some jet-to-beauty and try to work to live up my life with special favor.
After all my husband brother will soon be your decadent.
I might go ahead and have either I buy anything I need and just want me more.
I'll be just rich in family value.
When I get that, I get this.
That's 15 at 560 WQM.
I've only had 17 all sports stations in South Florida.
And to watch the way that they reacted to this stuff around here.
I remember back I was still at IOD when they put this 1210 Fiasco on the air and everybody was going...
Oh yeah, there's going to be another all sports station in QAMs in big trouble.
And I could only even begin to imagine how they were like wet and they were underpants in this place back then.
Now all they're doing is running around a hallway and going...
And then Greg Reed came in there four times this morning and went...
And our program director Pussy Galore came in here 16 times.
And of course I know what he came in here for.
But nevertheless, sports radio fans to get new station in South Florida writes Barry Jackass on the front page of the prestigious Miami Herald.
Wipe your ass with it baby.
Don't put it in the bottom of the bird cage unless you hate your bird.
WQAM 560AM South Florida's only all sports radio station thank God.
It's about to get competition from a new sports station whose lineup will include popular New York based talk show host Don Imance who died 16 years ago and nobody told him.
And former Marlins first baseman, more testy distrata.
There you go.
Oh right.
Yeah, more testy.
That's what we need.
Anybody remember him?
No.
Couldn't have had his wet of a paper sack.
Several sources said to the that master media group of Miami led by former WQAM sportscaster Tony Calata.
You've signed an agreement to lease WR and you 17 hundred AM.
A Miami station that's been simulcasting Spanish language radio Unica programming that also wears on 12 10 AM.
Calata you will be the new station's majority owner and general manager confirmed that by the first week of August.
I think of us much time to prepare.
I'll tell you that.
By the first week of August is 1700 signal will switch to an English language all sports format because right now they're not doing English.
They're going.
No picket English.
The 17th member signal will switch to the English language all sports format except for I'm as general dead talk show from 6 to 10 AM where you can turn on a dead man sitting in the chair on a radio or you can watch him on MSNBC too.
If you got the cable like all the rest of us.
The strata who played for the Marlins their first two years 1993 and 1994 owns a significant minority interest in the new station and will host the four out of course that's the only way to get on here here is to buy his way in.
Will host the four to 7 PM talk show with Calata you and possibly Harold columnist Dan La Bastard who's in negotiations with a station.
Dan La Bastard at least any more be up here screwing up our phone calls the other room all the time like he was a couple of months ago get out of here Dan you jackass.
Oh the Marlins didn't win the world series the Cubans wanted other Cuban yeah go go be a Cuban okay Dan get out of our face.
Oh this is this is the best the station is applied to the FCC to change its call letters to W a F and the affin.
It will be known as sports talk 1700 the fan the signal can be heard throughout South Florida now let me interrupt at that point my reading of very jacksons brilliant column that was on the front page in the world this morning that started on the front page and then continues on page seven a.
Let me just interrupt at that point and yeah not that very would ever make a mistake you understand you I'm talking about.
Hey stop it not that very would ever make any mistakes but unless it was alone or with somebody like mommy.
The signal can be heard throughout South Florida the problem being that if you have a car for example that's older than a year or two your car radio won't see this is the FCC created the so called expanded frequency which most of us forgot about thank God.
So most radios don't pick up 1700 in fact WS RF which is like 16 10 or something like that barely makes it on a lot of radios it's like on the right hand edge just like we're on the left hand edge down at the bottom of the dial.
I think five 30s like the very end on the ass end 16 10 or 16 20 used to be the upper end on the right side but now they've had this expanded frequency thing so if you've got a car radio that's like a very very brand new or if you went out and just bought a brand new radio you are one of those 400 people I can pick up this thing.
I have a radio in my kitchen when I read this this morning I went in the kitchen turn on my radio and it goes to 16 34 will it pick up the affin no we have a little radio that David gravy line gave us is.
A present when we moved in the studio downstairs and came over to Q a m will I pick it up close to 1600.
So at very jet and of course I did listen to the signal in my car leaving for work and yes I can pick it up and it's got a real annoying super headed wine on that signal number one and number two it's crackly and poppy and makes our signal sound fantastic which is saying a lot but nevertheless getting back to very.
And this is this is the best okay everybody strap yourselves in okay strap yourselves in right now.
Get ready for it get the shovel out I believe we can be on par with wq a m in a very short period of time Kalata you said the programming will be incredibly cost effective.
In other words everybody's working for like 50 cents an hour is what he's really saying I'm talking about cost effective.
Unlike wq a m the station will not have rights to any of the local teams usually an important element for all sports stations wq a m is spending more than 35 million dollars.
It long term contracts for the dolphins the marlins and the panthers wq m is also in the process of finalizing a multi year contract to carry a university of my m.
So he's a lot of spots on there now just wait see one thing let me interject again before I continue and believe me this is a long it's got their whole schedule it's got the name is everybody who's going to be listening to it.
I mean the hero really went whole hog this time you know what I'm saying the whole hog.
But those people that were complaining and it's very timely to by the way nice phony act in their joe little dog.
That comedy you put out with our program director last week see he was just trying to get cancer get out of this contract to over do what the affin didn't work.
All you want to was getting the two days suspension losing two days pay and looking like a like a hard ass.
But nevertheless those people that are complaining and pitching which has become very fashionable about the intensive spots on this radio station.
Well you can switch from one end of the dial from all spots radio to the other end of the dial to no spots.
Oh! Anybody going to buy a spot on this station? No.
No. How about a dollar a hour you want to buy some spots on the affin? No. No. Of course not.
And by the way let me just also interject one other thing I've spoken to 54,000 people since Joe's unacceptable tirade last week.
I mean the nine that it breaks our long what we need the money to pay John Henry and Wayne but the problem on this radio station with a format isn't so much all the spots.
It's those stupid goddamn sports updates. I'm listening to Hank going home yesterday when he finally came on after four minutes of theme song.
And I'm listening going home and he does his first segment there and then we go to the first commercial thing about two 14 that goes on for about six minutes.
Okay 220 which is a long break but 220 we come back do we come back to Hank? No. No they didn't sip at horrible update music comes on and as soon as you hear that music you're like oh god.
Please tell me we just got through here and the same updated to a clock. Hank came on and said hello here I am a mature and here's what I'm going to talk about today.
We played six minutes of spots and then we go into another update which you already heard this crap the worst format in the history of radio and that of course that does fall so Joe I take back what I said you're right.
Oh oh Jesus.
Kelly build it.
Anyway getting back to Buried Jack cases brilliant column this morning and by the way we're in big trouble you want to know why?
Because I heard that they got the secret weapon they're going to hire away sand the sand to do their promotions over there.
That's the deal. How can we possibly compete if they're going to have sand to sham over there?
Going to vacate that temporary orifice of his overcross the whole the whole. I don't think he'll ever vacate that orifice.
Anyway getting back to Buried Jack column calato you did my pronouncing his name right to that nobody knows.
So the station eventually will pursue rights to pro teams how do you like that you believe it huh? No.
WQ and these are guys that haven't got a pot the PN okay that more test these distraught is the big claim to fame he's coming over selling his house move it out here to Miami again.
And they're giving him a part of the station to be on the air here you want a piece you want a piece here's Robin.
Yeah she'll give you a piece.
No worries sweetheart we're going to promote the hell out of your show whatever on SBR whatever make believe station you're on.
This is a town with make believe talent make believe radio stations make believe signals and everybody's in a dream world.
Oh including Greg Reed by the way Mr. Sports Mr. Hatcha we're going to have to have a parade when we're going to knock them off in three months.
They're not even going to make a blip on the Richter scale don't you understand that not even a blip on the Mike Richter scale you idiot.
And he's running around here.
Trying to tell him to forget about it nobody can even pick the station up and he's going.
It should make you feel real good over there all you people at the app and that you already got this guy pulling his hair out and you don't have much.
Anyway Calotta you said the station eventually will pursue rights to pro teams WQM's dolphins contract has got three years left and WIOD's heat contract has got four years left.
The Marlins are in the third year of a five year deal with QA M and Ben the relationship has been rocky says Barry both parties if I've lost it against each other and like I said you want the Marlins after tomorrow's one o'clock game you can have Mokay and that came right from the head cheese.
Calotta you would station already has acquired rights now here we go again very jackass I don't want to say you never make a mistake.
Unless you were alone or with somebody has already acquired rights to Sunday afternoon NFL games as long as they don't their opposite often games on QA M is that right.
No we already have the rights to that college football college basketball the Stanley Cup playoffs that we have the rights to that so is that right.
2000 Olympics so he's got a whole list of things that QA M's already got under contract and so on up but don't confuse Barry with that you could tell Barry anything and he'll put it in the paper and of course there's nobody at the age of the time to check a video.
I think it's true because you know accuracy is not part of the heralds goal anymore just putting all those ads in there like us a lot of ads only were honest about it the hero pretends it's like a real newspaper it's just a lot of pages so they can stick all those ads in there make a lot of money and rape the public and rape the community which they've been doing for a hundred years.
Anyway let me put a little asterisk on it and we'll get back is I want to make sure that I give them all the publicity in the world I don't want them to come on and say if only that fat bag what I talked about us we might have an audience over here even though nobody can pick us up on their radios.
So I'm going to talk about you okay because we're terrified over here. We're seeing in our goddamn pants about the app and that's right. Oh my god front page of the heralds.
This thing barely even merits like I said Barry's usual column stuck way back in there with the race results and all that crap you know on the second or last page of the sports section it barely merits even and being in there and it's on the front page like something revolutionary is going to happen to broadcasting into the entire son photo community.
You people if you got them shrink over there you really do you need to shrink it.
1026 at 560 WQA and you want to give you a real thing.
560 WQAF is proud to present the seniors golfing door with Ben Hogan for hours of golf for those of you who have no personality no sense of humor really don't care about your life except for golf.
Ben Hogan is now approaching the whole that he wore his green flat pants bending over and look at that stain on the back of his ass.
Well it should be a result from being a POW back in World War II I think he was a Colonel.
1026 WQAF is putting the 9 iron back into his bag and pulling out a brand muffin.
1026 WQAF is getting back into this hole and closing the coffin door.
I thought it was dead already.
It's difficult to tell of this game.
1026 WQAF is the senior's tour on WQAF.
Yeah they'll never get that on the aff and by the way on this show we're laughing at the aff.
So when are we getting back to Barry's column which is very amusing when you come right down to it and especially you know about a subtle as an elephant in your goddamn bathroom putting this on the front page like your fool and somebody over there with a herald okay with your goddamn vendetta's which is what you're all about.
Oh yeah we're going to get them all right we're going to give these people a big send off.
Well maybe if you can get them on a spot on the dollar somebody might be able to hear them then people be concerned about okay you idiots over there you farbicin to go him but anyway getting back to Barry's great column.
The strata this is more testies now you remember him the strata no.
37 had been working as the Tampa Bay devil raised director of community development until resigning in January he's selling his home in Tampa and he'll be a resident in South Florida.
Are you ready for this he's got to buy a residence here don't buy a house.
Oh my god more testies. I'm quite comfortable talking about sports besides baseball says the strata who retired after playing in Japan in 1995.
He played one year at Coral Park High and two years at Miami Columbus High I follow the NBA in college back to ball quite extensively says I used to have a TV show a couple of times a month in Tampa.
There you go.
Calata you 36 was a successful investment banker before becoming a part time host on WQM in 1995 anybody remember him no he was a sportscaster the ABC TV affiliate in West Palm Beach I guess that's channel 12 which I guess Barry couldn't just say channel 12 in West Palm in West Palm for your nap before leaving in January 98 to care for his son Anthony who since overcome cancer Calata you said too unidentified unidentified.
Stop Florida businessmen also own stakes in the station and he's talking to a few local pro athletes about investing.
I don't I don't do you understand any of this no in other words they bought the station they're changing the format the first week in August and he owns a piece and more testies on the piece and two guys who are going to stay anonymous and probably for obvious reason and and he's still you know he's like can't be willing.
He's still looking to sell a piece here and a piece there and he buyers no no.
Here and then that is if that isn't enough okay this big front page article for a Phantom radio station on a Phantom frequency that most of you can pick up I will never find on a real radio.
Here Barry Jack has his got the likely lineup for the affin.
The stations weekday lineup will look like this 6 to 10 a.m. Don I miss who's popular morning show airs on the what was the nation's first and most famous all sports station WFA in New York the fan I must discuss his sports politics and other topics when he isn't taking deep breaths and sucking oxygen to try to look alive which you don't do very well.
10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Uh oh now it's time to get real nervous okay 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. it sounds like right opposite like lead former WQ a.m. host Scott Kaplan and sit Rosenberg on a sports talk show that will run opposite neo Roger spelled wrong with the D neo Roger's highly rated general talk show on WQ a.m. Don't buy a house oh my god.
Kaplan a former kicker at the University of Pittsburgh at a graduate of Coral Springs High currently does a show with Rosenberg on 4 lotterdale Bay CBS sports line a national service on the internet they do a show on the internet is anybody listening OK.
Now I remember them on this station on Saturdays and the weekends before the beastly read people bought this place.
I'm trying to think they make Lenny Martez they make Robert the grim creeper sound like water crime that's how good these guys are OK are you getting the drift of this yeah yeah Scott Kaplan and Sid Rosenberg the two live Jews on the 10 to 2 midday bring them on baby your best shot sweetheart now thanks got some real problems here I'm talking to that right now he's indeed.
Deep crap I think that was funny to the 4 p.m. two options are being considered picking up two hours of Mike Francesca and cross russo popular show Mike and a mad dog on New York's WFA in or airing two hours of Washington the post columnist Tony Cornheye's program on ESPN radio airing two hours of Jim Rome is indicated shows the third option if neither of the first two materializes you know Jim Rome of the contra controversy you know I'm yeah.
4 to 7 p.m. now it gets really heavy heavy.
Do the OK.
This is where I think we could have some real serious problems as if my can a mad dog ain't bad enough and I'm a son of the two live Jews Tony Colata you or more test these distrata and possibly
Daniel a bastard 4 to 7 how can you knock off a line up like that I think we're done you think we're done or finito baby finito but it though.
Colata you had interest in WQM Joe Rose but Rose as he'll stay at WQM how do you like that just when we thought he was out damn it he comes back in.
La Pasta also works for ESPN ESPN radio and it's full of crap if you ever read one of his columns you know he's really full of crap.
7 to 9 p.m. the sports night club talk show which will originate from several soft local occasions will include a woman and the two young hip males Colata you said the woman will be Judy Prado a sports anchor for telemyomy a Spanish cable TV set in other words it's starting to sound to me with
Daniel a bastard and Judy Prado and all these other Julios this is going to be like a Julio sports station and more test these distrata maybe they can do the shows in spanglish.
That sounds good to me 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. yeah let's get her on here too yeah let's get Robin Fox on air that bitch come on sweetie.
Yeah okay anyway 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. at least part of the four hours will likely include sports junkies they syndicated to a Washington DC featuring four guys in a bar.
There you go just like what George is always said a sports bar with a microphone. Yeah a gambling show from 9 to 10 p.m. is also under consideration. Oh this is what you will need a gambling show for when we already got Hank at Kaplan we already got two gambling shows on this station we need another gambling show like we need a hole in the head.
A gambling show hosted by the late Muggy Solomon 9 to 10 p.m. on the a.m. and then overnight several options under consideration including national programming from ESPN radio there you go boys and girls front page story.
It's Miami Herald something we can really sink our teeth are tooth into now. The a.m. 1700. If anybody in the audience by the way that's tried to pick up 1700 on their radio either at home or in your car or other little transistor sister and can't find 1700 let's hear from them immediately.
We leave not sooner okay. In fact I think a better way if anybody has been able to pick it up except in their brand new car like yours truly that would even be more elucidating 1700.
No speak in the English all sports radio. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line. I'm telling you the audience is probably like.
I'm preventing especially the sports there's been can you imagine the options now all you all be back and forth from one end up it from the bottom end of the top end just like Ricky Martin says there's nothing like going from the bottom of the top and he likes it better on the bottom.
Oh god.
Oh god.
Oh god.
Oh god.
Oh god.
Oh god.
Oh god.
Oh god.
Oh god.
Oh god.
Oh god.
Oh god.
Oh god.
Oh god.
Oh god.
Oh god.
Oh god.
Oh god.
Oh god.
Oh god.
Oh god.
Oh god.
Oh god.
Oh god.
Oh god.
Oh god.
Oh god.
Oh god.
Oh god.
Oh god.
Oh god.
Oh god.
Oh god.
Oh god.
Oh god.
Oh god.
Oh god.
Oh god.
Oh god.
Oh god.
Oh god.
Oh god.
Oh god.
Oh god.
Oh god.
Oh god.
話
Yo,
Oh.
Yo.
He said we have her attractions so we can go ahead and start.
ten p.s. go on here and everybody around here was going to sky is falling into
the world. Well don't you understand there's no such thing there's no marketplace
nobody cares about these things they still don't get that do they know.
God in fact I'm going to tell you something when they go on the first week in
august the best thing we can do is stop talking about a lot of this golf and
ladies soccer and all this other book and let these people talk about some
general stuff. It'll be football season by the double the guy damn audience okay
instead of talking the same talking is narrow casting so we can make Greg
Reed feel good about himself. Then it comes in this morning we're in a
jockstrap okay comes back from two week vacation comes in here we're in a
jockstrap to prove that he is mr. sports mr. macho and we still don't
believe it and by the way where those doctor pictures of you being a
blonde 40 years ago huh we're still waiting to see those. God it's working like
a charm guys you've got these people just banging off the walls around here
they're psychotic. Here's a mobile in Miami hello. Neil. Yes sir.
Neil. Let me say it again yes sir. Oh my phone was
scrapping I think I have a brand new pioneer stereo I can't pick up that damn thing
it only goes to 1600. Oh my God. The only thing that I can pick it up on is a
cheap transistor radio and it sounds like like that yeah. With a homin the
background it's annoying. Well thanks for tuning into 1700 the
affin okay and that'll be the last time. Hey and even more important have you
heard the news they're gonna make another Godfather movie. Yes thank you. We're
laughing at the affin okay yeah we heard the news and also president Lincoln
Vettabed headache okay thank you sir. 5 6 7 0 5 6 8 I don't see any excitement
about this. Of course there's nobody in town. Boy it was a pleasure coming to work
this morning it was like they just dropped the nuclear weapons all over
town there's nobody out there. All right. I'm sure it. But after
expending 45 minutes on this I think there'd be some kind of response
especially since we have all these sports people that are so concerned and
think that all you people that's all you care about all God damn they long is
is bulldog golf and soccer and if I hear one more word about basketball you
know I'm I'm driving to work this morning and I do punch over there to 17 I'm
gonna see what it sounds like and what their signal is and if I can pick it up
in the car and I punch back over to us and I'm thinking Jesus Christ how come
they're not talking about this what are they talking about basketball
basketball the next this and the next added basketball and the rules and and I
thought to myself I'm going back to the affin you know what and they're not even
speed they're going pit-a-pat in the spiny or let me know what they're like to
try to come out on there this morning but I'm going back to the affin if they
don't start talking about something more interesting than this talk about one
dimensional 5 6 7 0 5 6 the pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless level looking for
spy reports from people that can't pick up 17 under their radio dial just to
make Greg Reed feel a little bit more secure in fact the thing is calling and
saying it's coming in loud and clear by me please do it here is a candle hello
candle
do you believe this speaker hello yes get out that speaker get on the phone this is
a high-priced radio show yes okay that was good that was beautiful 5 6 7
0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T I'm saying only they'd be generous like that
picture less than town and probably that Robin the schlock whatever her name is
yeah she's in town she's on WSBR by the way she's coming in a radio near you
soon maybe she'll call us back one of these days and tell us what time she's
going to be on but not for too long honey okay don't push it see she was on
whammy that's where that all came in and somebody over there whammy put her
up to make a net call yesterday right out of the box right to be right out of
her box at the beginning of the show oh yes ciphon off that near Rogers he's the
owner when it's got the audience okay and plug this show you don't look all
that bad she's got the huge hooters out there that gigantic teats or as
managed would say 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line here's
pompano hello a meal yes sir I'm no big fan of the the Harold the
raining like that but sometimes the EQA M can get a bit ridiculous with its
broadcasting in the morning show sucks no no what has that got to do with the
Harold well they mean it's the health for more in this new station yeah but
is this is this a front page story in any market of course now of course now
but but but realistically when you hear Hank interviewing a pitching coach for
Miami higher the morning show first thing I've tried to know this morning
morning show talking about golf at six o'clock in the time morning right all right
so what do you think they're going to be talking about on the AT&T okay and
well at least I want to listen to 40 minutes of commercials every hour yeah I mean
I mean I'm not going to welcome to 17 hundred ever good time with it's your
okay great you can't wait there's a guy that can't wait let's hear from all
these other people I can't wait you know I encourage you to tune in when they
start because you know it's gonna be like bad high school radio I was gonna say
high school radio but I always catch myself because I don't want to enter I
don't want to insult my friends at KPX if I have any since that music as we all
know is better than all the other FM in this market it's gonna be worse than bad
high school radio and you know that you know that sir so this guy wants to
take an opportunity to remain if you don't like the radio station fine I understand
that and there are plenty of people there are listening between it ten and two
who are interested in sports talk radio okay I'm not interested in sports talk
radio I couldn't give a flying craft less about sports talk radio especially when
there's a whole bunch of punks on a year talking about stuff they have no idea
about or other guys on a year telling us about how much money they made gambling
than I before which they're lying through their teeth anyway most of the time
who is that interesting is it is it anything first night it's crap
five six seven that's why I took me the first two months I had a fight tooth and
nail here with these idiots out there to try to convince them hey I hate to break the
news to you I wasn't hired here to do a sports show I don't do a goddamn sports
show okay I don't come to work with a jock strap on they won't even let me
in a goddamn locker room okay so cut the crap took me two months to convince this
guy they'm audience of that the sports rules out there oh gee this is terrible
he's not even carrying that press conference today with the lady died golfer
yeah I remember Barry Jackass wrote that in the beginning oh my god what's
gonna every time Jimmy combs his hair again Neil isn't gonna interrupt the show
to put it on the air and suck Jimmy's ass you gotta let it heal up for four
hours a day anyway okay here's a mobile and Davey hello
hey Neil yes sir yes I get 1700 in loud and clear of course you need a
translator to understand what the hell they're saying all right yeah I think
they're gonna be doing spanglish sports is what it sounds like to me with a
press pronto and all these other people more test these the strata yeah they're
running a the things are implantation they're out and forced on not till just
beforebroward at three oh three of them on motorcycle sitting on the side of the
road okay thanks for the good news and keep laughing at the affin 5 6 7 0 5 60
on the 18t right also like I said if it disturbs you to hear all those spots
you'll love turning over to no spots radio there's anybody in their right
mind that would buy a spot on that station they're gonna have no audience
they're gonna have like a bunch of minor and again this reminds me it's like the
whammy of radio same thing oh and by the way we have the inside story that
Joe Rose was over there he was seen there this is a very authoritative spy report
that Joe Rose was negotiating with him and they broke it off in the negotiations
too so maybe that had something to do with Joe carrying on over here and
putting on that sham act is with with the Tony and hallway last week I think
that's what that was all about I think we buy that comedy you played with our
pussy galore there in the hallway Joe we don't buy that you're not fooling us
nobody fools the corley only 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18t line how do you
like that Joe Rose you know something here's a guide he's ex-docs they
when he cracked me up you know here's a guy who want to kiss the guy damn
ground he's a pretty good guy he's got ahead the size of Montana and I'm not
talking about Joe and then this guy's running around looking for something
better for a better deal he's over there talking to a bunch of a board
ops who are gonna make play play the radio or got an erector set and he's
negotiating with them he ought to be kissing the guy then ground that he's on
the year you know I'm talking about yeah yes you do
God had to embarrass him into fixing the goddamn gap in his teeth so it could
be on television without people peeing in their pants watching on there on
channel six wasn't embarrassing enough that he was on there with Tony
cigarette or that would be embarrassing enough for almost anybody else but
he's walking on over with the with the feminine gap in his teeth come on Joe
you better step the panties okay kiss the ground you get paid to do this crap
here's Cape Coral hello
a meal coming loud and clear over here where are you
cold keep coral 17 hours comes in and keep coral 1700 loud and clear and a
toll free number all right okay excellent they got a toll free number for the
west coast of course you can't understand what they're saying in fact they
got a toll free number for all on North America that's it let's start making
up a bunch of stuff and embarrassed this bastard and because he I'm Tonya I've
seen more him this morning already in the first hour and a half I've been in
building that I haven't last six months and believe me I'm not too happy about it
boy oh boy every five minutes Greg reads in here again
pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop and oh
in the herald alienation of affection the whatever he's talking about I don't
know what he's talking about where's it him that's what he's talking about he's
talking about mallas and Alice and mallas of fourth thought that I mean just
relax okay what is wrong with you man what is wrong with you Q.A.M. is mentioned
to hear 50,000 times are you really that stupid you don't understand that we're
the ones getting all the free publicity are you that dumb huh what do you got to say
about that Greg yeah here's a spy report in Evan Tura hello
yeah Neil good morning good morning to you sir Buenos dias I have one of these
both wake radio can't get it you can't get it on a Bose radio on one of those
right those expensive wave radios that's right cannot pick up 1700
boy thanks for laughing at a laugh and thank you so much sir this and you
you've seen those things advertised those are really great radios you know
with a great sound and they had a Bose wave those are very fancy shmancy
radios can you pick it up on there you can't pick it up and we got the general
manager with his black suit running around here days all dressed in black like
he's going to a funeral running around here going like that
about a station that you can't even pick up you know something I'd love to see
I'd love to see somebody buy IOD from Clear Channel before they put the condos
up there and block out the signal after shut it off here I'd love to see
somebody buy that thing and put it all sports and get some of these people
off their ass get them all you know what I'm saying that's what I think we
need in this joy some of these people are a little bit too complacent they
need a kick in the ass get off your duck that's right that's what they need to do
get off your duck right right now god damn it a little bit of pressure on
these people instead just sitting there thinking they can mumble their way
through four hours and everybody's gonna kiss their fat ass just for showing up
every day you know takes a little bit more effort than that you can't just
mail it in you know what I'm talking about you can't just mail in the show
you can't just sit back there in a chair with a big god damn Salami and
cheese sandwich in your mouth depending that you're some kind of a big hot shot
yeah it was hysterical I thought so put a little effort in there pretend you
want to be here okay be like me be a maniac be a mad man what do you think
people tune this in for okay this show is like a magnet I mean magnet
magnet rhymes with that's right we're laughing at the f and 17 I was so far
we've taken 728 calls 710 of them can't even pick the guy to him thing up in our
general manager to show you what a rocket scientist this guy is he's running
around a building making a hyperventilating sounds like that yeah he is
maniac I'm telling him just relax go read the Sun Centle go read Tom jikas
column he likes this or at least he likes me anyway and it cappelin god 1056 at
560 WDQN and the best part of the whole deal is this is Greg reads good
buddy this is the only guy he returned his phone calls is very jackass this
you return my phone call no thank you anybody else that works here no but very
jackass he'll call him back in a heartbeat this is as good buddy who stabs
him in the back on the front page of the newspaper nice going Greg
yeah
yeah
can't get her to date a guy that's not with you she won't touch up he
was
one
something
in
I went wrong now. I keep the least, she's the last of the end. I see her, I see her, I see her, I see her.
I really don't know where I went wrong. Maybe she hurt something else.
1103 at 560, WQN, the award winning neo-rodger show here on the Wednesday
where everybody's in the building running around in circles, screaming and shouting and having an nervous breakdown.
You know, just stay calm like me, why are you people so goddamn excitable? What is wrong with you people goddamnit?
Just stay calm. Christ!
Papa, Papa, Papa, Papa, I've never seen so much activity in here and in the year, you're in a half that I've been working in this damn joint.
They're all running around here like a bunch of, uh, draintals and heat. They're spinning around. They're bouncing off the walls.
And the good shipment ain't even come in yet today.
Good stuff, but ain't coming until about 230 is what I hear.
What is wrong with you people, huh?
Goddamn fucking idiot.
Just a little piece in the paper there because if somebody wants to take us on on a station and nobody can,
like I said before, can you imagine, can you even begin to imagine if somebody, if these people would have bought out IOD,
if they would have robbed a bank or something and they bought out IOD from Clear Channel or some station with a real signal
that somebody ever heard of before, like on the dial that you can actually find,
I can't even begin to imagine what these people would be doing here.
They'd be jumping out of windows.
And in some cases with some assistance too, by the way.
But I'm gonna tell you, I feel really wounded, our good post-personal friend, Joe Rose,
going over there and consorting with the enemy.
You got some there of Mr. Okay?
Anything good I ever said about him in the past I would draw it right now.
He's a snake.
Just keep your eye on him. He's a snake in the grass. He's a chigger in the wood pile.
The little dog.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Miami.
Nice talking to you. Okay, have a great day. Here's North Miami, Mobile and Deerfield. Hello.
New York, good morning.
Yes, sir.
1700 WAMI, Loud and Satoky.
Say it again.
1700 WAMI, Loud and Satoky.
WAMI?
Yeah, it's just like the WAMI TV station.
Uh-huh. Okay, thanks for the good news.
5-670560, they can pick it up in Deerfield.
There's a guy in Deerfield, Greg. You know what I'm saying? You better get real panicky now if I were you.
5-670560, 0560, 0560.
And I'll give you the whole line if there's anybody got any comment about that.
You want to know why because the sports, they're a darkness in this show anyway.
Although it's interesting yesterday when I make an offhand comment about people that play golf or all a bunch of faggots.
People that watch golf on television are a bunch of no-life whims.
And all of a sudden we had four hours of hysteria out there.
You would have thought that I just said that the governor's wife is a crook or something like that.
My god, these people had a nervous breakdown.
Because I told them that golf is boring and terminal.
Anybody who watches this is a no-life low life scumbag.
And I stand by that statement and everybody I've spoken to by the way since that shows that yesterday said.
Absolutely correct sir.
That's right.
They said what kind of a lifeless piece of turrets sits around watching other guys hit golf balls.
You've got to be off your rocker.
You've got to and talking about that.
Talking about people playing golf.
In fact, there you go.
You people on the f and baby because there's so many lifeless assholes down here.
Why not a 24 hour golf chance?
That was good to me on a radio.
You can broadcast all the tournaments live.
5-670560, 0560, 0560 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Volca.
Yeah Neil.
Yes sir.
Yeah I have a Corvette with the Bose Gold stereo system.
Yes.
And it kicks up excellent reception.
But 1700 sounds terrible.
It sounds like you're in an electric storm.
You can hear the dialogue.
But it just sounds really bad.
Make it feel like those last moments of Ted Bundy.
You know what, when you hear him crackling and popping and puking?
Exactly.
And speaking of Ted Bundy.
How about a shameless request on body augmentations?
Okay, have a great day.
Thanks a lot Neil.
Okay.
That's what those were Ted Bundy's last words.
By the way, is what I heard on MSNBC last night.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
That's what he said.
He was just misunderstood.
5-670560, 0560 on the mobile one line.
W-A-F-N 1700.
We want it now.
We can't wait till the first week in August.
Okay.
We want it on there now.
In fact, if I could pick it up on this guy then that Julio talk of this.
I put it on here, but I can't pick it up on this.
Here we go.
Here it is.
There you go.
There you go.
Nice single, guys.
Excellent job, Tony.
I think this is a guy that was a board op here for about five weeks.
Wait till Robert Grieper starts his own radio station, man.
Come in next week.
I bet you I want to make a bet.
Okay.
I'm not one of these compulsive gamblers like we have on this radio station, but I'll bet you by the end of this year we got 17 all sport stations in his time.
I can smell it.
They're going to have to bring in oxygen for Greg Reed.
If this is the way he's behaving just on the first day, keep in mind they haven't even changed the format yet.
There's still a lot of station that's going to happen.
That's not that you know that most of our people know comprenday.
What's going to happen at first week in August this man they're going to have to have him hooked up to life support systems just to keep him functioning.
He's so psychotic.
And I don't care if he denies it to anybody.
I've seen firsthand evidence of it.
He's been here 122 times already and it's only a little after 11 o'clock in the morning.
What did he want from me?
What am I going to tell him?
Okay.
That he's in big, deep ass trouble.
I told him my first advice is let him have the marlins after that one o'clock in the bar.
Let him have the marlins with your blessing.
Okay.
Tell them they got a page on Henry but they can have the marlins and the ship they wrote it on.
And other than that get their lot of here.
Let me do my show.
That's all I said.
And he's still going.
Still bouncing around like he's going to a goddamn funeral out there in the hallway.
Oh, the herald and we're going to sue them.
Yeah.
Okay.
So everybody, okay?
So the world because you were the dummy that made the deal with Wayne that's paying him all the goddamn money
that the underlings here ought to be making wishes.
Why half of them are going to jump ship I hear and go to the affin.
That's the scuttle what I'm getting from inside the building.
All these underpaid underlings around here.
They'll all be the first ones out the door.
If that guy over there can pay him like 350 an hour, they're gone.
They're history.
In fact, I wouldn't be surprised starting in the first week in August.
Hank is down to like 15 people doing the show every day instead of 42.
Because there's so many of these kids going to pay a lot of here.
Wait till they find out about, well let's find out who's more testy.
Okay?
Hank, we're at first basement.
Drugs the location on its skin or else it gets the hose again.
This is Debbie.
Hi Debbie.
I made the scene going through operations time.
Okay.
And some body contouring and some liposuction.
And I was wondering if it's tummy talk and lip augmentation, cosmetic
effects, surgery, face test, all of these things.
And I was wondering.
What was your start with?
Well, I need to get everything done.
Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing.
Okay, we don't do that.
No.
Could you do breast implants though?
I can't be done.
The day of the day they would do the right way.
The lotion in the basket.
How much?
5,000.
Excellent.
I'd like to have my skin resurfaced too.
Laser surgery.
Have the lambs stop crying yet?
Mommy.
Hey, excuse me.
Don't hurt mommy's little baby.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV.
Okay.
Can you make me look more like a woman?
Well, we'll have to see you first and then upon looking at you we can tell you that when we see you.
Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts, mommy?
If you'd like to.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Would you like to make an appointment?
Yes.
Okay.
There is a $100 consultation fee.
That's fine.
Okay.
Okay.
My name is Buffalo Bill.
Okay, let me give you a little information from you.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Do you want to come in for a consultation for five lessons?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Okay.
Would you like to make an appointment?
I understand.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Would you like to make an appointment?
puts the lotion in the basket.
Okay, I will talk to you in the chat, okay?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Hello?
It's fun to be the guy asked for that
because Greg Reed all morning long,
he's running around here going.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
He's lost it, baby.
He's lost it.
He's running around banging off the walls.
By the way, here's a very good fact
about the embarrassment of the junior Pan and Games,
which we lost here in South Florida
because the assholes in Dade County are all busy going.
I'm also points out accurately,
by the way, the Cuban Mr. Registration Deadline
so they're not attending anyway,
so it's a mood point.
But God forbid a young Cuban athlete should come in here.
So the games are going to Tampa,
and the guy that Hank had on yesterday
made a very good point, and that is,
you can forget about any international competition
ever coming to Dade County again,
anytime in the next 500 years.
Nice going, guys.
You banana boat assholes.
That's because the Alex Penis,
he's too busy trying to sneak through
a penny sales tax in the middle of the summertime.
Another bogus election in South Florida.
Dade County famous for bogus elections.
If you're forward, you vote.
No, if you're against it, you vote yes,
or they have an election when everybody's out of town.
Nice going, Alex, youth faker.
By the way, Sandra Sham and the NFU just came in here
and handed me something really.
I'm touched by this.
Look at all the work.
If he did as much work on promoting the radio station
as he does in putting up these stupid things like this,
it's like almost a golden-boss invitation to me personally,
invited to be a celebrity golfer.
Uh-oh.
At the second annual WQM celebrity golfer
on Friday, September 24th at the Lago Mar Country Club.
God, am I impressed by that?
Look at all the work and the time that they wasted.
Putting the other this full color embossed invitation
for me to play a stupid girl.
Nice going, Sam.
By the way, you want to go to the, uh, the, the,
two of the Affen?
Go right ahead.
We'll give you a big kiss on the way out.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
We'll pack you a sandwich.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 in pound, 5, 60 on the mobile one lie.
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Yes, sir.
Uh, I'm a regular listener and infrequent caller.
Yes.
And if, uh, if they're going to put Dan Lebeck-Harr,
Lebeck-Harr, yeah.
He, uh, I don't know if he, but he,
he can't listen to him.
It's impossible to listen to him.
And if they, at that's how I want to,
I mean, when, when he goes, goes on to that station on,
uh, on Sunday mornings,
at my radio clicks and I'm-
Who said Sunday mornings is here?
That, uh, Fort Lauderdale, every day.
No, he's on your station that day.
Oh, you mean on here, yeah.
Yeah.
And you can't listen to it.
Yeah.
Oh, thanks for the good news.
Okay. What are you saying?
I, by the one power.
Yeah. Is there anybody like, uh,
who didn't come here at a banana boat going to be on a station?
No.
No.
Like I said, it's Spanglish Sports Talk on 1700.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60.
And of course, we know how big the,
uh, Julio's love that baseball.
That's the propaganda they keep feeding us.
Are they going to those games?
Oh, how do they support them?
They're facial.
No, they're not.
They're not even eating their fish.
You know what they're eating?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line,
especially those old trolls.
We're doing a show on that tomorrow,
by the way, for the first time this week,
old, Cuban trolls.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi, new, long time list there in a first time caller.
Um, yeah, I just finished getting a 99 a quarter,
a couple months ago.
Uh-huh.
And I picked up that station, the 1700 one.
Uh-huh.
And all I can hear is a bunch of mumbo jumbo.
I mean, you may grade.
Okay, that's why they call it mumbo jumbo radio.
Have a good time with it.
Okay, that's his first call on.
Does anybody believe that?
No, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Let's go to, uh, hi, Alia.
Hello.
Hi, hi, Alia.
Neil God speaking.
Okay, now check this out up in hi, Alia.
We can't really get 1700 because there's too many big
antennas with Cuban families trying to contact the loved ones back in Cuba.
Yeah.
Okay, whatever you say, pal, whatever that means, anybody
understand what he's talking about?
No, but it sounds good to me.
You better move the station.
Okay, Tony, whatever your name is.
What is that?
Tony, uh, Katalunya, whatever his guy name is.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and these people are best parts.
See, the best part of the deal is not that they heard put it on the front page.
Not that Barry Jack asked wrote as usual, a bunch of misinformation.
But the fact that people in here are like taking it seriously instead of laughing or
asking with instead of wiping or asking with a heraldous morning.
See, when you don't know what you're doing, that's what when you're insecure, when you
haven't got the foggiest clue of what's going on.
When you just lucked into a bunch of crap because somebody else evidently had a lot of
money.
You know what I'm talking about?
Uh-huh.
Yeah, I think you do.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
I thought that these phones would be blazing.
Here's your opportunity.
Mike and a mad dog.
Don I'm a sinner morning.
Here's your chance to really have a choice.
A choice, an alternative.
All these people belly-ick in about too many spots, too much of this.
They don't like Kelly.
They don't like this one.
I'm waiting to hear it, okay?
I don't see anything going on.
And this guy's running around in a hallway like he's got St.Vite is dancing his black pants.
Of course, you know what Roy said.
He said he's got something black in his pants.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Me?
Yes.
Uh-uh.
First time this year, once on college.
Yeah, good.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Maybe if you stop looking at the finances so much, you might be able to have a little
little spirit time to go out and find a life.
That might work for you, pal.
Just a thought.
Here's Dear Field.
Hello.
Here's Dear Field.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil, I look-
I'm about to go-
I'm about to go-
I'm about to go-
Go- thing.
I wasted four hours on go.
I'm not talking about golf.
I wasted four hours on that crappy ass today.
Well, let's-
Let me-
Let me just say this.
Yeah.
I-
I-
I was- I was laying there this morning, day in the bed, and the golf game was on.
You what?
I was laying it to the high of sleep.
I woke up to golf game on home.
Yeah, you were sleeping?
Yeah, and then when I woke up, I seen this guy putting the ball in the home.
Yeah.
Then it went to a replay today.
They say, let-
That's that, so you're there again.
Uh-huh.
This is a good one.
We'll have to put my back to sleep, yeah?
One more thing.
Why do you need three four-games?
What is it?
Why do you need three four-games, don't rush.
Yeah, no, no, no, no.
Okay, good question, excellent.
What do you need three four?
You're supposed to say like that old bitch.
What do you need three four?
We'll go back and practice, pal.
I have to get out a bit.
What do you need three four?
Haven't seen that bitch again, by the way.
Thank God.
She's the epitome of what this town, how could you say all these things about this town because they're true?
That's why very simple. I'm not the one who invented the banana Republican date county. I'm not the one that chased the guy then panning games on.
No, it's all my fault. I'm just a bad guy looking to create a problem as usual. 5 6 7 0 5 60
on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in pop and oh hello. Hello Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing great? I
get 1700 unfortunately it's all Spanish. Yeah, but there's one thing I wanted to ask you is a film bit
that I haven't heard in a long time. It's about a woman who calls her husband. Yeah, okay great. You're not going to hear it today either. It's
an all same old tired stuff. If I gave in if I let the audience run to God damn show, we played a bridge tender
spousal arousal and three or four other things until they were coming out of your goddamn ears until they until they
fell out of your tank and sat down on the throne. Okay. One dimension. I got one call on the board. That's how that's how
stimulating this audience is. That's how moved they are and Greg read is running around the building. See this audience here
between 10 and two. We're all your audiences. I hate to break the news to you. Mr. if you can read the book, this audience doesn't give a
crap about all this sports and the word bull crap. They don't care. They're not interested. That's why they listen here
between 10 and took with the get entertained and it's a breath of fresh air a tremendous diversion from that same
anonymous boring direct 24 hours a day. So the idea of having an in stereo having it on both ends of the dial is enough to make
these bastards puke. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello. Deal. Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing? Great. The reason I called I thought I was doing great. I thought I was just full of it today.
And this audience is usual just because they're all out of town with those wrong with these people. And I don't know why
know. The reason I'm calling is because I never hear you talk about it before with MTV. There's a show in their
called road rule. Right. And as it's funny. I like before last I think in their introductory show they had a young Cuban girl from
Los Angeles. And they start off on around the world crews. This year that I think the theme is going to be a one year
or a Cuban girl or Mexican. I don't think there's too many Cubans in Los Angeles. No, it was a Cuban in in LA and they're all about and they started off from the
Bahamas. They met the ship and they did them first little spiel thing they do. Then their first first excursion was into
Savannah and they played a softball tournament. Oh my God. I have your ears. I don't know. The
good news. Okay. Don't watch that road rules that road MTV's been banned in South Florida. By the way we're going to put up a big
blocking thing there so it can't come in on your cable because they're consorting with Fidel on road rules.
You hear that they're banging on it down there. I think that's probably Greg. Greg is so distraught now he's banging on it.
5 6 7 oh yeah. Well there's no sense. There's no feeling. He's still looking for that. He's still got his finger on top of his head searching you know.
Bullying ball. Hey man 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line. Here's my me B. Tello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. How are you doing today? I'm doing okay. Oh you're not going to get a lot of passion about this
a new radio station. Nobody really. I mean nobody really kids nobody wants your howled. I miss and an old man on the radio and I
might in a Jew town. Yeah. I mean I just don't know you know I don't think you're going to get much response about it. I mean when
it's supposed to start Neil the new radio station. First week in August they said it's a very latest. Well watch out for the ratings right. Yeah I'm
I'm peeing in my pants. I'm nervous about those two Jews they're going to put on you. And who's on there exactly I read the article
briefly but but who's done I'm a I miss Scott Kaplan said Rosenberg who got kicked off this station because they were so boring on a
weekend they couldn't make it on a Saturday they're going to be on 10 to 2 opposite me every day. Mike and the mad dog in the afternoon from the
fan maybe huh not not not our mad dog Chris. Mike and a mad dog from the real mad dog. Yeah. You have to shake it in your
boots guys. Jim Rome. Yeah. Tony Catalonia. More testing this strata. Dan La Bastard and a bunch of other people. I'll tell you
that. And that may be a gambling show. Rome Rome's pretty cool though. Who? Rome. Don't know. You don't like Rome. Rome is crap. He's the the worst sports talk guy in the history of the
group. Come to try a controversy. He is so fake and he's like the steed cane of sports. Wait. But you know what I do respect the guy which is kind of like how you
he did his own things for many years. He didn't really give a crap and then he you know and then he made it. And now he's got a fake act. I don't
care if he made it or not is who act is fake and forced and he's not. You know. Well maybe possibly I don't think your act is fake though and you've been you know I'm not trying to compare.
I got to do with Jim. I like Rome but the thing not to show have a great day. So you're out of control. You're losing it. If you like Jim Rome I'll be more than happy to
promote if they get him on here. I'll tell you exactly when he's going to be on keep on his toes. That's the thing he's
going to be doing. We got people worried about breasts. Five six seven look at the tremendous interest we got here today in this topic.
We got any interestness at all. Of course not. And if this was like a real place. See they would realize that the majority of the audience don't
care about any of these things. That's why it's boring because nobody cares about this crap. Don't they get it. These people here are desperate. They're pulling newspapers and
magazine articles out of the waste basket. They threw away six months ago. Just praying they can get through the football season starts so they can
fake their way through. And this guy's running around here. Oh we're going to sue the hero that it's alienation of affection that it's a mallace of
fourth thought and mallace with Alice. I'm telling you it's just you know whatever happened in those few weeks of bliss in heaven where you just kind of
sit back and give it the old guilty college try and say I don't give a shit anymore. Yeah that was fun. That was great. And now all of a sudden it's like
everybody's out of control Joe Rose. He's screaming the elements wearing up a storm in the hallway trying to get fired because he's trying to get over there to
the affin. And our general manager comes back from a very peaceful week for two weeks for us in vacation and he's running around here bouncing around looking
at the rubber ball off the wall like a racket ball. We like peace. We like it nice and quiet. Just like the phone is right now real quiet. That's why we like it. Not all this hysteria over nothing that nobody cares about with all
these New Yorkers down here. Have we heard anything about Mike in the mad dog? I know I know who they are. Have I ever heard them? No. You think we get a little bit of input here. If there was any interest whatsoever but
it doesn't seem to be none more test these distrata is anybody give a crap about him or remember him. No plantation. Hello. Yes sir. Got a
lot of people. We like to be more interested in buying a new bed with generally recommended recommendations on where to go. What do you mean by that? I mean. You know where do you get yours from? You know the good dealer?
Luke back road. They're the best. Cool. Is there specific trails in your work list? Okay. Have a great day sir.
Go see Greg Nelson and Luke back road. Okay. And tell him I said hi because obviously you're a friend of his. Oh my god. Yeah. He's the best.
Greg Nelson. Of course I've been trying to get them as a sponsor for years but our sales department there to busy call on people that I want to talk about.
That's our sale and see that these are the kinds of things that Greg read if he was a real radio guy should be worried about is this grow test business that's going on here with Todd.
Reckon some of the other people and the fact we got copy that was written before with the was a baby. Those are the kind of things but you see he's not because those are radio things. Does he know anything about those things?
No. Does he care about those things? No. He just cares about the fact that he's Mr. Sports and don't let anybody else pee on his parade.
If there's anybody out there like I guarantee you the WNVA will have those games here on QAM.
Start any other kind of sport and town if they got a part cheesy team that comes in will have a new around QAM for hurricane.
We're not just doing hurricane football and basketball and baseball. We're doing the swimming. We're doing lacrosse. We're doing track and go field. We're doing what we're doing.
We're going to go and get a tapy pool pocket pool whatever they're playing over there you have. We're going to broadcast live right here on the.
Because there isn't a goddamn so called sporting event that's ever invented that Greg read. We don't want to have the market cornered on no matter how much it cost to be these and Greg's wife.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Yes sir. How are you doing great unfortunately I've been getting good reception on a 1700.
Nobody mean unfortunately what does that mean?
Because I don't want to listen to it. Well then nobody's going to force you. Nobody's going to come over at that point.
All right Neil. Not I miss he's the biggest loser known to radio.
Yeah. Okay. Jim Romney wasn't even one that was punched out by Jim Everett. Yeah.
Right. Right. He's another loser. Yeah. But now I might get a mad dog meal. They are very good. Yeah.
Jim. I think he's got a problem here. Oh definitely. Definitely. Hank doesn't know anything about sports Neil. Yeah.
Okay. I mean you know much more sports than he's been Hank.
Well there's no question about that. I'll be a little hockey. I'm still trying to find out about that continuation play in hockey.
Right. Okay. I was like I was like I was up on that I guess maybe I can catch up.
Right. As long as I get to listen to you from 10 to 2 I don't care.
Okay. God bless you sir. So there's our first call up to the Hank's and Big Trouble because Mike and a mad dog are great.
Oh you like that. I don't know. I've never I've never heard him.
Heard a lot of bottom Mike Francesca and Chris Russo you people over there at the Aff and if you're listening we're going to try to give you some pointers today to put some people on there that might actually give us a little
little tremble in our rectum. You know what I'm saying? There's a place that lots of local Yoko loser board ops glorified. I mean what is that?
Everybody every board op that comes down to Pike in his market all of a sudden they're a broadcaster. They got a radio show. They're a talk show host.
But somebody got a magic one. You know pull for your talk show host. Okay. Go entertain somebody. Well yeah.
Especially in this dead ass town five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line. Let's hear it from my kind of man. Come on let's find out.
Let's get some information on this guy. They're radio station all you losers sitting on your ass out there.
Let's put a little pressure on those people on the station who are sitting back under fat haunches maybe too much.
Here's a mobile and four lot of deal. Hello. Hello. Nail. Yes sir. Hey baby. How are you doing? Hey I don't know if you caught last week.
The New York Post they had an article about the Lyle Menendez brothers and then they were talking about Dickie Martin there.
Ricky Martin. That's not a New York Post thing and it was a on the wire service it was all over. Well I caught it in the post last week.
Yeah we had that on here about how Ricky Martin allegedly was a molested right by the father. Right. Anyway I just thought I'd run that fire because I didn't know she knew about that.
Yeah okay thank you sir we got it. Whatever whatever. We down this guy's talking Ricky Martin. We're talking about Mike in a mad dog.
That goes to show you what kind of a sports intensive found is this okay. We're talking Mike in a mad dog and here this guy brings up Ricky Martin again.
Do we ever want to hear about Ricky Martin again? No. As long as we live. No. We ever want to see him. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. We don't want to know from Ricky Ricky Tiki okay. Keep him out of our face. He makes me sick. God almighty. That damn bag. I can't stand it. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile invoker. Hello.
Yeah. Neil. He Mike in a mad dog. You and Mike in a mad dog are the greatest. They are so good. Hank is going to end up like Eric Bonzippa. Really? They are that good. I can't listen to radio forever but you the three hours, them for three hours. They are that good. If you're really intensely into sports.
Two to four I think I'm. Yeah. Two to four. So you got like 10 a.m. to 40. I think it sounds like your day is pretty well also. Yeah for a loser like me I got it made.
Okay. Thanks for the good news. Okay. Sounds like Hanson big. Morning show safe because I was a dead man and I'm safe because they got those two Jews on there that couldn't even do a weekend show on this station. But Mike in a mad dog. There might be something there. You know what I'm saying? No wonder Greg Reed was running around the hall going. He's still going.
I'm going to live like that. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line. Nobody cares about the. The fact that there are penis is going to hold an election in the middle of the summer to put another penny sales tax in there in Dave County. Nobody cares about that. And of course nobody cares if there's nobody here anyway, which is why they're going to have the election in the middle of July. Just like yesterday we talked about the governor's wife.
If Columbus we talked about that two days in a row guess how many responses they got you know 44.
44 people took time out of their big day yesterday to email the governor and tell him his wife is it and by the way few of those were supportive.
Including one guy let's see where the hell is it somebody from Jacksonville that was giving her tips on where she can buy all this other good stuff without having to pay the duty on it.
How do you like that? That's the kind of concern people we have in this town. I got that here so where the hell is that thing? Some asshole in Jacksonville.
He says oh yeah here it is one Jacksonville man wrote the tele governor about his wife's consignments store which offers upscale designers like Chanel and Gucci and suggested that Mrs. Bush purchase clothing there to avoid further media attention and avoid of course paying her fair share when she smuggles and all that stuff.
How do you like that? That's the kind of response as you get in this state. That's how concerned the people are around here. Nothing phases them.
Because this is Florida baby this is La La land just sit back trying to son get a nice melon homie gomen and relax that's all and go on play a few rounds of golf and have a couple of more happy.
You know the same thing you know Greg is running around oh my god we're going to sue them and they got information wrong you know something you better calm down give them an infallume okay give them a few doggy downers wait till a good week comes in and let them do a little number in there okay calm them down.
Like I said can you only imagine if this were a real competitor coming in here right out the window guaranteed five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in four lotterdale hello. Yes sir I would consider my can my dog to be like your cousin. They don't care to code anything they don't think anything from organization and they tell how it is yeah so it will be good to have them down here and get some real spot now.
Okay thanks for the good news there's another vote for my can a mad dog two to four in the afternoon seems to me like there's a ground swell of opinion that they're going to kick some real big fat ass five six seven we got one call off the board and that's it I thought I really thought did I think that this was going to work.
No of course not not after coming to work this morning and seeing wide open spaces out there everybody's gone now anybody with a life anybody that had more than two nickels to rub together they're long gone.
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile line we may have to play a watch your name the whole show today.
That was the name that bitch Robin Fox. Yes we have to do the Robin Fox show for four hours today.
Oh right.
Hey the baby don't say maybe come and give me what I came here for.
Oh right.
Take it out and stuff it on.
Come and do me baby on my own.
The words were fantastic.
I like classic.
Come and do me baby on my own.
I'm the floor.
I've seen for more.
Oh.
Come and give me what I came here for.
Okay.
Whoa whoa whoa.
Oh boom.
Oh boom.
Whoa whoa whoa.
Oh boom.
I'm the floor.
I'm the floor.
Ha.
Ha.
Sit.
Okay.
What did she say there?
Well I know what she said but you really couldn't understand it you know.
I could have been.
She said yeah.
Is it?
Now what she said something like a.
Oh.
I don't know.
That's okay.
That's Robin Fox.
Boom boom.
She's going to be a big radio star in WSBR.
A station with sixteen watts up there in focus somewhere that nobody even knows is on the dial.
Everybody's a broadcaster in this town.
Everybody's got another five watt radio station.
Everybody wants to use the raw materials to become a star and more power to it.
It kills them good time.
Here's Tamara.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
You're going to love Mike and the Mad Dog.
Yeah.
I've been going to I was listening to ten years ago when they just started and they say which is hockey.
Yeah.
And it's all for fat hank.
Really?
Okay.
Last thing when you're talking about the most blowing sprupp.
That'll be honest racing.
Okay.
Thanks for the good news.
Okay.
He was going good till he got to that.
5.6.7.
I'll see it Roosevelt Raceway.
We're rebuilding it by the way right out there in Westbury on Long Island.
So maybe you'll go back.
5.6.7.0.5.6.
They pound 5.6.
They're on the mobile one line.
See what credibility is he got to have like that.
Tell me how great Mike and the Mad Dog are.
And then he's knocking harness racing because he doesn't understand it.
He'd rather sit out there with the a thoroughbreds.
You know, for half hour of baking his brain in the sun.
Changing his mind 200 times.
Always rereading that goddamn racing form.
With the unofficial workouts that half of Martin even the right horse.
But nevertheless,
here's the four-letter deal.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
I want to talk about the signing of Edwards for dolphins.
The signing of what?
Dixon Edwards.
Sir, what are you talking about?
What line would you are you speaking?
Into dolphins, signing a line, backer to the...
Why are you talking to me about that?
Why would you talk to me about that?
Sports talk show.
No, this is not a sports talk show.
What are you talking about crap?
I'm talking about crap.
That's the...
Let's talk about crap.
What do you got to say about crap?
Miami Harrel's the whole story about that.
I don't even want to listen to it.
Well, then go find...
Go find somebody else to play with.
Okay, pal?
Go find somebody wearing a jock strap.
Maybe the two you can have a good time together.
Dixon Edwards.
Yes, sir.
This is the problem.
Guys like this.
Kids, punks.
Punks.
Punks who think that this is important stuff.
I don't give a crap about Dixon Edwards.
About Dixon, uh, and a Dave Dixon since he just died.
In fact, I'd rather talk about Dave Dixon than Dixon Edwards.
How do you like that?
What do you know about anything, pal?
We're not talking about crap.
We're talking about important crap.
Mike and the mad dog.
You know who they are?
No.
You don't even know our mad dog.
Jesus, Kate Christ.
See, this is more like back to this again, okay?
You know something?
I'm gonna say this very emphatically,
even though Greg Reed would have tears in his eyes.
This would be the best thing to happen for Affin to come in here.
The big stop laughing and affin.
Big 1700s.
And kick this place in sports shows right in the ass.
So we can start putting some people on here talking about something interesting and humorous
that amusing and entertaining.
Besides Dixon Edwards signing with a guy named Dolphins.
It's 150 goddamn degrees in the shade.
It's the 23rd of June.
And this punk is calling up here about football.
How about going over there to Barcelona?
Maybe you can take a shower Lawrence Phillips too, okay?
Before he beats the crap out of your girlfriend, you jackass.
They wouldn't let you ask into Barcelona, okay?
They take one look at you and they go, eeeh!
Yeah, that's what they would do.
Puts.
Here's a mobile in Aventura. Hello.
Hey, nearly how are you?
Okay.
You know, where is Mike and the Nadeau from?
What do you mean where they from?
Are they from another state?
They're from the fan in New York, of course.
Oh, so it's gonna be through the, you know, through the, whatever they call that.
It's not gonna be live.
It's gonna be live, but it's gonna be syndicated.
It's not gonna be on tape.
I got you.
Well, actually, it's good to bring some new blood into this business.
I like it.
Besides your show and Hank, there's really nothing more to listen to.
Well, you can't listen to Hank and Mike and the Nadeau at the same time.
Oh, it's gonna be on a different station.
Right.
That sucks.
I'll come 560, you didn't take them up.
They're gonna be, it's gonna be on at 1700, W.A.,
this is a big story.
It's right on the front page of the hero this morning, sir.
I gotta get a, I gotta get a copy.
Right on the front page, Barry Jackass wrote it.
You know, it might be true or not?
50% chance is true and 50% chance is for it.
It's true, they're coming.
Okay, thank you.
Okay.
Oh my god.
What, when do you people, go read a newspaper, turn on, see, this is the problem again.
This radio station, I'll never forget when I was still at IOD.
And they went to this all sports format.
And I would, every now and then turn it on and it really sucked, by the way.
And I would turn it on and it would come time like we were like in war in the Middle East.
There were like some rotesting was happening.
And no matter what was going on, they weren't talking about it.
Their news breaks were sports breaks, sports updates, and we keep repeating these things over and over again.
You know, like it's important, like people who are actually larger than their thumbnail,
give a crap about these things.
We can be having like, they can be slaughtering 25 million people in Eurasia.
And we're talking about our casey stangle is making a comeback, okay?
Even though he's been dead for 20 years.
And I thought to myself, what, what kind of mindless simpletons would listen to this call?
A crap.
If we ever hurricane, do we have a news wire here?
No.
We had a ponytail come in the first day that we were on here and bring us to TV set.
And we had to get the guy that I'm a small dish put in here by our satellite friends.
Otherwise, we'd have no contact with the outside world.
If we declare nuclear war on China in two minutes, will we know about it here if we didn't have this TV from ponytail?
No.
But if Dixon Edwards trying to guide them contract, or if one of these other illiterate jocks
beats up their girlfriend again, then we'll have it on for you in a heartbeat.
Because that's the important stuff.
If some illiterate basketball player comes down here to go on here and be talking about your craft,
then we got that on there for you right away.
The whole premise of this all sports thing, it's madness, it's sickness, it's insanity.
Oh, but that's the important crap, man.
Yeah, you're right, Paulo, kid that called me for, it is crap.
You had the right word, crap, with a capital K.
560, 560, 0560 on the mobile one line.
I hope they knock all the sports talk off this radio station and forces to be like a real station 24 hours a day.
That's what I hope.
I'm pulling for the affin.
Here's Miami, hello.
Neil, first time caller.
Yes?
How you doing?
It's great.
What's the deal with the hang?
I'm just tuning late to get them off the air.
What do you mean to get them off the air?
What does that mean?
Oh, they take them off, it's what replaced them.
Yeah, he's leaving.
They're the hang's last day.
Can I vote for hang, though?
Can I tell you why?
I'm listening to you, sir.
I'd like to get two sentences in before I get interrupted and hear about all the babes he has at these strip joints.
Yeah.
I love that.
And?
Can I call somebody a douchebag?
Yeah, go look at the mirror.
560, 0560, 0560 on the mobile one line.
Boy, and I wonder the good stuff didn't come in yet.
Yeah, he's got it.
Here's a mobile in Tamarack, hello.
Mobile in Tamarack.
Neil, my radio never leaves this station from like seven o'clock in the morning to that six at night.
But if I'm not micening the man down, I definitely think of that first.
Wow.
This sounds like a death knell for our good close friend, Hank.
I used to live in New York and that's the only people I like to listen to over the radio.
So if they come on, Hank's definitely going off my radio.
Yeah, but can you pick up that station on your dial?
No, it's not even on the internet, so I can't listen to all that station down here.
No, I'm talking about 17, I'm here.
Yeah, I can pick it up on my car radio and that's where I listen to everything.
You're the one.
Okay, have a good time, pal.
Thanks, sir.
How do I mic in a mad dog?
Okay, there you go.
Mic in a mad dog.
There, we're building a gigantic piece of momentum here now.
Do you know what I'm saying?
Maybe we'll get those 60 or 70 people that sit in there on their ass all day during Hank's show off their butt.
See, it was their fault yesterday.
If they would have said, hey, fatso, you're on the ear now.
We wouldn't have had four and a half minutes of God, they're rolling stone's music.
Which I mean, you know, that song was good.
The first 40 or 50,000 times.
But it's a little old and still now, you know what I'm saying?
Just like that one other one, and we have to year over and over.
Now, the League of Recharges citizens will prefer their rendition of greenery.
Don't make fun of them.
They were very hard for this.
Hello, everyone.
Hello, everyone.
Hey, just like that one.
Four minutes to noon at 5.60 WQM.
You're once prominent all sports station now.
Greg Reed says he's waving a white flag.
He's standing in the hallway right now.
Wave in a white towel says we already can see.
They haven't even gone on the air yet.
Nobody can pick him up on the radio.
Nobody can even find 1700 with both hands.
And yet he already concedes.
That's what happens when you really know your crap, okay?
So like I said, they have a punk that called before crap is the appropriate word.
You're right on target, man.
You're a lot closer than you think.
Oh!
Now we can see we're here.
Hi, everybody.
We're starting today.
Hey, dude.
Jennifer Capriotti here.
And when I'm at the left and balls on the court, I'm getting stones off my ass.
And I get my best hit off the Jennifer Capriotti's tennis ball can bomb.
That's right.
It's the Jennifer Capriotti tennis ball can bomb.
Cops will never suspect it.
It isn't looking bad.
Just empty the balls.
Screw on the ball.
Fill it with water and you're set to destroy brain cells.
The Jennifer Capriotti way.
Oh, it's just so smooth.
It's the bomb that sinks its tennis ball can.
It's tennis ball can that sinks its ball.
First he's benefit with Jennifer Capriotti legal defense, but normal approved.
From 0-2 at 5.50 WQM, the hangover showed 2 o'clock, 6 o'clock we got one.
Oh yeah, Donny ZB talking baseball because we got the Marlins going to lose another one in New York against the match.
705.
Tomorrow we got a big day here, baby.
505, the pregame show.
We got a day game tomorrow.
Last Marlins game before we turn it over to Tony, he watches the game over there at 1700 at the Affen.
See, I think it's great that this other thing is coming on because then we can divert like that punk that called before about Dixon Edwards and Dixon Ward and Dixon Ward and Dixon this one.
Whatever he's talking about.
He can have a place to call, he can roost over there, okay, and talk to those two Jews who are going to be on there in midday.
Who want to talk about that crap?
See, it's one thing, like if you're interested in sports, go watch it, go watch a ball game, go play it, whatever.
But what is there to talk about?
What do you have to be talking about at 24 hours a day if you want to go gamble fine?
Oh, I had the four, it reminds me of Fat Rich.
I had the four over the 178th.
Nobody cares.
Nobody wants to hear about that.
Did you catch the ticket?
No.
So what do we, you know, hold on a seven broke at the wire and the eight was like, nobody cares, okay?
Not interesting.
It's boring.
It's ponderous.
Here's Pembert Pine, tello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I just wanted to make sure I called in and for once and said, I really enjoyed your show.
Yes.
And the left sports for your station to better off you guys going to be.
Right.
And just want to say something to Mike.
Whoa!
Okay.
Okay, well thanks so much for that tremendous effort, sir.
I know that's going to, uh, that's going to live in our memories for a long time.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile and sunrise.
Hello?
Mobile and sunrise.
Yeah, how you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
Hey, I travel the state back and forth from Tampa to work over in Tampa.
I work over in Miami also.
I'm so sorry.
I get the fella that's coming over here is trying to copycat the sports animal over there with the 12-5 deal.
That was the same kind of programming.
And like you said, the, the Roe and the show will pull the little, the little punks out about it speaking, uh,
smacks the talking kids out of it.
But, uh, as far as QAM goes, you know, you're the anchor in through there.
Your show is very entertaining and people that like you stick with you.
But it seems like so many others are trying to be copycats of it.
And if they do dialogue radio instead of monologue radio, uh, might be interesting.
What does that mean?
Dialogue radio instead of monologue radio?
What does that mean?
What is sports radio is fun?
It's enjoyable.
No, it's not.
No, it's not.
I'm wasting time.
I never, I never, I never think.
I'm, I want to tell you right now, I never in my life heard a sports talk show that was entertaining.
I hear people can be entertaining when they're talking about other stuff.
But as far as hearing a sports talk show that was entertaining, no, it's not the least bit entertaining.
Well, when you have miles and miles to drive or hours and hours to do nothing, it's entertaining.
Uh, you can dialogue that.
No, it's not.
The talk radio is entertaining.
General talk radio, if there's somebody on the air who knows how to entertain, who's interesting and off the wall, that's entertaining.
But talking about some ball game, and why didn't they do this and why did they do that?
It wasn't really a goal and wasn't it a goal?
And that's not entertaining.
Well, if you're not looking to take it too serious, I'm not worried about what's going on about it because I can't change it.
Yeah, I would just assume, listen to an interview of somebody talking about a sports talk show.
Yeah, but let me ask you this, if they were dropping nuclear weapons in Bosnia right now, don't you think maybe you might want to know about it?
Well, I'm sure, yeah, I said I'd like to be cut in on that. That would be interesting to hear.
Oh.
But I mean, as far as general outside of that, I don't want to hear, you know, who's a shoe, who's a smart shoe, who's a smart shoe, though, this has any other stuff.
I'd like to hear something positive, something interesting, you know?
Like what?
Well, how about, let's talk about the haul and the call over there.
The last call and the family cup.
That was last Saturday night. This is Wednesday. What more is there to say? It was a bad call. They blew it. They lied about it and that's the end of that.
What do I, what else? What is there to say about it?
Well, if you took a frame by frame, it wasn't a bad call.
Sure, it was a bad call. I've seen it 50 million times. I've been watching hockey for 40 years.
I don't know how many frames you looked at. It was a bad call. The goal came out of the crease. His skate was still in the crease.
No, wait.
If you look at the puck, the puck came into a skate. He kicked it to his, and he was out of the bowl.
Sure, you're on the other side.
You're on the other side.
Absolutely, positively wrong. He had his skate fully in the crease. The puck was a good footer to out of the crease. He has to come out. Once the puck comes out, you've got to come out.
And this is why Sports Radio is garbage.
Because you, though, people like you, know what you're talking about.
There isn't one person in America except for John David, who knows nothing but a fat shill.
There isn't anybody in North America that agreed with that goal.
And this guy, well, if you take a frame by frame, how about this is a pro-der film of the assassination of a president Kennedy?
Let's take a look at that frame by frame, okay, sir? Something important.
Not about some stupid go-beings scored in a frickin' hockey game at 130 in the morning that a lot of us got sucked into watching.
Which made the whole thing meaningless because it was the wrong call.
This guy is unbelievable. He don't want to hear about war in Bosnia or Yugoslavia or the guy that have fixed elections in Miami or they're putting a sales tax in.
That's going to screw him like crazy and have an election in the middle of the summer. He don't want to hear about that stuff.
He wants to argue incessantly and he's what's wrong with a human race, this guy right there.
Maybe spending too much time over there in Loots that might have done it to you, sir.
Too much time in Loots.
Good, golly Miss Molly.
How could any person in his right mind listen to a discussion like that?
Knowing up front that one of the parties hasn't got the faggiest idea what he's talking about.
Jeff Cohen knows more about the goddamn goal on Saturday night and he was busy getting late at that hour.
He don't have time to watch in stupid hockey games. He was in the middle of some wild orgy with about 10 under aged chicks.
And your calling this show and giving me a song to dance about what's interesting.
Your about is interesting is stepping in a big pile of elephant crap.
Okay, sir. That's how interesting you are.
You had this guy had that Tampa sound to him. You know I'm talking about.
Yeah. He had that West Coast floor sound to his voice.
So maybe ought to quit traveling over there so much, sir, because believe me, it rubs off.
God, I am in my wildest dreams.
I can't believe that here on a Wednesday, five days after the fact that we still got people calling them and they have no idea what they're talking about.
This guy must be related to the guy that told a Hank that Sue Barnes has in score since before Matthews was a baby.
He must be related to that guy.
How can it be interesting? How can it be entertaining when most of the people don't even know what they're talking about?
Like Barry Jackass. I got a general manager I work for here. I call him up. Does he return my call?
No. Anybody else call him up? Do the beesleaves call him up? Does he return a call?
No. But if Barry Jackass calls up, he's on the phone immediately.
His good post friend Barry Jackass and he's running around the building.
Oh, lawsuit, lawsuit. He got it wrong.
Maybe if you spend more time taking care of business inside here, like this old outdated copy we got speaking of a fuselage and trying to excel here, striving for excellence instead of just sitting back on your ass.
Maybe we might get somewhere instead of just having your boyfriend and an air and a promotion department that doesn't do anything except sitting around making up certificates to invite Neil to play in a golf tournament that's in a waste basket right now.
Maybe then we might get something done.
But this guy's worried about Barry Jackass. How could they do this to me?
Because you don't know which side your ass is buttered on. That's the problem sweetheart. That's the problem right there.
What the hell did you bring in here? They about 500 pounds of food or something. This wasn't going to mommy's house today.
Oh, I still haven't told a story about my killer mom.
About the Mondal Breit. She took to her diabetic neighbor upstairs who's got diabetic neuropathy and has no feeling left in his leg.
And she brings a Mondal bread loaded with sugar. Nice going mom and about my dog being the veterinarian now because we went away for the weekend.
Anyway, 10 pounds last week and now I weighs 11 and a half pounds and he's bleeding on the floor.
And as sick as a dog if I can use that expression. Nice going mille corvorkian. See it lunchtime sweetheart.
Yeah, she ought to have a restaurant abroad. Big sign on the far. We'll kill you with kindness. Have some Mondal bread whether you want it or not.
10 afternoon at Qion.
Two more traction in the church.
Miss Summer, there's no law of a loser.
So you got to see loser poloos.
Loser poloos. 1999.
No kids on the box.
Five down.
Gerardo.
Three, four, and one.
Marky Mark and the funky bark.
Because Marky Mark is very man.
And the guy from Millie Vanille that handed kill himself.
Training for the brain.
Loser poloos are 1999 sponsored by value jack master of ceremonies.
Kato Kyl and and mine a co-incy.
Loser poloos are 1999.
Loser poloos.
Fluff 15 at 560 WQAM were changing format.
Hungarian, Missouri starting Monday.
Not that we're cave in any understand.
Not that very jackass in the hero got us nervous over here.
You understand it? Good.
Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Yes, sir.
That's what we need in the sports show, right?
Yeah, another sports talk.
Let's have 20 sports talk stations.
Yeah, like so.
As always, like that last guy keep calling and talk about frame by frame.
He's probably sitting there watching and frame by frame now.
Yeah, like I want to hear cell from Brooklyn calling it about the jets.
Yeah, and Billy the jet fan, right?
Like I want to hear Jose from Miami call about the hurricane.
Right.
You know, I mean, it's like, can I call something to you, Fred?
560, 705, 60, 05, 60 on the 18-inch wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Key West. Hello.
Yo, Dale.
Yes, sir.
Listen, I agree with what you said before.
Maybe bring another sports talk show in.
We'll make some of these guys even pretend like they're having a good time.
Yeah, because I just think to me, Hank Goldberg is the most...
Where's he, the last angry Jew in Miami?
Oh, he's not the last angry Jew.
I think there's two or three others left.
And all he talks about is how much he's getting, how much money he makes, the place he's going.
Yeah.
He couldn't get laid in a whole ounce with a fifth full of 50s.
Yeah, how about 20s?
Maybe 20s.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
And Hank says, thank you so much.
560, 705, 60, 05, 60 on the 18-inch.
Of course, these people that are calling, by the way, can tell you everything that Hank said yesterday,
after the thing music finally died out, and every other guy named day of the week.
How long did that play, like 20 and a half minutes, that teen song yesterday?
Good.
When you got us, we start that thing over again.
The song lasts for 7 and a half minutes, okay?
That's the only thing.
Fourteen times they had to restart that thing until finally somebody poked Hank into ribs,
and we'll come up and say, hey, you're on, okay?
So, okay, fine.
Are we on?
That's always my favorite one.
He says, are we on?
But now I think that we got Mike in a mad dog coming.
It might just, you know, then you don't become so complacent anymore.
It's easy to sit back on your own haunches, especially when you got, you know, big haunches.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
I'm a Neil Rogers fan.
I've never in a million years with listened to a sports radio program.
Good.
That says a lot of good things for you, sir.
Well, for talk is for imbisels.
It's for idiots with no lives.
Basically, but I am.
For people that want to talk about golf, they want to argue about who's got the biggest ball.
You know what I'm saying?
Exactly.
I do find that Mr. Goldberg pretty entertaining, though.
So, I've heard that there's a lot of work.
You know something.
He'd be 100 times more entertaining if he stops on the board.
What's the idea about seeing the radio?
A loser that I am, I'd be listening to him day at 24 hours.
Okay.
I have a great day.
I have no idea what he's saying.
I'd rather, I'd like to see Hank take one day and say, I'm not talking about anything about sports today.
Because there's nothing going on.
And I'm going to talk about any, whatever other crappy wants.
That would be 50,000 times more entertaining than hear it about the, you know, the over and under is 19 and a half.
And, oh, Jesus Christ.
What I tell you yesterday, you gamblers out there, you're killing us.
That's why they need a new sports talk station in this town, because the gamblers are destroying this radio station.
We got, this is the only station in America that's got its own GA meetings inside the building once a week.
And most of the board apps, by the way, are forced to attend now.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi, Neil.
You know, I enjoy your show a lot, and I'll follow you wherever, wherever you go.
I'm going to 1700.
I'm talking about that right now.
What's that?
I said, what is it?
Yeah, but you are on a sports show, you know?
No, I'm not.
You're not on a sports talk and entertainment thing.
No, sir, I hate to break the news to you. I wasn't hired here to do a sports show.
You got it?
Yeah, but you carry hockey pretty well.
If it's your team, you talk up of storm.
And?
And, you know, that's what it is.
And that's what what is?
What did you just say?
That's what it is.
That's what what is?
You're on a sports show.
You're on a sports show.
Sure.
You understand.
Let me say it again.
I wasn't hired here to do a sports show.
I don't do a sports show.
I'm not going to do the Neil Rogers show.
That's what I was hired.
I do the highest rated show on its station by far.
It's not a sports show.
Yeah, you do.
But if it's your hockey team, you need to be talking about it.
Because Neil Rogers is interested in hockey, okay?
That's right.
That's one of the things I'm interested in.
That's why it's not on the Neil Rogers show, okay?
It's not the Jose Jimi in his show.
And have a great day.
Whatever you're saying, okay?
Mr. Provocative there.
Anybody know what he said?
No.
God.
You want a sports show?
Yeah, right.
I'm a misspoke.
I said that it took the first two months to get that out of their system.
Here we are 18 or 19 months later.
And they're still hucking a Chinese.
Because this outfit is too gutless to say sports and entertainment.
How are we going to make my phrase it?
Oh no, it's sports talk radio.
Is it real?
And by the way, they're going to have IMS on here in the morning at 17 o'clock.
Does he do a sports show?
No.
That dead man, of course not.
But that's okay.
Do I give a crap as long as the text is clear?
No.
Couldn't care less.
It's a golf show, Pat.
You better get it right.
It's a goddamn golf show.
That's what we do every day between 10 and two.
Starting, I think the first week of August, I'm going to start going real golf intensive.
Here's a mobile intel raid beach.
Hello?
Hey, male, am I on?
Yes sir, sound like you.
Listen, the headlines on the Palm Beach post yesterday.
Signs go up, enforcement begins, and bokeh beach.
No smoking.
On the beach?
On the beach.
How can they have no smoking outside?
No, why can't smoke at the stadium?
No smoking?
The stadium is not outside.
I mean, the stadium is open air, but it's still a building.
How can you let us go?
The whole fact that you're in the L yesterday's Palm Beach post.
Yeah.
And the lifeguards will enforce.
Great.
Yep.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
Okay.
No smoking on an outdoor beach.
How is this possible?
You know, depth points is one by one.
The depth cone definitely is full of my lunch.
You blood in this antipods.
When I'm sitting here eating some of it,
and I'm going to go to mommy's for lunch today.
But at least that way, she won't kill me with overfeeding anyway.
Like she's trying to do to my little dog.
That way, ten pounds last Wednesday when he went for his rabies shots.
And come back Sunday night and all of a sudden this dog has got bloody squirts, okay?
Do you have any idea what that's like when you come in?
And you look around in your house and you just want to sit down on the floor and cry.
You don't know where to start cleaning.
You just want to cry.
Nice going again, mom.
Eleven and a half pounds.
You wait ten pounds last Wednesday and even after all that,
and Pukin, he still wait a pound and a half more yesterday at the vet,
which is where he still is.
Because of his pancreatitis that keeps getting irritated because somebody keeps overfeeding him
and feeding him people food.
I don't want to mention no names.
And I don't know that if I had a neighbor who had diabetic neuropathy
with losing the feeling in his legs and was that far gone,
I don't think I'd be taking him any mandal bread, okay?
How about a bag of pure diamond sugar with a straw?
How does that sound, huh?
Little water in it and a straw.
Here you go. This will taste really good.
But it wasn't really that much.
No, that's all it takes, okay?
It's like finding a guy, somebody that's dying from cirrhosis of the liver
and bringing him a bottle of Jim Beam.
That should do it.
This should put you over the edge out of your misery.
Millie Kervorkians.
56670560, pound 560 on the 18T line.
I'll tell you one thing.
I'll never talk about my mother like George did here last Friday.
I'm driving to my airport. Did you hear that?
What you had to hear it?
I'm driving to the airport and George is calling his mother a slot and a horror and a scumbag.
And what is that?
What the hell was that?
I mean, he's always telling me that nobody in a family talks to her.
I just can't stand that sloth.
I'd start getting a little carried away there, okay?
I mean, my mother means well, the fact that she's killing everybody in her sight.
She just, you know, she can't help herself.
See, I told you, Jeff Cohen is killing me here.
I'm jagging on this.
I'm eating two fast.
I shouldn't be eating anything at all.
I got lunch coming up.
Kill me with food.
Did I answer this food?
No.
Did I want food?
No.
Didn't I say I'm going to mommy's for lunch today?
I don't want any food.
Uh-huh.
And he comes in here within any pasta.
Kill him again.
Uh-uh, Jeff Kavorkian.
The Ganta Mishbhaka.
The whole family is in town.
Killing us with kindness, with food we don't want and can't eat.
Here's a mobile-eh!
And Hollywood, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
First of all, I'd like to tell you the only radio I listened to is your show.
And I snapped that sucker off quickly when the sports stuff comes on.
But I was totally intrigued at that.
I didn't get the radio snapped off fast enough and he got the music coming and the Hank show.
And the poking him away.
I was totally transfixed.
It was unbelievable.
Absolutely.
And I don't blame Hank for that.
I blame the 72 kids that are working on that show.
How come they can't get him on here?
I know the beast was in there screaming and carrying on like a maniac.
But nevertheless, what about the other 70 kids?
Production values of that show are so weak.
It's unbelievable.
I have a spy thing for you.
A friend of mine was at a luncheon yesterday where the four top PR people of the four top major league sports teams in South Florida.
Yeah.
We're there.
And one of the questioners was, what do you all do about Neil Rogers?
And the guy for the panther said, well, nothing.
The guy is so knowledgeable.
He knows more about hockey than anybody in South Florida.
And what do you do about that guy?
But let me tell you this.
He kills us.
He kills us every day.
And the guy from the Marlins chimed in and said, he kills us too.
So you were the subject of the talk at the luncheon yesterday.
Yeah.
What do they do?
What do I have to do with them?
All they monitor what I was talking about.
I'm just like they monitor the press.
Yeah.
So, well, screw them is what I say.
And have a great day.
All right, Neil.
Kill them.
I'm the one that put all the asses in those seats at the God damn panther games.
You better believe that.
It wasn't those crappy teams you put on the ice the last three years.
I'll guarantee you that.
But, someday, the spokesman, he'll be on the bus and he'll be out of town.
And we can get some real hockey people in here.
Not that anybody in town cares.
See, that's the best part of the whole deal.
Not only do we need 45 sports talk stations, this is near the sports town in the first place.
That's the best part.
Every one of these colors, it's the same damn thing.
The cone says, eeeh.
Like that guy that called before about watching that goal frame by frame.
You can watch it frame by frame.
I'm from now until God damn Harold Ballard comes back to life.
And guess what?
It's still not going to be a goal.
Okay, Jackass.
I'll see in the lutes.
Okay, I'll see it to Crystal and the drive-cure at Crystal and the lutes.
God.
26 past the noon at 560 WQM.
This is the day.
I don't know what that could be.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
When the fog explodes over every U.S.H.M.
Races are still too strong.
Many ones are red as a monkey's ass.
And this rain was in his zone.
The wind's out of the world's game.
There's a secret to get saved.
We all feel great, Jackass.
Where you talking about China, don't talk.
Whoa-ho-ho.
Wow, I'm gonna die.
Here's campaign was awesome by the Commie.
And training for the planet to make the move.
The greatest moment of the night was never not.
It was wrong.
He's been a career with still and all the time.
Now and not safe from the red.
I'm a stage with no fees again.
Hail to the coward in chief.
Oh, what?
We're here for the rainbow.
Oh-ho-ho.
I'm your target man.
I'm gonna die.
Wow-ho-ho.
China die.
It's a club 32-05-52.
Here's the facts about what you're doing.
It's 770 on a West Coast.
It's just your information.
Cory is good on Fox.
He'll be a guest in my local Sports Talk show this afternoon.
The promoters arrive in four miles and say hello to QAM 770 listeners.
Can you believe this?
They're calling 770, which used to be WCN over there in four miles.
Now it's 770 QAM.
Only the beesleaves could come up with a scam like that, huh?
How can there be two WCNs?
Two different spots on the dial.
Huh?
Now if they can do that, how come Tony Walsh's name over there can't do a WFAN in Miami?
We'll just start stealing other callers.
We'll start moving them all around.
I mean the affin.
We're still laughing at the affin.
I didn't gonna go over, but the fan.
There you go.
Sounds good to me.
So here's a good report on Cory saving after that scathing thing we got yesterday.
Man, that guy ripped him an ass.
He said go back to Mizzula, Montana.
You know, our TV forever.
And the guy's only been out a couple of ways.
Give him a chance.
Then rip him an ass.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's for a load of Dale.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Remember that guy before who was talking about like you got sports broadcasts and stuff?
Yeah.
There's one thing you're talking about.
Important things like that guy.
Gene yesterday.
If you was dead or alive.
Gene Rayburn, right.
Do you know how come that didn't get on you, huh?
This guy's got it all the way down to with me.
He wishes.
He's the ant-kitted, he's cranking it, he's peeing all over his leg.
And somehow he didn't get on here.
God, that was so clever, you know what, man?
God.
Maybe someday if I do this long enough, I'll figure out how to deal with assholes like that.
But in the meantime.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Isn't the great holiday that little kids are out of school now?
How the 10-year-olds like that one?
Dynamite.
CNN used to be in the old days when a kid's right at school in the summertime.
We'd hear from young living and breathing people who didn't have a chance to call us the rest of the year.
Now I'll be getting our assholes like that.
Mouse brewers.
Call up and go.
Eeeeeeeeh!
And then they start squeezing their boyfriends.
You know what I want to say about that one here, yeah.
Push.
Here's a lady in Palm.
What is that Palm Beach Gardens?
Yeah, it's Meary.
Oh, hi, Meary.
I had a joint.
Okay.
I want to talk about, you know, a fritz ball.
I like dry concepts.
Yeah.
I've had it.
It was really, really good.
I really, really good.
But I want to talk about this Anthony Moreno.
Who?
Anthony Moreno.
Is that?
College kid.
I don't know if you heard about him.
No.
No.
Well, what did he do?
This poor kid, right?
He had another guy.
Another guy, the draft of this kid,
that hit him as a picture on the college kid.
Oh, that kid.
Yeah, you're talking about it's...
Yeah, and you know what?
And the cops took him.
Yeah, attempted murderers, will I call it?
I would, too, that too.
When you?
Yeah.
Got it, really, Bob, as many, you know, as a detective.
You know, I don't understand.
I don't understand.
You don't understand.
Sports now, the bigger the gangsters you are.
Well, he goes like this.
He was timing his, uh, bitches.
Is that life?
It's full of crap.
And I, you know, I come from Boston, so, you know, we lost Tony Coney Goliath real.
Right.
What was the name?
Tony Watt.
Anyway, you know, when it's not right.
Tony Watt.
Can we go the arrow?
Can we go the arrow?
Yeah.
Yeah, I'm from Boston.
Uh-huh.
But I'm just saying, you know, this guy was standing off deck.
We never stood.
And we didn't stand at 1,000 times, right?
And he hit him in the eye, and he had 90 miles an hour.
Right.
100 stitches.
Right.
Now, this kid's not going to do anything ever.
Right.
How about Latrine Spiewella?
Try to choke his coast now once, but twice.
And now, come to his corner, a few points in that snowball, they're playing.
Oh, hey, isn't he great in our tonight?
All of a sudden, Bullcrem.
See, it doesn't make any difference.
How much of a scumbag?
How much of a lowlife?
This guy's a scumbag.
Now, um, the, the, the, the, the cops, they have to disguise.
Yeah.
From a $6,000,000.
Yeah.
This other kid is a scumbag.
How about Mike Tyson?
He's going to go out there and he's going to, uh, he and the, uh, 65-year-old George Foreman
are going to swing in each other with lean-mean grillin' machines, and he's going to make $20 million or whatever it's going to be.
How do you like that?
That way, I don't know, I don't know, but I just, this is full craft to me.
Right.
Because we lost somebody's up there.
That's why we're really, really, really good.
That's why we're getting rid of all sports radio, because it's done at the broadest of, you know, it's, it's a big deal.
The only thing that this, you know, did this on the street.
Right.
Okay, well, I'll see you in Boston, Mary.
Have a nice day.
Is she from Boston, by the way?
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line, the glamourization and the glorification of scumbags, you know, like Cecil.
Well, Cecil did this and Cecil said it, and it's always on a first-name basis, too, you know what I'm talking about?
Like Latrean.
Oh, he'd be doin' good for the next-that Latrean.
Yeah, he never met a coach, he didn't choke, he's choking it.
See, that's another reason that I find this also anxious because it disposes.
I mean, there's glaring.
It's like an open oozing sore just staring you right in the face.
It exposes for the world to see the fact that so many of these sports holes, these low-life, no-life sports holes, they don't give a crap how much of a scumbag you are.
If they can win him a game or win him a bet or whatever the hell it is, they don't care.
We'll be like going to the track and finding out that AirV race that night is fixed and your cash and, you know, like almost every race.
When does that start?
Stop good to me.
Let's try tonight.
5-6-7-0-5-60.
Hank Goldberg will be here at 2.
I'll get you. I guarantee you he isn't the least bit-fazed by Mike and a mad dog.
Jim Rolme, all these other pretenders, he'll be on there doing his thing.
I'll guarantee you today, Hank will be on there before the theme plays for 22 minutes.
He marked my words.
And if he's not, somebody in that room is going to get pitched out because he's here in the studio today.
So we can see them all in there playing grab ass with the beast.
See, that'll stop me from meeting just the thought of that.
22 before, oh yeah, for like a month.
22 before 1560 WQM if you want to-
Holy mackerel! This is Jobol on the Voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neogah!
Thank you for attending today's conference on how to deal with the Y2K problem.
I would like to announce the development of a new software system which will be year 2000 compliant.
This program is known as millennia year application software system or my ass.
Next Monday there will be a meeting in which I will show my ass everyone.
We will hold demonstrations throughout the month so that all employees will have an opportunity to get a good look at my ass.
We have not addressed networking aspects yet, so currently only one person at a time can use my ass.
This restriction will be removed after my ass expands.
Last week my secretary said to me, I'm a little nervous. I never put anything in my ass before.
I helped her through the first time and afterwards she admitted that it was relatively painless and she was actually looking forward to doing it again and was even ready to kiss my ass.
As you begin using the program, feel free to put anything you want in my ass.
As my ass grows larger, we envision a time when it will be commonplace for a supervisor to hand work to an employee and say, here, stick this in my ass.
It will be a great day when we need data quickly and our employees can respond, here it is. I just pulled it out of my ass.
12.44 at 5.60 WQAM.
Hank Goldberg at 2 o'clock, Donnie at ZB at 6.00 with a pregame show or whatever that thing is, that the Killing hour.
And then we got the Marlins in the midst. Nice game last night, by the way.
There are seven innings, are there abouts.
Okay, look at this, all of a sudden what happened here. Here's North Miami. Hello.
North Miami.
How you doing, Al?
Okay, sir.
Tell me, Alessandro.
How long, how many years, how many more years have you contract with the WQAM?
How many?
Yeah.
28.
28 years?
Yeah.
28 years, boy, it's a long time being on WQAM.
I'll be 84 when I'm done, yeah.
84?
Tell me, all those changes without having effect on you?
What do you mean by that?
I mean, on, on, on, on, on WQAM, you know, those don't exist.
Yeah, I'm moving to 1700.
It's the first week in August, as soon as they start over there.
I want to be with the winning combination. I'm moving over there.
Okay, okay.
17 on the hill.
Okay, I'll see you there.
Oh, brother.
You don't need to remind me of the awful lot of it.
He got it.
Let me see, Alessandro, there's 100 record, no, I already have the port, but I knew I was
right.
Yeah, he runs a little him.
5670560, 0.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Nobody cares about this 1700 crap, just because it's on the front page.
And guess what? Nobody cares about the hero either, do they?
No, no.
Only Greg Reed is running around here like Rumpel still skittin' heat.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
Oh, this is your one hockey fan in Miami.
Yeah.
Well, I didn't know if you talked about the new rules that they made for the next season from...
I talked about that yesterday and it's a pilot craft.
It's Gary Beppmann continuing to destroy the entire game and the league as we used to know
it's garbage. Okay. Four on four my ass. All right, thanks. That means that means you can go the
entire 82 games of the season and never win a game and have 82 points. How do you like that?
Well, that's true, but the only other thing is that you at least you get five minutes of exciting
hockey and not everyone trying to just keep the point. Four on four. Four on four. Number one,
it sucks. And number two, it's tremendously disadvantageous to slower teams. In addition to which now,
when games are tied, the last seven or eight minutes of regulation, teams are going to be a
coma until they go in overtime because nobody's going to want to blow the one-short point.
The last several minutes of regulation in every game, it's going to be a comatose.
Nice go on Gary Bettman. Okay, have a great day, sir. Nice go on Gary. You're going straight back
to Cornell if they would only take you. We're packaging. Ken Dryden, Gary Bettman, we're putting
them together and setting them right on the way back to Ithacok. Okay, in a box.
Here's a mobile and four-loader deal. Hello.
I want to line eight. Okay, there we go. Mark it down in your adiaries, boys and girls. Line eight
screwed up again. A day without that line eight echo just wouldn't be perfect here at QA.
I see his Greg Reed worried about things like that. That we got cheap crappy equipment. The worst
of mine could buy. No, he's worried about, should we sue the Miami hero because they alienated his
affections or some stupid illiterate crap like that. God almighty. I mean, how is it possible
to walk around acting like a... God damn fucking idiot. Yeah, I just don't get it.
Here's homestead. Hello. Hey, Bill. Yes, sir. Why don't you just get out the little guy and shoot
line eight. Another thing. Okay, wait a minute. Wait a minute. Sorry, we'll quick. It works.
Backtrack a little bit. This kid threw a ball at a batter and hit him in the eye. Yeah, hit him in
the head. Hit him in the head. Why did the guy get up the way? He actually was standing in a
batter's by in the on deck circle. Oh, he's on deck circle. Oh, forgive me. I misunderstood. Yeah,
I got a... And he sure right in his head and they have a big court thing going on this and now they
drafted him and they're going to pay this kid 80 billion dollars if he can keep his ass out of jail.
Unbelievable. I wanted an opinion from you. You know these blue hairs driving up there in
century village. Oh, yeah. I was going down Hillsborough the other day and approaching a red light
and I'm breaking. I look behind me and make sure nobody gets me in the rear, right? Yeah, don't
like the kitchen in rear, man. Welcome. Sky's flying by me and nails a lady and a kid in the car.
A blue hair nail the red light. How are we going to stop this? How are we going to get the people off
the road? What's the deal with this? Sounds like that's a good start right there. Yeah, keep it up. Okay,
Bill. Helen, Dale, Beach Boulevard. We're going to be having a... We're going to be doing a lot of
drag racing on Helen, Dale Beach Boulevard tomorrow. All the good stuff is coming in.
Street Pot Thursday tomorrow by the way here at QAM. I guarantee you a 17-ever day can't
be able to match that. They may match the stupid sports calls but they'll never match the good weed
here at 560. The real sports. Yeah, I'm going. Okay, here's the Miami. Hello.
Hi, Nail. Yes, sir. Good afternoon, sir. And back to you. Okay, the caller about a half an hour ago.
I wonder if he goes through... He had to take a look at it in the mirror and go through frame by frame
of his life and see what kind of a boring individual that is. Yeah. There's nothing more part... Yeah, but his
life has no frames. There would be zero. There would be a big fat. There would be no frames to that life.
A lot of holes on the side like you can see. Can you believe that guy?
Jesus, how is it possible? And not only that, but he... But assuming he did watch it, which I'm
sure he did, how can you be that wrong? Well, it's not only that, but how much can you
dissect something three and four days? I mean, that's what's going about sports
cooperation. That's right. That's right. The dissecting. That's right. They keep repeating the same
old tired crap and this one didn't do crap and this one did do crap. Okay, and now what? What does
they ever say about it? You know, I mean, I could understand if it was like... Like we used to have an IOD
two hours, six day to clock at night. That's plenty. Okay, that's fine. Talk about the stuff once,
but when you got to do a 20 hours a day, it's just neurotic repetition. It's like sports center.
ESPN put sports center on 55 times a day and it's the same crap. Yeah, I agree with you.
I'm some more important things. I'm watching TV this morning getting dressed for work and my wife said to me,
whenever I'm going to get off of a lumbar's butt about this thing on top as far as the media.
One of the things I get off her vector. One of the things I'm going to start is what I would like to know.
Right, I agree with you. I said she ought to be in this one, not in being j.
First of all, second of all, you didn't say, you know, my wife did, she was saying the same thing
during the lumbar's get thing. When are they going to get off of a butt about this?
Now, she's not going to clear up until it's all over with. But this woman is trying to rip off the
government. Right. And I mean, here's the guy, here's the guy, again, a couple of blow jobs up
there, which is nobody's business. And the whole world has to be dragged through 18 months of hell
because Ken Star is a hypocritical right wing lunatic. But in the meantime, here we got the
wife's governor who set themselves up as holier than all the rest of us and all these hypocrites.
And she comes back here trying to rip off the government from $1,500 import through E.T.
And we're not supposed to talk about it. It's the wrong business.
That's the one you got to watch out for. The more holier than valve, the more backstabbing and
and totally after that. That's the one that's the correct.
Right. That's the totally opposite of what they've pretty good.
Well, I'll tell you why she's full of crap and have a great day. Let's see.
I'm okay. Well, I guess he's thinking about that one. Maybe he's still getting a little 56670560.560 on the 18T wireless line.
Here's coconut grove. Hello. Any how you doing? It's great. Never been better, sir.
Haven't talked in a long time. Why not? Uh, busy working. A typical soft floor. You came to
money, but I'm driving down Palm Air area, a cross street from Palm Pond, a race harness track.
Oh my god. Oh, the median A's there is death plus 10 in that area.
Listen to this. Neil. This is all man. He must have been like around 100 years old. Oh,
yeah. In his battery operated. Uh, uh, wheelchair. I said you're going to say bag, man.
Something to do. A battery operator. A colostum. Anyway, he got a sign. He must have needed a
booster cable jumper. Something. Yeah. He had a sign out that said help.
Because I guess I figured maybe he's his battery ran ran out or something. Yeah.
Oh, I almost I almost tapped him a pan. Anyway, speaking of bags. Okay. At least he
could help you out there. Spare report in our banana republic down here in day county. Yes, sir.
Have you heard what's happening with Thomas regalado? Regalado? No. He's, you know, he's one of the
one of the commandos. I don't know he is. Yeah. Anyway, uh, he's an asshole. Exactly. Um, you know,
all these commissioners, they get a city gas card. So now it's, it's been reported that he's
been putting $47 of gas daily in his car. Yeah. Decide that. Okay. Let's give him the benefit of
the doubt. He's running around the town. He has a gasoline car. He's also pumping diesel the same day.
You know, these pump and diesel bikes the same day. Exactly. So where is he, where is he putting all
these gases getting and diesel? Back to. Thanks for the good news. Thank God there's no corruption in
that day. County. No, yeah. Shameless request please. Yes, sir. Can you play for a
front of mine? He's down here from up north. The Clinton and Monica song followed by a
mandage. Followed by a mandage and you're bought honey. Okay. And have a great day. Oh, here's the
guy that's courier, courier graph in the show. They better hire him over there at 1700. That Tony
Bulloney, whatever that guy. What is that? How I thought you would. I love that name. What
name does he use on here? Caught I you'd. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
The only sports talk station in this town where we still speak a little English. Not too much.
Just enough to get by. Here's a mobile in Boca. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay, sir.
I'm heading out to Vegas next Friday. I'm packing it up already. I'm like, wow. Great. Let me ask you
some. Rosewood Grill is good as advertised. I've been out there a couple of times. Haven't had a
chance to eat there. I'll be honest with you. It's very good. But if you want, if you're big
into the steak, Ruth Chris is better. And there's two roots Chris in Vegas. Oh, there are two
with Chris. I know there are people who say, why didn't go to Ruth Chris here anytime? But I mean,
if you really want to go out for a great steak, there's a Rosewood is very good. But it's
very expensive and Ruth Chris is better. Yeah, I got a shameless request. My wife is actually waiting
in her car. I hope you'll play this for before she goes into the doctor. Anything for your wife?
Keep it through the keyhole. Okay. Thank you, sir. And have a great day.
What a guy, man. What a great immerse.
Keeping through the keyhole, watching mom and dad. Keeping through the keyhole. The most
only ever had mom and dad were playing tech right there on the bed. Mommy used her poopies
as a teleport daddy's head. Mommy's head was sobbing. She almost got whipped washed.
I don't know what she was drinking but you got a nut mustache.
She's been through the keyhole. Thank you, what I see. What I sure do is I see more than anything.
I'm T.D. Mom and dad were hooked together like my drinking wands. What a fine icecloth,
something like that. Mom was yelling at the door. Dad was breathing heavy. Mom was on her knees.
He must have had a poopful cause. She's just been where he peed. He's been through the
keyhole. Watching mom and dad. Keeping through the keyhole. The most only ever had
when we watched those little wongers and I started to get sick. If daddy's name is Helmer,
why mom asked for dick? Daddy's grown and his eyes fell back. Mommy wanted more. She's
been with you. He's been through the keyhole. Has a minute had? I can't wait to drive his
dog. I'm so nervous in my class. I can't wait to drive his dog. I'm so nervous in my class.
56-560 WQAM. You're sick, twisted and perverted station for the 90s. We want a sick, twisted,
and perverted talk. Not a bunch of boring repetitions old sports talk. We want sick, twisted,
perverted talk. I say let's go around to the building and start looking at all those
drawers. Not those kind of drawers. I'm talking about the drawers in the desks. We've got some of
those old pictures. I guarantee you we'll find some real good subject matter in here. I can build
a rest of this boring long, hot, depressing summer. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if we find
a few more of these. Okay, I know you can't see it because I messed it up, but nevertheless,
we're just something about that big black. Oh boy, it's the one to two hours.
Oh, right.
Build the girls in Monica's vagina. You let the other gay go. When he makes him wiggle,
Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind. No. Put a sick girl in her vagina. She's
okay. Well, you don't know where a soggy girl. I can see how there was some confusion between
humor, door and human horrors. And then Arkansas, the term Cedar Box means so her naked stars
reportedly to go in line. Now, please, didn't he was working hard late nights in the
overy office working on a practical joke. He took my canudo, put an explode in, loaded
more Monica was blowing rings us.
Build the girls in Monica's vagina. She let's out of gay go. Every time he makes him wiggle,
Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind.
Correct them.
Oh,
The bomb.
Bill's the cause and Monica's vagina.
She left out of Giggle.
Every friggin' time he makes it wiggle.
Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind.
But us, a car and her vagina she throw mine.
What can be sad?
Yeah, that's not sad.
It's sad.
Oh yeah, that's the time.
What you gotta do is take a tip over it all.
And put it in a breath.
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh, that's the problem.
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
I want to thank you in the butt, honey.
Nice job, there, Neil.
I'll request all the time.
I guarantee you'll ever hear that on 1700.
Oh, wait, Jose, baby.
Four minutes after one at 560, WQM.
Your nervous psychotic station for the 90s
where the general manager is running around up and down the hall
back and forth for like three.
560, 560, 560, pound 560 on the mobile one line.
lawsuit, that very check-ass.
Maybe if you talk to the right people over there, okay?
Maybe if you find out who your real friends are, Greg.
Instead of talking to that little back-setting punwacker over there.
God, how is that possible?
Here's a mobile in four-letter deal.
Hello.
Maybe he talks to him because he's the only one
who'll put his name in the paper.
Here's a mobile in four-letter deal going once,
going twice, have a wonderful life.
Here's a mobile in Bonaventure.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes sir.
Okay.
Okay, great.
You were talking before about LaTrell's free will.
How everybody forgot what he did with the coaching.
Yeah, so everything like that.
Yes.
Do you know what the circumstances were when he did coach, you know, uh,
choke the coach?
What would it mean do I know what the circumstances were?
I mean, why did he choke the guy to start with?
Do you know why?
I remember, I saw the piece.
I saw it at length.
What differences it make?
Right.
No, the point is because you're saying how, you know, like everybody tends to forget about that,
because he's a high-payed athlete.
He's a great support player.
That's correct, yeah.
Okay, but isn't it the truth that they play under tremendous pressure and emotion?
Oh, get out of here.
Call one of the sports, uh, Wim shows.
Okay, they play under tremendous pressure.
You jackass.
Yeah, I think we work under tremendous pressure too here.
You know, something that if I went in a hallway and started choking my boss,
I'd be behind bars.
Okay, for assault.
You idiot.
You see, this is the kind of, they'll, they'll apologize for anybody.
Anything they do, whether it's Mike Tyson, Lawrence Phillips, Latrine Spreewell, Brian Blade.
They never met a scumbag.
They didn't like these assholes.
Well, they play under tremendous pressure.
Yeah, these guys are getting paid $10 and $15 million a year.
They won't play a goddamn game.
Oh, gee, poor baby.
And you know something if they lose, they still have to get paid.
If they think to join out, they still have to get paid.
Professionally, it's had the most ironclad, best goddamn agent of the God Tracks in the world.
Oh, the tremendous pressure they have to see.
Here's another guy who takes it seriously, who thinks that it's important.
That's what's wrong with sports talk radio is that it appeals to assholes like this guy right there.
You know what I'm saying?
He's an asshole.
Playing under tremendous pressure.
Therefore, if they happen to try to choke the coach twice by the way in the same day, not just once but twice.
Well, you've got to understand the circumstances, yeah.
Right, like when Lawrence Phillips stashed his girlfriend in that stand-up mailbox there and tried to kill her after he beat the crap out of her,
he's under a lot of pressure.
Don't you understand it?
And like when Mike Tyson had that fender bender down there, where the hell was it, Meryl and the wherever, he's under a lot of pressure.
Scumbag is a scumbag, you can take the boy out of the city or out of the ghetto but you can't take the scumbag out of the bag.
And the fact that some jackass like you would call it an apologize and try to rationalize all you're trying to do is make yourself feel better about you.
Not about the tree and spree well, not about anybody else, but about you and you're twisted and then they're talking about the kids in Colorado.
And these people can't figure out why the kids don't know right from wrong and up from down and in from out.
Because they're learning from parents like this who say I pray that this guy ain't reproducing, I pray.
I'll pray to...
Oh God!
If I have to, those are the kind of values you're teaching.
No matter what kind of a degenerate scumbag wife beating girlfriend beating and here we got a vander holy moly field that's got 175 different children by 425 different women.
And they just can't wait to pay somebody to see this scumbag go on there and put on another bum of the month fight.
Like Tyson just gets out of jail and they can't wait to see him fight a 90 year old man, purge your age foreman who's gonna beat him over the head with his lean green grill and machine.
God, I'm serious man.
The sports talk the whole phenomenon is terrifying to me because at least it brings them into it like a concentration.
You know what I'm saying?
Like they're all like in one spot.
It's like all the ants.
If there's a thing a sugar one of the counter all the ants like all are running around at one spot.
And so at least you know where to get your hands on these people where to put the butterfly net.
Do you know the circumstances?
Do you?
Uh huh.
I'm almost speechless that some of course he sounded like a New Yorker to me.
Sounded like a real New York asshole.
And of course, insulin tree just happens to play on the mix right now.
There you go.
Let's hear it.
And by the way, don't forget.
Let's go spur.
Let's go spur.
Get the bone in San Antonio.
Stick it in there.
Back to the right.
The nicks are gonna get the bone in San Antonio.
You can be sure of that and from San Antonio.
Not that I give a crap but in this case I'll make an exception.
Just thanks to guys like him.
You can't complain about your value sir because you don't have any.
You're an idiot.
Nine minutes after one at five sixty WQM.
Let me tell you how far break that **** guys neck.
All right.
The other night.
What's there a fight?
On the floor of July.
Cause now his cousin's dead.
A ballad in the head.
What happened?
We don't know.
Something fishy sound.
But he won't tell.
So we'll ask Brian.
What did you do?
Brian.
What did you do?
Seen.
Not so long.
He was standing on his throat strong.
And he was crying.
Brian.
Brian.
Brian.
It's hard to understand.
Was an accident with two shots flying.
I don't know why your age and crew.
Claims the cops report some truth.
I want to know some more.
So tell me what's the start.
Brian.
What did you do?
Wax it.
To leave.
Or just leave.
Yeah.
What did you do?
Wax it.
What did you do?
Yes.
Now he's gone.
And from this moment on.
We're asking Brian.
Brian.
Brian.
Brian.
Brian.
Oh.
Brian.
Brian.
Brian.
You did.
I'm 16 and 560 WQM.
Where we never met a scumbag.
We didn't like.
Let's hear it.
All right.
560, 7.0560.
I'm OK.
Hi.
Let's do a mobile and okay, Chubby.
Hello.
I'm up here at the home of the hill building.
I get 1700 real good up here.
Unfortunately.
What about your show?
You'll over here to phrase high cheese or wetty art.
Yeah.
And Tony Carnaiser sucks, Mike and Mad Dog suck,
and Dick Burton is the myth like figure they can do no wrong.
Okay, thank you, sir. Whatever you said.
5, 6, 7, he had the high cheese and he went yard.
There you go. That's the sports nerds of the 90s for you.
All these idiotically shades that make no sense that are extraordinarily annoying.
And thank God for that because you understand there are a lot of stress under a lot of pressure.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's Kendall. Hello.
Yeah, sir.
They got me have a point.
Anytime you're stressed out, once you go kill somebody.
Yeah, that's right.
You know, people are just unbelievable.
If any people.
You know, just justify, just justify.
That's what he's talking about.
He's trying to justify to himself his bizarre unacceptable attitudes
and his willingness to accept this scumbag
because he scored a few points for his team, which makes him feel more like a man.
Don't you understand?
It's frustrating.
That's the whole syndrome we're talking about.
I mean, sports is fun as a passing, you know, you go to a ballgame, you watch the scores, you watch it on TV.
But these people, this transcends the usual sports involvement of most ordinary pedestrian people.
These are people who have no other life.
Well, they're obsessed with this, what they are.
Right. And this is their life.
And have you seen Kay lately?
Okay.
Now, what are you looking at me like that when you don't understand what the guy is trying to say?
I'm gonna give them a spongebob.
I had a chick named Kay.
One day she blew away.
She teased you on a weather.
Who knew who was the best?
Well, did I write a wing censorship?
There I was.
He must have slipped.
Who do we tell you to how I feel for Kay?
Kay.
Kay.
Kay.
So.
If you see Kay, you see why?
And I'll see you if Kay you wanna tune.
All right.
Now if you see Kay, tell her I'm a service day.
And the SEC won't let me sing this.
So I'm not gonna go to say how if you see Kay?
Take her hand.
Tell me, Kay.
You're dead after this transition.
I'll be out in 90 days.
Oh, if you see Kay, you see why?
Then I'll see you with Kay.
Oh, why not go?
Why not go?
But God, I see you with Kay.
Oh, why not go?
Hey!
One 19 at 560 WQM is ruled in long singing a song.
It's the 23rd of June.
Baby, this month's almost dead.
Vacation time almost here.
What more could you want?
Like I said the other day, if these people would just chill out a little bit, stop getting
all psychotic, just when things were going so great and now they're coming apart of the
seams.
Everybody around here.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap.
Of course, now we see through that charade that your rose put on last week.
If you tune in late, Joe Rose has been sleeping with the enemy or at least concerning with
him.
And it wasn't Julia Roberts either, by the way.
It was 1700.
It was those, these lunatics, these maniacs, the, the affin.
W-A-F-N, the affin 1700, who the first week in August think they're going to put us
out of business, okay?
We can't wait.
No spots radio.
No spickening, late sports radio, which makes it even better.
Joe figured, well, until he gets his S-Bunny Old Vow, he better stay here.
I can't wait for that more testy show.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
If he's as good of a broncacers, he was a ball player.
They're in big trouble.
Yes, sir?
I call the police that I called the central one and I ordered the best of the new Roger
Show and I can't wait to get in the mail.
Right.
And I also want to make a comment on the guy I said.
Okay, great.
5670, 5560, pound 5660 on the mobile one line.
Here's a four-letter deal.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
That New York jock sniffer that called before.
Yes.
He has a rest of development.
He just wants to go back 20 was 10 years old.
The lifeless piece of turd that juvenile idiot who just is trying to, he's trying to make words,
you know, and wash away the fact that he's assembled it.
A mindless symbol of it.
You want to return when he was 10 years old.
All his athletes were heroes and nothing was wrong.
That's right.
That's right.
If you're defending your reen, it's free will.
And that's why the NBA is defending them too because he can string three sentences together.
They don't care.
They couldn't care less.
They can't hang out any preposition.
You can choke a question on that.
I don't forget the good news is Darryl is going to be ready to come back in August.
Yes, so you can choke a coach every now and then if you can put a paragraph together and speak kind of eloquently.
And that's how the NBA looks at it.
One last thing, a spy report.
The biggest rock cuts in modern day out in Hollywood right now.
You know who that is, right?
Meaning what?
Well, the biggest gay out in Hollywood that's in the closet, I'm 10th full town.
I'm listening.
He has two kids.
They're both turkey based and his name is John Travolta.
You knew that already.
Yeah, of course.
Okay.
Why do you think he's an a scientist?
Absolutely.
And have a great day.
There you go next to the Catholic Church, the Scientologist, number two biggest closet in the world.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound, five, 60 on a mobile one line.
Celebrities making fantin' babies, you know, like Michael Jackson, for example.
We know that those are his kids, right?
Of course.
No question about it.
I think the truth that it myself.
Sabers cheered by 20,000 fans at rally in Buffalo.
How do you like this?
Lindy Ruff had two words for those fans, crammed in front of Buffalo City Hall Tuesday.
No goal.
And the fans sent fans into a frenzy and set off a chat of no goal, no goal.
Some people that are carried science saying we were cheated not defeated and one that said thou shalt not steal.
How do you like that?
The ratings, by the way, were up 17%.
On both Fox and ESPN.
Not fantastic, but they make it a little progress.
And if ESPN wouldn't have screwed the fans in Dallas, they're on Saturday and let the fans see the game over regular over the year TV.
They, you know, it would have been a great thing, but they didn't do it.
They didn't do it because they just don't want to do the right thing.
They don't care about the sport.
They don't care about the game.
And of course Gary Bettman at the helm.
Are you expecting him to do the right thing?
No.
No way, Jose.
And by the way, let's go Spurrow.
I just mentioned that in passing, okay?
Give the next a bone from San Intel.
Stick it deep inside there.
Correct.
Twist it.
In fact, I say let's get Latrean with the Mean Green Lean Grilla machine.
That's what I say.
Piece of crap.
Piece of turd.
Nice haircut, though.
Here's Bokeh.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
What's going on?
How you doing?
Pretty good.
What's up with these black people in hockey?
They can't leave it to the white people?
Get some new material, okay?
Pal, get your own material.
Call me back when you think of something good.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pone 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
It's like looking into mirror.
Nothing like it in your own material fed right back in your pussy.
You know what I'm saying?
You get it?
Uh huh.
Here's a, what's the wrong line?
Mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Watch this.
Can be is unbelievable.
Meaning what?
You have not even seen to begin to see anything from this kid.
Meaning what?
Unbelievable.
Unbelievable.
One more player.
I don't care about ballplayer.
Okay?
We're not going to talk about the sports shows.
Call another New Yorker, okay? We don't care. Number one, we don't want to talk about
noxious New Yorkers like you. Number two, we don't care about that crap.
You're a lifeless, imbecile man. You're a simpleton. It's snowball. It's for dark folks, okay?
And you're obsessed with it because you have no life because they kicked your ass out
of New York and you want up here. And you woke up one day and looked around and said,
yeah. So we understand. 20 was the wrong line. Here's a mobile and sunrise. Hello.
Hi, Neil. How are you doing? Great. Good. I want to do thank you and Gail D especially
mainly because you got me on this concept about I don't care and I really don't care.
I don't care. That's what this world is all about. I don't care about my job. It's a piece
of crap. Right. Government officials here. There's one thing I do care about though. Right.
Let's go spurs. Alright. Excellent. Let's hear it everybody. Come on. That's it. You got it, pal.
Given the bone in San Antonio. I'm noxious. Loud mouth. Yeah. And that's another problem with this radio station.
In fact, maybe we can send all the nicks and the jet fans over to 1700 in August. That would be great.
I might even start listening then, but I doubt it. What a blessing that would be. You can have them all over
there. Okay. With your mic in the mad dog because I hate to break the news to you. This last time I
checked went out in New York. We're not in New York. I Greg read this morning during one of his 48
visits in here where he was going little bit like that. He's telling me how he was just up in Philadelphia
and he was listening to WIP which is the sports station up there and how bad it sucks and how they were
talking about all this Philly stuff. Well, guess what? They were talking about Philly stuff because they're in
Philadelphia. You come down here. You turn on your sports station and they're talking about in New York.
The nicks this and the jet side and the next and the Yankees this. Like I said yesterday if it was so great
I'm sure that there's a plane leaving in 45 minutes. I bet a lot of your money on it.
What's Palm Beach? Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. That guy that called about the tree spirit. Yeah. He's a
Ferdinand hole. Yeah. Can't believe it. I mean, we know you can't believe it. He makes as much in one
game as I make a whole year. Right. Three kids. 500 a month for health insurance which they're going to cancel my
insurance because you remember that thing a few months ago in the paper? They're going to drop the
Floridians, the HMOs. Yeah. Okay. He's under pressure. Go get a life man. See you. Okay. Good luck, sir. You're really going to need it.
Poor Darryl. What are we going to do about poor Darryl? He's only had what 198 chances. What are we going to do about him?
And all of these others, all these other low life scumbag pieces of turd and we're supposed to admire them
and your kids are supposed to look up to them and ask them for their autograph. Very, very sad. But you do understand, don't you?
That's the American five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on a mobile one line. We just keep plowing along. Okay.
Straight ahead onward and upward. We don't give a crap on this show. We just keep moving straight along one toe at a time.
More fat radio.
Hey, come on. Stop that. Leave me alone. When the week become victimized. Oh, sure.
Fuck. Take my parking spot. I wasn't just waiting here for it or anything. Go right ahead and when old ladies attack out of the way you little grunt.
Ah, I'm saying they would your motor ride wheelchair you old bastard. That hurt. It's a tack of the blue hairs.
Who works somewhere else? It's not boiling from just my pain so far up here. Without warning, without fear,
and they could strike at any time a tack of the blue hairs tonight at nine o'clock.
131 to 5.62 and by the way, Hank Orberg just stuck his head in the door and unknown to me. He just said,
Mike and a mad dog are doing it with each other. So there you go. 5.670560 pound 5.60 on a mobile line.
I think what he said was Greg Read and Barry Jackass are doing it together. And he also said, let's go spurs.
Okay, we're, you know, something I don't even care about that and I will be at the track,
but nevertheless, I'll make an extra point to be sure watching that game tonight, right? Game four.
I'll be watching as much of that as possible in between my losing my acid pomelo part just to make sure that we
do it's first. Stick it to him. Okay, and shut these New Yorkers up. These big loud obnoxious New Yorkers with their big fat mouth.
Who never met a god damn gangster that they didn't fall in love with? Was it Steve Howe? Was it Daryl Strabbery?
Was it Latrine Spreewell? That's what we ought to do. It's had the big contest between Florida and New York for the gangster team.
Because we had Jimmy, of course, who started all the gangs to crap at UM with those of those great camouflage outfits and then took it up the
rectum fee estable 87 from Penn State and came back with their tail between their camouflage pants.
And Michael Irvin and all the other good guys and of course now we got Cecil and we had
Lawrence Phillips and Bobby Humphrey back before Jimmy and we had Mark Dupur and all the other good and Sammy Smith.
So let's have a big gangster off. Okay, between the Florida and New York sports fans.
You know Hank agrees we're all peeing in our pants. We're all trembling about here over 1700. We don't know whether it's
scream or eat a banana and just keep the checks coming Greg. Maybe next one on time would be nice.
Here's a mobile informer. Hello. Hey, how are you doing? Good. Great.
That's what's wrong with professional sports. You know guys like this like little, the trail, Spreewell.
And you know something. Look at all the good talents out there that don't get the opportunity that
don't get a chance that they could be in there making their eight or ten million years instead of
maybe 12 or 15 and playing their brains out. Exactly. That aren't beating the crap out of their women
and whatever and their choking their coaches and whatever they're doing. And what you know these
guys people forget like you said, you know, they're playing a sport. They're playing a game. Yeah.
And here we are working our asses off. Right. They can make a living and they're making multiple
millions of dollars and they can't, they're illiterate. They can't even put a sentence together. Right.
Except 10 to 20. Yeah. I mean, it just, here we pay, you know, I remember that guy a few weeks ago
giving me a song to dance about Bubba. Well, first of all, if they increased their salary, the president,
the sitting president can't get the increase. So it doesn't affect Clinton whether you like him or not.
But the idea that we live in a country, talk about under stress, where the president would pay $200,000
a year, talk about stress and they were in a little black box worried about whether the guy
and my Russians are going to set off their nuclear weapons and whether they got the Y2K straightened out
in time for the all of this stuff. All these things that he's not aware about were paying him 200 grand.
And yet these imbestyles are calling defending guys that are making 12 and 15 and 20 million dollars
a year who can't even sign an X on the goddamn contract. If we keep glorifying athletes like this,
that's what's wrong with America. That's right. We're headed to hell. Amen. See you later. And God bless you, sir.
Oh, we can't figure out why those kids are all screwed up. Yeah. And last night, by the way, on
the way to the Wichart Ad Dateline, I guess they got another piece about little tin collar right
about column by high and now the new deal is well, it was because of the teasing by the jocks.
I hate to break the news to you over there at Dateline, which usually have some pretty interesting
shows. This stuff has been going on in school. Every person I've talked to about this,
would they went to high school 10 years ago, 10 minutes ago, or graduated almost 40 years ago
like I did. There's nothing any different today. The only thing different today is that people
don't go around filling in the bomb in the school because somebody teased them or made fun of them.
I mean, here we have that story of the other day about all these jocks that had their F's changed
to Bees and Seas right here at schools in this town. Is there anybody blown up to school yet? No.
And if they did, would anybody with a brain justify it? No.
National network TV was it to talk about desperate about reaching. I mean, I guess they can't do
anymore on John Bonet, you know? Unless they actually fry mommy, daddy, and the brother, and
Burke all together in the same seat. They run out of material on that. So let's just squeeze this
little, take this tragedy, which is what television does the best is just absolutely capitalizing on
human misery and suffering. And let's just squeeze it like squeezing a turnip until you get the last
ounce of blood out of it. Squeezing a rock to get the last drop of water out of it.
That's what you crazy people in the media do. You're sick, you're psychotic, and you come on
over the straight face and present a story like that last night. They're being teased by the jocks
and the jocks talk bad to one of them. So there you go. Here's one for you. Look,
slow way if you're wondering, I'll say to you, or the one kid said, if they wanted to really get
the jocks wet and they come to the goddamn steam room or whatever the hell it is.
Now, seriously, it's like 40 kids in the, in wherever the hell they were hanging out. Probably
taking a shower together. 40 jocks were in here. So if they really wanted to get the jocks,
they didn't where they all were. But nevertheless, it's not, you know, it sounds good.
And maybe then we just missed understood, or maybe it was all those drugs that they were on. How do you
think that might have been it? All those prescription drugs? God forbid. And like somebody said,
if they would have been smoking a little bit of weed that day, they might have been in a more
mellow mood than running around killing tub. We don't know anybody in the world that ever was
smoking a little weed and running around killing anybody. Unless they were killing for like a meal
or something like that, they're not going to understand. Like for a snack. 5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Three weed Thursday tomorrow, by the way, here at QA, and I'll
guarantee you the lever had the quality weed over there at 17, and we got here at QA.
Right in the middle of Little Jamaica. We got the permanent supply right here across the street.
And Carlos just brought in the shipment. Look at that. He's in a little... I thought I was joking.
And a little sack there. You know, suckle. Anyway, 22 before 2 at 5, 60 WQAM. Oh God, Neil.
I made it to a farm shelter.
Then how I made it to...
You know how evil I was. I was still I was the new.
They say we're almost weak. When I'm mad, when I'm bad, I'm cruel.
But you make us be you. Yeah, you make us be you. Like we've been through.
Oh, right.
Yeah, we don't care if they're pulling up the right way.
What else do you matter with you, man? Cause and all that trouble. Good point.
Here's Halondale. Hello. Yes, sir.
I just wanted to say I have the same feeling about these sports people as I do when I flip around on the TV.
And there's some kind of fun role for football games. Some beer gut guys.
He's got a space painted. His body paint is giant foam finger.
Right. And screaming into the camera. We're number one.
I mean, you know, the team is full. You know what he's really trying to say?
I have no life. He's fat and drunk. Right.
That's what the problem is. Exactly. These are just like the Star Wars team.
I have no life. Right.
Rest up in the costumes and wait 40. Exactly. Yeah, no care if it's a little kids.
Because little kids like to do things that are fun. And to a point, you know, that's okay.
But when a guy's like 46 years old and he's dressed up on all his crap all over him and he's gussling
up with his big fat, fat, fat, quipic and spewing his beer all over everybody else,
I think you're absolutely correct, sir.
Do we really need another sports station? I mean, you need to be an assistant pickin' out.
I got news for you. We don't need this sports station.
You said something about nuclear war.
In fact, I think I think like, you know, Hank any afternoon doing his sports and gambling show and me.
And then we get, you know, like somebody in the morning on here that could be entertaining, you know,
which are morning guys and nice guys, but they're not entertaining.
I think they would talk about nuclear war because it'd be concerned about how it would affect the pitching arm
and then the person you know, can they hit the ball with the ball?
And then of course, don't forget, we have to postpone any games.
And have a great day.
You too.
Yeah, what, who could we put on in the morning? Okay, I mean, fill in, coming back, isn't it?
Okay. I can't come back.
Bob and Tom. Hey, there you go. Bob and Tom.
Woo!
I love Bob and Tom.
There you go. I just got campaigned.
I think that in fact, Joe can take all what we do like guilty. We want him doing the Panther Games.
I'm putting in for guilty doing the Panther Games. That's my campaign.
Not Jigs, McDonald, please. You're a good guy, Jigs, but oh, God are you boring.
So we keep going. You're about to do the Panther broadcast and the B-Fo.
Well, keep B-Fo right to make it as a mother happy.
We don't want to get her upset again today. I just autographed her a picture.
Betty, you're okay. You're never still afraid, Train.
Although B-Fo, he could go on unemployment for a few months because then he might lose some weight for B-Fo.
Oh, I'm serious. He has parked up. In fact, Hank was just in here who looks great.
He's lost a lot of weight. I think B-Fo is pastank.
He passed me a long time ago. He has definitely passedank like he was standing still on the Richter scale and not the real scale on the weight scale.
You know what I mean, B-Fo?
Yeah, I think Bob and Tom in the morning.
Huh? And then of course at night time we could put something on like entertaining like Robin Fox.
We already got Hank doing his sports and gambling show. The gamblers could get this stuff from him.
We don't need any K. Eddie can alone put Tom Jicco, okay? They can match Herodos.
Well, I've Robin Fox on there at night.
Ah, the real radio station. Passion bones.
Here's Weston. Hello.
Hello, Mia. Yes, sir. Can I get back on Bush for a second?
Go right back on Bush.
What really pisses me off is that it's an excuse. You know, not...
I wasn't hiding it from the government. I was hiding it from my husband.
Yeah. Like I guess then...
And then he turns around and says how we spend our money is our business.
We don't care if she's spent a million dollars over there. That's between the two of them.
The fact is she was trying to screw the government out of the money.
And then she lied to a federal officer.
And I guess they have so much money where the wife can spend 20 grand and the husband will never know.
Right.
I guess those jewels shall be wearing. He'll never notice.
Hey, I got news for you. There's more money in that Bush outfit than you can shake your thing at.
Yeah. Well, tonight I hope Tim could be barking over the next.
Okay. Take care.
Let's go, Spurs.
I'm just... I'm just... I'll... all the way to my mother's house.
I'm going to be screaming on the car.
Give it a bow.
I'm going to stand and talk.
God damn, Nick's in there, friend.
And I don't... And you know, the interesting part of it is when the Nick's were playing the heat.
Not that I follow it, mind you. Not that I watch the minute of it.
But when the Nick's were playing the heat, I hate to admit it.
But I was hoping the Nick's would beat them just to shut these stupid heat fans up.
And just to get the whole thing out of here.
So we can like move it somewhere else.
Because it's... It's not for white people.
I realize it's all that's going on.
And our people on this station are desperate.
They got to talk about this.
Because there is no other sport going on except golf.
And like I said yesterday, it's not a sport.
It's a game for blue noses.
But at least let's get as far away from here and move on to the important stuff.
Like Greg reads this, when you know on WIP,
they were talking about the... Was this Scrapple?
Is that what they call it? That they eat?
It's a Philadelphia thing like steak and chicken, filly steak cheese, Scrapple.
Or whatever that crap is. It's for Graham.
But they talked about that all morning.
I thought to myself, God, it's a lot more entertaining than what I hear on a morning show here.
With a goddamn Schwarzeball thing that goes on for four hours every day.
White people don't care.
I don't care how many people in their goddamn Yuppie suits and our cell phones tell you that they're basketball fans.
White people don't care about our Schwarze sport, okay?
I don't care how many people show up there at the place.
It's just someplace to be. It's like the hockey games.
We packed that joint.
There are 18, 19,000 people.
There aren't a hundred of those people that even have any idea where center-ises.
Much less that there's really a game going on.
Like, you know, the game will be tied one-one at the end of regulation.
And all of a sudden, 10,000 people leave.
Not that they're not going to go early. They just don't know there's going to be an overtime.
Like the guy that called me here several weeks ago, it says to me,
oh, they haven't played overtime in hockey in years.
I said, oh, thanks for the information, asshole.
Thank you.
Here's Coral Springs. Hello.
Hey, yeah, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Hey, okay, good. 5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the mobile one line.
Well, I was the right word for it. He said basketball and he said,
okay, and that was exactly correct.
But don't be redundant next time.
Here's a mobile and Coral Springs. Hello.
Yes, I'm line eight. Okay, line eight.
Scoot up again. See what I mean?
Can't afford a phone system that works right.
But we got a guy running around in a big black suit.
He's running up there. Oh, my God. Very jackass lawsuit.
Alienation in my affection.
Yeah, alienation of your erection. Okay.
Who the hell are you, kid and Greg?
Okay, stop running around here like you know something about radio.
You're not fooling any of us. We know.
Just get those checks in here on time and cut the crap.
And have a nice vacation and go back on it right now.
God, it was so nice and peaceful before he came back.
And back in the building, one day, one day he comes back in town
and is good, best close personal friend, Barry Jackass.
You see, I don't know about you.
But I'm one of those people.
If I speak to Barry Jackass, I'd be embarrassed to admit it.
The only time I ever met him, the only time I ever saw him,
he came up to me at the airport in Toronto like about a year ago
and approached me.
You know who I am?
And I said, no.
I'm Barry Jackass. Oh, jeez.
And the greatest line is a lot of what you say about me is true.
Now have I ever say anything good about him? No.
No.
That would be like somebody you never met before walking up to you
in the middle of an airport in the middle of anywhere, shopping mall,
and saying, oh, by the way, I'm so-and-so and you're right.
I'm an asshole.
Oh, okay. Thank you. Thanks for your refreshing honesty
and get out of here, asshole. Yeah.
So thanks for admitting you're an asshole, Barry,
because I'll tell you one thing. You're sure love up to it.
And by the way, let's go spur.
Oh!
242 at 560 WQAM.
See, it's not important in life that you succeed,
but that the New Yorkers down here, the obnoxious ones,
that everything that touches them fails,
and that they all lose their bets big time, that they lose their ass,
which is probably why they're here in the first place, by the way.
Probably hiding from their bookies.
