Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale, that includes the OZ.
The Roger Show, to Tung Daniel Calls,
is that what I can hear?
0560 toll free for Danden Browerd,
or is that a OZ?
There's no call.
The opinions of Niel Starrick's call is no.
Anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM.
How's that looking?
Good to know.
Or the Beasley Broadcast Group.
Now, Niel Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
Florida State Sucks.
Some rise pages.
Not the place you should drive.
We go much slower than you.
Some rise pages.
You can't make your cash rise.
There are the cockatules.
Oi!
Depends on what coverage I ask.
So we don't stain our devil,
we might attract some rise pages.
It can't make your cash rise.
Oi!
Beware!
Beware of the early fight.
Some food.
Oi, I'm not kidding.
You might find someone's 14th in your suit.
You know what we're thinking.
We're just thinking for teens.
We're going to be where we're going.
We're going to be in your days.
Some rise pages.
It can't make your cash rise.
So, guys, I'll go Q-Tip at your driving.
You can do this.
It's your behind like an ambulance.
It's because of the tide.
How far the years last come?
Get my flight.
Just like the pages.
My disrepayment, we die.
It's going to happen soon.
Just like the pages.
I say, sir, hand in your lap.
When I go help with the news.
Or, I'll tie a rubber body deathbrattle.
10.2.5.60 WQM.
How's that Rick and Ted doing?
You know something I think that if those guys really were grateful.
Because I heard them mention a couple of times this morning.
Thank God for me because they're only publicity machines.
If they were really grateful, they'd stop insurrupliciously.
I mean, nobody would know if I was joking or not.
I don't want them to risk their jobs.
Such as they are.
They would like right down the street, aren't they?
If they have the Paxson Clear Channel building.
They know that the same place we were at.
They are?
Why is that?
Because that's where the studios is.
Well, what sense does that make?
They're back there in Hollywood over there by your house?
For the news.
I don't think so.
Why would that be?
Why would they...
Well, wherever the hell they are.
They could stop by here and walk in.
They say, hey, thanks a lot.
And then leave, you know.
Oh, look, there they are now.
Oh, look at that.
There's, uh, sides anyway.
Well, he actually I couldn't see him through the window.
He doesn't come up to the door.
That high in the door.
Anyway, we have some famous ainus cookies for them if they'd stop by.
Yeah, I got to...
I found something really bad out there this morning,
which I've never noticed.
I noticed there's all that soda with sugar in it,
which I don't drink soda with sugar.
That's one thing I have no.
I mean, as long as you got the diet soda that's got all these fino,
whatever it is in them, I have no problem with that,
because that's sweet enough to satisfy my sweet tooth.
But I found that there are cartons and cartons of famous ainus cookies out there,
and I have a bag in my hand right now.
Yeah?
Mmm, God.
And my blood sugar was 84 this morning.
Oh!
Went to the doctor yesterday.
Dr. Mark Laporte over there on the beach.
He's the best.
Dr. Mark says you'll live.
He is great.
You know something, this is the most bizarre thing.
I slept all over there in the rain,
and the cold, it's freezing.
It's a bitch yesterday.
And I slept over there on the beach.
I go in, I see him.
And, you know, basically I've got a little...
I've had a little touch of the flu,
like everybody else, a little, you know,
in testinal flu, whatever it is, not too exciting.
And he looks at me and that the end of the whole thing
and takes the blood about a gallon of blood.
And he says, you don't need me.
Of course you've heard that before.
Basically what he's trying to say is,
I could use a few bucks from you, which is nice,
but on the other hand, you're a hypokondriac,
and why are you here?
That's really what he's saying.
And I walked out of there and I felt great.
No, seriously, I felt like a jerk,
because I thought to myself, I just went to the doctor.
Now I feel a lot better.
Did he do anything for me?
No.
Now he just talked to me and I feel better.
I just shook his hand.
And maybe it kind of like rubbed off.
Maybe he's got that magic touch.
So my blood sugar this morning was 84 when I got up
and God, that would be a real evil thing,
especially when I have to go to mommy's for lunch today.
That would be a real evil thing to do with myself
to dive into a little bag.
Even when these little bags are famous, ain't it?
Sure.
That would be bad, because there's like 19 grams per serving
and servings per container about two.
So in other words, 38 grams of carbohydrates in here
is really bad.
It's a lot for an a little bag.
I mean, these are small.
And once you eat the one bag,
if you're like me, which most of you are,
you're going to eat like two or three or four bags
when you've got cases of this stuff out there, aren't you?
Uh-huh.
I would.
You can't guarantee you can't do only one bag.
Maybe I should do that.
Maybe you should have a contest with myself
to see if I could eat only one famous anus cookie
that I'm not going to do that,
because I would be like eating one smarty.
You can't do it.
Somebody brought me at the track last night.
This is the greatest stuff I've ever seen in my life.
Talking to it, fits right in.
Talk about going a little bit overboard,
even for me, on the sugar or thing.
This is hysterical.
I have no idea when this book was published in the 60s sometimes.
And it didn't bring me to book,
but he brought me like pages, copies of pages.
Everyone's seriously interested in nutrition and better health.
Roadale system for mental power and natural health by JJ Roadale.
Oh!
And a picture of Montefran,
looks like Professor von Helsing from Dracula.
And this is hysterically funny stuff.
I mean, there's some truth in what he's saying,
but he goes just a little bit overboard.
I'm going to read some of this later.
Number one, it pays to show your sugar.
Okay, I'm just going to read one line here.
And then later I'll get into the other stuff,
which is, and we'll make you pee in your pants.
And probably eat a lot of famous anus.
He says, you might, and this is absolutely correct, by the way,
Dr. Roadale or whatever it is.
I don't know if he is a doctor.
Just as, but that name sounds familiar to me.
I think back when he used to have all those nutritional quacks on the show,
I think he used to talk about Dr. Roadale.
He's a doctor like my little dog is a doctor.
It says, you must cut out the use of white and brown sugar
in any products that contain them.
There you go.
There you go.
You must cut out the use of white and brown sugar in any products that contain them.
The overuse of such products, strange to say,
can produce a condition of low blood sugar,
which lowers the brain's efficiency.
So if there's some people out there that sound like they're like a little bit off,
like, say, like they need the brick layer to stop by.
Yeah, people like that.
Then you know that too much sugar is what's doing it.
Like all those hot blood in hysterical Hispanics,
too much sugar is what caused that behavior there.
Too many of those arepas.
All right, so only the Colombians eat those.
Okay, the Colombian queens like those a lot.
You have all these really high sugar desserts, such as,
besides the pastelitos, they have these little drunken pastries
or yellow and they're soaked with sugar water.
Yeah, sometimes rum.
And rum, most of the time rum.
And don't forget the flan, which is just sugar.
Oh, that is the crass to report over.
That's the Cuban thing.
You just haven't had good flan.
Yeah, out of your flan is like slime.
It's a...
It was slimy.
Yeah, it's a pudding with slime on it, okay?
It is the slimyest, crappiest garbage.
Why don't you just admit that Cubans have crappy taste when it comes to food?
You've never had Cuban food.
How do you know that?
We've discussed this over and over and over again.
You've had like Mexican food collage.
Are you ready to go downtown and introduce yourself to some politicians?
Where does that...
Adam, did you talk to him?
I have a mission to think.
I can't believe he's helping out the show this week.
Oh, are you?
So there you go.
Little tidbit from our friends Rick and Suds on Stupid Talk this morning.
I was thinking coming to work, even though Rick continues to insist on doing a stock market show.
Oh, give that a rest, sweetheart.
Please, I'm begging you.
That is that.
That's a 8.73.
I mean, I give that stuff once in a great while.
But this man is obsessed.
It's the flea market, dummy.
Not the stock market.
Your audience is at the flea market.
I'm trying desperately to give you a helping hand.
A big helping like Elvis would like.
A big helping hand.
And especially after I listen to it, you know, I just have the monitors barely seeping in here now in the morning.
During that morning show of ours here.
And I'm beginning to realize, maybe there's too much sugar.
Oh, geez, look what I just did.
Crap.
Oh, no.
Maybe it's too much sugar or whatever the problem is.
But there are a lot of mentally ill people who call this radio station.
Now, would you like to do your self test this morning?
Here's an easy test for you.
If you've ever called a talk show or if you've even wondered yourself on the fourth, on the fifth of January.
Who the dolphins are should be looking to pick in the draft in April.
Or who the what free agents the dolphins might sign.
If either of those thoughts has ever entered your mind early in January, then you are obviously mentally ill and need very, very serious hope.
There is no, this isn't just my opinion.
I'm trying, I'm begging you to get yourself some assistance, okay?
Because there is no question in my mind.
It's pathetic. It's embarrassing to me.
What kind of no life, low life people are concerned about who anybody is going to be drafting in the middle of April and what free agents?
I mean, how about in two years?
How about in the year 2006?
You think Jimmy is still going to be here?
You think his hair will be any better?
Will it be the same shade of gray?
Will he still be a hard-ass?
Will he still be picking on the media?
I mean, please, there's got to be, there must be.
There has even anist got forsaken place.
There must be more to life than that, isn't there?
No.
Ten minutes after ten at 560, WQM Hank is back today too.
We've got the booster talking baseball from Los Angeles at 6th.
And we've got the Panthers at 830 out of Phoenix, 830 Nightboy.
They are desperate.
They got to start winning because they're falling like out of contention, man.
Everybody else is pulling away.
How about those leaves, huh?
Careful, it's a penalty and over time we'll take the win.
How about that?
Tonight on Let's Watch Animal Screw.
It's a dicey situation for the intrepid wildlife crew.
As they inadvertently interrupt, a wild gorilla in the Miss Orgie.
Soundman Richard is made with a 500-pound silverback male.
Follow the couple as they register at Macy's and pick out a flatware pattern.
It's all on tonight.
Let's watch Animal Screw.
How about you, Ron McGill, on that show?
Ten, 14 at 560, WQM.
By the way, let me just set the record straight for some of you.
Ojon provoked tours out there in Radio Land.
Yesterday, I go to the doctor.
I'm driving through the cold and the rain.
If I didn't have walking pneumonia before, I probably do now after being out there in the elements.
You know, yesterday I'm looking at the temperatures and the wind shield when I got home on the weather.
They're showing a wind shield 38 degrees and a temperature like 48.
I look at the paper this morning.
It was 58 and showers at Amsterdam yesterday.
So this was like Amsterdam without the good time.
It's basically what this was yesterday.
Cloudy and rainy and chilly and a little bitter and nasty.
But without the good time.
There you go.
So anyway, I'm driving in the car at 430, which I would nearly wouldn't usually be in there.
So I guess this asshole who called and managed assumed that I wouldn't be listening.
Little hidden run artist.
And if I would have had the phone in that car at the time which I did not, I would have called it immediately.
But Mad Dog knows that I'm his number one fan like Kathy Bates.
I am his number one fan.
I'm the greatest fan of Jim Maddits on the radio of anybody in this town because I appreciate it.
Not only does he know his craft and know what he's talking about, but he doesn't take it seriously.
He's got a tremendous sense of humor, right?
Yeah! He's great. He's an entertainer.
He's not just another dumb jock on the radio sitting there talking like that.
Sounding like a dollar, okay? He's an entertainer. He's hysterical.
So I'm driving along and I'm listening to Maddits and you know, air me call.
Jim, what do you think about the dolphins? Can they beat Denver again?
You think they're deep-versed? I mean, air me call the same goddamn craft, okay?
And here comes the guy, some of a banana boat guy. I don't remember exactly what his story was, but at any rate.
Okay, I changed the subject a little bit on you, Jim. Okay, whatever you like.
What do you think about neo-rodgers on your station? Calling you a little appoodle and taking all kinds of shots at you.
And managed to his credit. Obviously not getting sucked in in the first place.
Says neo-rodgers is a great entertainer. He does a tremendous show. He's hysterical about him.
And just pee all over me. I had a...right there in a car. I had a stop and change underwear.
Right under God name highway.
Because Maddits, you're just urinated all over my body theoretically.
I mean, just it was incredible.
But there always have to be these wise guys out there, these Ojón provocateurs.
It's like people, these sports nerds who call up with their trivia.
And you know, try to trick you by mentioning the name of some obscure asshole that jumped out off the bench 50 years ago in some boggling.
Yeah, never ever stops.
Like, you know, I'm smart and you're dumb. I'm going to show you.
Okay, then does it really mean anything?
No. No, just to kill him some time on their part is what it is.
But the audacity, the idea that anybody would believe that I'm ripping Jim Manditram here.
Now sometimes Maddits is full of craft.
There's a difference between admiring somebody's ability and being a big fan of theirs, which I love listening to Maddits.
And agreeing with everything they say.
But when people call a show, well, I agree with you most of the time. Well, who cares?
Why do you preface? Why do you have to do that little suck job before you, you know, you...
They're trying to get on an even playing field. You know what I'm saying? By saying that.
They're trying to level the playing field.
Well, you know, I agree with just about everything you say.
Well, you know something. I don't care if you agree with anything I say.
Nor I'm sure does anybody else in the audience care whether you agree with anything I say.
So again, it's like the people...
Please don't hang up on me. But again, a bad starter for a conversation.
Bad.
But I'll give you an example of Maddits being full of craft.
And that is just a couple of weeks ago, I heard him talking about the fact
that Michigan, that they hadn't got a quarterback to replace Brian Greasy.
And I've been, I've mentioned a couple of times that they're quarterbacked.
See, the reason Jim Maddits didn't like Tom Brady, the Michigan quarterback, is because he's a pretty boy.
He is a real, real...
He could be like a male model. He looks good and Maddits don't like that kind of athlete.
That's not his kind of guy. He likes a hard nose, you know, an ugly guy like Bob Greasy.
He likes a guy that looks like that and Brian looks a little like daddy, you know.
A pug nose, hard nose, you know, got it right into a wall.
But now all of a sudden, Michigan wins that game.
They make that dramatic comeback and score three touchdowns in like the last two seconds and beat those hogs.
And now yesterday, I hear him talking about Tom Brady and how great he was.
But I mean, but I'm both...
So again, you know, he can be full of craft at times too, especially when it comes to Michigan.
He may have his blinders on a little bit. And especially when it comes to guys who will look a little bit too good,
a little bit too pretty to be a football player.
Maybe Maddits is a little bit nervous about thinking about all those other guys in the locker room,
showering with Tom Brady after the game, huh?
Sounds like something I might be interested in.
What's wrong with that?
Jim Maddits is God.
I'll never forget it. Okay. Don't try to drive a wedge.
You're wasting your time with that full craft, okay?
All your little professional trouble makers out there with no life.
You know what these people remind me of? It's like in the old days.
See, these are old farts in training, old FIT, old farts in training.
These are the same people who will be living in the condos,
who will be opening up their neighbor's mail,
who will be hawking a chinaik about the neighbor's grandchildren,
who are making too much noise and yada, yada, yada.
These are the same people who will be doing that.
And the same people will be calling up,
if by the time they get to be that agent about 40 or 50 years, which they might,
there's any kind of...
Like if they bring back the light bulb,
if Jouge's Kaufman should be on the earth,
somebody like that, talking to people over the age of death.
Hello, Jouge. I heard somebody call the other station and say,
you have bitch.
That's...
Be back in the days when we had INZ and IOD and GBS and KAT was still doing talk.
There were four stations doing talk in this market at the same time.
I know it's hard to believe.
There were four talk stations.
And believe me, you talk about spreading the talent in.
We had guys like David Gold and we had the Dean Allen Burke.
Is he a house-y doing? Is he still alive?
No.
But anyway.
You know, and what the old farth would do, like a bunch of little children.
Of course, I would sit and punch the dials in the car and listen to them.
And of course, you know, doing a show on the year for 100 years here.
I knew AirV voice, all the chronics.
It's like, you know, when we left to IOD.
And all the chronics started calling in over there.
The people that we would never let on the year.
Well, you know, they find a roosting place.
They find them.
It's like when Joey Reynolds started doing the weekends in IOD a few years ago.
Many years ago.
And then all the people we wouldn't let on any of the shows during the week.
They all gravitated to Joey on the weekend.
That's right.
All the misfits, which was a perfect match, by the way.
But that's what the old farth would do.
And they would call one show and say something to a host.
And then you'd hear them on GBS like 10 minutes later.
Oh, I just heard David Gold say you're an asshole.
And he thinks that you're a Nazi.
And they would play like one against the other.
That's called being a professional Yenta.
So we have many Yenta's in training in South Florida.
We have young Yentos who are practicing to become old Yentos because they know if they live your all their lives.
And most of them will because they have no life.
That they'll wind up in a condo.
They'll probably wind up in sunrise.
Lakes would be a good place for most of them.
That would be a perfect place in sunrise.
Lakes.
Or maybe they'll be over there in Hellenville Beach with Sonny Rosenberg.
That asshole who now is looking for more publicity for himself.
So not only has a letter to the editor today in the Sunset Mill.
But also an article about Arthur Rosenberg not to be confused with Sonny Rosenberg.
Even though it's the same asshole.
Okay. You know Sonny Rosenberg.
He's an asshole.
He always wasn't.
He always will be.
What's the change the name to Hellenville Beach from Hellenville?
Why don't they just change it to Hellenville funeral parlor would be the outdoor death place.
That would be pretty good.
We don't want no MTV.
Who was it? Please tell me again from GTR the kind of community.
Who was it?
Tom Kennedy.
Ken Kennedy.
I thought he just signed with who was Houston.
Tom Kennedy from GTR the old days.
He's the one who lived in Hellenville.
And he took care of you old parts up there.
Nice going Tom.
Oh bless you.
Forgetten MTV on the cable.
The old parts they didn't want MTV on there because they didn't want it.
They wanted the geriatric food channel.
They wanted to.
Yeah, they have a special food channel on Hellenville.
Only recipes you can gum.
Anything that requires chewing.
They will not allow you to be made on it.
The essence of Emerald won't see him.
Too many chewy foods.
If you can gum it, they love it.
And every show that's on there on the Hellenville food channel has got a glass fizzing in the background.
So as soon as it gets time to eat.
As soon as the early bird opens up, just pop your teeth in there and gum your brains out.
You think you can gum famous aimless?
Huh?
I'm not going to eat these.
I'm not even slightly inclined.
Plus I still have a little touch of this, whatever this thing is.
It's not completely gone.
I just mentioned that in case Dr. Mark might be listening down there.
It's not completely gone.
It's going away, but it hangs on.
It's persistent.
It's crap that everybody's gone.
Don't forget.
It pays to shun sugar.
I just mentioned that again in passing.
I know that you're...
Look, if Rick Riley can do the stock market every day, I'll just do carbohydrate count.
I got that in my hand, honey.
Is that the honey, Junior?
Right.
In fact, later on in here, he says a little dabble-dabble-due is okay, honey.
I think there was a comment in there.
Here's Boka.
Hello?
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes, you want to know why the name Rodale seems familiar?
JJ Rode, who is that?
That was the guy who dropped dead on the Dick Cavit Show.
It was?
Yeah, he went on the Dick Cavit Show for claiming self-helpiest man alive and then healed over.
Are you cereal?
Absolutely.
All right.
Great.
I just remember the name.
How long was that?
Back when Dick Cavit had a show.
I mean, back in the late 60s, I guess.
Yeah, yeah.
Now, this book, I think, was written in the 60s.
And you know, the sad part of it is he makes a couple of good points.
Right.
But then he just gets carried away like some kind of a voodoo witch doctor.
I mean, when I read this later, you'll just die laughing.
It's hysterical.
I know.
He has thought the thing about the nutrition of quacks.
Yeah.
You'll say, like, 10% of this stuff will be absolutely seven, eight percent.
Well, how about that, Adele Davis?
Remember, she used to write all those books.
Let's get well and you get well and this one get well.
And she used to always push in milk.
You got to drink a lot of milk.
And then she died from bone cancer.
Oh, boy.
Which I thought today she might, the calcium must have been going out of her recto
somewhere because it definitely didn't get in her bones too well.
Okay.
Have a great day.
Thank you.
Good news.
Okay.
So JJ Rodeil is dead.
All right.
Healthiest man dead is what he is.
Now, seriously, if you open up that box, you take a look at that.
What a magnificent corpse.
He's almost as healthy as Joe D.
And by the way, thank God, over.
It's only the fifth of January.
We already got something to be thankful for.
We haven't had reports in days.
Maybe a couple of weeks about Jolton, Joe Demaggio.
Yeah.
In stereo no less.
Let's have a party, God damn it.
Is he dead?
Is he alive?
Who knows and who cares?
Just let us know when it's over.
Or can't leave the poor bastard alone.
And you notice, Cynthia instructed that the Morris Angleberg guy said to cut the craft for
these stupid reports.
All right.
You notice how CNN isn't flashing it on there every five minutes and headline news and CNBC?
No, but they do have the call for the stocks.
And there's a rickety putting it on here.
See, if we want to know every second rickety market is, I'm just trying to give you a
little assistance.
I know you're a hard ass.
I know you won't listen to anybody.
But it is ponderous.
It would be like turning on mutton Jeff who is supposed to be making us laugh and hearing,
oh, the dollar is up 53.81 right now.
And the NASDAQ is up 14.
I mean, come on already.
It's the flea market, not the stock market.
I'm just amazed because when they run in the afternoon, like I've said before, I always listen to
the bank and I do, except when those calls, the gambling calls start coming in about 215.
But at any rate, you know, and so I wasn't aware of the fact that he became obsessed.
He went from the computer obsession into the stock market obsession.
And like I said, the guy, you know, all of a sudden starts making a little bit of money and right away he's a maven.
He's an investment expert.
I just can't imagine hearing Gilbert and adequate dick or Dave or whatever.
Anybody out there know adequate dick, but at any rate.
I mean, I can't imagine hearing them in one breath and then hearing about, you know, some hot stock that's going to take off and go up 80 points today.
And it's really interesting.
I heard him talking about how queer channel stock is going up.
So high.
If it's going up so much, how come they're not paying anybody and they're firing everybody?
That's probably why it's going up so much.
The shareholders are getting all the money and the poor buyers are just working there.
They're all getting blown out.
Nice going, Rhonda Wolf.
And by the way, Michael sure adds a lot to that.
Oh my God.
That's it's worried.
But he must be getting paid by the word that it contributes on it.
Or maybe he's getting paid in reverse because he doesn't have anything.
He's no Chuck Meyer.
I'll tell you that good news guy.
Michael, not a bad guy.
Never wrote a stolen motorcycle.
But Jesus Christ almighty adds nothing in there.
It's another going to have to bring into my side help.
I was thinking coming to work this morning.
You know they have that stupid talk which is an idiotic idea to begin with.
But they're really not a network anymore at all.
They're not on any place.
Are they?
Huh?
No, they can't because he says super talk 940.
They're not carrying them anywhere else.
So why don't we just start our own informal.
It doesn't have to be on the same station.
Huh?
A network.
Yeah, our own network.
The Rick and Suggs in the morning, Neil and midday.
And Hank in the afternoon, if the gamblers will stop calling.
You know what I'm saying?
Huh?
You follow about them talking about?
Yeah.
I have our own network.
Not necessarily connected with any particular radio station.
I mean that's the way.
If that's the way the business is going to go.
And you've got a couple of companies that own every goddamn radio station.
Well, we can't be worried about that.
Okay?
Because I can't, I can't, I just can't deal with these sports nerds that want to know in the middle of in early January.
Well, who do you think the dolphins ought to pick?
And is there a kid playing out there in Amesville?
I wonder if you think on a high school team that might be pretty good for us down the road?
I mean, even even a quarterback for Tennessee, his name is T.
Well, we're getting to that.
I want the details on that.
I want to hear all about this guy.
And he's a white guy, by the way, okay, with a bad name.
See, not only, not only you black folks can have bad names, but Southern is have real strange names too.
Southern white folk.
Maybe it's just a Southern thing.
He's an Ojón provocateur.
Tonight on Let's Watch.
Oh, wait a minute.
We just played that.
Didn't we?
Let's play this one.
Sorry.
Come away.
And if you don't understand me...
And if you understand me, I'll say,
And if you don't understand me...
I'll say...
And if you don't understand me...
I'll say...
And if you don't understand me...
I'm not the bride...
Of beauty queens...
Oh right!
They all agree that he is the means
Oh, man!
They all regret it
They won't forget it
They're dating Tyson
They're more often
Than two or three
We've all been popular
What do they see?
It's all depressing
That they're from grasslands
They're dating Tyson
I am Mike with my young money
Why do you hide this way?
We're not making it funny
When I give you and you
To stay
Here's you and laundry
And dropping salt
But in a prison
There's no world
The end makes love him
There are all the bald men
They're dating Tyson
The Pernancy Quarterback is in T-Martin
And is the receiver as Pyrrhus Price
Because they call him like T.P. for short
Pyrrhus Price
Hey Pyrrhus, how you doing Pyrrhus?
And quarterback is T
John was telling me this morning
That stands for T
What his full name was
Something a little red half baked
Tennessee Southern Redneck
Yahoo, trash, bullcrap
Yeah
But somebody will call him
One of the experts out
One of the sports nerds will tell us about that
We got somebody on there
Okay, here's somebody that knows the crap
Hello
Hey Neil
Yes sir
Sport nerd here
All right
It's Mr. G
His name is Tom Morris
Tom Morris
And he's not a white guy either
The quarterback
He's a bro
No way
Yeah, I watch the game
He is not
The quarterback for Tennessee is a white guy
He's not a white guy
I thought you said he was a white guy
He is a white guy
No, he's a black guy
He's a black guy
Everybody's pulling in say
No, he is a black guy
I'm thinking to the punter
That's right, I saw the punter at the end of the game
I kept thinking he was the quarterback
I don't know why I had a brain part
I just got back from the track
I turned it off
And I saw the punter
He was the only white guy in the whole guy in the field
Right, I just saw the six of you
Oh, you mean he's a black guy?
Yeah, he's a bro
And his name is one
Tom Morris
Tom Morris
Tom Morris
How many Tom Morris are we going to see?
You got it
Okay, thanks a lot
You'll be good by it
You'll be having a good day
Well, I say
See, now I can't see
I can't do my proper bubonics yet
It's only the fifth of January
After Martin Luther King's birthday
Then I'll be able to do it right
Okay
Isn't that the demarcation line?
Boy, can you imagine he's turning over in his grave
With this bubonics craft
I didn't hear Martin Luther King do no rhyming
And driving and rapping
And clapping and slapping
Did you hear that?
No
No way
Also, let's say I brother this guy
I said, Sparcher is the quarterback
Oh, I thought it was a white southern guy with a bad name
I kept thinking that that punter
Who looked like a lot of the human there
Especially for somebody from Tennessee
Ever been in Tennessee?
I wrote Hank a couple weeks ago
I talked about his trip to Nashville
The people there are mugwumps
I know you think I'm exaggerating
They are mugwumps
They are not the same
They are not quite the same
They're like some of the people in Shelby Montana
That have orange here
Kind of like bookshambi
Although I'm not saying he's like from Shelby Montana
But nevertheless
They have that color over here
Comic book
Hair colors
Purple and orange
And strange
Like their noses were their rectum
It's supposed to be in one ear
Where their mouth used to be
Very strange
Like the product of centuries
And centuries of inset and inbreeding
Is what they look like
Yeah, that's right
That's right
Their faces kind of like all shove off the one side
So when you see somebody who plays for Tennessee
You know, he must have been a recruit from out of state
Because you couldn't possibly be from like Knoxville or Nashville
Or any of the other places in Tennessee
That's a strange place, baby
Yeah, that's the strange
That's right upstream from Aintree, by the way
So anyway, thank God we got that straight now
What's your guy's name Omar Tavaris?
Tammar Tammaris?
No, but there's a story about that
About how he be getting that name
That guy didn't have the story
I want the story behind the story
There's some nifty bizarre dealer
About how he got some illiterate name
Besides the fact being a brother
So what do you think about famous anus?
Was he a brother or what, huh?
Oh, you know it
Yeah, I do know a famous anus
He made the best guy named Chocolate Chip Cookies
Next to those hot ones that they give you on the plane
I'm trying to think is that a marathon airlines that gives you that for dessert?
Yes
On some of the shorter flights or whatever flights
They give you like a nice hot chocolate chip cookie
Right out of the oven
With the chocolate chips like melting, you know
Oh God
And this road ale guy, he croaked right on the air
So what the hell did he know about sugar?
But he's right
He's right
You see God works in mysterious ways
First of all, he gives you diarrhea, which I mean, you know what kind of a God is that?
And secondly, he makes the things that taste good kill us
Because he's testing us again
That's right to see if we have willpower
Well, how come he didn't give us more willpower
If he's such a wonderful loving benevolent God, huh?
Isn't that a good question?
How come he didn't give us?
How come he didn't make us creatures of tremendous strength and emotional will?
You bastard?
That's what we ought to be saying
We ought to be looking up in the sky
God, you bastard you
And then put away our famous saying, it's off to the side like that
Huh?
Or should you just eat him and say, oh God, that's good
Everything that's good, whether it's sex, whether it's sugar, whether it's...
Oh, I got it, I'm telling you, there's one in here about her
This is too good to wait, too good to wait
From JJ Roe de El who croaked right on the air
I got to find it right away immediately if not sooner
So, here you go
Another example of criminals who were slaves to sugar
are the cases of four women who were executed for murder in the state of California in the last 20 years or so
The most recent is Mrs. Elizabeth Thunkin who killed her pregnant daughter-in-law
Here again a curious journalist, Eddie Joe Burnell, analyzed the character of these four women and found many similarities
These are his words in Los Angeles, Harold Examiner, August 12, 1962
All of them like dessert and sweets, all the women like candy and ice cream
Mrs. Spinelli ate ice cream and pie the night before she died
Mrs. Petey, nibble candy and offered a box of it to reporters and photographers that 84 she was executed
Barbara Graham's last meal was a hot-fudge Sunday
Oh, right!
It's a killer, baby
Doesn't that sound good? A hot-fudge smoothie, not on vanilla, but like on fish food
Oh, God, loaded with cream on top
No, loaded with fresh marshmallow on top
I mean, there's marshmallow inside of it already
But look, with fresh marshmallow and real, real rich hot hot-fudge
Not like your ordinary, not out of a jar, but hot hot-fudge
Liedled right over the top
And maybe like a little butter scoops, drizzle along the side with the banana
Now we're talking about hot-fudge, now we're talking banana split, not hot-fudge Sunday
If we get that really thick hot-fudge, come over here
Oh, yeah, I love that
Oh, different consistencies
Can you imagine just that you can just, you can see that your blood sugar just spiking
Going up to 200, 300, 400
You can't even keep up with the guy named Needle zooming up there so fast
Mmm
You know how many, how many, it's been a coons' age since I've had a banana split?
Not that I'm gonna have one, please, no way
I'm as fat as a cow
But I'm just, I'm just thinking about it, in fact, I'm telling you that could be
We could do a tremendous service on this show
I mean Rick can talk about the stock market and I'll just talk about food
We won't eat it, we'll just talk about it
Like in fatso, huh?
What's wrong with that?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
We'll just sit in, we'll breathe hard like Oscar Lapita
I like love shined copies
Yeah, me too
20 bun before 11 at 550 WQM
Oh, a banana split, mmm
Just found so damn good
With no vanilla ice cream in it, by the way
That's one thing about me in the days when I used to buy a banana split, which I did
At a fountain, of course, like a fresh, you know
Skip the vanilla, give me like two strawberries and one chocolate
Or two chocolates and one strawberry, no vanilla
I mean if you're gonna have something that's got all that good stuff in there
I wasted what something is bland, is boring, as puking, dosing, as vanilla
I'll leave that to you guys, one moment please
Where do you find it, Kaplan?
Right where you got it?
Sports radio, 560 QAF
It's what's the Russian and the basket
It's gone out of the form
And so good here's the woody act like Cheechun Chong
And get some munchies and make roundly soup with past
Yes
And woody share it with Jesus and the saints
No
So high as fire and head
And yeah, yeah
Hot in his grace and yeah
Yeah, hot is good
And yeah, yeah, yeah
What has got no cannabis
No good plus, life's one of us
Okay
Getting high on the back of the box
Just in the nauseous getting cold
On a greyhound bus to roll
To get some battered kid on roll
A couple of time back to take home
Smoke up big, bob Marley on his throne
No fun in heaven, let's your soul
Yeah, I hope God doesn't smoke too much of that bad weed
Because if he does, he's gonna get the munchies
He's gonna start eating all his famous anus
And all his sugar and then he's gonna go psychotic
And maybe his last meal will be a goddamn hot-bought Sunday
What a way to go, huh?
And I guarantee it won't be an all ice cream
It'll be on Ben and Jerry's
Maybe it'll be on Heathbar Crunch
That would be good hot-bought Sunday on Heathbar Crunch
Mmm, God
Yeah, I'm serious, let's just talk about food every day
If Neil's revolutionary new diet plan, we don't eat it
We just talk about it and the food too
Because JJ Roaddale, who was very dead, said before he died
If you wish to develop mentally
One of the worst foods you can eat is white sugar and white sugar products
At a boy, JJ, I always like that JJ bad hairdo
But not a bad guy
Widely misunderstood
There must be no candy
This is like the scene in Fancy where he's sitting in the way he comes out of the exam
In the diet joint
And he's telling me he starts to put the grape in his mouth or whatever he's picking off the fruit
And just as he no grapes, no of this
And he puts it down to the sour look on his purse
Right?
And goes home and cooks up the kale
Nice lasagna for you, kale and chicken for me
You know
You like bread
And anyway, there must be no candy, no ice cream, no soda pop, no cookies, cakes and pasties, generally
Item by item, you must route these foods out of your diet when in doubt route them out
In their place, substitute fruits and sweet vegetables like the sweet potato, carrots, beets, etc.
Oh, beets
I wonder what this guy's dead
I wonder we cooked right on here
Maybe this guy had too many Jewish friends who were Russian friends that were feeding him borscht, huh?
You ever eat borscht?
Good, good move
In fact, I'd rather eat flan than eat borscht, I'd rather die than eat flan
I don't know how you can tell me that you like flan
That is, it's the slimeiest, it's like eating snot
It's like jello
No, it would be taking jello and coating it with snot and then just mmm, that's the syrup
Let me see how that flan looks
No, I have not, I've had flan all over the world, Mr. D'Avley
And it all tastes like snot
In Italy, Italy, they have flan, huh?
It's not my favorite Spanish dessert, but it is a Spanish dessert
Now, you're the Spanish dessert or a Cuban dessert?
No, you know, that kind of thing
Yeah, well how about a rapeseed?
You always try to pawn off stuff and usually it's the good stuff too, you know, like the wicked weed
It's on other spics, but the Cubans don't you have anything of your own besides beans?
Yeah, we have the palomias, they have the palomias
I mean, all you got is basically beans and that's what you've got
You've just mentioned whatever that palomino, the palomino is a horse
Palomino steak, which is a Cuban for horse meat, and you got beans
And you've got Iliana Ross Latin, that's all you got
All these chicken dishes, you've never had a real party, huh?
Yeah, chicken dishes from chicken, you choked into the goddamn front yard
We're talking about civilized food here, Mr.
We're not talking about the fronting
Which you also like?
Probably, but yeah, right
In fact, that's what Iliana Ross likes to do with what's his name?
Dexter in your spare time
What's your problem?
I'm a file-based file
Yeah, and then cook them and have them for dinner
But at any rate, oh, she makes me sick
Yeah, she makes me angry because I think every time I see her, I think of Rosanne Rosanna Dana
And I think what a shame it is that she's dead and this bitch is still alive
That's a sad, sad piece of news
Is that a hysterically funny lady who was married to Gene Wilder by the way
Who's also hysterically funny in his own bizarre way
She's dead and this bitch is still alive
You'll be right to eat your heart out, okay sweetheart?
Or however that goes
Shame on you, Iliana Ross Latin, you crazy obnoxious disgusting
And yesterday of course because they're actually gonna let the little loosen up with a few but just a little bit
She's a bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap
Yeah, motormouth bitch
Crazy motormouth bitch, probably eaten too many of those palamino steaks
Here's Miami, hello
No, I'm calling you so
Uh-huh
I don't know how can I get the CDs
And I have another comment
I would like to think the law enforcement to make my city because I spend Libby City
It's so great by residents
Right, that's right, they got the little ball, baby
You won't see the little bow no more
No more
That's right
I don't want the city straight to leave my doors open now
That'll see Kim to go to West Palm Beach, right?
Yep
Can I get a CD?
Can you make it out of here?
Can you get one there, they're all gone, their history
I'll give you the number you might call if they still got them, it's a 954
Yeah
5'63
Uh-huh
3600
All right, no, let yourself
Okay, thanks
There you go, yeah, little bow, you won't see him no more, let's hear it
I got little bow, he said a motel in West Palm, nice high out there, little bow
And they looked in there, if they looked through the crack of the door, would that be a little bow peep?
Is that what that would be?
And there he was inside, okay, come with us little bow
We'll see him no more
That's good, get that scum back off the street so, okay, let us go back to the usual civilized
I'm his famous for being, we won't kill quite so many
Oh, by the way, yeah, I was going to say this for later, but the timing since he brings up little bow
One of the most unbelievable, and it's only a coincidence, if you have the herald, if you don't have the herald, rush out and steal it, okay
Page 10A in this morning's herald, world of national news
Now, it just so happens that they continue on page 10, a story that's on the front page about this get on the turnpike that got hit by a stray bullet
19 U.L. Vladimir St was hit by a bullet between Oakland Park and centralized bullet hards on the turnpike
Just, you know, drive it along, singing a song, but I'm bang, you know, there you go, talking to the sound floor to Vladimir
And the second part of that article is on this page and right above and alongside are two amazing articles
And it shows a wounded Israeli settler on a stretcher, wheeled in a Jerusalem hospital Monday after gunmen fired on a van in Hebron
And here's the story, two Jewish settlers wounded an ambush in the West Bank and then our niece, Bullock, Grazes, teen headed home on the turnpike
And then off to the left is Israel to deport 11 U.S. cultists to reout this hell until the pro-Band
These are those crazy wackos that were trying to bring on Armageddon by exactly
Israel ordered 11 members of the doomsday cult he ported to the United States and police said Monday they suspected three others of plotting to commit violence in Jerusalem
Police arrested 14 members of the concerned Christians on Sunday and said the Denver based group hope that bloodshed at holy sites would trigger the second coming of Jesus
And that Armageddon and the Bible says we'll follow certain and so on
So what we got are a bunch of crazy people with guns, we got them in Israel, we got them on the turnpike
See I was going to say the only piece of desert worth fighting over is Vegas which I've always used that line about what a piece of crap is real is
But all these crazy religious the Arabs and the Jews and the go in, oh yes, give us a limit, the holy line, yeah blow it up, blow it up, blow it up your ass
However, the only problem being well this wasn't in Vegas, but it was in Nevada
Because well, I think there's only one way to come on let's go with this thing already
We don't have all day one thing away to sum it up that's the American way
Knife or shoots motorists along Nevada highway they don't want to be left out
Reno Nevada a man was shot in the chest on Monday last night for targeting traffic on interstate 80
See and Sicily they just had another one over the weekend where they had a big shooting at a restaurant there the mob and of course they were a little more careless than usual
They were just pissed off so much they didn't care who was in the way
But in America it's like hey if you happen to be on the turnpike or like if you happen to be on the I-80 we decided through time
Three other vehicles were hit by gunfire forcing the closure of the highway from the outskirts of Reno to the California state line
The wounded man was able to drive several miles to a fire station
He was hospitalized with a wound that police said was not life threatening. Thank you.
Daniel, come on for that
There you go
Crazy people with guns you see you can argue the theoretical to the gun thing all you want you know
You can argue well you know about the right just like in that book that I love that I've been reading from about our rights being taken away
But the only problem is that the emotional maturity level of the average American person is like about a five-year-old
And then when also you put guns in the hands of lunatics like the hysterical Jews and Arabs who are out there to kill each other on the West Bank
Then it's the same thing because they're pissed off and fired up and when you put guns in the hands of people that are pissed off and fired up
They have a tendency to use them
Here's a bokeh hello
Mobile and bokeh
You be there
It waited 17 minutes and 50 some seconds and they'd be gone well. I can't imagine why they did that
We have an open line in brown or five six seven oh five six especially one for we be paying for it five six seven oh five
60 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here in fact, I think what we ought to do is have a big celebration noon today
Let's just string up a little bow and uh
Yeah, there you go. Let's string up just like they did with Mussolini there in Italy at the end of World War II
String is asked up there
Here's Miami hello
Yes, sir. Hey, I got the load on on P Martin's name for you. Now what what's that name B T his father name is Maurice
Yeah, he was conceived his mother as a gesture to his father wanted him to Maurice
So instead of when they are registered a name instead of being two. It's top. So therefore the name Tom Maurice
Whatever's last name is yeah, so that's a load on on the name instead of two it was Tom right the the records keeper
At the hospital instead of writing could you tell me I mean right now to well there's our American money going to what the education
You know what I'm saying was then I was after a rangel O'Lomongelo or was that just before that I have no idea
But I guess I wasn't there
So now what is again his name is T. I mean the father's name was Maurice right and when he was conceived as a gift to the father the mother
Wanted to give present the father would it get so instead of name and Maurice?
He named him to Maurice which is his father's name to me right to me and maybe a number's tumor
I mean he was in a great santeen movie. His name was to to to to to to me
Well, I know he just got up to to to me. You never know well
Yeah, I don't know I guess everybody has their own everybody's got their thing you're right exactly
I think I'll leave his alone. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Okay. Okay. There you go. He'd be to me to me
To me time now do we understand what he just said? No, but you know
He's got the load on on but I'm still trying to what put the two by the T by the Maurice. I don't get it
We have it out remember Maurice Williams in the zodiacs remember that you have an open line and date wanted Broward five six seven oh five
60 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's North Miami. Hello
Hello, yes, sir. Good morning. Yeah, where is to you? How are you sir? Great happy new year happy you be late at anniversary sir
Neil reference equipment
George's got to take you out somewhere. I mean forget about free holidays and all that crap man. The holidays
That's in that Mexican. I do like Taco Bell. Oh
You don't like Taco Bell come on. Yeah, I'll make a video supreme with no
Want to have the killer munchies I go there. There you go
Anyway, no really like George was saying I rock on boy. Oh
Rose confloy. Oh, I've had too much chicken. I don't want to see another
T row and send you what is it? Rawa?
Rawa is in deal. I was
Oxtail oh, I still see what I'm talking about
Things next you're gonna be telling me about fun. I got a beef. I've seen a few
I'm a shoe yeah, I got Frita. I got Rita
God, I can't even say these things much like that. Just them and as far as the dirt's flat is probably one of the best desserts ever made you like
Flan
Dude, that's not slim. I mean that you know something. He's right. This guy just hit on the answer
It is slim. That's the Hispanic way of saying flim is flim you're right. Thank you sir. Absolutely correct
Ever great day. How do you like that? Flam is flim
In a sponule
Seriously, it tastes like snot. I there's no I know it's tasteless to say that but there is no other way that it looks like snot
It's the consistency. It's slimy like snot. You think it's delicious, but once you taste it, it's not
In fact, we were in a restaurant in Bolonia and they had what the hell do they call that the Italians make a version of that too a
Custard it's like flan. It is flan, but they get Italian's call something else and
It was flan and it was slimy and it tasted like a puke and like snot and it's not
The Neil Roger show now on five sixty WP AF Miami Fort Lauderdale. All right. This is G Gordon Lydia and they don't come anywhere
The Neil Rogers
Come on everybody
We gonna play a game
We be kidding kids that ride
And he finally to be the need
You think a punk is so
Check that one out and kick it
G the
Mister
Who's that holes
For a post you want to know how to talk to me,
why should I talk to you?
Oh!
You be voted!
For a post you want to know how to talk to me,
why should I talk to you?
Why should I talk to you?
Oh, no.
Now try your luck with luck.
What's the cost of that?
Why should I talk to you?
Why should I talk to you?
Buck.
I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I
was going to say, I was going to say, I was going to say, I was going to say, I lasers a group of friends,
in your mouth because they might be bad for you.
Do you want to sniff them first?
Well, most, it's curious, like, my dog.
The big dog, the rotary treaver, if I put like a little
something on the end of my finger that I'm eating for him,
he'll eat it, no questions asked.
He knows if it's good enough for me, it's good enough for him.
The little dog being a sneaky, anti-social,
little piece of crap, the miniature pinter,
he will sniff it first to see if it's up to his standards.
No, that's right.
He will sniff it and I'll stick to my mouth,
screw you, you little piece of crap.
Yeah, he's got a sniff it first to see
if it's, you know, okay, according to his particular taste buds.
Here's North Miami, hello.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
You're the cookies away.
No, I haven't even put them.
I'm sitting here, I'm not resting my work power.
All right, to the tomorrow things.
The what tomorrow?
Yeah, tomorrow, tomorrow, yeah.
Is that kid that black quarterback?
See, it wasn't the pottery, there was the place kicker,
it was when they were kicking the field goal
and made it like 17 to 9.
And they showed the place kicker and I thought
he was the quarterback, because they just came in
and turned the TV on.
I thought, oh my God, it's a white quarterback in Tennessee,
but it was, I was wrong.
Well, I saw a sleep watch in the game,
but anyway, before the show, before the game,
they said what that guy said about him being born.
Yeah.
The mother wasn't born.
When the baby was that little black kid was born,
they wanted to call him.
She wanted to say to Morris,
but the person who wrote out the birth certificate
was illiterate, so instead of writing TOO, they wrote TEE.
So, wait a minute, what kind of a name would that be anyway?
What do you mean, what do you mean,
the guy writing it out was illiterate?
What was she if she's writing them in TOO, Morris?
And that was instead of like, where is Junior
or Morris the second or the third?
It's like TOO, Morris?
I could have been four Morris, either way.
You talk about TOO, but names, what about Jeb?
I mean, can you think of a more idiotic name than that?
Red Necky?
Yeah.
And Rick and Suds, I listen this morning,
because I love Suds.
I mean, Rick and Suds.
Yeah.
And we love Rick.
What did I get?
The stock market?
If you could talk.
He's obsessed with that stock market.
I mean, I have made my death
medication.
I'm going to promote the hell out of them,
because I would be good guys.
I want to see them make it.
They'll get no promotion from Clear Channel
or on the verge of getting screwed over badly.
But if he doesn't stop the upset,
and like, every two seconds with a guy named Suds
and fair value with this, nobody cares about that stuff.
He's trying to impress us with what a guy named Suds
Maveny is.
Nobody cares.
When you think of Rick Riley, the last thing
in the world you think of is the stock market.
Let me tell you his death knell, Gilbert.
You talk about reaching for a dial.
Yeah.
Well, Gilbert and then he's got that adequate
day of which he had on him for the last 10 minutes today.
And now what he's going to do, and I hate to say this,
because I really want to promote the hell out of them.
But now he's going to do a stuttering John ripoff.
And he's going to send Gilbert and this guy out
to do the politician.
And he's going to do an exact stuttering John ripoff.
And that's it's sad.
You know, I used an adequate day before Christmas.
It is 100% until now as far as Cuban food.
Yes.
That George taking a lot in America.
If there was a good as they used to be,
and my favorite Cuban food is chicharrones.
Chicharrones?
There it is.
We're just going to give you a big thumbs up.
Now what is that?
Deac fried pork.
Is that like chungarrones?
Deac fried pork skin.
It is unbelievable.
Deac fried pork skin.
I mean, it killed you.
It was fantastic.
Yeah.
It is fantastic.
Now that they removed the smegma first
before they put it in the batter.
And that one guy said it right.
Flim.
Flon looks like flim.
It is.
And the black guy, the little bow.
Let me tell you something.
They don't have room in prison for a piece of crap like that.
Yeah.
It's not going to slay.
Like, hey, let's stone them to that in Liberty City right
at noon today.
Everybody have a big parade.
We'll have a party.
They got too many guys with weed and stuff in prison.
They have no room for a guy like that.
Like just say goodbye to little svo.
And in prison, they don't have toilet seats.
OK.
Later, Neil.
OK, look, that's little svo.
We don't want svo, griffin to get upset.
We don't want to do nothing to hurry yet.
OK, we have two open lines.
And not until we get up on the third floor
and we're off there together, then
there will probably be a lot of hostility.
Although we had no problem with them when they were down here
except when every now and then,
kid career would go off and get psychotic.
Although we had no problem with them either
with the TV people.
Well, you notice how much better the show is going
and how much better we feel.
And this is an irrationalization.
This is the fact I said it as soon as they got out of here
like the next day.
It's like we were prisoners of whammy for what?
To be made fools out of for a no effort horse ball,
nonsense budget crap.
And what you'll notice, like I said,
never gotten touched with us to tell us when it was going to go off.
Had to read about it in the goddamn newspaper.
It was different made a difference, which it did not.
But just to give an idea of the kind of great relationship,
well, it's all your fault, Neil.
Yeah, right.
Yeah, I was the one responsible for all the technical
screw ups in the beginning.
The fact they couldn't get the picture on.
Then they couldn't get the audio up.
They had the big hum job on there.
Two open lives in Dave County, 5.670560,
pound 5.60 on the mobile one line.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How's it going?
Great.
Neil, I was just going to ask you something.
First, are you familiar with the area
by the Rascal House anymore?
No.
OK, because they had this casino over there.
I don't know.
How could they have a other curious to know?
They had some casino.
No, they didn't have a casino.
They don't know casinos in Florida.
I have to have that.
It says casinos.
It has big new lights.
It says casinos.
And I never bought what to look in with I should.
But I did see small machines in the front.
I don't know if it's like those seminal in-been gaming type
things or.
Now exactly where is this?
It's by the Rascal House?
Right on the street from the Rascal House.
Oh, yeah.
Right to the Rascal House.
Oh, yeah.
That's the thing that says casinos.
I don't know what.
I'm sure that one of our astute illegal gambors
out there would be interested.
Definitely.
Maybe that the Humper knows something about it.
Also, I just wanted to concur with you about Mandage.
Yeah.
That's great.
You really is, guy.
That really pissed me off.
I mean, ordinarily, I know these colors.
They pull all kinds of crap and they try to create
contrive controversy.
But this asshole calls Mandage yesterday
and making up stuff that I, first of all,
the only guy I ever call little dog was Joe Rose's
little dog, not Mandage, the little poodle,
a little dog, whatever you want.
Well, you know, Gaptooth, or Gaptooth Junior.
But Jim Mandage is a great entertainer.
He's hysterical.
He had me laugh at me and my pants laugh
at a couple of lines that came up with yesterday.
I'll tell you even on TV, even if you have to act
to fool sometimes, even on that channel,
like that ass, ass, man, ditch, or whatever it is.
But I mean, like you say, the funniest.
Definitely, definitely a talented guy.
Definitely has a good sense of humor about it.
Well, all right.
All right.
Well, take it easy, Neil.
OK, pal, thanks for the good news.
OK, he said it's taste like flam.
OK, if we have anybody who likes flam in this audience,
OK, your taste is in your...
Right, Bill.
That's all I want to say.
It is a totally new word.
It's what?
I've had bad flam.
It's something to get right.
Flam.
There's no such thing as right.
It's, believe me, in Italy.
I mean, are there any better cooks anywhere
in the world than Italy?
No.
In a very, very fine Italian restaurant in Bolonia,
which is known for their outstanding cuisine.
OK, great meal for dessert.
They had something...
Again, I wish to help.
I knew maybe if we had some real Italian,
but there's all these different recipes.
What?
Like, my cousin makes it with cream cheese,
and it's really firm.
There's all these different flam recipes.
The problem isn't the filling.
You don't understand.
It's not the filling.
It's the syrup.
It's the syrup and whatever you're...
It's the syrup that they call it.
But it's, but it's, but it's gelled syrup,
and it's like, it's slimy, and it's like, snot.
You look at it and it looks really rich and delicious,
and you think it's going to be great and it's not.
So you don't like jello, either?
Do I like jello?
I mean, I can handle it like when I was going to eat it.
I can go to the other day.
No, it's not.
It's a jello tonight pudding.
But it's jello isn't slimy.
Unless you blow your nose in it,
jello isn't slimy.
If you put whipped cream on it, it is.
No, I know it's not.
If you put whipped cream on it, it's delicious, right?
In fact, if you just scoop the jello out and throw it away
and just fill up the whole thing with whipped cream,
then it's really good.
What's wrong with that?
What is wrong with that?
In fact, I could take one of those big containers
of a ready whip, some of which have virtually no carbs,
by the way, if you look at the labels carefully.
And just, I know I'm the only one in the world
grossing up to admit to doing this.
Huh?
Kip it upside down and just put that little hose on the end.
Huh?
And if you do it right side up, you get it with it.
Oh, I just stuck it right out of the nozzle.
Never stuck it right out of the nozzle.
I'll bet.
1109 at 560 WQM.
I have a couple of open lines in Dave County.
If you're here to join us this morning, our topic today,
which is Worst Gilbert or what do they call him?
And could I say a fight?
Uh, in adequate Dave, what about him?
Oh, God.
But I'm not going to interfere, okay?
Because it could be Worst.
It could be...
Don and Mike, wow, blow.
Could be them.
And...
This darken eyelids covered so much.
Yeah!
Yeah!
If you've tried the breath-pressioning tablets
to give you mythical breath all day long.
Get out of my way, you old hag!
Oh, what an ice breath you have, Gary!
Now, from the same genius company,
comes the next logical step in personal hygiene.
It's the sweet gas aroma sweetener.
You guessed it.
It's the world's first repository designed to crawl your smell.
Someone was thinking, if we could...
Oh, damn it!
Why did you...
Hey, hey, that smells pretty good.
Do it again!
Hey, well, come here.
This is great.
Come here.
Take a whip of Dale's ass.
This sweet gas aroma sweetener.
It's a repository for him.
And look for the new bidet system coming soon.
I'll tell you one thing.
I'd rather sniff that guy's...
A...
A...
A...
A...
A...
A...
A...
A...
A...
A...
A...
A...
A...
A...
A...
A...
A...
A...
A...
A...
You know, they're...
They're...
They're shooting the guns off up in the out of each other.
Here's a mobile in Weston, hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'd like to send an open letter as a hockey fan for 30 years in a season ticket holder to the Panthers,
to Heisinger and to Vancouver.
Please take any form of credit.
You know, let's go ahead and do it.
Send a letter.
We have an open line in the Broward and Two In Day 5600560.000560 on the mobile one line.
Did the panties play a game last night?
No.
Anything going on with them other than their like ten points behind Caroline and eight points behind Ottawa?
No.
Okay.
Just thought I'd check.
When something happens, let us know.
Okay, sir.
In the meantime, goal leave score.
All right.
Unbelievable.
Okay, we got 600 open lines.
That even 1130 and we're already like up against it.
They're out of material.
560, 705, 60, pound 560 on a mobile one line.
No wonder Rick and putter like sending guys out and going to Mr. Macon calls out.
Here's a lady mobile in North Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hey, first time caller, Neil.
Great.
The other day I was listening to you talk about the bad service at Windixie in public and
I couldn't wait to call, but I get through.
Anyway, I have a story about a bad service at Burdines.
My husband went last week to pick up a piece of furniture because they were going to charge
us like 50 bucks to pick up a little end table.
He gets there at 830, so place opens up at 9 o'clock.
As soon as they open up, he gives a little receipt to the lady.
She gives it to the guy who's supposed to get it.
He's waiting 930 rolls around 945.
Where'd the guy go?
He went on break at 9 o'clock in the morning.
Yeah.
You don't think that's wrong?
Meaning what?
Well, how do you know what time he started?
Maybe he started at 5 o'clock in the morning.
What do you mean?
Do I think it's wrong?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
They must have been doing each other.
Well, they have to take a lot of breaks.
They're under a lot of stress.
Don't you understand?
They need breaking it.
To take a furniture, that's a lot of stress?
Yeah.
I don't think so.
I think at 9 o'clock in the morning, if you show up, you should get what you want.
Yeah.
And?
That's my point.
It's a bad story.
Bad service in South Florida.
Well, welcome to America.
No, welcome to South Florida.
No, welcome to America.
It's other than Vegas, it's the same area, please.
Okay.
Anyway, the way you say it's wrong is wrong.
It's wrong.
It's wrong.
It's wrong.
It's wrong.
It's wrong.
It's wrong.
It's wrong.
It's wrong.
It's wrong.
It's wrong.
It's wrong.
It's wrong.
It's wrong.
It's wrong.
It's wrong.
Right.
Anyway, glaze custard diorhea is fl Cities.
Oh.
Jesus.
That's somebody's idea of how great they'll search way to cap off a great meal.
Hi chest.
Maybe.
And maybe it has something to do with it.
The idea of it's being so gelatinous, like that, is a helpful way to speed the digestion
and kind of like push it through the system.
You know what I'm talking about?
I heard we're nice.
Life's ⚼2.
I heard we're nice today's lumber.
Yes.
I've always heard about fl Cities.
make a shit we have to open lines and date five six seven oh five sixty and
five five sixty on the mobile one line so what we got we got flan we got
palamino horse meat and then we got I forget what the other one was all
arroz con pollo which is uh... more uh... chicken that they took in the
front yard while we're doing their food and then full of the stuff that you
would have no idea about because you're a big deal hello
hey deal yes sir i heard you mentioned yesterday in passing and i couldn't get
back to you about uh... some radio station that gloves ninety four
summer casting in palm beach yeah
yet to file it you know the background of that case somebody has told you
that you can be an oldie station yeah and then a movie oldie station to one
oh five point five
and for two weeks and i'm not going to use two solid week they played a promo
that lasted maybe thirty seconds with the background
of hammers and nails they were building you a new radio station that you
were going to just love
and uh... then you were going to just love ninety four exactly but but
they're building the station other words are constructing it from the ground up
and then when they finally put on gloves ninety four
as a way to buy you know i call them it's a how do you how you can struck the
i know you're not building it from the ground up but you're maybe making a new
studio or some how you putting this
formal this idiotic problem for two solid week and then just
simul cast another radio station yeah and they said
and they said well well i've let you speak to this guy in this guy in this guy
and it was
it's
nothing they said nothing
you're missing the point they don't care don't you understand they don't care
they're not interested whether you like it or not because it's uh... cheap
that's the american
that's the clear that's the clear channel where they just open up a pot they
throw something on the air and they do it on five thousand stations at the
same time and their stock keeps going up and up because they keep breaking in
the bucks even without any ratings because they own every guy at the
station every major market so what differences make they don't care whether
you like it or not but what why did i have to go for two weeks with a with a
hammer because there's a big why does anybody like you want why when you see
the information on tv they have some old part tell you you're gonna look to be
two hundred if you get to god damn juicy machines you believe him you believe
any of this crap no because that they're sucking you in that's why
i don't know if they're right out
they got me out well
don't get sucked out again and have a great day
we have an open line in the brower to and date five six seven oh five six
you should open the famous aniston stiffer little bit no come on should I
just crack yeah i'm gonna open it up what i'm gonna show you what real
will powers all about okay
effect and i can see your willpower meaning what does that mean i'm not wearing it
over the front of your belt
now i got flan cookies i just yeah i just oh look at that
and see these don't even are these like stale or something they've been sitting
out there for a long time those are fresh what they've been for a while
you haven't bought them in years all that
say this you're first of all let me just tell you something okay
why why why even picked these up if i have i've had more famous anus than you
can ever shake your uh... flanad okay mister
in many hotels in most hotels in this country by the way
in in places where they have like a little mini bar that stock would like uh...
beverages a couple of beers couple of sodas and then they have candy and stuff
all of them have famous anus just this exactly same package identical that i
have in my hand right now
those are pretty great so just because you stay in such a shot standing
places in north carolina and the g-wantana where the hell it is and you don't
go to a hotel because you were shlipper and you can't afford to stay in a place
where they have a mini bar and they have famous anus don't assume that i
haven't had no famous anus they have to do the risk of the Chicago
i've seen lots of a miss okay my time
and i'll leave it to you
but in any way
all it does smell good
doesn't it now my convicted myself what are the crunchy they were
try no they're not there great but not don't try to tell me that these aren't
good i'm not eating them it is you see it is open your witness to this
open
and i actually have my nose not
uh... post of them i have my nose on them
i have my nose actually touching the cookies
oh i don't know if i said they look pretty good but that's not
yeah just the stout about them to try and now with that to encourage me from
eating them
i mean why the hell shits my own snot why should i bother me huh
uh... i'm just i'm going to let you see that was a bad move opening those
up that was a very very unwise move on my part
but i'm not touching them
okay let's move right along with a lot of help from the audience on this right
here's a mobile in uh... for waterdale hello
hi nale i'm sorry
send you
listen those slot machine uh...
comment that the man had before
over by the last call
yes it's such a thing
i was there Sunday afternoon
they have about fifty slot machines the old version ones
they use tokens
you purchase focus open yeah
and whatever you win you can purchase jewelry
that they have a counter
also it's just a scan is what you're talking about it and then they said if you
want to redeem it for cash
you can go to one of the new cruises that they're gonna have
yeah there you go
to know about those cruise scan deals right
right and that's basically what they are real
slot machines
they're going to be in place and they have a video poker and everything else
yeah
uh...
so it is real
uh... you say israel
yeah i'm going to see them there myself it's going to be called the
they can you know have a great day pal thanks for the good news okay see
it the right
we have day county lines wide open again all three of them and five six seven
oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the mobile one line
they're up to because i ripped the sports and that's what and i don't really
care i don't know how to apologize for that no way
uh... you think the dolphin to be dressed i'm telling you man do around
those people up we got little show taking care we got him put away now
let's round those people up because they're dangerous those people are
dangerous not only the hospital themselves
here's a pepper pine hello
i don't know okay sir
talking about against these people uh... these idiot how people would like
stores and stuff like that
that would have let you talk about before
how people would store
no i hope not so is in stores
yes so is the story she said she was so about it that was okay but you know
no you don't love this one okay my mother goes before christmas to buy
bathrooms for her mother and her daughter yeah
that she goes and she buys them and they
high school price for everything goes to take them back yesterday to
upton okay
they're on sale for fifty percent off but when she bought them she bought them
by one get one free
so pretty much the famous fifty percent yes i'm like it to me right she goes
to return yesterday she got in the lady says no you need to bring back both of
them
for me to give you back your money
and she said well isn't a fifty percent of isn't the same thing
no it's not the same thing so you know she did
she bought another one she's returned both of them she's gonna make money on
she bought another one you got a buy another one
and she's gonna get the other one what she's gonna do she can wait for the
paper yeah take the receipt to make money on up because there's a bunch of
idiots great excellent you know i take a shove it up their butts you know stuff
like that but uh...
they can shove it up their butt and stuff like that right exactly so uh...
anyway um... you know i'm a simple fan you know
can't say but you know
well-bought you know life goes on okay you know there's plenty more right next
where he came from the year back
we have an open line and brow at all three in date is we're coming to a
precious so hot here man we're gonna have to start sending Gilbert out
let's take a poll on it
come on what do you think
yeah
right yeah right now
so it was wrong
well because they've been back at a little
would win the stuff
uh... you know we're gonna set Gilbert on five people first to talk to
because these colors are revolting him and run strike
dayd county all the three lines were back on his dayd jacket and i think they're
pissed off and it because i knocked plan
now they're all of a sudden no less here that they get very uptight about that
they just don't know that they're cuisine sucks okay
i mean it could be very nice people and then they're not responsible for
early on a gross lady but nevertheless
and they don't all of your boys do they they all have to smote but i mean uh...
you know don't take it out on me because you got crappy taste
five six seven oh five sixty and five sixty on a mobile one line how's that
palamino state to him by the way i think he was in the fourth race in
pumping all last night
by the way fat riches in the hospital is these all busted up what i got too
many people in the hospital these days
no cancel the hospital fat riches in the hospital
the way i felt yesterday i thought my doctor was going to put me in the hospital
he looked at me and said hey you're fine i said you know what you're right
not a hundred percent i got a little uh...
flush
Roger's got it
when i shop again she has a cashier line
i'm up to hundreds of dollars back all the time
time
i
has
you
say
thank you
This is a desire
He's parting in line
He's parting in line
Riding out a check as he's parting away
But they won't accept checks from the bank of Bombay
So she hours her change first work and he's her group of enzymes
Hey!
He's parting in line
He's parting in line
He's parting in line
He's parting in line
Riding out a check line
Riding out a check line
I want to keep this in his mind
People can't keep such a good line
With their little line
He's parting in line
Okay, here's a little pointer for all you young people out there.
Don't have to much experience with this.
You're standing online like at the express checkout at public and all of a sudden you
like, control yourself, okay, cut a little cheese.
Silent, of course, so that nobody can really detect for sure.
But it's crowded, there's a big line, okay?
Or you're in a crowded elevator and you, of course, do a little bit of a problem, but silent
they can't really be sure.
And the way you react immediately is you start looking around with a sour look on your
face like, who the hell did that?
Because I've done that.
Oh yeah, I've done that in public.
It's like, real bad.
I mean nasty.
I mean the worst.
And the air is just seeping it.
The airy, airy, poor of your body is just loaded with the aroma.
And the other people are just ready.
They're gagging and ready to pass that.
And you start looking around like, the only time it doesn't work is when there's only two
of you.
Like I'm lying or in the elevator because I hate to break the news to you.
The other person knows they didn't do it.
Okay, I know that comes in the great shock.
But when you start looking at them like, now, it's their anchor to work pal, I didn't
do it.
Here's a lady in Port Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, this is Mary D.
From Port Lauderdale.
Long time listener, one time caller, but I have to get you on the flying meal.
On the flame?
Yeah, because the, the flying is very good.
What is it?
Flang.
Flang.
Flang.
tile and its excellent.
Thank you.
If it's cooked with, with the rite it's laying on a plane.
And then I started zooming it online.
It's excellent, if it's done properly, it's not slimy.
It's delicious caramel.
It's not supposed to be slimy, but it's very nature.
The definition is it's like.
Oh, but it's not though.
Neelan, you have the proper one and it's done right.
It is excellent.
I am married to a Cuban that is easy and I'm telling you, it's excellent.
He's won. He's AC DC. Oh, he's he's a mixture of everything, but he's wonderful. Yeah, I just wanted to let you know that so I
Remember, he makes a good flame. Yes, he does. Okay. Well listen, tell him or teach you how to pronounce it. You'll really enjoy it. Okay, have a great day.
Bye-bye. She likes her flame. The flame in Spain. Well, I can't believe it. The people that show up here.
Remember, yes, I remember him from back before he was married with a child. It's not amazing.
I'll be strange people just kind of wander in here. We have an open line and date one in power five six seven oh five sixty and
Palm five sixty on the mobile one line. Here and then we see Rick and Suds yet this morning by the way. Stop by and shake our hand and say thanks for all the free publicity and plug it in our show even though we're desperate and we're
Line on the debateable Dave and Gilbert. Did we see them yet? No, nice going guys. Well, they're not anywhere. And you're here. I thought they were just down the street.
They must still be up there in Hollywood. Well, maybe they're going to stop at Georgia's house and have lunch with Crystal.
Here's North Miami. Hello. Yeah, I or maybe they'll just go to Tampa and have lunch at Crystal. Yes, sir. Oh, good morning. How are you? Great and happy to be here and the same view.
Oh, listen, my wife and I are looking to adopt the dog. Yeah, and what would you recommend a shelter or a breeder?
A shelter or a breeder? A breeder? Yeah, I would say a shelter. Oh, well, I don't want to go to a breeder for unless you want to pay a lot of money. Yeah, go to a shelter. Oh, I see.
But I mean, can you make them in any any of these? What can I recommend what? Well, I mean, can you recommend any leading shelters? Any leading animal shelter? Yeah, that's right. Yeah, I would go to the lead. It's called the leading animal shelter. Get out of here. Okay.
And don't do it. There isn't a dog in the world that deserves you. Okay. Don't do it. Get yourself a nice putty cat. Okay. Get yourself a snake, a serpent or a little kitty cat. A cobra would be good. Get out of here. Can you believe that? I mean, oh, and by the way, I hate to. I don't want to get sour, but I was listening to a thing on the radio the other night. I have no idea what state it was even. I was punching around frantically looking for something other than a gambling show. And we're talking about again, this gray hunting. I realized that we do have, you know, you're always reluctant to get into this.
Because the dog track people, which basically flagged on Hollywood gray hunt, is there anybody else left? I mean, this gains out of business. We don't have to worry about Ken Maldon losing the job because he already did. Ken Maldon's another great guy, by the way,
how to have Ken Maldon in this radio station, even though he is 150 years old is a great guy. But at any rate, they were talking about all the dogs that about the breeding that goes on in the dog rate.
And I've been talking about this for 20 years. I've had pros and cons and back wanting to do those boring topics. We used to have shows on this and the animal lovers.
See, because I happen to be a dog lover, as you know, and the idea that they're breeding these dogs like Zillian's at a time. And then they're gassing them if they're not fast enough to run,
and they get to a, this is a scandalous thing. And of course, the dog track people that I like, oh, yeah, well, we try to find them all at good home.
Well, do you find them at good home? You're gas, like thousands of them every year. This is unbelievable. This is unconscionable.
What goes on there? I just mentioned that in passing. It's almost as unconscionable as this guy getting a dog. Don't do it, sir. Like I said, even the rottenist rotten wiler don't deserve an owner like you. You're a bozo. What?
Oh, I thought you were going to tell me something about the dogs.
We have a lot of what you don't know nothing about dogs. Open line of date. What?
That dog's everywhere I've lived, everywhere in my life.
Yeah. And you have a plan too, but that doesn't mean anything about it.
Huh?
It's hard to get right. I'll admit that. I mean, somebody could have hemorrhoids all their life, too. That doesn't mean they know anything about hemorrhoids.
Having something, you know, it's not like foreskin. You might have foreskin all your life. That doesn't mean there's something about it.
I know all about it. No, please. In fact, I see a direct relationship between flon and foreskin.
Maybe that's what they do. Maybe they, maybe they slap the, they slap the smagma on the flon. Maybe that's what it is.
That's on a Greek salad. Here's Kendall. Hello.
Yeah, that's a big word. Yeah. I can't that plan is incredible. What's a fried ice cream? You ever heard of it?
I've heard of it. I've never had that. That's another good one.
Well, yeah, no, but somebody said it was like somebody really sick in the, I don't know. I've heard of that very often fried ice cream.
I had it in California at a Mexican restaurant. Have you ever been fried and had ice cream?
Oh, yeah. I have. I wanted to talk to you about the famous, I met him when I was in California.
You met famous anus? Oh, yeah. I worked at a kiss at the end of Los Angeles. And he, you know, he sold that company about 10 years ago to another company.
And you heard the story about that. No. Well, first of all, his cookie. No.
I just bought some. I just got back from the supermarket. Well, you have some famous anus now. Yeah.
Now is it one of these little bags or is it like the big bag? No, it's a big bag because the little bags were, you know, more expensive.
And they had it on sale. That's a good excuse. Yeah. So I, it was really an ask a, you know, some Hawaii.
And he sold the interest in this company about 10 years ago. He made like large moist cookies. He had a restaurant on, or a cookie place on the front head boulevard.
Yeah. And like, now this wasn't the same anus from anus and Andy wasn't it? No, no, no. Well, Wally, English.
Yeah. And so anyway, those were white guys anyway. Yeah. Yeah. But so the new ones, they're good. They are good.
You know, but they're, they're, they're hard and they're small. You know, well, I got something like that.
Yeah. I want it. I want it. That's terrible. It is terrible. You're right. Okay. Now it works. All right. Okay. Hey, I'm, I'm getting my car registered here in Florida. And it's really insane. The way they do it here. And I just want to get your opinion on it. Yeah. Okay.
You can't get a driver's license. By the way, do you think that guy that called him in the course of getting a dog? Absolutely not.
No. And by the way, I met Phil Henry when I worked at a radio network in Los Angeles. Are you sure? Yeah. Oh, yeah. What a guy. Yeah, it's great. Crazy man. Yeah.
It could be called him. So I'm like, ten eight Stevens or something like that. He didn't use this really. When you get your car registered down here, you can't get a driver's license until you get your car smog or inspected.
You can't tell I stick that thing in your back. Go right exactly. And then you have to call blackmail. I want the ten bucks. They couldn't care less if you're emitting every kind of pollutant that they've been invented. Some that nobody ever heard of is laws. You give them the ten bucks. Here you go. Have a nice day.
You're absolutely right. You can call it men. Okay. In California, what it is is I'll charge you. You go to a gas station. You don't go to a state inspection. You go to one of a million gas stations that are licensed to do smog work. And what they do is they say I can get your car to pass for 50, 60 dollars.
Right. Because the first time it always comes up that you failed. You know. So anyway, you have to go to the registration thing and then you have to go to the tag agency. This is what I need to ask you.
If you've been in Florida for many years and I'm basically newer down here. You can't get your car registered until you get your bank from other states to mail the pink slip to these tag agencies.
And if it's a lease. No, no. If just a registered. If you have a registration, you have to have proof of it. So they have to send a document to whatever bank is holding your pink slip.
Whatever, I don't understand. Don't you have a registration from another state? Yes, I do. So why isn't that sufficient? It's a Florida law that they have to have the actual possession of the pink slip and that has to be mail to the tag agency.
I didn't know that. Yeah, it's ridiculous. So anyway, the tag agency, the local tag agency that really doesn't speak too much English here, sent them a letter.
Yeah, and it was like they're often they could hardly read it. So what's the point? I'm like 85 minutes past the break here. What do you want?
No, just the thing is that my bank is refusing to send it to Florida because they've never heard of that. And I was just wondering if you knew why they have to have the physical pink slip so that you could register your car and become legal on the boat here.
No, no, no. I have no idea. I know. Well, somebody will tell you. All right. Okay, good luck pal. Thank you. You don't need it.
Okay, okay, 20 before noon at 5.60 WQM. Where did you find Hank Goldberg? Why where you got it? Sports radio 5.60 Q.A.M.
Dumb jack. I know someone like to do about sandwich or truth.
Hit moss that skinny chick. The skin is chicken. I know you're just bleak that heroin. He got to lay off the blow. Hit moss that skinny chick. We want to know what the deal.
The closer draft when you're in rehab, you're worse than alley Mcbeale. See there. Go up. Victor is a little alley this for you. It's 16.000 at 5.60 WQM. Anybody?
What is that? Oh, I see a put it on once. He got me all rattled in here. We have two open lines in date 5.60 7.05 60 and pound 5.60 on a mobile one line.
Who do we want to thank? We want to thank our good close personal friends and Tony's name. The Bruno Brad Brad. Well, PR is close. Hey, listen, that's a step up in a right direction. I got the first letter and a second letter right.
Nice call on you. You go. You get the old in the scene. I like me. Old in the Fibral from eating too much flan. But anyway, thank you so much for rowing.
I see I shouldn't say this on here because then she's going, ah, you're already eating. A little minister. Okay. I got a little touch of the flu. It's almost completely gone. A little soup. I can never hurt. Okay. In addition to which by eating the minister. I'm still eating my famous anus over here.
And you're a witness by the way. Uncuts on eating. I'm touched by human hand. Touch by human nose. Yeah. But not by human hand. You know, and the more you know something I never thought about that. The more you smell it, the less you want to eat it.
The put the first one in your mouth. And then of course the sugar and you become just ravenous. Then you start like you want to go to one break into all the boxes of the cartons out there and have 20 bags. But if you sniff it and the cookies too, it's not that good. Doesn't smell that good.
Here's a four-letter. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. One time I was a Bellman on a golf ocean. Um, Ramada in. Yeah.
Yeah. Three floors and an elevator. And when you're on the other, you can see when someone's calling for another floor. And I still let one rip in there. And I have it on hold. I'm locked. Yeah.
And then I let it fill up the elevator. I love it. Excellent. Beautiful. Then I step off and let it go to the floor. Right. And then go back down the lobby and watch the people walk out.
Great. That's a new hobby, baby. Yeah. Excellent. I love it. Love you. Thanks. There you go. That's one of those guys you always wondered who it was. It was him. Yeah. The dog done it. No, it was him.
We have an open line in day two and Broward 5 6705 60 pound 560 on the mobile one line. You put the famous ainess over there in a corner. Okay. So we actually had a guy who met famous ainess call today, which I'm pretty excited about that. Anybody out there meet the Colonel? No.
Look at all these points today. You know something. It's a new year yesterday for a Monday up till about one o'clock. We were kicking some pretty good ass here and new people are dead again.
I'm finally getting my health back. I'm over a little touch of the flu here. I'm feeling like almost human. I got my blood sugar nice and low there, which I know you're keeping track of, which is more important than the goddamn stock market because you can have all the stocks in the world.
And once they stick your ass in the ground, don't do any good. And these people are just the same tired. This is such a depressing place.
That's what Victor just said they got there a lot of here went up to North Carolina. Why don't you help everybody go into North Carolina? What is up there? Is there something there that I'm missing out? Maybe they have a lot of flan up there.
He's right. It's what's not there as in as in your people. Any people know your people. That's what he told me. Of course you couldn't hear it through the window. That's what he was counting on. He didn't realize how thin the windows were.
We have an open line and day one and powered five six seven oh five 60 and pipe that all those Julios down here, man. It's just you.
Oh, yeah, they would stop eating all that flan and choking chickens on the front lawn. Maybe we make a little progress down here. Huh? That's what causes you. No, seriously, that's what this guy says is this Dr. Rodeil.
He said that's why Xavier Suarez is acting bad. You know, he used to be we're not a great guy, but he used to be almost rational once upon a time.
And then about two years ago, all of a sudden, like that, a crazy man. Xavier Suarez just out of his mind and rigging elections and doing all kinds of other crazy things.
It's just acting like a man. Glad that end is too much flan with that goddamn Azucada, baby, too much sugar. That's what it says right in here.
It says, if you don't believe me in about that crazy bitch that ate the hot food Sunday on death rose or last meal, just look at Javier Suarez.
And I rest my cases, what he said just before he croaked on a dick, a cabbage.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, hi. This is me. I called yesterday. I went to you. I think I told you from Brazil. You did one.
I'm going to do a call yesterday and I told you. You call yesterday. You were born yesterday and you're still born. They can understand a goddamn thing. You're saying we have an open line. Indeed. One in Broward 5 6705 60.
On a mobile one on send that guy back to Brazil trace that call. We got enough of an animal people. You're already okay.
Can we get like a few Americans in this town? No. Jesus Christ. It's like there's a funnel. You know, they have the channel over there between London and France.
Here we got a not a channel. We got a funnel. There's a huge funnel coming from somewhere. I think it's to the south and it just never stops. They just keep pouring in here and pouring in.
I understand. It's great in Brazil. Okay. Go back there and dress up and drag you'll fit in like a rubber glove. Okay. It'll feel just like a finger.
Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Hello, buddy. Great. I got to switch watching news station. Channel 7. The biggest joke of a news station. You agree?
You just discovered that or is that a bulletin? Well, I just moved here about two months ago. Yeah, I'm sure they're taking you about five minutes. Rick, that guy Rick Sanchez. The biggest ass I've ever seen.
Yeah. I mean, is it the way that you're news down here? Yes, it is. It's disgusting. No, where are you from? Chicago. Okay. We'll have a safe trip back in the don't get lost in those four feet of snow.
We have an open line and day one and brow. It's five six seven oh five fifty pound five sixty on the mobile one line. See when you come down here from out of town and you want to have a conversation about stuff that we've already talked about.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Like
we're doing 10 years later there's eight people walking under a
lot of our feet. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Ging
that's what i've been calling it all day is plan and rick sanchez is an
embarrassment to self-blown yeah
that's all i can thank you okay now this guy was already on hold okay he had
no material he calls to tell me out of pronounce something i already know how
to pronounce even though that bitch was saying flamet and flamb and flambé and
uh... whatever she was talking about Jose and flambé
why don't you just go out flambé Jose sounds good to me
we have two open lines indeed five six seven oh five sixty
five sixty on a mobile one line
here's my any hello
yes sir i'm going twenty four years ago to see
uh... for who's in my office came back from the carolina over the winter
yeah and i don't have to say about that but uh... about the fun sweeping up the
east coast maybe the baby this this funnel thing that we've got their
funneling all the way up the east coast and then they're going to meet like
somewhere between new jersey and north carolina because they're already
like like indicted in new jersey and the whole east coast of the country and of
course we got the mexicans already in texas and all the mexicans in california
pretty soon this is just going to be mexico true
uh... look about the flying forget about flying every a god damn taco bell on
every street corner which i say all right well you want to know about uh...
forget about flying try three liches
three liches jimilks i've tried that i've got pound cake that's soaked in like
three different types of milk yeah fattening yourself but hey that's what you want
trace liches three liches okay three milk okay see you
okay that's what i'll see the board and count over all we're in two
we have an open line and date one and brown at five six seven oh five sixty and
pound five sixty on the mobile one line we're talking Cuban cuisine here today
anybody interested in anybody know about any good Cuban cuisine no
and then i told you about the columbia restaurant in serifoto you said oh
that's not true but that's spanish food all that sangria
in the district which way you drink it up sangria you can't taste the food
anyways but what they're in the service the molarity it wasn't good it was the
food there was never good
everything everything was loaded with beans
how about it when i was in the drip was the food good there no way that's not
Cuban food you've never had it in food man
spicks are spicks when are you gonna get with it okay and stop with it after
error interforal things yeah i love it awful it's okay
all that's right for a lot of them yeah and couscous i bet you wait in there
a couple of couscous in your time we have an open line and browned cous
in fact if you put a little couscous if you spoon them over your flan
hmm and then you like not all over it it's delicious
seriously i mean flan has got not on it i don't care what you want to say we're
gonna have a four hour discussion about that here's this christ it's like the
vanilla ice cream thing you i sit here at things that are so basically a
panty obviously you could the rate Charles could see it
and these people don't know you're wrong it's i love the no ice cream i
know flan is delicious it's just you don't know it's an acquired taste
yeah so i get this spit here's a mobile in the deer field hello
hey deal yes sir did you happen to catch the romance channel lately
no no we'll fill Henry on there no
so i mean we don't know what he was on the romance channel doing what
they they portrayed me and his new bride to be they had they had a spot on
how lovely their wedding was i thought fell over dot are you sure huh
absolutely positive grade all i want to say have a great day thanks for the good news
okay fills in LA by the way i just thought i would mention it not here we have an
open line a date to abroward five six seven oh five sixty
pond five sixty on a mobile one line recon suds are here mornings on a
stupid talk nine forty i just thought i'd mention it again
any interest no not until they stop by and they have the decency to thank us in
person for all the tremendous promotion level given for them oh i'm serious
about that nobody will know that they stop by see suds would do a barricade such a
pussy you know he's just such a coward i mean just because they fired him and he
had a big for a job is that is that a reason to well not stop by and just say hi
okay eleven fifty five at five sixty w q a m if you're feeling lucky this
soup by the way is great from my Tony's which is located at one ninety thirty four
forty one there you go well it's the least they deserve a little bit of a
plug there for crying out loud right Brad Brad is that right thank you
delicious stuff now what did you get from them not sure you got some little more
than minestrone soup fried cheese and a Greek salad yeah did you get any
lobster termador where do you find your rose just a
farce and steep old speed the first team right where you got it sports radio five
sixty q a m
black and white fifty w q a f Miami Fort Lauderdale
i got news for we don't have time to be bothered with a lot of this on the
year stuff we're having a conversation off the year that's much more
important god damn water spots not good it's great
a little bit distracted okay it puts the lotion in the basket it makes it all up it
puts a lotion in the basket it puts them both together it puts the lotion in the
basket when the eyeball falls out it puts the lotion in the basket then it has to
hold it out it puts the lotion in the basket it's what I have to get it puts the
lotion in the basket it's a rubber done by the brand puts the lotion in the
basket by after dry paid my skin so it puts the lotion in the basket
I said doctor as which might be in my legs I said okay I like to dance around this
way it's all the love square today I said mommy I want to look for like a wall for
my name is Buffalo Bill it puts the lotion in the basket it makes it more by
skin it puts the lotion in the basket I hold my pp it it puts the lotion in the basket
how much does it grow it puts the lotion in the basket I got my skin so
beautiful necklace
now I'm gonna go for the soap and see if what after the tobacco people which by the way is
one of the reasons why I can't start is after Bubba because he's the one of the big
hot shot attorneys for the tobacco people besides being a fashion-throwing Nazi but
besides that how come there's so busy going after the tobacco people but the sugar people
can do no harm baby and I guarantee I said this to my doctor yesterday and he said you are
absolutely correct that more people that he sees and more people of every doctor in this
country sees with heart disease and with stroke and with diabetes and every other guy they
melody are clogging oil clogging of the arteries are dying from too much consumption of sugar
of refined carbohydrates then we'll ever die from smoking all the tobacco products in the world
put together and he said that's what he said that was my doctor who knows his crap okay but the
government doesn't care about that do they care about that no they don't much of phony bactards
okay about your hypocrites is what they are probably sitting up there smoking up a storm like the
doctor domdelewis is on the treadmill and fatso and the doctor sitting there popping on it see
that's the thing with the right wingers like Ken star they have decided just arbitrarily they
decided that the public are after the wrong faggot okay forget about those cigarettes those
cancer sticks those are okay it's those homo sexual those are the faggot that we have to like weed
out so to speak as in winning doubt weed amount here you go two open lines in day one and
brownered five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's a mobile
in Margate hello mobile in Margate hey Neil yes sir first time caller two decade listener all right
you ask if anybody had talked to the Colonel I tried to put a deal together with Arnold Sanders
back in 1965 yeah this setup serves for Kentucky pride chicken and we came down to the papers
and the last minute he changed his mind and we never put the deal together
but he was a hell of a gentleman he really was hey I saw his they had a life story biography on
a and a couple of weeks ago pretty interesting and thanks for calling I guess that was the end
of his story I which wasn't pretty interesting okay we have two open lines in brownered five six
seven oh five fifty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's homestead hello
hey Neil happy to hear and back to you I got a little information for the guy that was trying
to register his vehicle yes what they think you do and they won't watch have two titles for your
vehicle and you have to have your vehicle titled in Florida in order to register it in Florida
so what they want is his pink slip or title from California and they're going to destroy it and
make up a Florida title charge him a title fee right and then put the bank down as a leanholder
and send the new title back to his bank so just a scam to extract a few more bucks sure yeah you know
and then you know once he pays it off they'll release to lean and he'll get his Florida title for his
vehicle I got a shameless request yes sir sporting a Woody and Memphis okay thank you and have a
great day and thanks for being full there you go sir it's another scam it's another rep up like
the ten dollars for sticking the pipe in your rectum just another Florida scam okay two lines left
on the board boy it's gonna be a long day to day I thought yesterday went by like grease
lightning and I thought today was gonna we're gonna grease it up again too but after that flantuck
I guess they all ran out to get their get their get their custard and then do a little
two open lines in date county five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
here's pompano hello yeah Neil yes sir I don't but okay listen my kids are down from Pennsylvania for
the Christmas they they listen to you I love you they love you they're doing your sayings up there
in PA I got to find out where I can get a hold of your tape so I can send them up north they absolutely
love you well you know call center one people they got left they have your lotion and a motion
saying going up there and they oh and and I like I said they they actually even one month and a
guy left okay all right you have a great show but okay thanks there you go we got him do it all
kinds of weird stuff up in the Pennsylvania which is the way we like it we have an open line in
day two and Howard find five in west pond six hundred and four Myers let's start the new year off
here in Pretendabuy got some enthusiasm to talk about the six years having a hundred thing that
Neil was talked about here today huh I'm just gonna stay here and read this goddamn stuff from
what's this dead guy that died on the Cabot Show JJ Roedale
that's right in the in the letter the doctor wrote to the editor of the British medical
journal June 22nd 1963 he asked if it would be advisable to check all admissions to mental hospitals
for lower sugar the reply is it is important constantly to keep in mind the possibility of a
psychiatric state being due to an organic condition such as hypoglycemia meaning low blood sugar okay
which explains what are so many crazy people out there because eating too much sugar causes your
blood sugar to go way up first and then drop way down which is why they tell you that bull crap
about getting quick energy go and eat a candy bar with causes and immediate surge in your blood
sugar and then just a couple of hours later you feel like crap you want to light on in a corner
hybrid ate like a beer just like after you eat a big big meal loaded with carbohydrates
and by the way the good news is the famous ainus is still sitting over here by touch it no
am I gonna touch it no way because and in fact that's the cure for you and they've just come
out something maybe if you're old factory nerves are doing pretty good yeah if you hang around
in the old factory and uh well that doesn't smell too good but when you rip it open and then you start
eating it you get the taste of those chocolate chips in the sugar in your mouth right away the
fact that it isn't all that great does see that's one thing George was right about those famous
ainus aren't really all that great here's a lady in Naples hello hi Neil yes man happy new year to you
to you and the same to you um I I want calling about this custard the Italian custard that you're
trying to think of yes I think it's Zabioani Zabioani yeah I think that's what it is no matter
factors to think about Zabioani and here in this article you must be psychic I know I'm serious
uh because I read this last night a guy gave this to me at the track and it is most amusing but
there are a couple of things here I'll find it oh no it's not in here it's in one of the books that
I'm reading about Zabioani oh yeah that's probably it it's egg custard and it's got a dry
more phthalo wine right yeah that's it it's not loaded we should have though there's only two
tables no no no no no no no no wait a minute wait a minute a reader of prevention magazine writes
fearllo la guardia the one-time mayor of New York City used to eat Zabioani for dessert almost
every day this is cherry wine sugar and egg yellow some of his closest long time aides broke with
him in his last term as mayor because he became so dictatorial in Zabioani sugar is the major
ingredient so this goofball is JJ rodeo has decided that near uh to your rello became
a la guardia rather became a lunatic because he was eating too much Zabioani loaded with sugar how do
you like that I don't know about that okay loaded with zucato well I just wanted to call in let you
know okay and um happy new year to you back to you sweetheart bye bye there you go it's about
you only anybody had any of that lately no and it is uh the bottom they do put that slime on
there it's not we have an open line and brow art all three and date five six seven oh five
fifty keep plugging ours numbers I heard manager yesterday even like they got all that to the
sports stuff going on the bowl game and the dolphins coming up all this other bull crap going on
pump those numbers pump those numbers pump them pump pump pump pump and then 90% of the calls
was basically the same one call anyway hey Jim how do you think it all but you're gonna do against
the Denver row yeah how do you think Denver's gonna do it yeah how about that thin air out there
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t wireless line just work your stuff up
into a frenzy meal is it gonna do any good no now they don't care once a dead head here's hollywood
hello hi Neil yes sir how you doing okay for that guy that wants to get his car registered here
yeah I've had my car down here for four years um don't have him bring the title down
get a letter from the leanhover saying that they won't release the title unless the car is paid off
well uh no kidding you know so and then what then what happens after that you get the letter
and you know you get the letter you bring it to the dean uh the foreign motor vehicle yeah and with
the old registration you switch it over you transfer the registration I've been doing it for four
years you don't need the title from them okay I'm gonna keep the hand tired okay we're tracing the
call okay thanks a lot okay we have an open line in the deadbroward all of day five six seven
we're down to like one or two calls under one call that's it okay well we made it a little
afternoon today that's usually when we hit the Berlin Wall if we got to somebody tore it down
already that's usually when we write it right into what very very sad place it really is just like
victor in his wife and his little baby what was the baby's name um I forget you forget
I forgot you forgot the name of the little uh the little girl urchin yes well anyway they
were in here and they love it North Carolina and we're talking about how they came back here for
the holidays and how much they hate to hear like poison they wouldn't stay here for all the money
in the world I don't understand what that's all about five six seven last call for calls for some
kind of response here on what's turning into a deadly Tuesday again can this possibly be happening
to me oh Jesus Christ five six seven oh five sixty and five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
for street alright just check out the best of hustler and I'm starting to feel the heat
suddenly I see people checking out my buttons I see
yeah I got a first class riser it's unkitched to set my gene now I'm farting the word
you
I find it impossible to conceal I'm farting the word
I feel like an axel out of wheel
there's no ghost on this
he was born one two
following him up to the gate is the basement just to see what he would do
goes to face speed as he headed far as green there's a pretty little ghost
he's waiting for his post down in the jungle room we're starting what is the land best
it's really impossible to conceal farting good is his ass best
feel like a natural life will fart good is his best
it's almost impossible to feel farting good is his ass
he's not gonna not to the house
12 14 at 5 50 WQM so anyway we're gonna take a pull our question today is should Rick and
suds keep doing those stock things you know I was just saying to George off the air but I'll
say it on here nothing I want to interfere but as long as I'm gonna promote the show maybe we
can just improve it a little bit yeah without him but at any rate the stock market thing if suds
had some real you know some real pair a real pair he would say god damn it cut the crap of
the stock stuff already god damn it yeah because it's a terminal man if it's the kiss of death it's a
death now I mean is Rick really that dumb he thinks his audience like our audience is this
audience one here that like every five minutes of course not like we're talking all the wall street
crowd here they're all sitting out there they're sitting at their computers now and they're
trading online and they're all listening you know for stock tips oh yeah the Rick and suds show
in between Gilbert and deliver it Dave or whatever that asshole is
Jesus god almighty and come on suds god damn it get with it okay kick him in the ass I know you
have a little period or somewhere you got some babies I mean Rick's taking all the goddamn money out
of that show for grand I love and you're sitting there like a hundred links and you're really
the funny one on the goddamn show that everybody likes now kick him in the ass god damn it that's right
and stop with his stock market stuff where I'm gonna have to like go back to uh
speedy again we have an open line it's rowered two in date you people are so god damn slow today man
it's like I'm on I'm on speed and you're on doggy downers that's the problem air read day of my life
in this time going in one direction and these people are like in the bag five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line anybody we only touched 622 goddamn things here
today I'm gonna you know something I'm gonna start eating the cookies that see this is frustration
eating they don't even smell good you're just making an excuse no I'm not gonna get frustrated
from these goddamn bastards out there if we don't fill up all these lines in the next thirty seconds
I'm gonna start eating the cookies and if I get to first one I'll eat the whole bag it's like hold
it a gun to your head that's right this is like suicide now here's a diabetic sitting on the
here with an open bag of famous aimers okay famous aimers and look at that is there any response no
they don't care they don't give a crap if I did blow my brains out on the oh that Neil sure was
funny way to go out yeah who's gonna be on the moral they don't give a crap do they care
enough to send their very best their very worst nothing look at that five six seven we got 20
seconds here man five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty it's free we pay for it on the AT&T wireless
line are those lines filled yet no they are to see they don't care enough to send anything even to pick up a
guy ten seconds I got left here before my blood sugar goes skyrocketing from a beautiful 84
that it was when I got up this morning now finally you got the guy just with three seconds left oh man
puts a bag down and calm down like oh they didn't hang on okay what was that if you wanted to
save your life but it was a punky hoolie that's why I'm not on the minute job we don't put no punky
hoolie goes down there time to go eat some flan okay time to go slide stick some flan on his
rectum have a slippery day okay time to slide on a slippery slope with the help of about 20 pounds of
flan that's what I bet you know everything was going great here until we started that flan talk and
then then things started really skating downhill fast I wouldn't be surprised yeah you know
something every time I beat it I brought it up that's right I mean like man it's like eating
oysters do we like oysters yeah you do yeah that's like eating snot yeah how about I mean I could
never eat them I've never tried them because first of all I'm not that big on seafood to begin with
I do like clams but like in clam shodder cooked it cooked not raw oh god the idea raw clam
that is not I don't need them anymore because it's and oysters people are like dropping down
their throat they go into bar and they're dropping like oysters like a clam bar the dropping
oysters down their throat I'm telling you right now it's not Jesus quite in effect that's
probably what was on address maybe it was just a big clam and what about snails you ever eat
snails well the fact that you're big in the snow oh you've also eaten that probably like snails yeah
you like snails sure have you ever seen a snail a living breathing snail absolutely and you
got a lot of those in your pus mmm fried up with some garlic and butter oh Jesus Christ now
wonder you're eating palamine o for lunch here's a lady mobile in adventurer hello hi yes man this is
Anna how are you great um listen I'm right on the edge of a famous aina suicide no I don't want you to do
that goddamn audience man these people are so hard to get how does anybody make it in this town
that's what I like to know how does anybody including me make it in this town got are these people tough
well you know I'm a new listener so lead to got someone here thank god for you sweetheart you're the only
you're the only barrier between me and a definite sugar death well listen I have a question a specific
question about that basket in the lotion in the basket basket in the lotion yeah right
what about that I just thought I was gonna pass right the bubble of bills I'm Georgia's
explaining you say but I don't understand the correlation I guess he said that I had to see
the movie but could you play it one more time just so I can really like pay attention to it and
while we're at it can I play what what you mean the whole bit it puts the lotion in the basket yeah
it's all coming back to me I think I'd lost it out because it was very disturbing as a
scene that was very disturbing anyway um and also you know that bubble of bill song that they
sing on to my adult and song songs well that would be a good one to play too I think if you I play
it yesterday I just got through playing it yesterday but well maybe I don't know and I played it for
like two days before they uh but the boy have a nice day sweetheart I'm thinking because of the
bubble of bill song you're gonna play now could you play at least the other bubble no well can I play
what that bubble lotion basket yes I will play that but the song the bill song no no chance have a
nice year get out of here boy oh boy see what I mean I want it I don't want to request I want
conversation I want to start I'm going back to the cookies again okay
so that that wasn't what I was looking for is a bunch of people just to fill up the line she
hasn't want to talk to me she just wants she wants if I had free ticket she would want that too
she wants me to play this she wants me to play that she wants me to play it puts the lotion in the basket
about 400 times that god then bills the thing again yeah but wait yeah but wait a second exactly I
just got through playing it like five seconds ago these people are so one dimensional I'll tell you
one thing if I would see if you allow the lunatics to run the asylum it's like the guys that do the
sports shows on is the marginal radio stations they let all these gamblers call in and run their shows
it's called the tail and that's the wag the dog syndrome they kept talking about where we were
popping the bomb in those laundry heads over there it's the wag the tail syndrome man
what is it wag the wag your ass dog syndrome letting the inmates run the asylum if I did that
all we hear we hear that fit and we did a bridge tender 20 times today and then we could say okay
goodbye go home and how do I get a bad idea god damn bridge tender I think you ought to be
here's a mobile in Cooper city hello hello yes sir hey he'll do it okay yeah we'll talk about
oh I went to a major fast food restaurant and stand there waiting on my big Mac and the guy
gave me change he gave me back a Canadian quarter and normally I wouldn't say anything you know
I never have now man it's worth about let's see I don't know where to not work too much right so he came
back and he's waiting on the sandwich I said excuse me can I get another quarter he goes we don't
take those I said you just gave it to me he was I have to get a supervisor so the supervisor came over
she goes what's the problem goes well he wants a quarterback for this and he looked at me and
there you go and they looked at it and then she goes okay give him a quarter how about that
two pack from Tennessee whatever his name is two two Maurice yeah well I'm out material okay and
don't take any winnickles okay either yeah that Canadian change boy too bad about those tourists
that were not getting all those frauds as many as we used to how the way tourism was down I hate
to break the news because they like to give you a big they like to lie to you a lot of the chamber
commerce people Florida tourism down in 1998 that's right Vegas way up all the other tourist
destinations way up Florida down and of course they say well you know the luniate first of all those
people don't spend 50 cents here per capita anyway so don't even count those frogs who the hell needs
them that's the best thing that ever happened to this town open up a little bit okay and by the way
Sunny Rosenberg we're sending you to Quebec okay you'll fit in there like a rubber glove you'll
love the smoked meat up there mister open line and date county come on let's get that line filled
up in Nate County I got these famous anus can you hear them there they are I got them
I'm not gonna smell just a little bit better almost edible in fact if we had a little bit of slime
to put on them like kind of slime how about slime would like chocolate chip cookies in them
ground up inside there's all these alternate recipes that's all you know what they have which are
like in in Amistadom where the food generally sucks but there is one dessert that we have in
this one place what the hell do they call it whatever they call it's got all kinds of like
different ice creams with butter scots syrup real hot butter scots that they put over and they've
got like cookies like like these famous anus similar kinds of crumbled up all you know around it
through it in it let's just sit around and sniff it on the air oh god now we'll just talk about
it and sniff it I'm telling you it's a great diet is that line in date county ringing yet okay
here we go famous anus don't do it I got what 20 seconds five six seven oh five 60
see they don't care that's the thing the one thing I've discovered year after year after year
and the days have come in sick the days have come in feeling I was dying over here the day when I
thought remember when I had my tongue thing like all my stuff from smoking too many of those crappy
cigars I'll tell where those those denim and lights that had were made out of paper good call yeah
they exactly denim and lights they were killing me they were great cigars don't get me wrong with
respect to my friend Nick but they were killing me so it wasn't worth it was it worth it no
but did they care to this audience care because like as Ralph Donner said remember Ralph Donner
anybody you don't know what you got no tell you abuse it no oh by the way my doctor said congratulations
on healing of your bruised rectum no the last time I was there to see am I had a bruised rectum
came on here I'm the only I'm the only in fact I'm in a Guinness book of records for that by the way
I'm the only a person radio personality in history and the history of the business ever too
a bit having a bruised rectum in the year okay with an ask the rest because in the
essence by the way he's a bag of two which makes it even more embarrassing but that's not how we
got it we think so how do you like that for my doctor says when you're a rectum all healed up but
other than that maybe he'll call it with my test results later on today before the end of the show
he's a great guy he really is my doctor he's the best doctor mark he's like he's almost like not a
doctor he's just like an ordinary guy who knows his stuff but he's not one of these guys that
you know has to put on the white coat and impress you and go through a big song of dance although when
I got there yesterday he said oh hang on a second let me go upstairs and get my coat well he does
want to put on his white coat because otherwise 26 past noon otherwise you might not want to pay
at the 560 WQ I'm headgoberg back today from vacation at six o'clock we got booster talking
baseball oh oh kind of a kind of a delicate time to be talking baseball now on this station isn't it
and then 830 we got the panthers and Phoenix in penis Arizona you know pizza loft is not only
home of the world's it's not the world's best pizza okay Jeff it's South Florida's best pizza
and I you know having been in Italy 125 times I'm not going to be actually in the world best pizza
of course not but it is South Florida's best pizza it's consistently delicious three different
kinds New York style fixed-assisted style the extra spicy Puganzas style and pizza loft got tons
and tons of great dishes at very very modest prices that's the one thing you love about pizza
love everything is fresh it's delicious big big portions and teeny tiny prices they got the best
galic rules you've ever had in your life and all kinds of combination dinners if you can't figure
on one single thing they got chicken dishes with beer and eggplant and stuff sells lasagna and
maticani what is it lasagna and lasagna and maticani well whatever it is it ends in a bowl you'll
have a gigantic bowl of food when after you eat at the loft that's guaranteed and they also have
all your favorite sauces you pick not only the things you want in your combination plate but all
the sauces you want on there too and they got their award-winning lasagna and stromboli and calzones
and super subs chicken catchatory on their traditional pasta favorites spaghetti with meatballs
or Italian sausage big ziti tortellini with cheese sauce they are all fresh delicious out of this
world pizza loft and the pizza loft price on university drive between gripping five 95 right
next to Nova southeastern University in Davy right behind here when imports either they're
have a deliverer to take it home. Call 9-5-4-916-8880. 9-1-6-8880. Ponyfield, by the way, needs lots
and lots more money this year during 1999. We won't tell you why, but he needs lots and lots of money.
So bring the Gothamish point in there for an inexpensive delicious meal, for lunch, for dinner,
for late nights snacks, in between, over and over again. Pizza loft, not the fastest, not the cheapest.
They just be the best. Me again, Bob. When you're done.
This is Debbie.
Hello, Debbie. I'm an inter-sudent getting some operations done.
Okay. And some body contouring and some liposuction.
Uh-huh. And I was wondering if it's from Tommy Talk,
and lip augmentation cosmetic, the breast surgery, face care for all of these things.
Uh-huh. And I was wondering...
Boy, let's start with.
Well, I need to get everything done. Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing.
Okay, we don't do that.
No. Could you do breast implants, though?
Uh, I can't be done, but I don't know how they would do right away.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Uh-huh.
How much?
Uh, 5,000.
Excellent. I'd like to have my skin resurface too.
Laser surgery.
Uh-huh.
Have the lamb stop crying yet?
Mommy.
Excuse me?
Don't hurt mommy's little baby.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV.
Okay.
Can you make me look more like a woman?
Well, we'll have to see you first, and then upon looking at you, we can tell you that when we see you.
Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts, mommy?
Uh, if you'd like to.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Would you like to make an appointment?
Yes.
Okay, um, there is a $100 consultation fee.
That's fine.
Okay.
Um, my name is Buffalo Bill.
Okay, let me get a little information from you.
Okay.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Do you want to come in for a consultation for life?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Uh, okay.
Would you like to make an appointment?
Or do you want to call me back?
What's the lotion in the basket?
I understand.
I got my skin suit and liposuction.
Uh-huh.
Bill.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand that.
Would you like to-
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Would you like to make an appointment?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Okay, I will talk to you in the time, okay?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Hello?
Okay.
Am I okay at this point?
No.
No, I can't handle it.
Okay, 1231 is 560 WK.
Somebody in date hung up, god damn it.
Here we go, cookie time.
No, seriously, you have to scare these people.
You have to blackmail them, you have to threaten them,
you have to browbeat them.
I mean, this is just one hell of a place, man.
Especially after you find the first 50 people
who can speak English here.
Here's Carl Spings, hello.
Don't do it, Nail.
Don't do it, please.
I haven't touched them, I have felt.
Don't do it.
And you know what they are going to do with doing with fish food.
Yeah, you're right.
Do what I-
This stuff isn't worth doing it, you're right.
Cookie's aren't worth it.
Ice cream, if there was religion based on ice cream,
I would be there like this.
But I'm in withdrawal from that at the moment.
For some reason, I've got a temporary control
over my fish food craving.
Really?
Oh yeah, for many a day there,
I was stopping at my mobile station
like every day and getting a fish stick on the way home.
Just to hide me over.
I haven't found those loose like that.
You know, I have found it in the pints.
I can't find them.
Why do you mean you haven't found those loose there?
I've got the mobile stations.
I'm in the ETT station.
Ah, there are every mobile station in South Florida
has got the fish sticks.
Yeah, they're not in the regular pints.
They're in like, they have a separate freezer
where they have like all the ice cream bars
and a strap right there.
Yeah, mobile stations.
Every mobile station, I stop it.
There's got a mobile on Flamingo right by 595.
They got them all the time, guaranteed.
I'm going to have to hit one of those.
Now, do you see that?
And also, Publisher's got them
and where they have all the ice cream stuff.
You have to look hard
because it's in the middle of all the crap there,
but they're in there.
Well, it's probably next to the S-Cargo.
Yeah, right next to the oysters and clams.
Right.
You know, that's why they call it S-Cargo
because no one would eat snails.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
I can't even imagine trying it.
Damn, maybe it's good.
Maybe it's delicious.
I don't know.
I'll let somebody else find out.
Do you yourself a favor now?
Do not take those cookies in your car on the way home.
No, I'm on.
Because if you have to be in that traffic on 441.
No, I don't go on the traffic.
I'm 441.
It's right over here to the turnpike.
I'd be, I, you think I'm going to go on this traffic
on 441 North-Aier?
Do you head south to the traffic?
Well, yeah.
We're right on the corner.
Ives Dairy and 441.
Okay, because I was over there on business yesterday
and I had a, I went up the county line road.
No, no, don't ever do that until they get the construction
finished in about 12 years.
I was ready.
I was ready.
If I would have done it, my car would have put it in my mouth.
Exactly.
You can't get there from here.
What you've got to do is you've got to make a,
go south just to 199 to Honey Hill Road
and go by Chuck's sub place and stop for a sub.
And then you go out past P.P. Park right into the stadium there.
Like when you leave and then you're off.
Okay, and then you're up on the turnpike.
Right.
Beautiful.
And you'll see my good friend Sylvia there
with the red here in the long red fingernails.
Okay, now don't eat the cookies.
I appreciate your help on the traffic.
Don't eat the cookies.
Okay, okay.
Thank you.
Bye-bye.
God bless you.
See, there's a guy that's not like he cares.
He said, don't do it.
You're a young man.
You got your whole life ahead of you.
Take me to the foot of the George Washington Bridge.
We have an open line.
And of course the irony of that is
is William Holden died with a bottle in his hand.
Boy, he was a great actor.
You know, William Holden.
And also coming to find out.
I saw a movie with him from in the 40s.
I remember talking to my mother about this a couple of years ago.
I saw an old, old movie.
You know, a real old ancient black in my movie.
He was a real good looking guy when he was young.
Go Holden.
Did you ever see him when he was young?
Yes.
I mean, I can tell you what right away.
But yeah, he was a really very good looking man.
Bill Holden.
Great actor.
Sunset strip, wasn't that him?
Could be.
I mean, but that was in the 50s.
That was 54 or so.
I mean, 56.
He wasn't a young man and then.
But you're asking how old do you think he was in network?
70s.
Really?
No, not 70.
60.
Early 60s, 63, 64.
And guess what?
He's good.
That's right.
They find him with a bottle.
Bill Holden.
But you know something.
I can understand all those movie stars.
I never used to be able to understand with a fame
and a celebrity and all their money.
They can't go.
They can't even go take a leak in a public toilet without being.
Oh, hey, Mr. Holden.
Good.
I've got to, you know, after a while, you just become so neurotic.
I can now understand it.
After that tremendous success we had on, on Wami, you know.
You can't even take a leak.
You can't even go.
You can't even go into God damn ice cream section
and get yourself a little thing of fish food without people.
Oh, hey, Neil.
I love your shot.
Hey, you wanna tell me how.
In fact, I'll tell you how bad it's gotten since that TV show.
I was sitting on the toilet seat this morning.
And a little voice came up from the, from the bottom.
It said, you are the most unbelievable asshole I've ever seen in my life.
Yeah, from way down inside the toilet.
Of course they were looking at my, uh,
breakfast at the time.
Put it at any rate.
Here's Miramar.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I always appreciate when you bring up the evil of sugar
because I'm a hospitalized samic.
Yeah, your hypoglycemia.
How low does your blood sugar go before you go into a, in your coma state?
You know, I'm really not aware of the numbers because I was,
I was, I was, I was totally unaware of it until I was in the service and medical officer
gave me eight hours glucose tolerance test.
Yes.
And before then, my life was like a roller coaster.
My, my, my, my, up and down, up and down.
Up and down.
Lots of energy.
I was, I was, up and down.
I was trying to jump with Captain Kluncher fruit loops and I would just go nuts all the
long in school.
That's, that's why all these kids are hyperventilating.
I'm telling you, everybody laughs at me.
They think I'm making it up because they're so overloaded with sugar.
And that's why they have to keep them getting that riddle in and all this other
craft because it's a sugar shop and I'm, I'm, they're kids are OD'd on sugar.
That's why they're blowing each other's brains out.
It's a basis for many of my problems.
Right.
Based on my parents, I need psychological health and blah, blah, blah.
And I really was totally unaware.
I really thought I was, I really thought I was mentally unstable until I realized that
hey man, my diet is full of sugar and look what's going to be right.
And now I'm a grown man with a seven year old my own.
Yeah.
And it's a war with my wife to keep cookies and, and the, uh, little dessert treats
in the other house because of the, right now the number one thing.
But wait a minute.
You, you tell me that your wife is, uh, combating you and bringing that stuff into the
house.
That's fucking bitch.
Yeah.
That's right.
She has a sweet tooth.
And my daughter, my daughter who has almost no sugar and diet most of the time when my,
my wife sneaks in some trees for her.
I watch her just, uh, go bananas in the house.
And I says, look, theater, can't you see a difference in her personality?
It's like a drug.
Uh huh.
Correct.
It's like taking up and down at the same time.
I, listen, I have said you're, you sure you are the most intelligent call I've ever
had in my life, bar none.
I've been saying for at least five years now, on a year and they, I never get a response.
Sugar is the most addictive.
The strongest drug is more than heroin, more than anything on the face of the earth and
these people all like, yeah, and you want to know why they left because they don't want
to believe it because they like it because it tastes so goddamn.
That's right.
And they want to hear the God damn truth because they can't handle it because we're addicted
to it.
And you know what it does?
It, it changes your personality.
And you know, it calls as deep psychological instability.
Right.
Look at me.
Look at me.
I'm a mad man.
I'm a lunatic.
Anyone in the life?
Too much goddamn sugar, man.
The only remedy is to keep your weight.
Can you keep it all your weight?
I got these cookies.
I just smashed them to smithereens.
Thanks to you.
How do you like that?
I just smashed them up in a little bit.
Of course I can look them up now, but I won't.
And right in the old trash can, how do you like that?
And my life revolves around eating vegetables and, and, and, uh, brown.
I'll go around with a few vegetables all along.
No, no, that's kind of a whole week.
Like I eat a lot of the canned vegetables to a very good food.
But these things I found really stable.
I should butt sugar.
And, and a weird part about it is a two-stage effect.
There's a media effect and there's a long-term data data effect.
Right.
Sure goes. You don't realize.
That's right.
And your head will clear, you know, you say, hey, um,
I hope my doctor is listening to this by the way who ballooned back up again.
Just like I did.
It was getting real chunky after I got him to lose all that weight on the egg and say,
I hope my good friend, Dr. Mark, who's a great guy is listening right now
because he's starting to balloon back up again and it's not worth it.
And you think a lot of people that get up to sugar initially and, and they say,
I'm okay now and I go back home.
I realize the effect or like,
it just like they know the sugar that's right.
Just like, you know, it's just like if you got really, really drunk for seven or eight days straight,
it would take you four or five days to straighten your brain out afterwards.
But they'll hold and look what happened to him.
That's right. And sugar is the same thing because...
Well, God bless you, sir.
You just think you just spurred me on to destroying famous anus.
Yeah, one more thing.
I have a hundred miles down.
That's outside in the hall. But anyway, I haven't called you a long time.
But I give you a clue.
Enough sports.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
That must be the guy from Miramar.
Is that who that is?
Whatever his name is.
Good guy though.
He's see he finally enough of the sports.
We're not talking sports.
That's what he meant.
Down with a goddamn sports crap.
Okay. We got 20 hours of the rest of the day.
Hey, you think that all of this can really beat Denver?
You think Denver's gonna be...
Oh, Jesus.
Come up with something new and different.
Okay.
Come up with something new and different.
Like you think the Browns are gonna be good,
whatever they start playing again?
You think Art Mordell is really the kind of asshole that he portrays himself today?
Yes.
Oh, God.
All those Hitler comments.
Yes.
We have an open line in Broward, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
Palm 5, as soon as you know I can't threaten him.
I got the...
Well, I got the...
I got the elotion in my basket.
How do you like that?
Yeah, right there.
I got the famous anus in the basket.
Hmm.
Oh, they're still plenty of.
There's...
When you crumble them up, it's really easy to like just...
government.
I'm getting close to that age,
although I do have all of my own teeth.
Even my mother.
Do you realize she's got all her own teeth?
Very good.
She's 117 years old.
She still has all of her own real teeth.
Nice going, ma.
24-1 and 5-50 WQM.
Good God.
Cool, cool, baby.
Let's turn this mother out.
Puff the match of wrapper is on my TV.
The one heard of them before,
all the same is Puff's daddy.
I said that's Puff the match of wrapper.
Oh.
Won't be here that long.
Not unless it learns to sing on the right of the friggin song.
I said, Puff the match of wrapper is all over my TV.
Only because of one shot no furious VIG,
that fat guy maybe the one should sell him,
making it his way wrong.
18-hatshot dead fat spread.
Speak King, blood fall.
Stoop doggy doggy dog.
Puff 44-560 WQM.
So how about that little bow, the cops got a little slow.
You won't see him no more, OK?
There you go.
Everybody in Liberty City go out and we're having a party,
baby.
Open line and date one and Broward.
5-670-560, pound 560 on the 18-T wireless line.
That's the good news.
The bad news is that anybody who doesn't pass
our literacy test by the end of this week gets fixed
whether they want to or not.
Well, don't you think that would be a requirement
for reproducing is to be at least literate?
Shouldn't that be like a requirement in America
to be able to reproduce is to be literate,
to be articulate, to be intelligent,
to have IQ bigger than your thumbnail,
any special ed, then who'll pick the tomatoes?
Mexicans.
We have an open line and date one and Broward.
5-670-560, pound 560.
Hey, we've got to have Taco Bell,
your Kieto Taco Bell, baby.
I like those little chihuahas for somebody else,
not for me.
That's what you ought to get that guy that called earlier,
that Jack S. Get you a chihuahua,
OK, it'll drive you nuts.
If you're not already got it, if you don't have a head start.
Here's a mobile in North Miami.
Hello?
I'm going to adopt about 50 of those gray hounds.
Yeah, there you go.
Hey, you notice all the response I got in that?
By the way, about the gray hound scandal.
They don't want to talk.
They don't know for nothing these people.
Probably next to the stomach.
Yeah.
Does me.
I bet on them.
That's bad enough.
Yeah, that'll kill you.
Listen, did you play the bridge tender yet after the day here?
We have an open line and date two and Broward.
5-670-560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miami B.
Chilla.
Neil, how you doing, baby?
OK, sir.
Listen, I got a couple things to talk about.
Number one, I hadn't heard the show earlier,
but I put on the TV last night to watch the game.
What do you have to say, baby?
Our husband's name is Maurice.
I want to know.
He talked about that.
He talked about two more tumouries,
two more tumour, two more tumour, whatever their name is, yeah.
OK, that's old material news.
Well, second thing, I'm in my office.
His name is just a tumour.
And it's the same type of mentality.
I hear over here people talking.
Well, it's supposed to be season,
but with the windshield factor, it's supposed to be even lower.
What the hell is that?
Well, say hi to a little black sample.
OK?
We have two open lines and date one and Broward.
Boys, he a chronic man, a real chronic.
I hope that little boat comes over to your house,
knocking on the door for a little boat
peep about three o'clock in the morning.
OK?
Kind of like shake you up a little bit.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60 and pond 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Mimey Lake.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
OK.
You want to show me the other aunt that fell off the suit?
Oh!
We need an exterminator in here.
One, you know something.
I'll tell you what.
I'll pay for an exterminator.
If I have to pay myself, I'll pay for an exterminator
coming here and spray this place.
If Greg Reed is too godly and cheap to keep this place
sanitary, we don't want this place to be a bug-and-fested toilet
like over in Sheridan Street.
Go ahead, sir.
Yes, how you doing, Neil?
I want to come in yesterday on a gentleman
who called about the hockey game that he takes for the game.
OK, we'll call somebody else to OK, because you're chronic.
Don't you recognize that, boys?
Chronic.
Open line and Broward, all three and date.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pond 5, 60 on the AT&T.
This is the, I just give up.
I throw my arms up in here.
I'm going to reach in a waste basket and lap the crumbs out
of there.
I'm just going to lick the crumbs right
out of the bottom of the basket.
I'm going to stick my tongue and make a motion in the basket
like that, that kind of a motion.
Any interest here today?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pond 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
I'm starting to get my sonus is acted up again.
It's this audience.
It's my South Florida allergies.
That's what it is.
Dr. Mark should know that as soon as I walked in the door.
She just said, yeah, you look OK right now,
but that's because you're out of that building.
Or maybe it's the bugs.
Here's Royal Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hi, George.
Whatever your name is.
Now I wish George a happy New Year.
And I wish you a real quick about that.
The dogs, the greyhounds, up here in Palm Beach.
And greyhound.
I'm not getting a thousand calls about that.
So we have any goddamn animal lovers in this audience.
What a bunch of deadheads in this town.
No wonder this stuff goes on in this state.
Because everybody's busy with their own goddamn craft.
Yeah, it's real shame.
But they come around.
What a bunch of lagers and slaggers
and we got in this place.
They bring the dogs around.
And they're like they ate with ninth rates.
And they bring them around.
They bring your kids and whatever there.
And they bring the dogs around.
And they bring the paperwork.
And you actually sign up to adopt these dogs.
They do it right there at the most of the dogs.
Yeah, but how many people can adopt the dogs?
That's the problem.
They reproduce them like rabbits.
They turn them out like a puppy factory is what they are.
Don't you understand?
You see they're all fixed and they're shot and all that.
They're what?
They're all been taken care of.
I'm talking about the ones that they guess.
Oh, yeah.
Real shame.
They're thousands.
Listen, they make their money and they dispose of them.
That's what they do.
Well, isn't that lovely?
Isn't that a wonderful industry, huh?
Can I mention something else?
Yes, sir.
But that's real shame.
And hopefully more people will take the car.
It's not a real shame.
It's a scandal.
It is.
It's a scandal that they disaster.
And the people in this state are so goddamn oblivious
to paying the suffering to anything.
They're like in La La land.
They're just standing out there sniffing the goddamn air
to see if there's anything in it.
You know, we on another note on the sugar air,
would they say we'd average 120 pounds of sugar annually.
That's right.
And it calls the tooth decay, obesity, of course,
because I know.
And mental illness, the nervous condition, heart,
heart, blood, blood, blood of the arteries, right?
Personality changes, blood swings,
creases in heart disease, diabetes, you know.
Hypertinesia, hyperglycemia.
And I got a hand to that guy called earlier about the kids.
Yeah.
Because my daughter is the second grade.
And we were having problems with a doctor
so we're going to put her on medication
because she's too high, but she wants
to enter a seeding school and all that.
So if we took her off the colors, the additives,
and the sugar like that,
I mean, you see the change you would not believe,
the change.
I don't want to take the colors off those kids,
and they're out of two changes immediately.
They become a total different to breeds.
It's amazing, you know.
It is totally amazing.
And I'll go around the public now.
And I still get to fish through
because it's basically your natural and stuff like that.
But it's going to be like that.
Well, I love for people to eat,
but in juries it's one of our fine sponsors,
but that's what I eat.
Please don't tell me because it's natural.
What does that mean?
Well, it's loaded with sugar.
It's like injecting sugar in your veins.
Right.
But I try to stay away from all the chemicals
and all that other, I mean, I try.
I mean, I have the sugar to pump.
I mean, I grew up in sugar.
Let me tell you, I'm a bad guy.
On the way home, listen, on the way home here.
Yeah.
To my home in West Palm, not to the whole park.
I stopped.
I stopped the public.
He's talking about the savings.
Amcline is here.
And I just bought a 12-ounce bag for $1.99 there.
So what are you talking about?
I'm going to be dammit.
I was like, listen to you.
And I got freaking hungry.
OK, I'll never do it again.
Will you not do that again?
I promise.
I promise you.
I'll throw them out on my canal in the back.
Do it.
OK?
Kill this frog.
This is real quick.
Yeah.
Because I got to go now.
Come and talk to the famous anus.
OK, yeah.
Anyway, I like anus.
Yeah.
Anyway, take over again.
Come on, come on.
Come on.
I made a few people like one puppy.
And the basket, let's put the motion in there.
Get out of here.
Why didn't they quit while we was ahead?
Just go feed the frogs.
OK, this guy has given me a big lecture about his kids.
And since he took the color out of them,
he appales into one's significance.
And whatever, whatever, whatever, it makes a lot of sense.
And then he goes on and goes off the deep end,
because we're weak, because we're addicted to it.
Why don't you admit it?
You crazy people out there.
Why don't you at least I admit it?
I'm weak.
I'm a fat slob.
I'm addicted to this crap.
I'm absolutely totally addicted to it.
And the goddamn government that's so worried about the tobacco
and the kids.
In the meantime, there's more kids
that you're killing out there.
All your little kids.
I'll guarantee you those little kids
that they're holding up in the air, shaking them
like they're goddamn a mooraka at the hockey games.
I guarantee you, those kids are so hopped up on sugar.
They don't know their ass from their record.
And you like that.
As if there's a difference, OK?
Because that's what America's doing.
Are they're youth?
Is they're killing them with goddamn sugar?
Everything that you're sticking them out.
And then of course, they take the kids in the store,
and not only are they running the show
at the sporting events and dictating
the kind of behavior that's going to go on,
they're dictating what mommy's going to buy in the supermarket.
I want this, mommy.
You know, instead of wearing it right in the face
and sending flying to the moon like Jackie Gleason would say,
I'll buy what's good for you, OK?
And you'll keep your goddamn mouth shut, Junior.
Or you'll be in a goddamn pizza oven so fast.
You won't know ponytail from your rectum.
That's right.
That's the way to do it.
Oh, no, we don't want to do that.
You never strike your kids.
No, don't ever discipline your kids, OK?
Just keep threatening to discipline them.
I never do it so that you really have a lot
of credibility that way.
Just smack a little, you know,
I'm not talking about abusing your children.
I'm talking about when the time comes,
you show them who's running a goddamn ship,
instead of being let around by the nose
because it's a lot easier and more convenient that way.
Because we have a lot of weak people out there reproducing.
Anybody can reproduce, OK?
Does it take any great talent to make babies?
No.
Takes no talent whatsoever to be reproduced.
Does it take any intelligence to make babies?
No.
Like a whole bunch of them, like maybe a litter?
No.
No.
But to raise them responsibly and we keep shaking our heads,
you would don't understand what isn't going on.
Letting a bunch of little kids, again,
it's the wag the dog thing again all over again.
The tail is wagging the goddamn dog
and the kids are wagging the goddamn parent asses.
How do you like that?
Do you like it?
No.
I don't.
Hand in the ass little brats.
Here's a mobile at West Palm Beach.
Hello?
Absolutely correct, sir.
Absolutely correct, sir.
Oh, I agree.
On the money, a new list of 12 people, how's it work out?
Great, excellent.
Thank you so much, man.
I'm counting.
I have been doing such healthy numbers on that seat.
It must be the seat.
Oh, I'm happy to know you've got it.
You know, I think you've got the right elevation, you know?
You've got it.
Hey, I had a question for you.
You can't remember it.
It's just the right vibration if the seat is the right elevation.
That's what Jesse Jackson said.
All right.
If the fits, it must take a good, something
of rhymes with fits right.
Well, I'm with you.
You were right on the money with the Rick and Sud story.
Have you heard anything about up here a little bit
north on queer channel with the Rowered?
No.
She insinuated something yesterday about she
may not be around in a couple months.
Oh, you got it.
Oh, I can't.
Wow.
I think some of the part of the month.
How can you be around in a couple of months?
Well, let's see a big deal with that.
No, she didn't come out and say, but I called in and asked her screener.
He was just like, I, you know, we don't know what's going on.
I like that.
Yeah, like that.
Yeah, like that.
Like that.
Then you know, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, right.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I like the way she would never say that.
I figured you would hear her first if something was happening.
I haven't heard you have a, she, we don't really care that much about what I hate to break the news to you, but with all due respect, you know, that market is a
really good.
Yeah.
Okay.
Have a great day, pal.
I'm saying, you know, thank you again.
The queer son, queer square dance.
Well, the gay square dance.
Don't say queer dance.
That's how for crying out loud.
We're saying, you know, back square dance.
All right.
Hey, okay, see bottoms up.
You got it.
Have a nice one.
Here's your gun of running my door.
Love your seat.
Run the longs of the gay square dance.
Got a great big zipper in the back of my pants.
Get off the horse.
If the old barn door got the saddle burned around, I'm a ride on the horn.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Look in style, folks, are dancing all around.
There goes Gownie and his mother's not down.
All the men left and all the men right.
All the men need disabilities.
Give your partner a silly smirk.
All doing hands for a big circle jerk.
Volunteers all raise your hands.
Who's going to be the next pivot man?
Invite your partner home for a drink.
Lick your lips and give him a link with a great big smile and a great fake nod.
Let him know your gerbil deep cloud.
1256-560-WQM-NAS X up 29 points, Rick.
And the Dow is, uh, oh, gee, they saw.
Come on, you jackasses there on CNN.
Where's my CNN?
Searching for signal?
Is it raining outside?
How the hell can that be?
Wait a minute.
One moment, please.
275.
Oh, there it is.
Wow, that was up 95 points.
Oh, the nice decks up 29, which is like almost 150 points.
All right.
There you go.
That will give Rick a lot to talk about tomorrow.
Okay, we haven't had any answers on our poll question yet.
We want Rick to keep talking about the stock market.
No.
Not that I want to interfere with their show, but since I'm the promoter now.
No.
We don't want to hear any more about that.
No.
No.
Stop.
No.
No.
No.
No.
By the way, if your hair is falling out and clumps, I'm sure you'd like that to stop too, right?
Rick.
You know, if you want to do something about a car, go for an Charlie Alfieery because he's been helping out guys.
Shleppers like you, millionaires, people in between for over 25 years now.
And nobody anywhere in the world makes a better looking more natural system, which is why even the guys with the biggest bucks in the universe go to Charles Alfieery.
Because it looks so great, it looks so real.
And now he's even improved his natural hairline system.
He's created a lighter, more durable, completely natural looking system.
Even when your hair is wet, nobody in the universe will be able to tell it's not the real thing.
And now if we're limited time, call Charles Alfieery, mention the NeoRounders show.
They'll have a big smile on their purse because they love me and we love them.
And Charles will give you a $200 discount on the purchase of that new hair system.
So forget about that sunny Rosenberg look and that Wayne Hypinga look.
And God forbid that Bob Eisenberg look.
Oh God, that did right on your head.
Look, forget about that.
And call our good friend Charles Alfieery and start looking like a munch.
Years and years younger and feel better about yourself too.
Call them toll free and tell them you want your hair back.
Call 1-800-321-2413.
That's 1-800-321-2413.
That's so long, it's a two hour.
And now they're picking the NeoRounders.
They're making a real deal.
They're making a real deal.
And now they're picking the NeoRounders.
They're pulling poor financial advice.
And the aim is not down.
There's no best if all they're all on strike.
Let's turn the play style and enjoy the judge would joy be.
All right.
Before we move on, I'll take a tan of shadows.
Oh!
Like that, that's all I said.
I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm saying I have a look at someone
who has lost some Colona
You see she got her
right Following her
оре.
herigos yo
we could go throw him a bone. Yeah, here you go. Get down all four is fine. Oh, yeah,
we'll change their names to doggy names. We'll name the, we'll name the dog Charlie. We'll
name him Fido. Okay. Or maybe he's just, he's an asshole. Two open lines in day five,
six, seven, oh, five, six, yeah. What kind of dog should I get? How about a one with a
tail in an ass? How does that sound for a start? And four legs in a nose and maybe a couple
of ears. Jesus Christ almighty. How about a minute, your picture sounds perfect for you,
pal? Right up your alley, God, you deserve each other like a match made in heaven. Here's
a lady in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hi there. I wanted to call about the Greyhound coming.
You're out. What's wrong with these people for Christ's sake? Where his phone should be
smoking here without rage? Yes. These people care about human life, canine life, any God
damn life, except their own damn life. If they have one. That's, that's a bit true. A lot
of people, they're, they're just not aware of how the Greyhound are mistreated and how they
need to do is to be made aware. And then they need to know what to do after they are made
aware, which has never go to a racetrack, never support those places they are actually going
out of business on their own. There are, there are a lot less than there were before.
The Greyhound, yeah. And they, what they've have to do now. That has, that has absolutely
nothing to do with what's going on with the dogs. That's because there, there's too much
competition for the dollar and the permutrials have failed to attract younger people. And
as a result, they, they're going out of business like crazy. You're right. That's the
point. You're right. It's important that they open into the simulcasting for that. They
all be closed right now every one of them. But if we, if we can reach just three years
show, the people that perhaps go for the simulcast as well to just completely boycott the
Greyhound races all together. I'm not looking to start boy counting Greyhound races. I'm
trying to get some people to intervene and do something about the breeding that goes
on and the destruction of all these goddamn puppies. There is. There, yeah. There actually
isn't organized. I know I always talked about it a hundred times over the years, but nobody
gives a crap in this crowd. They don't care. Well, there is an organization called Holly
Dogs who actually they adopt out Greyhound. Yeah. They've rescued. They adopt an oat. Yeah.
That's right. They do. They send them to Manitoba. No. Actually, they're, it's in Florida,
South Florida. Yeah. They don't talk as many as I do. And they do good work. So if anyone
would like to adopt a dog, they can always contact, contact Holly Dogs. Holly Dogs. That's
what they're called. Holly Dogs. Yeah. They're actually in Hollywood. Okay. My wife. I
would think so. I wouldn't think they weren't Arcadia if it's Holly Dogs. Well, I want to
say I enjoy your show and I am glad that you are infant because just look back. I'm
going to tell you something. Any person that doesn't love dogs is a piece of crap. I'll
tell you that right now. That's not my opinion. That's the fact. Any person that doesn't
appreciate and love dogs is a person that shouldn't be breeding and wasting the first
year. Right. And a lot of people actually, they just are not aware of the suffering that
goes on. Right. And I'm thinking thing because people aren't cruel on purpose. They just
need to be made aware of how the animals are treated. What do they mean? They're not cruel
on purpose. The people that are doing all of this. No. I mean, the people that are supporting
it. Well, there's got to be stopped. Absolutely. I agree with you. Wholeheartedly. I'm glad
that you're saying that. Thanks a lot. Thanks. See, there's a lady that cares. There's
one. Does anybody else out there give a crap? No. The one is thinking about this. Of course
not. They're too busy. We're about stopping for God damn famous anus at publics around
the way home because there's such weaklings. Thank God for strong people like me. What
are you looking at? I threw it in the waist. Baskin. I had it. I was nodding. I was smiling
in the eye. I said, here I had the bag open. Okay. I have it here. And for once in my life,
I'm not saying very often. Maybe because I had that soup. So thank God again. Thanks
Brad over there. Tony's forgiven me to have been the strong. And not only that, but what's
actually better? See, the point is what's the point? What's the point of my sitting here
and preaching and pontificating because these people, it's like trying to get a response
and forgot to aim rock. It's like going out and getting drunk. It's like when you're
in college and you drink 25 gallons of beer, okay? And at the time, eh, it ain't how you're
feeling no pain. And you wake up in the morning and while you're doing it, you know that the
next morning you're going to wake up in a sea of puke and you're going to have a bad headache
in the hangover and you're going to feel like death boiled over for hours or maybe even
a whole day or two. And you still do it. And like me, when you're diabetic and you know
you go to the store and you pick up your pint of fishboot and you go home and you put
it in the microwave for 37 seconds and you sit there and you just shovel it down your
post and oh, God, it tastes good. And you have that temporary euphoria. And then your
blood sugar goes skyrocketing up and you can barely move like you're all your body,
like you're frozen, like a clock at the macarena, like you're suspended in time and space.
Even though ahead of time and the only reason you do it is because you're addicted to it,
you're hooked on it. Open line is droward to indeed. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile
one line. Preaching the, I'm preaching the masses out there. They don't want to hear
it because they like it. It's good. We want to hear you talk about food again. Come on,
more about that than in a split, about the Aurepa, about that flan with that slimy sugar
coated crap on the bottom. I want to bang the end of the swatch. Okay.
Bill's a garden Monica.
The China. All right.
She lets out a giggle. When they make a wiggle, Monica is not the kind you can do in the
behind. She's gone and her. She's all mine.
Well, he don't know where a stove he goes. I can see how there was some confusion between
humor door and unit.
Horr. And then I can start the turn.
Cedar box means all her naked.
Stars reportedly to go in.
I could join a really good. My panties and a lot.
Nothing. He was working hard late nights in the over the office working on a practical
joke. He took my can noodle for an exploded. Loaded for mine. Go was blowing rings
up.
Bill's a garden Monica.
The China. She lets out a giggle. Every time he makes a wiggle, Monica is not the kind you
can do in the behind. But I said, car and her. But China she's all mine.
Or people feel that Hillary's been made a fool of by a husband. Feel that Hillary was
wronged. Up in the Lincoln bedroom, she was born in. Born in our door was doing her with
a
Oh yeah.
What you got to do is take a tip of it all.
And put it in a brown.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
God, what an emotional thing. It's 115 at 560. So now that's a 13 year old kid that's
been in the hospital.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
That's a job I get needed, for school science to be good.
You've ridiculed me.
You've ridiculed me.
You've ridiculed me.
That's a job of applying forals, which would be to fish out
9-5-4-938-1101.
9-3-8-1101.
The programs are set up to help patients of all ages who need assistance dealing with HMO
and health care professionals who have trouble getting quality health care for their HMO patients.
Data collected from complaints from the programs will be sent to the Florida Medical Association
Statewide Central Registry to try to clean up the mess.
And it is a mess.
Okay, thank you very much.
What does that say?
Ragname on the air again?
Did I rag on him on the air?
Do you see this note?
What did I do?
I thought I'd get through to him.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I think it's tough.
About being fat.
Well, that's not ragged on you.
That's trying to save your life like I did a couple of years ago when I inspired you
to get back on the ECONS 4 or 5 years ago and you lost all that weight and you looked
so great.
Yesterday, you admittedly were Pudgey again, Dr. Mark.
And you were a great guy and a tremendous doctor and a superhuman D. And I don't want you
to croak on me until I'm ready to go out of town.
Then after that, well, no, he's a good guy.
Oh, here's what's all this other stuff.
How about that white count?
Why don't you have white blood cell count?
Where is it?
Where the hell is it on here already?
The doc, oh, here it is, 9.1.
That's normal.
So if I had like some raging infection, if my body was spitting, you know what I'm saying?
I got a little tiny touch of the intestinal something here and already I'm starting to get
a hypokondriac attitude again like I was when I had that pill doctor.
That is really pill doctor syndrome.
He was a real beauty.
Oh, you got a cold.
Let's take an EKG.
Oh, you got a hang nail EKG.
Just happens to be a cardiologist, by the way.
Oh, here's a call in the grove, no less.
Hello.
Hey, what's up, Neil?
A couple things.
First of all, I think one of the reasons you get a lot of chronic, because this is one of
the first couple of times I call, is because it's like I've been on hold for like 20 minutes.
Fortunately, I had a long drive.
Eight minutes and 28 seconds.
All right.
So fortunately I had a long drive from Hollywood to Coggan and Grove, but that's why you get
a lot of chronic, because unless you're at the end of the car, nobody else is going to wait
20 minutes unless they're a father.
Sure they are.
Sure they are.
In any event, I think that most of the people who lose sound are got a life.
No.
They got nothing else going on.
Anyway, the color reasons I called one that last day kind of stole my thunder.
My parents actually adopted some holly dogs.
They're great dogs.
Right.
And they really do.
They have problems sitting down.
You have to buy them little foam things so they can lie down.
Because they can't lie down on tile.
But other than that, they really are.
They can't lie down on tile?
Yeah.
They're very, they can't sit down.
They have to like, it's very hard for them.
Like when they're on tile, you know, in order for them to slip and slide.
It's not of these slip and slide.
It's the way they're constructed or perhaps because they've been racing their whole lives.
I don't know exactly why, but you need to buy them a little foam rubber thing that they
can sleep on.
So they can hang their breakfast on it, yeah.
I guess so.
A couple of the last few months.
A lot of our audience, you got a foam rubber thing that they've been sitting on.
Another thing also is that I was listening to about 10 minutes before and I still haven't
figured out your point on sugar because even though sugar may cause a lot of problems,
it's not the same as smoking, which sends people while you're doing it.
I mean, if you eat a lot of sugar and you want to go crazy, that's your own paragot
but if you want to smoke in a public place and somebody else can get cancer.
So that's the reason why there's so much concern over that.
Yeah, but the big to do with the tobacco industry isn't just about smoking in a public place.
It's about encouraging teenagers to smoke and about suing the tobacco companies and like
this is the most evil thing that came down the pike.
And I'm not suggesting that smoke and cigarettes is good for it.
I have to be an idiot to say that.
Of course, it causes cancer and kills people, but I personally don't believe there's any
comparison between the amount of illness and the number of deaths with tobacco and the
sugar and the refined carbohydrates that the government says, oh, this is perfectly
good.
It's fine for you.
No problem.
I think the FDA is the FDA allows murder in this country every day.
But I think if you notice there isn't that much of a concern over killing tobacco and I think
the reason is I think anyone, you know, is because people don't want to be smoked around.
Yeah, they could cause you the spit in your pus.
I mean, so that's the thing.
I mean, if you notice there isn't a high concern over killing tobacco, they don't keep
raising the taxes on showing tobacco.
The major concern is between your cheek and gum and that's the, and the truth is the
cigar is a hinder.
It's a hinder.
You know, really that big of a concern either because people don't smoke it.
People don't inhale cigars number one and number two unless they're an idiot.
They don't change smoke and like they do cigarettes.
So it's a different ball game.
Right.
So the point is that I think the cigarettes have been attacked because not only is it
cancerous.
So that's the great thing to, you know, to jump onto, but it also annoys people.
Yeah.
Put those two combination.
Well, let me ask you something.
Aren't you annoyed when you see a big, a bunch of big fat, tubby people walking like
in a shopping mall?
I'm not talking like me, you know, I'm talking big fat, three, four hundred pound people.
Isn't that annoying?
Well, I think it's annoying.
But it's not hazardous.
It's not hazardous.
It's not hazardous.
Well, maybe it's hazardous to your mental health.
It's a fed, aesthetically, this pleasing.
Oh, okay.
I'm sorry.
I don't have my friends in a grove, okay?
All right.
It won't take long.
Okay.
We have an open line in the day five, six, seven, oh five, fifty pound.
They hate me in the grove.
I really haven't figured out why.
Probably they're hanging out of Jack Campbell's house, you know, doing all those body
doters.
Yeah.
So I'm looking at my blood test results here and they look okay.
And I just go on there, Dr. Mark, and I was not racking on you one ear.
I talked to everybody about what a great doctor you are.
Man, I'll tell you, you've got a good doctor.
You hang on to him for, like, you know what I'm saying?
Real strong.
Don't let him go.
Don't let him get away because finding a good doctor, especially in this town, where
we have all these clacks that prey on old people, undespriced, stupid old people.
That's what Florida is all about.
It's about clacks that prey on the desperate, the old, the stupid, the superstitious, the
illegal aliens, combination of all of the above.
Anybody want to buy a copper bracelet?
Here's the mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how about some magnets for your feet?
Yes, sir.
Hey, I wanted to call on to thank you very much for talking about the flight of these
gray hounds.
One of the things that I recently learned and my wife and I have tried to do our best
is that cost are in gamble and Kimberly Clark torture millions of dogs and cats every
year just to test their products.
Every time you brush your teeth with crest, every time you wipe your back.
When you brush your teeth with crest?
Yeah, with crest.
Every time you blow your nose with clean X, every time you wash your clothes.
Every time you wash your rectum with clean X, yeah.
Basically, you're supporting companies that are torturing animals.
Really?
Because they're doing animal research?
They test their products for animals.
Yeah, good.
Okay, well that's more important.
See, I'm not talking about that.
See, I knew if I brought this up, no, I don't agree with him, okay?
Animal research, it depends on what we're talking about.
But if it gets off of it with tangent, now we're going to get all the tree huggers in
the animal, the hysterical people, and oh my god, those poor little mice and those rodents,
I'll cut the crap with this already.
I mean, once you stand there, that's one of the reasons that this doesn't get anywhere
is because you got the people like him that are often such a wild jag on this thing and
he wants me to jump on a bad one.
I like Mr. Whipple, okay?
If I want to wipe my rectum, it's charming.
I'll do it, okay?
In fact, if they want to experiment, I got a great little dog that would be a dynamite
for their experiment.
Oh, oh god.
How about sticking a foot off his rectum?
The right to change his altitude, huh?
Man, just a tiny teeny bit.
I'm talking about the one thing here.
I don't want to get into a whole jewel given thing and start chewing on tree bark, okay?
And I don't care what anybody says.
And I know the other guy from the grove, he's a good guy and he made a good point about
the tobacco.
But god damn it, sugar is killing us, man.
And nobody is talking about it.
You're a government that's so worried about the president in a few blow jobs.
You're a government up there.
They do it on God damn thing about it.
In fact, take a look at that.
Take a look at that Gerald Nadler there from New York, that Congressman with a, it looks
like something from a side show.
You know those things where you put your head through and they super, we put your head
off.
That's what he looks like.
It looks like there's a phony head on a different body that Nadler guy.
He's got fat in places that's illegal in most states.
He's lucky if they don't let him out of New York.
They throw his ass in a who's go.
Whatever that is.
And they're standing up there pontificating.
Oh, did she stick it in here and what kind of cigar was it?
Was it moist?
Was it, yeah, gook hairs.
They're killing us with their sugar and the low fat lie.
They're killing you people by the millions and you're stuck in the, oh, I love that snack
while they're delicious.
Yeah, well, why not forget about the snack while you want delicious.
Go out and get a guy there, but anisble it, okay?
This bull crap about fat kills.
Oh, it's got, it like that spot for Burger King about how many fewer grams?
The fat it's got teeth, those crappy sub sandwiches.
I'm not going to mention the name of the place.
You know what I'm talking about?
Have you seen those spots?
Oh, well, the whoppers got so many grams of fat.
Fat doesn't kill.
Refine carbohydrates kill people, okay?
Every goddamn day dietary fat doesn't make you fat.
It's a lie.
It's a goddamn lie, okay?
So if you want to eat snack wells because they taste good, taste the loot, okay?
Go have a good time.
But if you want to eat them because they're low in fat and you're not going to get any
what you're getting fat or in bigger just like I am like a big tub of lard with the
lives of American commerce, that's only interested in making a fat buck with all their
shelf life oriented chemical laden crap that they keep peddling us people.
And is there anybody in congress that's got the balls to take them on?
No.
No, absolutely not.
They're all up there to a fucker contest to see who's bigger, Ted Kennedy or Gerald
Nadler, okay?
Poor Ted Kennedy.
He's another one.
He's like a phony head on a huge enormous.
He doesn't have plenty of chin.
He doesn't have any chin because there's no room for a chin because his puppet comes
up to his chin.
26 after one.
In fact, if he would have had that body back poor watcher name would still be alive.
They're a Mary Jane compact.
She'd still be alive because he would at least he wouldn't have been able to even if
he was drunk.
His head would have been straight ahead.
He couldn't have moved it.
He would have stayed on the road there at Chapacquittic.
If he would have been that fat back then.
27 after one is five sixty.
I mean, the test results for me here all look great.
I mean, while I feel flushed, maybe because I'm getting all worked up to a frenzy here
because I'm trying to make a little bit of goddamn sense and an otherwise mediocre crappy
medium where people come on here and keep reading that goddamn stock numbers off the
TV.
Any asshole can do that, Rick.
Oh.
No, seriously, why does he do that?
Why is he, where did that come from?
He never used to do that back when they were like almost listable.
He never used to do that.
He got some money.
Well, you know, something's fine.
Go, I hope you make millions, okay?
Maybe you'll share it with me, but I doubt it.
I hope you make a lot of wish you nothing but the best, but we don't want to hear about
it.
Neil.
God.
He served the search warrant on me which allowed them to view and photograph my body including
my penis, my buttocks, my lower torso, thighs and any other error that they wanted.
Oh, they were young and didn't know when I touched them back that I couldn't make it
grow.
Oh, man, this is really a bummer.
All I did was get myself a bummer.
Oh, they, we got their names.
We got their names.
These charges they are really names.
I've never seen McCallley Colt in Danes.
Hillary is real.
It's human, but hey, it leads to things are bang for human.
One day we got their names.
I have flowers.
They're the growth in the colony.
You drop this up day after day.
The charges they grow that in a parking lot, I got the ratio.
Just let me sleep with one more kid.
I promise not to repeat what I did.
A minute, deep mess, but what the hey, at least nobody out there thinks I'm gay.
We got their names.
We got their names.
We got their names.
We got their names.
We got their names.
One moment, please.
All you dropped all the CDs.
Why?
I just dropped all this crap on the floor looking for something back there.
God, talk about sure to breath and fat and not to shave.
We're going to whip this.
That's our resolution for the revolution.
We're going to whip ourselves back and to shave this year.
No.
Let's just talk about it.
Let's talk about it over a nice banana split.
So anyway, somebody faxes me the papers here.
Hollywood's Greyhound adoption.
There's a phone number.
It says they need volunteers and they have a whole bunch.
I'm sure lots and lots of Greyhounds to be adopted.
If you don't want these animals put to death because that's what they do.
That's what these wonderful dog racing people do.
9.544, 9257758 is the phone number.
9.544, 9257758.
And a lot of people are going to lie to you.
It's, oh, this doesn't go on.
It does go on.
I'm not saying that everybody who's involved in the dog racing industry are bad people.
I've talked about this 5,000 times over the years.
But because I did hear this thing the other night.
And the fact that it is still going on.
It's God.
It's God of stop.
Somebody's got to step in and protect the God and a Greyhounds.
Here's a mobile in the Gable.
Hello.
Hello, I'm Gleo.
Yes.
How are you?
Okay.
Oh, you're sound fine with your test.
Yes.
I'm really good.
The Dow is up 110 in the Nasdaq 33.
I don't care.
And neither does anybody else.
Well, I want to thank you for speaking the truth.
And I also want to tell you all this talk about food.
I just need to remind you that arreta is a crime.
That's true.
And by the way, I've taken my ties in that a couple of years ago.
Well, yeah, he doesn't listen anyway.
He doesn't understand that.
He doesn't go anyway.
By the way, I've been holding for 20 minutes.
I got a can't.
I got a can't sure.
It's growth in my head now.
The size of a quake fruit.
Thank you for you.
You're welcome.
I'll be the doctor.
I'll send you the bill.
Okay.
Okay.
Dr. Mark, he'll take care of you.
We have an open line in Broward.
5,6,7,0,5,6,6,7,0,5,6,6,7,0.
Let's take a look more.
How about my creatinine and my bun, huh?
My BUN.
What is that, by the way?
What does that mean?
I don't know.
But you always see it.
Don't you get said ever?
Have your blood tested?
Nothing.
Years.
Well, what kind of a stick are you anyway?
You are more on?
I'm a healthy stick.
Oh, yeah.
You're real healthy.
You're sick like constantly.
That is so untrue.
They didn't know it's not untrue.
You're not sick as much as the other state.
And you think we have to be healthy?
Yeah.
By the way, we got a sue there, as you know.
I think that we're aging much more rapidly.
And I think we got a sue cocks broadcasting.
Just for the hell of it.
Just to join in, Brian Coxner.
OK, everybody else who is them?
Why not?
Of course, over here, we're busy suing somebody else.
But by the way, we're not discussing that on this show.
I just mentioned that since it's in the papers.
And have we had any calls about that?
Even one?
No.
Good, because we're not discussing it.
But of course, BUN will be talking baseball.
Oh, man.
You talk about a guy with the orange hair being
in a real delicate position.
Here's Naples.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
We just a panel by dogs, man.
Meaning what?
Who cares if they get killed, you know?
Greyhound, wow.
We'll do something big to you.
And what about you?
What do you care about?
I don't care about anything.
Yeah, and that sounds like it.
OK, well listen, I hope you have a good time.
You're in a perfect place.
We got another call in Naples, too, in a row.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Was that one of your neighbors, sir?
I don't know, but that's a real asshole to me.
It's possible.
I just call it a find out.
What are we so worried about with the sugar and stuff?
What does that mean?
What do you mean what are we?
Obviously, you're not.
In other words, you don't care.
If you don't care, you're going to croak in a really
depth and find more power, too.
I'll bring your flowers.
But I want to ask you a question.
I'm listening.
What is so great about getting up in the morning
and going and doing all the crap we do every day?
What's, you know, why bother keeping things going for that?
I also don't understand.
In other words, you're like the last guy.
You don't care about dogs or yourself.
So I'm going.
By the way, here's another one for you.
Let me get you a present little late for Christmas.
That's for New Year's, OK?
Well, there you go.
There's two great winners back to back in Naples.
That's the first time in history to show we ever had two calls
from Naples.
We killed two turd with one bullet, OK?
I bet you're all inspected, be proud of that.
Just on his ugly push on there, a little while ago,
and see it in the end saying,
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Yeah, he's still looking for the bullet on that stretcher.
The magic bullet.
Oh, here's Dr. Mark, who hopefully will never
go to Naples after those two calls.
Well, I don't really have anything too funny to say.
I just went to Colin and thank you
for the support for the HMO thing.
Yeah.
And I apologize for writing down a Uiragon on me,
but that's what people told me this morning.
So I had to go down.
And you believe those sick ones, your patients are sick.
So obviously, you should know that up front.
Well, most of my patients are my friends, too.
So I thought they were warning me or advising me, whatever.
I said nothing but exactly marvelous things.
You should only have 100 people touting you like I touting you.
I heard them.
Listen, Neil, I know what you just said is worth the million dollars.
That's right.
But it's funny because you and I both predicted what the conversation for today
was going to be, you know, you don't need me.
It was pretty funny.
I mean, you spoke my words even before I did it at the end of the day.
Whatever happened, you didn't get the rest of this stuff about my
Align Disease test?
That'll be a couple days.
Oh, not the best of the time.
They've got done in batches every couple days.
If I had anything like that, my blood count would be elevated.
It would be a little abnormal, yeah, but not necessarily.
So we'll just get that out of the way.
And then we do that.
It would really stimulate some controversy for you.
What?
Yeah.
I have one online.
The computer doesn't prove anything either.
Then we'll do a spinal tap and everything else.
Yeah, that sounds good right out here.
You can come over here and go like you did with that other time.
We'll do a spinal tap right in the end.
You know, full.
Well, I'm a minimalist.
I only do what I would do for my own mother or my daughter and only what needs to be done.
And I want a gray hound.
Do you?
Absolutely.
I mean, they're great dogs.
They're so exquisite.
And actually what they'll do is they'll also inspire me to lose weight.
Yeah.
You go out and run around with the graph.
I do run around the track with it.
I didn't mention it yesterday because I was in a good patient care focus mood.
But I went back on that kind yesterday, literally.
And I'm not going to say it the first day.
Was that before or after I came in?
Before.
Oh, yeah, I had made the decision several days ago.
It's kind of like guys who quit smoking.
They have to plan it a few days in advance and then kind of kept it.
You kept the weight off for a long time.
Yeah.
I was real good for a year.
And actually, it was thanks to you that I went back on it again.
I've mentioned that many times.
I know that.
We have the mutual self aggrandizement club.
But also, like I said yesterday, I wish that Dr. Bob would give us the secret for how
to keep the weight off after you go off the ass.
You can't go off.
But that's how I'm worn.
Everybody always, it's the best diet as far as working and the worst diet as far as
you gain it back so fast that when you go off of it, I mean, if you're planning on
going off of it, good luck to you because you gain it back in an attempt the time that
it takes to lose it.
Exactly.
There seems to be some kind of thermostat or fatostat, I guess it is, in your body somewhere.
You're just designed to be a certain weight.
It's just a struggle to keep it off.
Yeah.
Wasn't there a movie the other day where somebody said, oh, there's people who were born
to be fat and people who became fat as they went along?
You didn't see that.
I know I've heard that medically also, but I thought I heard it on TV the other day.
Yeah, I think it was Rosanne.
Could be.
Well, Rosio Donald has so many of your callers say, Neil, I thank you, but I'm out of material.
Okay, Mark.
Okay.
Thanks.
There's Dr. Mark great guy, even though he's getting pretty fat.
We have an open line that's powered to a date five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the mobile one line.
It's 140 at QM.
Hank returns it to today.
We got the Booster with six pocket base ball, not Marlon's probably and then the game.
Panthers and the Phoenix, whatever they're doing.
What the hell are they?
The coyotes?
I don't know.
We're talking about dogs today.
I can't remember the coyotes.
That's pretty bad.
Neil, well, sorry about that.
Those Western conference teams, man.
How about those maple leaves, baby?
I want to call on that down three, nothing down three to one down four to two and a tie it up in the third period
And then because of a bad call by the referee, they didn't call it penalty too bad.
We get the winning goal there.
I thought Fredrick Modini got his body to get into that.
What an unbelievable comeback by my maple leaves on their kick in some serious ass.
She's got back in the church.
You love to miss Fraser on cheers.
You cherished him as Fraser on
Fraser now 17 time any winning and 38 time Betty Ford residing Kelsey grammar is delving into uncharted territory with Kelsey grammar things very white.
If you don't mind my thing, so I feel that your love for exceed that which I can get enough of.
Or so as not to conclude by thoughts with the proposition as it were of your love.
I cannot get enough.
Not since William Shanders Lucy in the sky with diamonds and Pat Boone's tutti fruity had there been such a torrid juxtaposition of an Anglo oriented song stylist interpreting otherwise enjoyable soulful melodic renderings.
Pardon me, ma'am, but when would be a convenient time for you and I to get it on?
Yeah, my mojo is working.
I think it is.
Plus if you act now we'll throw in at some additional charge a free bonus track of Mr. Grammers stirring windation of ice case shaft.
Would you happen to be privy to the knowledge of who that African American tech divos for whom many of the young ladies have.
Amorous feelings. Oh, yeah.
You're done.
Toot me.
So get Kelsey grammar things very white.
He makes very white very white.
Oh, I really got my book a little work and now.
Watch me work.
146 and 560 WK.
I'm filling home state says on fax your creatine and but our kidney function test usually elevated and severe diabetic.
Oi.
Look at that.
My bun is beautiful.
Normal is 0.5 to 1.5 minus 1.1 better in the stock market numbers.
My creatine which means you're a Creighton if you got the two high of a number.
Normal is oh, that no, I got a backwards.
Bun normal is 9 to 27 minus 14.
Wipes max dab in the middle stuck in the middle with you almost every one of these things stuck in the middle except those cholesterol.
Little bit high.
You don't want to know why don't you?
Well, you already know why the cholesterol is high too much.
That's right.
Too much sugar, baby.
Cholesterol is even with the medication.
Even with that protocol it's 214 and the LDL the bad cholesterol should be under 130.
It's 148.
That means better cut the crap sweetheart.
And the HDL which is like well, I'm not going to exercise.
You better get on that guy day and beautiful exercise bike that George bought you for birthday.
You've been on it lately.
No.
Well, I haven't been feeling the you know what?
You can exercise it if you like.
Yeah, when you have this little warm thing, we have a warm spot.
Here's a Helen Dale.
Hello.
Hey hypocrite.
You're golden retrievers.
He don't have blow it out your ass.
Okay.
hypocrite.
Yeah, blow it out.
You're a big big fat.
Blackdum.
Okay.
Go talk to Sunny Rosenberg.
Go big.
Give a big kiss for us.
Okay.
Right on his bald spot.
Two open lines in the day five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the mobile one line.
You wouldn't know my golden retriever from your rectum.
By the way, he's 10 times the creature that you'll ever be.
Here's a lady in Del Rey.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes ma'am.
Hi Neil.
My name is Carolyn and I'm with Greyhound.
Head to America.
Yeah.
For anyone else, they're interested in adopting a retired racing greyhound.
Yes.
We have a national 800 number.
Okay.
Even good over in Naples.
Even in Naples where there are like more.
In Naples.
You don't seem to care about anybody or anything.
We do get to probably why they're there.
Yes.
We do get selected.
You know who those people probably were.
They were probably from the don't they have a dog track over their Naples.
Yes, they do.
Ah yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
One 800.
It's one 800.
Three six six one four seven two.
And when we do get calls that are down around the holly dogs,
we do send them there.
Okay.
So we're now trying to
take from one area and put in another.
Right.
One 800.
Three six six 1472.
Yes, sir.
Got it.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
Bye bye.
Yeah, probably, you know, get calls from the dog track people.
Oh, yeah.
You were that I told you we don't care about dogs.
Yeah, right.
Okay.
Great.
What's obvious?
You know, that's why we're talking about it.
We have an open line in Broward to and date five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in four Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi, Neil.
This is Brent from a four-lotted.
I wanted to ask you what you got your information on the
the sugar and the fat thing.
What do you mean where did I get my information?
Well, what does that mean?
Well, I'm just asking where you got your information because
what information are you talking about about the low fat thing being a fraud?
What I'm saying is that
No, no, let me see.
Let me see it again.
What information?
Yeah, yeah, let's have a conversation see because it's a bunch of nine
sequitres.
You said I'd like to know where you got your information.
What information specifically what are you talking about?
Okay, well, your saying sugar is the worst thing.
It's worse than like fat.
Dietary fat.
And absolutely.
And the action diet.
Dr. Burntine, they wrote the best book on diabetes.
I read dozens of books and they all say the same thing.
And my doctor will tell you the same thing.
Well, I mean, anything that I've ever read.
Dietary fat alone does not make you fat.
There is absolutely no way in the world that dietary fat makes you fat.
Well, it's combined with a lot of refined carbohydrates.
Okay, there's in my experience and I have been on the action diet.
Yeah.
And I've tried also and I didn't wait on it.
I will I will say that I didn't include on the action diet.
And why not then?
Even though you read as you asked because you cut down the sugar.
And you eat your dietary fat like a lot of red meat?
Sure.
Yeah.
And you still lost weight.
Well, how is that possible if you don't believe what you just said?
You're arguing with yourself.
But listen to me for a second.
The thing is that I did try a diet that essentially cut out the fat.
But the sugar you could still eat the sugar.
And frankly, I think I it was easier to keep the weight off.
Yeah.
Because like you said earlier, you sort of bloomed back up.
You got off the action diet.
You went back up.
And it was much easier to maintain.
This was a low fat diet?
Yeah, it's a low fat diet.
Obviously you can't go out and eat, you know, it's kind of sugar.
But it is basically what you're looking at is just cutting out the fat
and not the concentrating on the refined sugar.
All of it I agree.
I think in our society in particular, we wait too much for refined sugar.
But I think that refined carbohydrates, I know this is boring as hell to the audience,
refined carbohydrates, pasta, rice, any refined carbohydrates, your body turns them
into sugar almost immediately and that's why you're fat.
Not to show it itself, but refined carbohydrates of which sugar is one.
Right, right.
Sugar, let me ask you this, let me ask you this, sugar a natural product that exists in the refined form
anywhere in nature.
Is it a refined form?
No, it doesn't exist.
It does exist.
For vegetables and a lot of things that we use that are good for you in many other ways.
I must have diabetes.
Do you know anything about diabetes?
Yeah, my grandmother was diabetic.
Yeah, do you know anything about it?
I would say a little.
Are you aware that fruit sugar is just equally as bad as refined sugar for most
diabetics, including myself?
Are you aware of that?
I, that's what sugar stimulates, huh?
I mean, you need sugar as well as a diabetic to maintain your,
you know, you know, I do not know.
You do not know.
The sugar doesn't maintain, sure, you know, nothing.
You have no, what am I talking to this man for?
Am I some kind of an idiot?
I'm some kind of an ambassador.
Here's a man, well, his grandmother had this and he, uh, he was out of diet for a little while
and he's asking me where I got my information.
From reading, from reading from people I've done research, for reading about studies,
from reading about people I know what they're talking about.
Not from just some guy that calls and gives me a song to dance and refuses to have a
clear conversation.
Does he know anything about diabetes?
No.
You don't need sugar, sir.
Wrong, zero.
None.
Nada.
Do you need fruit?
Wrong, none.
Read Doctor of the Diabetes Solution by Dr. Richard Bernstein, okay?
A man who treated his own diabetes and became as an adult,
studied to become a medical doctor, which he did and is probably one of the foremost
authorities in the world on diabetes and knows what he's talking about.
And the diet he recommends is almost identical to the adkins diet.
How do you like that, sir?
He says he has eaten a piece of fruit in 20 years and is health is perfect and his blood sugar is
perfect and he's no longer taking medication and he's no longer got diabetes.
The release of his blood sugar is normal as long as he eats the way he's eating.
How do you like that?
What a shock to you, sir.
But you keep eating the snack wells, you keep eating the low fat,
you keep getting sucked in with a bowl of crap as an excuse to keep eating all the sugar
because it tastes good because we're addicted to it.
I'm honest, you're full of crap.
That's the difference.
I'm fat but I'm honest and fat, you're just full of crap.
