Second, Charles.
The Neil Rogers Show.
The Neil Rogers Show.
The Neil Rogers Show.
The Neil Rogers Show.
The Neil Rogers Show.
The Neil Rogers Show.
The Neil Rogers Show.
The Neil Rogers Show.
The Neil Rogers Show.
The Neil Rogers Show.
The Neil Rogers Show.
The Neil Rogers Show.
The Neil Rogers Show.
The Neil Rogers Show.
The Neil Rogers Show.
The Neil Rogers Show.
The Neil Rogers Show.
The Neil Rogers Show.
The Neil Rogers Show.
The Neil Rogers Show.
The Neil Rogers Show.
The Neil Rogers Show.
The Neil Rogers Show.
Shubbos, put these up my ass.
Shubbos, put these up my ass.
All right.
I want the Rockins today to happen with one type of restraint.
Shubbos, put these up my ass.
Shubbos, put these up my ass.
I have appreciated it and who has been created with all the old ads.
Shubbos, put these up my ass.
Shubbos, put these up my ass.
You can't hardly get the help slide in there.
It's easier that way.
I had to ask my ex-girls to laugh.
So don't fool them out too bad.
First, you start out slowly and see that only when the less think about to be bought.
There you go.
There you go.
Boop.
Shubbos, put these up my ass.
Shubbos, put these up my ass.
But don't tell nobody if nothing is funny and laugh behind my back.
Shubbos, put these up my ass.
Shubbos, put these up my ass.
It should be okay.
What are eighting like leaving it to me?
Got Shubbos, put these up my ass.
Shubbos, put these up my ass.
Count all the black and gold or half the gold for the sad America's dens.
Boop.
Boop.
10 out of 2 at 5.60 WDQ.
I'm happy Tuesday too.
This is the first thing I find to hear this morning.
Open up the door, walk in, and here's a CD sitting on George's desk in there.
Brought to us by who?
Who brought this over?
Tony the Tiger.
Tony the Tiger from Power 96 brought this over.
Thank you so much, maybe.
Let me give you a little clue as to which CD this is.
Okay, that's you into the clue.
And then this morning in the newspapers, both in the Harold and the Sun sent in the lowest.
I mean, you talk about hype.
What have I been trying to tell?
All you kids out there, like Don Sherry always says, he says it too much by the way.
But let me say it again, all you people out there, if you could just get the hype machine behind you,
even if you have like marginal talent, even if you have like no talent,
even if you old points on the Richter scale, you can be big.
I would say like about this big.
Here's the Sun Sentinel, here's the Harold, Ricky Martin's crossover,
a cultural house of mirrors.
Albums Slick and Shallow, but timing is perfect.
And in the Harold that says Ricky Martin's de-latinized, but the sounds still slick.
It still slick and the sound too.
Well, by the way, for the guy that caught here yesterday about meeting a running into Ricky Martin at Liquid,
one night last week, which I found out he was there, but guess what, sir?
Everything else you said, you were full of crap.
I don't want to go into details, okay?
I don't want to say that he's a f***, but that's just the way it is.
Right from the horses.
That's just the way it is.
See what we have in the world, not just in America, but in the world.
We have this enormous number of young ladies falling head over heels in love.
I mean, passionately, obsessively with guys who they never possibly could touch,
no matter what they look like, no matter what the circumstances, no matter how much booze they pour down these guys' throats.
You know what I'm saying?
You follow what I'm trying to talk about?
The word is f***ing right.
Now, Sam, the Shamar promotion man walked in and saw the Ricky Martin CD sitting here,
which by the way, you think that after, I mean, this is how many Z-head.
He's had several CDs out now for five at least.
And this is like the plane, can you believe that?
The plane is looking, I mean, there's no imagination here.
It's just a picture of the newest incarnation of Ricky Martin looking like,
I don't know what the word is you would use.
Pretty?
Huh?
Well, no, seriously, I think that's a good question because Sam, the Sham came in here and he looked at it and said,
oh, he's a stud.
And I went, oh yeah.
He's a stud on the bottom of the list of studs.
I sat on the bottom of the list, I didn't say on the bottom.
God, you are bad, you really are.
I don't want to say he's a f***ing.
So, okay, that's our poll question today.
If you could pick one word to describe Ricky Martin, in fact, I waited generally speaking.
I'm sure that most guys out there, especially straight guys, don't want to be called pretty or beautiful or cute.
That may be cute, huh?
Handsome, everybody would like to be called handsome.
And everybody would like to be called a stud.
But if you were to pick one word that would describe Ricky Martin, okay, here's the poll question.
Listen carefully to the choices, I'm not going to be repeating them, okay?
Which word would it be?
Because he is hotter than a pistol.
He's hotter than jungle juice in the Bavaria.
I mean, he is just smoldering.
Because the hype since that Grammy Awards man, there's no holding him back.
And since all that BS about, he had the big smooching thing backstage with Madonna.
Does anybody believe that?
I mean, he is just hotter than hell.
Harder than hell.
Okay, here's the choice of words.
If you were to come up with one word to describe you, what you feel about Ricky Martin is he pretty, handsome, cute, beautiful,
stud or Maricone.
Which of those words would you use?
What are you laughing about?
I'm giving them several good choices, okay?
Come on, let's do a real quick go run down here.
Ricky Martin, he's hotter than hell.
Even the deadbeat to this audience, know who that is.
He's been hanging around for years since way back in Manudo in general hospital.
56670560, 0560 on a mobile one line.
Let's hear it.
One word.
WQAM, hello.
QAM?
Yes.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I think Ricky Martin is Maricone.
Okay, thank you.
Now keep tracking these boats, okay?
Oh god, that's bad.
That's bad.
You people are bad, okay?
Are you saying he's a f***?
How what you're saying?
WQAM?
WQAM?
Yeah, Ricky Martin.
Maricone.
WQAM?
Maricone.
Okay.
Boy, so far.
You know this audience usually they can't agree on what time of day it is, you know what?
But so far, they seem to have it together.
WQAM?
Yeah, I can't talk to Neil.
Speaking.
Neil.
Yes.
Pretty.
Pretty.
Okay, there's one for pretty.
Pretty, um, f***.
WQAM.
Maricone.
WQAM.
I think so.
WQAM.
Hello.
WQAM on a mobile here and they couldn't get it out.
WQAM.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hello.
Uh, Money Cone.
Now, he said, Marty Cone.
Okay, remember are my old friend, Marty Cone?
The harness racing guy, he's been dead for a few years.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
Come on, let's hear it for Ricky.
He's hot.
Let's get with the program, baby.
Let's get in the swing at them.
No.
Come on.
Give it to Ricky.
I was any believe, buddy, believe that Ricky's gone from the bottom to the top?
No.
WQAM.
Speaking, Neil, please.
Speaking.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Ricky, what is, uh, Maricone.
Thank you, sir.
Okay, the votes are pretty strong.
WQAM.
Hello.
Very pretty.
Very pretty.
Okay, very pretty.
Notice the way he said that?
Very pretty.
Ethan, very.
WQAM.
Hello.
Good ass hole.
Okay, he's an asshole.
He's an asshole.
I'm vote for he's an asshole.
Okay, this is good.
We got it.
This audience is whipped up.
They're fired up and pissed off about this.
Because they can't figure out how come this guy is making all of this money.
We probably got people in this audience right now, can sing better than he can.
I can sing better than he can, and I can't sing two notes.
Huh?
No.
WQAM.
Maricone.
Oh, that was my favorite of all time.
I got goosebumps the way he said that.
Thank you.
Okay, thank you.
Thank you so much.
WQAM.
Yeah, let me back to Neil.
Speaking, sir.
What is it?
It's man's speaking with Neil.
Speaking.
This is me.
This is Neil.
This is me.
I think that Ricki Monique.
Maricone.
We bonito.
Okay.
One of each.
Oh.
Okay, well, we'll continue this in a second.
I think this is very important.
I mean, we try to get into the time we stuff.
Okay.
I got my letter from the Panthers.
My thing yesterday.
Do I want my seats again?
Got to find out how where I can buy a CD burner.
What do they call those things, by the way?
The CD and the DVD.
What do they call them?
Recorder.
Recorder.
I want to find out how much they are working.
I could go to Gary Sarner now and check on that.
But after that other episode, you know something.
Gary Sarner is misunderstood.
You're wrong.
I mean, you always say.
He's an asshole.
But he's okay in his own bizarre way.
Especially compared to some of the people he brought in here.
I think that's why he brought him in.
Ten minutes past ten at five sixty WQAM.
If you use a cell phone or you're thinking about getting one,
mobile one has got an offer you don't want to pass up.
Mobile one is offering the new Ericsson digital cell phone,
which is slicker and smaller than the most phones.
Value it at $199.
But it can be yours for free.
That's Florida's favorite word, free.
For a limited time with this mobile one offer,
you can afford that cell phone.
Even if it's the second phone for the family,
listen to this all-in-one cell pack.
You get for the incredible price of only $0.99 today.
You get the free Ericsson digital cell phone.
You get unlimited free calling nights and weekends.
Thirty free monthly peak minutes of calls.
Call a ride.
D free-floor to roaming.
Free detailed billing.
All of these things for just $0.99 today.
Call mobile one today and check it out.
Call 1-800-FONE-M1.
That's with a pH.
It's only from mobile one and for limited time only.
So do it today.
Call 1-800-FONE-M1.
I don't have to grow up.
I'm a Dunzer-Up kid.
I can always feel myself for something that I did.
It's gonna be cool when I kill everyone at school.
My dad said it's okay.
I'm extra-sized my right.
That's my we M-R-A.
That lets me be a Dunzer-Up kid.
She's the Gunzer-Up kid.
I told him how to shoot.
Well, he really loves the side of what?
No way that guy in the cute.
I'm a homo-side.
I'm not so red-snack with the side on the internet.
I'm a lifetime member of the NRA.
That's why I raise the Gunzer-Up kid.
Here son.
Oh boy, I'm quick as a my gun.
I'm glad that for a Gunzer-Up kid.
10-14-560 WQM.
Happy Tuesday.
We got thank-hole, but we're showing it to a clock.
Wait till you find out who's doing Hank's show on Thursday, by the way.
Do I dare say it on a year now?
Do I dare even mention it?
Because this is the cheapest ass outfit.
And because I guess they just don't have anybody.
It's what it boils down to.
Let me give you a little clue who it's gonna be, okay?
Bill Zimper and I said to Bluff Lindsay this morning when he brought the schedule.
I said, what's he gonna be doing here?
He said he's not.
He's gonna be doing it on the ISDN again from Philadelphia.
So just like the last time you filled in a few months ago,
you can call it and make up all kinds of stuff.
He won't have any idea what you're talking about.
Because he's up there.
He has no idea what's going on in sports or anything else down here.
Huh?
Oh yeah, I mean, I think that's what we deserve.
We ought to get nailed for that.
Putting that piece of crap on the air from up there in Philly.
And when you talk to Bill Zimper by the way and through,
they ask him, you know, how come he sounds so enthusiastic on a dolphin game?
It's because a lot of space in these different dolphin fans in every other sport,
which we all know.
Another carpet bagger.
W-D-Q-I-M.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Ricky Martin.
Marie Kuhn-Epalaia.
Okay.
Haha.
Oh.
W-D-Q-I-M.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
Who's this, Neil?
Yes, sir.
Okay, Neil.
Ricky Martin.
It's una loca.
Una loca.
What happened, Ricky?
Oh.
Haha.
I thought he was going to strike through this in the year, then.
Oh, yeah.
Living my feet in and my boat down.
It is in.
This is the fish gun.
Black caston.
Blue and blue.
Dog.
Blackhead.
Green.
Dog.
Or is it living my feet in the hole?
I don't know.
Blackhead.
Is it the fish gun?
The fish gun?
He is the fish gun.
How do they wind ears on?
remembers when you left.
mustnle isn't being what?
Who's counting the promised land?
There is little order to impress you.
Please land bret, baby.
Oh, don't say there must be something to do because those port of records of the pee
Starts with the pee like penga. No
Give me another clue
Oh
Like a see is what you're saying. Okay. Oh
Well, I would I mean that's going a little bit too far. Don't you think? No
Oh
I'm proud
WQA and hello, Neil yes sir
Ricky Martin as
Nicole and Van Dejo okay, thank you WQA and hello
Neil we finally got something that these bastards can relate to yes sir
Ricky Martin is a big boy wrong and Maricone too
Oh
Okay, sir calm down put it away zip it up
Boomerone
Uh, M. Maricone
WQA M
Oh, right wow
man
Like he said beach is never he said WQA M
Oh, that must be the guy from liquid that just called again
Now he now he's all enthused but I didn't I never said I'm just asking this is a pull question in case you'd do an interlate
It because he's so hot there articles about him and even in newspapers that haven't been uh it printed yet
Ricky Martin all of a sudden out of nowhere. He just uh sprung on us like a big god damn bad surprise
And so I you know everybody's got a different adjectives Sam the sham our promotions man who of course, uh, you know
Andrew Kudan in junior he says he's a stud to which I said
Oh, yeah
When I think of the word stud rhymes with putt and then it's a pretty handsome cute beautiful or Maricone
So far we got 15 Maricone yeah 15 Maricones three pretties. Yeah and one asshole and one uh
He's an asshole
Okay, you got one asshole 15 Maricones boy it sounds like the beginning of a hot time
Oh wow
WQA M
Hi, yes sir morning. I would like to comment this
Neil Roger go right ahead sir. I'm listening
Okay
Hello Ricky Martin about Ricky Martin. Yes
Yes, good thing. Yeah, cute handsome and stud
Cute handsome and stud all right there you go that must have been from a Maricone WQA and hello
Ricky Martin
Haha
What was it what do you say it don't even say it whatever it was most of the most too dirty to translate on here
No, it was great. What's it good? What do you say?
He puts the lotion on his ass. Oh, no
Are you that's what this guy said it puts the lotion in the back them
Oh, no, he didn't really say that say let's try it again. It puts the lotion in the back them
That was bad
Okay, where we going this is bad. I mean, you know, he's a hotter than hell
We don't want to pee on his parade or anything else that he's got
But I think it's time to bring everything back in a perspective a little bit
Especially with our local writers and these two newspapers. You're just hyper ventilating
By the way doing that huchi kuchi. Maybe it's the music of course
Because that's really what it is. It's like they got to call yesterday. Oh, he's like a cross between Elvis and Tom Jones
No, no
No
No
No, no
What kind of an album is it by the way? He got the Spanish version and English version and this
Like it's the most album
When you got limited amount of material, I guess you can put any kind of crap out you want
Okay, here's Ricky grinking from the cup of life
Who's learning this? What was the world's best?
Gorge Gorge
See if he could sing it would be different, but he can't sing a lick that's the problem
He just you know, I mean he's okay never still afraid. He's a good guy. I wish him nothing but the greatest success
WQ I am hello
Hi on the mobile Miami. Yes sir speaking
Hi, uh ugly and he reminds me of Wayne with those crater faces
Okay
When you can you say he's got a crater plus WQ I am hello
WQ I am
Yes, sir speaking
You know um Ricky Martin's the model but at Google
Did he say something about a record? Don't say that so that's bad
But that's what you want to say go right ahead WQ I am hello
Ricky Blake
Suspetic WQ I am
Ricky Lama
WQ if he say Yamama WQ I am hello
Maricone WQ I am
Good stuff so she won't go Ricky Martin
What do you say? I don't give it WQ I am hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir
Um, you've seen the obsession that the photo weekends have with the tiny little frog called a cookie
What is it a cookie is a tiny little frog that's only indigenous to Puerto Rico? Yeah, and that's what Ricky Martin sounds like
Tiny little frog a little frog so Ricky Martin is a cookie Maricone song
WQ I am yeah, yes sir. I want to speak to Neil speaking. Oh this Neil. This is me. I'm picking you up cold. Oh great
You didn't get this one yet Ricky Martin Marica
Okay, what is that me don't say it
I'll do WQ I am I'm getting goosebumps from you
Oh
He wants to go right to the top
Oh
Welcome
All right, Kanta
Okay, let's do a few more of these never get into in a real show here. Okay, a good way to kill half hour
Getting a lot of it. We're finally getting some passion out of the audience
I'm always bitching about the fact there's no passion. They got passion for Ricky Martin. No question about it
Every call is more passionate than the previous one but it a Q I M
Oh WQ I am
Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir happy to see you. Okay happy to say well
Ricky Martin is a pretty cute mighty gun. Okay, WQ I am hello. That's half and half there Q I am
Well, there's the angle crowd sounding in these one mitochond
That's bad. We don't believe any of this Ricky. Okay. Don't buy into this. Okay. This is just the audience
They're all skeptical. They're all jealous just because you're
Whatever whatever you are WQ I am hello. Hello. Yes, man a lady
Yes, more important than Ricky Martin. You know, did you check out the nobatsu boys video?
Did I check it out? Yes, I was the first one to play the record in the history of the United States this video
Did you see the video? Yes, it's number one on MTV last night. By the way that young lady nor in
Gainesville that goes to you a uoff. Yeah, that called me last week and was telling me the how the song of dance about in sync
And I said just a matter of a couple of days and the back street boys will blow them away
The video is
In sync blow, huh? Your number one until the request live on MTV. I saw it. They're fabulous
That's right now. Here's a lady with some taste. Yes, and Ricky Martin
He's really cute, but he can't sing a lick. There you go. Thank you. And happy
And what is that? Oh, that's wrong. See that's wrong. Just that. You're out of here and Ricky. Stop trying to muscle in on us. Okay
I asked Sam about and Ricky, who's a tight friend is he said stud in fact no matter who yes, Sam the sham. He says stud
I asked him about our program directly. It's stud
Goli stud
The nephew Chris the Rick stud
WQ I am
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir
Okay, I think it's time to take a break right now. I took it in the muddy cone column. Oh, God
I'm telling you see if you if you just pick it a language man and all of a sudden you get these people out of the closet so to speak
You get them off their dead ass
So to backstreet poison number one on MTV. Okay now don't start picking on them all right because we're not too sure about some of them
One I'm pretty sure but I'm very sure anyway
26 pat one. What are you laughing about? Okay, don't start picking on Nick for
Hey, everywhere you look now there's some kind of beeper store beeper this beeper that beeper your
That's right, but there's only one beeper store that guarantees you the lowest prices and that of course is good old
Beeper mania you got to get into one of Albert's 36 locations with six of now enbrowered and check out the latest deals on the
Beeper of your choice like how about three connection and one of your service for only 12 bucks or if you don't already on a beeper get a new
Pager and one of your service for only 59
Beeper mania will not be under so they got all types models colors be safe keep an eye on your family friends or business with beeper mania 36
Locations 59 99 for a new page over the year service or 12 bucks for 12 months with your own beeper all prices require tax in last month
These are unbeatable prices anywhere
So call beeper mania now and date call 305 387 11 11 387 11 11 in powered call 954 4 38 33 33
4 38 33 33 be sure and tell him that neo told you to call beeper mania
The deal Roger show on 5 60 WQ AM Miami Fort Lauderdale
Well, man, you know, I'm the lando el pollo para acá tonight the historical channel
presents oh bet you didn't know with Jack Perkins
William Demarashd you played uncle Charlie in the television classic my free
Sogge but I'll bet you didn't know uncle Charlie was
gassy hey I bet enough for you fellas look it up my apron now you boys get out of my kitchen
Oh uncle Charlie don't you think it being a little hot come on
Steve you know they want to play with my magic room
That's a little bit uncomfortable to buy back and sing the poor I had all the smooth boys
Dems were the days when that woman and I had them too I'm gonna be able to buy it down uncle Charlie
Get outta here Steve you're a baguette you know you want it
Oh I think it's cool why else would I be in your house
Oh no no no no this is not true
Frankie open sex to old man surrounded by boys alone or baby
I'll be honest tonight I'm a historical channel for a look at William Demarashdon
How bet you didn't know it's 1031 at 560 WQM so Boca sends me a fax about a place
Sam Ash in Margaid for the Yassini and the DVD burn that's where he got his
Mixery bot form right well I need I need one this week I mean immediately not
sooner by tomorrow the very latest I need to find out how much they are and what they do
and what they're all about you know this is a very important time well don't throw that away
What now I'm not gonna throw it away I got it right here right in my hand and the fax too
560 505 60 pound 560 on a mobile one line here's a lady in North Miami hello
Oh hi good morning Neil yes man I don't particularly care about this this last song or the
whatever go go go like I thought Gucci Gucci yeah but I thought about a couple of years ago a
Spanish CD it's called Wellver and it has really really nice songs it happened that that
city was that song within one of the novella a couple of years ago right and it's a beautiful
beautiful song that he did going back two weeks ago to the train remember your train experience
yes I went to South of Miami last year yes and that took a train ride about six hours from the
city to one of the beach towns and guess what I couldn't go because I looked down and I saw
actually a gaping hole yes and it was just oh my god yeah I just couldn't believe it so it's
I think it's all over the world it is all for even for number two there was no running water you just
oh nothing god yes she I'm just thinking about that right now just thinking about the oh I don't
want to thank god nobody did that before I took a leak in the run that train in Germany
absolutely in and closing yes go panthers okay I was speaking to that I'm so glad she mentioned
that I got my letter and I'm sure a lot of you did too you season per all ten of you who listen to
this show dear Neil on behalf of the entire Florida panthers organization I would like to take
this opportunity to thank you again for your supports throughout the past season with the
addition of the Russian rocket Pavel Boray and the continuing development of our young players the
youngsters in the organization such as Oleg Kavashya Mark Parrish and Radik Borak we
anticipate a bright future for our franchise right and it goes on about the national car yet
the center in the select the seat process select a rectum process and if you desire to realize
they want to find out basically this any little survey card if you like to see to you about now or
you want to relocate and they also warn you by the way that you better send in your 15% 20%
deposit by June 15th and full payment due in the late of the August first I'll be sure until Greg
read but anyway so they have to select the seat thing in May to let you pick out new assignments
or whatever other seats might be available but unfortunately and I'm stopping to get this okay
this is dated May the 6th I get it yesterday they got the right address it's not forwarded
so I get it on the 10th and it says please return your renewal intention card no later than May 14th
something that they get to you on the 10th but please be sure and they'll return it by the 14th
which mine is already in the mail but I mean isn't that a little bit of a short turnaround time
but is there but is there any sure they have a survey on do you like your seats or not and you
like those new higher prices no they're a little bit higher than they were before but is there anything
in here about any any questionnaire on the arena I mean you like you like the comfort in your seats
you like the effect that there you can't see the red light go on there are a million different things
they could be asking is the parking okay and is there any survey in here about any of these things
no no and you want to know why they don't care like I've been telling you they don't care all they
want to know is you want to be new or we got these other seats that maybe you want to take because
we want your money but give us the money okay give us the money it's going to be great the youngsters
in your organization and Pavelle's Neal be great and Yadi Yadi and that's it give us the money
and if that isn't exciting enough now the story is that Wayne is going to be building a
not just what we needed another fashion mall right across from the Sogras and the Sogras people
are pretending to be all been out of shape about it and they're threatening the sue and getting
together with the Pat Salerno and all those lunatics and sunrise et cetera and so on
just what we need another guy damn a shopping center right in sunrise yeah there you go
more strip shopping malls more wall greens more records more Denny's more what else we need we
need more computer stores right there on that what's turning into you know used to be I'm not
complaining I like the fact there's a lot of convenient stuff out there by me out in the acres
but it's getting to be just a little bit much isn't it don't you think just a little bit there
isn't one inch by the end of this year there won't be one inch of property out there all the way
to 75 all the way to the guy damn Everglades that isn't going to be commercialized with some kind of
crap here's a mobile and market hello hi Neal I work at Sam Asch and Margate and I understand
you're looking for a CD player yes sir do you need one that works with a computer or just one that
you normally plug in to a sound to your thing it in the radio station well not a radio station
this is for at home okay you say with the with the works with a computer well you can get they
have CD burners as you can work with a computer so for example if you have a record and you want
to convert them to CDs you can do that and they also have standalone ones they're about $500
yeah they're made by Phillips we have them in stock and and I you know we have to take care of you
oh I don't who said I don't want to computer one death stuff I'll bluff said I don't want to
computer one okay so I don't want to computer when I want the other one yeah we have them in stock
there like I said they're made by Phillips they're about $500 well listen can you hold one for me
and I'll give like Boca Brown comes in to see all the time right yeah so I'm the guy that met you
when are you right we've been remembering his wife and I told you the front of day writer oh yeah
right I was buying a rumor in his wife dinner that night yeah uh huh but I mean I'm sure I must
have been okay well listen would you do that and hold one and I'll have Boca come in there and I'll
give him a checker cash or something no problem like there okay thank you sir my pleasure God bless
you okay there you go that took care of that you see when you got the power when it out burn him
in fact maybe he's got the one I should ask them both the DVD one because then you can get
with all your video tapes right am I right about that it's convert everything to DVD and then you
stick it in your DVDs that sounds pretty good the may see it's it's just so fast everything that you
buy is becoming obsolete like yeah you know anybody wants to go out and buy a big screen TV right now
and then they find out that HDDV is coming someday but not for a long time so if you got about 8 or 10
grand I mean for 5 grand you can buy an HDDV but that's without all the other stuff that goes along
with it I think for a good one it's like about 10 grand though what's wrong with that you can
a guy like you how can a guy like you that's got huh got bonus money coming got that $200 from
employees a month finally after weeks and weeks and months of waiting how can a guy like you be laughing
when I'm talking about going out and spending a measly 10 grand to get something nice like that for
your family look at that you have any car payments no no that's not for that one well well
so what's crystal private the the car that I am a campaign that's on oh well I guess you're not
getting that damn well how about just to stand alone there for 500 bucks you could afford that
yeah probably but I want to get the DVD one also he might have just been talking about the audio
yeah not that you couldn't swing it uh my good swing it I could swing it well I'm not swinging
it both ways 21 before 11 at 560 WQML guarantee of that hey if you're feeling lucky speaking of
that you just want to go have a good time and otherwise very boring town head for Hollywood
Seminole Gaming anytime the mood strikes you because that's where the big money is play Hollywood
Seminole Gaming's 550 gaming machines like Lucky Gems Progressive, Potta Gold and lots more they
got those big six bigger jackpots waiting for you they got 48 run-to-clock poker tables featuring
all the great car games ever invented Omaha Highlow Texas Holdham seven cards stud they're weekly
tournaments too for daily sessions of high stakes bingo 11 45 in the morning 3 7 15 and 10 30 at night
and for those of you who like it quick and hard score score and intense lightning bingo always get
you pissed off and fired up to it's all in one place hall of good seminole gaming on a corner of
440 Watton Sterling Road open 24 hours a day seven days a week even on Chivuas Chivuas and it's
so just a couple of minutes west of I need to five centimeter warrior arts easy to get there lots and
lots and lots I mean acres of pre-parking or valley parking if you prefer if you're looking for the
big jackpot the little bit of excitement in your life any time with strikes you head over to
Hollywood Seminole Gaming voted the best place to gamble in town for the fourth year in a row
by prestigious city-linked magazine for the five so I listen to you Rodgers because I can hear the word
asshole perhaps one of the most interesting words in the English language today is the word
out of all of the English words that begin with a leather half because the only word that is
referred to as the F word it's the one magical word just by its sound can describe pain,
pleasure, hate and love as most words in the English language is derived from German the word
flikken which means to strike in English f*** falls into many grammatical categories as a
transitive verb for instance john f*** surely its meaning is not always sexual it can be used as
an adjective such as john's doing all the f***ing work as part of an adverb surely talks to f***ing
much as an adverb enhancing an adjective surely is f***ing beautiful as a noun I don't give a f***
as part of a word absolute f***ing loosely or in the f***ing incredible and as almost every word in a
sentence f***ing f***ing f***ers as you must realize there aren't too many words with a versatility
of f*** as in these examples describing situations such as fraud I got f***ed that they use carlock
dismay or f*** it trouble I guess I'm really f***ed now aggression don't f*** with me buddy dismissal
why don't you go outside and play hide and go f*** yourself I'm sure you can think of many more
examples we say it loudly and proudly f*** you please don't say the F word okay 1045 I like the way
that ends like real abrupt real f***ing abrupt 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line
here's Miami hello and you yes sir first time call to someone making sure it's three into the point okay
really mine oh what happened what was it
Ricky Martin is a pretty mighty cone and he's off one asshole okay thank you sounds like a voice
of experience to me 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line see these panicked people maybe
they didn't get their letters yet maybe they'll get their letters about the 15th the day after the
expiration date that you're supposed to send in your card about what you're real happy with your seats
how come they don't ask how come there's no survey I mean after one year in this new place
and all the money they're charging and goosing the rates up a little bit how come they're not asking
anything else if they really cared wouldn't they ask would there be a like a thing on the
questionnaire there like comment something wouldn't there be something on there yes is there no no
because they just don't give a crab just keep giving us the money and maybe you'll be able to see the
goolite maybe not maybe your seats will be a little bit although they won't they'll be exactly the
same as before maybe different location maybe some of you who get stuck in the quarters up there
you four hundred pound cows that are sitting on those little baby seats maybe you'll be there on
pick your seat day and pick something better something a little bit wider for your fat ass
here's a lady in Miami hello hello yes ma'am hi me I just wanted to let you know that the back street
boys are gonna be on Saturday and I've lied to Saturday oh my god they're everywhere yeah they're
great they are and in closing Ricky Martin blows okay oh now we get to examine that a little bit
more in depth what you meant by that but I think she just went in the generic sense and she oh oh
we don't have a column for that well let's let's add that to the list okay Ricky Martin is pretty
handsome cute beautiful a stud mighty cone or Ricky Martin blows what was that what just happened
there did you hear that it just started spontaneously what was that that was the most bizarre thing I
ever heard my that was just uh I don't get it boy now don't be started tell me we're gonna do a
thing on Nick Carter on here tomorrow please because that's uh over the light I was about to
stand over the line is what it is okay okay step on me when I say number one on mpv baby I want it
that way I told you okay Nick come down five six seven oh yeah we're getting real music intensive
and it's all because of that Britney Spears all these guys out there including George he's got his
rolling stone when you got your rolling stone I got mine baby and I guarantee you what's on yours
this looks a lot better than what's on mine yeah Carlos because I made the bad mistake yesterday
of asking about sugar ray it goes to show you on television from a distance they can make anybody
look really really beautiful cute pretty a mighty cone whatever they want to make them look like
all will be above because sugar ray which this guy's name is Mark McGrath the lead singer which I
thought that was his name but what do I know you know an old fart like me although I will tell you
if you're from now on I'm watching only hockey games in mtv that's all I'm watching on my tv said what
that's all you need that's all I need I mean I don't need celebrity death watch I can watch the
hockey games for all the violence but uh and then of course road rules I mean they just keep showing
it how long does that go on this is the longest eight weeks that any kids ever spent together enough
no wonder the guys are crying all the time you know and what is that the guys on there there's a lot
of crying on that show but it's always the guys who are crying it's always been an Abe because the
girls aren't putting out is that what it is or maybe because the guys aren't putting out maybe
that's what it is I don't know what that's why now Abe's always got that little dog he's always
got that little thing in his arms I do like Abe I will confess to that anybody seeing road rules no
on mtv which they keep showing over it oh but he cries too much I'm not into guys that cry a lot you
know but anyway so here's Mark McGrath on the cover of the March issue of Rolling Stone March 18
that Carlos brought in here before Carlos is big heavy duty into sugar ray he's the expert in the
what what's wrong with that and then come to find out here's Mark McGrath on the cover of this
with his shirt off with his pants almost down to his knees with his foot of the loom showing through
but you got to do that if you're going to be in with the kids today you got to wear your pantaloon
he's down around your knees and then he's got all these grotesque tattoos well isn't that repetitious
grotesque tattoo I mean they're all grotesque I'm just not tattoos to me I one of the world's
greatest turnoffs oh I want a puke when I see so especially somebody that looks good which leaves
this guy out but somebody looks good with tattoos like you see a really like wouldn't it
break your heart if you find out that Britney Spears had a tattoo on each one of her you know that
would probably or maybe on her oh huh I don't mind the artsy artsy tattoos but like the stripper
little like on the ankles or like that I mean that's much like AJ and the back street boys I mean
you can really sing by the way you'll notice one thing about their new video everybody each one of
the five guys gets like his own solo even how it gets like five words but anyway so in here I'm
open in the thing up this is the March 18th issue I'm serious this picture here is so grotesque
I'm thinking to myself I actually thought I'm watching that video on TV that this guy was like
any of the categories mentioned I mean he is just uh
get that out of here fast thanks Carlos but they're all yours
here's Kendall hello yes sir if I learned one thing today you've always been saying I never
believed you what was that 20 million Cuban oiled Maori outer space listen to this show oh yeah
they're all out there I don't I don't get into stuff that they can relate to okay but today I
retouched a raw nerve yeah but they listen to you yes they do they're on the call the judges
write about that they're out there God bless I didn't know that hey uncle Neil Grash you want
to do is mention Monty Conan the phones a little bit like a Cinco de Mayo Bush
I can't she one favor yes sir please do not play do not play that my name is
a song anymore man I think was that ponders after the first time it is it's bad it be bad oh I
think that's number one with two bullets huh well we'll pull the audience on that sir
all right we'll start pulling okay and have a great day we're gonna pull the audience well
I'll pick and choose you know I'm selective a little bit very picky five six seven oh how can
an old bag like you be picky well I wouldn't you like to know five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the mobile one line see they just you know you got to learn about all these things
I mean I got to picky my seats out there at the Macarena before they realized that I turned on
them like a rat well they deserve to be turned on if they would have treated this right and done
the right stuff last year I wouldn't have turned on them I didn't really turn I just told it like
it was and they didn't like that they thought they could buy my silence with good seats and
some silly panther jersey whatever the hell I was doesn't work guys okay I'm there to support
the team but let's put a team out there on the ice next year and stop talking to trying to
come out the youngsters in the organization boy talk about a stuck record so what do we find
out about the DVD CD what do we find out anything more the guys gonna call me back when he gets
a price the same guy that you spoke right when he gets a price on the prices no audio and video
big shooter like me a price is no I have to order the the DVD one oh they do how long
second it take I don't know that's why he's gonna call oh well I could take an off a long time I
could start with the other one what what do you laugh at about I want it now don't you understand
I want that now I want to be able to burn my own CDs well I mean when kid korea sends and not only
that now where now the blanks all this like RT this is a goal I mean that just looks so good
done it's like a sets you know you can get cheap you can get fancy well this is fantasy
shmancy of course power 96 they can afford to they can afford fantasy shmancy because they don't
pay anybody over there see they don't need to pay Shvo Griffin because she's making all that money
with a psychic crap with a phony psychic garbage she's pedaling nice going Shvo man she is everywhere
I'm you know something even on TV I don't even know if she's aware of it even an omg to them
all over the world you go to Toronto she's on the thing there they got those a psychic hotlines
everywhere and on Sunday morning here in between the religious stuff and the diet and commercials
there's Shvo Griffin doing that psychic hotline crap for all these suckers out there
where she's missing the boat yet I don't think she's on the 23 and 51 yet because we know how they
fall for how your people fall for that crap and they could squeeze her in between the magnetic
bracelets and the phony dentists huh yeah thank god we have no Holy O's in this town at fall for
quackery thank god for that here's a mobile and Oakland park hello yes sir
okay call me back line 8 screwed up against not his fault it's our offense that line 8 again
I'm not gonna get upset about it I mean we'll never get the phone straight not the way
they're supposed to because again Greg Reed lied to us we're gonna get a new phone system when
we moved up here on the third floor we were gonna get this I don't care I got my bonus check
yesterday in my paycheck they're doing a real good job on that stuff now by the way you know
Hank has got a point I once ago I was a little bit skeptical I thought Hank was maybe
sucking up a little bit but you know something they pay some of us a lot of money and the you know
after you whip him into shape they actually pay on time after you're threatened a few lawsuits and
I'll over and above that what difference does it make you know so this guy that we just had
a disconnect there on line 8 maybe he had something good to say maybe not all that great what
difference does it make does it make a difference no I still get paid either way you got to adopt
the whole different attitude maybe you can't let these people tear your guts out of your kishkis
so let's take a pull on Greg Reed okay he's an asshole okay means well but he's just a
shlipper you know still got that red bulbous nose he's still walking around sick all the time
see God works in mysterious ways you know what Greg here's a mobile in Miami hello
good after almost afternoons good evening sir later than we think two things I'm not a
a sports fan at all but good am I wrong or great Whitney is still a panter okay now did they
really make a mistake in there because I was thinking about that last all and isn't it interesting
I mean it's very sad you know but this the state chase on was drunk he was a blitzed out of his
mind he had three times the legal limit when he got killed in the car it was raised shepherd the
former or panther who was his best friend by the way who was one of the Paul bears evidently they
put former panther ray Whitney the captain because somebody called about the yesterday so once again
the hero doesn't know they're asked when they're able to put ray Whitney in there who couldn't
have been there anyway because he was playing in those a world championships for a candidate and
they don't know what they're talking about are we surprised no okay the other thing
Ricky Martin yes okay I still away go mama wrong I like the way I'm not sure which one I like
better book I don't know or I think mama wrong I like better I like to sound that huh just saying
it it gets you like sexually a mama wrong oh I got a quiver in my back I'm saying it yeah you
know we don't want to let Ricky off the hook too easy okay it's we're glad for a success or I
mean I don't really care one way or the other be honest with it but enough is enough already with
this bullcrap even Joe Costello said he's thanks Ricky Martin's hot well we left that word off
the list by the way okay hot nice city if it weren't for those feet he might consider a switching
switching he said he likes to have Gordon's feet a lot better as what he said hot pretty handsome
cute beautiful stud or Maddie cone look at those mama what what that's right and blows all right let
me put that under too Ricky Martin blows he ain't no backspeed boys I'll tell you that oh come on
will you stop will you grow up away dropping since a professional queen god aren't you embarrassed by
this even you like this record you want my final oh thank you that's a compliment from George
okay that's he's really going out on the limb yeah the writers that they got are better than
the other guy yeah all I'll tell you I thought that's the 98 degrees thank god I was able to
still find that thing and a CD too it's 1057 at 560 WQM hey today is Tuesday you know what that
means that a Nick cigars it means it's extra savings day for you you always save a lot of money
on great premium cigars the next because like I've been telling you for about a hundred years
they're the manufacturer so they sell you with factory direct pricing you don't pay an arm
and a leg for great cigars if you want to go into the spent all year a salary on cohebo and
money crystals and lagoria kubana those are good cigars but they cost you an arm and a leg if you
want cigars that are just as good or even better according to the experts then head on down the
next and every Tuesday and Wednesday you go down there mentioning the arrived your center and then
I can extra 10% off on everything you buy plus they also have special premium cigars only a bucket
so today is an extra good day to take off from working head on down to Nick cigars you'll find
about 71 11 West Flagler just put your feet back pop out of those good ones in your push and you'll
know what life is really all about Nick cigars man we're smoking perfection is achieved once a
light cut little speakers that's my little sound that comes right out your fingers
want to copy me and do exactly like I do get paid for writing little songs about Google my brains
all gone I'm trying to get my groove on but I can't figure out which spice girl I'm going to
fart on inducted Dreass your major pastor hey oh no why do I smell ass man you look well
well since age 12 it seemed like I always smell like hot ripping gases and dootin was pretty
swell I got this off when I took my jeans off and bought it so hard it turned my look
was backwards like Chris Croft and every night I'm like oh dinner has been caught up my ass fast
in a fat bitch you ain't too fast smell this honey you know just wait a minute girl I don't give a
fuck god send me to think the world up my ain't it my ain't it my ain't it my ain't it my ain't it
you can see to want to be kicked out back in journey high said the problem was something
crone out my ass and died I shot him into face with my vapor the words happened later when
I covered his death with use toilet paper walking the strip club my testes were filled up
moon the bartenders took a dump in a tip club went over to a dancer had a fucking
a golfing she lifted a leg up and I do she was a father
I just found out my mom got all gas and I do
I told her I broke up to be a famous rapper
They could wreck the belt strange noise
Made on the crap
You know you was dirt when the women rushed to leave
And drive the hoes back, but you must need it to relieve
The sky and white gas and the center was pretty cool
When I had to go, go drop the kids off and move
My ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it
My ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it
My ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it, my ain't it
I thought we would say we won't play that anymore
And that was that class that he decided
All the time this, okay? I love it
Let's number one with four bullets, baby
1104-560-wd-q-A-M
So somebody faxes me the latest about this father or tool guy.
The old news is that this Carrie Fitzgerald, the woman in Fort Lauderdale, became involved
in the sexual relationship with this clergyman who was counseling her for alcohol abuse,
settled her case against the church for 250 grand Carrie Fitzgerald, and the Reverend
Connie Sostrum was the name of a never trusted guy named Connie, even Connie Mack, the
Dregs.
At any rate, the Broward jury agreed to pay 250 grand.
And now it says Fitzgerald began meeting with Sostrum in 1992 to work through the 12
step alcohol recovery program.
The counseling sessions led to passionate kissing and groping that came close to but
stopped before actual intercourse, according to Fitzgerald.
In June 1993, Sostrum told her that he would no longer be able to counsel her after
a passionate session during which he refused to have intercourse with him Fitzgerald testified.
A year later, Fitzgerald told church administrators and Sostrum was forced to resign.
Guess what?
Here's the good news.
Sostrum 70 now serves as a priest at St. Francis Independent Catholic Church in Daniel
Beach.
So he'll find something good over there no doubt.
Oh boy.
Just like yesterday, you know why they won't respond to that 60 minutes thing because
they have nothing to say.
What are they going to say?
You know?
They're just embarrassed and humiliated and degraded and they have no response and then
they keep going and putting their mouth and putting the money in the plate and they can't
help it.
Here's Haley.
Here's my video guy.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Neil, how's it going sir?
Great.
You're interested in following a DVD on your computer or a DVD in your home?
In my home.
Okay on the TV and the CDR on the computer.
Hello.
Oh what?
A CD recorder, CDR writable.
You're interested in putting inside the computer.
No.
Just on the TV.
Okay, but the CD Berder, you want to run it with the computer and you want to run it
with the computer.
It's a separate unit.
Yes.
I got those.
Okay.
What about the DVD?
The DVD is just separately.
You can pick that up at any store that's not really important.
DVD recorder?
No.
DVD RAM is a different unit which lets you record DVDs.
It's pretty expensive.
Okay.
I don't want it.
No, I like here about it as the CD Berder.
That's all I care about.
Yeah, how much?
The Berder is usually the most important thing because DVDs really are just have movies and
basically it.
CDs have a wider utility, multimedia, audio and all those other things.
And how much are they?
For the CD rooms that are installed inside the computer, the price would be $229.
Yeah, that's not the one I want though.
Okay, the one that's run separately is about $780.
Yeah.
You run separately and you put one CD on the top and one CD on the bottom and you both burn them in both.
Okay, hang on a second and I'll give you your number or something.
Hold on.
Okay, take this number but I think you're going to.
We'll see.
We'll check it out.
We'll compare in the mix and match.
I'll have something in my hands by tomorrow and maybe one of these two.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, I am.
Yeah.
Ricky Martin is a Marty Cohen.
Okay, thank you.
A little bit late, sir.
A little bit late, a little bit terminal, ponderous.
Here's a mobile invoker.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, you were talking yesterday about the Jenny Jones show, the thing on Dayland.
In Dayland?
In Dayland?
No, Dayland.
Yeah, in Dayland.
Yeah, in Dayland?
Oh my God.
No, no.
You said that the two guys, they had sex together.
That was correct.
How did I know?
I know.
You have the net recently in a jar or something.
This is the typical baggage city blues mentality that everybody is almost sexual.
No, this is not a baggage city mentality, sir.
The fact is that the one who is surviving admitted that they did have sex and friends of the two had said it before even.
No, nothing.
No, nothing.
Yes, he did.
Yes, he did.
Yes, he did.
Okay, you're just a jackass, Pat.
Just another loud mouth asshole that wants to make a lot of noise.
Pat, pat, pat, pat, pat, pat, pat.
They don't know his ass from his elbow.
It's part.
That's right.
It's part of the homosexual conspiracy, the agenda.
I forgot about that.
We just make it up as we go along.
And by the way, anybody that couldn't tell this one that did the asshooting?
Anybody that couldn't tell that he's screwed you then an upcake needs glasses real fast, okay?
I mean, let's get serious, which now he admits by the way that he's gay.
Now all of a sudden, what the hell is his name?
I don't even know the names of the two of them.
Scott Amador is one of them.
Yeah, I can't, I can't figure which from which because quite frankly they both, you know.
Yeah, I just made it up, sir.
Everybody's a fag.
Just like tolly young girls out there.
Everybody is heterosexual, right?
You know what I'm saying?
I think you do.
Nine minutes after 11 at 5.60 WQM.
If you need new appliances, you're probably going to keep them in.
You'll all keep saying, you get into one of appliance TV depots, three locations,
and see how astonishing low the prices are on everything you want.
And all of a sudden, you'll all do a big turn around.
I'm going to say, and say, like I said, thank God.
At appliance TV depot, the selection is humongous, whatever you need.
A refrigerator, a washer, a dryer, a big screen TV, a VCR, a camcorder, a satellite dish.
It's all there waiting for, we're at appliance TV depot.
The sales staff is friendly.
They know their stuff and delivery is always the next day after you make your purchase and hassle free too.
Three stores wait in the survey when they're counting appliance TV depot within the Miami Lakes area
at the Palmetto of 57th Avenue.
They're a coral gable that 3590 coral away.
And it can't be on US one north of the falls.
The price is always right when you do the smart thing in shop at appliance TV depot.
Don't forget for more sales.
Check out this weekend's ads in the Miami Herald.
This is 5.60 p.m.
This is all God.
Tonight on Fox.
It's the high foe.
Sure, I wouldn't mind walking up the escalator, but I can't seem to squeeze by Miss Phanna at the head of me here.
The man that says what all of America is thinking.
So you don't understand English, huh?
Well, then you won't understand it when I say this.
Here you want to...
Whether it work home or even the mall.
The asshole will make you proud to be an American.
Yeah, and Linda asked it a funeral.
Why don't you swing by your mom's old house and see if you can find her handicapped parking place.
I think that would really come in handy for me.
He needs to be...
Tonight when he feels like coming on.
That really is an asshole thing to do.
And it's really really good.
Okay, let me 13 at 5.60 p.m.
Speaking of assholes, by the way, great letter of the editor in the...
The heading says the great buddy Nevin's nose all in C's all.
Of course we know about buddy Nevin.
He's an asshole, miserable little piece of crap.
Vincent Bochicchio of Margate writes, who is buddy Nevin's?
Using letters to the editor as a measure, all the fine people writing opinion columns in the Sun Sentinel.
Get their fair share of responses from the public.
Why is poor buddy Nevin's ignored?
Maybe he needs to rethink his idea about readers believe it to be newsworthy.
Here are a few examples of what he considers news.
In rooms school superintendent Dorothy Orr reminds school employees of dress standards.
And Nevin's conclusion is some employees dress like slabs.
School board chair and he's a good one to be called anybody a slab, by the way.
School board chair person Lois Wexler retends a rally for citizens concerned about our children
where running for reelection.
Nevin's comes to the conclusion, Wexler supports this group and therefore she changed her mind
and helped block this organization from participating and selecting the next superintendent.
His next contorted conclusion is school employees are showing state legislators photos
and deteriorating schools so therefore they support the organization.
Either Nevin's has supernatural powers to look into people's minds or he's playing with less than a full deck.
Yeah!
It really doesn't matter. He's good for a laugh either way since Vincent Bochicchio in Margate.
Nice go on Vincent.
Because buddy Nevin's, he's an asshole.
Yeah. And even that new grubby picture that got he still looks like grubby.
56670560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
I got a question. Ricky Martin sucks.
What does he swallow?
Okay. Here's a Miami Lake. Hello.
You dedicated symbol room to find that.
Miami Lakes.
We must be on.
What is that?
We're on hold at St. Asher.
Are you talking to them online for what is that all about?
No.
Okay. Well, whatever that was.
56670560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in the, where's that Santa Bell? Hello.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
I was flipping channels last night between Buried's trying to find that.
Ricky Martin on TV, there's an MTV videos.
And what, the other girl, Brittany?
Brittany.
Here's.
I'll tell you all I found with some guy walking down the side of the building and a couple other videos of money.
In the time they put in them videos, amazing.
Yeah.
And of course it is because that's where all the music sales comes from.
And I haven't had to flip out a VH1 and they had to sing on rock and roll.
And I mean it was hilarious that Eisenhower saying that the kids are being brainwashed and then it's ruining the nation.
And then they showed dress codes, what they recommend and what the kids were wearing.
Well, that's America for you.
They're uptighten, the psychotic, you know, that's the American way.
And I mean to tell you, it was unbelievable.
They even dreamt of what it was going to lead to, being unbelievable.
But I'll tell you, music videos, I was at St. Louis just today.
You know, over there in Cappella.
Yeah.
And there was a lady she had MTV on and she was looking for Ricky Martin.
She said because Neil Rogers said he's good looking.
No, he's the best, yeah.
Oh.
Anyway, I'm going to have to say happy day.
And back to you, sir.
Have a great day.
I think one where we left out of there, how about lovely?
What's wrong with that?
Don't you think Ricky Martin is lovely?
Yeah.
Yeah, there you go.
What's wrong with being lovely?
Yeah, I think that's a very legitimate question.
And I got the course you guys out there.
It's too embarrassing.
I mean, if somebody, for you know, of course, it obviously depends on who they are.
Right?
I mean, if some guy says that you're beautiful and another guy's got to like probably smash him in the mouth.
You know, would that be a bad thing to say to say that the so-and-so is beautiful?
Like, let me think of somebody I could, huh?
Who can I put in that category?
Like Lorenzo Lama.
I mean, this is of course, it was back a few years before we got old and ugly.
Lorenzo Lama's.
He was a beautiful guy.
Handsome, cute, stud, right?
Pretty.
See, pretty.
That's got to be the one that hurts the most, huh?
Like Enrique.
Enrique is pretty.
Good.
That's what Sam said.
I said, what were you?
He said, stud for Ricky Martin.
I said, what about your buddy Enrique?
Oh, pretty.
Good.
Now, was there a comma in between?
No.
56670560, 0560 on the 18 T wireless line.
Here's a mobile and four-loader deal.
Hello.
Yeah, how you doing?
Great.
The CD printers are great and I would recommend getting the four speeds instead of the double speed
because it's obviously twice as fast when you record.
And the good thing is, it's not only audio CDs.
You can record software.
Somebody has a CD that they use in their computer.
You can record on that.
Yeah.
Now, there's a way to beat the system on this is that if you join the club, you know, you could do Columbia House or at BMG Music.
The music got service.
Right.
They give you 14-day trial.
They keep sending it back.
Just make copies and send it back.
That's why they're all having a nervous breakdown.
And you do that.
And if you have three or four members in your family, you get whatever 15 CDs times four people.
I don't understand.
They say that if you record something on one of these other CDs, that will blank.
You can't loan the blank to your friends and they may make copies.
But you could make as many copies as you want it.
Yes.
So it's obvious why they're having a nervous breakdown about it.
But of course, the same thing happened when we first got VCRs.
Remember, they were having a fit about that.
And now they come out with the disclaimer while I have the commercial about, you know, if you make a copy of a software at the legal and copyright laws, who the hell knows?
Exactly.
Right. They'll only be a CD police.
Yeah. So you accumulate your CD collection by subscribing to those music services.
You return the 14 days.
The beautiful thing is they pay for the postage return.
Right. Exactly.
I like it.
I like it. That's a good way to get canceled by the two.
By the way, stop that crap coming in the mail. Excellent.
See you later.
Thank you.
Hey, this, you know, this ought to be really big down here.
These CD-burners because any place the FM music is so bad as it is in this market.
I mean, so bad that there is in one person, whatever it is, there's a good FM station in this town.
No matter what kind of music you like, it blows.
It is just so bad.
God.
And of course, in the car, I mean, even if you got one of those CD-changers, you know, a lot of guys in some of the cars, they put them in the trunk or wherever they hide them.
Who the hell is a pain in the ass?
This number, this and cut number that.
And by the time you get to poaching around, you're already at Walgreens, you know?
But when you got your own CDs that you can burn and put the stuff on there that you want to hear, like...
Who's your coochie-coochie? Come on, 50-coochie-coochie, come on.
Cheers and civil fishing and podcasting through your dog.
Yeah, it's amazing how they reinvent everybody from General Hospital.
Wait till you see Richard Simmons in the new military role he's gonna be playing, huh?
And the WW2 movies coming out in General MacArthur, it's gonna be great.
5607-0560 and 0.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Just to remember one thing about showbiz, what you see is usually definitely not what you get.
Just keep that in mind.
Here's Davy, hello.
Hello Neil.
Yes sir.
Yes, I remember you talking about the situation in a couple weeks ago at Littlevin.
Yeah.
Yes, I have a good idea.
And I was even thinking about this long before Littlevin.
What does ant-fulls in the end or I had a business by having him charged with wrongful death in our civil courts?
The only reason why I'm thinking so is make that responsible because they're the ones that are financing the legislation to kill any gunshots.
Okay, hold your breath.
Hold your breath.
5607-0560, 0.560 on the...
Huh, was that lower than loud?
How's that? A little bit better?
I liked it.
0.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miami Lake.
Hello.
Neil, God.
Yes sir.
Okay, as far as those 3D burns contract, I work at a music store.
So they do work.
Don't you think that you can?
Oh, I know they work.
I got this great CD that Kid Creme made for me.
I'm going to tell you the rest of my life.
As far as letting up to your friend, some CDs won't read them.
Like, let's say you record your CD and you go to your friend and say, hey, check out this new thing I got.
Put it in there and some CDs won't read them because I try to do that in my car and it wouldn't read it.
It just won't read the songs on there.
I guess it's just either the CD that was bad or maybe just the way the recorder was bad.
Right.
Well, you just got to be careful on what you do with that.
Second thing, as far as what's the kind of aim again?
Rick Lee Martin?
Yeah.
What's the kind of thing?
Oh, we're going to need for a game.
Yeah.
My girlfriend says the love she was.
The love she was.
There's another word for the okay, the love she was.
Yeah.
Okay, and I just one more thing.
If somebody said you were a voluptuous, would you be insulted?
No, because I figured I'd be pretty good.
What about if a guy said it?
Then I'd have to talk to you.
Okay.
Neil, God.
Run like hell.
Okay, I have a great day.
If you do.
Well, love she was.
I like that.
I don't know.
I thought of where that would use.
It's a girly word, you know, like for girly guys.
So, Rick Lee Martin is voluptuous.
You agree with that?
Yes.
There you go.
Like I said, for girly.
Hot.
I see hot.
Like, yeah, that's another one.
Nobody thinks he's hot.
All the girls think he's hot.
Ever touch him?
No.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Palma, that's that Latin blood, you know.
Everybody think all the humans are really hot.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18th, he wireless on.
That's why they get so excited and start going.
That's the drop of a hat or a drop of those pantalones.
Here's the South Beach.
Hello?
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
Good afternoon.
Good morning.
Good evening.
Good evening.
It sounds like morning to you, man.
Like late night maybe.
No, I woke up at 3 o'clock in the morning.
Couldn't have been back to sleep.
I went to get some breakfast and I think it's fine now.
Then it was Ricky Martin sitting right there at Denny's no doubt.
Ricky Martin's right here with me.
Uh huh.
And Ricky Martin, he never stole a fake train.
We're out, you know.
Yeah.
We wish him all a luck in the world.
I'll find a way for us.
I got a little phone report for you.
Yes.
I tried to, I was trying to call you like eight times.
Keep getting the big reason.
Right.
Then what's with different phone?
Am I a pay phone?
Yeah.
So I mean, you know, I went through different pay phones.
My boom better be.
That must be the trick.
Okay.
I'm going to get some sleep.
You'll be doing great show going.
Back to you.
Okay.
Get some sleep.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
Well, he's on felt beach.
Okay.
They don't come into about 6 7 in the morning.
He's just dragging his ass in and arrested him too a little later.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
0 5 60.
0 5 60.
On the 18th line, we got the Hank Goldberg show.
The world famous Hank Goldberg show with two.
We got you a man that you'd six.
We got the Marlon to the pot raise.
In case you missed the late night's score last night.
Guess what?
We lost again.
God damn it.
We care about that.
No.
Okay.
Here's Portland.
Nobody cares about those panther things either.
That's amazing.
Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
What about those scientists seem to link in Africa to Jews?
Yeah.
What about that?
You're related to a Schwarzenegger?
Yeah, that's right.
That's all these years.
The fallacious.
That's why my mother always said when I go outside up north.
Put on your fallacious.
Oh, no, these years.
Nobody knew.
I know this is the best way to go.
I was a fan of the pack.
I know who it is.
I don't have that boring voice and that boring topic.
In fact, he's probably the one that facts me that crap yesterday and wasted a lot of our
facts paper, which nobody cared.
And by the way, nice thing you got your ass candor with the arena evidently, because we
never saw him the last half of the season.
So even though we were losing all those games, we enjoyed it a lot more because we didn't
have to go through an inquisition every time we went to a hockey game because of this guy's
got no life.
Oh, man.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
You know what I mean?
I mean, George's face, the contortions on George's face when he heard the sound of your
voice, sir.
It looked like he was going to throw up lunch dinner breakfast from weeks ago.
I mean, things that haven't been invented yet.
The flare in his nozzle.
He was falling at the mouth just hearing the terminal sound of your annoying voice.
But have a nice life.
Just the separate from us.
Where we be going now?
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Miami.
No, okay.
Nice talking to you.
Here's the four-letter deal.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Frank Rizzo here.
Frank Rizzo?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Let's say I'm going to have a V.
Okay.
Frank Rizzo.
Nice job in Philly, by the way, Frank.
Here's a mobile and Palm Beach Garden, Silla.
Hey.
What do you think tonight?
Yarmul Yager?
Patrick?
No.
Why not?
I think probably Sergey Berison, Patrick tonight.
Uh-oh.
Hey.
Is this Ricky Martin part of that group that's Maneuro Group?
He was, yeah.
He was a Manudo.
That's where he's at.
No, I'm putting the puzzle pieces together.
Is it this puzzle I've written together?
And that's that little La Vita locus song?
Yeah, that's La Vita.
That's it, yeah.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
That's just, I believe it's one hit already.
No, he said several hits.
He had Well-V.
He had that horrible thing from the World Cup.
Don't you remember?
No.
Of course, yes you do.
No.
La Copa de La Vita.
That's the rep of this?
Hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi.
You're hired.
I'm right.
Yeah.
He's just as good as Ricky Martin, right?
Yeah!
Here we go, c'mon.
Here with the Hoshi Koshi, baby.
Pull up those half-amoy, zero five.
No, no, no.
Listen, so.
Hoshi, Hoshi, Hoshi, Hoshi, Hoshi, Hoshi, Hoshi, Hoshi, Hoshi.
Come on.
No, no, no.
Okay.
Love it 27 at 560 W.
Hey, he's hot.
He's bigger than goddamn life itself.
Don't you understand?
You got to go with a flow.
Rhymes would blow, okay?
You got to go with a flow.
Everywhere you look now, it's like the whole world has been taken over by Ricky Martin.
He's in the newspapers.
He's on your television.
He's on the commercials.
He's on a portal.
Everywhere we cut chamber a commerce spot everywhere.
You're looking under your bed tonight.
You'll see Guy Damher, he's on the bottom.
You know, pro-visit is the place to go for all of your eye care needs.
Pro-
Bigger than mine.
I can't believe what I've seen.
I just went to take a lead.
I have to take a lead.
Bigger than mine.
I can't deny that you'll know.
Now I know why this golden boy couldn't get close to the wall.
I remember the big sun when he whipped it out
from behind his slippery cane of putthole trouser trowel.
In order to grab mine I gotta get a tweezer.
Now I know why my wife said I could never flee her.
I think he's really proud.
I look he was so in doubt.
I have to look away.
I said that he's really proud.
I have to look away.
I hope he don't think I'll get.
Can I relate to that?
It's 1133 at 560 WQM.
We have 400 open lines, 560, 560, 560 on the 18T wireless line.
I'll tell you what, either we're going to get these lines all smoking here.
We're going to play Ricky Martin.
Right, I want 400 calls on you.
I'm going to be late.
I'm coming in reference to the cities that you record.
There's two types of CDs.
There's one CDR that you record and you can play in any CD player.
But the CDR W which is re-writeable,
that one you can only play on the recorder.
So that one you can play in your car?
No, you couldn't because it's re-writeable.
I don't sound finalized.
So what good is that?
So you buy the CDR which you record and once you do that,
you finalize it and you can hear it anywhere you want.
The CDR that's more expensive obviously.
No, it's 3 for 10 bucks.
3 CDs for 10 bucks.
Oh, in other words, oh, you're talking about the actual CDs that you like.
And the CD recorder is cheaper as a city for 350.
350?
Yes, Phillips, which I have one.
Right.
And the CDs are 3 for 10 bucks.
Maybe in Holland, by the way, made in the Netherlands so much be good.
Yeah, so.
And for Ricky Martin, my name is Ricky Martin.
Okay.
What do you say, vanilla?
So anyway, I'm all confused.
Now you're telling me I'm going to have a unit here tomorrow.
What about a CD player?
Yeah, that's it.
Oh, yeah.
Well, he just said, I know what he just said.
Well, I'm getting into it with every, I mean, I'm, these things are just developing too fast for an old fart like me to keep up with.
Okay, I'm all confused now.
Go ahead and get the one from San Ag.
Right.
They're fans of the show.
Now what about the software?
What about the CD?
I'll focal pick up a bunch of them.
A bunch of these are bunch of the ones like he says, the CDRs that you can put in.
I don't want to have to sit in the house listening all this stuff all day.
I want to get the car.
I want to get my beautiful Corvale.
And drive around town blasting the goddamn music so a lot of the speakers are coming off the dash.
What?
I'm sure that no.
No, San Ag.
It's his sale.
Yes.
He wants everyone to know that it's his sale.
Right.
I'm sure that you'll love it.
Love it, Mel.
Otherwise, you'll get ripped on the earth.
Right.
And that's true.
We'll rip a San's ass.
Okay, where are we going?
I'll get it all straightened up.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
It puts the pole in the hole.
Okay.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Yes, hello, Neil.
Yes.
I have something of brilliant to the girl that it's referring to.
It's what?
It'll be a difficulty.
It'll make your day now.
This is a crazy one.
I'm not even going to...
No, you're not going to.
Anyway, it's Dr. Cavorki.
All right.
Dr. White?
Dr. Cavorki.
Dr. Jack.
Cavorki?
Yes.
I pronounce it wrong.
So anyway, kind of special on him.
And he said, at the beginning of it, he said, you want to be like flies?
I'm planning on a fly.
He's all from men.
I came from the clothes and stuff, I'm wearing it.
He said, let me ask you, what kind of drugs do you take?
I've never asked you this before.
No, I know.
Now we know what they're doing.
That's what I'm saying.
Right.
She's smoking crap.
Well, you know what mushroom scroll is.
Yeah.
Hey, we got any good crap?
Woo!
She is a piece of work.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Man.
You wonder about this?
I don't wonder about this town anymore because I know it.
I know it like a rubber glove.
I mean, I don't need, you know, it's like the thing with a Chinese embassy over there
and you go to Slavian build rate.
They got a bad map at Exxon on the street corner there.
You know, that's the way our military intelligence works.
They go to Exxon station and they go in and put an old map.
And there's anybody believe that?
Yeah.
You know, we're trying to convince those poor Chinese batches.
It's interesting, by the way, how much the Chinese are when they're protesting against us.
They're protesting against Bubba.
They got the Nazi, the swastika, and all these grotesque characters.
And they are burning effigies and the American flag.
And they're real macho and books when they're doing that.
But let them open up their mouth just one time about the Chinese government.
Oh, let's see them no more.
Bunch of bullcrap.
See, like I told you, most of the good Chinese people they came over here.
All the mouth contents, they got them locked up over there.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile and four-letter mail.
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
I heard you a reference before the Rolling Stone with Britney Spears in it.
Right.
Rolling Stone at a website.
And they are on the website.
I think it's Rollingstone.com.
Right.
They have a section called the gallery.
And they keep the photos from their recent issues.
So if you want to go in there or somebody out there in the audience didn't get the buy the issue.
They can put it on their street.
That's the one that's got the Nicki, the Britney Spears pictures on it.
Not Nicki, she's like in her room with all her dolls around here.
Wondering what?
Yeah.
We have this one.
Pictures.
It was quite a problem that came out.
Different pictures than the ones that are in the magazine?
I think they're the same ones.
That issue caused, I don't know if you were to come out.
There was one controversy.
Some family group said having her pose in her room with her dolls was like kind of Felix or whatever.
It was Felix?
Felix, Felix the cat?
I was feeling it.
Well, a couple of those with these people see.
They see a sexual thing.
They look up in the clouds and they see like gigantic penises and all sorts of phallic stuff.
You know what I mean?
No matter where they look, they see something sexual.
Yeah, if it's not Jesus, it must be a dog, I guess.
Right.
I also have a CD burner.
I got the Phillips 2-3 CD burner.
You can put one CD.
You don't have to look at another CD player to record.
What the guy was trying to explain before?
Is that the one I'm getting, George?
The one that's got the two from Wonder Woman?
Yes.
Oh, thank God.
It makes a lot easier, yeah.
There are two types of CDs.
One is called a CDR.
That's what the guy said before.
Yeah, that you guys compatible with anywhere you want to play it?
You can already record it once.
You can't re-record over it like a tape.
That's okay.
But you can play it anywhere.
The other one is called a CD re-writeable.
A CDRW.
That you can record over and over like a tape.
But it may not play with most other CD players.
Yeah, so what the hell was that?
The first ones are a lot cheaper.
They're like $3 for $10 the CDR.
It's just that you screw it up when you recording it.
It's screwed up.
It's very hard to screw this process.
Yeah, only a more.
I mean, believe me, when it comes to stuff like this, I'm the expert.
Well, if you're going from one CD to the other in the same machine,
you just drop it in one tray,
it starts, and it'll take care of itself.
You'll enjoy it.
Beautiful.
Okay, have a good day.
God bless you, sir.
Thank you.
Okay, 5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05.
I'm so confused about this.
I'll be real happy tomorrow when I get here.
I sure hope it's better than that thing that Gary Sarner got me from...
Oh, man.
See, if John Penis was on the ball,
which I don't see him anymore at all, you know,
because he's got this real old stale copy in here.
And he's just like a drop the ball,
and God only knows what the hell he's doing lately.
But if he was on the ball, I mean,
we got our good friends of the appliance,
T.V. Depot, which is a great sponsor of ours,
and they love me like crazy,
and probably they have this stuff,
but I don't see no John Penis.
He don't come by and offer to cook me up with anything,
because who knows where he is.
Maybe he's figuring he's out of here again.
See, this is the only place I ever work with.
You see the salespeople like once in a while,
and then weeks go by, you don't see him,
because they figure they're going to get fired any minute.
And usually they do, and then they come back,
and then they come back, they got a title,
and they're a sales manager,
and the general manager own a piece of the station.
And if your water is...
Push!
Pah!
The mouth!
So now, it's cops!
It's pimple-bing your Dutch country!
I'm a cop, I'm a cop.
What you gonna do?
What you gonna do?
When the carriage comes for you?
Hello there, Jebediah.
Hello, Officer Hezokai.
See, what brings you up to my home, little boat?
Well, we got us some reports of some...
...pustin' and a butin' in these here, Pah.
Ah, yes, Hezokai.
My shame to admit that it's my wife, Sarah.
Exposed part of our ankle.
Wow, that's no good, Hussey.
Yeah, Pah, I've got me a good mind to put her in the stocks
and give her 40 lashes.
Well, that would be a good idea,
but then there wouldn't be anyone to milk the cow.
Yep, women.
There, the reason we're all going to hill.
Yep.
Well, I gotta get back to Plowenfields.
We'll get in.
I guess I'll be getting back to the barn, Reisen.
Here's a guy up.
I'm his cop, I'm his cop.
What you gonna do?
What you gonna do?
A nishack, will you?
That's tonight.
On cops in Hentwo, in your Dutch country.
It's 1146 at 560 WQM.
I'm so glad they're excited about getting this CD thing, the burner.
Huh?
I am.
It burns.
It burns.
That's what Linda Blair said.
It burns, baby.
It burns bad.
And I got my gold CD here from my good close personal friend,
kid career over there at Pau 96.
Always told me he was a good guy and you always said,
he's an asshole.
Every time I say that, what's wrong with you, man?
You don't like, what's his name over there on, on KISS FM?
You don't like, what's his name, buddy, okay?
My name is K.
I always call him Buddy McCayers and like Yahoo.
He's my buddy.
Yeah, right.
Can't stand him.
And I say, how's that Fah Makedo with that bad hair piece?
You always say, he's an asshole.
How's kid career doing at Pau 96 with those gigantic ratings they got?
He's an asshole.
Yeah, you always come up with these.
Don't you like anybody?
No.
You're a problem.
Because kid career put on, see, this is the only reason I know about this.
Remember, he gave me this CD the other day because I asked him for these two songs.
I thought he was going to like bring me the CDs like some spare copies.
Since they probably have 500 copies of everything over there.
And he brought me this stuff.
They burned it for me.
They burned Enrique on there.
And they burned the Nick and I dee degrees.
In fact, I think they burned it about 250 degrees.
What the hell is this?
It's a Kanda.
So you know what the first song is that I'm going to record by the way?
Here you go.
You believe me?
No.
No.
I don't like that one as well as his other hit.
Navidad, chocha.
Oh, you're brutal.
You're just...
What's the difference between this one and the live as well?
Zero.
There is no difference.
People are different but they're listening.
It's just...
It's just...
It's just...
It's just...
It's just...
It's just...
It's just...
I like...
I like...
Other than that flaming screamer that Cristiano...
I like most of the Latin recording like Shai John and Luis Miguel and Enrique.
I like most of those guys.
And Selena, Reston, Peace.
I mean, they were all pretty damn good.
Why?
Yeah.
I'm talking about me.
I don't give a crap about you.
We all know about your problems, okay?
We know about your problems.
I'm talking me.
They know about my problems and that's part of the problem.
Okay.
Is...
It's just called...
He is the problem.
I think that's the problem of the whole world right now.
It's just...
It's just nauseating.
Listen.
It sounds like he's sneering his way through that song, you know?
Yaaaaaayyyy...
Yeah.
And the girls out there, they were laughing it up, man, and the music too.
They're sucking it up.
And, uh, yeah.
I'm serious.
And they're grabbing him.
You know, they're getting...
Oh, and did you read the article about his parents over there at Specs?
And the security got these two big, in fact, here's the picture.
Take a look at these gigantic security guys they got.
They all look like Maddie Leshin from Wamy.
I mean, big.
They must be Israelis.
Oh, no, it's three of them.
Oh, four of them.
To keep...
Look at that, they have got a tight cordon off there between him and those young ladies,
although sweaty, a pre-pubescently young ladies behind him.
And even some post-pubescent who should know better.
That's as close as they're getting.
I'll tell you that right now.
Because...
I don't want to say it.
5-6-7-0-5-60, 0.5-60, on the AT&T wireless line.
That's the world for you, ladies and gentlemen.
The only one is people emoting, getting emotional, hysterical,
over people who are untouchable, like...
Raw!
And the water Nazi and the Scrooan, the untouchables.
And Sam, of course, with his big temporary office for the next 20 years.
What a joke that is.
Oh, and by the way, here it is, the 11th of May, 1999.
Did our program director get his death yet?
No.
Okay.
Almost forgot about that.
Don't let me forget.
By the way, tomorrow afternoon, you better go home early.
Tomorrow 430 on the MTV.
All of it is again 1030 tomorrow night in case you missed it at 430.
It's B and B.
It's Brittany and the Backstreet Boys.
A whole half hour and hour hover along, it's going to be of them like doing it.
Are they going to be doing it?
I don't think so.
When you put that down at Rolling Stone, see, and I'm the one that turned you on to her
in the first place, by the way, Brittany Spears.
Leave it to an old bag like me to find somebody that pretty, okay?
She's even prettier than Nick in the 98 degrees.
She's got a better nose anyway.
Although she's not prettier than the guy in the beach in that video.
What do you think I was watching it for?
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how are you doing?
Great.
Out of Ricky, whatever his name is, and then Ricky Gleza.
Which one do you think is the best?
Who's the better looking?
Oh, definitely, and Ricky.
And Ricky?
Yeah, you can say get that big mole off his post.
That's it.
I think he borrowed that from Frank Fort from Channel 10 Sports.
Why do people that have a bad, I mean, I got one over my eyebrow, but I look like crap anyway,
so it makes no difference.
But why do people who are like big celebrities, like Peggy Lee used to have that, that's before your time?
But the various recording artists have all these things, you know, on their posts.
With all the money they have, they should just take them off.
Yeah, with the money that Ricky's got, he should take it off.
Wow.
Okay, like.
Okay, have a great day.
I think maybe he figures it detracts from the attention for his very small penis.
Now, how does Sam know that, by the way?
How does a real macho guy who's getting laid every two or three hours, like Sam, the Sham, our Promotion Man?
How does he know that a Ricky's got a very small penis?
Maybe they hung out in a hot tub.
They hung it out.
5667-0560, while are you Latin, guys, you know?
5667-0560, pound 560 on the 18T wireless line.
Next, their motto, shower power.
Here's the lady in South Miami.
Hello?
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, Neil.
How are you?
Great.
I just wanted to tell you, if you wanted to save a couple of bucks, you could try looking
on the internet.
I just got a CD burner and 50 CDs because each CD comes from like $3 to $4.
Right.
So, on the internet, I got my order to film and they gave me $50 and we're shipping and handling
and everything.
Right.
So, it's a $49.
So each one is like a dollar a piece.
Wow.
So, and my-
Now, these are the CDRs that you can play anywhere.
Yeah.
280.
280?
Yeah.
I found it on my internet.
I don't have that.
I just with me now because I'm at work, but-
Well, now, this one is like a double decade.
You can be crying out if you have to work it up with the other CD player.
No.
Well, I do it right on my computer, but I could- you could play it anywhere.
You could play on a CD player and, you know, do anything.
Great.
I think I'm getting-
Well, when Mel comes tomorrow, I'm going to tell him I'm going to make him an offer he can't
refuse.
Yeah, do a little research on the internet and you get a real good deal.
Okay.
Thanks, sweetheart.
Take care.
Bye-bye.
I'm going to go ahead and go down.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, what?
Well, if you can say, you, I'm down, I can say, go ahead and go down.
I mean, what makes people think that Jews get things?
And you know me, I will usually pay more.
I play retail plus 10.
I always get a bad deal.
I'm just not- I'm just not good at business.
It's stuff like that.
I'm really crappy at that.
Look at all the stuff I can get for free if I had any-
Just a little bit of a brain, you know?
I could probably get a free-a-system at home from Colorgon.
Oh, I did.
Okay, let's go to night school and air-crisis.
Collagen there, my buddy's there.
Collagen water the best in the universe.
You know, I took that and they also put in a brand new water softener for me too.
I had one before that they were servicing.
And they said, no, let's yank that old crappy thing out and put in our own.
And this is the honest thing in this truth.
I take a shower this morning.
It must take like a couple of days for the assault mallet to like soak in there or something.
And it was like silk.
My skin felt like silky.
In fact, I was just grabbing myself in the shower.
So I had my arms around myself and nobody else would touch me so why not?
No, it was amazing.
Here's a tamarack, Hello?
Hello, you put them out Ricky Martin.
Is this the same guy that played with Gilbert Perot and Rene Robé?
Yeah.
Okay, let me ask you something.
Buffalo savers, right?
Since you guys are talking about Latin music today, what ever happened to Iris Shacon?
Iris.
Iris Shacon?
Right, you don't know who she is?
No, George got it though. She had to be just being in his pants. George just changes underwear.
I could just change his underwear.
Just change his people.
Let me ask you at the end about the organization. They had the ticket prices today in the newspaper.
How come nobody is calling about this by the way?
Nobody knows nothing about hockey.
You know what, we had all these season ticket holders. How come that? I mean, I got my letter
in the mail yesterday.
They didn't wake up yet.
No.
Is this the only organization that charges different prices for the same sheet if you
receive some ticket holder versus individual ticket?
I have no idea.
I mean, he does the same thing Pimple Puts for the baseball games also.
Yeah. I mean, is this the only place that does this and is dead state? They don't know
what anywhere else.
Right.
I was just curious.
Okay, I'll see if the game's in October.
Now what does Sam tell us?
Edie's Chocón.
Edie's?
Oh, he's what are these guys saying?
Horace?
Well, he's trying to anglicize it a little bit.
Look at that.
That's what Ricky Martin successes lay do.
You know, these guys, I mean, Luis Miguel is one of the few guys who has made all of
this money because unfortunately for him, he never learned to speak English.
I'm not talking with my update about Edie's.
I'll let you finish your update.
But my point being that the reason Ricky Martin is so big now and that these articles
in here, Ricky Martin's cross over, I don't think they're talking about his costume.
I mean, his cross, not cross dressing is crossover from strictly the Latino market to
the Anglo market for whatever reason that is.
Yes, go ahead.
So she waits 400 pounds now.
Yeah.
She used to look really good.
But so much so in fact that she's the first person that Stan ever masturbated to.
What last week?
Who is this?
Edie?
I don't even know who that is.
Puerto Rican, Huchi Kuchi singer.
I don't know who that is.
That was that we weren't.
It was Stan with and Ricky at the time or was he like by himself?
Maybe they had a race.
Or was he with Mama Sita at the time?
I don't know what.
I mean, what can't?
It's almost lunchtime and you tell him, we have to hear stories.
About Stan masturbating Jesus Christ.
Oh my God.
The thought of Sam even having a penis is enough to make me want to throw up right now.
Okay?
Or anybody that looks like the absolute dead twin of the dead Andrew Conan.
And I mean, this guy is in here telling us sexual, like he's erotic.
God, I'd rather take a shower with Fatboy and I'd rather be dead before like I even saw
Fatboy again much less took a shower with him.
Then hear about Sam and his diddling, you know?
I think I think it was Ricky Martin that he was a.
Diddle and two four minutes before noon at 560 WQM.
That's a good poll question though, okay?
Different celebrities that people in this audience have masturbated to besides the
near-rounders show.
That's a good one.
If you need new athletics shoes, cross.
Don't you see what he has?
I'm dead.
Little sports modern day.
Judge Judy, you know she's tough.
Hey, if I want any more lip-out of you, Mr. I'll scrape it off my gavel when I smack
you in the mouth.
You know she's home-spot.
Look, don't pee on my leg and tell me it's right now.
But now, Judge Judy is taking it to the limit in an all-new, prime time special.
Debrose.
Judge Judy.
Come on, un-packs.
The Attorney General of the Great State of Texas is allowing death row inmates to have
their final appeal heard on TV before.
Debrose Judge Judy.
You'll see it, Judge.
Do you want to look like a discount for the liability you?
You must be crazy.
If you think I'm gonna buy that load of crap.
I sentence you to death by the electric chair you are sitting in now.
Any last words before I like you up on National TV?
Can I get a cigarette in any way?
Now, you'll be smoking, thrown in a fructing, proudest way.
That justice.
Death row Judge Judy's style.
Should I sign in?
Fine.
Provo 2 at 560 WQ.
I didn't mention this big story in any business section.
They son-sentinel and WIOD radio to share news content.
W-I-O-D.
Oh, I hate that station.
Radio station WIOD 610AM on Monday.
Again, broadcasting news updates provided by the son-sentinel marking the launch of
a new media partnership in South Florida.
Like that's the first time they've been reading the news out of the newspaper.
I mean, let's get serious, okay?
Son-sentinel is desperate, okay?
They got news that they got alliances with JNO, with IOD, with every goddamn WIOD stations
that haven't been on the area.
Is it helping?
No.
No.
Speaking of our local newspapers, I think this is Fred Grimm's in the Herald, isn't it?
This has got to be from the Herald.
Don't bet on General Bob.
He's got this big article about Bobby Butterworth.
It says, if only he had long blonde hair and perhaps to go T, then Casino stands historic
comparison would seem more apt.
Attorney General Butterworth as General George Armstrong custard.
And he goes on about Casino Stan, Stan Worthheimer, who's been writing us, how many years now?
400 years?
He's been sending us those big to the convales.
Here's a guy that can't even afford a bar of coast hasn't showered in seven years.
My good friend Stan.
Keep those great stories about the child molesting, please come in by the way Stan.
But other than that, talk about a one-dimensional guy with that burned out skin.
Have you ever seen Matt Stan?
Too much time in the sun.
He's got skin like shoelaces of this guy.
But anyway, he's obsessed with Casino gambling.
Buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, just one no-chine.
And the child molesting, please.
Keep those letters, come and stand.
But he actually, there's a whole article here about him and Bobby Butterworth and basically
said nothing.
Nice going, pretty grim Fred.
5, 6, 7, 05, 6, 8, pound, 5, 6, 8 on a mobile one line.
Our topic today, famous celebrities you've masturbated to in the last week.
Let's go to, well, then you say in the last week, Sam.
I think that's what he said in the last hour.
Who was it?
Idle of Pino.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I don't know about Ricky Martin, but Dana Plato.
She's dead, baby.
No kidding.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Is that a bulldoin?
No.
That's old news.
That's old and stale, just like Dana.
Okay.
5, 6, 7, I guess what Kate Smith ain't feeling good either.
These people have come up with this stuff that's like from two days ago.
Come on, man.
Get into the 20th century.
I know you're in Miami, so a little bit into behind.
In the times, but let's get with it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Kendall.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Great.
Listen, we're wondering what it like best.
Do you like top bomber?
Yeah.
We were wondering.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
In your case, none of the above.
Okay, pal?
Blow out your ass.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello, now.
Yes.
In your 80s, I've gone, if I'm not mistaken, and you can have stores on this, I think she
pretty much pioneered the g-string.
Yeah.
I mean, she was like, what is she about, 73 now?
Uh, about 73,000 maybe.
Uh-huh.
I mean, she used to be like, you know, one of those real past solid, solid, whole-y old
shakes.
She couldn't cover her ass.
She was like Carmen Miranda without the crown.
Like, like, like, like, smut Carmen Miranda.
Uh-huh.
She was like, you know, showing all the flesh and sticky, sticky, sticky, sticky, sticky
sticky, sticky, sticky, sticky, sticky, sticky, sticky, sticky.
Yeah.
About Ricky Martin, I mean, that video for La Chocolata, he's like, uh, I mean, there's a lot
of window dressing because, I mean, he's a fruit.
I mean, it's all obvious.
And you have that, that is not our list, by the way, George, you've heard of La Fruta.
You know, like, you know, like, that, you've shared, I mean, she has a thousand and three
years old, but she hasn't been to this video.
All these young people kind of like, you know, the last shot of the year.
Yeah.
I mean, this is probably more facial photo.
She doesn't even have facial expressions anymore.
Yeah.
Anyway, this new song by Ricky Martin.
Thanks, Will.
Fine.
Forget it.
Ho Chi Co Chi, he's the Ho Chi Co Chi man baby make no mistake about it.
It's got nothing to do with the words, it's got nothing to do with his voice, it's not
really anything to do with the way he looks with his latest incarnation of a Ricky Martin,
the 80th incarnation which he does look pretty good now, he looks pretty good.
But it's that Ho Chi Co Chi and that's the whole thing, that's what it's all about.
Yeah, you know what it reminds me of?
I don't want to play it.
Because he's a pedophile.
After games, you know, it's that crap again, you know, the Ho Chi Co Chi, they're all moving
or juking or jiving.
I mean it gets a little bit stale and old after the first 50 trillion times, you know.
Here's a mobile invoker, hello.
Hey my nigga Neil.
Yeah, nigga Neil here.
Get past that, look, I recently got a gateway computer and we had a CD burner on that.
Yeah.
So I want to had a record of some CDs but there's this major glitch in the whole thing and
this is what I think they're trying to prevent the bootleggers out there.
Is there a sugar in the wood pile?
Yeah, exactly.
It cuts off two seconds off the last part of the song, no matter what song it is, what
you do cuts off two seconds.
So you'll be listening to your nigga loka and it'll just chop off the two seconds at
the end.
You might not like that.
I would like that.
In fact, if it's chopped off two minutes, I'd be happy on that song.
But other than that, I would be happy about that.
Maybe something about three minutes too long.
Yeah, right.
It's about not.
Never mind.
It should have never came out.
But anyways, Britney Spears, I don't know.
I moved her out.
I didn't see it.
It looked exactly the same and finest woman out there right now is the knee-trigger.
So in my words, you wouldn't do Britney Spears, is that what you're saying?
I don't know.
She looks like she's been a lick one too many times.
You know what I mean?
In other words, in other words, if she was desperate and wanted you to help her out, you
might consider it.
Maybe.
I can't see that because my wife is listening.
All right.
Good luck to you, sir.
All right.
Because ex-wife is listening right now.
He wants her bad, sweetheart.
Whether they're real or not.
That business about the real.
Who cares?
I'm sorry.
I'm not buying it.
I'm not believing it for one second.
It's an elame excuse for the fact that you never got your hands on it to a hot young
number.
That's all.
You know, keep making excuses.
It's not for real.
You know, it's like Peter North.
What if that's not for real?
560, 560.
And 0.560.
I know we got to play this, right?
Right.
Is that thing real?
Eight minutes after knowing that 560, WQA, and don't miss the biggest autumn out of a
vent of the year, it's time for the year.
Yeah, yeah.
That was the time for the year.
To the day again.
Star.
War.
Good God, yo.
That's what we've had in war.
We've sick.
It's called day 50.
We've been waiting for so many long to see the mother can come all day long.
That's all they do now.
I bet it's wrong to wait in my swift tough and out there.
Star.
War.
Good God, yo.
That's what we've had in life.
He's going to win.
He's going to sit again.
Star.
War.
Good.
That's what we've had in life.
We've had so many long to see the mother.
It's called day 50.
Good God, yo.
We shall win the Jedi.
Bring on the super.
Star.
OK, let's get Star Wars intensive, OK?
No.
No, thank you.
1213 at 560 WQM.
Is Joe Costello in the building?
Is he in the building?
We need Joe Costello in the next couple of minutes because when he sees this, wow.
By the way, I thought about it for a couple of minutes.
The first record I'm going to put on CD when I get my burner tomorrow is...
That's another cut from that awful Ricky Martin CD.
Can you see what I'm saying?
It's all that Ho Chi Cootie.
Oh man, he's so...
Anyway, when you get the Ricky Martin CD, which I'm sure most of you will be going out and getting it right now,
be masturbating into it by 4 o'clock.
But at any rate, so there's...
If you open up the insert, the package insert there, and you go to the...
You open up the first page.
There is a picture on the right hand side, so help me God.
Here, wait till you see this, Joe.
And at least he's sitting with his legs crossed.
On the floor, looking off to the side.
This is the face-looking picture.
I have it.
Even Fey Wain looks worse compared to this picture.
And he's holding his feet.
I wanted you to see Ricky Martin's feet.
There you go.
Right in the middle of the lunch hour, there you go.
And it looks like he's holding his feet down so he doesn't float away.
You don't want him to call you, Joe?
Yeah, I wanted you to see the feet.
Take a sniff.
Take a sniff of Ricky Martin's feet.
What do you think?
Huh?
Wow.
We'll get the picture of Enrique with his feet up there.
I asked him, what do you think of Ricky's feet?
He said, they stuck.
Wow.
That picture.
Woo!
We.
Man, Ricky, I mean, come on, sweetheart.
But he's kicking ass.
Maybe he's making millions and millions.
So we can afford to have a sense of humor.
Or not as the case, maybe we really don't care.
Wow.
I can't believe I see that picture.
Anybody's got the CD out there?
Just open that up and you'll...
You'll hear it.
Here's West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Yes, Neil.
How you doing?
Great.
Yeah, I have a question.
I really hope you don't hang up on me.
But every time...
Probably, you probably will.
And I won't hate you.
Because anytime anybody says that,
that's what usually ends up happening.
I mean, it's not a really good way to begin a conversation.
I know.
It's like starting out a conversation by, hey, you know, you're an asshole,
but let's talk anyway, you know.
No, trust me.
I don't think of you that way.
That's okay.
I've listened to you now for a couple of months.
Yeah, I just started listening to you for a couple of months.
Well, where the hell have you been?
I've been working all the time.
I'm able to listen to the radio.
Okay.
Well, then you can be excused for your lack of understanding,
whatever you want to know.
Maybe.
I hear you once in a while say,
Oscar K.
You're me, this.
What is exactly if that's supposed to mean?
Why am I going to hang up on you on that?
Because you're...
I know it ties right in,
because we're talking Spanish music today.
Luis Miguel.
Do you know who Luis Miguel is?
Of course I do.
Well, there you go.
One of his big hit songs was Oscar K.
Neil Vitas, which means until you forget me.
And, you know, it's just better to say Oscar K.
You're me, this.
Oh, God!
Oh, that is hilarious.
Oh.
Oh, but now you can laugh when I say it,
although I'm not quite in that same way, I hope.
No, because I probably will.
Because we will come and take you away with the butterfly in it.
Yeah, butterfly.
Well, sir, you have a good day and don't take any crap from anybody.
Okay, and have a great life.
You too.
And Oscar K.
Oscar La Pasta.
Basta, Cordola Pasta.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I'm going to be starting to do the show by lingual and bisexual pretty soon.
We haven't had any takers on it, I think, because they're too embarrassed to call in.
I mean, I used to have a picture of Pat Boone and a bathing suit when I was a young man.
I don't want to say that I jerked off to it.
I don't want to say that.
Pat Boone.
Of all people, huh?
He looked so good and it goes to show you, but don't judge a book by its cover or whatever that says.
Turned in to be a real religious nut.
We also had that Boone in the box where he was doing that little college prank.
Were Pat anybody having any of those anymore?
No.
We were giving those away at INZ, the old Boone in the box, pictures from Hustler Magazine.
Pat had his f***ing stick and right through a cardboard box, little college prank.
I guess maybe that's what kind of turned him around, so to speak, and made him into the religious fanatic that he is today.
Even though, of course, he's become a heavy metal, he's doing anything to try to make a fast buck,
because he's old wrinkled up and don't look good anymore.
Boy, he sure looked good back then, man.
In fact, this bathing suit was so tight that it looked like he had a banana in his pantaloonies.
You know what I'm saying?
Pat Boone.
Now, that takes quite a man to come on here and admit that.
But these people out here, they're probably rubbing themselves raw to that Britney Spears picture on Rolling Stone right now.
They can't even grab over the anctophone.
Here's the four-lawterdale.
Hello?
Good afternoon, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you, sir?
Great.
Good, I'm glad to hear that.
Just got back from Vegas.
All right.
Fantastic trip.
Stayed at the Mirage, though.
Yeah.
But I have to tell you, uh...
Why do you say it that way?
It sounds like...
Well, I know that you, uh...
I know where you enjoy staying.
Yeah, the MGM, but I mean, not everybody can stay at the MGM.
There's a lot of good places to stay.
How is the Mirage for staying at?
Actually, the Mirage is not bad.
It's a very nice room.
I don't spend very much time in there.
So, uh...
And you can't beat the prices.
You're talking, uh...
Basically, uh...
70 anywhere between $70 and $79 a night.
Right.
Which isn't too bad.
Great.
And, uh... you know, it's a great...
It's a great happy-go-lucky time.
I didn't lose my shirt, so I can't really complain.
And, uh...
I had a great time out there.
I always do when I go out there.
I wanted to ask you, Neil, about the, uh...
the, uh...
My Ainess song, which is a fantastic song.
But at the very end, they say,
My Ainess smells...
And then I can't really make out the word.
Are they throwing something over that?
Because it's a dirty word or...
Yeah, there's a little bleep in there, real...
Okay.
Okay, that's what I thought.
SH, yeah.
Okay, that's...
That's what I thought.
That's what I thought, but I wasn't sure I could never make it out after.
Oh, there you go.
I've heard it several times.
Well, they're not speaking the same languages as you may have been.
And as far as the Maple Leafs go, I'm very excited about the game tonight, Neil.
Uh...
I do have to tell you, I know you and me both.
We hate one nothing, two one games.
But I feel that, uh...
This game's going to be one of those games tonight.
Oh, no, don't say that.
I like that.
I mean, you know, the Leafs, you got all these guys that are overdoing here.
Come on, Stevie Sullivan.
Let's break out of it here, sweetheart.
And Yannick Perot and Sergey Bererson.
You know, there's nine legitimate scores on that team.
It's about time some of them stepped up there and started sticking it in there.
Well, I tell you, Neil, if...
They talk about the Sundine, you know, and about the fact he was in a funk.
Okay, he had his big night the other night.
He got two goals and two assists.
He came through nice.
But how about...how about Derek King?
How about all these other guys who are a big hot shot scores?
Let's go, Mike Johnson.
Let's go, baby.
Well, I tell you what, Neil, I really sincerely believe that it.
And it's not going to be easy and it's not over yet with Pittsburgh.
Yeah.
But if we can get past Pittsburgh, we really, really have a great shot.
Not only because there's only one series left to get to the Stanley Cup,
but I feel that our team is completely equal in goal tenning in offense as far as Boston and Buffalo go.
But I think our team defense really is a lot better.
See, I think the key to that game the other night is the fact that Carpets have got back in line up.
He missed a couple games with the injury.
I mean, here's the guy that led the league in plus minus with a plus 40 and nobody talks about him.
Well, everything they did this year came small and like roses.
It was unbelievable.
They bring Lanny Bahannas in for that game the other night.
He gets the first goal.
He gets two assists.
He played great.
They get Carpets in from the Rangers with an awful Matthew Schneider,
which everybody hates like poison.
He went over the plus 40.
Stevie Thomas has a gigantic year.
Every move they made came out small and like a rose.
It was fantastic.
I'm telling you, it's going to be a very, very, very nice summer,
this summer, Neil.
Even if we don't win another game, it'll be great.
Oh, please.
We're going to win this family cup.
That's why it's going to be such a wonderful summer.
All right.
Got it.
I'm going to be a significant after the meal.
And back by.
And how about those guys that they are trying for all that stuff and make a league current?
So we don't want to talk about that.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Yeah, nobody has nothing to say.
I guess I must be the only one who got my letter about renewing my season tickets at the Amat Karina.
I just, I'm going to share that.
I'm just tired of it.
There is no interest like the guy said before.
There is no interest.
It's just astonishing to me.
No wonder they can get away with doing whatever they want in there.
They don't care about how your seats are, whether you can see the grill light.
Because nobody else cares.
They don't give a crap.
It's just a place to go and hang out.
In a very boring town.
Thank you.
God.
Why do I keep wasting my time with that crap?
5, 6, 7, 05, what is that stuff you got in there?
What is that perverted?
What is that?
It's a bunch of tapes and CDs.
Yeah.
What's that on top of it?
It looks like the sort of speaker.
Now you're having his high-key material.
Yeah.
It's a pornographic crap.
Well what is that?
What is that?
Jesus Christ, it's about time we got some good pornography in here.
That looks pretty interesting.
Who the hell was that?
Good.
God Almighty.
You call that a penis?
Wow.
Too bad we don't have a little TV in here.
We don't have whanny anymore.
Get that in here right away.
Forget about what's in the box.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the mobile one line.
Maybe I can answer my own question in a few minutes.
Here's Kendall.
Forget about Pat Boone.
Kendall, hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Hi Neil.
First time call I just want to say how really great it is to talk to you.
My main niggas now you know.
All right.
Anyhow I was in Walgreens the other night online about a month of time.
That's 6 or 7 people in front of me.
The lady at the camera count that was opening her line through customers only she explained it out.
She called it out in Spanish.
All right.
And unfortunately I never got the online that anyhow that's the way it is down here.
They're opening it up only for a Spanish speaking concert later.
Like being a tourist in your own town.
Right.
And then that's about it guys.
Okay.
All right thanks be it time.
Ostequay.
Okay so here's a whole bunch of stuff about CD a burners.
The CD are and the PD are and this and that and on and on.
Wow.
And I said the the wholesale price we have for the CD twin is 309 apiece.
They let's all look at it better keep some of this stuff.
We're getting all kinds of people out there.
They want to pedal us all kinds of good stuff and give me a great price and so on.
Here's the CD twin or the CD are.
And on it goes I'm opening up a whole new avenue because the first song that I'm going to have on here is going to be.
Oh yeah.
Here we go.
Look up sweetheart.
Are you sure there's a lot of important I just heard the same thing else in there.
What is that?
What's in this?
I'm just saying we don't get the best of them.
I'm talking about a wimpy voice.
That's well they remember that woman before that was getting all emotional and hysterical about that from his previous CD which I went out and wasted money on.
Volvo.
Yeah.
He drives the Volvo.
Oh and this is more pornography in here that you just brought me because well I see the hand right watch mark my words.
Okay.
Watch me open it up and take a look at what's in there.
Okay.
Well don't throw it away.
We have takers for them.
I don't want to.
Yeah but you do.
Okay.
Give him his magazine back to his Rolling Stone.
Oh.
Hey sailor.
Yeah this is a KS junior man.
Twenty how about 200 years he's been sending him for pornography in the mail.
I can't even say it.
560.
560.
0560.
On the mobile one line.
I'm very bizarre.
Well I started with that Ricky Martin Crap in the newspaper this morning.
I got out of bed this morning.
There was Ricky Martin.
I walked out into the street.
I got to get in my car.
Everybody look.
He's all over the place like a spreading disease.
And the verdict of this audience this morning was almost unanimous.
They said, Mardi Cone is what they said which I thought was a little bit out of line.
Wasn't it?
No.
25 past noon at QAN.
There's only one place in the entire state that you can enjoy a nighttime life harness racing.
Horse racing of any kind and that's Pomp and O Park.
And maybe someday Carol or one of those other people over there will give me some new coffee.
But I guess tomorrow night when I go to the track, I'll have to pick this stuff out of the program again and find out the
CycleCast schedule and everything else for May.
But let me just mention this.
We got live harness racing every Wednesday, Friday and Saturday.
And CycleCasting with Matt and A's every day evenings Monday through Saturday.
And at Pomp and O Park you always get free parking, free grandstand admission.
And the poker room is open every live racing night.
Like I said, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday.
Now tomorrow night, May 12th, check out the special harness racing discovery night party.
It's a chance for you to learn all about harness racing, handicapping, how to bet.
It's a free party with snacks, so does lots of cool door prizes.
So if you want to reserve your spot call 954-972-2000.
Feel the power of Pomp and O Park with horse power you can bet on.
Pomp and O Harness, one block south of Atlanta, Pull of Art on Powerline Road, just a mile west of I-95.
See you tomorrow night. Don't forget Wednesday, Friday and Saturday,
CycleCasting and Great Live Harness Racing in Pomp and O Park.
First post time, 7.35 in the PM.
Thank you.
Yeah.
Go the **** yourself.
What about which we had to eat today?
We placed my notches in this picture that I got.
It's dark naked, the legs wide open, and a big smile on the twist.
It's a real love.
See you now.
When the squader back, it's lonely.
The likes received was better wise.
Some people say that number eight is gay.
Are you sure?
They say Troy loves the big brown eyes.
Ackman.
He goes down on his knees, Ackman.
It's guy he likes, but please Ackman.
He loves the staff cowboys on their behind.
He's got a spotless reputation.
America's team is world renowned.
What is Troy gay?
I've heard some people say in the heartle he goes down.
Oh, Ackman.
He goes down on his knees, Ackman.
I can't suppose to squeeze Ackman.
Don't live in cause he likes it from behind.
I dropped 31 and 5.50.
You're in the middle of all these pictures.
Most of which looks a lot better from a distance through the window by the way, George.
But in the middle of all this, when I was in the box, that's what I'm, what is that?
Nothing of consequence.
Dan Citi's that you don't like.
Oh, this is from Tracy and Eerie?
No, this is from Dick.
That's flamingo records.
Oh, this is from that dick.
Speaking of that, so anyway, I'm leaping through these pictures.
Of course, not looking too closely because I'm in it my advanced stage.
I don't want to get too accurate away.
And here is a picture.
And I look at a face and looks awfully familiar to me.
Stark naked with a big bang hanging out with his legs spread wide in a very provocative pose with his hand back like a...
Yeah, it's Troy Ackman.
But of course, you know, these computers generated pictures and they put one guy's head on the body and they put some guys on, you know, someplace else.
So only the Shandermost for sure if that's really true or not.
I think this deserves a special place in the sports station.
Can you see all these super jocks?
Oh, yeah.
Let's get this up on the wall in the hall.
Have a ball.
Y'all.
They'll be having a nervous breakdown.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's a pompano.
Hello.
Hello there.
Yes, sir.
Hi, Neil. How are you today?
Okay.
My name is Moshe Levin.
I'm a paramedic from Fort Lauderdale.
And I was wondering if I could...
Oh, I was wondering if I can invite you and your listeners to attend an event that we're having?
No.
No.
It's called CPR Day.
Yeah.
It's free to the public, all residents of South Florida, and it's going to be May 22nd at Nova,
South Eastern University.
And we're going to try to train thousands of people in CPR.
Great.
And can I give the number please?
Yes, anything you like.
Sure.
Oh, problem.
If anyone's listening.
If anyone is listening.
Thank you.
If anyone is listening out there and you'd like to learn CPR for free, it's May 22nd.
Right.
And the number is 759-7400.
Again, this is the American Heart Association 759-7400.
And Neil, we hope that you could join us as well.
No.
Okay.
Thank you, sir.
Thanks a lot, Slimy.
Goodbye.
Okay.
Zagazoon.
Okay, we got 200 open lines here.
Now, 567-0560, 05-60, the Automobile One Line.
As usual, the South Florida audience about as much fun as they are coronary.
They just can't get into the swimmer, but you know?
They got off on a Ricky Martin thing, real good.
I'll give him credit for that.
Maddick Cohen, that was the whole world over.
We got on.
That's the reason.
That is.
Talk to anybody.
Say that's a good song.
I'll sing it.
I'll sing it.
I'll sing it.
I'll sing it.
I see you were laughing before because you're not an Enrique fan.
You make all kinds of noise.
Which I, if you're, you know, just keep your button, your lip button or whatever.
I won't pass it along.
Even the saying that Enrique was in temper comments about Enrique and his music.
But you would have to admit that he's spectacular compared to that.
No, they're about the same.
No, you wrong.
Absolutely.
They both suck.
You just don't like the fact that Enrique did that one album in the Tadiana.
You're just jealous.
Five, well, the last part could be right.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, Palm five, 60, Unimable one line.
Only San knows for sure and he ain't telling.
He's busy in there with his pictures of Irma Bombak, whoever it is.
Here's the Miami.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Talking about Ricky Martin.
Do you want to hear Ricky Martin's first hit in Latin America?
No.
No, you want to hear it?
You got it?
Yeah, I got it right here.
Well, now this isn't a Manudo thing.
You mean Ricky Martin?
No, this was like the first thing that made him famous in Latin America when he hit the
ball.
What is it's name of it?
Maria.
Maria?
It's basically, it sounds the same as what he's doing now.
They just changed a little bit the lyrics and the little bit of the play.
Oh, wait a minute.
That's just one moment please.
Is that the new album has also got Maria?
It does.
How do you like that?
Well, let me play a little free, a little sound better coming from this direction.
Okay.
One moment please.
And you'll be able to tell if it's the same thing.
Let's see.
Maria, Spanish radio edit, it's here.
That's it.
Yeah, that's it.
Now, how come the sounds of statements, I'll cover it with a Uno Dose phrase.
Yeah.
I think it's Uno Dose phrase.
That thing is old.
That thing came out.
Who could say it for me?
Who could say it for me?
Who could say it for me?
I think it came out in 96.
That's not now.
Nothing blows.
Yeah, that's it.
Yeah, but you know, they got bad.
I don't know if Ricky Martin is a fag or not.
I don't say that.
I'm just asking how you would describe it and everybody says,
Maticon, whatever that means.
Yeah, but I know Ricky Glashley sure is a fag.
How do you know that?
I don't know.
He just acts weird and he looks like dirty.
He looks like he doesn't take a bath.
He looks grimy.
He looks nasty, disgusting.
He has a horrible singing voice and he has no performance.
Well, you'll be pleased to know that the Trayakman looks real clean in this picture.
In fact, it looks like he just got out of the shower in this picture we got.
Trayakman.
Oh, but you'd be impressed by the size of his head a great day.
Okay, five.
I mean, really impressed.
Look at that.
That thing is laying over almost to his knee.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, eight,
pound five, six, eight, on the mobile one.
Put that Brad Pitt to shame.
I'll tell you that.
Boy, it's squawney little pencil.
You've heard of pencil neck geek.
Well, we can change that around just a little bit.
Here's a Davey.
Hello.
Okay, nice talking to you too.
Well, anti-social in there, Davey, maybe they're horse just right off on them.
Here's a mobile and Jupiter.
Hello.
Mobile and Jupiter.
Okay, that's two in a row.
Let's try for three.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Bill.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
I just want to say about a little trip I'm going to make in June 4th,
Pete, July 5th.
Yes, sir.
You're Italian to Rome.
Rome to Naples Beach.
Then go to the Oligopree, a Mosseumet,
Sicily, and Combo.
Great.
Fantastic, I didn't trip, huh?
Damn right.
19 days away from the spec.
Great.
See the other spec can get a blood transfusion.
Yeah.
Have a good time.
Okay, I'll read it out to you.
Okay, guys.
Okay, that's the key or whatever.
Here's a guy going to Italian, maybe where the real people are, where the real food is.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
if you call and mention the Neo-Rider show, Charlie will knock $200 off the purchase price of that new hair system. So get you some hair, start looking human, forget about that Wayne Hypingha look. Pick up that instrument right now and call them full free 1-800-321-2413. That's the Charles Alfie Erie Studios in Fort Lauderdale, call them right now, 1-800-321-2413.
There we go. I'm on Fort Sramiel, I'm 50 W and T Lane. Father in law, would you get off my butt? No. If your daughter's so perfect, why'd she bury such a putt? Father in law, you think you better than me? Well, I don't need a cafeteria and I am capable TV. Always wearing black shoes.
With, for me, here to short, you complain about satiacus, you won't drive it in the board. You're much swearing in the movies, you're many thorns at the beach. Everyone except Greg, it should have been in the beach. Father in law, you're like driving big cars. And you hate eating music, then it has a guitar.
Father in law, you tell me I am a creep, but I ain't clipping coupons every day of the week. I'm something like you. Don't go to the dog track. I don't drink hot coffee when I eat a thing, man. You're a daughter in my wife. I will not destroy her. You're just gonna have to get over it.
You need to bury us, I am.
That's our full question today, by the way, who's the more annoying?
Joanna Jackson or Ricky Martin? Never seemed together, by the way. So anyway, we learned one thing that Ricky can count at least to three.
We'll find a place to live.
We'll find a place to live.
Yeah, one of those stories. Every song, one of those stories, over and over, one of those stories.
Ho Chi, co Chi, co Chi, co, there you go. Biggest thing in the world right now. You wonder why they were dropping bombs on Bill Gray and why the Chinese are marching and protesting.
And people are shooting each other in school. You wonder why?
56670560, pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Here's the mobile informer. Hello?
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir.
I don't know what's wrong with all those guys over Miami, but on the Britney Spears subject.
Yes. I guess this is the good thing I've got to speak to Paul.
Because I'm not going to be able to read this Rolling Stone when I get done with it.
Got all three hands busy right now.
All three of them. Yeah.
And I'm not a fact, but you know, we believe you.
James Dean when he was a, you know, a young guy who James Dean before he got himself.
Yeah. You know, me and him and a couple peers and I think I could make like Monica and Sokus court for him.
But I think we need to take those off those apologies that they're breaking down over there in Europe and send him over to China and clear out of space around the embassy there.
Okay, you did that or the Urquay, one of the other. Okay, whatever you said.
He's not gay, but James Dean was.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line.
We got two calls left and a board hour and 15 minutes to go. That's not a good sign.
We started off on a real high note today.
Maybe we'll just let them all call up and say, Matt McCone again, get out of their system.
Huh? That'll kill another hour.
Matt McCone, that's basically the, you know, their material.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line.
Don't ever even think. Don't even ever dream of mentioning that word panther on his show again.
Okay. I realize it's the 11th of May.
We're in the middle of the NHL playoffs and the panthers aren't in for a change.
By the way, I understand that.
But this thing with his letter today, it proves to me beyond a shadow.
But if you're looking for a spokesman to speak up for, for whatever things, don't look to me.
Okay. Because no, there's no interest.
I hit that thing right on the money very early on.
These are just thousands and thousands of people who are schmoozing socialites,
plastic people have no understanding, no interest in what's going on.
They don't care if they give them a seat. That's a big enough for a, like a boy,
like a boy, a, a lost desk next door. They don't care.
So I'm not going to waste. See, because the worst thing I can do is be boring.
And so why should I talk about something that nobody in this town cares about?
Beyond the shadow of the doubt.
I don't care if we got the highest attendance in the league, it means absolutely nothing.
Which is quite a shock by the way.
Because to show you about a boring town, it's is that that many people will actually get out of their house
and go to a place where they couldn't give a crap less.
What's going on there? Just astonishing.
Here's Hollywood. Hello.
Hollywood. Yeah, how's it going, man?
Okay, sir. What is this? They're talking about Ricky and being gay and all that stuff, man.
Meaning what? You know?
Who said Ricky Martin was gay? I don't know.
I was hearing the radio flipping through the channels. He was out.
He was flipping through the channels, uh-huh. You know?
Another radio accident. You don't listen to this show every day, which we know you do.
All right, fine. I'll admit it. Yeah, okay. Anyways, you know, he's a, he's a, he's a,
a lot of blooded Latin guy, you know, chicks day.
You got the hot form? No, me, man. I like women. I actually consider myself, I consider myself
another little Ricky Martin, you know, it's just that I'm not as famous.
A little medical, little Ricky, little Ricky.
Yeah, I ain't gay, man. Anyway, anyway, anyways, you know,
you got all these American guys are very jealous because you know,
they just don't got the blood, you know?
We're fighting for this.
Yeah, I think you might have a point.
And God bless you. I think I just left in the speedful.
So, okay, because I agree with me, the better he just got his Ricky Martin, whooped out his Ricky Martin CD.
He whipped it out. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 0, 5, 60.
And he loves this show. Don't kid yourself.
You're another one of those closet people. Congratulations.
This guy came out of the closet. That's not the, uh, fag closet.
That's the new Rogers. I listen to a show closet, which they are two different closets.
I just say that so you feel a little bit better about yourselves out there.
Those of you who are very nervous to admit you listen to the show, especially you young guys out there,
especially your kids that are skipping school right now, where your Sony Walkman to listen to the show,
and have a great day. And God bless you. And don't shoot anybody. Please.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Everybody, so up, tighten this country. You gotta loosen up a little bit.
Okay. Like I said yesterday, the only abnormal people are the people who are either molesting somebody
or the so-called, celibate ones like the priest. Okay. That's abnormal.
Sex is there because it exists. Sex is not evil. Sex is not bad.
And I'm going to say it again. They don't need to have any conference with Jack Villani and all these goddamn grave robbers out there.
More sex, less violence. That's good if they want to clean up TV and the movies and everything.
A lot more sex, a lot less violence.
Here's sunrise. Hello.
I'm out of color. Yes. That was it. Okay. Thanks for waiting.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's Miami. Hello.
No. Yes, sir. Yeah. Ricki Martin's a pendejo animatico.
Yeah. And I gotta go to the bathroom. I can't wait.
Okay. Great. Sounds like it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Sounds like he had a head start and pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
So you now we get a whole bunch of these people who have no material just like any other day.
No material, but they think they're sit down, comedians. You're about as funny as bloody diarrhea. Okay.
Oosing bloody diarrhea right in the middle of an expensive dinner at Ruth Chris.
That's how funny some of you people are.
And they're sitting there. They got their finger up their...
Maybe each other's... That's where their finger is. They're trying to finger out life.
Just save it. Okay. Just save the stale terrible material. Call up that bitch on the other station.
I took a look at her numbers, by the way. Oh my God. That babbling broke over there.
I got out my magnum vision reading glasses that my cranberry left behind the IOD.
And I started looking for her audience in that latest Arbatron book and it's pathetic.
It's unfindable. Talk about blowing. She blew away most of their audience in three months.
They're all gone, disappeared, including the women.
They include the women, the men, the children, the old farts in between the pigmies, the Latinos, the Anglos, the Jews, the Guayan, the Schwarzer, the...
You name it. They're all gone.
Nice go on, Brooke. And I thought people was, by the way, for screwing up that station.
For sticking the final nails in the coffin. As in WIOD, I love death.
Now, I am Z, I love whatever that stands for.
So anyway, we never forget what kind of rabbits those were in the jungle.
Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach. Hello.
Hello? Yes, sir.
Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing?
Great. Man, you got some characters, huh?
Yes, we do. We got some real serious assholes out there, right?
Listen, I got a quick question for you. I've got a Labor Day weekend planned with my wife for our anniversary.
Have you been to Al Capoco?
No, I wouldn't go to Mexico for all the money in the world.
Okay, I was going to...
Why do you want to go to Accapoco unless you're hanging out at Luis's next door?
I don't want to go. She wants to go.
Well, I mean, Mexico City is the place I hear a lot of bad stuff about because if you get in the air...
...cab at the airport, nobody ever sees you again.
Icapoco, I don't know. Maybe somebody who's been there can tell us about Accapoco.
Okay, thanks. I appreciate it.
Okay. Have a great time. He's getting sucked into going to Accapoco, huh?
What do you think about that? I mean, beautiful beaches, huh?
Let's get out some Luis music, Accapoco. Makes me feel like a little Luis Miguel.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60. Who's getting old with a fat ass by the way, but he's still sure can sing.
See, that's the difference.
There's a difference between those who have a great voice and can really sing and between those guys that just shake their booty a lot and just huchi kuchi kuchi, you know.
Which is all I'm Ricky Martin's all about, okay?
Yeah, Tom Jones with the...
Oh, come on, Ricky. We're just...
Who are you kidding, sweetheart?
Oh, oh man.
Hey, that's all good.
Kuchi, kuchi, kuchi, come on. Shake it, baby.
I'm gonna learn what to get. We'll know those phrases. If you're can't count, baby.
Thank you, baby.
I'm thinking about a body crystal.
What's this thing?
Lolo, lolo, lolo.
Yeah.
I'm better than the pork ass homemade to the vesicular.
The vesicular.
Yeah.
Tell it. God.
This is the hottest album in the universe, man.
You people at the Herald on the Sun, Sentinel.
You're part of this plot, okay?
They must be getting paid off over there to write up this garbage.
Oh, but it's really hot. You know, the Grammy's their old...
Juke and enjaving.
And maybe they were juke and enjaving in the aisles because the rest of it was so boring.
Oh, and then there was some article.
What was it? One of these?
No, it must have been yesterday.
God, he's in there every day.
They were talking about how Aerosmith...
They must have done this one of their songs that the Grammy's too, which I didn't see it because I never watched those awful shows.
And they're comparing him with Aerosmith.
Like this is some kind of a contest between Ricky Martin and Steve Tyler.
Oh, my... Like, which one is real music?
And which one is Yatouchi Kouchi for a bunch of over-hormonal young women who don't get the message?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the mobile one line.
Boy, you talk about Nova County for taste.
Talk about somebody with a taste in their...
Correct them.
...taste like a penny.
Here's the mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Go to the controls and make you sick.
You son of a bitch.
Yeah.
Does it?
Yes, and...
This guy used to be a respectable actor.
Now the guy is coating guns, everyone.
Well, he used to be God and Moses and Jesus, and now he figures that he's invulnerable.
I think...
And have a great day.
Boring.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60.
Real boring.
One million times for needle-rozzles.
He's in the his house.
05, 60 on the mobile one line.
See when you live right.
Here's the mobile in Miami Lakes.
Hello.
Mobile in Miami Lakes.
Neal.
Yes, sir.
Quick answer to your poll question.
Which poll is that?
We've had so many of that.
So, celebrity like poll the poll too?
Yes.
And the teacher cost of Victoria's Secret Girl.
Yeah.
And Buffy the Vampire is there.
Okay.
All right.
You have to put it away.
Okay.
Whatever you say.
Let's teach you what?
That name, and that let's teach you that just sends me all those names.
All these things.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
There's a guy at least had the courage to call it and then he wants to touch it, okay?
Even though he probably will go to Helen.
We're in there for a long time with Father's Tool.
Here's the mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
How you doing, Neal?
Okay, so listen.
Yesterday you were talking about you loved the MGM out in Vegas.
Yeah.
And I got to tell you, we're going to have the greatest hotel in Halleindale, Hollywood.
The diplomat with a thousand rooms and they're going to track those with the convention because
people will be able to diplomat more when they're not in their convention or they can feel
somewhere.
Yeah.
Now, okay, thank you.
You're boring.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60, on the mobile one line.
Not screening as loud as it usually does with this terminal calls, but they're right in there.
Right in the running as usual.
Sir, you're boring.
You're a terminal.
You're a pondress.
You're not funny.
You're part of what's wrong with this town.
And believe me, they wouldn't let you win a Vegas with $50 million in each pocket.
It's still kick your ass out, okay?
They'd make you an offer you couldn't refuse you'd be like Paulian, Godfather One.
Wouldn't see you no more.
And they wouldn't even have to go out in the middle of the desert and take a leak to do it.
Here's a mobile in Pemberg Pine.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Any allow you to do it?
Good.
Usually I pay attention to my own business, but I summed up with SICK and I was up late last night watching CNN.
I was watching that scene.
I made you call it with that Chinese embassy thing where they're protesting outside our embassy.
I see.
What would possess anybody with basically Western cost?
Okay, great.
Okay, 12.55.
We got an open line in summer 5.670560 and pound 5.60 on a mobile online.
But I think they're full of things today because they keep saying it over and over again.
Here's a mobile in Pinecrest.
Hello.
Okay.
Nice talking to you too.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yeah.
What's up, you?
How you doing, sir?
All right.
Want to give a big shout out to the heat.
Good win.
Okay, great.
5.670560, pound 5.60 on a mobile.
Open a window.
Give a big shout out.
Okay.
I'm going to show you a window.
Give a crap about that garbage, all right?
Even though I know the other 20 hours of the day, they're going to be pah pah pah pah.
That's all he's talking about.
Boring.
It's there was boring before.
It's still boring.
Seven foot freaks.
Slam a janitor.
Okay.
Boring.
But hey, if that's what you like more power to you.
Okay.
We like Ricky Martin on issue.
Kill it.
Get rid of that crap.
Now, God.
Four minutes before.
Well, they like vanilla ice cream too.
Millions of people are rushing out there.
They're going right now to their supermarkets to buy vanilla ice cream.
Tastes like a penny.
If you're looking for fast, reliable access to the internet, every time you want to get
on it, that just wants you to wobble.
Whatever you want to look something up, whatever you want to do to around on there, then please pick
up the phone and call our friends at Mindspring because if you call them right now at 1.88
am spring, they'll wave their usual $25 start-up fee and give you the first 30-day
speed from the day you sign up.
Mindspring offers you fast, reliable 56k connections to the net.
Free customer support.
24 hours at 8.7 days a week.
Tool free.
No more junk email.
No more stupid ads.
No more business signals.
You just hop on there and do your thing every time you want.
In fact, Mindspring is so outstanding that we're voted the best internet service provider
by both PC World and PC commuting magazines for all of 1998.
So do it right now.
Call them at 1.88 am spring.
Tell them the arranges told you to call them in a wave that usual $25 start-up fee and
you get the first 30 days of service absolutely free from the day you sign up.
1.88 am spring from Mindspring.
The best internet provider in the world.
This is 5.60.
QAM.
It's not just the 1-2 hour.
It's a phenomenon.
Clean up.
Clean up.
The brown thing in your underwear.
Clean up.
Clean up.
Put on another pair.
Clean up.
Clean up.
The comstance right here on your seat.
Clean up.
Clean up.
Whenever you beat your meat, eat.
Clean up.
Clean up.
Clean up.
Clean up.
Try some douch.
It works, move fast.
Clean up.
Clean up.
Whenever you.
F.
E.
Do it.
Pandas.
Yeah.
A minute after 1.
At 5.60 W.
QAM, we got to Henry Goldberg show with 2.
We got Jim Mad Dog.
Manager.
Yeah!
Six o'clock tonight.
Don't forget.
We got What's his name.
The voice of the dolphins.
What's his name?
Anybody know?
He's going to be filling in for Hank on Thursday, 2 to 6.
From on the ISD and on the phone line from Philadelphia.
just make up some stories okay tell everyone what's going on out here it's
just it's astonishing we got a guy an out-of-town a carpet bagger that's how
desperate we are to find somebody to do that show on Thursday unbelievable
here's a mobile or most Palm Beach hello yes Neil yes I'm Colin all right
love your show um did we talk hockey a little bit as long as you don't mention
the P word no no way for the P whatever their name is because nobody here
cares about it yeah I'm originally from Buffalo yeah I'm just wondering you
think anybody like Toronto Buffalo or experts don't have a chance against
Dale or Dale is a Detroit oh Dale Dallas ain't gonna win Dallas the last
last night they were lucky to win that game the other night because grand
fuel it in a bunch of greasy goals the Dallas ain't going anywhere okay they
were very lucky to get by Edmonton every game was a struggle in that
series Edmonton's really weak this year it's strictly Detroit against the
world and you know I'm just hoping that whoever wins the East cannot come off
entirely Detroit oh yeah one other thing you know the key to Buffalo key to
the sabres is getting shitan back in line up it's a miracle that they were you
know even Steven in the first two games they're lucky to be there but they got
to get your tan back either they're the only goal score right in that
hasica played better this a second game right the first game yeah but he didn't
play that bad everybody said he played a lousy game the first game I didn't
think he had a chance on any one of those goals Allison shot was like a
pinpoint shot he had like a little tiny spot to shoot at and he stuck it in
there he didn't play a bad game no one other thing is my son was down here in
that tober and now he listens to you on the internet right and we love you
show and god bless him and I'll tell you that great show that fan TV I watch it
every day on the empire uh-huh best sports you want TV is it really I can we
don't get it down here even though I have a double the you have to get the small
dish I see okay it's nice talking to you okay good luck to you okay five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 to wireless line I'd like to see Buffalo
beat Boston and leaps beat Pittsburgh and Buffalo in the the lease in the you
know in the finals for the Eastern conference and then against Detroit anybody
thinks Dallas is gonna be Detroit I got news for Dallas might not even be
St. Louis anybody care about any of this no I knew they didn't not a hockey
town man it's not a basketball town it's not a football town it's not a baseball
town it's not a cricket town it's not a soccer town it's just a dead-ass town
here's a mobile in poppano hello yeah yes sir
and you know what it is the dance Spanish town is that what it is yeah hey can I mention the
paperwork meaning what the panthers no okay why do you want to do that well it's just
gonna make a mockery if there are ways of prices which of course bigger than me no no sorry
I brought it up three times today got to let it yesterday I went through the whole
song of the dance I read the stuff on there the organization nobody cares okay I asked
how come they didn't do a survey on there of things that people while we're happy
we're unhappy about the new place nobody cares and they know that you don't care
and they know they can get away with whatever they want to do so please don't waste my time
because nobody in this town gives a crap it's like everything else they have no passion for anything
they'll show up because their lives are boring they got no place else to go it's a good
convenient location it's safe to go there yada yada yada they know nothing come on hit somebody
wall come on hit somebody there you go that's the epitome of what you see at that place
here's a mobile in Pember pine hello Neil yes sir I'm sure you're kind of loyal fan I am
after 20 years yeah I'm on hold since I left Pember pine and I'm approaching the
high leo h-strike yeah anyway the five seconds that's enough to walk
but anyway the caller about the acupuncture let me tell this kid delicious his wife
it is gorgeous down there nobody's gonna bother you nobody's gonna wrap you
the weather exact absolutely gorgeous day in day out yeah uh every you get a little rain
right in the day for maybe 15 minutes it stops every day like the day before absolutely gorgeous
great efficient the swim and everything is wonderful so tell this kid take his wife's advice okay
God bless you sir and listen to you all the 20 years Neil all right Zagazoo bye bye five six seven
there to go to akapoko he says you'll have a great time it's wonderful the casinos here are the
best the hotels here nobody said something like that the beaches there how about uh
cousin male isn't that the place that's real close by like right in the thumb of Mexico there in the
peninsula yeah all the agoyam always go to cousin male five six seven oh five fifty pound five
fifty on the 18t watch they go there because it's close what is there any other reason to go there
no you can't think of any place more boring to go than cousin male although I've never been there
boring here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale hello
Neil yes sir about akapoko if he's going that far it's home to go to Porto Valleata instead
Porto Valleata Porto Valleata downtown is like a pre with no cliff it's beautiful nice walking areas
yeah great hotels too many kind of in Hollywood squares maybe we're one of those free trips years ago
remember they always used to give away trips to Porto Valleata yeah but they stuck them out of the
import hotels all the new ones that look like you know condo canyon right downtown is very charming
almost a European player you'd like it a lot of Germans there oh okay Germans uh people from
California it's a beautiful place and very laid back and you can be able to in the morning walking
around it's wonderful okay now sound good of that not a dear for my way thank you Neil
I still can okay five six seven we're now we're getting our Mexico spy reports we don't have
a Mexican tier but we're finding out from some great the people I actually get on a plane and
get out of here once in a while which isn't enough five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
on the 18t wireless line here's a mobile in Fort Myers hello yellow yes sir yeah second
foreign car eight year listener just had a couple quick observations number one George while
you're over in Vegas did an excellent job and all these goons were calling up that it was like
fingernails on the chalkboard well maybe they need to go to school yeah hey
when I was in Vegas yeah yeah just a you know a month ago when you're in Vegas when I was in
Europe you mean oh my god okay see I can't go out hey listen I just want to let you know
Fort Myers is on the map because we got the WWF now wrestling at the ever blades arena
oh boy where where PD used to kick ass remember that chain having a bad day because the
Marlins aren't on TV tonight and I had just one quick question we even consider living in
Las Vegas let's say if you're 20 minutes out of town no okay I would I would lose my ass I
can I just couldn't handle it I mean I'm not addicted to gambling now but I think if I live
there I just stuck in handled you don't have to be retired 80 years old and playing five five golf
I'd have to have about 80 million in a stash away I can dig it okay hey thanks a lot see you
playing the little putt putt five six seven oh five sixty pound I mean I love Vegas but there are
a lot of places I love it that doesn't mean I necessarily want to live there like Berlin oh by the
way here's the jokas teller just in time to see Treyakman picture what oh and of course
when I what is that always got is you won't be able to see a speed you've got as a sneakers on
there what well why why do you look away like you're you're having a version of that that's Treyakman
that's Trey the boy would have big smile on his face I don't know if it's real or not we know how
they superimposed this it looks strangely fake to me but nevertheless can we be absolutely positive
and then here's a picture can you see that one from in there you got to see the caption on that
he's gonna go stick it in the control room yeah stick both of these in the control room by the way
the one on the bottom is a picture of how guilty got his job five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the AT&T wireless line just a bundle of laughs about here today boys and girls we got
feet we got all kinds of body parts okay some of them smell good some of them not too good
if you use a cell phone or you're thinking about getting one mobile one is going to offer you
don't want to pass up mobile one is offering the new Erickson digital cell phone which is
weaker and smaller than most phones in value to the $199 but it's yours for free in a special deal
for a limited time with this mobile one offer you can afford that cell phone even if it's a second
phone for the family listen this all-in-one cell pack you can get for the incredible unbelievable
astonishing price of only 99 cents a day you get the free Erickson digital cell phone you get
unlimited free calling nights and weekends you get thirty free monthly peak minutes of calls
caller ID free Florida roaming and free day of detailed billing all of these things for just 99
cents a day so column today mobile one and one eight hundred phone and one and check out the
all-in-one offer that is unbeatable anywhere in the world the special is only a mobile one and
for limited time all for only two what do you say you heard it so column right why I was waiting
for you this knees call one eight hundred phone and one today for mobile one this is five sixty
you a m the lotion in the basket
well it works in low-tier and I've got no fear
won't be nowhere so men don't be foamy welcome
the five more lips and move that little
the choir says that these you empty the easily disgusted things that is painless but like a
faith man I'm gonna feast dying readiness
assistant
you're
I'll be your moon in shining on me
It's like a penny to me
Well say, then, you'd be brave
The tongue-washed inside just a day
Makes the hair of my dad's the same straight up
Now I'm a real super guy
I'm not a cop in your super
These are the best suits on Zika
I got a possessive BC
My friends told me number two
I heard you yelling, kaka
But I prefer to do
If they decide to say these two are three
Okay
So we did it, made it to right thing
Huh?
The moon in shining on me
You've turned
Things like a penny to me
Yeah, I'm the one way that K-Walk is Arlen
I'm going inside
Just me
I'll ball her tooth
Things get not delusious when I see rails
You're too rude to do
They're hostile, gal, but they're not so rude
When will I do?
Please miss season like a man
You'll find it hard to sit down
When I get done with your hands
It's like a penny to me
We did it, made it to right thing
Don't do this, I'm in on the street
I'm the one way
It's like a penny
It's like a penny to me
Run
All right, okay, here's the up, just come down
Here's the fact that there's Mexico sucks
It's a dump, nothing but poverty, disease, and corruption
I hate it every minute of my trip there, says this fact
Oh, by the way, speaking of a tip and trip
Did we ever get that stock tip from that guy that called yesterday
No
That was going to fax me over to one of the facts number
It was had this big stock tip, did I get it?
No
I got a tip for you, pal
It says there's only two places we're visiting south of the border
Costa Rica and Buenos Aires
Both of which are very European societies
And the guys are pretty there too
If you assume that they're guys in the women are what we don't know what they are
So there's the straight poop on that
I mean, these people call you in a walk-up poll
Maybe you know, some of these people maybe were in a walk-up poll
20 years ago, 40 years ago
But I have a feeling because everything I'm reading about in Mexico is bad
Real, real, seriously bad
I mean, when you have to go to any kind of a country
Get off the plane at the airport and hop into a cab
And hold your breath to see if maybe anybody's ever going to see your possessions again
That's not my idea of travel, of tourism
How about a trip to Beijing right now sounds good, huh?
Beijing, Beijing, Beijing, Beijing
Here's a Pemberpine, Philum
Hello
Yes, sir
Okay, coming back line 8 screwed up again
Are they ever going to do anything about line 8?
No
Like I said, I don't want to get all worked up about it
But the phone company sucks
The phone company blows
Phone company, there you go
Los Grande's Madacones
Phone company, they just can't get it right, they can't get their ass together
We got just a handful of lines here
You think that you know, you're coming into a radio talk show
The phones might work, like you know, most days, not every day, just most days, do they work?
No
Fort Lauderdale, hello
Neil
Yes, sir
Yeah, how you doing?
Yeah, is that the same Ricky Martin on the Sabers French connection?
Yeah, it was a week to first time, okay?
Real week to first time, a guy called an hour and a half ago with that material
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 7, even all of a sudden they're big hockey fans
And pound finds just 5, 6, 8 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's a mobile and deer field, hello
Hello, Neil
Yes, sir
You told me to find the young, young and the stable master in Amsterdam
I found the young, young but could never find the stable master
How could you not find it?
I don't know, I asked everybody, nearly anywhere it was
Son of Rudiv gasoline
All right, across from the police station
Oh my god, well I'm going back in November
Anyway, you're in Cologne?
Well, before we go on to Cologne, so how did you like Amsterdam?
I like Amsterdam
Right
Amsterdam is fabulous
Yeah
I try to go twice a year just to keep my sanity
But Amsterdam is the best
Cologne is a beautiful city
It is fabulous, not been there but have you ever heard of Bodden Bodden?
Have you been there?
No
Worth the trip
For what?
For rest and relaxation and whatever
Yeah
That's the German place where they go to party
But what part of the country is it in?
How are south of Cologne?
See, I heard those same things about Cologne
You know about what a wild and crazy place it is
And even though it's a beautiful city and the food there was very good by the way
Some of the best food I've ever had in Europe
And it's a great place I would go back
But it's not like Amsterdam, it's not that kind of a city
Yeah, Amsterdam is a new place in Bodden Bodden
The Bodden Bodden is very sophisticated people of wild dress
Right
Well, that's how Cologne is, very upscale
Yeah, that's what I thought
Somebody's got some real money in Cologne because they've got those
Just for miles you walk out, it was walking the shopping mall kind of streets
Whatever the hell you were following
And all these real expensive upscale shops and wild dress people
And like living and greeting human beings, it's an amazing city
Yeah, well Bodden Bodden is even better, Bodden Bodden is a great town
Well worth the trip
Okay, well, it's like I call my friends at Cisco's beach bags
Yes sir, thank you Neil
And have a great day
Thank you, bye
He didn't mean Cisco Foods, did he?
Yeah!
Oh boy
That must be what he was talking about
You know, Jeff Cologne loves Cisco Foods because he likes those free trips
Okay, he's got no spot today, just dummy up on it, he don't need any more free spot
Let's get some food from Pizza Loft tomorrow, okay?
Pizza Loft Thursday
See, I'll give him a day's notice so that tomorrow he don't have to be screwing around all day
Like he is on most other days
5, 6, 7, 0, that I mentioned Al Voldt theme was going to be online tonight, did I mention that?
No!
Good!
I love you Al, but too much publicity, okay?
Don't be, there's two things in life, don't be, don't be a brownie hound
And don't be a publicity hound
He's already famous enough
And thanks for shining us in Amsterdam by the way
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, or was it the other way around?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line
I mean, like, I'm going to go over there, I have a limited number of days vacation
Am I going to make an extraordinary effort to go see Alan Rose?
No!
You know, and every is good friend Rose, every time I call his place, she says
I'm a hell of a year
Yeah
Hey Rose, it's Neil Rogers and she says
I'm a hell of a year
Yeah
So, like, I'm going to really make like an extra special effort to knock on that door a hundred times over there
Here's Naples, hello
Hey Neil
Yes sir
I had a question about Britney Spears
Yes
You've been talking about her the last couple of days
And you've also, in the past, alluded to the fact that you're gay
And you're in her past?
Well, you know, since I've been listening
I've been hearing you for like 23 years, right?
I don't know what
But the way you're talking about her sounds like you know, you do or if you got the chance
If I were straight, you bet
What if you are
No, you are
No, you are
I mean, no, no, can't you tell a good looking guy when you see a good looking guy?
Of course
So does that mean you would do them?
No
No, I just think that she's one of the most amazing looking young women I've seen in a long time
And I knew that most of the people in the audience would agree
And she's a hot number, that doesn't mean that I'm attracted to her sexually
But I think that most head of her sex
I think that all head of her sexual guys should be
And if they're not they either got very bad taste or they're in a closet
Well, I really don't know much about her but I have been hearing you talk about her
Have you seen her?
I think I've seen her, my daughter's watched her on TV
Right, I think you better see me
You better start watching a real little closer, you know, just make pretend it's an accident
All righty
Okay, thanks, yeah
I mean, I make no bones about that, so to speak
But, uh, I think so
Well, yeah, she's a very, very, very, she's not perfect, okay?
Nobody's perfect
But compared to most of these chicks that they're always saying looks so great
I mean, most of them are crap, yeah
But she is a good, she's real, real good
Now you're a T, if I was, you know, even like a five on the Richter scale instead of a six
I would like hop on her bones in a heartbeat
And she is voluptuous
Speaking of which
Yeah, she is voluptuous, I would agree with that one, damn
Ricky Martin, he's not voluptuous, he's halosious
Oh, he looks good, you know, he's pretty
They, they, they've pushed them up, they've done all kind of, got only knows how much work they done on him
And it worked
It worked like a, like a lucky charm
I don't know where they stuck the lucky charm, maybe in his neck, I don't know
But they brought him right off the bottom, right to the top
Now why is it any time I say that, you just fall apart, okay?
They brought Ricky from the bottom, he was like down there like just another, like another Christian, another Shijun
Another one of those, Holy O singers
And now he's on the top
Ricky always says the cream rises to the top, baby
Here's Pebork Pine, hello
Hey, how you doing?
It's pretty good sir
Look what I'm on
I don't know, you tell me
I have a few beef, so I like to throw out
A few beefs? Yeah, huh?
Beef this asshole
Andy from Hollywood right there ladies and gentlemen, a real jackass, we're having a good time today, he's got beefs
Beef on this, okay, you moron, we don't want to talk to you, and obviously knew there was anybody else
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's a mobile in Poppito, hello
Andy, how are you doing? Great
I'm okay, we had that accident in the moment ago, yes
Yeah, the only thing that's good about Mexico is cancun
They have a place called Caliente, which you can bet, harness racing, horse racing, speed skating
All of us best if using Cosmetic with the cancun
Am I right? Isn't cancun the one that's in the thumb? It's like real close to you
Right, correct, and you could tamper with the cancun
Right
But you can do all the sports betting there and they actually take American dollars
And they book all their bets
Yeah, so it's pretty good, so you know if you get a nice horse you get $16, $17
It's nice
So you don't bet his Benson's horse of course
Who?
Harry Benson
Well, Harry Benson, you okay, have a nice docer, had a spoil my day by mentioning that
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T
You know, this time never changes
100 years ago they were hucking a Chanuk about Harry Benson
And here we are, it's almost the end of the millennium
And he's still bop-bop-bop-bop what Harry Benson
You wouldn't know, some horse monkey trainer, I don't know from Calder
So anyway, speaking of cancun
It's 126, it's like, what? There's nothing wrong with cancun
Like can possum? Cancun? Cancun?
Cancun?
Cancun? Cancun? Cancun?
Cancun? Cancun? Cancun? Cancun?
OH
I'm going hero
Thanks to ah'm, we've beenands by prizes to truly leave it to thisrespect
A little girl and a kind of a wonderful
This was your answer today
Here a slumber Emperor of volume
His own share and his championship
Arume esp怪 Eunice
And Eurichi's statue
i swear to you he couldn't sing his way out of a uh... paper pantaloon
you can think for sure right exactly
i know up until today up until whoever brought who was it that brought this
to any detail to tell you i keep forgetting our good close person our
restaurant
at total to tell your brought the new rookie martin cd in here this morning
in left it which created a lot of material so a lot of it is to call and say
matic on and a lot of interesting people to
but anyway that i never realized just how bad he is
because i never paid any attention to him i mean okay so we look good now what
one twenty six at five sixty wq and you know everywhere you look there's some
kind of a beeper store beeper this beeper that beeper your uh... you know
but there's only one beeper store that guarantees lowest prices in the world
not of course are good close friends at the permania
so going to one of albert thirty six locations with six of now in broward
county and check out the latest deals on the beeper view choice check this out a
free connection in one of your service for just
twelve
dollars sounds to be true but it is
or if you don't already own a beeper get a new page and one year service all
of these things for only fifty nine ninety nine
bepermania will absolutely positively not be under sold
they've got all types all models all colors
be safe keep it on your family friends are business with bepermania thirty six
locations fifty nine ninety nine for new page with one year service or just
twelve bucks a uh... let me say it again
twelve dollars for twelve months with your own people and it's uh... so uh...
mind boggling that i almost can't get it out all prices required tax in last
month
call before mania right now and check it out in date county called three oh five
three eight seven eleven
three eight seven one one one one
in broward call nine five four four three eight thirty three thirty three
four three eight thirty three thirty three when it comes to beper they're
unbeatable
at bepermania
fifth
this portion of our show is brought to you by blue blue
a little bit on each city and we're talking of forty double d
and the all new palm bomb because love and loneliness go hand in hand
remember palm ball now back to our show
r-e-c-c-i-o-n
if the right time
i'm gonna take off my shoes
drop off my dress
it makes me wet when i see you can
uh... big iraq
that's too big for my mouth
i want it mercenary and a top of you
and take it up my overcated food
give me an embrace
and they'll take you to the wall
a r-e-c-t-i-o-n
i want a drink or go
i want your love and quality of even
you do
and then i'll give it a blow
here's a morning
it's just a big and a
at least until you take off it
i want a wrap on this around your clothing tube
and make your wonder where the clothes move
that's on their ass
and it's on the circus side
oh
e-r-g-t-c-t-i-o-n
i want a drink or go
once or two or five years you've ever seen you know how
very good to point and we had a lot of great calls today but we had no votes
on my any
i mean the bit
seriously we then that one guy called which i thought was just a uh...
sacrilegious thing and said please don't play that anymore because uh...
my a-n-is
my a-n-is that can ponderous or something like that i like my a-n-is
well
i don't
five six seven o five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t-wireless line
here's my any hello
hello yes sir
yeah i heard you talking about the uh...
c-d-burners and stuff you got one and we're going to start doing that
i'm getting it the end of the world
the thing you have to be sure that you do is yet to record everything and a
forty four point one killer heart wave file if you don't want to play in a
c-d-player for you
okay
whatever he said do we know what he said
no we agree whatever you said
five six seven o five sixty pound five sixty on it see he's talking
about on the computer i'm not doing another computer i'm doing it uh... off
the computer i'm doing like uh... separate apart
in another room far away as far away from the computers i can get
five six seven o five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t-wireless line
i know there are a lot of repressed people out there they want to talk about
that round ball about that uh... national bad moon association stuff
you'll have a chance in twenty six minutes okay
or a little bit after two whenever hanks shows up
what
and we got a he doesn't want to be office for the understand what i'm talking
about it's uh... kind of a fun thing
is it going to be hank is it going to be clear is a good one on the
got a title of the will be josh will be uh... who will be
cori
mind by the way you know it's cori don't come and say hello to us anymore
since we have a vacation on the area go that's the reason why
but he was ripping out of the sport there's that one day before he left
five six seven o five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t-wireless line
here's a temper pines hello
hello new yes sir i was in hall before but uh... but you could pick up line
number eight for some reason that line doesn't work and that line is uh... well
sometimes it's good sometimes it's bad
okay yes and i want to like i want to quote this morning but i'm fortunate
might fit itself on right out and uh...
i want to give you to send some ricky martin see
is it still okay sure okay well ricky martin is soon marica
what can other people think that
well your mother and hallmark a counting paper
house little but you don't know what that
anger
will go away there
if we take it into consideration
police she passed
out i've been furious pressure
suggested
pain is so great.
Hey, then.
Oh, Ricky, poor baby.
560, 7.0560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Pembroke Pine.
Hello?
Good afternoon, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I was going to suggest that you might want to take a look at the U.S. Packard 82 or 8282
10, 8200 if you can get it Costco for $299.
It replaces the model that used to sell for $399.
It just came out.
It's the fastest, the very best.
The absolute best on the market right now.
That's the one I'm going to get for myself.
I read up on these things before I buy them.
I wouldn't go for Philip's turn.
Philip's never caught on in this country.
They're very plain Jane machines and stuff.
I would either go for a U.S. Packard or Yamaha or Sony Spreza.
The U.S. Packard is the fastest one right now and it's got a lot of things on it.
If you pick up a copy of PC World, you can go online and find out what program to use.
What software to use to get a pop-up and clicks out of old records if that's what you want to record.
That's what I'm going to do also.
I have a lot of LPs and stuff.
I do too, but I don't have a turn table that works.
It hasn't worked in a long time.
I figure why even waste my time getting it fixed.
If you have a perfect circuit.
You can't listen to any more and stuff like that.
Put them on CD, borrow a turn table from somebody.
Good point.
Put them on CD and then you got it for 20, 30 years.
It's got only those.
You're right.
Thanks, pal.
Thank you.
There we go.
We're starting to get into this heavy duty stuff now.
Baby, everybody's got to have a CD burner.
Let's burn one, y'all.
That's what Clarence Thomas said.
Let's burn one, baby.
While you're burning the CD, you can burn one.
You know what I'm talking about?
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
So, Delcastell and Burry Upset when we had that new picture of a Traypin with his
honours knee and a real angel.
He has been so repressed.
You think it might be that Catholic upbringing?
Uh-huh.
Must have been something very repressed.
I mean, first it's the feet thing and then we find out he's shaving his nuts.
He's a good one to talk about pictures like that.
Here's the guy that runs around bragging that he's shaving his nuts.
And he's worried about a phony naked picture of Traygman,
which isn't a trinum and chanson.
Hello, that's really him.
And even if a war who would help him would care.
Here's a mobile or open lock.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hello, Neil.
Are you?
Great.
Uh, Neil, I've been listening to the Yammer Truck driver.
So, we have to excuse this first time we have a caller radio station.
But I just want you to know I enjoy your radio show.
And I was out in Salt Lake City about several months ago.
Yes, sir.
I've used to be on this afternoon show.
A funny guy used to talk about Buffalo all the time.
Yeah, Henry.
Yes, sir.
I heard him and I was so amazed that he's very excited not dead.
I just want to call him.
Are you sure?
You say hello to you and I really enjoy your radio show.
You're very amusing and I get a lot of entertainment.
And God bless you, sir.
Oh, okay.
So, you have a good day.
And have a great life.
Thank you.
Okay, 22 before 2 at 5.60 W.
If you're in that's always a good thing to say to somebody, have a great life.
Okay, you don't have to say God bless you.
May the Lord keep you, the good Lord will and any of those corny, phony, baloney things about fairy tales.
Just say, uh, have a great life.
I always say it.
And I say, what do you mean by that?
5.670560, 05.560 on the AT&T wireless line as we continue searching for the ultimate truth about Ricky Martin today.
I mean, you know what the word is that comes to mind, nauseating.
The voice that he's putting on the sneer, the voice, the whole thing, how could anybody listen to that and say it's a hit?
You know what I think?
I think they left the first letter off of that word when it said hit.
They left off the S as in,
and this is, it's not a subjective thing.
I mean, that's a fact.
It's not just because I'm saying it's a fact.
That song sucks.
It blows.
It's garbage.
Only people that would eat like tons and tons of vanilla ice cream could possibly listen to that more than once.
And if it came on a radio a second time, I would like, blow the radio right out of my dash.
I'm getting, I'm getting soaked up just thinking about it.
How bad it is.
I like to watch boobs and butts and bointing.
The following is a paid public service announcement from the International Raffle Association.
Let's face. Most of us will never be rich.
Hell, we probably won't even be successful and that's pretty damn depressed.
But as usual with every prouder there is a solution.
Hi, I'm Jim and I'm here to tell you a little something about hand guns.
They scare the s*** out of people and intimidate them and giving you whatever you want.
That's right, hand guns.
Think about it.
Need some cash? Rub a bank.
Don't have enough money for beer? Call up a convenience.
Take chips and pretzels while you're at it.
It's all free if you've got a hand gun.
Some son of a bitch cheating on your girlfriend? Kill him.
To simple solution a life's complex problem.
All I have to do is wait the five days for it and happiness is just around the corner.
Hell, if you don't want to wait the five days who cares?
Buy the dancing of the street.
You can buy a lot of hand guns.
It's a great alternative to working problems out and get the e-concider to population controls.
Yes, hand guns.
They just might make you think.
Okay, 145 at 560 WQ.
I'm so glad I brought up this thing about the CD burner.
Not. Well, I'm glad it's not the fact that I'm going to get one tomorrow but it's always the same thing.
It's like if I would have brought up this thing on the ear about the camcorder instead of having Gary Sarner,
well at least Gary Sarner came by and offered to do something for me and give me a great price at such a place.
Because John Penis, he don't come by here.
Okay, and you hook me up with any of his accounts.
He don't come by here.
Period.
He just lost soul.
We don't see him at all.
But if I were to ask about that instead of getting a big heavy thing that Gary Sarner got me at,
you know, that weighs about five pounds and then you put it in the case and it weighs about eight or nine pounds.
And if you're going to go on vacation, it's the last thing you want to do is slap around.
It's like slapping around another suitcase.
Like another piece of a luggage.
And I wanted like a real small light weight.
You know what I wanted?
There was like a 35 millimeter camera that weighs almost nothing.
That you could even pop in your suitcase.
But you know, so that's what happens when you jump into something before you check out all the possibilities and you know,
but I'm going to jump it into it again.
And I'll probably be sorry.
Here's Davy.
Hello.
Hello, Carol.
Here's a mobile and Del Rey-Bee.
Chilla.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I was just calling about the A&S song.
About what?
About my A&S, yes.
Yeah, I think that guy was confused earlier about the other one that you play.
The real song, my name is?
Yeah, we're just talking about beat, too.
We're just talking a lot.
No, I think he was talking about my A&S.
I think he's got something there talking about my A&S.
I think that's great.
But I think it sounds like it says it's no shrimpie.
Yeah, shrimpie, yeah.
That's what I thought was saying.
Okay, have a great day, sir.
Whatever you say.
56670560, 0560, 0560, smells like tuna.
0560 on the AT&T world's line.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
I think it says smells funky.
funky, yeah.
Yeah.
I want to switch gears from the Ricky Martin thing.
I don't know if you're into the topic of China.
What's going on with that?
We're over there.
We made a mistake.
Obviously, they assumed it was America.
What's going on with that is that they're whipping them up into a frenzy.
And if they wanted it, if they wanted to protest against their own government,
they'd all get their crap blown away like they didn't chin them in square.
As long as they're starting up against us and burning your effigies and all this other crap,
they're saying, oh, I'll go to you.
You notice how they're all standing around watching this crap go on?
And as soon as they said NATO, they didn't even know which missile it was or whose missile they said NATO.
They immediately sent it to the US.
Right.
That's crazy.
I mean, we're over there.
You know, how many imports do we have that same bait and shine over here?
Right.
Two damn many.
I mean, that's not even funny.
I mean, they're trying to make it.
In the meantime, the Vigy screwed up election campaigns and stealing nuclear secrets.
But other than that, they never still were free-train.
And then they're burning signs of comparing Clinton to Hitler.
Right.
Do they have a clue?
Three people got killed in the embassy if the tragedy, okay, we'll help them rebuild it.
But there's a hundred thousand missing, men between what, 15 and 50 over there, and in close of it, they're missing.
Not to mention a million people without any place to live.
Right, and they're comparing and taking over hundreds of thousands of people.
The thousands of women that are being raped.
We're trying to stop that.
Yeah.
Well, they urge every Chinese American or I'm sorry, American who's born in China.
Yes.
To call and get on the email, internet, if you can email over there.
And tell them to cut the crap.
Yeah, and just tell them, hey, you know, your country's feeding you a little crap.
Or just get on the advocate and figure it out for yourself.
There you go.
Okay.
And then, you know, if you guys would come up with some new maps over there and you were Slavia,
we wouldn't have to be making all these mistakes, you know.
They stopped at a shell station, they got a map, and they said, hey, this looks like a place we want to bond.
This looks like a place A, and it turned out to be a place C, like as in Chinese embassy.
Does anybody believe that?
No.
Of course not.
Here's a mobile in Pembert Pine.
Hello?
Yeah, Neil.
Yes sir.
Hey, this thing we're Ricky Martin.
Ricky Martin is hot.
He's rich, and it's a bunch of jealous Cubans here in Miami.
Who?
Who are knocking this guy?
Just because he's a wrecking.
Just because he's a wrecking.
Amen.
Right on pal.
Oh.
Just because he can't sing, you know, probably that.
You know something, I haven't eaten anything all day and I still want to throw up.
Just listening to that.
That's how bad it is.
That's how horrible.
I mean, I always before I was like kind of neutral about Ricky Martin.
Like, you know, I could take him or leave me, he looks good, but he couldn't sing.
But I mean, now it's like I'm starting to turn.
You think maybe we've been a little hard on Ricky today?
5 6 7 0 5 60, 0 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
All those poor Ricans are sitting out there rubbing it right now.
They got their Ricky Martin held him in their hand, and then one hand,
and got only knows what they got in their other hand.
Maybe they're ****, yeah.
And why not?
Hey, to reach its own, okay?
Whatever, turn your crank to your chain.
Whatever, turn to your ****.
Hey, you want to go to a great Tuesday or Tuesday.
See you next Tuesday.
