6th degree of movement for this.
Sports Radio 560W 2AM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
I'm talking Neil, called 5600560, call free for David Brower, or pound 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers, or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions or the easily broadcast group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560QAM.
Oh my god!
George he pushed that his nose is clean and never put the pin in.
Cunty's running for the White House, so he took Canada's nidus.
Stone drunk and that's not all even down the beauty ball.
Paul and Cunty's drug would do, he'd even drop some medicine too.
Why won't George get come out and simply say he did it?
He preferred the press would shut their mouth.
But if some of your got them business.
He did more than what you think.
But he watched it down the sea.
And he preferred cocaine to hash.
That's the question that he does.
And he made his point much clearer.
Like a razor on a mirror.
But he wants us to believe.
That he didn't do anything.
George he pushed that his nose is clean and never put the pin in Cunty's running for the White House.
So he just passed it.
Man, George he's clean, George he's clean, George he's clean.
Oh oh oh oh.
Right.
Alright, 10-1 at 5-60 WQM.
Happy your Wednesday to you.
What a great day.
This has turned into, huh?
And about 30 seconds there.
Just in the next time, although I don't want to let Tracy neatly off the hook.
I want to rip her an ass.
Please don't.
Why not?
She did her best.
That's only what she did.
That's an old adage that I just made up.
Okay?
And it is don't promise things that you cannot deliver.
She didn't exactly promise.
That how she didn't.
The words were no problem.
Unless you distorted her message.
We're talking about backstreet boys tickets by the way for next week at the Mac Arena.
And see that woman in Bocats, a good thing she sent me that apology letter.
Thank you very much sweetheart for sending me the apology letter because otherwise I'd have ripped your ass again.
In fact, I might just do it anyway.
The one that sent me that gushing letter sucking around, sucking around about three weeks ago.
And then at the end of the letter, oh, and by the way, my daughter and I and my sister-in-law and every other bitch here that we know we'd love to get some backstreet boys tickets from you.
As if I have like I got tickets people think I got tickets in my rectum.
You know, I don't know what it is like that guy in four miles yesterday that had a hot dog in his rectum.
People just reach in there and pull all kinds of crap, I guess.
No tickets in my rectum or anyplace else.
So I get the bad news from George this morning that Tracy Neely, who is allegedly such a big fan of mine and such a big you know Tracy Neely,
it works for some of the record companies that send us all those crappy CDs that we never want.
That we used to waste a lot of time on a show giving away.
Which by the way, there's a rumor that George gave away a bunch of beer on the show one day, but it's just a rumor.
A lot of bunch of calls by giving beer away on the show.
I thought we didn't give stuff away anymore.
It was a labor day.
No, it was not labor day.
Labor day was a Monday.
It gave me a way on Friday for the labor day tickets to the Gringo.
What do you mean to the Gringo?
It was by a Gringo of beer day.
Are you going to start with that Cuban crap again this morning?
It's three minutes after the hour and already you're starting with Cuban crap.
No, I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not talking about this orate verkiette.
hat a thick hamburger right now.
This new thing you know with the where Jennifer Lopez and Ricky Martin and all of these other non-towards and micias.
And I watched them by 40 minutes.
at least Miguel by the way never got a mention.
NEVER got a mention that I saw I didn't see the last 20 minutes, but I have my doubts that even never got a mention.
and you want to know why because he doesn't speak in england he doesn't sing
an anguish
what is it and yesterday and for about five words and it everybody laughed
them off the stage
but it anyway so guess who they spent most of the time on act not Ricky Martin
not and reekay although there was plenty on and reekate
and uh... and the Jennifer Lopez
but mark anthony
you know who that is
you don't even know what it is named but let me just tell you one thing about
mark anthony
it can't think for sure exactly
okay
he don't look good he doesn't sing good he uh...
but other than that he's great
and he crossed over he crossed races and he crossed over
no it's ricky martin that crossed dresses this guy crossed over
and how he sings both an esponial and in the english and how he's bigger than
uh... wonder bread
so supposedly
can't sing a lick can't think for sure exactly
he's he's grotesque
he he couldn't lick
just the tiniest spot on either cheek of louis McGill that's how bad
this guy is
but this is the hype now baby everything is hype
abc a whole hour special i just discovered and then this mamba number five
piece of crap that they keep uh... you know that either you know i'm gonna tell
you forgot that pretend don't know about music
it's not it's not pick it's main the mamba
now it's main stream it's big
mamba number five
which thank god it's the kind of came in what very rapidly was like uh... you
know like a bad rash that goes away in a couple days
mamba number five
so anyway great read comes in here about ten minutes before the hour
with his usual sense of humor going like that
so i guess you must have already mentioned to him the fact that i was that
but you know that's what he came rushing in here but i knew it had nothing to do
with radio
but you know something
screw that okay anybody can uh... diddle with radio
what's important for the book with bob green did he have anything to do with
radio that he got me those damn panther tickets
he's the one that said the president getting the panther season tickets remember
that
as a gift
just because they knew that they were underpaying me and getting me real cheap
that's right
so that was a way of uh... you know that they're gonna screw me anyway or at least
so they thought
thanks very much by the way bob niel
and all you other figures all you go up there in Atlanta thank you so much
because we're working at the best goddamn radio station in america right now
about eight minutes ago i would have said quite the opposite
in fact great statement the embarrassment talking about this article about radio
exit nobisath easing where they got in i showed him the picture i said look at
that they got better equipment than we do at a college station
that shares that frequency with pipe or high with kpx
kpx is seven a m to seven p.m. and uh... nobisath easing seven p.m. to seven in the
morning and plan a hell of a lot better music than power ninety six by the way
or anybody else on fm in the market
so i'm told
although based on you know your musical taste
you just on a word that's the problem you just unaware of what's going on in
music
helping you not know my mom and how can you not know mark and then
because i don't listen to hulio music
but let me say it again he's across the right hour over whatever it's tini
bought pop
mark and then he
yeah no statement by that stuff all here we go with that again back with the
first it was the human thing and i was back to his homophobia again
just like i said yesterday next to the picking on a jews again and will have
completed the circle
send you to us about how they stole the uh... land from the desert from the
air ups over there
you can't worry about the back at all
just worry about the desert and vagus okay like i said
that was bugsy seagull i got that thing really going that was that was the
desert that the jews took care of forget about that piece of crap over there
and about this by the way urging prayers to convert the jews all
that's on the front page of the paper this morning
just in time for russia shona and you i'm kipper they're getting their start
now the hawk it away again the god damn back
all right good religious stuff
come on let's hear from some hulio's about mark and then he this morning
that's a good case your just all these big stupid stars that he doesn't know
anything about all this hot music momo number five
like i said just before vacation got eighty billion who knows out there in
this audience the most useless i mean just just like a uh... wet dish rag
that's the impact of our holy all i mean that it's the extent of their input
when you got something really hot like this so anyway Greg read comes in and
says he's got me front row tickets for the backstreet boys concert next week
out there's a guy okay Greg read
not too good on a radio part of it but uh... not too good on getting people
paid on time nevertheless if you wait long enough if you live long enough if
you're a survivor you'll eventually get the cash and the check might clear
someday but those are on important things the important thing is backstreet
boys front row seats for next week so there you go crazy nearly okay you failed
us badly so you just don't want me to ripper because you want to keep getting
all those crappy CD's he sends yeah and it's crap
that's what you think when's the last time she sent a good CD name you one
the uh... Detroit rock city soundtrack but you wouldn't be in that
yeah so name the another one that anybody might be in to be said you in your
crappy taste name the another one phoenix uh... tia and by the way limp brista
biscuit blows okay let me let me just tell you beyond a shadow of it out he blows
today him it like sugar ray sugar ray it's him i mean it's a group but it's
still oh god i'm starting to get feverish oh by the way little spirited on
waffles yesterday the same idiots that call with the same stupid sports calls
on this station they're calling over there what i tell you can put a godden
giraffe on the air well what do you think about this gym drug and
Miller thing jim call jim burry yeah during hanks break i flip over there and
the jim burry who's kind of like a male animal he's on with her maybe he caught
it from her angel ray he does that that happy talk sports hey here's our phone
number that that kind of thing got a you an asshole jim
go back to Chicago they won't take him so where's the calls from the godden
holios about mark Anthony to tell us you can't think for sure yeah that's
wrong with you people man
god are you tough what a tough crowd this is 10 past 10 at five sixty wqm or
two
A-B-C ten o'clock and I think I have another show on the Polish crossover music.
It's ten fifteen at five sixty WQA.
So speaking of music, anybody...
And I don't know when I'm asking these questions because it's obvious that I've had a really
the wrong court here today, no question about that.
They wouldn't know Mark Anthony from Mark Anthony.
I'm telling you right now, they don't,
they haven't got a clue who that is.
They wouldn't know Marcus Biggest Dickis
from what's his name, Marcus Aurelia.
So anyway, Radio X at the Nova South Eastern University,
student run station, they got a picture
in a community news section in a scum set
in the morning.
And here's Colin or is that Colin?
Is there anybody named Colin anymore?
Is that like a British thing?
I think it's Irish.
It's called to know that's even worse.
Oh Jesus boy.
Oh, he is wearing kilts by the way.
Colin Hurley and Derek Coffers.
So anyway, they're in the studio at Studio X
at whatever this radio station is in Nova South Eastern.
And I just happen to notice here
that they've got considerably better.
I mean, much better equipment than we got here at QIM,
including those really great mics
that we used to have like at IOD.
What are those?
These are electrovoys.
These are okay.
They're not bands.
And hizers we have.
Sennheises, yeah, very expensive microphones.
Very, I mean, they make even a guilty wood son
like a real man, huh?
Yeah, I'm serious.
I'll actually yell these that a deep,
a basic voice.
It's just those crappy microphones
that make them sound like that.
Oh, it's speaking to the worst team.
I'm all over the place,
but obviously it's gonna have a lot of time to speak today.
So seriously, I've never seen the first thing I said to George
when I walked in this morning.
I have never witnessed in my life such a rapid deterioration
of a human being as beefhole.
We're gonna be showing you the beefhole and after pictures.
And you're gonna be holding your head in your hands
and crying a lot too.
I just, I have never seen anyone.
I've known this guy for years now.
Worked with him at IOD for a long, long time.
And you know, he was always kind of a,
he was always the same.
You saw him on television and all those marginal shows
the dog racing show, the highlight show,
the sunshine show, the sports channel show,
which he's still doing those things.
And he always looked the same.
And then he came over here with the sports nerd crowd.
And all of a sudden, man, this guy,
I mean, I know he likes a, a, a proper tune now and end, you know?
Or three or four or five or six?
What wouldn't you have had a rocky meridz
like he has a line?
You know, it, maybe that's got something to do with it.
I don't know.
I don't wanna give a whole personal thing with it.
But I come in yesterday back from vacation
and saw beefhole in the hallway and man, bloodshot eyes.
This is, this is 845 in the morning yesterday.
We're not talking about 845 at night, 845 in the AM.
Red faced, you know?
and he's just gotten all the way to Hank lost, B.F.O. founded.
Like in a lump somewhere in a corner, they grabbed it.
Red face and it's like W.C. Fields.
Have you ever wondered what people who look like W.C. Fields looked like when they were younger?
In other words, how did the transition take place?
How did he come from whatever he looked like when it was dirty to what he looked like in the movies with a big bulb of snow?
Now of course you mentioned the Irish in the Scottish before.
And like Ted Kennedy, there's another example.
Have you noticed him lately?
If you look like real close?
In other words, from 500 yards away or closer?
I mean every vein in his face is red now.
Every vein, every little cell is like, just stand out.
It protrudes red.
It's from all of that.
Booze is what it is.
It's an Irish thing.
The B.F.O. is the Irish by the way?
No.
So maybe it's now the Irish Jewish Chinese-wish?
Well, it's Polish?
I don't know.
So man, this guy is falling apart right in front of our eyes.
What are we going to do about him?
Can we save him?
You think, no.
Lost cause.
So anyway, anybody ever hear Radio X?
Now you said that you heard it.
They play really good music on there, which N.O.K.P.X plays great music during the daytime.
They actually have a better production value since their college.
They can pronounce a couple words.
You mean, let him do it in any spots on there?
How about Tommy?
They got Tommy doing live spots on there?
He's the production director.
Poor Tommy.
Poor Tommy.
He was just a tear and his hair out by the roots this morning.
So no Mark Anthony calls, huh?
Nobody knows from Mark Anthony.
5.6705.60, pound 5.60 on a mobile one line.
Nobody cares about the Julio singers.
And you want to know why?
Cause I was doing this years ago.
Look at all the number of years ago.
As usual, how far ahead I am of this phony baloney so called mainstream?
Years ago that I was peddling Luis Miguel records in a sponule to rednecks.
Even in Tampa, they were going out to the records doors and buying Luis Miguel
because I was planted on here.
So as far as this Hispanic music explosion boys and girls, Uncle Neil was ahead of it by light years,
a billion years ahead of it with what's his name?
Their what's the little one with the always runner round with a shirt off?
Fabius said, dickess, what is his name?
Whatever Flavio Caesar.
All those guys.
Yeah.
As usual way, way ahead of the mainstream and all these people are just catching up
with a guy like Marcus Anthony, whatever his name is, can't sing a lick, can't lick it.
At least in Rickey, you look at him and you know he can lick it.
Here's a mobile implantation.
Hello?
Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm sorry, I was in a whole cat enough.
I went to eat panthers practice and the practice was closed in a public.
Sir, what are you talking about?
Are you listening to this show?
The Panthers.
Are you listening to this show, sir?
Is this the same guy that called at the beginning yesterday with your panther droppings?
Sorry, I just got back.
Yeah.
Why are we talking about the Panthers?
Is there something going on that I don't know about?
I thought you were Florida's biggest panther fan.
And?
And?
Well, just want to tell you that we saw them on Saturday.
They were doing the time.
Sir, let me ask you something.
What kind of a person goes to practice?
What happened to being Canada?
Sir, I go to Canada all the time.
I go to Canada all the time.
I'm sorry, I'm not a lot of happy, huh?
You're not going to haul, you're going to Toronto.
Yeah.
This was haul.
So what differences are making?
I guess there's not too much to do in haul, is there?
There's nothing to do in haul.
Well, I guess I know why I went to practice.
It was pretty interesting, actually.
Yeah.
We walked into players' entrance by accident.
We spoke to people.
It was unbelievable.
What's the matter?
Every, when I want to talk cocky, like when the season is going on,
I can't buy a call for $50,000.
But when I'm trying to talk about something important here,
like Marcus Dickis, whatever his name is,
you're telling me about the Panther practice and how long I'm the way wherever it was.
Okay, tell you, it just happened.
So what is there to tell us about Panther practice?
Let's hear it.
We walked in.
No, no, I don't want to hear what you walked in, you sat down.
What is it that you saw that would be of interest to us?
Well, first of all, the ambience of the arena is a totally different.
This arena was about 5,000.
You know, arena about 40 years old.
Just the old pictures on the wall, the old cocky plays was very interesting to see.
It feels totally different than the Miami arena in that area.
Well, how about Maple Leaf Gardens?
They're not playing there anymore, but it still feels different to walk in there
and see all the stuff on the walls.
It feels different.
What does that have to do with the Panther practice?
Well, Paul L'Burrow's getting around him.
He was doing the time skates.
He looked fantastic.
Yeah.
Not a problem in the world.
Trevor Tidd looks very good.
The goalie.
Looks very good, what?
In a suit?
Most skating around, react things.
Look, look, look, look, look, how can you tell if a goalie looks good skating around?
They're wearing all of those heavy up pads, all of that equipment.
What do you mean he didn't fall down?
Well, it's funny to see him skating around with all those pads, like you said.
You know, huffing and puffing.
But it was interesting.
Oh, God.
Please, I haven't even had a hard time.
I'm trying to help out here.
Help me out with what?
With hockey talk?
He's such a big fan.
I thought you would find that interesting insight.
You also told us we were talking to a three-hour-
Well, you were talking about what?
What, in three?
I don't want to hear about Terry Murray.
He's an asshole.
The players all hate him.
I know all about Terry Murray, okay?
He looks sad and he was the insides group that everybody assigned.
He told us it's unsatisfied.
He gave you the insides, go blow him.
You're not listening to what I'm saying, sir.
He's an asshole.
The players will not play for him.
They hate him like poison.
Reef my lips.
It's okay.
It's last year, like I said.
They said it before.
Excellent.
Now you're starting to get to the good stuff.
Yeah, what's the matter?
Have a great day.
Oh, can you believe just like yesterday?
I come back from vacation.
It's hockey talk.
This guy was in Hall, I'm Terry, or whoever the hell is.
You know where the hell it is, Hall.
And I don't care.
I know Bobby Hall and Dennis Hall and Brett Hall and Warren Hall.
Anybody know Warren Hall?
No.
From Stracken Rich.
See, Mark Anthony, they don't know.
Hockey talk from Hall, Canada somewhere that he's watching the Panther practice, then he
knows like I care.
Is there anybody in this audience cares about that?
No.
No.
Even in the middle of the season, even in the height of the season, in the height of whatever
might be going on, if anything does go on this year, if Beret don't get injured, do
they care about hockey here?
No.
And this guy's calling me to give me a son of a dead breathless that he was in Hall, Ontario.
Watch as a Panther practice.
56670560, pound 560 on the mobile online.
Here's the mobile and pound beat.
Hello.
Meal.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
I was calling last week.
George is doing a show and I wanted to find out what he finally ended up deciding on whether
he was going to do the swing thing or not.
So let me ask you something.
Are you listening to your radio today?
Yes, sir.
Are you talking about the swing that George wasted a whole week of the show talking about
again last week?
I was just trying to get the info from him.
Not the info about what?
To see what it was about.
I told him to have to wait till the next vacation.
Yeah.
Well, what differences have you made to you whether George goes there or not?
Well, what happened was I called last week and I was hoping to give him first hand experience
from it, but I was holding for so long and I ended up hanging up.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, George had a lot of calls last week.
That's a good sign.
I'm not getting any this week, but you know, it's a transition period.
Oh, so did he do it or not?
You'll have to wait till I go on vacation in November again and he'll tell you.
All right.
Okay, so don't crash, but so tight.
Okay, let it breathe a little bit.
Let's amoxygenate.
Well, you got these people whipped up with that swing crap.
I'll tell you that.
So I'm sorry that I mentioned about that Latin Vicholas, not about Mark Anthony and, yeah, I'm sorry.
And the mumbo number five and all this other crap.
Very sorry.
Let's do some hockey talk.
Okay.
Oh, come on.
No, seriously, that's what they want to talk about.
Berrier first call yesterday right out of the box, hockey call.
First call this morning, right out of the box, hockey call.
Hall.
I can call Rimmer.
Get him on the hotline.
1026 at 560 WQM.
I think I lost his number.
I have it.
Like I said, if you're smart.
Super God.
I have a hairy chest.
I have a hairy chest.
I have a hairy chest.
Real men have hairy chest.
I like to watch Baywatch.
I like to watch Baywatch.
I like to watch Baywatch.
Real men like to watch Baywatch.
I like to listen to Ricky Martin.
What?
I like to listen to Ricky Martin.
Hello.
Real men don't listen to Ricky Martin.
Sorry, pal.
I see.
Oh, I miss it.
I'm sorry, real men.
1040 at 560 WQM.
So, evidently, we're going to have to talk about swinging again until we can make a transition out of it.
Seriously, the only people that I got left listening now after the week that you did last week are the swinging crowd, which we know there's about what 80 of those is that what it is?
Oh, God.
They're all sitting out there.
They're squeezing it, waiting for the arrest of the story.
Here's the facts.
Dear Neil, usually I am waiting here the name on this facts by the way.
Usually I agree with you, but today I'm a little disappointed.
I can't believe you don't like Mark Anthony.
Do I like Mark Anthony?
No.
No, he sucks.
He has an incredible voice.
He does look like crap, but he can sing especially in Spanish.
You should listen to his older CDs, and I guarantee you you'll change your mind about it.
No.
No.
He is much better than Ricky and Ricky.
And Ricky, Krueger, Christian, what?
Castro.
And yes, better than Luis Miguel.
Oh, yeah.
Once again, Neil, give him a try.
Love.
W-I-W-I.
What is that?
Wewee is that high?
Love Wewee.
Or maybe that's a statement.
Love Wewee.
Oh, my God.
You have to be kidding me.
Mark Anthony, better than Luis Miguel.
I mean, this is laughable on the face of it.
It's a joke.
It's ridiculous.
Just another hype job, man.
A guy can't sing.
Looks like a turd burger.
He weighs about 80 pounds soak and wet.
Another 90s dynamite.
And he's going out about, well, he got his inspiration from, you know, who the hell did they have on Ola Santana?
Which is a fiber here, Eddie, that Oyee Koma-Vag.
And I'm going to go from last time.
Don't, now, don't tell me you've got that.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
But by different people.
Wow.
Thank God.
And he's talking about his inspiration was watching Desi Arnez doing a Babalu on TV.
Babalu.
There you go.
That's the great Cuban conservation to music.
Babalu.
Get it out of here.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Neil, how you doing, buddy?
Okay, sir.
And have you read that article on the health day, but discussing Christian fundamentalists trying to convert some of the Jews?
Yes, sir. I mentioned that.
Yes. Backdist are trying to convert the Jews. They're praying right now.
What's the reason for that?
Shouldn't they worry about getting their own members?
No, the reason for that is because, like, all fundamentalist Christians and, like, all fundamentalist religions of any kind,
they believe that their thing is to convert the world with their own sick, twisted religion.
God damn those Christians.
Exactly.
Bye.
Okay.
56670560.560 on a mobile online.
Like I said yesterday, anybody who would buy into any of this bull crap, anyway, needs serious help, needs a lobotomy immediate with not sooner, especially people like your good friend or your accountant that you're always defending.
Indefensible.
A crazy person.
A certifiable.
I don't care how good of an accountant he is.
A certifiable, crazy person.
What's the point?
My point is that people like that need to be, we need to be separated from them to save us from their insanity.
Comes in here twisting, he's laying it to fill in, and he's wrapping the, oh my god.
Crazy people.
56670560.560 on a mobile online.
Here's a mobile in the Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Welcome to Swing Talk.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, a long time first time.
How you doing now?
Okay.
I'm going to Vegas at the end of this month.
And you've had mentions in your, in the past about a restaurant that is kind of hard to get in, but it's excellent.
It's hard to get in.
Yeah.
You said that it was a wonderful restaurant, but Rosewood Grill.
La Grill?
Rosewood Grill.
Okay.
It's not hard to get in.
It's not hard to get in.
No, because it's expensive as I'll get out.
Oh, what are they?
What's their specialties?
State, lobster, et cetera, you know?
Oh, lobster that's still.
I don't care about the price if they have good lobster.
Okay, well, that's the place for you right in the middle of the strip.
Okay, listen, thanks so much, Neil.
Have a great time.
Okay, bye bye.
And there's this dynamite McDonald's about two blocks down the road.
So what did Greg say about my back street boys tickets?
Okay, because this audience, they're indifferent.
I don't care about these people today.
They make me sick.
I'm so disgusted to eat back after 10 great days of vacation.
I come back to this the last day.
The total lack of respect.
Total lack of anything in this town.
So what did Greg say about those the back street boys tickets?
He was telling me that the exhaust fan is being installed even as we speak in the bathroom.
Oh, you know something?
I changed my mind about that.
Because I went in there to take a leak about 10 minutes before the show.
You know, I mean, I realized that we can't all control our bodily aromas at all times.
But I have never worked in a radio station in my life where there were as many people who've got really smelly BN problems.
I'm talking, I mean, Josh Friedman's not even here this morning that I know of.
And by the way, they shoved your chair all the way down the hallway, Josh, just because it smelled so bad.
Not as bad though as it smelled in the, oh my, I walked in there.
I said, it smells like a toilet in here.
Your eyes water.
Oh my God.
Who took a crap just before I went in this morning?
So thank God we got the exhaust fan going.
Nice going Greg.
Like I said, that Greg Reed, man, assault of the earth.
Comes to radio.
He's a big zero.
But other than that, when it comes to the other good stuff like tickets, exhaust fans, he's the best.
He is.
He knows his crap, baby.
That's right.
That's why we're getting the exhaust fan in the old craft room there because Greg knows his crap.
That's what he knows about radio too, crap.
That's for him, for those backspeed boys tickets.
Right there in the front row.
Here's a mobile implantation.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Welcome back, buddy.
Sir, sure.
Easy for you to say.
Listen, I was an Amsterdam when I was young with my parents.
The stuff man and the hookers back then were great.
You say that now they're not that great over there.
They're like district.
There are a lot of real skanky ones.
There's some three attracted ones that depends on how desperate you are, I guess.
Yeah, because when I was there, man, they were all pretty hot, man.
Well, I don't know about the hookers.
I mean, if people, I've said this before, I'll say it again.
If you need to pay for sex in Amsterdam, you're pretty desperate.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, I am.
I'll pay for it anytime.
Okay, there you go.
At least honesty is always a good policy.
Yeah, and another thing, oh yeah, the guy said, Land Rover, Fort Lauderdale, Tony and Robert, you're a bunch of douche bags and I'm on my way.
Take care, Neil.
Okay, pal.
I'll stop the brief.
Whatever that means.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line as we continue searching for the truth.
That this guy, or just, by the way, American Airlines, the Rugrats or the Ramp Rats, whatever they call them.
They had a full page ad.
They took out in the hill yesterday, which I somehow missed since I don't scour every page of ads in the hill.
But there was a piece on the news last night and they're pissed off and fired up over there.
American Airlines at MIA, the Rugrats.
I mean, Ramp Rats.
I mean, the Rugrats.
Whatever they are.
The real rats.
Because they don't want to be called this and they're taken at personal just because there was this big drug bus and because everybody hates American Airlines like poison.
I'm going to tell you a little American Airlines story again.
Yeah, because I have some, like you saw me scratch out the thing on the counter.
We were going to go to Vegas in November and change the plans because it was too close to my next vacation.
So I pushed it back to like Martin Luther Coon Day next year that weekend.
So I call up and I already made long ago because you know months ahead I make all these reservations to get my tickets on American Airlines through Dallas to Vegas because I will not fly America worst.
So I had the tickets and they're not refundable.
So what choice you got?
So I call up American Airlines to make this change.
I spoke to a girl who on a scale of zero owed four million points in the IQ column and I told her I had the tickets.
I needed to change the dates.
Oh, one more and I went through the whole story about what the dates were.
One moment please.
She puts me on hold now comes on some guy who must be her brother and husband.
Yeah.
And I said, well, do I have to start all over again?
And he goes, yeah.
So I have to go through the whole story all over again about well, these are the dates that I got to take it forward.
This is what we would like to fly on the same flights and I'm going to say there's something.
I have I could have talked to my miniature pencher and he would have had better comprehension of what I was talking about.
All through the call he kept going.
Like that.
All through this call, I must have lasted 25 minutes for the simplest goddamn transaction.
A moron could have done this in five minutes.
Somebody would have just walked in there, just picked up the phone.
Somebody walked in there off the street and picked up the phone.
Could have done it in five minutes.
But this American Airlines employee.
I don't know what you people over there at my air upset about because guess what?
Those of us who pay through the nose to fly were the ones that are pissed off and we hate you like poison.
Okay.
There may be a few of you who are good folks over there to American Airlines at my maybe a few, which I could count on the fingers of one hand.
On the middle finger of both hands.
But you know, it's wasting the money for full page ads to be defensive because you're pissed off being called ramp rats.
That should be the worst that people call you as pissed off as they are.
And I mentioned yesterday I saw I'm seeing anything about the survey about the dissatisfaction with the airlines.
American Airlines is at least consistent.
Their number on.
They're at the bottom in every category.
Leave it on time.
They're on the bottom.
Service whatever.
Fight.
Fight.
Forget it.
They took the arm in five legs.
Air every aspect that they could ask you.
They're on the bottom of the list.
They suck.
So you people over there at American Airlines instead of taking out stupid ads in the newspaper.
How about getting your crap together?
How about taking off on time once this year would be good.
The years we got a third of the year to go.
Just once before we changed the thing.
Any chance of that happening?
No.
No.
I mean this guy was even a moron.
He was a certifiable moron.
I was probably making like three bucks an hour to sit somewhere in Dallas or somewhere to answer a guy to him phone.
He hadn't got a clue I was talking about.
Twenty before 11 at 560 WQA.
Onil my queen.
Go.
Go.
Well where are we?
Can that swing keep me?
Said this Monica Lourisky.
I got to reach it but it's falling too far.
Probably what she was doing when she played her part.
Well she thanked her hand on the steering wheel.
Not the usual way we feel.
Sign on the road today straight ahead.
Grab stop was near she would soon be fed.
Gave it some gas and swear to the right.
Heading for the best good light.
She lost control.
The poor and blue and landed next to the drive.
Blue.
Well poor Monica Lourisky.
Wester card to see with sun breath.
But she's a luck hunter business dad.
Her mouth is not dead and she can still give head.
Oh right.
1046 at 560 WQA.
Why do we have a WAP in the 1700 on the dial?
Always a good thing to build a new station and a new format around a dying guy.
Here's the thing from the Boston Globe because I'm a started on FM.
Talk 96.9 WSJZ FM in Boston after they dumped him off EEM because he's dying.
It says I must show you this is from the Boston Globe.
I must show yesterday reinforced the perception that in recent years as he's become engaged in the worthy pursuits of child rearing and building a new Mexico ranch for children of cancer.
He's been losing the sharp, satirical edge that was his trademark.
His son Wyatt's late bedtime as well as a head wound the child and took it on the I man were chewed over at length yesterday.
The New Mexico Ranch which is clearly captured by Mrs. Hart also got plenty of air time and brother Fred I must came on to discuss some new sheep the siblings had purchased.
At times the so energy level was dangerously low and the silence is in terminably long.
What do you expect from a dead man in a chair?
Okay, do you expect an exciting show from the dead man?
Oh my god.
And they're building a form at around him in Boston boy nice going there man.
Whoever's doing that's going to be camp by the end of the year.
Just like over here at the 1900 on your A.M. dial.
But like I said they got no shortage of calls over there the same nerds that call the station they're calling over there.
What do you think of that truck and Miller guy huh?
And what do you think about the all in yesterday I'm listening to Hank.
And he's going on as he said that he was going to do about that front page through it by Burry Jack I said about the chutzpah of John Henry and all the stuff about building this Phantom Stadium.
And the first call after I've been talking about Jake Lamata and the movie raging bull crap.
First call what do you think about that fight this coming up Hank you think whatever whoever it is they got a chance.
See this is all part of the same mentality it's all part of the same cultural American phenomenon of the American male.
How many million of mine don't know there are but there are millions and millions of them and everything in their mind is in the same it's all categorized.
Boxing being right up there at the forefront the next fight it doesn't make any difference who's in it.
But the next fight this is something every real man is going to talk about as if this is like a real sport.
By the way remember that call we got yesterday from that lady that went on and on and on and on about the Vicki and the family.
Yes.
Two voicemails from her long long voicemails saying what.
Sucky Sucky Sucky Sucky Sucky Sucky can I get to know who I am right somebody handed her the phone because I mentioned the movie rating.
One copy of the show so she can give it to Vicki.
No we don't do copies of the show lady okay.
And just get a life and no wonder I hated that movie like I said.
You know I used to like Joe Pesci before I saw that movie now I can't stand him the nearer I could live without and now never again.
Kids face risk of brain injuries and amateur sports that's on a front page of your newspaper this morning.
How about that all an airsoft Friedman who's stuck up that chair by the way.
What is it?
Not this chair the one that they pushed down the hallway.
They put they pushed it down because they didn't want it in their room.
Let me say it again why why are you trying to deflect the criticism of how bad you smell on the George okay.
The fact is that you said on the chair and that the people from the morning show from the worst team shoved it all the way down the hall because it smelled so bad.
How about these have these amazing things called bars of soap okay.
Maybe the guy behind you can show you how you tie a rope to it okay because it's not a good idea to drop it.
So coast coast go over and see Bob Green coast.
Stick up there join okay.
I'll show you one of those Randy tears.
In fact maybe he can elope with Randy.
Like I said there you go it's close.
Get out of here.
Josh Friedman a man who hasn't bathed since before Jesus was an infant.
Here's Cooper City hello.
Yes he's giving me a thumbs up like this is all funny yes sir.
Hey welcome back.
Sure.
A quick question please I know you just came back from Amsterdam I'm on my way over there next week.
Yeah.
I just want to give me some tips first time over there I'm going with the wife though.
That was a great time.
Yeah.
That's my tip.
Well I plan to have a great time.
You will well you're taking your wife.
Yeah unfortunately.
What do you know that for.
I'm sorry.
What the hell are you doing that for.
Well I you know it's vacation I got to go with somebody.
But anything you could tell me that I can stay I mean I think I'm staying at a decent place but I plan to do it in a red light.
Let me ask you something why do you people all seem like a bunch of lost school kids you know.
Like the guy who caused me before about Vegas.
I'm going to Vegas can I tell him a place to eat in Vegas.
Did they have a place like a restaurant in Vegas and you're going to Amsterdam.
Sir all you got to do is walk outside and walk around in the heart of the city and you'll have a wonderful time.
Excellent.
Believe me.
Looking forward to it.
Have a great great life.
Appreciate it.
Okay.
Just going with his wife.
I'm bad idea.
Kids faced risk of brain injuries and amateur sports.
How about that fight coming up huh?
How about that Muhammad Ali?
How about that cauliflower head Rocky Marciano?
How about that moron Jake Lamatta etc and so on and the list goes on.
But don't confuse the American macho male with that because this is as American as apple pie and Chevrolet and the handgun.
Another five year old kid dead yesterday by the way got caught in the crossfire of that argument between the.
The mother and her father do you see that story?
Another dead one.
Then there was a three year old kid the day before that got shot and killed.
Oh guns don't kill people see this is all part of the American sickness and I can't change it so I'm not going to get all agitated about it.
It just happens to be true then that punk will call back again.
Oh Neil screw you Neil screw he called yesterday by the way that was the one go back to Amsterdam Neil.
Yeah he's very upset that I actually had a good time there.
Sorry.
You believe me?
No.
No I'm not.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line.
I mean seriously can there be anything more boring than somebody calling on going to Florence Italy.
Can you tell me a good restaurant there a good trotteria?
Well what is that?
Well what kind of a conversation is that?
God is this a boring place with boring people.
I'm going to tell you how desperate the people are here.
I walk in yesterday to Eckerds which I hate like you know like poison but I only hate the front part where you go to the front counter.
You know like when you're buying stickers bars so your mom can find a rapper when she's rummaging through your garbage the next time she's in your house.
And I had to get some blood testing strips those acu Jack acu check whatever those things are.
And so I go in the back and the pharmacist the guy looks at me like like Jesus had just walked in he gave me the most astonished look.
Seriously like I just couldn't believe that he was overwhelmed he reaches out and shakes my hand and it's like oh and I once was driving behind you on knob hill you were in your Corvette and your beautiful red Corvette couple of years ago.
Unbelievable and I mean I'm flattered that the guy is a fan and he's telling me about oh I know you know like Eckerds and I said well most of my problems that I could are up in the front side there with the catcher just to run front not back with the pharmacy.
Of course I usually never get that far back to go to the pharmacy but I happen to be close by there so I picked up the stuff.
But I'm thinking to myself not God how how dull how boring can life possibly be that somebody is this flabbergasted to see me I mean you know I'm I I just don't get it.
I look at a mirror in the morning I'm not flabbergasted to see me at all but I'm Jesus there it is you again here's hi alia hello.
Hi alia.
Daniel.
Yes sir.
First time caller.
I'm calling about Mark Anthony.
He can't sing for nothing.
Yeah.
He or just I think him up because he was hanging around with Jennifer Lopez.
I seen this guy in South Beach he looks like a weasel.
He's not a good singer.
He's not another one of those baggots is he?
No.
Maybe he is.
Not a cone.
Maybe maybe.
Okay I'll check him out.
All right thank you.
See ya.
Okay there go good call.
56670560.
Pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Mark Anthony.
He can't sing for nothing.
Make no mistake about it.
Okay don't get sucked into buying his music and going and seeing his confidence and stuff like that because the other shed over it out.
He can't sing for nothing.
In spite of what we we said.
Yeah we we.
Leave it to somebody named we we to like Mark Anthony.
Okay I see in fact if you look at him you think of we we yeah that's what he looks like.
56670560.
Pound 560 on the mobile one line.
We keep plugging along here we can't talk about Jim Druckenmiller you know.
We can't talk about sports 24 hours a day here.
We have to break it up a little bit for you between the swing clubs and a guy them you know that next fight coming up.
For all you macho guys they want to watch somebody beat the crap out of somebody else.
I'm just unbelievable.
How ingrained this is in American society it's like the gun.
I mean it's it's sick on the face of it.
It doesn't take a genius to figure out.
It's a sickness.
It's it's pathetic.
Just like with a boxing thing and somebody who wasn't even a famous boxer somebody who wasn't even all that great Jake Lamatta.
They make a whole movie out of it and because it was in black and white and then according to the Humper because his wife was a hot looking blonde.
Go go watch some porn movies if you want to see go watch Debbie does the Detroit again okay with Bambi Woods.
She was a hot looking blonde at least you'll see something.
God you're going to go watch a movie because somebody is in it who looks good.
Who's got all her clothes on during a whole movie and it's a crap movie.
I don't think so.
Go see a movie with good looking people with no clothes on like Ron Jeremy.
There you go.
That'll cure you from all those sex problems.
You just you'll give it up for sookas.
Call up the bat this okay.
Tom we're all giving up sex for a young Kipper this year and Russia Shona and Chivu and we're giving up romantic too.
Aren't you far missing the glam.
I bet you're free to far missing her.
I bet you're she's not too happy with those goddamn bathless either whatever hell her name is.
Imaging coca junior.
From frow far missing them.
1056 at 560 WQ I.M.
So Sam says.
WQ I.M.
I.M.
I.M.
I.M.
We.
Day.
Like.
Things.
Like.
But we.
But.
We.
We.
We.
Day.
If you want.
These outfits.
They.
Your.
We.
We.
We.
We.
We.
We.
We.
We.
We.
We.
I swear, we'll be safe in the next day.
I swear, we'll be safe in the next day.
And by the way, that young bitch that called me a couple of weeks ago, that was a cussing
me out who didn't or asked for my elbow.
OK, I was in the car about a half an hour ago listening to you.
First of all, Nick Carter has more talent than his right code than you will ever have.
And he's not a pineapple head, you stupid fat baguette.
Yeah, that's just one.
I'm going to be right there with a front-wheel-watch in the car tonight's week.
How about you, honey?
You're going to be in a front-wheel-watch?
No.
Stupid bitch.
I'll give Nick a big kiss for you.
OK, sweetheart?
God, are they pathetic?
So Sam comes in here, Sam, our promotions man.
Again, another guy that's kind of like, you know, waiting his way through life.
That's waiting with a D and with an IT, whichever, you know, just waiting around for something
to happen.
And he tells me about this QAM golf, this celebrity golf tournament that we got.
Remember, we had the big-
Roll episode in here about three, four weeks ago?
An unacceptable episode in which I got the 85th lecture on the air, by the way, about
how OJ didn't do it.
He didn't do it.
What a hell did Roy want, by the way.
Yeah, exactly.
What's his role?
OK, problem.
So at any rate, the golf tournament come to find out is going over like, remember what
we dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki and WW2?
Yeah, that's what it's going over like.
We got two foursome sign up for that golf tournament.
So please help out our sales department.
Well, again, it's tried to do what I told them, don't do it.
Don't try to commercialize our center one fundraiser.
We've been doing this for years.
We know what we're doing.
We know what we want to do.
We do a great job of doing it.
Please don't commercialize this.
And please don't give me the excuse.
You want to raise a whole lot of other money.
Because all you're trying to do is sell a bunch of sponsors on it and suck a lot of money
out of people.
And it's going to be a disaster.
I don't want nothing to do with it.
And it's a bomb, OK?
Not the bomb, a bomb.
Eight's bomb.
Speaking of age, hockey Fest 99.
Here we go.
He gave me a whole bunch of crap here.
This will kill some good time.
Thank you, Sam.
At least it looks like you're doing something anyway.
Anybody believe it?
No.
Join QA and broadcasting live from hockey Fest 99 this Saturday from noon to five and enjoy
interactive games, meet Florida Panthers, players, and much more at the National Car
Yanta Rental Center.
Noon to five this Saturday.
It's hockey Fest.
See, it's a good thing we started with that guy from a hall on Tariot this morning with
that hockey call.
It's hockey time, baby.
I have some great Whitney talk.
And then here's this too.
I'll just do them all together.
It'll kill half an hour.
Party with QA and Donnie B. this Monday night at Gatsby's in Boca from Monday night to
baller catch the live pregame broadcast in Pepper Valley with Kimba Bo camper and Jeff
B.Fo forest.
Former players, Dolphin cheerleaders, and lots more all live from Shula State 2 in Miami
Lakes.
There you go, Sam.
Don't ask me for anything else, okay?
Stay the hell away.
Oh, by the way, and his fruitcake buddy was on the TRI yesterday.
Which one?
The one I can.
Jordan.
Yeah.
And then it takes me an extra two seconds because I'm building a gigantic
mental block against that name in my head.
Oh, God, is she something?
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hey, Nio, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Will you tell this foster guy to shut up, please, because the center one is the best thing
you've ever done.
Really?
I respect you highly for that.
And I know the thing, so I'm a graduating senior at FIU.
Yes, sir.
And they can be take this African American history class, the worst mistake I've ever
made.
Why is that?
What do you mean by taking it?
I'm taking two blocks, my final two block acting classes.
Yeah.
And then I have to take some electives that I didn't take, like an English way class or
whatever.
So, but it's fine.
I can work.
I'm open to anything, you know, but the poem is, first of all, my class is very dark
and collected, like 90%, 90%.
Yeah.
And do they smell bad most of the more?
No, no, no.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't need that thing.
That's a good start.
Like I said, if he can't look at at least, it smells good.
Yeah, it smells pretty good in there, but I like to voice my opinion, you know, I like
the poem with it.
And you can't say anything to these people there.
Go on edge and the paranoia is so sick of me that I can't really give it.
Hey, there you go.
You're picking on him right now.
See, you're doing it yourself.
Well, okay, hold on.
All right.
Maybe I can.
Don't get defensive about it, but you're picking on those starches right now.
I understand.
Next thing you're going to want to send him back to Nicaria.
Listen, no, okay.
I'm in class and we're discussing, well, that's probably what they think.
And I like that aroma that comes from you crackers.
Yeah.
It was pretty future.
But no, we're talking about, um, never stop and think about that about how white people
smell their starches.
But anyway, go ahead.
Beautiful.
But anyways, um, we're in class and the British smells pretty good.
We're discussing African American culture, you know.
What is that?
What?
What did they bring in take-out from Popeyes?
Well, no, like the primal culture, like what is African American culture?
What does that mean?
Crack?
I'm glad you asked because I really had no idea.
Yeah.
I was asking as just, I was saying, hey, I'm ignorant.
Teach me.
Get out of his own crack, babies.
That's a good part of it.
But they even know.
So then we started to, but this is, I, it's about religion and I will ridiculous some of it
is.
What do you mean some of it is?
Well, because, because some of it I take, I take a liking to.
I can't, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to sit here and lie to you, but don't, don't
get into that.
Please.
I'm going to, I want to talk to you about the story that happened yesterday, okay?
Okay.
Please get to it.
Please.
Okay.
No, I'm trying.
So anyway, we're talking about how the church, like, uh, or, you know, the faith mattress forced
Christianity upon, upon the, the blacks who had originally had some black culture.
And so what I said, thanks for having me.
Thanks for having me.
Nice phone system, Greg.
Basically, what I said was, um, you know, don't you guys realize that it's, it's the church
keeping you down then.
So what you're telling me that this slave master was forcing you into this religion to play
for some right guy.
And this is not.
Don't you understand the church is a substitute for education?
Don't you understand that?
You better get with it, man.
And then they're not, they're not teaching the right crap.
Superstition and mumbo jumbo is an excellent substitute for education.
Yeah, but see, it's, it that kind of doesn't pertain to these people because they are trying to better
themselves.
Yeah.
And you know, I do give them, I do give these.
Then what's the problem?
The problem.
Why do you keep saying these people?
You sound like Rod Corona, these people, these marches, these darkies, these clouds, these
smokies, these coolings, yeah.
These folks, these poor smokies, yeah.
These million yarns, yeah, mulees, backers, yeah.
Okay, I have a great day, pal.
Yeah.
Fine.
And he wonders why they to be all picked on, yeah.
Getting that good old time religion, okay.
Let him wrestle with that snake.
They have had a good time doing it, leave him alone.
God, 5670560, pound 567, the AT&T wireless line.
He's going to go far in life about to the itch, but maybe that the doorway in that classroom,
I think that's about as far as he's getting.
Maybe he'll be lucky enough to get to a fair, well, the God by Charles Tebelin, by the way,
excellent book, in spite of what that farbison of joy at the at the Sun Sentinel road about
it, James Davis.
You're not fooling us, okay.
All you professional goi, I'm at the Sun Sentinel.
Rip in at Charles Tebelin book.
Thanks, though, for running out there.
It's in all the bookstores and people ought to go out and get it, farewell the gun.
Give it a religious paranoia, all this, I cut this idiotic crap.
You want to believe in something, go believe in the pizza lot because you know that they're
consistently great.
They give you big, big portions.
Everything is cooked, they're fresh in that kitchen.
And, Neil, God's, I forgot to tell you the most important part of what happened to the
day I left to go on vacation.
12, 30 in the afternoon, okay, the ball gained him on right, left early.
I'm going on vacation, keep this in mind.
There's a car parked in the parking lot out there.
I hear a voice, is I'm going to my car to get the hell out of here as soon as possible.
And I hear, hey, Neil, want to grab some lunch?
Who do you think it was?
Peter Leonard.
Yes.
I was just thinking the most ridiculous.
Exactly.
Well, what other person would be that much of an asshole on the day that I'm leaving that
I'm getting out of here early because we got a Marlon's game to go on vacation, to get
out of here for 10 days, to get out of this God for safe, Neil, want to grab some lunch?
And so I opened my fly and I said, hey, grab this, okay, jackass.
Peter Leonard.
I knew you'd enjoy that.
You have to really know this guy.
You have to know what a slimy, greasy, slippery, grotesque, pain in the ass, a cliche-ridden,
phony baloney.
So what's doing?
What's doing?
I'm sure everybody in this audience knows at least one asshole like that, okay?
Somebody that's always like glad-handing.
What's doing?
What's going on?
Nothing.
I have a what's going.
Yeah, but he does a great, Todd Dret.
Oh, he is disgusting.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
See, that's one thing about this place.
Like I said yesterday, I didn't realize the importance of it.
If you can't look at at least smell good, this place, that's good advice.
Because we've got more slippery and slimy and bad looking and smelling people in this
place, not just the tea room that smells pretty bad all the time because some people have
got some real serious bowel problems.
But we got some people who really just, and Bifo is becoming one of them.
Maybe that, maybe he's been here long enough.
Maybe another six months off start looking like that.
I'll redden the portion all like a blurry eye and bloodshot.
Here's a lady in sunrise.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes, ma'am.
Oh, good morning.
I'd like to go back to Las Vegas for one minute.
Yeah.
To tell you what.
I'd like to go back there for a long weekend with you.
No, of course we all know that there is no place like Vegas.
But we did discover a place very close.
And that is O'Revache in the loxie.
Yeah.
Well, it's not that funny because really, I think he would love it there.
I'm just going to call yesterday.
He said that's the thing.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
I'm going to call yesterday.
Why do you seem hostile about it like that?
I'm not.
I'm just trying to see why you're in.
I'm just trying to see why you're in.
You're really going to get up.
So when I tell you this, the people at the top of the park that own the track now,
they own the bull revage.
I guess that's the one that big casino in Balexia.
They always are asking me, would you like to go there?
We can comp you.
Oh boy.
How do you like that?
Oh boy.
So when I go up there to the track tonight, I should tell them yes.
Yes, because it's like I said, it's not vague.
It's not vague.
It's by any stretch of imagination.
But it's something you can do.
And like you've said before, you don't go to Vegas for the shows.
No.
You go there for the food and you go there for the good time and the gambling and so on.
And you can do all those things, maybe not to the same capacity you can in Vegas.
But you can still have a good time.
OK.
So don't just say new.
OK, I'll say.
I'll say.
I'll give it a shot.
There you go.
See, that was easy.
It was very easy because I have no sales.
OK, thanks.
Plus it's free.
1127 at 560 WQM do.
Can beat that gator meat.
If you grew up watching the muppets, then you'll absolutely love this latest version of the late Jim Hansen's master creation.
Yes, Puppets.
It is safe.
Bert and Ernie played Dick and Stiffy.
Are you sure it's dark in here, Dick?
Yeah, yeah, I know.
I know.
I'm sure that thing's sweet and gets a bear in here.
Oh, sure, Dick.
Big bird is astronaut Peter.
Oh, hey.
There's a hair in my mouth.
Elmo is astronaut Rod.
Puppet, you're not the play.
You're not the play.
And Mr. Snathalovicus is the hilarious astronaut's song.
Oh, I keep stepping on my big head.
Catch the whole crew because they guide their miserable love to the outer limits of the universe.
Well, they're rocket-powered parrots.
Final ones, ever make it home?
Yeah, it's a little smelly in here, but I kind of like it.
Don't miss the greatest out of this world adventure ever.
Hands pop with in space.
11.32 at 5.60 WQM on another deadly Wednesday.
We got 600 open lines here.
5.67.05.60.5.60 on the AT&T line.
Hank Goldberg from 2-3.30 a day, nice long show.
Because we got the Marlon pregame 3.30 and a Marlon game till 7 o'clock.
Marlon's and Dodgers followed by...
Yes!
...made dogman, it's 2.10.
And Kaplan Tendle 2 tonight.
We were going to put on Phil Henry, but...
Now, actually, I think we can make a compromise.
Well, Kerry Phil Henry, Tendle 1 will let Ed do the sports updates during the Phil Henry show.
Here's a mobile in Pompano. Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm a long time listener and I really enjoy your show.
Today is the first my wife has a day off during the week.
And it's the first time she's ever heard your program.
And she's enjoying it quite a bit.
I'm very honoured about it.
Could you do something for me?
You're not going to ask me for a request though, because it's starting to sound to me like...
It's not really your call if somebody wanted to speak to me.
It's a request.
Yes, it is.
For the effort.
That's routine on the effort.
Okay.
Thank you.
Sure.
How about if we just played...
Please don't say the effort.
Yeah, that's good.
Is that depressing or what?
Why did I come back here?
What am I doing here?
What am I doing here?
Who are all these people and these alleged numbers and these things?
You know, you keep sitting...
They keep sitting these things out here in front of me.
And I look at them and you think we have this gigantic man with audience.
I walk into records to the pharmacy yesterday to get a bunch of blood testing strips from my guy,
then fingertips.
And the pharmacist walks up to me like Jesus had just come in and sandals and sackcloth and the asses.
And I sit here day after day after day every day of my life.
And all these people want is they want.
They want...
Would you play this?
Can you give us some tickets?
What do you got for us?
How about this?
No charge.
It's a gas, baby.
5667-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in the candle.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, pretty one of the occasion you're talking about your touchy television that you got, your large screen.
Right.
And who did you have calibrate that TV with?
Is it somebody from the story you got it from?
No, I did it.
Oh, you did it?
Yeah.
Because I don't know if you were here.
I love that, sir.
Now, in the beginning, I hated it.
Now that I got it set up right, how do you got to do this reading instruction manual?
Right.
A lot of those new TVs have what's called an advanced service mode menu on it.
And I don't know if you're able to get into that and what that allows you to do is you can set the advanced convergence on it
instead of just converging the single crosshairs either in the center of the screen or maybe in each corner.
There's like a 56 point convergence on it.
Right.
And it takes some time.
But if you do that or if you have even better yet, there's a company called the ISF Image Science Foundation.
I don't know if you're aware of that.
But they are trying to set up some standards for all these TVs and the manufacturers and the high definition that's coming out.
And they'll come out.
A tech will come out to your house and do that calibration.
Well, they'll never give me a better picture than I got now.
I've paid it that.
That's a thing that's beautiful.
It's magnificent.
You might be surprised because what they'll do is they'll do the color temperature and everything.
And they'll set up each input of the TV according to which source you have plugged into it.
And I've got a TV similar to that and they came out and it's a night and day difference between what you can do and what they can do.
And it's about a $300 charge.
But it's well, well worth the money you spend.
It really is.
What are you hoping to have to, which is basically your cable and your DSF satellite?
And my big dish.
And your big dish.
You don't have a DVD player?
No.
Now you're not interested in that.
Not in the least.
Now because you're a DVD player.
I have to go to the Galaxy if I win enough money I'll buy a DVD player.
Your TV probably has what's called a component video input, which you hook up three cables to carry the...
Well, again, with all due respect.
I'm really happy with my TV looks.
I'm ecstatic.
It's just miraculous.
The picture is so clear.
You can reach in there and tickle their chin feathers.
Okay, that's great.
While I'm on the phone, can I call somebody a douchebag?
Yeah.
Okay, the guy that called you before the break is a chronic douchebag.
Okay.
Thank you.
Whoever that was.
$567.0560, $560 on the AT&T wireless line.
If I can win enough money and Galaxy, I'm buying me a DVD player.
Do I want a DVD player?
No.
No, but I'm going to buy one anyway just so I can say I got one.
I got one.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
I'm doing great.
I heard a guy.
I think right before the break, maybe with that chronic, he was saying it was illegal to sell your organs, I guess.
He said the auction and off on the Internet.
Did they intervene and made him stop it?
Yeah, I don't know if you heard, but there's a guy in South Carolina or North Carolina.
He's got this big internet business where he sells his own urine.
It's guaranteed.
Drug free urine.
Yeah.
And it comes with like electronic heating device and the whole mine yard is something to strap it on your leg with.
Well, there's a lot of crazy people on the Internet all the time and as a result, they have to have people like him.
Well, you know, I think, I mean, obviously it's the foil drug test and the guy's making good money doing it slowly.
So what's wrong with that?
Why not?
Oh, I think it's great, but there's a senator up in South Carolina who's made his mission to legislate lies against selling your urine.
Yeah.
That's his big thing.
Is that strong sermon?
What's that?
Strong sermon?
I don't think it's him.
But with a guy never heard of.
But I mean, I'm sorry for these guys' heads right.
You know what I mean?
There's all kinds of crap going on.
This guy's mission is to make it so you know it's you know, punishable by a two-year jail to sell your piss.
You know?
No, it's you know.
Anyway, that's all I got.
Thanks for the good news.
All right.
Okay.
Woo!
5-6705-60, pound 5-60 on the AT&T wireless line.
It's 1138 at QAM.
Florida sucks.
Are you an A-hole?
How about a mother ever?
You can be, when you attend, the Euclipistic Profanity Seminar coming to a romantic inn at an airport near you.
That's where a Euclipistic Profanity Instructor will show you how to use cartoon exhibits in place of the words you really want to say.
For example, an outburst like this might prove embarrassing.
Hey, Jen, don't step on that rake!
I'm going to hold it.
You're f**king s**t and f**king s**t.
But after just one seminar with a Euclipistic Profanity Instructor, the scene can completely change.
Hey, Jen, don't step on that rake!
Now, mother, father, teeth and crackers!
You court-soaped inside of a bugger!
Better, you bet.
You see, the system of Euclipistic Profanity is easy to learn, because it's been perfected over thousands of years,
and used by the world's most virtuous people.
Hey, Bonjour, no your holiness.
Please watch you staff, or we just had a devatican floor last over here.
Let you, my son, wuh!
He can pussy-footing-loathe a scoop of beef sucking us to think-check-a-pitch-haw-tire-it!
Motherfucker!
So, what are you waiting for?
You mother, ever?
Don't let embarrassing Euclipistic Profanity rip you a new hey-hole.
Sign up for a seminar in Euclipistic Profanity, and you'll say-
F**king s**t the sore thumb of a beeched whale!
It's 11.44 a.m. and whatever you said at 5.60 WQAM.
Two calls left on the board.
We had six when we go into the break, and every single time we get that first sound of a commercial c'mon,
Bing-bing-bing, you see it here, and you watch them drop off, like flies out of a pile.
5.6705, and you notice we got two calls on it right now, and they're both on mobiles.
And like I said, if they pass that thing about people making mobile calls in their cars,
we're finished. We're done.
We're history, because our good buddy, my good best close personal friend,
who's very good at getting me backstreet boys tickets,
but doesn't give a crap about any of the garbage that we're working with here inside,
with this garbage phone system, and no 800 number.
Even if people over there in the Fort Myers, even the 70 people we got listening over there on a west coast on 770,
even those people can't call us unless they want to pay with their own dime,
and hang on through these five-minute breaks.
Are they going to do it?
No.
Obviously not.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hey, I'm Neon.
Yes sir.
Hi, by the way, I'm using a headset, so it's no issue to talk on the mobile.
I thought it called you about the auction thing on eBay. He wasn't all wrong.
He was eating the folded.
And the problem is, I'm very intimate with this, because my wife's not dialed with this thing.
But no, the family pays nothing in terms of cost for donating an organ,
it's actually all paid that are recipient.
A total cost went about $110,000 to get a kidney transplant.
Yeah.
If somebody wants a violin, they can go on a black market,
and you can probably buy one for between $1,000 to $10,000,
but you have issues with compatibility of the issues and stuff like that,
so it's a very risky proposition.
I just love it when people see the government step in,
the government does not necessarily step in on that.
There's nothing to prove if it's made for example,
if I want to go and buy a kidney for my wife.
So I don't know where to get off on doing that.
Okay. Good night.
Have a good one.
Good luck, Phil.
I'm not going to argue about it, because it's a risk of sounding insensitive.
I don't care.
Okay. I find it ponderous.
I'd rather talk about going to Baloxymus Accipi for the next two and a half hours,
than talk about organs, at least not that kind of organ.
Okay.
That's not the kind of organ I had in mind.
I'm more lucky to the happy organ myself.
Remember Dave Baby Cortez, the happy organ?
Yeah.
I like a happy organ.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's a mobile and four-lotter deal.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Well, thank you so much.
I will say that George was okay.
We was listening, and I needed getting better and Kudosdam.
I have a couple of things.
First of all, when Joseph Gack-Gack-Gack-Gack-Gack-Gack,
where it was on the...
For Hank?
Yeah.
It was all...
Oh, and by the way, I'm so glad you mentioned that.
I go away on vacation and George fills in, and yes, I hear him on the way to the airport.
He's getting better every time, and I don't have that many complaints.
But then I come back and all of a sudden, here you are.
Yesterday, I got out of these 15 people.
Oh, he doesn't belong on here.
How come when Hank goes on vacation?
I want to sit in 600 weeks of vacation, and Joseph Gack-Gack-Gack-Gack fills in,
who doesn't belong on here for five seconds.
Not one of these sports holes calls up Hank.
It says, how could you put that piece of crap on here?
He's the more...
And he doesn't belong on here for five seconds.
How come we don't hear that from the sports holes?
Anyway, go ahead.
Well, yeah.
He's unlistenable.
So Jerry's the Gack-Gack, he's sucks.
Jerry's the Gack-Gack, he's suck.
Yeah, go ahead.
Hey, man.
So anyway, so I flipped over to Rush.
I just wanted to see what was going on on the other side of the world.
And to my amazement, the man was making a comparison between automobile death and gun related death.
And he was saying that he was drawing the logical conclusion, which I guess you can do in logic,
but of course in real life it doesn't it doesn't have any pertinent whatsoever
but he was saying that we should outlaw the wheel yeah because yeah because
cars obviously were invented to kill people right exactly because because
because fifty thousand people a year or whatever it is dying automobile accident
and and and I and I was reading the reading is it even worth dignifying with
the response I mean your comments like that when you understand who they're
what and who they're coming from it's not even worth a response what again
it's it's it's scary the gun hugger yeah but it's just a situation to use the
right-wing gun hugging a bull crap artist I was screaming at the radio I mean
you don't need a gun to go to go to go to public to buy a loaf of bread I mean
I that's the American way that's right unbelievable okay I found
else for you I do you like that Oscar De La Jolla and that fight coming up by
the way oh yeah well I'll take the refer to okay in the before you left I
know you probably saw on the news there was this child molester Shapiro or
something like that and they arrested him for from last thing of fourteen
year old girl and then of course channel seven's making a big deal of going to
his house and showing all the pornography and everything else that the
kite's gotten his house and his mother who looks like throw mama from the train
mama she's up there she's saying he always wanted to be a nice boy and
everything like that and I'm looking at this guy and I said to myself what
parents in there you had to see this guy I mean I mean he must have been 400
pounds he just he just looked like a parver I'm saying to myself like Josh
Freeman probably maybe I'm saying what parent in their right mind would leave
somebody with with this guy I mean a thirteen or a thirteen year old girl it
was like don't parents have any responsibility no that's that's also the
same as I said about the gun that's the American way like I like this kid
who had the foster mother the Haitian kid that's in the coma right and then
they didn't even bother reporting and missing and then when they came to the
door and said oh by the way your your foster son is in a coma he's had a
horrible accident and oh close the door in their face and they don't bother us
yeah we we're not interested we're not here that's right but but but then but of
course our society is making those babies man just keep punching them out when
a doubt punch them out that's the American effing away that's what it's all
about when a doubt punch more babies out and have a great taser come down like
I said five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eight T line T line
as we keep plugging away here's Weston hello
Daniel welcome back oh sure where were you in Amsterdam you have a good time great
good listen I want to come in George on a good job except when
Al Goldstein was on yeah he kind of ripped the George
he had Al Goldstein on again yeah why I have no idea I just
searched it now I don't know I don't know for an hour yeah for what
so that publicity seeking a hound talking dope and uh oh see oh Jesus God
sorry I got you into trouble there George I don't care no one ever can always
complain to Al Goldstein and swing clubs swing clubs and Al Goldstein you're
gonna have to branch out a little bit branch Davidian listen what happened to
them what's your wackos a story that came out in the
all over the media while you were away I don't know if you want to you know I
want to get a feedback from you on it the SAT scores had dropped
and they want a handy cap on recording to your background right
did you hear about that yeah I heard I'm read the story and it's just another way
of taking stupid people and trying to make them seem less stupid and it just
perpetuating the same racist system that we got in this country
and uh moving people along it's garbage to me that I'm totally unacceptable
yeah I mean they tried it with affirmative action
and they tried it with bubonics it's a big one more McDonald's you know if they
want to work if they want to make the song expand to the end of the end of the
equal not you know not handicapping because I'm from here I'm from there
you know I'm poor you're not you know what's the difference there's no
difference there exactly you know but anyways another no
take Joseph Gackie out baby okay okay two calls on a boy and here we're deadly man it's
unbelievable five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t line here's a
mobile in four-loader deal hello hello yes sir I wanted to know I used to
leave her in South Florida for uh for ten years and I moved to California which
was a great escape yeah um I'm back here on vacation right now and I was just
listening to you did I seriously hear you say that they're legislating
outlawing mobile phone sure well they're outlawed they're not legislating outlawing mobile phones
but they're outlawing driving while you're using them right
I either they're wrong they didn't Cleveland what what is the justification for that
the justification is that they that they've uh study the number of accidents that happen
and they found that uh talking on a mobile phone while you're driving a car is just as
dangerous as a DUI
geezer exactly and I have no problems with that as much as I'm against government intervention
into our lives I happen to agree with that I see the way these assholes drive I'm talking about
people down here who on the best day in perfect weather with no cell phone in their hand couldn't
drive to save their lives and then you add the component of that talking on the phone and it's
like driving is an effort thought they're leaving all over the road they're paying no attention
their murderers out there they're crazy people what what I'm wondering is why can't they
legislate some kind of law that simply states that the the individuals who get into the accident
should just take responsibility for being a adult I mean the mobile phone is that mean so in other
words if they kid you while they're on the mobile phone then they take responsibility does that make
you feel better you're absolutely right I understand exactly you coming from on that but the fact
is it seems like every time there's some some kind of new statistic there's a knee jerk reaction
from the local politics it says that you got to eliminate it and I'm just wondering where's it
going to end I mean if cigarettes kill people why don't they eliminate cigarettes because it's
big business so mobile phones now you don't have to be driving your car to use them in fact there
are a lot of people are replacing their home mobile phone service and just using their mobile phones
well the phone I'm talking on that is actually a specific double phone right again self-lord is the
only phone I got yeah I just can't believe it dude I just wanted to talk to you and say hey great
show I miss you over in California okay have a great life pal you too see you
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
here's the lady mobile in Miami hello hello yes man hi Nila welcome back I just wanted to tell you
that George did a wonderful job and I enjoyed listening to him and I'm glad you're back
okay that's it my phone's gonna go off okay thanks
hmm 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line we just keep pumping those numbers plugging
our way along praying and hoping for the God damn best does it ever come no I didn't come in
here's for a lottery oh hello good afternoon you yes sir long time since I've talked to you and
why'd you had a good time and answer them glad to have you back I always have a great time sir whether
it's a weekend whether it's a vacation anytime I get on a plane and I get out of here I have a
sensational time without exception every single time how do you like that anytime I'm
planning a thousand anytime off from mr. Friedman is a good time you're right I wanted to ask you Nila
if you possibly saw the special on HBO last night about the branch dividends no I did not
well I tell you you got to catch it because it was fantastic and it can't really shed some
light on really I think what happened over there with all the tapes that they have on the FBI
yeah and everything and I know those people in the branch of idiots they you know certainly not
sticking out for them they had some serious chemical imbalance and most of those people but
when you hear all the tapes and everything that was said and done boy I tell you what it really
says a lot for our government we live in a police state I've been telling people that for years
in a laugh at me they think I'm an extremist or I exaggerator I'm uh have a school loose we live
in a police state and that should be proof of it to you well when I saw that special it really
really opened up my eyes to really let me hear we had the former director of the FBI gay and
your hoover who had surveillance tapes on everybody they didn't like including Martin Luther
Cohen and all these other people and all these files he had on them so he could blackmail everybody
and this this is a criminal justice this is what we're paying our tax dollars for so they can have
all these files on everybody well then they showed everything in the uh I mean well I mean what a cover
up I mean you know I thought the JFK cover up was terrible yeah this cover up was well
American government in action baby he was really unbelievable and if you get a chance to watch it
uh okay I would watch it because I would think that you would find it extremely interesting okay
carry yourself and see you 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line it's
there was in no farmer who lives on a rock he's adding the metal just shaking his
fist at some boys who were down by the frick there being the water their hands on their marbles
and play things and that had passed war their team a young lady she looked like a pretty young
creature she sat on the grass she pulled up her dress and she showed them her rumbles and
lapses and white fluffy dunes she said she was learning a new way to bring up her children so
they would not spend while the boys in the barnyard were shoveling rep you send later from yesterday
while the girl in the meadow was rubbing her eyes at the fellow down by the dot he looked like a man
with a side of a home in the country with a big fence out front if he has her phone like
least she'd show him her nice so fast dog who was subject to fence and maybe she'd let him
grab hold of her small tender and with a movement so quick and then she'd been over and suck
out his candy so tasty made a butter Scott and then he spread with cream all over her cooked
he says she had left out on her shelf if you think this is 30 you can go yourself
from a two and five sixty wq image are big noon to one hour followed by our big one to two
followed by big hang goberg and followed by the big marlin game followed by gym
yes then followed by little eddie kaplan and his little gambling show at 10 o'clock
tonight i'm starting to get pissed off about that show five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on a mobile one line we got the same thing again every time to go over the break at four
thousand calls on here and thirty nine hundred ninety seven them drop off see what are we going to
do if they do outlaw you know using your mobile phone and why you're driving run a business
yeah we're going to play music that's right nothing of my contract is i have to take any phone calls
i'll just sit here and play music make a couple of costed comments read a few of things out of the
funny papers and that'll be it got four calls on here right now three or not two now that's not
bad that's pretty good percentage for us usually it's like nine out of ten our mobile calls
why is that why is it that on this radio station there's so many things we've discussed
this off the year a million times George and I why is it so bizarre on this radio station
they don't hold on and number two they're all on mobile nobody inside a building calls this radio
station this is just a strange place this is a freaking chinese laundry is what it is
here's a mobile in my any hello i'm on the mobile
this way so i got no choice i got a call from a mobile yeah anyway uh George kicked out so i
weak like usual and i'm going to Vegas next weekend for the first time there have been a
before everybody tells me uh once you go you can't stop calling back uh if there was any
place where you would recommend me to eat if it was the only restaurant you'd go here's open
park hello yeah a nail yes sir uh yeah George really good to show his ex one last week uh
that really sucked and uh as far as the phones why do you hate phones you use phones constantly
what does that mean i hate you hate phones you hate the cell phones no i don't you hate cell phones
who said that i have a cell phone you're saying that you don't want to use the cell phones and
transportation use i'm saying that i work in transportation you have another answer i beg your pardon
you want to have a conversation yeah that means that you asked me a question and i'm trying
to answer that conversation word yes one uh yeah okay blow it out your ass okay same guy that called
of the day before i left on vacation with that crap about you don't want to have a conversation
yeah blah blah blah blah blah blah you hate cell phones now you just want to put words in my mouth
okay pal and you got nothing i want in my mouth believe me five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the mobile one line here's Miami hello hello nio yes this is old jason yeah huh here's
a mobile in Miami hello hi nio yes sir hi how are you okay great to have you back uh George
i turned the radio off sir let me say this to you okay we're not having a discussion
sure i don't want George thought it was good bad or a different George i want you to find yes
wait you didn't let me finish i turned my radio off when George comes on i like you and i'm glad
to have you back yeah uh what i wanted to talk to you about was did you uh hop in the catch
news where they had ten Jenny on there again about uh finding finding kids when they're thrown out
of school and they're caught out on the sidewalk the street no i did not well he's trying to pass a new
law actually get it into the effect with the school board that if your kid is expelled from school
or thrown out of the streets for being bad that you're he's they can be fine for $50 then you know
$100 a minute i would say yeah oh my god yeah but anyway i'm glad to have you back and i hope
you don't retire you know i really enjoy you okay have a great day five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line here's a mobile in the gables hello uh nio yes sir
uh couple of comments uh number one i don't think anybody should use a hair replacement system
they're terrible they're so near awful uh number two uh what would i have to do with anything sir
i didn't then attempt to knock my sponsor which my my roommate has got a hair system from
Charles Alfieri and looks fantastic and nobody even knows he's wearing it and i've been doing it
for a hundred years and i got a zillion people in this audience who are wearing them and they look
great oh yeah yeah no i don't because i'm not interested oh yeah i mean anyway um listen to George
last week he's very good okay great thank you five six seven oh five sixty pound five this audience
has got no material okay then the idea of a phone call they don't want to talk about any of the
things the eight million things that i've talked about this morning fine great let's play music okay
give me a break man it'd be back on a plane some i'm gonna pull up you right there
with bell draw you're crazy man you think we're out of your mind
you know
I'm a hero, I'm a hero, I love you
We'll live in life forever, I love you
I'm a hero, I'm a hero, I love you
I'm a hero, I love you
I'm a hero, I love you
I'm a hero, I love you
I'm a hero, I love you
We can make it happen, I'm so sure
I'm a hero, I love you
There is something that you should know
I won't believe you, I won't go to heaven
I wanna read through the stars
I love you
There is no take you over by love
I love you
I love you
We'll live in life forever, I love you
We'll live in life forever, I love you
We'll live in life forever, I love you
I know you won't go to heaven
I'll give you a way to live
I love you
I love you
I'm a hero, I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
There's a melody that you won't go to heaven
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
Ten past no at 5.50 W.I.M.
Floridians, dumb as dirt tonight on VH1
If 80's flashback, the big 80's
80's won hit wonders, where are they now?
The 80's years
80's storytellers and 80's 80's
The new 80's series with these 80's
Tribute to the 80's band of the 80's
Who had number one 80's at 10, the 80's
From years to night at 80 o'clock
Right after behind the music looks
At Weird Al Yankovic
The H1
If you want to see the music of today
Just wait another 20 years
It's a 12.14 at 5.60 W.I.M.
We had a half-buttus and then
We.K. got him going there for about 30 seconds
And then they're gone
Two calls on the board
5.67 it's strictly up to you
You know, because I'm not going to fight it anymore
I just I made up my mind during the last song
I just said back, put my feet up on the table
I get paid regardless, okay?
Makes no difference to me
You want to play the game, you want to do a talk show
We are fine, otherwise we'll do a music show
See, I feel like I come back
And I'm dealing with a bunch of little children in the sandbox
We got two breeds to call
Oh George was really great last week
Or George suck last week
Or I'm going to Vegas
Can you recommend a restaurant?
That's basically the repertoire of the South Florida audience
That's all you got
That's your material
5.670560
Pound 560 on the mobile one line
Here's four Lauderdale
Hello
Oh, is it me?
It sounds like you
Wow, it sounds just like me
Hey, I got a little bit of information for you
We got the Indians in Coconut Creek
Are opening a Type 2 full-size gambling casino
Right by that Hendrixin Toyota place
Right there
And that five acres in the back
There's going to be a big giant Indian casino
Full-fledged, full-fledged
It's the government approves it, yeah
It's already approved
And they're getting ready to break ground
And that little Indian store back there
Oh right
So I don't have to go to Baloxie
As you did, sure
Don't go to Baloxie
Thanks, thanks for the good news
All right, okay
That's here for the Indians, baby
Oh, right
5.6705, see, I'm not going to go to Baloxie
I'm just, I'm not going
I mean, I know the guy
He was very sincere
And he was, you know, he made a good point
But I'm not going to Baloxie
I've been to Mississippi
I have driven through there fast, by the way
I've driven through Alabama
Fast
I don't want to go to Mississippi
If that's, if I have to go to Mississippi
To have a good time
I'll blow my brains out first, okay?
5.670560, pound 560 on a mobile one line
Here's a mobile invoker
Hello
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Okay sir
Listen, I called before
And you know, it was interesting
But, what?
You're always interesting when I'm like, you know, your show
The thing you called before win
I'm sorry?
You called before win
Oh, I don't know, I told you before I got to Marlins
Last time we spoke
Oh, you don't mean today?
No, no, not today
Okay
When I'm asking, I miss party shows this morning
And he said earlier that you spoke, you talked about eight million things
And no one's calling yet about
Yeah
You give me a subject, I'll talk to you about
Okay, that's not the way the show works
You don't call them, then I give you a subject to answer your opinion about
That's not the way it talks your words
Call it here, call us up
And I'll give you a subject, and then you can expound on it
Okay, there you go, that was one of the all-time best
Let's hear it
Give him one of the subjects, he'll talk about it
The flat tax
Yeah, the flat tax, how about the flat tire?
How about flat top?
Here's a mobile in Parkland, hello?
Meal
Yes, sir
How you doing?
Okay
I heard you were a while ago, you were talking about your TV
Yeah
Did you have an Odiavon, it has taxy ultra vision?
Yeah
60 inch
52 or three, whatever
And you love it, you recommend it
I love it
I'm telling you they're great, make sure you set it up right, though
What do you mean?
How do I know?
I don't know, I don't know
I don't know, I don't know
I don't know, I don't know
I don't know, I don't know
I don't know, I don't know
I don't know, I don't know
I don't know, I don't know
I don't know, I don't know
I don't know, I don't know
I don't know, I don't know
And you were, guess what?
Wrong
This set puts the Sony XB Arter shame, it's an unbelievable TV
But yeah, and it's like everything else with the talk shows
You know, if you say, oh boy, this is the greatest place on the face of the earth
Right away, the next 50 people will say, you know what, you're right, and I haven't think about it, and you're right
It's called suction is what it's called
Here's Miami, hello
Hey, Neil
Yes, sir
Yeah, I got a serious topic for you to discuss, maybe
Do you take it in the butter you want to go
You wanna go
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Here's a mobile and bokeh, hello
Neil, how are you doing sir
Okay, sir
Hey, you know Neil, I tell you, I've been listening to you a lot
I used to listen to you a long time ago
And you talked about going up to Ridley Field
And all the things all the good times
You had to care about that, yeah
Well, I did, and I'm just wondering why when you've been through an experience like that
Why you wouldn't be a little more receptive to baseball in South Florida
uh... you know there's a lot of good things that happen i was listening to one
of your guys already a patient of the day he was
he was talking about how he
what do you mean why wouldn't be receptive to baseball in south order what does
that mean
in other words why don't want to see why i don't want to see them but they use
public my funds to build a billion-year stadium
well me how many people were to ballpark last night sir would you like to tell
me how many were there
right ten thousand no there are about five hundred people are last night well
you know that okay then what's wrong with people in south order we know why
why did we sell out when the team was uh...
was was going to the world
sir this is not a sports market i hate to break the news to you sir it's not a
baseball market the summertime as you know forty percent of the population
bailzata here in the summer the snowbirds vacation people everybody
bailzata here in the summertime it doesn't have the permanent kind of
base population like chicago does like new york does like real sports on that
that's not what this place is all about we still not ninety seven then when they
were going to the world's very sir i hate to break the news today until the last
two months in fact there were playoff games in ninety seven that they didn't
sell out
well we told out the world series we will let you know that the world series
well it's low without your ass okay you're wasting your time
wasting your time they sold out the world series
all right let's hear it out of the way uh...
just like Hank was saying yesterday that he need a new stadium like we need
hemorrhoids okay a new arena they couldn't even sell out the one that they
had before every time you see a footage on tv but they're all these
guy they meant these seats even though they're winning their division every
year year after year
this is not a sports town get used to it pal okay
not a sports town it's not a talk show town it's a dead town it's a place
where people come to die not to live
get used to it
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line
here's for a lot of the whole
yeah i had to do a meal okay sir
good love your show on time listeners several time call or
uh... one of your feelings on uh... gym truck and more i think that's a pretty
good deal okay five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one
line here's a mobile in pompino hello
hey me i don't okay
you haven't seen sixty minutes to a lot of i saw little uh... kind of piece of it
one of the second story that i've seen my life all those
broadfins that were uh... ship that of England yeah i saw the beginning of
that hour and i have to know something else
and uh... while what happens they ship them off to Australia
but there'd be a lot more white people to pray that there was too many
agents in uh... or whatever in the rest of the market yeah
and they would hold that they are the kids told that the other new moms and
dad the weight and form
and it was just uh...
catholic
uh... out of the uh... a bishop or whatever and they had a with the
the system the way to the brothers and they had all these little uh... boys
building in this new compound in church
there's no uh...
mom's weight and form and they were talking to the you know their old men today
and how they were uh... sexually abused and uh...
this was all and the name of the group is the christian brother of course
and uh...
it was one of the most sick
f-ing stories i've ever seen in my life
and uh... it's another
it's another indication that uh...
back in the church right now uh... and the
man said that the the age of choice was annoying your own beauty
and uh... i'd uh... want to pass that along and just uh...
you know say how will you okay thanks for the good news
and they can okay
two lines that will have a lot of work out the music five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line
here's a mobile and corals bring sell
mobile and corals brings
yes
deal
and you just return from answer them yes
what's the name of the
art museum there and downtown i haven't got any idea i don't go to museums
okay i
but you might know thank you well why do you want to know what
difference is that what the name of the museum is i was trying to remember
it the other day i was discussing it with someone and i couldn't remember it
that's all i do
okay thanks for your cindling of input five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on a mobile one line here's corals brings hello
a meal yes sir welcome back you're it you're my call your mind call i just i
keep i keep you update i call for once in a while on the guy who waits
six thirty and i'm down to three forty yeah and since last July
but that's that's not what i call what i call was
i'm the first call you had when you got to miss a bc
and when i got what when you got to the new the new tv
the attach you know i mean i touch you and i'm the first one to call when you got
that and told you what a great tv was you're right and then for the last
to the next two hours i got shot down about the
yeah because only hours were falling and falling your sonies were better and
everything else and they were full of crap is it a great picture it's spectacular
it's the best true color picture right tv i've ever had that kind of was giving me
a song at an end about my spending three hundred dollars to go and have
somebody come in and there's nothing wrong with it it's not broken don't fix it
it as good as it as it can be believe me that's the set thing but i'm excited
that's it yeah i i i just think it's the greatest true color picture of a
tv ever had okay all right so i'm clearly
later back yeah me too sure yeah look at that good show no do we have a call on
the board no no no
it's really sad man really sad and you know it just doesn't
shy with this that we allegedly have all these people listening
and not one of them's got anything to say none of them about anything
oh you're taking up the ass uh huh huh huh huh huh see it's tired it's old it's
repetitive it's not funny it's sad it's sad and guess what the most important
part is you're listening you say you're listening so in assuming that i did
take it up the uh whatever one or not as the case may be
what has that got through with the price of peanuts but it's a cover for the fact
that you've got nothing to say is what it is that you're a vacuum head that you
have nothing to say about anything
23 years of my life i've exhausted myself over a fricking micro full
trying to get people to say something about anything just a little bit
interesting it doesn't have to be civilating it doesn't have to be great
immaterial just anything and in this town man it's like trying to squeeze blood out of a rock
before when the sports shows come on there's a limitless supply don't even have to give
the numbers out whether they put a monkey on Joseph Gackey it doesn't make any
difference what body they should be on it's here Josh Friedman sitting on it's
sticking up that chair as long as they got a body in there those phones are we're gonna
hey what do you think about that uh dry what about jay jay what about the daddy boy
and it's just the same old tired monotonous never ending cacophony of crap
it's unbelievable i am gonna go to boaxi by the way in about five minutes
26 past 12 at five sixty wq and you know i'm on the top little boy
mtv presents nine inch nails unplugged
i want to fuck you like good animal
there's this thing's not on
i'm from this isn't working
you tried you knocked over my bonge
nine inch nails unplugged only on mtv
the where are they now oh and thank god that tomorrow is nine nine ninety nine
finally jesus christ we can get that damn thing off the mtv screen
so they can finally have those mtv awards tomorrow night and get that thing off the screen please
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line nice job by the way
of the sales department i got her my beautiful job for sometimes in life you get what you deserve
you know when you try to come in the back door rectum so to speak here's a mobile and tamara
hello yeah nil yes sir i hear your frustration today buddy yeah and maybe some of it is because
you slam the phone down to people when you don't want to hear what they want to say uh-huh
yeah do that just start today no it's a good for a long time yeah for a long long time
you're still listening aren't you now and then now and then you're you amused me you're a novelty
uh-huh not because you're brilliant or i listen to your ideals i'm not here to be you
unliked uh-huh you know i get the sports show at least they listen to people and they take a
consideration where they like it and i'll weigh it up that is that why they screen the call so
heavily before you can get on the air never screen my calls now they screen all the calls on the
sports i don't know i don't know i don't know i don't know they don't ask you what you do want to
talk about on the sports shows you call screening how you want to talk about this yeah i mean
but i didn't ever call again you've never stopped me from talking about what i want to talk to me about
what talk about censorship the way you censor this way
another way because if you have the phone down entertainment show sir i slammed the phone down
on you because i don't i don't take any crap from anybody okay i'm not interested in your critique
if you want to talk about something all the side of it's interesting or not and i've been doing
that for a hundred years here okay and you continue to listen in spite of all your protestations
you listen every day and we all know it and i have nothing to do with censorship there's no
such thing as the first amendment of talk radio the the purpose of the program is to be entertaining
and if you think that it's entertaining here all the sports nerds calling with those idiotic calls
one after another then we got different taste that's all i can tell you because i don't find it
entertaining and evidently not nearly as many people in the audience find it as entertaining
because the numbers on this show are double what the numbers are on those shows
but that must just be because we got a few guys light and the loafers out there who put it
down under diaries and you know those guys they do keep a diaries here's a mobile in homestead hello
thank you yes sir hey that's wonderful to follow winter like that yeah this guy's got nothing to say
so he's gonna take a shot at me because i hang down the phone he's got nothing to say i ask him what
does he got to say he wants to talk about censorship hey wait a long time for you to hang up on him
so listen why you were gone something happened got me so in sense i could wait for you to get back
and watch it a new story on one of the largest h-mose in the u.s and it's out west somewhere like
Nevada it's based their new policy when you want to call 911 is you have to call their technicians
first they're four-hour train technicians who will give you approval to call 911 and get an ambulance
to you and they say that's the new spreading thing that all the h-mose you're gonna just say no
to the h-mose don't forget it's like receipt okay we'll do that i'll call your four-hour
during guidance if i'm having a heart attack right yeah at that and and before you left you
talking about the teachers that got in the bind up in the club right this guy writes an editorial
to the hero and this is where the mentality that wants to fire these teachers comes from
writes an editorial i cut it out that he is so upset when he sees commercials on tv where
mothers caress the butts of newborn babies because it's invasive and sexual in nature no question
about it so there's there's a mentality you yeah welcome back to America thanks for the good news
thank you but okay you know they i was watching late night at tv on some of the over-the-year
channels in Amsterdam not not cable but over the year uh they have like you know programs geared
toward the different groups of people some of them geared toward women and they they were advertising
vibrators vibrators different sizes and shapes with different uh wild names born and so on and
the prices and then they also had the you know programs on it where they were advertising like you
look in the newspaper and you see uh phone sex with so on so well on an Amsterdam on television
they show you the uh they show you the bitch i mean the uh beautiful young lady bitch
seriously naked from the way stuff and there she is there's darling here's the number give a recall
she's you know doing her thing there on the tv shaking it around a little bit maybe they're real
maybe they're not you're on a phone what do you care on tv oh we don't want to show a baby's
bottom here being caressed by his mother because that's uh un-American right
here's a mobile and pompano hello hey Neil yes sir how you doing great please watch your blood
pressure i mean i just can hear it rising it's not rising at all it's about three million no it's
uh 110 over 70 god bless you anyway i went to the movies yesterday and i saw a movie that i mean
this is the first time this ever happened to me that i literally left a movie and asked my money
back what it was over did you see that blurb bitch project no please Neil why would i go see it
i everybody with a brain has told me that it's the biggest piece of crap in history mankind
well i would have a paper all the hype that it got and i thought well you know i thought maybe
because a lot of people wanted to see it because it was a hype job unbelievable Neil it was the
worst piece of filmmaking i've ever seen in my life and i literally went after the manager and said
i think she gave me my money back yeah and he went uh oh yeah but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but yeah
that was the show in america as long as you can get the right hype job going you can pedal anything
to the public here on people are dumber than sawed us i mean worse absolutely worse and please
tell everyone you listen please don't waste your money going to see it exactly in line
unless you take a lot of dranamine before you go don't waste your time Neil your god okay have a great
day thanks for sucking around five six seven oh five sixty pound to see i see i know right up front
what it's all about because this happens every time when i come back from vacation if i have a good
time which i always have a great time they're upset about that so now let's attack them okay sounds
like he's in too good of a mood let's shake him up a little bit let's get the blood pressure up
let's get him psychotic we don't like a happy Neil we that's not what we tune in for we don't want
to hear a happy man on the radio we want to hear him pitching and screaming and cussing out the
audience and carrying on and frustrated and forming it them up that's why we tune in that god damn
faggot because that's what we find entertaining and don't give me a song of the dance about freedom
of speech okay asshole you ucking asshole i know all about freedom of speech it isn't the god
damn sports shows that they're busy taping and sending tapes to the FCC and trying to get them off
the air which is why some of our sports people yeah say airy word that they've ever been invented
on a year and get away with it it's this show because god forbids you and anybody be on ear
expressing a different point of view especially about religion and god and all this other crazy
american bull crap so let's use this in excuse that it's filthy and disgusting and perverted and
we'll try to get it off the year but you give me a song at an end give me a lecture about censorship
okay pal you ucking idiot here's for a lot of the hello hey me uh yes sir i love your show man
tomorrow is my birthday 999 really my day to play the lottery anti christ maybe
thank you you're welcome hey raps and micr deuce back thank you happy sir okay
there's a guy who was born his birthday will be on nine nine nine nine we're gonna have Robert
greeper type a special thing on that which by the way next time i pop a CD in my uh
CD player i'm gonna have to ask whether he likes it or not yeah you were quoting his musical taste
to me a few weeks ago about he don't like 98 degrees well guess what you don't like it because it's
98 degrees that's why he don't like it if it was 88 degrees he might like it a little bit better
he don't like anything he's a piece of crap is what he is i'm i'm not i'm not holding back anymore
i'm gonna start letting these people have it around this place got that one guy walking around
to this morning and if i rip him an ass he smells like a sore like a walking toilet they take
a the chair that he was sitting in and push it out of the studio because it smells so bad and
after i rip him a fat smelly ass he gives me the thumbs up and laughs like it's a joke Josh
Friedman it's not a joke take a bath god he makes me think about Nick Lawrence a lot
Nick smelled like roses by comparison fact that guy on the plane that africunder that they
sat next to me and i'd plan from Amsterdam to London there was wearing that whosad shako
whatever was it's like he was wearing a bathrobe well he i guess he left a bath part out
man old man woo you know as bad as that turlits smelled this morning that was that was like uh
fragrance from of lilacs compared to what this guy smelled like and he's sitting right across
thank god it's only a 45 minute flight in fact when when we took off the flight attendants she comes
on it says okay hold your breath violence with violence with violence if you have other beer
so i've stayed at the 70s and theaters now yes he's back Detroit Rock City it's great here on the silver
street all new and stable guy i was made for tarris all baby you were made for the bed
that's i can hear you calling my hearing aid is dead
i want to watch these be all night if they have everything i want to watch these run stuff back
like play me go every day this is very Detroit Rock City sponsored by the pan here it's all for
the first 50 people no walkers allowed
i'm getting highly hearing you now
well hearing aid is done the blink stop
1245 at 560 wda qa and 560 705 60 pound 560 in a mobile one line
ankle be here briefly today to the 330 because we got the pregame 3 30
four o'clock dodgers and marlon's here you go come on the oh let's start supporting that
baseball come on there were at least 25 people there last night
they list 13,000 i realized that's ticket soul and i realized that rain cats and dogs before the
game and they had another long rain delay but but two or three times during the course of the
evening i flipped over there just to see how many people actually were there you could
encounter your fingers and toes and had digits left over that's how many people were there
oh but let's come on let's come up with some money and build a stadium come on what's wrong with
his down here's a mobile and deer field hello hey nia welcome back to vacation sure um i think
this sunday is going to be a big day because loren's Phillips makes his return to the NFL uh-huh
and uh he will show 49ers let me ask you something how how many times you're going to make the same call
or it's very important no it is not important nobody cares nobody cares okay pal call up all the sports
nerd shows one of the criminal shows and talk about your favorite criminal in the NFL okay
eight million times this guy has called in the last two months and he must have his loren's Phillips
blow up all all pumped up he's pumping it right now probably five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on a mobile one line here's a mobile in hollywood hello yeah how you doing okay sir
i just got back from Vegas for the first time i had the time of my life yeah i love that place
i want to go back there yeah i just want to tell you that police is sweet the chicken farms are great too
yeah that's it i was just waiting to see how long before he ran out of material he uh
he was out before he started five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line
here's a lady in my any hello hello yes ma'am oh i have or the next time okay nil yes the next time
it rains wherever you are it's from god for you that's it by thank you
the next time it rains wherever i am it's from god to me
well god must have missed my trip to Amsterdam because i was there for 10 days did it rain once no
no not a drop god doesn't go to Amsterdam oh that's right that's a guy forgot that's a godless
place that's a good place for me godless but with a rain next time it rains i want you
folks to sit and think about that okay sit and put your head in your hands grab your head with your
hands and think about that the next time it rains wherever i am god did that for me god is
watering me like a little flower like a little pansy you know thank you sweetheart
scored scored that's for you five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one
line here's a mobile in candle hello that's a hot act to follow how you doing nil welcome back
uh-huh sure i envy you that you're able to go to Amsterdam i'd love to go there uh just wanted
to find out yesterday i thought i heard mentioned that you showed that still Henry's going to be
syndicated in south florida no he's going to be syndicated whether they're going to pick him up here
not is uh we don't know yet okay that'd be real nice to hear him again right and you know i'd
eat these people here it's unbelievable i work and uh drive around town and these people just don't
know how to drive it's it's crazy and anyway happy happy to help eat i'm out of material okay happy
issue boys to you okay five six seven and see that's going to be another thing now because now we
got rusher shona and yom kipper coming up and you know what that means see it's always an excuse
in this town wow it's the labor day holiday weekend and people are getting back and kids are going
back to school then it's going to be yom kipper and then it's rusher shona and then it's some goyishra
holiday and it's Thanksgiving and it's martin lufther kunday and it's uh whatever else and then it's
just a never ending procession of that crap always some excuse while we don't care enough to send
their very best assuming we headed five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile
one line here's a mobile in koper city hello i'm spitting over here kneel yeah kneel your
collars are giving me a headache today god but kneel i got a guy i got to touch on something
if you call it ago i don't think your listeners know how to do a talk show it's got to be a two-way
oh yeah that's right i mean short a short a colla larry king in because he knows how to do a
talk show yeah uh listen kneel doesn't want to talk about the marlins nobody out here wants to know
but you don't understand that just like the guy with a loren spilts this is this guy's idea of a
crank call because he knows i don't want to talk about it so every call it who starts out the same
way oh it's a big day loren spilts because he thinks that it's going to irritate me i don't give a
crap i mean i get paid one way or the other it's just bad radio that's all you know i this show
could be as good as we're doing here and we're doing great on a phantom radio station this show
could be a hundred times better if we had real callers out there which is why we need the 800
numbers so badly but this is too much of a cheap ass outfit to uh do you have us anything to work
with they don't know how to do a talk show now i could bring up the channel seven story last night
about about another isolated incident with with the child molesting crease and for waterdale
right name i don't remember but it was you know i don't like channel seven but i was laying in bed
flipping the remote and the whole town of the story was that he did it i mean it wasn't an editorial
but three three guys who are now in the thirties came came forward the one guy said he was molesting
one hundred times by this priest right and they reported the story now nothing can be done
because the statute of limitation is run out now you know you always let that kind of you always
let that kind of call go on because it's you know you like that callers have to know what you
want to talk about too and what you don't want to talk about it's not that's just a question what
i want to talk about it's a question of what's interesting like they kind of called earlier where
when that you got called yesterday for example the thing about parking downtown that was one of
the most boring calls i ever heard in my life boring call i've had a terminal for two days from
your show and because the callers don't have material because they have no lives don't you
understand the last time that we had a real rush on this show was back during the election back
at the end of july then everybody got away then all of a sudden i was everybody's hero then it
was none of this might have caught then all of a sudden i was the hero man i was a great guy i
was the champion of the people they went out they voted in big numbers they said overwhelming
they voted no against it and uh... penny share and i was a big hero but i was short of that they
got nothing to talk about meal in the words of jfk senior ask not what your talk show host can do
for you yeah but yeah what you can say saying saying that isn't going to change this time man i've
been i've been here too long saying that is not isn't going to give these people any material i'm
trying to go because you know what i love to listen to your show but the callers are
killing it they're broochering it they're killing your show you've you've still got big numbers on
a crappy a m station i'm not sure how you were back on fm no me too but i ain't getting there and i
listen if i if i can't if i can't drive on using myself phone i won't be able to call you either
because i'm not going to pull over and call yeah you will no listen if they try to pass the law
just vote no have a great day thank you no two they don't put it to a vote by the way
that one of those things you vote on five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one
line we got two or three out of the open lines here a little over an hour to go you think we'll make
it till two today no i should doubt it you know i guess after you have a few days off and add a
real good time you have to go to an exercise you know they have they have to put you through the
eriggers of exercising your way back into it can't just ease back in here's a mobile in my any hello
yes snail yes sir a long time listener a long time panther fans wondering what you can tell us
about this new announcer coming down from Toronto jigs michael right two words old hack
wow but that would be a big improvement over what we had before over Christine and Laura but
he's an old hack but not that much to look forward to no well you're not going to you're not going
to be listening to games that radio anyway are you one's out of town huh the ones out of town
are you still listening on the radio and watching on tv you used to listen on the radio and Chris
Moore was doing the games i thought you had better play by play there with Chris Moore he didn't
do any play by play he never described the game that's true okay you got me on that one okay
I have a great there sir oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
five six seven oh five six the pound five six the that call right there belongs in the time capsule that's
exactly precisely what the guy before him was talking about here is a guy doesn't know is asked
from your elbow okay no is nothing and i'm supposed to sit here and just listen to it and let him
drone on he hasn't got a clue what he's talking about the jigs is up hell okay in your case that's
the best i can tell you old mictadal had a farm e i e i no here's my m e hello
hey oh yes sir i was just about you getting out and having with a hot guy you know getting sweaty
oh here's another holy one holy oh with his homophobic hysteria okay well probably you're
working on a right now just thinking about it glad we can provide you with some mental stimulation
little fantasy because in your case believe me that's all you got is fantasy but Ricky Martin's time
when any of you were came aren't that some other uh not a comb
you're a people like i said one dimensional i mean forget about them they got nothing to contribute
period that that's a given five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line
oh boy it's the one to two hour Georgie bush says that his nose is clean and never but
it's hard he's running for the why how so he just carried me
don't drunken that's not all even down the views people in college and he drunken
with you he even dropped some master shoes why will Georgie just come out and simply say he did it
he preferred the prep would shut them out so the senior got them this is he did more than what
you think but he watched it sounds a silly he preferred cocaine to have that's the question
that he does and he makes it point much clearer like a razor on a mirror but he wants us to believe
that he didn't do anything Georgie bushes and his nose is clean and never but just
being a country's running for the why how so he just ran to me Georgie's cream Georgie's cream
Georgie's cream okay well that's one thing he's got over Josh Friedman 101 at five sixty WQAM
here's the fact that says I don't know if by now somebody already called you regarding Mark Anthony
no and I wasn't listening when you asked uh whatever about him etc well what I asked
in the beginning of the show there was a thing Latin beat about the new wave of Hispanic music
and across over artiste that's it on ABC last night from 10 to 11 but evidently nobody else in this
audience saw it and anyway it goes on Mark Anthony is a Puerto Rican salsa singer and his album
this it's everyone so on and Luis Miguel's got new album being released September 14 called
marty su and uh um plus here and here comes the best part of the fact I don't know who this is
from but it says by the way although Mark Anthony's music has great rhythm he can't sing a lick and
no one compares to Luis how do you like that Mark Anthony he can't think for sure that's what it says
amen right on all we look so lot like it five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
AT&T line is one of the homestretch now our big gigantic one and two hour it's no marlin's ball
game but it's the best we can do today all the marlins will be on a 3 30 here's Miami hello
hello Neil yes sir I um I wait I just got back from Vegas 21st birthday went out there
yeah front here right front here yeah like you want to stay there excellent excellent place
treated me like a teen weren't they picketing in front of the hotel again like the
over heaven her last 10 years no no no it was uh it was excellent um let me see how to get time you
know how to have some luck got to meet some ladies yeah good 21st birthday very good recommendation
excellent okay glad you had a good time pal can I got some with a dish bag go ahead uh
Kenny McGover and Slacker you guys are dish bag okay thank you see yeah okay stay
at the front here which is I guess as long as you got a clean room and not too many bed bugs
what everything does it make you know not a bad location 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless
line and then you can sit and throw you know stones out the window with those picketers
here's a mobile in Miami hello hello yes sir hey Neil hi do a man okay man how how do you think
about the dolphins this is anything they're gonna be 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
here's a mobile in Davie hello hello yes sir hey Neil how you doing okay with not been listening
to show on and off the last year I've been in down here finished a doctoral residency from up
north yeah and I got to agree with you with just the professionalism and the business since down here
big difference down here no point about the professionalism here sir because it doesn't exist
exactly just doesn't exist hold different breed of Cubans down here than up there yeah only different breed
like night and day night and day this is like a little foreign country it's like a little bit
enemy public exactly it's insane yeah and I remember I was here one time back in 93 so I'm like that
fourth of July so maybe down himself maybe maybe two three American flags even that yeah well
you won't see that again they took those away have a great time pal you too okay yeah we won't
make that mistake again will we no you bet your I can ask man we'll see those again 5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line come on you can do it let's hear from some of the ladies out
there let's hear from that profile let's hear what you think about the Oscar Naila Hoya fight come on
let's hear it let's hear about the big fight you're gonna be watching it you bet you're gonna be
betting on it all right now you now you know you're a real man I remember when I was a little kid
they used to have the Friday night fights on TV and my psychotic father used to sit there in front of the
TV about six inches away from the set oh ah oh ah you think that he was either having some kind of
a sexual experience which was unlikely in his case or he was in enormous pain watching the Friday
night fights I mean just oh it's beautiful part of the American sickness here sunrise hello
sunrise hello Niel yes sir hey how you doing today great great show I like when you cut people off
one after the other little time calling you about then you ought to be ecstatic today you go
you know don't cut me off you know you buddy Adam from the pants of the game from the pants of
the guy Adam who you know from from from the hockey games Adam oh Adam they used to sit in our
section yeah exactly right poor guy he's you know I told him yesterday when I saw him you know he's
over 35 he's got a bad back as we speak right now he's on his way over to get in MRI done and I know
he's listening to you in the car you get an MRI done for what for his back he's got some back pain
something's going on you know I spoke to him this morning because we just lost Andy the way
yeah he was done on us you know Adam is he's okay he's walking around but you know the guys
over 35 so yeah the back stuff what I want to do is in the car on the way there right now wish
him luck and call him a douchebag okay okay good luck Adam good luck okay see you
yeah Adam he was okay kind of marginal guy five five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the 18t wireless line yeah if we could just get the numbers that watch your name is
getting then we would understand why we can't get any guy dim calls then we'd understand
the problem with this town is they don't have the cajon they'll call you they won't call me
they don't have the long-ass or during simulating I'm just a quizzle yeah a little spick
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t wireless line just like my trip into
the records yesterday it's a pharmacy to buy my strips I mentioned it for the third time only
because the the experience was so astonishing to me and his pharmacist who was a guy would say like
in his mid 30s you know just kind of a nerdy looking guy with glasses just a guy and he looked at me like
like his life just found meaning like he had been in a cave of darkness for the last 10 years
and all of a sudden the beam of light came pouring through he looked at me and went oh god
and shook my hand so hard that the blood was draining to my elbow man and then I came in here
the next morning and we're right back to this again you know same old crap the boy you want to
see the paycheck that coming through twice a month five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the 18t line here's Miami hello great I was one of the few people here that saw that
special history on the Latin beef baby feet right and it's true what you said about Jennifer
Lopez they did a quick clip over in the studio without makeup she's a beast oh my god
you can just cut the ass off and the trust the birth back of the ocean man right back to Puerto Rico
this is a testament to the power of makeup right and also think what they did interview with
Selma Hayek and how she was complaining that all the each she got was a sex pot stuff I go yeah
but you weren't laughing when you got them chicks were you and taking them to the bank with that
like she's like oh you know that's all I could get with all these sexy roles and after they
spent like 15 minutes on Mark Anthony that's that's when I turned it off because you can't think for
yeah that's true and now uh don't they even mention Louise McGill in the entire hour no they
didn't at all but the thing is my phone ABC you know they did mention is this new kid that the
stephons are bringing up Carlos Posey the old actor yeah the act she he started a lot of
the stephons are bringing him up well let's uh count me out novella they got anything to do with
it count me out I mean this guy I'm like they're showing everybody except the real Latin and how
the Tureno sisters are coming out also yeah I think I think a bunch of Jews made that segment on ABC
now what do they know okay pal happy yeah circus okay by the way happy new year and happy
a young kipper and unhappy whichever days are all these other bubble mice these okay for all the
yidlach out there again ready to start doing this stuff in a few days what is it the 10th
yeah I think it's only a couple of days we start with the Russia Shun already we're going to be
lighting the candles and they're going to be a dovetling and my real hot thought I would all
the old crap again and they're going to be drinking the wine and then young kipper they're all going
to be fasting they'll be polishing all day long they'll be passing out by noon is my mother going
to be fasting on young kipper no better but she won't be should be making her mandal bread
crazy crazy old time religious bull crap the whole world man just take a look at it I rest my case
the Baptist trying to convert the Jews you got the same thing in the middle east the crazy
Protestants in the Catholics in northern Ireland everywhere you look crazy people
thank god for saying people like me 10 minutes after one at five 60 WQAM
here's a go get drunk good morning all David out of blowing here with feeble corn
and then walked down the street and saw a new restaurant outside the restaurant a sign read
where silence is golden but kind words come with dessert curious he decided to have lunch there
he was shown to a beautiful table with a white table cloth and fresh cup flowers and was
greeted by a very lovely waitress she simply deemed a smile and ready to pen and pad I'll have the
stew he said she took his order and nodded politely and returned with his meal during lunch he
thought about the restaurant's unique slogan when he had finished the waitress just you'd
talk the dessert menu at that moment there we began to feel quite ill no dessert for me he said
holding his stomach what can I still get some kind words to which the waitress politely responded
you look like a very nice man who likes to keep happy and healthy so I wouldn't eat the stew
this is David and I have to boy with feeble corn
all right 15 at five 60 WQQAM it'll kill you five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the
AT&T line here's another facts from Carlos about the 60 minutes two show last night about all
those kids that they sent to Australia put in the institutions and how the boys were put in there
with a cantaloupe institute with the brothers and the mothers and they were being molested as
usual as the case because they like to alter boys and you people out there you continue subsidizing
this corrupt bullcrap and nothing that anybody can say can convince you how evil it is congratulations to
you five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T line here's four Myers hello
Neil yes sir just one quick comment on your little Christian rain god if they called it for you
oh on the Christian rain god is right yeah did you happen to notice how to look in amazon
did you happen to notice before she started before she asked her name she said I was ordered to
and then she wanted to make sure she was talking to you yeah did you happen and what did she just
got off the bat line with the lord that's exactly what Batman or God one of the other well I hope she
holds the rain goes out and does the rain down yeah I'm wondering about this how come it rained
before I was born I mean last time I checked just like when god got pissed off and it rained for 40
days and nights and he flooded the world and killed everything even the animals who had nothing to
do with his getting pissed off even though god is perfect so we can't get pissed off but never
to less he must have known you were coming that must have been it that's right good point thanks for
the good news okay yeah he must have known and he couldn't stop it just like I said yesterday if
god wanted you to be circumcised line to where they born circumcised because then they wouldn't
have the he wanted everybody to be circumcised why did he invent force get in the first place duh
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line here's Perine hello hello Neil yes sir how you
doing great do you agree that sports is entertainment yeah hockey baseball football and boxing yes you
you know no boxing is not sports you say boxing is not a sport where do you get that the boxing
is not a sport what do we worry do I get it there the sport is like a competition right what is
that boxing the only purpose of boxing is to inflict as much punishment on the other participant that's
not a sport it's probably one of the most pure sports so it is not a sport oh my gosh you're
you're it's a guy your aunt speed the guy footwork the guy's farm for a hand coordination yeah I mean
yeah hey not everything it's a brutal and dangerous sport I'll give it to you but not a sport well
well how many is entertainment right how many people so it's so it's so it's top fighting so it's
bullfighting that doesn't mean that I'm going to approve of it well you know like the Stanley Cup
let's say for example you could can you compare it actually a big heavyweight champion of course not
why even the worst hockey game is a thousand times more exciting than most of these fights where
they stand around and 90 90 percent of any fight is standing around in a clinch okay there are
how many people how many people watching I'm going to hit it as well people watch golf how many
people are people watching golf to find golf exciting no I don't find it exciting but it's a sport so how
come so many people are watching it if that's the a Brahman how many people are you going to compare
it up to a big heavyweight championship or people watch golf and watch boxing and it's one big heavyweight
one event let me again more people watch golf than watch golf and you got it on every day
no more people watch the masters golf tournament they watch a heavyweight boxing game every
bunch but how often is it on the only when you compare your you I'm not we just going around
on the circle okay if you're gonna if the barometer is going to be that's like the old argument I'll
give you vanilla ice cream more people eat vanilla ice cream than any other flavor does that make it
good no but I hope you enjoy the fight five six seven oh five sixty pound five and even those people
like Howard Coastill who became famous because of his covering of boxing and because of his association
with Muhammad Ali even he and his latter days turned against it and said that it was barbaric and
should have been outlawed and a lot of the top sports writers have said the same thing the few
that I got the courage to be honest about it and don't just pander to you morons out there
then wind your dose of blood blood and guts let's bring back the Coliseum okay let's throw some of
these glimpsed the lines now we're talking five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
AT&T wireless line here's a mobile and Miami lake hello hello yes sir wondering Neil wrong what
should be the next move in in your career what does that mean maybe one again Christian maybe or
find Jesus or somebody no I'm waiting I'm waiting where's the great aim materials sir where is it
well what's your next career move no seriously there is no next career move this is it this is it yeah
and the fact that you were talking about what are you going to finally do when you quote where are
you going to give that money to what kind of uh wait were you writing you're writing a book
you're writing a book what would you like to inherit your money maybe you'll finally
yeah okay blow it out your ass okay how much money you're raising for charity I raise more money
every year for charity in fact I give more my maturity every year then you have in your whole
lifetime okay asshole a congratulations for seeing being all I was going to say being so you know
bold behind a phone but he was probably mumbling he had a sock over it and the phone too what's your
next career move how come you're listening that's the question sir let me say it again for all your
derision and all your negativity about yours truly why are you listening because you love it
that's why you're squeezing it right now pal five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
AT&T wireless line here's the lady in Carroll City hello hello hi yes thank the first girl to
call you or something the first girl yes all right I'm sitting here okay I have a question for you
uh-huh what do you think of the dolphins this year I don't this isn't a sports show we don't
talk about the dolphins on this show oh you don't like the okay what's your favorite scene man I don't
care about the let me say what did I just get through sandy we don't talk about sports on this show
okay great not a sports you are you listening to the show I am are we talking about the dolphins
boxing yeah like I said we don't talk about sports boxing isn't a sport exactly hey can you do
me a favor new yeah okay my boyfriend well actually my ex-boyfriend's listening to you every day
yeah and he's on the radio right now can you tell him that I love him so much no no I do that
thank you so much no I think no I think he died I think he dumped you for good reason
what do you think about the dolphins this year I don't oh geez how how can you say that well I don't
I don't give it two seconds thought what's wrong with you man I couldn't care less
see they can't handle that they just can't accept the fact that there were those of us out here
who actually are walking around breeding the fresh here who aren't obsessed with the the
cockarri that their lives are centered around and cockarri by the way is it understatement that would
be a compliment five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's a
mobile in Miami hello hey Neil yes sir what do you call a lawyer with the single digit IQ okay let's go
to North Miami Beach hello hey Neil yes sir hey listen you know nobody's brought this topic up but
what are you doing are you want to speak your phone no it's raining like hell I mean
wait a second are you in a barrel yeah because I can barely hear you pal okay I'll try to speak
a little louder not good all right are you on a mobile no okay cordless phone oh it's crap
can you still hear me now I hear you but it's it's not good but go ahead okay listen
what about these guys you can hire me a good blessing for gasoline sales and their
new vans what do we need to get the gas from and what are you talking about what guys in
hi alia with a gas for me in the vans so yeah this is this is the kind of thing that you're worried
about sir that you spend your time like get out of here man get out of here go away you're dangerous
no wonder I think it's an active god your phone sounds like that man
Jesus Joseph and the geohosophad
says that bulldoch here's a fact that bulldoch janirino needs to go she's done for the US
way oh this is from that the Tracy fire the Greg Sawyer right wing I answered yeah
Greg Sawyer every day over and over again thanks for listening to the new arrived
show on 560 wq and by the way Greg my psychotic right wing friend wasn't got a brain in his
entire body or whatever it is here's boker hello yeah love the pop up parade reports the guys ready
to go school hundred goals this year what are we gonna get the truth out of this organization for once
and for all what is that what does that mean what does it mean is a guy every time last year we
heard the guy was healthy and the guy missed the season three games when he came back do you know
what shape he's in right now I hear nothing but good things about the shape of these and I
haven't heard that after surgery last year the guy was coming back but you stick a bunch of
what he looks like the morons out there with one veteran yeah and look his young guys well guess
what get get used to it man that's what you got I mean that's Wayne that's the Wayne F and
Wave baby get used to it wait wait you know if you don't want to subsidize it don't go that's
very simple five six seven oh five sixty the station pace for my tickets I'll go
as long as it's interesting as long as brewery still is healthy and re-witting his plan and if
those two should not be playing for whatever reason I won't go that's all I'll give the tickets away
oh can we have now yeah let's give some beer away that should do it let's give away
100 cases of beer that should do it five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t
wireless line how about giving a chance for the season to start okay with the first exhibition
game is still about a week away September 14 why not give him a chance for the season to start
before you start bitching in bellyhicken I'm supposed to be the negative one okay you're supposed
to be all the blind optimists the suckers who come running with your with your hard earned
dollars to subsidize all these multi billionaires like Wayne so just dummy up and see how it happens
okay and hope for the best at least it's a little bit of entertainment out there in Broward
County which you're quite frankly when you're in the middle of nine million dying people and
there's actually something living in breathing going on that's a one good thing about the macarena
you walk in there in the average age of which is about 30 all those young people in there thank
God where else in Broward County can you see living in breathing people beside the macarena anywhere
you can take off no against the law that's Ken Jenny's new law by the way anybody under the age
of a hundred you're out out of Broward 26 after one at five sixty WQA my life this is G Gordon
Lydia and they don't come any worse than Neil Roger the breakthrough comedy of the summer is
still in theaters Roger Evert says Adam Sandler finally plays a character that isn't retarded
and Jean Siskel says get me out of this box I'm not dead yet Adam Sandler stars in
big duty rated NA 60 no adults over the age of 16 would find this movie funny big duty
yeah that sums him up with T 131 at five sixty WQA don't forget the MTV Awards tomorrow night
then we don't have to see the 99999 thing anymore thank God oh you know what
it's just done on me what night is tomorrow Thursday yeah and what what are we waiting for on MTV
every Thursday night at 10 30 oh green show is going to be preempted tomorrow probably maybe he'll
have to invade the ceremonies look at that this thing this it's storming around here we got all
kinds of crap going on God here is a mobile and four-letter deal hello I know how are you great listen
I apologize if you've already addressed this issue go ahead still busy this week did you read the
article in Sunday Sun Sentinel where you you were mentioned in the outlook section it was
regarding public financing of now somebody made reference to yesterday that buddy Nevin's
whose real asshole wrote something caustic about I'm a caveman because I'm not in favor of
public financing for baseball stadium or something like that right my brother and yourself were
referred to as cave people citizens against virtually everything and it's interesting
because the only thing that they published that my brother had said was a vague statement that
he thinks the tax dollars that be used for school but he actually who's your brother my brother
was mentioned in the article with you you should I guess a citizen that was interviewed and they
basically referred to the two of you as somebody with the marlins a lot of it's referred to the two
of you as cave people but my brother had gone it so we were somebody from the marlins who said that
yeah I don't have that I take that as a high compliment then okay no seriously because the
marlin people are are killing this radio station they're like an albatross around our neck
I must be crazy I must be not yeah that's John Henry for you man he is crazy and he is not
to if he thinks that we're gonna spend taxpayer dollars to build a billionaire stadium so we can play
it with his play toy yeah let me say it again did you see how many people were at that ballpark
last night yes I did a smattering probably about 2000 I would say less I say that would really
if you count the concessionaire the concessions people and the players and you know the people in
the parking lot maybe 2000 pretty sad yeah and we're gonna build a stadium I think not
and then even I just wanted to see if you would I'm glad you've verified that for me I'm glad
that I know that I find out where it came from thank you sir my pleasure and have a great thing okay
there's the good news the marlin people say that Neil Rogers is a cave man thank you so much I
must be crazy I must be not amen you won't get any argument with me on either count John Henry
John Henry was a pile driving man baby and a hell of a racehorse but this guy he's got no balls well
John Henry was a gilding 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 you want to build your own stadium go ahead and build
it okay put together the financing like a real man just like Joe Robby did put together your own
financing and stop coming on your hands and these and giving us these big very jackass stories on
a front page of the newspaper oh well I'd like to have it over here but I'd really like to have it
over there but if I had my brothers and whoever comes up with the best public public finance
it that's where we'd like to have it that's just Neil Rogers that's a stick it in your
rectum everybody else that I hear talking about including the Humper who will be on in 25 minutes
they're saying exactly the same thing just say no the public financing to build stadiums and
arenas for billionaires and cut the crap and why in the Hank post the very good question yesterday
I don't have the answer why are these two newspapers so much in bed with Wayne and with John Henry
what's what's that all about I must be crazy I must be nuts what is what is the reason here what
is the hidden thing that's got the Harold and the son scum Sentinel hyperventilating trying to
pedal us a bit of goods how badly we got to have a new stadium yeah who's getting smeared for that
here's hi Alia hello hello I'm going to you yes sir deal with you how you doing all right
I already talking about boxing not being a sport right and it being brutal yes what do you consider hockey
hockey is a sport I mean think about it the sport the purpose of which is to stick the biscuit in
the basket to score goals they got bigger gaps in Jennifer Lopez I mean come on what do you think
about that I mean what do I think about boxes I paid to fight in the ring hockey players I paid
to stick out thing and the thing or whatever I'm not a hockey fan as you can see well why not
well I think it's that you know I wouldn't know swathe stuff from this turn whatever
no no sportser yeah I think you know one
looking to mirror man yeah anyways talking about the marlins I want 5 6 7 0 5 60
sure all I can say to you is I must be crazy I must be nuts 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless
line I'm a caveman all right let's hear it me and Fred Flintstone
I love it and you know something I must tear their kishkis out the fact that there are those of us
here on this radio station I'm telling you exactly the way it is this station is losing its ass
on marlins baseball okay they had to take the sales department and take them for a whole day remember
I'm up there two ago take them for a whole day and hold them up in some goddamn hotel room
and put them on selling marlins baseball so we could try to make some of the revenue back that
were paying John Henry which is why they're in court now and still have a resolve that
loads lawsuits back and forth about getting raped last year for the full broadcast right for what
turned out to be a little league baseball team it's an albatross that's why George still has an
evisbonus that's why they don't pay their bills on time he's not the fact that they're cheap
and they do business that way and always have anyway but nevertheless because they're squeezing
the light blood out of this organization that's why we got a phone system here that even over
there at radio exit the Nova South East even they would laugh at this outfit here at this studio
this is a studio like my little dog is a goddamn brain surgeon but thanks for the tickets Greg
here's a mobile in the lady mobile in Oakland hello hello hi Neil how you doing? I'm doing
just fine I've been waiting to call you for a long time I want to thank you I think you're superman
I think you're the best that's what's great about the whole world you everything you've done for
center one I'm raking the benefits and you're just you make my whole week you get me through
and all my support groups that we all talk about you and you just rock on you rock on okay
okay so we don't forget it thanks love you bye five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
out of eighteen p lines twenty two before what? Tom Green will be on a twelve thirty on Thursday
after the awards I guess well I can't have to midnight am I gonna stay up after midnight to watch
some green? No but I will tape it because I'll tell you one thing boys and girls a Thursday without
Tom Green is like a day would I like the sunshine in your life you bet did I say twenty two before
uh uh yeah he is still the world's biggest asshole
all right Tom Denver Tom Denver thank you thank you and now Dr. Jeremy Burnham will give us a
dramatic reading of Pretty Fly for a White Guy by the offspring Dr. Burnham?
Uno Dosecris Quattro Sincol Sincol Sase? Yeah he needs some cool tunes not just
any will suffice but they don't have ice cubes so he bought vanilla ice now cruising in his
pinto he sees homies as he taps but if he looks twice they're gonna kick his loli
now he's getting a tattoo he's getting ink done he asked for a thirteen but they drew a 31
friend say he's trying to hard and he's not quite hit but in his own mind he's the dopest trip
give it to me baby uh uh uh give it to me baby uh uh uh give it to me baby uh uh give it to me baby
One more time 1-44 at 5.60 WQM56705 60 pound 5.60 on the AT&T wireless line
Well, I'll tell you one thing about two hours ago.
If you would have told me that we would have gotten to this point,
that we would have arrived at this point,
I would have just laughed my ass off.
Not that it's been great, but somehow we managed to scrape away to this point.
And I think that after another couple of days go by,
after we separate the time from when George was talking about swing clubs every day for a week,
I don't think you'd be doing that again.
Well, look who we got here. Happy holidays.
Hello.
Hello there.
How are you?
Welcome home.
Happy prom.
And thank you.
I want to tell you.
Welcome home.
Thanks for calling.
Right.
Friday.
Friday the 10th.
Right.
Air of Russia.
Shona.
Oi.
Oi.
I just Friday.
Yeah.
I've been Saturday and Sunday.
All the holidays are you going to be lighting the candles and doves?
Yes, sir.
I have everything ready and I have two large round hollies.
Oi.
Two eighty nine a piece.
Wow.
Yeah.
What a bargain.
What a great.
That's public's price.
Well, can't we get to some hummentation?
I know it's not the right time.
No, that's for poor.
Well, why can't we get it for Russia?
Now for Russia.
No, you have honey cake and you have.
It's a cake honey.
Yeah.
Yeah, I ordered the honey cake with the raisins and fruit and nuts.
That's to you.
Mm hmm.
Listen.
And the cold nidra don't take any bulls**t on them.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Probably a lika.
You're my niece made a party Saturday.
She born a party.
She made a party.
How old is she?
$41,000.
Woo.
And she played the tape for the people.
Well, they roar.
They don't take any bulls**t on them.
Yeah.
Right.
I think that's what really puts you on a map.
I mean, they always like.
Epic problems.
That was good.
And they liked, of course.
Thanks for calling.
But I'll tell you, when you came up with.
They don't take any bulls**t on them.
That's what really made you a star.
Mm hmm.
That's what puts you on top.
Okay.
And have a very happy whatever.
Thank you.
Russia.
A happy New Year.
Right.
And.
Are you going to be fasting on your kipper?
Only till 12 o'clock.
The doctor says.
Right.
And.
Well, so I'd get up around 11.
I bought a big jar of like a filter fish.
All right.
And stuff like a.
We're still in.
How about you have horse radish with them?
No, I'm too spicy.
That'll just tear your kishkis up.
Yeah.
And the next Wednesday, the 15th.
Yeah.
That's my birthday.
Really?
Yeah.
Another year.
I won't forget it.
And just in case I do.
Happy birthday.
Thank you, doll.
Happy 39th.
Yes.
Take care of yourself.
Happy New Year to you, your mother.
And to all.
Thank you, mother too.
And Zagazan.
See you, too.
Bye bye, darling.
Okay, 147.
Everything is okay now.
Thank you.
From the thanks for calling, lady.
So everything is okay.
Everything is kosher.
Yeah, that's what the problem is.
All the yidlach are out there.
They're getting ready for the big holidays now.
They're out there shopping.
They're buying their holly and their honey cake
and all this other dreck.
And you're filter fish, which you know, it's okay.
I can take it.
I can leave it.
It's like halava.
Delicious.
No taste.
Here's a plantation.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How's it going, Neil?
Great.
What's up with all these people calling about boxing,
comparing it to hockey?
I don't know what's going on there.
That's people with no taste.
People don't understand a great word.
I think it's not a sport.
Of course not.
It's a problem.
It's too good.
It's barbaric.
That's right.
Try to knock each other's brains out.
You guys getting a ring and fight and be trapped
out of each other.
They'll cause it all.
Well, they do it for a lot of money
and so they can entertain a bunch of sadistic bastards.
Exactly.
Right.
Exactly.
Oh, God.
So what do you think about that day-low holly?
I don't know.
I think I'm going to watch that.
But I don't know.
I thought we're doing on pay-per-view.
I'm going to call up head cappons.
See how the odds are gone.
Okay, pal.
Have a great day.
I eat it.
Whatever.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50.
We got one last segment to go.
Can we make it here today?
No.
I wanted the most unbelievably difficult traumatic day.
Although I only had to play in reeky.
I think that brought him back a little bit, you know?
Don't be knocking in reeky, man.
I'm talking to you.
You are so wrong.
You are the year of batting out.
The average last year and a half is even the babbling brook has got a bigger batting average.
Okay, and that's the end of the lot.
When it comes to your pet elections on music and who's going to be big and who's hot and who's not?
Wow.
What's your new face now?
I'm going to run in a high.
And we're in my name.
All right.
I'm going to run in a high.
But let me take it down.
There are thousands of things.
All right.
Okay, what are the odds in that happening, you know?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
And we can do it, boys and girls.
Just put your heads together, baby.
So what if it is raining cats and dogs?
What if you are going to get electrocuted just because you're on the phone when it's raining, huh?
Is it worth the sacrifice to me?
You bet you're sweet as it is.
Like the guy said before, ax not.
Isn't that what he said?
Ax not?
10 before 2 at 5, 60, WQM.
