Yeah, is that us?
Is that us?
At you, deposition on vacation, by the way,
anybody know that?
Deposition on vacation?
Sports radio.
560 WQAM, I am your port-lettered representative.
But me, O'Vasier Show, to talk to the people
of the American community, those five-
nobody ever shows home before you
in my mansion.
That power in the form of 560.
And yourself all around the region.
You can't do a lot of things.
Yes, I'm aware of that.
Anyone else on the show do not necessarily
replace me.
You also know the WQAM.
We need to read that with the door.
The B-minor Rochester.
No.
Needled Rogers.
I'm the port-fringer 560.
You A-L.
Needle Rogers, stop.
Lower, down, lower.
Is that B-sounding?
Shit.
Lower, take it.
Is that B-sounding?
Shit.
Car only 96.
Is that B-sounding?
Yeah, that's too loud.
Love B-sounding.
Shit.
Is that B-sounding?
A-B-sounding.
Shit.
Is that B-sounding?
A-B-sounding.
But, f***ing God, the asshole guy said,
that's how he's doing.
I'm a guy, ain't he?
Was that B-sounding?
Go, go, go.
Was that B-sounding?
Shit.
Or not?
Was that B-sounding?
Yes, you're out, ain't he?
Love B-sounding.
I'm on a B-sounding.
I'm on a B-sounding.
I'm B-sounding.
I'm on a B-sounding.
I'm on a B-sounding.
Or great-back car, we got some nice little car,
and playing on the dirt.
Why's that B-sounding?
Don't look like you.
Why's that B-sounding?
Shit.
Don't look like you.
Why's that B-sounding?
Shit.
Yes, you're out, ain't he?
Love B-sounding.
And the value of B-sounding.
And the value of B-sounding.
I think it's all we have so good.
By the way, speaking of that,
what an interesting way to start to show this, Mark,
is guess who was down here for a little while.
Greg Reed was down here for a few minutes,
and it made me think of that bit,
which rhymes with something in it.
Now the overhead is like real funky and kind of low.
I don't know.
Why did you pock your around with it,
just because it was blasting the speakers off the wall?
We got serious, serious problems.
But that's okay, because we're used to that.
It goes on every day here.
But anyway, I discovered this morning in the morning
about 10 or 15 minutes of Greg Reed being in here going,
puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, like that.
I discovered that there is like the real world,
and then there's the world according to Greg Reed.
Seriously, our general manager,
he's got like his own view and vision of how everything is.
And I was expressing to him that it was very frustrating
to all of us here the couple of weeks that we went through
with a Super Bowl,
and the Bums Roch and that Studio of Stairs,
and he got very defensive and said that there was no Bums Roch.
It was the engineers fault.
The engineers promised him that that was supposed to be done,
yada yada yada yada, and be in this and that and the other.
And about, you know, we got two sports wires,
and he's actually working on going out
and getting a direct DSS upstairs.
Why weren't they getting the DSS upstairs
while they were finishing the studio?
So that when the guys went in there,
they had CNNSI and what ESPN,
whatever else they need to be watching up there.
So maybe they might have had the Tony Martin story yesterday.
And by the way, thanks to the caller,
one or two we had yesterday who called in on the show,
and gave us this story about Tony Martin being busted.
And of course, we know that he's innocent
because he's got not only Roy Black,
but it looks like Johnny Cochrane's going to get involved in this
because certainly the race car needs to be played again.
Don't you think?
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
So you always can feel that somebody must be innocent
when they need Roy Black and Johnny Cochrane to come in.
Which I can't, you know, I'm not going to make any judgment
one way or the other, but it looks a little bizarre, don't it?
Look a little bit bizarre.
Uh-huh.
Maybe he just got a bad circle of friends, Tony.
But nevertheless, we didn't have the news wire
that gave us that information or gave the rest of the people
the information and if it wouldn't have been for the caller calling
in here yesterday, we wouldn't have known about it till God only knows when.
But see, there's this thing, the world according to Greg Reed.
I never realized it to this degree before in my life,
is that you do things and in your own mind,
if you're of his bent, of his mental bent,
you rationalize that what you're doing is right
and that everybody, is it a form of paranoia perhaps?
No.
What is it?
Like kind of like a mental disease?
Yes.
I mean, where you believe that everybody else in the world is wrong,
all the people working around you, working with you,
they're all wrong and that you're doing it, it's paranoia, definitely is.
It was an engineer's plot, it must have been, to make him look bad.
And to get Hank bent out of shape and to get me a psychotic and frustrated
and to have us have the deal here on Friday with the equipment
that didn't work the first hour,
that was beautiful.
Wow.
That was a lovely hour last Friday.
But we don't want to dwell on that, do we?
I don't want to dwell on Greg Reed's, the world according to Greg.
That would make an interesting show.
By the way, Phil, the Bug Man is God, he's a great guy.
I want to thank him profusely,
even though he's not going to be alive very long, but he gets fat.
You know something, everybody is getting fatter and fatter and fatter.
Everybody I see is getting fatter.
Phil, the Bug Man who lost all that went on the Atkins and just balloon.
I mean, man, he gained it back so fast like like an ameal.
You know what I'm saying?
How can you lose like 30 or 40 pounds to gain it back in ameal?
But he sure did balloon back up.
But anyway, they did a great job of pressure cleaning my wooden fence in my house yesterday.
Eight years it's been gathering mildew and mold and crap.
And you just sit there and you say to yourself, you know,
I guess I'm going to have to replace it when I sell a house.
Huh? I never realized you could pressure clean that crap off a wooden fence.
But you can.
And the difference is just staggering.
Thank you, Phil, the Bug Man.
You're the best. And try to stay alive.
Okay, pal? Try to stay the hell alive.
Like when Boobshambi came in here a couple of weeks ago.
Remember that?
Well, it was almost like kept hearing out sounds again.
Yeah, it was like Josh Friedman almost came waddling in there.
He's just to got to be one chubby guy.
Enormous.
And like the last time we saw a depot.
In fact, depot is not on vacation and he's also not at the rehab.
He's at the fat farm is where depot was.
That'd be a good story for us to spread because that one might be believable.
He's also ballooned up.
I don't depot for years.
He was never fat.
He was always kind of like a wierry right?
Always the same forever.
And now all of a sudden, maybe because he's working over here,
he's parked up like a monster man.
That young guy from power.
I don't even know what his name is.
That was in there.
Remember you gave him my keys that day or whatever.
When I had the car washed from power 96.
I don't know if he works there.
But he had the t-shirt on and blonde, whatever he is.
Yeah, you do that big, that huge fat kid from power.
He had a power 96 t-shirt on.
I don't know who he is, but in any rate, he was fat.
I'm just saying everybody is seeing here is fat.
Basically, it's a fat place.
Now look at our friend Murray from Wayne Arnold's Rest in Peace.
He was real.
He's dead.
You're a good friend that was young and fat.
He's dead.
He's going around, man.
We're killing ourselves.
Which reminds me of one thirty day I'm going to be leaving early.
George can do a half hour today because I'm going back to other Cleveland Clinic again.
To see Dr. Paskinjak.
Probably because I'm fat.
That's right.
That's probably what this is.
I went there last week.
He changed my medication and I'm feeling great.
Even Friday.
One day, remember I came in Friday, it felt better.
This rash is going away very slowly, but it's going away.
Sunday, and at home, I felt the best I felt in years.
Then last night at the hockey game, the game they've had something to do with it.
All of a sudden, I started getting this feeling like in my...
You know, like I know that this other stuff isn't completely gone.
But they're saying, well, it takes seven to thirty days to get the Adelaide out of your system.
Yadia, yadia.
But now I'm feeling stuff I didn't even have before.
Some of the stuff is coming back.
Plus, I got like pains in the neck.
You know what I'm talking about?
You're following the kind of pain I'm talking about, like sore gland.
Not swollen so much, but like sore to the touch.
Well, stop touching it.
Well, I don't want to stop touching it because, seriously, how do you know it hurts if you don't touch it?
Right?
And like other things, how do you know it feels good if you don't touch it?
That's the same thing with pain.
How do you know that it's bothering you if you don't touch it and keep touching it?
And touching it some more because that's your way of determining how bad it hurts.
So I'm touching it and the neck too.
So I'm going back again and maybe I'll just go to a different doctor every day.
Maybe I'll just do that the rest of my life, which kills in time from eating anyway.
Come to find out by the way that the Broward County wasn't good enough that they tried to close down the cruise ships, the casino, the floating casinos.
That wasn't good enough for them.
What are they spending all their time on now?
Closing down the swing clubs. That's right.
What was the one you were telling me about before?
The name of the swingers club judges on the phone. He's not paying any attention.
What was the one that's showing you were telling me about before?
He's like still not paying any attention.
Okay, so it's eight minutes after the attempt. We'll talk about it as soon as he gets off the phone with whoever that important person is on the phone.
America loves to watch moves and butts and boinking.
Tonight, earn any biography.
So, Luke's black history month.
Yellow, fine jack perkins.
Join me for a look at the legacy of African Americans who contributed to the black culture of today.
May 10, Martin.
Arms mainly.
Slapy wife.
Eddie Anderson.
Roscoe Lee Brown.
Chelsea Brown.
Rocky Allen Rippie.
Eugene Robinson.
Tim Moore.
Blowfly.
Shirley Hampton.
Thoth Ed Cotto.
Lawrence Wilton Jacob.
Melvor.
Melbato.
Loanda Page.
Sambo.
Jackie Mollfuck.
Farina.
Buckweed.
Steppen's Baget.
Irkall.
Urges themed Wade.
Godfrey Cambridge.
Whitman Mayo.
Widerfly McQueen.
Johnny Brown.
Big Mate Markham.
Willie Tyler.
Dan Lester.
Paul Lissmann.
Artini.
What about Henry Lyons?
Do he not be on that list?
No.
Almost $5 million pass to a secret bank account opened by an national Baptist convention USA President
Henry Lyons and investigator testified Monday and Lyons back at Tearing Trial in Largo.
You know about that.
Another good preacher, baby.
Another good, dark, complex preacher in this case, which every dark, complex, and male in America should be either a preacher or a basketball player, I guess.
But nevertheless, just to swindle all kinds of millions and millions and millions of dollars.
And that's just the way it goes, I guess.
That's just the American F and White.
So anyway, what was the Swing Club that they closed down the latest one that you enjoy?
Were telling me about?
Trapeze.
Trapeze.
Because remember a couple of weeks ago we had a fax from somebody and for some reason they kept that story very, very quiet.
Maybe they were too embarrassed.
Maybe the Swing Police were too embarrassed over the fact that that story actually took place.
They don't want the public to realize that this is how your tax dollars are being spent.
Not only rating cruise ships would do be just the reasons for seizing all of their slot machines and gambling materials.
And then a shot face to having to bring them all back again.
Because the judge says your way out of line.
Totally done incorrectly.
And maybe they were like three miles out.
Maybe it was 2.8.
Maybe it was 3.1.
Well, we don't know.
Because the little, really, bird thing we got that came art that the radio shack wasn't too accurate.
But this is what goes on.
It's another cottage industry in America.
Dave Zeppelwitz, you know a cigar Dave who's a real clown.
He's an asshole.
He's a real piece of work.
Just ask our friends down to Nick.
They'll tell you all about him.
They'll say he's an asshole.
But nevertheless, he had one term that he always used.
In fact, now that they're trying to crack down, not only on cigarettes, smokers, but on cigar smokers too.
I guess that term fits in real nicely with what he does with what he's trying to pedal.
The pleasure police.
That's the term he uses.
Then nothing could be more appropriate than the term the pleasure police than this country.
And especially this town.
And maybe especially Broward County.
What is that all about?
I guess they can they know that the overwhelming majority of people who vote in Broward are over the age of 100.
Oh, you're old Farts.
And so all of their psychological games that they play in law enforcement and Broward are geared toward that mentality.
They've panned her to the old Farts.
Hey, we're cleaning up all of this perversion and all of this.
So first of all, when you've got a private club.
I don't understand based on what maybe somebody with greater legal expertise than I have can explain to me what legal justification they have going in and busting a private club.
No matter what's going on in there if you're talking about consenting and death.
If they had little kids in there, if they were having sex with kids or something, or if they were dragging people off the street and raping people,
then of course we could understand if you got Nike larger than your thumbnail.
There were cops that were busted as members of the club.
Really? Yes.
Cops that were members of the club were busted.
Oh my god.
How do you like that?
So at least they're not singling them out for a special dispensation, at least not yet.
See, when is this country ever going to grow up?
I don't think it's ever going to happen.
It's like this whole thing with Monica Gate with Pinesgate.
You know, during these last couple of days, every time I turn it on for a couple of minutes,
which you can't avoid it, and I turn it off as fast as I can.
But when the stuff comes down to screen and like the other day when they were Charles Ruff was using the clips,
and they're showing Bubba again testifying in front of the grand jury, and I'm outraged.
Whether you like Clinton or not, I'm outraged.
And here is the president of the United States, and he's sitting there in front of a grand jury being asked questions about sexual pecker dillows.
I'm sorry folks, but rational, intelligent, adult people, people who have a maturity level greater than kindergarten, don't do these things.
They don't bring somebody in like it's a grand inquisition, and start asking all kinds of, well, did you do this, and did you touch there?
And was this a gardener of a china, and what grand was it, and was it moist, was it dry?
Did you do it against the rectum, et cetera, and so on?
And basically, even though we said I'm not going to answer any of those questions, they wanted to know inquiring minds, inquiring perverts like Ken Star, they wanted to know.
And when you scrape away all the veneer of this, all the indignation, even on the part of the supporters you do understand, there isn't one single Democrat.
There's not one single supporter of this president in Congress or in any elected or appointed office who's got the balls to say,
well, he screwed around, they tried to cover it up, that goes on all the time, it's nobody's got to end business.
Now let's deal with something important, that might be somebody's business.
That's what they should be saying.
Oh, well, no, we have to have a censure resolution because we are just outraged, Paul Wellstone, the great liberal senator, Paul Wellstone.
So, oh, this is so absolutely outrageous and degrading and despicable and disgusting.
Come up with any pejorative term, any negative adjective you can.
He's a scumbag, but the bottom line is it didn't rise to the level of high crimes in the, which of course we know that.
Any idiot knows that.
What is the problem with these people in this country? Is it the purines? Is that what it is?
It's still this British craft that hangs over our heads. That's the American fucking way.
That's right.
Consenting adults who want to go into a place and the diddle around, well, that's their business.
They pay whatever they pay to join that club. It's not prostitution, which unfortunately is still illegal in most of this country, which is a pathetic, which is why the Eugene Robinson's in the world are out there cruising this game full of hard, getting on the front page of the newspaper.
Because for whatever we ain't getting at home, it was looking for something else out there in the street.
And of course they have to be out there too.
And then I read a letter to the editor and this is just astonishing.
Here we are 23 years after I came here.
Okay. In fact, March 1st, it'll be 23 years to the day. Not that anybody cares, but that'll be the day.
When I first came here, they were, that was the big deal.
They were running all of these big entrapment deals on the boulevard in the same places where they do it now.
And all the businessmen, all they're putting us out of business in the destroy the neighborhood and guess what?
It's 23 years later. The area is still a toilet.
There's still our hookers out there. They're still picking up all kinds of Johns out there, including Eugene Robinson and a lot of other anonymous guys.
And it goes on because that's the human effing way.
Guys want to get laid. Oh my God, how can you say that?
What a disgusting thing to say even if it's true.
So there has to be this veneer. It's kind of like that Greg Riething, I guess, if you're in denial all the time.
You live in some kind of a different mental plane.
Maybe he lives like an American airline plane since a lot of them are in strike these days and not working too good.
I'm a different level, very far apart from reality.
And that's the way the American media works. Everything that's said is done for public consumption.
Oh, well, I'm totally outraged and it was indefensible and yada. Well, you know, I'm not outraged.
Maybe I'm the only person in America. Maybe I'm so perverted that I'm the only person in America who's not outraged over the fact that President was getting blow jobs from some bimbo up there who went there specifically for that purpose with their presidential knee pads.
And you'll notice all the discussion about her also continues to have to be the same.
Continues to have to be how how sorry we feel for her and about you know after after they interrogated her for the eight million time, the house manager as well.
She was very impressive and very articulate and we very impressed by her.
Yeah, and you know what she still didn't tell you God damn thing.
She's a bimbo.
I mean, it's not just my opinion. It's right there on the Linda trip tapes. It's right there from her own words.
She dittled around when she was 17 years old with a married guy messed up his marriage.
She told her friend she was going to Washington with her presidential knee pads.
She was wearing like, you know, provocative garments to try to get the president's attention and boy did she ever score.
There you go.
Garments.
Oh, that is showing your age now, fat. So that's right.
She was dressing like a slut. How's that?
And it worked.
But oh, we have we have to say all of these ridiculous idiotic things.
And that's why it's so ponderous, which is where is you down?
We have to continue repeating over and over and over and over and even though everybody knows in some part of their mind if they have any brain at all.
It's all a bunch of crap.
Nobody really believes that all of these senators and congressmen are that outraged.
The problem is he got caught.
He got caught because people were looking at nail them with anything they could nail them with and he got caught with this.
And then like anybody out of the other rational person would they covered it up?
They lied about it. They did everything in their power to prevent from this humiliation and embarrassment.
And that's what it's all about.
But the the bus thing of swing clubs and brow art is exactly the same as the witch hunts about penis kids.
It's all the same thing.
It's all part of the same crap.
So I'd like the attitudes about marijuana.
In fact, where's that the fact?
Did you see this facts?
Marijuana and brain cysts cited in Swiss guard killings.
The Swiss guard and I do mean swish.
They killed the husband and wife.
Now the deal is that oh yeah, he was a marijuana smoker and couldn't rule out.
They couldn't rule out that he was a chronic drug user.
They just made the truth that in.
And they also disclosed his autopsy revealed they cyst the size of a pigeon's egg in his brain.
Now why would you say the size of a pigeon's egg?
First of all, huh?
Have you ever seen a pigeon's egg?
No.
No.
Do I know the size of a pigeon's egg?
No.
I mean, even in the Vatican.
Although I guess they do have what what kind of bird there aren't those doves that they have flying around there all the time making peace and.
Dropping their dropping the center.
But again, he had a cyst in his brain the size of a pigeon egg.
But nevertheless, he smoked marijuana.
Therefore, and of course that isn't coming from this country, but it's the Vatican which is even more to the right, more repressive than here.
Because that's the only way they can pedal their bull crap.
Everything is evil, especially the wicked weed.
I mean, these are just things that are not acceptable to rational, sane people.
And yet everybody's got to post you.
They got to put on this front about.
Part of these things.
That's right. And say all this bull crap that they know they don't mean.
If I had a dollar for every hypocrite in this country, I could retire.
I could walk out of here right now and tell Greg Reed the stuff this place in his.
Rectum.
Believe you me, I would.
I would.
Get out of your la la land and come into the real world, okay?
Oh, yeah.
We didn't have the bombs rush on that.
The engineers promised me and yeah, we are going to get a DSS if I have to go out there and get with myself.
Well, what does that mean?
Yeah, we're sitting here.
The only reason for 13 months now we have any contact with the outside world is because what's the name of the joint that gave us a satellite dish?
Digital world satellite.
Digital world satellite.
Game of the satellite dish installed it for free.
And Jeff Cohen brought us a TV set in the VCR the very first day we came in the studio.
Otherwise, we'd still be here talking about it.
That's the only contact we got with the outside world.
I'm at the hockey game last night.
Here's a great story for you.
I'm at the hockey game last night.
In between periods, a young guy kind of like a kind of young, disheveled guy comes up to me with his wife.
And says, I'm a bowl beezy.
I don't, I'm just making up the board.
I don't know what his first name was.
My father is so and so be a one of the owners of QAM.
And I sat there and I kind of looked at them like, what do I say?
You know, oh Henry, the sales guy that the jerk Henry from IOD, he was over there last night.
He's the one to smack Jeff high.
Henry's the one that's smack Jeff high.
All right, let's hear it for Henry.
Oh, that always liked that Henry even though he's kind of a goofball.
He smacked him on the side of his head, huh?
Oh, he was telling me some Jeff high stories there last night.
Boy, do we, do we make good hires in this place or what?
No.
We know how to find them.
And by the way, speaking of making good hires, the thing didn't show up.
And the water not these very upset.
See, now I'm the blame for that too, because I made some coming out of here.
So we didn't show up for his first day on a job yesterday.
He must have heard me say that we're hiring.
All of these things.
Off the street and he's one of them.
I mean, how can anybody hire that creature?
I mean, he just, he makes a presentation that is just so unbelievable.
So bizarre, so peculiar.
And now the water not these very upset with Neil because that, well, you know,
and then we set with the guys to see everything around here is supposed to be a secret.
They can do their little games, climb destiny.
So anyway, this guy comes up to me.
He's like a boat diddly, a beasley or whatever his name is.
Well, isn't their name, their names are Jim Bob and Bow and stuff like that, you know, they're like old country boys.
And I kind of looked at him like, oh, you know, no, well, that's what I thought.
I'm not saying he's a bad guy.
And he said, oh, I've been a fan of you.
It was a very strange conversation like he didn't know what to say to me.
And I sure had nothing to say to him.
And like, well, I've been a fan of yours for a lot of, I guess, I guess you're good for our radio station.
Which I thought was kind of a bizarre statement.
What is that mean, you know, like, I guess you're good, even though you think our dad is and the whole family a bunch of cheap bastards.
Yes, they are a bunch of cheap tricks. Yes, they are bow diddly.
Cheaper than I've never seen anybody so cheap in my life.
They won't spend a dime for anything.
And then Greg Reed, like a Toyota 45 minutes ago, stands here.
And I'm trying to explain to him that, you know, the frustration we've all had last two weeks working with a Scotts tape and mirrors trying to like make all these things.
And I don't know.
And he keeps scratching that hole in his head and shaking his head like, no, no, no, no, they told me this and by the people and we're, you know, yeah, we're going to go right out and get that DSS.
Do we believe him? No, no, believe it when we see it.
Cheap, I mean, how much does it cost for a direct TV for a DSS dish with installation like 200 bucks or less?
Isn't it with installation, which they don't have to install it. We get the engineers to do it, even though they might lie about it.
We'll get them to do it.
Huh?
Oh, God, Greg, you're so cheap. I'm embarrassed. I want to cry from you. That's how cheap you are and how much in denial you are.
You're like the American public. You're in total denial of reality.
But somewhere in the back of where I was going to stand the back of your brain somewhere in the hole there that spot that you keep scratching somewhere there's got to be an understanding or realization of admission that you're really just not fool anybody.
Okay, we're on to you. Okay, do you understand? No.
You. Yeah.
When you get the candy star, no soapy not too bizarre.
Anything he wants to, he can do to you. Drag you in for days on end.
You're your mama. Why are you friends? Yes.
He won't stop until he installs.
And you can start your roll.
I'm getting back to last night. We got good news and bad news. The great news is Palm Albury. Like I told you, we signed. I told you they get him.
We'll locked up for five years in the option for a six. They got the Russian rocket. They got him signed up.
And that's great news because he is spectacular. And he gives the added dimension. I actually have some offense on this team. Although we did score four goals last night, but nevertheless, it wasn't enough.
Because guess what? There are two ways to play a hockey game offense and defense. Did they play any defense last night? No, the worst.
We had the poultry crown there last night. I would say I wonder what they're putting in here is the attendance is the official attendance. Let me take a peek first.
Let's see one moment, please. Of course, if it's in the hero, you know, it must be a suspect.
Let's see. Attendants 17,87. That's ticket sold, including the season ticket holders. I would say we had about 13, 14,000 near last night. And I would say off hand was probably the worst crowd we've had of the year.
Pretty well, you know, first of all, Burray wasn't planned and number two of Grandfure wasn't playing for St. Louis and St. Louis. And most of the Western conference teams aren't much of a draw anyway here.
Because the attendance at all sporting events here is gauged in very large part by who you're playing, which I've never been able to understand that.
I mean, in some cases, you can understand depending on the situation, but most every day or average games like on a Monday night like her last night, you know, if you're a fan, you go to the game, right? Like we did. No, they're playing St. Louis. You don't want to go and it turned out to be a very entertaining and very exciting game. Unfortunately, with the panties playing no defense.
None, zero, not bad defense, no defense in my life. I have never seen a hockey game where there were so many breakaways and two on ones and three on two, but just solo breakaways. Guys, just I mean, Pavel Demetri, the wrong Pavel was in a building last night.
By the way, this guy for St. Louis is unbelievable. Him and that frog Pierre Turgion over and over again. They're coming in a alone Terri A. Could only free Jack. He's in there. I mean, just unbelievable.
It's like the defense missed the bus over the arena last night. And again, you listen to people who don't know what they're talking about. Oh, it was Sean Berklet in the water to pretty greasy gold. I'm going to tell you again.
As he's done so many times, I can leave game last week. If it weren't for all the great saves he made in the first two periods. They never would have been in the game in the first place. The panthers were so outplayed by St. Louis in the first two periods of that game. It should have been about eight to one or eight to two. And yes, I did see Peter.
Or else score a goal. Peter were else scored a goal. What a shot. I knew what he was doing a sniper.
And is that make a case for Peter were out? No. In fact, it's a pretty sad commentary. You know, you got Pavel Burry and Dino are out injured. And the organization is so thin that the two guys that bring in to replace them are Peter.
And the two were well who got into the obligatory fight with Tony twist, which amount of nothing which we knew was going to happen. And then they were both on the ice totally contrived.
But nevertheless, Peter were and Chris Wells.
Reaching back into the minors to bring back the rejects again, Chris Wells, who got one stupid penalty and then at the very end of the game after they pulled the goalie out.
We got two key face offs in a row in a Saint Louis and we got the great Robbie Needermar who still got to win the face offs.
Chris Terry Murray put out there on a face off Chris Wells, not once but twice in a row. Does he win one face off? No.
No, both times they Louis get to win the face off, shoot it out and down the ice.
What is Terry Murray thinking about? Does anybody know this man is a coach? No. No.
So again, Pavel Burry assigned and get healthy soon. Pavel because they need him badly, but you know something even with him without any defense like last night.
How the hell is this thing going to win any games? That was it. That was an exhibition of ineptitude, the likes of which is and I'm going to tell you the Sissy Spacec kid number eight, you know, Sissy Spacec I call him.
He is not ready for prime time and never will be. What are they thinking about with this kid? He is from a from a defensive standpoint.
He is a disaster not waiting to happen. He has a disaster in progress at any given moment. Unmitigated disaster, Sissy Spacec.
Not that any of the other defense have played any better last night, but he at least is consistently bad.
So they lost the game, but you know they had a three one lead early things look really promising and then like that.
But he nobody cares. Do they really know what they know?
Somebody have a heart or a liver from purple plastics. It's the talking inflatable Barney just put the batteries in and in flight.
Okay kids now go get Bobby. You tell her to grab the attention to between my legs and blue.
Oh, yes. Oh, yes. Oh, that's it Bobby. Oh, yes. That's it Bobby.
Well, Bobby, guess we'll have to start on over again.
Okay, again, inflatable Barney. I'll be able to now. Let's get the purple dinosaur police on that one, baby.
Oh, that thing with a swing club. That just it doesn't surprise me because it's been going on in this time especially in Broward for years, but it's just so depressing.
Because we don't seem to be making any progress. They still are of this one minded that this the meant non dimensional lifestyle others where everybody, no matter what they want to do.
It's evil and wrong and they have to be busted.
Handling to this puritanical crap. If you want to be a puritan, if you want to be monogamous, if you want to be a unit, if you want to be a monk, although this monk's yesterday, it weren't doing good in Texas, but nevertheless, I mean, that's up to you.
But the concept that 260 million people are all going to live according to some.
The end of the mentality ain't going to happen. It just isn't going to happen. That's not the way most people are a lot of people want to live.
Here's a mobile and four-letter. Hello.
Nail God.
Yes, sir. A couple things. First, I used to get up to the ground and watch them close building Saturday.
No.
Well, that's my team of hawks, which suck.
Anyway, also, did you know that the 2020, the date that you were talking about, the DC stuff, about the words?
15 minutes on that. The same date. It must have been listened to you.
Probably.
And other than that, I just expressed my opinion on the bull crap and Washington, and I'm out of material.
Okay, thank you so much for what I'm not sure, but thank you for, and that's one other call I'm important that's it today.
Well, I'm not feeling all that great to begin with, so we got to some really good music here.
What do you got?
I guess that.
You can blame George Ford, okay? Or you can do like three hours today. I really don't care.
I want to get over with this crap, whatever it is that I got.
In fact, I'm going to stay there with that clinic today and until they kick me out, I'm just going to stay there and say,
I want a definitive answer. I want to diagnose it. I want every exam that's done.
I don't want to walk around feeling like this the rest of my life.
And then these generalities, well, you know what? Take seven to thirty days to get a drug out of your system.
That doesn't tell me anything. That tells me absolutely nothing.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60 and pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's our final call of the day on a short day. Here's a mobile invoker. Hello?
Yes, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes. What exactly did they sign Berlin for?
What did they sign them for?
Financial.
And how much money did they sign them for?
Yes.
The story says 47.5 million for five years. And then there's other incentives in it for how many goals they score and to play off since it's so long.
Okay. Now, if he's going to invest in it, if I think he's going to do this money for Berlin, do you think
he'd be better started doing it for other parts of the team for such as the Fed?
How about like adding a cello to his available?
No.
No, why not?
No.
Because they're not.
Bill Torrey is already crying. He's already, all his interviews.
We're going to have to re-examine our financial situation now. And I'm not used to doing this.
Of course, they're not going to do that.
Listen, if they're not either going to fix the goal light so that the people can see what a goal comes on,
which I've already accepted the fact they don't care and they're not going to do that, what makes you think they're going to spend any more money?
I got three, I got three letters for rising it.
TQM.
Yeah.
Yeah, he needs to do something because...
Okay, thank you. Okay, there's another one of our great hockey fans.
Like I said, they haven't even fixed the goal light so that you can see it.
And this baloney, by the way, that they told one of our people, well, you know, if we make it any bigger, it'll block the people sit behind it.
Nobody sits behind it. It's in front of stairs. On both ends.
How could the goal jets sit there if he was sitting in front of people?
There are no people sitting behind a goal light in the hockey arena.
I never even thought of that when a guy called the other day.
I looked at it the last night. I'm thinking, what? What a bogus reason that is.
Here we are. It's like 51 games in the season. They still haven't fixed it.
And yes, I am talking about it again.
Because I'm in an... I'm in a state of disbelief that an operation that entails so many hundreds of millions of dollars
between the building of the arena and the payroll and all the people... all the ten gentile people involved with the organization and all the money people invested in that bogus panther stock.
I just can't believe that they're either that stupid. I mean, the quality of the ice I give up.
I saw Chris Prowgher fall into the zaz all by himself their last night and three or four other guys falling down on a bad ice.
But hey, listen, you know, the people from Dallas are coming down here to see how you make great ice.
So what do I know? It sucks. But they don't care about that.
But the idea that you can't see a red light come on from almost no matter where you're sitting.
Only in this town. Only here. With Neo Rogers, the only person making noise about that.
I mean, it's so stupid that it's pathetic. It's idiotic.
We got $48 million to spend for a great hockey player.
But we don't have 50 bucks to spend for a bigger light bulb down here or whatever it takes.
It's like the Greg Readway again.
It's like the Greg Read F and way.
Oh, well, they don't appreciate it. Hank doesn't appreciate that beautiful state of the art studio.
I got upstairs that I built for those guys. Oh my god. What a same crafty equipment they had over the any other joint.
Don't forget the shiny new microphones. No, but the shiny new microphones right?
Stayed in the art my ass. I like the engineer just had a place.
The module in Georgia's boards. The one I crapped out today. Mine was last Friday. Georgia's was today.
The new one blew up also. Be cutting with that. Oh, great.
So because we have tinkered toy stuff here, we have stuff that even Edison will be laughing at.
So he's in a state of delusion. He just deludes himself and believe in that they're, you know,
and it's the same with the people over there. And I don't remember where he's running that place.
You're a joke. You're a laughing stock.
Here's a mobile and sunrise. Hello.
Yeah, how you doing? Listen, I saw the greatest thing on the back of a car.
I was running a few or any list of those where I can get it. You know that Jesus fish.
Yeah. Well, I saw a Jesus fish being eaten by a true fish.
On the back of someone's van. If someone's out there or you know where I can get that, I just need to get one for the back of my truck.
Yeah. Okay. Well, we'll find out from the truth police. They'll be calling any minute.
Two open lines and Broward All 3. Indeed. 5 6 7 0 5 60.
5 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Pompo. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Did you hear exactly what they busted? What they said they busted the people at Trap East for?
No. Rick Slopchis added on Channel 7 last night talking to the sheriff at whoever it was.
Some of it for conducting the loodness which was defined as obscene.
Yeah. The scary part about that is that you, about me and the wife decide we want to have a couple over to the house.
Uh-huh. You know, hey, can they come in my house?
Evidently.
And say the same thing. And it was about anonymous, anonymous tips had caused that whole entire thing.
But let me say it again. It's a private club. There are no minors there. There are nobody there.
Some people who are voluntarily there. And whatever they do in there is their business.
Oh, I know. They're not counterfeiting money in there.
They're not manufacturing some bootleg illegal product in there. They're diddling each other.
And if that's what they want to do, like you said, if they come over to each other's house, what difference does it make?
Why should that bother anybody?
My and my wife membership, I ran out in December. Yeah.
We were, we were members of the first trap.
Well, you'd be calling me from the inside now. You'd be making your call today.
Oh, yeah. But there's some other people around in Broward County that have house parties.
Right.
With backyards, big back fences.
Oh, you can't do that.
It's a bunch of, unless you just grill and weenies. I mean, I don't think those weenies there were about yet, but they're the other kind. They're, they're sarcotic.
It's a bunch of educated people who, like you said, aren't bothered anybody.
There was a, I listened to the Rick and Sput show earlier before you came on.
Well, some, some guy came on and it was, was bitching about how the Democrats, the Democrats and big government trying to take over and make you do this and this and this and this.
And, and you know, what apps are doing that?
Yeah. And force government to your life and the show went off before I could get on.
And I wanted to say it's not the Democrats. There are Republicans who want big government to stick government in your life.
If the Republicans are the ones who are in bed with a pleasure police, everybody else they can get in bed with.
They can tell you what you can and can't do and who you can be and what you can be.
Anyway, I just wanted to say hi and let you know exactly that they're, you know, the law, any law.
I can't understand how in a free country like ours is a matter of free country.
Why do you say it's a free country?
Where do you come up with that crap?
It's not a free country.
It's a free country.
It's a free country.
It's another one of those things that people say, okay, it's a nice sounding cliche. This is not a free country.
I know, but constitutionally in the bill of rights, they'll say anything about the constitution.
You forget about the constitution. The constitution is the laws that are carried out today in the various states who've got nothing to do with the constitution.
We have no freedom in this country. Very limited freedoms.
Oh, I know.
We can do whatever they want to the extent that they'll allow us. And then after that, screw it.
Have a great day.
Yeah, it's a free country, right? That's a good material. What time is Hissio start?
We have an open line in day one in Broward, 560, 560 and pound 560 on the mobile one line.
It's the pleasure, police baby. The we need the we we police.
Here's a mobile and lake worth. Hello.
How you doing?
Okay, sir.
Good. Well, one of the things is you got the jacket and calls because you've got problems with lines up here. You can't dial in on mobile direct.
I send you to some other number just so you're aware of that.
Well, when you dial pound 560, it says 467, so on, is out of order. And that's the end of that.
So you're not going to get the mobile call from anywhere in AT&T.
So that would certainly be pleat your audience slightly.
Oh.
And when I told the guy on the phone, he said, you think management cares? We know about it.
They don't care. Greg Reed does not care. Okay. He is not interested.
Like the time he told my lawyer a few months ago, well, what can we do to make Neil happier? What can we provide for him?
And we suggested, how about an 800 number? You know, a toll free number so the people listening on a West Coasting call us, you know, or the people on the audio net can call in toll free.
And of course, as soon as you suggest anything, then that might cost money. It's like, forget it.
Well, how about just fixing the phone lines you got?
No, that could cost the money, too. I guess.
No. They won't do that. They don't care. They don't care.
One of the things that I just want to touch one thing by, you know, the guy I'm disappointed with most on the pants this year is Phala.
He's playing tariff.
He's awful. He's off start two years ago.
Yeah, not anymore. He's terrible.
Coolest. I don't know what we're going to do.
And I'll tell you, even though he scored a goal last night, Victor Cazlom, I'm afraid.
I'm afraid he's being shown this year to be exactly what San Jose felt he was when they got rid of me.
Lot of talent there, potential, a lot of skating ability like we're around and around.
But he doesn't make anything happen most of the time.
And if we're got a 6.4.6, like many of those big Russian guys, not physical at all.
I mean, not in the least bit. So no matter how big he is, he doesn't use it to his advantage.
That's right. Last of all, I want to ask you this question.
Why in the world are they debating this with England Washington secrecy when everything else has been out in the public?
You know something? I'm glad that they're doing it secretly.
You want to know why? Because they said that by doing it this way, instead of each center to getting up there and using the full 15 minutes and posturing the public watching on television,
that they're going to have a hell of a lot less to say, they're going to move it right along.
And by Thursday, it looks like we'll finally get to the final vote and get this damn thing over with.
That's a good point.
Because what are they going to say that we haven't heard 50 million times already? What are they going to say?
That's true. No cameras, maybe not.
Get it over with.
That's right. Good point.
Okay. Have a great day.
I mean, that line by Chris Dodg yesterday was so perfect.
Well, what is it that you want to hear today?
I want to hear we yield back the balance of our time from both sides.
And let's get this over. Nice going, Chris. Chris Dodg.
It looks just like Jerry Williams, by the way.
Have you noticed how a lot of those in England people all look the same?
You never knew Jerry Williams, right? He looks just like Chris Dodg, only a lot older.
I'm like an older version. Much older.
Two open lines in day five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in high a Leah. Hello.
Yeah, it's working fine. You know, I'm talking to you.
Okay.
Well, he was talking in Palm Beach, I guess.
Oh, really?
You played these little bits and these little cars like the lady that says it's the American, you know.
Yeah.
And everybody knows that the American way.
See that now everyone. The nation knows what she's saying.
Yeah. Why do you have to believe it?
Because it's not a free country because the FCC will not allow us to play it on exporgated.
We have to put the bleep in there because we're a bunch of overgrown children.
Right.
As if children might be listening and ever heard that word in the school yard before.
Right. Well, I saw the George Carl and bit a few nights ago and he did the seven words.
Yeah.
Now that's and now you're using some of those words.
Even.
And.
And yeah, luckily, but not in the sense, not in that sense.
We're not though.
You have to play, you have to play games.
You have to fight is there a cutest way around so they can try to do it, you know, humorously because you have to humor them.
So if I, if I say, meals are pussy.
Yeah, that's okay.
But don't refer to a female genitalia with that word or, you know, we got big problems on our hands.
Yeah, it's incredible.
You smelly problem on our hands.
Absolutely amazing.
Well, have a great day, sir.
And God bless America.
Okay.
Oh, it's the land of the free.
Oh, the free.
We had all these freedoms.
It's a free country.
The people who say that are people that have ever been anywhere else.
That's really free, like, you know, pergway.
Two open lines in day two and Broward, five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the mobile one line.
1056 at QAM.
A planet where eight people from men.
Why two days we go on and all the tutors go on time.
Why two days we go on and everybody's gone on time.
People will panic when burned on the pie.
I read that in a magazine.
Is that something for the world?
Or believe it's the end of the world?
And see the market crashing again.
Or do you feel any on your own time?
Or jumping away?
Or do you have the world's company renders we discussed yesterday make no mistake about it.
The Y2K we've only got about 10 months and a couple of weeks and it'll be all over.
So we better have a good time in the meantime.
Not if you live in Broward though, please watch yourself in Broward.
Watch your ass.
Open line in day two and Broward five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line.
Is a mobile and West Palm Beach hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi.
Last week I was watching before I went to work I had turned on an I miss on MSNBC.
Yeah.
And about this Mr. Robinson down there trying to get himself a little blowjob.
They had the police officer call in on the radio.
And I don't know if you had heard this or not, but that police officer was actually a male.
So police officer dressed up.
Yeah.
And I just I mean, I didn't know if you had heard that.
It's good enough for any mercy.
It's good enough for Eugene.
If that was true or not.
Yeah, well, what can you do to be embarrassed to be embarrassing as it is.
Well, that would have been a double whammy.
Oh, if I mean while you know while you're down there getting that if you would have reached up underneath that skirt and boom.
Well, well, I'm a little surprised.
Uh-huh. And the way to charge.
Thank you.
Exactly.
Okay, Neil.
Thanks.
Okay.
So there you go.
It was a drag queen.
It was a guide rest up as a hooker which might not help out.
Maybe he's got bad eyesight.
Or maybe he was looking for a guide.
Or maybe he was like Eddie Murphy.
Maybe that's the big thing.
Now maybe it's a cultural thing.
Two open lines a day to enbrouwered on a real slow drag assie Tuesday here.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Is this time I thought it was really something the day that we got POP,
I don't know if I'm going to get a VLB or inside of the first time.
But is this town really worked up into a friendship out of it?
We got them locked up for five maybe six years.
No.
They care.
No.
No.
No.
You know, when you when you go to the arena and you listen to the people talking,
we had people sitting behind us last night.
Now, I got to be honest with you.
I never watched St. Louis play to me.
There, I just don't like their team.
I don't find them interesting.
I find them boring.
I mean, I get all the games on the small dish.
I just never watched the blues.
So even even when I came out for practice before the game.
I looked at a few of the names and some of them I know.
And there are a lot of guys that I never heard of before.
Which is very unusual for me because I watch a lot of hockey games.
But the blues are not one of those teams I watch.
Now, they got a kid number 42.
His name is Fitzpatrick.
I have no idea who he is, where he came from, what he did,
what plan he's from, and nothing about him.
Now, we used to have Mark Fitzpatrick who is a goalie, okay, for the Panthers.
Who moved on to Tampa and Chicago.
And I'm listening to people that they're out there in practice.
And here comes this 42 Fitzpatrick is skating around.
And the guy behind me says to the other guy,
oh yeah, there's a Fitzpatrick.
He used to play for the Panthers.
This guy, he's like a forward.
He's skating, you know, he's not a goalie.
I mean, even even a moron can see the difference between a goal tender
with all the pads and the heavy equipment and the big glove and a big stick.
You know, even George knows the difference between a goalie
and like a forwarder defenseman.
And the comments are just so inane.
I mean, seriously, I'm exaggerating when I say 10 or 20% of us in that joint
have any idea what the game is all about.
I'm exaggerating.
We're talking about a smattering of us, a tiny smattering
who have got any clue of what's going on there.
And the rest of it, your guess is as good as mine, baby.
Your guess is as good as mine.
They're a schmoozen, they're a socializing, they're a jukin, they're a jivin.
They even now have a contrived thing on the scoreboard.
It's a scene from some Cornball sports movie with Gene Hackman.
We're just making this in passion, speech in the locker room to his team.
And then they start going like this.
Have you ever seen that?
And then they all start, you know, they all start, and then they show the hands
coming together up on the scoreboard.
Okay, everybody's saying the audience says, hey, the crowd, we're going to applauding now.
We're going to applaud for the contrived excitement.
And see, you only have to do that when you're dealing with people who have no idea what's going on.
Contrived.
Here's a mobile in derail. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You're going to love this one.
You're really going to love this one.
Today's I will take seven, eight real short paragraphs from the Vatican City.
Okay, check this out.
They're going to be in Vatican City.
Marijuana Smok.
Rain sits, sighted in Swiss garganties.
I already had it. Thank you, sir.
Way ahead of you.
Had that last hour.
That's a story about the Swiss guard.
You're going to love this way, head of you.
We have an open line at date, all three and Broward, five six seven, all five six,
a pound five, six, the other 18 T wireless line.
Here's Westchester. Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I just wanted to ask you, how old is your stick?
How old is my stick?
Yeah.
As old as the rest of me.
Well, the thing is, here we go.
Right off the bat again with a guy that sounds very discrepanult, who wants to attack me, attack the show.
Why do you listen if my stick is old and worn out?
Why are you still listening?
Because I'm home sick today.
No, you're home sick today.
And the best you can do on a home day stick is to listen to the show where you stick before after you started listening.
When I started listening to you.
That's when it became a you stick.
The thing is, Neil, seriously, it's got a very good touch and old stick.
Yeah.
You rag on the radio station.
Right.
You rag on Miami.
You rag on how there's no...
There's no hot...
Why are you listening?
And why are you listening, sir?
I just happened to be going through this space.
You're...
You're...
Now, wait a minute.
Let me ask you this.
What kind of a sane person goes through the station long enough and finds something that they find offensive, old, tired, and that they don't like?
And stops long enough to make a phone call.
What kind of a sick bastard does that?
Talk about sick.
I'll tell you because...
Please, Thomas, sir.
We'd love to hear it.
All right.
Because I forgot about you and then I heard your voice and I...
When you know something, this was...
I hate to break the news, sir.
I just...
I just deposited a big check in the bank two days ago.
I just got through to pausing a big bonus rating check two days ago, for the numbers that came out a week ago.
So I hate to break the news deal, but everybody else is still listening.
So it may be old and it may be tired, but I think you're the one that's got the problem.
And like I've told you, a million times, anybody that miserable, and of course that's what this town is all about anyway.
But anybody that miserable with whatever he hears you, that would take the time
to make the call and stay on hold for a couple of minutes to express his displeasure and his contempt.
He's squeezing it right now.
There isn't anybody in this audience here that you're fooling.
Not one, not even the dumbest of the dumb.
Even the people who hate me like poison are sniggering and snickering right now.
Because they know that you're grabbing yourself.
From sexual excitement having gotten on the ear here to make your big attack,
we remain duly unimpressed.
And you know something, sir, if things ever changed in this radio station,
if management ever got smart, if something brilliant ever happened,
if they actually brought us in some new equipment,
I'd be the first one to come on here and say,
oh my god, these people got smart.
I'd be the first one to tell you that.
I tell you exactly the way it is.
You just can't handle that.
And the reason it sounds old and tired to you is because I've been here a long time.
And guess what? This town isn't getting any different.
You go to those games, the fans aren't getting any smarter.
You do these shows and the calls like yours, they're not getting any better.
So this show is like it.
What it always has been a mirror image of this community and of this whoever I'm working for.
And like I told our ex sales buddy, I hand me their last night to gain.
It doesn't make much difference who you're working for in this town.
Because they're all pretty much the same.
Just a matter of degree.
Some of them spend a little more money on equipment.
Some of them do a little bit better promotion.
But generally speaking, it's all pretty much bush league.
So I'm sorry that you can't handle the truth.
So I'm sorry that you forgot about me.
Is there anybody who believes that this man forgot about me?
No.
Just forgot that I exist.
No.
And I certainly hope you're feeling better very, very soon, don't we?
No.
Nine minutes after 11 at 5.60 QA.
I think it's hard to think.
Six.
I think it's hard to think.
I think it's hard to think.
I think it's hard to think.
I think it's hard to think.
I think it's hard to think.
I think it's hard to think.
I think it's hard to think.
I think it's hard to think.
I think it's hard to think.
I think it's hard to think.
I think it's hard to think.
I think it's hard to think.
I think it's hard to think.
I think it's hard to think.
I think it's hard to think.
I think it's hard to think.
I think it's hard to think.
I think it's hard to think.
I think it's hard to think.
I think it's hard to think.
I think it's hard to think.
I think it's hard to think.
I think it's hard to think.
I think it's hard to think.
I think it's hard to think.
I think it's hard to think.
I think it's hard to think.
I think it's hard to think.
I think it's hard to think.
I don't think it's hard to think.
You won't seem a city old with the Ge Be...
You won't seem a city old with the Ge Be...
With the Ge Be...
With the Ge Be...
If youLothers 1565, 16 tom, 16t.
So getting back to Kerry Gold's stick again,
So getting back to Kerry Gold's stick again,
So getting back to Kerry Gold's stick again,
I was home sick last Thursday and went to the doctor, took the day off from work, and the
only reason I turned on the radio when I got home was to see if George was doing a
show where they started to tape on which they did because Bill Castell was getting his
eyes sliced up again.
And I turned it right off.
Now I do the show.
This is my livelihood.
I work here on this radio station, but I was home sick, did I listen to the show?
No.
Of course not.
But here's the guy who's home sick from work today.
He not only listens to the show, but he's calling the show to tell me how tired and
old and stale he had forgotten about me, but I'm glad I didn't let you down, pal.
I'm glad I didn't disappoint you with something new and exciting like what a great town
is this, what a bunch of great colors we got.
Like last night I'm sitting there with the game.
Here's another deal behind me.
The talk, I mean, I can write a book just about the stuff you overhear people talking
about.
About the non-stop, the incessant crap that goes on in a conversation there, a little
or nothing of which has to do with the game or anything that's going on in that building.
There's a woman sitting behind this last night with a family and she's loud talking about
some countertom she had with the neighbor about her dog, something about the dog that
this and she's going on loud.
This is while the game is going on loud and she's recounting the whole story and about
how the neighbor tape recorded something and the dog allegedly did a whatever the deal
was loud.
Okay.
And then, four later, somebody else they know comes in a sitting down there for a while
with them and how the whole story again.
Oh, and you should have seen they videotaped it and the dog did a thing and then he did
that.
Squared, squared.
And I'm sitting there.
I came so close I felt like turning around and saying it wasn't that interesting the
first time but the second time it's terminal, okay.
And both times it was much too loud.
I mean, it wasn't all that loud in the arena last night, okay.
It wasn't the blurring blasting noise that we usually have or sometimes have.
You could actually talk to other people and hear what they were saying.
It wasn't really necessary to pretend you were back in New York and talk like everybody
was deaf.
We're not talking old people here.
We're talking about like young and middle age people talking.
We don't have to talk quite that loud, sweetheart, about your dog story.
Two open lines and date one and brown.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got two things.
First of all, go to address the asshole that just called.
Yeah.
You're absolutely right.
I mean, this guy, he runs off the same mentality that this Broward Sheriff runs off of.
God forbid anybody should have any fun.
Do anything like go to a private swingers club or go out and gamble on the water or listen
to an intelligent show like yours.
That's an intelligent show and I never pretend to be intelligent.
I don't mean it.
I don't mean it.
That way.
It's four hours of education time.
That's all.
It's entertaining.
It's the only dancing that's entertaining on the radio.
Yes.
And the guy can switch the channel.
No, he can't.
He's too sick to do that.
He could go over and pick up the telephone.
Maybe somebody made the call for him.
Yeah.
He could switch the channel.
No, what, Neil?
Who's he kidding?
He's got your number on speed dial on his goddamn tele.
Right.
Who's he kidding?
I don't know.
Anyway, secondly, on this Y2K thing, if this is such a big tragedy that's going to happen,
how come everybody in their brother can use credit cards that run out after the year 2000
with no problem?
That's right.
I just got my new American Express Platinum card yesterday.
It expires 702.
2002.
It was such a big deal.
The computer didn't go on crazy.
Yeah.
Because when you, as you know, if you buy an airline ticket on the phone, for example, from
an airline that give you credit card number, they say, well, what's the expiration date.
And they put that in there.
If they put in a date 2000 or afterwards, the computer's good, go bananas.
Exactly.
It's a bunch of credit cards.
In addition to which, what did our grandparents ever do?
How did they ever buy groceries without computers?
I don't know.
How did they ever get food stuff delivered?
How did they ever get produce delivered without computers at the...
I started until the 70s when the computers became popular, right?
How did they somehow survive without computers?
Neil, I love you.
And there's a lot of us out here, of course, that love you.
You know, we know he's probably still listening to the party.
Well, maybe he's got something terminal.
Have a great day, pal.
Good job.
See ya.
Okay, we have an open-line in Broward.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
You're old in your sale, like last year's Halibov.
Yeah.
And...
See, when you're not feeling the best, which lately for about like seven or eight weeks,
which you don't want to hear about because that's old and still.
But when you're not feeling your best, that kind of call to me.
And it has the exact opposite effect that he thinks it has.
I love that.
If I had a half a dozen calls like that every day, it would make my life.
Because I don't have to do anything with an asshole like that.
He just drop it in his pants, showing his effect to the world.
And I can just sit there and say, hey, look at that.
There's an asshole.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Why are you such a high percentage of your phone calls, mobile phones?
Because most people, most living in people are out doing stuff.
I don't think so. You're boring.
Oh, that's what it is. I'm boring.
Therefore, people are...
Ha-ha-ha!
That was the best.
Not only is he listening and calling like the other guy, but the logic.
I want you to stop and think of this, okay?
The reason that they're calling from their car phones and their pickup trucks
on their mobile phones is because I'm boring.
But if they're inside a building with no life whatsoever, like this guy
in a broom closet somewhere, I'm not simulating enough to get them to turn on the radio.
Of course, the fact that you can't pick up this radio station in most buildings, anyway.
That also has nothing to do with that.
I'm sure if I know more people would tell me, but you know, I'd love to listen to it in the day,
but we can't pick up AM inside.
We can't pick up your station inside.
Look at that.
Ervy call on the board.
I got five calls on here right now.
Ervy one is a mobile call.
And so was the last one.
He was?
Wasn't it?
No, he didn't know how to drive a car.
In fact, he was in that same category with all of these things that we've been hiring lately.
He was in that same fact.
That might have been, maybe that's the water Nazis, new assistant for upstairs, the new traffic assistant.
You got some nerve.
We have NN John Jures has got the hoods, but ask me in the elevator coming up this morning.
Am I going to their big ratings party?
This is great.
All these other people are going to eat free food and have a whole bunch of drinks and get plastered based on our ratings.
Nice going, Neil and George.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Here's the mobile in Miami.
Hello.
I know you're boring.
Yeah.
How about tech?
Hey, uh...
No, no, but only the mobile calls are, I think I'm excited.
The people inside the buildings think I'm boring.
Well, that was the best laugh I've had in the world.
I'm trying to follow.
I'm trying to connect the dots, okay?
With that logic there.
I'm boring.
Therefore, only people in mobile phones call this show.
Listen, I, one of the ongoing topics on the show about the sportsmen with criminal paths to get away with murder.
Yeah, SIS, SIS, come bags in sports.
Well, why do you just segment that, though?
I mean, isn't it pretty much just anybody that makes a reasonable millionaire living that gets away with the same thing?
I mean, I don't understand why we segment just sports figures because you've got, uh, let's see, uh, Kennedys, uh, you know, government, governor, the mayor of Miami.
How's Mary Jo doing, by the way?
Great, but why do we just, why, why would we just want to segment just for a second?
How's NERL under no doing?
Well, we don't, but it just seems to be, there seems to be an epidemic of it right at the moment.
I guess so.
I guess most don't care about the, what are the Kennedys aren't feeling too good right now?
Well, we hear about it when, uh, when, uh, you know, what's his name for most of the magazine?
Larry Flint decides he's going to out some of these guys.
Then we hear about it.
And then nobody, and nobody seems to care too much, by the way.
Nobody gives a crap.
Well, it just seems to me like a little bit of a hypocrisy.
Whenever, what else sits up on a pedestal and acts like, uh, like sports figures, just because they've done something wrong and granted.
I mean, I mean, like my Tyson, who went to jail for rape and who, uh, you know, has all the record as long as your arm.
Should have never got into a fender, fender and beat the crap out of the other one guy and kicked the other guy in a groin.
I mean, you know, that's, that seems like the normal average thing to do that.
Well, Kennedy, rect a car, killed a woman and he's serving in the Senate.
Yeah.
You know, I mean, so it gets, so another one.
So in other words, what you're saying is that if wealthy people, and of course we know that athletes aren't wealthy people, right?
Uh, in fact, in fact, Tony Martin could only afford Johnny Cochran and Roy Black.
Right.
I mean, I agree with you 100%.
I just, I don't think I'm just missing your point.
I don't see what the point is.
Well, I guess because the focus seems to me, the focus of late has been solely on athletes.
And maybe that's because there's more answers into the news.
Yeah.
And it seems to me that what OJ did.
I mean, you know, granted, uh, you know, Mary Joe, Mary Joe Copectney in alive today.
But nevertheless, it was supposedly an accident.
They did their best to cover it up and he was drunk out of his mind.
But I mean, Nicole and Ron Goldman were in an accident.
I don't think.
I'm on the left of the steady slip.
What is it?
There's a nephew that was his Michael.
There was a quitted of rape.
Yeah.
And I wasn't probably committed it.
Yeah.
I mean, I might, I guess, but didn't you have a trial?
But didn't he have a trial, though?
Yeah.
I mean, everybody has had their trials.
Everyone that's convicted of doing a crime if they're caught, they should go to trial.
But the bottom line is if you got the money, you're getting off.
Whether you're a cop.
Well, if you got the money, you're going to afford Johnny Copp and Roy Black in a big shot of attorneys.
That's right.
Exactly.
So I guess the point is that if, uh, sir, I think the point you're trying to make is...
That's the American fucking way.
We have two open lines in date.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60 and pound five, 60 on the 18t wireless line.
For just a second there, I was a little bit nervous because I thought he was trying to make the point
is that we shouldn't be picking on these athletes because after all he run fast and jump high and get high and stuff like that.
Just for just a moment here, I was terrified by the thought that he was going to make that point.
This is the source of the morning with you, Ravyr.
This is your brain.
Do you have any questions?
My sack is like a symbol and my nuts are like pearls.
I don't even have enough to pack us, world.
I try to stick with lotion and technology, but it don't get no bigger than a golf fee.
There's nothing I can do.
I only got a three inch two.
You'll be disappointed when we reach my house,
because you won't know for sure if I'm a man or a mouse.
It ain't no big Mac, or like a happy meal.
You get more satisfaction from your high heel.
You're where I was in the pool,
because I only got a three inch two.
Sometimes that night I wonder if they will ever grow.
If I was a homosexual, I couldn't even push in your stool.
It looks like Mr. Peanut without a change.
It got capillaries instead of things.
I could cut circulation with a pig in ring.
For Halloween, I dress in like a buffalo wing.
It's in a suction tube,
because I only got a three inch two.
Even with a metric rule,
I only got a three inch two.
Tell them, guys.
You got a three inch two.
Oh, baby.
Come here, honey.
It's probably not quantity.
If I could only find a three inch two,
it's a lot of 32 at 560 W.
You can come by the way.
It took me this long to figure out the guy that's home sick today,
allegedly, that tells me I'm doing the same old stick.
Sorry that we disrupted his session with his Henry high blowup doll.
That's where that guy's coming from.
You have to start thinking about these things.
You have to wonder, well, is it a cop that's been out of shape?
Because I'm talking about all these ridiculous busts of swing clubs and brow art.
Is that it?
No.
Not in his case, I don't think.
Now, this guy is like, you know, he's one of those closet right wingers
that's pumping his Trent Loctile right now.
We've been his pom-poms.
We have an open line in Broward and Dave, 560, 750, 560,
and 05, 560 on the AT&T line.
So, I hate to break the news to you, sir,
but the reason I scream and yell about the management and about the equipment
is because Jim Crawford, one of our engineers,
was just in there trying to fix Georgia's board again today.
Last Friday, it was in here.
Now, it's in there because they're trying to make magic out of nothing.
And our general manager's got the hootspaw to come down here and tell me,
oh, when it wasn't a bum's rush, they probably engineers promised it would be done by such insides.
Wait, does he have a lot of hootspaw?
Yes.
Sure does.
Always somebody else's fault.
Always somebody else that made him look bad.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil.
Enjoying your entertainment.
You got too many people taking this serious.
Yeah.
Now, here's your radio show.
What have they all been out of shape?
And let me say it again.
This is one of the most unhappy towns in the universe.
We've got more miserable people, more hostile people.
I mean, what would stop and think about it?
Would you even think of Call of...
of findings coming across something on a radio that you allegedly didn't even know was there?
And in taking the time to call and express your pleasure with it,
as opposed to turning to something else, or finding something else to do?
It was probably half time of the spring or show or something.
Probably, yes.
Now, listen, you're terminal about your hockey fans.
Now, here's what's going on.
I gave up...
And I'm a real fan.
And the real fans aren't there anymore, because they're pricing everybody out.
And I'm making a good living.
I'm making a low six figures.
I can't afford it anymore.
Now, I understand.
I gave up my hockey head.
That's right.
I gave up my heat ticket two years ago.
Took the kids skiing this summer.
I just went away.
We went to Vail.
Now, I'm going to give up my pants or tickets.
And I'll probably go to Hawaii.
I'm not going to support these guys anymore.
I've kept my guard...
Listen, let me say it again.
Maybe you never heard me say this.
If the station didn't provide me with my own tickets for all the games,
there isn't a Chinaman's chance in Hill that I would buy pants or tickets,
especially after what we sat through last year.
And until they got beret this year,
what we saw the first third of the season.
I mean, just pathetic.
Putrid.
Now, maybe Wayne can raise the parking.
Maybe he'll raise it up to 40 or 50 bucks for the dolphins.
And then the hell with them, too, you know?
As long as I'm TV, I'm going to take advantage of it.
I'm not going to support him anymore.
I'm still hanging in there with my dolphin tickets.
But it's a joke.
I think hockey is pretty close to pricing themselves out.
They've caught up quickly, haven't they?
Now, you look at all the MTCs you see.
No matter what arena you look at, you see lots and lots of MTCs,
even in lower bulls, and lower bulls are all those corporate seats.
And again, the only reason that those are sold is because they're bought up by the big companies.
But if they don't give them away to somebody,
or if they don't buy them showing up on that night,
what you're stuck with is lots and lots of MTCs.
It's getting pathetic out there.
Yep.
All right.
But hey, listen, these guys have got to make the 8, 9, 10, and in a year.
They drove the fans away.
Yep.
About it.
Okay, see you.
All right.
Yeah, that's a better investment.
I mean, if you had a tooth between going to Hawaii or buying season the hockey tickets,
or like tickets for like 20, forget about season tickets for like 10 or 20 games for the whole family,
go to Hawaii, man.
You'll have a hell of a lot better time.
You can do that as much as I'm a big hockey fan.
I mean, let's face it, you know, these owners and these sports moguls,
these people, they expect it's like obligatory.
Well, you know, we went out and built the stadium, of course, even in this case,
if it wasn't with their own money, they went out and built this beautiful facility,
even though a lot of stuff doesn't work that should.
And now we're obligated to go out there and support it with our tangible funds.
And a lot of people are saying, no way.
Here's a mobile in Kendall.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
I'm bored.
I'm on a mobile, but it's got nothing to do with you.
Okay.
In regard to Monica and Bill, a little face is no disgrace in the right place.
You have a great day, buddy.
Okay, thank you so much.
What do you say a little much about some plus?
Oh, what do you say?
Something around with the push.
We have open lines in date, five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, and five,
and five, 60 on the 18 T wireless line.
So now we get back to that kind of called before about how you use the word.
You have to be real careful because the word police are sitting up there at the FCC.
And you can say, oh, I mean, it's just it just overwhelms me.
Talk about old and stale, and tired.
Being in a country where they refuse to make any progress,
where they refuse to come out in the sunshine, and move out of the dark age.
Oh, we got the word police, the pleasure police, the t-shirt on the beach police.
Life is a beach.
Oh, yeah.
But your old parts up there in Hollywood, they have a nervous breakdown about that.
We got the bumper sticker police.
Here be God damn thing you want to do in this country.
We got to go, we got a brand of police for that because just in case you might actually be having a good time,
even if you're not harming anybody.
The frickin' pleasure police.
Two open lines in date, five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, pound, five, 60 on the 18 T line.
George will be here in 130.
What are you going to do for F-Hour, by the way?
Talk about swinging.
Oh.
And then at two o'clock we got Hank from two to six.
We got Boaster six to ten.
Talkin' baseball from six to eight.
Do we know why?
And then Eddie Kaplan and Kim Pulse are gambling sure at ten o'clock.
Are you Aaron?
Shit like this.
A little bit of pain.
Well, paint high balls with color.
To display a little bit of pain.
Looks better.
Wait for balls hang down this way.
On each of us.
Why not you pay?
Oh, happy little yellow, big.
A little bit of pain.
Just make your balls look better this way.
You take a brush and swing it on your dust.
As you carry gently touch and get down the way.
You can't pass through and dress up your fog of voodoo.
You take the land of music and play dog your life is fine.
Oh, little bit of pain.
You take a ball with color.
To display a little bit of pain.
Looks better.
Wait for balls hang down this way.
Look at the skirt out.
Who's there?
What?
Nothing up there.
I'll be a little bit of pain.
Will they do balls?
Look better this way.
Will they do balls?
Look better this way.
A little bit of pain.
Paint your ball spot.
Okay, 17 before noon at 5.60 Q.A.
I don't have a bones.
Open line and day one and Broward.
5.6705.60 and pound 5.60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in the Gables.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I was watching a show last night on television discussing that guy that got fired for saying
negatively.
Yes.
And it hurt me, Neil.
It hurt me so bad it was like somebody shut this beer through the water.
No one in my heart, Neil.
Yeah.
And I want to know if it's still all right to order JuJuBies.
Your view is...
No, we can't do that anymore.
Thanks.
But it's not politically correct.
No more JuJuBies.
I used to like those, too, by the way.
When you used to go to the movies back to Cameo Theater in Rochester 800 years ago.
We have an open line of day two in Broward.
5.6705.60 and pound 5.60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Bokeh.
Hello.
Hi.
Yeah.
Yes.
How you doing?
Okay.
You know, you took them out of these people that kind of like really rained on in here in
South Florida.
I was driving in Oakland Park and it said, you know, there's a big sound tank.
It was like somebody spanked it right on the side of the road.
And it said, welcome to our Oakland Park, the village of Apathy.
Yeah.
Well, at least they're honest about it anyway.
It's pretty sad.
Yeah.
Well, not going to change, sir.
Maybe that's what that other guy's really so depressed about.
They want to take it out on me.
This town isn't going to change.
And you can go back from 10 years from now, 30 years from now, and they're going to be
talking the same stuff and it's going to be the same way because it's never going to
change.
That's pretty sad, huh?
Well, that's pretty sad.
Right?
Have a great day.
It's pretty sad.
Right?
Two open lines and they'd run in Broward.
That's pretty sad.
That's pretty goddamn sad is what it is.
5.6705.60 and pound 5.60 on the AT&T wireless line.
They are actively apathetic.
They are enthusiastically indifferent.
You picked the topic no matter what it is.
They're local politics.
What will you name it?
Whatever it is.
The pleasure police.
They don't care.
They're not interested.
They don't care what's going on.
Just to leave them the hell alone.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Mobile in Miami.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, first time caller.
Long time listener.
Not a mobile, but.
I know.
Yeah, I wasn't sure it was me.
Listen, which of my first Panthers game last night?
Sorry.
Oh, Lyrica was entertaining anyway.
I was pretty excited.
Yeah, the first period was at least.
I thought we were doing pretty good.
Up 3 to 1.
Also, I am a police officer.
And about 90% of us do listen to you and agree with you.
A lot more of that.
Oh, yeah.
At least the listening part.
I'm about to agree with you.
Yeah, at least the ones that admit that they listen to you.
Some don't also.
Also, I went to Columbus.
And.
Really?
Yeah, about 20 years ago.
There's no fact in the church.
Yeah, no.
And whoever calls you says there's no facts over there is.
Not telling you the truth.
We read a deep denial.
Yes, they are because there's many teachers there that.
Like to say on the other side.
Like to swing it in that direction.
And what happened with that number eight there last night?
Who is that?
Because he was a still.
Sissy Spacek.
Yeah, we sat on the eighth row.
First time we got a couple tickets for a friend of ours half price.
Yeah, that's the only reason we would have paid that fact.
He should have been arrested for impersonating a defenseman last night.
Sissy Spacek.
He has got to go, man.
Yeah, what the worst.
What happened to their defense last night?
They they missed a bus over the arena.
They missed a bus.
We need povel back.
But he ain't going to help the defense.
I mean, it's basically look when you score four goals ordinarily,
that should be enough to win, especially when your goal is played as good as
Berkton for the first two periods.
That should be enough to win.
But when your defense doesn't show.
I mean, I'll say it again.
I have never I've been watching hockey for 41 years.
I've never ever seen a game where there's so many breakaways one after another after another.
And it was kind of like, well, you're on your own pal because we're just not going to do anything to that.
Yeah, that's it.
No defense.
Terrible, the worst.
Yeah, it was pretty bad.
But other than that, we had a pretty good time.
And I think we may go back once in a while, but not for $60 a ticket.
Exactly.
That's that one.
Somebody comes up with some pre-tickets.
So I'll see you there.
Yeah, that's it. Thanks, Dale.
Okay, have a great day.
Yeah, they're pricing it up.
That's why the ambiance is different.
That's why you rarely see most of the same people in the same city.
There are a few exceptions, but most of them are like sharing packages or they get them whenever the boss will give them the tickets.
And no matter what sport it is, that's the way it's become now.
That's why they have to put that thing on there with Gene Hackman, you know, the plot.
That's time to applaud.
Now come on, mix the noise.
Two open lines a day, two and brown.
And five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Port Charlotte.
Hello.
Aineal, I'm almost embarrassed to admit this.
But that guy that called about the armistice show.
Yeah.
That was so obviously a bit.
I can't believe anyone would believe that.
I mean, it was a character they were trying to do.
And the fact that somebody would believe that means...
I don't even remember the call.
What was he talking about?
Oh, about the interview with the cop who arrested Eugene Robinson.
It was a cop.
There's a black woman in Miami Beach.
This was a comedy bit.
And this guy was too stupid to catch you, I know.
It was so...
I was doing a comedy bit.
You can imagine what it sounded like.
Right.
It was horrendous.
And this guy believed it.
Not only that.
Now I'm wondering if he saw it on TV.
Because he said he saw it on MSNBC.
When they do the comedy bits on there, they show the real spinning.
They just play a tape.
Right.
And even with the real spinning, he still thought it was the real thing.
Unbelievable.
That's why I'm still on the air.
Maybe he's still on the air.
That's why the guy is still on the air.
Because he's got people like this listening to him.
Oh my God.
Also, you know...
Every morning I channel surf and I have to go by channel five on my cable,
which is MSNBC.
And I see him sitting there.
And every single day, the last week and a half, he's had his brother Fred on the phone.
And this morning he was going through this long talk about old and stale,
the thing about the farm again and about how they give him so much trouble out there with the ranch in New Mexico
and about all of...
How the New York Times had to write this retraction.
Now I don't even watch the show.
Okay.
Only see a channel surfing for like a few seconds at a time.
Every time I go through, he's down with Fred.
I'm just talking about the ranch by in the farm.
He's got these kids with cancer.
They're going to come out in the ranch form, which I think is amazing.
He's got free labor.
He gets these cancer leukemias, drinking kids.
They're going to come out and he's doing them a favor.
They're going to come out and milk the cows and clean up the cow crap.
Uh-huh.
So the guy's a fraud.
He really is.
Speaking of fraud, your buddy up in Fort Lauderdale is the one who's behind a lot of this Y2K problem,
Dr. Kennedy.
He's behind it.
He's behind it.
He's selling a video tape and a bar.
Absolutely.
Hey, listen.
He never met a capitalist idea that he didn't like.
Yeah, so more power to him, right?
Have a great day.
All right.
Good old Dr. Kennedy up there, man.
He never met a marketing tool that they didn't like.
In fact, a lot of those preachers, they never met a tool he didn't hop on.
We have two open lines.
And they'd run a two and a rowered five six seven oh five fifty.
We're pushing in here today.
We're squeezing because it's old.
It's tired.
It's boring too, by the way, which is why we can't get anybody inside of building.
You're all, look at that.
Two more models.
We got two calls left.
Let's get somebody inside of building.
What the hell is wrong with you people?
Wake them up inside the building.
Can you hear us, huh?
No.
Well, I'll talk louder.
How's that?
Please don't hang on that board.
Why?
You might actually fix some of this crap.
Piece of garbage in this man's got the hoods put to come down here.
Oh, after we built out a beautiful state of the art studio up there.
And Hank still upset.
You know, Greg, I'm going to tell you.
You can't possibly really be as dumb as you put on.
Seriously, I've never worked for anybody.
Who even Stanley Cohen, who is a really dumb man, even Stanley Cohen, was a genius compared to the performance this guy puts on when it comes down here.
And he always has that kind of like confused like, you know, like like Al Martino and a godfather.
What should I do?
What should I do?
That kind of look on this space, you know?
And the reason he's saying that, and what should he do is because quite frankly, he hasn't got a clue.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile and Davey. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I heard you talking earlier about the Henry Lyons thing.
I've been in that of the car.
Yes.
You know how he got caught originally?
Tell me.
The Tampa story.
His wife, his real wife, found out about the house he had with his bimbo.
Right here.
And she set the house on fire and the cops arrested her for arson.
That's right.
I remember that.
That was a long time ago.
Yeah, that's over two years.
That's from Page Story in Tampa for over two years.
Right.
But I thought that was just cute how they finally nailed him because his wife got picked off and put always chorus and a living room and set him on fire.
Oh.
All right.
But you know, when you're still in five million, I guess you could afford to replace him.
Okay, we have one open line in Brown.
Oh, Davey.
I mean, all the brown or whatever the hell it is on at four.
I have no idea anymore.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
And what was that?
You're very much when he wants to kiss your naval.
Oh, really?
Okay.
Stick it in your rectum.
Okay.
One call left on the board.
Board is the word.
Baby, that's me.
I'm bored with this.
I'm proud.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You've life is so bad at that radio station.
What's the problem?
Why don't you leave?
Because there's a lot of money.
That's why.
They're wrong.
They're wrong?
For paying you that money.
Then why are you listening?
If the show, if I'm not worth that money, why are you listening?
Because you're wanting so much, it goes over to the other station.
Oh, I wine.
It's a, it's a header-dine wine.
All right.
I love the dye.
Next one, job, sir.
See how originally people are.
It's like the guy that called before that started this.
And now there's a run on these calls.
Now they got the run.
All over the place.
Like the one I called immediately.
With a very bad material about I'm boring because all the calls are mobile.
Just one after another after another.
Yes, another radio accident.
You're so bad and you're so boring and you're whining all over the dial.
And I'll take the check.
Thank you.
We have an open line in date.
All three and Broward.
Broward died on a five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty.
Maybe they all moved to Oakland Park where the motto is we just don't give a crap.
We don't care.
pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in the in fact,
oh, we do have a lady at the house.
Thank God.
And I'm building.
Here's a mobile and cover rage.
Hello.
Hello, back down.
Yes.
Hey, Neil.
I just wanted to talk to you.
I know it's not a sports station, but I had to talk to you about one thing and get your tinny on.
What about these guys?
Unless it took the first team.
Everyone's no longer on.
What about these guys that they're talking about these?
Multi multi million dollar basketball players.
And they're so amazed that they come in and shape.
I mean, they get ten million dollars a year.
Yeah.
And they're amazed that they come to ready to play and then shape.
Yeah.
It's like, you know, what's the deal?
I mean, they're paid for a full year.
They're getting paid astronomical amount of money and they can't even come back and shape.
Yeah.
That's ridiculous.
That's like you are becoming a work not prepared.
No, what's more ridiculous though is that people would care about that.
See, after these guys were making all this money, slept in public in the face.
Exactly.
And they come within like an inch of having the season canceled and they say, oh no, we think we'll take the money.
Thank you.
And then there are people actually who will show up.
That's what's astonishing.
That's what's...
That's what the fact that people care whether they're in shape or out of shape.
Who cares about that?
The fact that people actually will care and lend their tangible support again and shell out the big bucks to go see guys.
They don't care about them.
Not me, Neil.
I'm with you, man.
And at the NBA sucks, I wish I would cancel a whole damn season.
Exactly.
But then what's that worst team we've been talking about?
I don't know, Goldie's voice, maybe.
Have a great day, pal.
Yeah, that's something that needs some work to be in shape.
I keep thinking every time I hear that voice, I think of myself in the smallest markets.
I worked in some teeny tiny little places in some nooks and crannies.
Albee and Michigan, Marshall Michigan, Sturgis Michigan.
I worked in radio and those markets.
I am using a term market.
Even supermarkets there are that are bigger than those places.
And even in those places, would they have put someone with a voice like that on the air?
No.
Not a chance.
Not a chance in hell.
None.
You know what I mean?
Lenny Martez sounds like Walter Cronkite compared to that sound.
Seriously.
Robert The Grim Reaper.
Robert Yine sounds like Westbrook Van Voorhees, compared to that sound.
I'm serious.
Two open lines are day one and powered, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
It's 4 minutes still new, and Q-A-M.
and this was the Singano Padera Quad.
When I was apostles , and I pull down the road because I was billed.
We're liquor induced.
I'm a friend of bill.
Oh, right.
And fellow with your skin.
Your friends are under the
proof.
Your business.
I'm clear.
Because you're sharing a beer
with a woman who's ever too.
She was a friend of whom they want
to give it to us.
Give it 12 cents, give it 13, maybe more.
Tannabra's something off my shoulder.
Turn out it was a floor.
Won't you give it 12 cents, give it 12 cents,
give it 13, maybe more.
Okay.
I'm getting real tired of
it.
Okay.
I'm going to say it's a level one
at five sixty WCM, the Georgia
Rodriguez show of twelve thirty.
I mean one thirty.
How about twelve thirty at one thirty
and then we got to hang from two to
six. We got boogs, shall be six to ten.
The first two hours talking baseball,
which I still can't figure out why.
But then the last two hours talk another.
And then the 10 o'clock head gambling for your chronic gamblers out there.
Open line of dates, 600 and groward, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound, 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's a lady in Miami, not on a mobile.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi.
Hey, I wanted to call you, because I'm not on a mobile.
Yeah.
And I'm a lady, and you're not giving away anything today.
And that we listen to you.
We just don't always call.
Uh-huh.
And I saw Ron Jeremy, a picture of Ron Jeremy, yesterday.
God.
Jesus.
You know what I hear?
You're talking about him all the time.
I had no idea who he was.
And I've seen him in films before, but, uh, I mean, you know, of course.
But, um, I just didn't know who he was.
That guy is disgusting.
Al Goldstein hangs around with him, because then Al doesn't look so bad about some
person who always stays right next to him.
Is Al Goldstein, he's the guy from Screw Magazine.
Right.
He was on the show also.
It was this show about Heidi Fleiss last night.
Right.
It was on an entertainment television.
And, uh, so I got, uh, I got Heidi Fleiss, Ron Jeremy, Al Goldstein, all in one show.
Wow.
Once every wide screen TV like I do.
Have a great day, sweetheart.
All right.
I love you.
Hey, my chef's salad's on the way.
Okay.
Bye-bye.
Two open lines that date one and brown.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on the mobile one line.
See, I've never been able to understand that.
Why would anybody?
Anybody?
I mean, more power to him, guys like Randy West and, uh, Ron
Jeremy, but why would anybody want to see ugly people naked?
Much less having sex, just seeing them naked like that video that Al sent us with him
in Ron Jeremy.
I mean, I'm going to tell you something you have never, ever felt an urge to vomit as
strongly as putting that video in the VCR and look at it, Ron Jeremy and Al Goldstein
side by side naked.
Oh, my God.
And Al with his fake member.
Is that what that was?
Yeah, you can't see his real one.
I'm sure that and don't want to either.
He had a fake penis.
Yes.
Al Goldstein has got a fake penis.
Oh, my God.
You're looking for glory holes.
Yeah, maybe that's what he's using it for.
Two open lines and date five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on the mobile one line.
Maybe we can hook him up with tempest storm because you used to have a fake.
Here's a mobile in North Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
OK, sir.
I just want to let you know that these people, these people are calling complain.
They really have no idea what talk to him radio is about.
Really appreciate you being there.
And of course, there's no fact in the church.
They're in the temple.
Yeah.
And that's it.
OK, and have a great day.
Zach is a happy poor.
Open line and Broward to and date five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on the mobile
one line.
How do you like that?
The I'mesting the guy was talking about, which I wasn't paying much attention to.
Quite frankly, it's boring.
But it was a bit.
It was a comedy bed.
It was sick.
And this guy took it seriously.
I mean, how could you take anything seriously?
I mean, I'm a show anyway.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
No, it's a.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, I'm another one of your Facebook police officers who listen to you every day.
But I don't deny that I listen to you.
Listen, you know, all those people that complain about you and all that.
They're all a bunch of liars because if they didn't like you, then why do they know
all everything you say on the show?
Oh, but they only listen in little bits and pieces, little dribs and drabs.
And then they kind of tie it all together.
You know, I laugh so hard because it reminds me of Um, Um, Um, Um, and when you go to all
these doctors and there's a whole bunch of juvenile laser, right?
And all I do is talk bad about the Christina show, right?
But they know everything that goes on in the Christina show.
So obviously they're watching it.
No, that she's all shut up.
You bad.
But anyway, I just want to do know that, um, we love you.
My husband is also a police officer and we hear you every.
A lot of fork in that house.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And who will you to top it off?
OK, have a great day, sweetheart.
You too.
Bye.
OK, open line and Broward 400 and date 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in the mirror.
Mar hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Oh, I just wanted to say I love the show.
I've been listening all the time.
One of the agree with the guy who called before about the NBA because as far as I'm concerned,
it could just close for the year or for next year or two.
I think it's totally ridiculous.
I mean, there must be a lot of people in this country with no lives at all.
I mean, we're just bored to tears.
The notion that they would go out and subsidize that crap after these guys slapped them in
the plus.
They jerked them around, slapped them in the face, a wound of almost canceling the season.
They're making more money than God and they're ready to walk out because they're not making
enough.
And the people come out and subsidize that.
They need mental health.
Absolutely.
You're absolutely right.
I mean, I probably in a year would go to a couple of games down there because someone
gives me free tickets and I doubt I'd even do that this year.
Now with the pleasure of staying in Broward and going to the Mac Arena, the idea of going
down to see the heat all the way and downtown Miami and parking and schlepping is complete.
And plus on top of what they did, like you say, this slap in the face.
And I just want to go see the hot here probably watch the heat on the whole.
I guess there are a lot of people out there that like a good freak show.
I must be it.
Have a great day, pal.
Thanks you, Sue.
Open line of Broward, all three in date is we switch back and forth and back and forth
and try to build a little momentum here today.
No.
A little bit of something.
No.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10, 5, 6, 10.
By the way, they're doing it behind closed doors and the deliberations too.
The Senate will be doing it behind closed doors.
You're not going to see.
And thank God, like I told the guy earlier, because then instead of posturing for the TV audience,
they'll like be real quick and say, but it'll be better, but that'll be it next.
And by Thursday we can have the final vote and then we can have a party in our pants to
get this over with.
And that one guy that calls us all the time, that won the right wing asshole, oh, Ken Starer's
God, that guy.
Then what else are you going to do to himself?
Probably.
It's like when the OJ trial ended.
There were millions of people in this country who finally discovered that they had a little
bit of a problem.
As soon as the OJ trial was over and no longer on television, they were all looking in the
mirror saying, I have no life.
Right.
That was like a substitute life for millions of people, including housewives in this country.
Day after day after day rhymes with OJ, which just wouldn't go away as an oil.
Hey.
Eight minutes past noon at QAM.
I have no foreskin.
All right, ladies and gentlemen, gather around the band and ready on the count of three.
One, two, three.
One, two, three.
One, two, three.
One, two, three.
One, two, three.
One, two, three.
One, two, three.
One, two, three.
One, two, three.
One, two, three.
One, two, three.
One, two, three.
One, two, three.
One, two, three.
One, two, three.
One, two, three.
We declare to all old women that we will get in our ways.
Our houses are all hung up in our back to the resort for them.
We make our choices early as to who we'll push forward.
And we pay to you, we call the games, because I'm sure it's been so much.
We will gather soon and they will sing together for the millions of cars.
Excuse me, soldier.
Are you from Rotor-Rooter or just happened to say me?
Cuff 13 at 5.60 WQAM.
We got a call on the board.
That's it.
Deadly, deadly Tuesday.
And we got lots of people in a building.
That's what we want.
People inside in a house, in a pup tent, in an arophage, somewhere inside.
You know, we talked about that before.
That on this radio station, like a thousand times more than ever on IOD, 99% of the calls are mobile calls.
So I think that guy had a good point, even though he was a major asshole.
I think that was a good point.
Why is it that people inside do not call, not just a show, but this radio station.
You listen to any of the shows on this station.
Here's Joe on a mobile.
Here's Schmendor kind of, whatever.
Nobody inside a building calls this radio station, like I said before, probably because most of them can't hear it.
How about now?
5.670560.560 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
Yeah, I've got two questions about the panthers.
What do you think is wrong with their defense?
I see complete defensive breakdowns every game and it's not being corrected.
They start my second question.
What do you mean what do I think is wrong with their defense?
Well, what?
Somewhere along the line, there's got to be something wrong because they keep making the same mistakes over and over and over again.
They continually let the opposing teams offensive players behind both defensive men.
And Burke can only stop so many breakaways before he starts giving them up.
My second thing about the panthers is, Melanie, what is he doing on the ice skating around three forces of time with a stick stuck up in the air and tiptoeing all over the ice?
I mean, we've got to have something better than him to go out there.
You mean like Kirk Muller and your hand Garper Law?
I don't understand.
At least Melanie goes out there and at times makes something happen.
Muller makes nothing happen.
Garper Law makes nothing happen.
This team has got too many stiffs on it.
That's the problem with this team.
And then I told you that a year ago, nobody wanted to hear it then.
This team didn't suffer from a lack of chemistry or from being a disgruntled goalie last year.
They suffered from lack of talent.
And even with Pavel Burry on the team now, you know, you take him and Dean a lot of the line up last night.
How many goal scores do you have left in the game?
And even with the guys that haven't been scoring lately, like Cosloven, a miracle of all miracles, Peter Worell.
Guys that have been scoring score for goals last night and they still wind up losing the game.
And why did they lose the game?
Because they lost the game because they have no defense.
The defense is terrible.
They got Terry Kirkner made a great play block at a shot and gave him credit last night.
He saved a shoe or a goal and I scored Terry.
But other than that, man, they were pathetic.
Brett Hediken was awful.
This Yaroslaw spot check, I call him Sissy Spasick, was pathetic.
How this man can be playing, I have no idea.
And again, I lay it right back at the foot of the coach.
So far with all the talk and all the hoopla,
Terry Murray has shown me nothing since he's been here.
Absolutely nothing.
I agree with you.
I mean, if you think he'd be able to get about the fact that games that they should have won,
like they were had three won in Carolina, games that they should have won, they didn't.
Hey, how can a coach put out Chris Wells, two key faceoffs?
You've poured your goalie.
You're trying to tie it in the last 40, 50 seconds of the game.
Two key faceoffs in the offensive.
And he puts Chris Wells out to take the faceoff who hasn't played an NHL game and how long?
You're going to have, and lose the both faceoffs, and the puck is down the ice and a heartbeat.
Well, you answered my question, and I sort of agree with it.
I think it lies with the coach, and I also think it lies with the general manager,
because he's letting him get away with it.
And as far as listeners not hearing you in buildings,
I'm in a building that I cannot get your radio station inside of.
So I don't know if it's the signal or what,
but I can't listen to you inside unless I'm in my car.
So I would go straight in.
Thanks for the good news.
Okay, we have an open line in Broward, all three in date.
I'm going to talk as loud as I can, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
They can't hear us inside the building.
That's the wonders of being on AEM, right?
That's part of it.
There he goes, complaining again.
Here's Drrfield B.
Hello.
How you doing?
Okay, sir.
Well, I'm in a building, and I can get you out of here.
You are the only station I can pick up in this building.
Good. That's probably where you're listening.
I went out and tried the Emerald Coast the other night,
and boy, was I happy.
Yeah.
I just wanted to call him, thank you.
I plunged like I've never plunged before.
They placed a big odd, man, just fast.
We're about a day or two, and go in there and go nuts.
That was it.
I'm all out of material.
Okay, and have a great day.
God bless you, sir.
There's a guy in a building who, uh,
he said that the Emerald Coast, that's a good step in the right direction.
Don't have nothing to say, but at least he's in a building.
And we're the only station here.
Let's move on our, all the people in South Florida into his building.
We're in a some building where he could pick this damn thing up.
Why might even ask any stupid questions?
I know why we don't get too many calls on this station from people inside buildings,
because it's that, it's that, it's that,
that, and death nail.
And especially on a station with a,
although I'll tell you one thing, the signal outside of town is great.
All over the southern part of the state, outside of town.
In town, not too good.
Look, on 441, we ever get that straightened down.
Oh, no.
It must be the engineer's fault again, you know what?
Couldn't be Greg Reads fault.
Couldn't be the fact that these people talking to the game.
Oh, well, you know, we can go 50,000 watts.
See, when he promised me all these things, when he brought me over here,
I should have just left.
Okay, just tell me about the money.
Don't make all these other promises, okay?
Because it's all about the bullcrap.
Here's sunrise.
Hello?
Sunrise.
How about punching the button would be good.
Okay, let's try sunrise now.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'm a state.
I'm going to build a list to you every morning.
All right.
I'm not a fact.
I'm in the house.
You're in a house?
Yeah.
You're in like a real house in your list thing?
Oh, right.
You're the first one.
That's the only way I can heal you.
I get it in my car.
I can't heal you.
Yeah.
Well, you can't have it both ways.
You know that old cliche.
You can't have it both ways.
Yeah.
Well, once I get the work, I can't heal you at work.
Yeah.
I'm the one who I can heal you in the house.
Well, stay home.
That's my best advice.
That's the best way to do it.
I have a great day.
All right.
There is a man listing in a house, taking a survey.
How about how about some of the homeless people under the overpass,
over the underpass?
Let's hear from some of them with their transistor radios in their cell phones.
Don't homeless people all have cell phones?
Of course they do.
It's the American way, baby.
Everybody in their brother's got a cell phone stuck to their rear now.
Even shleppers have cell phones.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Look at this.
Mobile and mobile and mobile.
Not that I'm complaining.
And we'll take all the mobile.
You got.
But now that I've brought it to our attention again, I think it's a very,
very serious problem that our general manager ought to be doing something about.
As opposed to defending the defenseless and pretending that it was the engineers fall
if the dog done it, somebody else.
He's up on the floor up there.
It was all goes back to the top.
And all goes right back to it.
By the way, did it show up to work today?
Huh? You don't know?
Why don't you call somebody upstairs and find out?
Call somebody's returning my call.
Most of us around here don't like you.
Yeah, there you go.
Here's a mobile.
Maybe that's the message.
Mobile and sunrise.
Hello?
Let me talk about Murray.
I'm going to fill it up here.
You know you're the K?
Part of a coach.
Yeah.
He has no emotion whatsoever.
You're talking about fire.
That's why he got fired.
Yeah.
What do you think of that?
I think that Eric Lindross hated him like poison.
And by the way, even with a boring guy like Roger Nielsen,
look how the fliers are doing now, by the way.
First place, baby.
How do you like that?
I love it.
Haven't lost the game since before a foster hero was a baby.
That's right.
Okay.
Have a great life.
Well, I just am not sold.
You know, like I said, I met the guy.
I gave him a chance.
I didn't hold the fact that he was Brian Murray's brother against him.
I met him a second time at the arena before the season started.
He seemed like a reasonable guy.
Although he scared me with a couple of things that he said.
And then I realized now I know why he scared me.
And then of course he started getting into his big, you know.
Wow.
You know, you're going to be benched because you show up two minutes later practice.
And that kind of ding dong school he was doing.
I just don't think that you can treat professional athletes like five-year-old children
and really get the most out of them.
I couldn't be wrong.
I just don't think that works too well.
But when I saw last night his usage of personnel there in the end of the game
when you're desperately scrambling to tie up the game.
I mean, you got Robbie who if nothing else and did score a goal last night,
I'll always find a nice pass there, Ray.
But I mean, here's the guy who wins most of his face-offs.
He's a good job.
He's the best kind of team winning the important face-offs.
Robbie, number 44.
There's something he could do, okay?
But does he put him in front of the net?
I mean, does he put him on a face-off?
No.
He sticks him in front of the net and his rationale would be,
well, we want to get our snipers out there in front of the goal.
You got to win the face-off.
First, Dumbbell.
Chris Wells.
I feel sorry for Chris Wells.
I'm not going to get on that kick again, okay?
Now that he's back, I feel sorry for him.
He's kind of, you know, puts him into a situation last night,
undue pressure there and in a position he shouldn't have been in the first place.
Setting him up for failure.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil.
I want to talk to you about Burry's contract.
Hello.
I'm here. I'm listening.
What's the difference to paying him 10 million or Gary Sheffield 10 million
when he's in his own both teams?
How do you mean you want to?
How do you justify paying him 10 million and you can't pay Gary Sheffield or somebody else the same money?
Because Gary Sheffield was a stiff and had a crappy attitude.
It was a piece of crap. Burry's only been here a couple of weeks.
Yeah. I'm on favor of paying him the money, but I don't understand his rationale.
How he can pay his right.
His rationale has got to be that first of all he's got the big new arena that was built for him.
He's got the capacity to even even with the increased payroll now to still make a hell of a lot of his money back on a hockey team.
Where is the big?
You think that's going to last past this year?
You think that the arena is going to be filled every game?
Not if they don't make the playoffs.
I mean, we had thousands of empty seats there last night.
But he committed to a five-year contract.
Well, wait, so at least the kiss to ground for that.
Thank God we got something to look forward to.
Don't look at gift horse in the butt.
No, I love it.
Okay, pal.
I mean, Gary Sheffield, we all know about him.
He's an asshole.
Exactly.
But see, again, it's that creative financing.
Nobody really knows how much did he make?
How much did he lose?
The real thing with that Marlon business?
Nobody will ever really know.
All we know is that he doesn't own it anymore.
And this guy, John Henry, owns it now.
And some of the people, by the way, that are kissing his butt one minute, turning around the next minute saying,
oh, look what they didn't send to you.
Oh, how they screwed the fans over there after they got him to build a new state,
even they blew up most of the team.
Now some of those people that have been kissing John Henry's ass all over the place are saying,
well, we don't want to get stuck in that here.
Which I would agree with that last part, but I just don't understand it.
I don't get it.
I mean, I realize we're in a very delicate predicament here since this is your Marlon station.
Wow!
Open line of date, five, six, seven, oh five, 60 and pound five, 60 on the mobile one line.
Oh, God.
There it is.
There it is.
There's something in here.
This is a goddamn sick building.
They just had the EPA thing on 60 minutes, Greg.
Why don't you call in up somebody to do something about that instead of trying to tell us how the end of the dog done it.
Here's Bal Harbor.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Okay, sir.
I've been looking to you since I was 16 years old.
Yes.
And now I'm 27.
And I was just wondering because I know that you say you don't ever really endorse people unless, you know,
unless I'm a little nervous, sorry about that.
And let's, let's you see something about them.
And the only reason I ask you is because I was in a career crisis here.
Yeah.
I want to change careers.
I was just wondering, you do an ad for a fast train.
Right.
Do you know if that's any good?
I mean, do you know if anybody actually is graduating and made any money after they graduated?
Of course.
Anybody that is ever great, this is one of those phony broadcasts.
Yeah, you know, I was thinking that's like ATI kind of crap and all that.
I was thinking, now I've never do, but since I heard you say something about just curious, because you know,
I know you don't endorse something unless you believe in it.
Right.
Okay.
181-877-98 train.
I wrote it down online.
I'm a, I'm a, I, I, Neil.
Yeah.
I work in Bell Harbor and I can't get you on my building, but my coworker is taking me because I, I still leave this back.
I still live in to you anyways.
Oh.
Thanks for the good news.
Good luck.
Cheers.
Okay.
Two open lines and day five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60.
I'm going to be on the mobile one line.
Now we're to go here.
I think I'll make it.
Then I'm going back to the doctor again.
I'm just, you know, something, I may just go to the doctor every day.
Cheers, man.
It may take off like a half hour, go to the doctor every day.
And now that's totally the same doctor, just a different doctor every day until I get rid of this.
I'm just, I mean, the rash is a little bit better and I'm feeling like right now better than I was about 930.
But it comes and it goes and it's here and it's there.
And I got other stuff that's starting that wasn't there before.
It gets real old and talk about old and stale.
It gets ancient.
How about somebody that says, ah, here's what it is.
Here's what we're going to do about it.
How about even this?
Okay.
Put you out of your misery.
Something.
1226 and 560 QAM.
Ray Whitney has a pair.
All right, ladies and gentlemen.
I'm just going to play that for you.
I'm like, I have a conversation here with George about other stuff and I'm not paying any attention.
If you notice that, I'm not paying any attention.
I'm really not.
Because we're preoccupied with the other stuff that's going on around here.
With some of the strange things that are going on upstairs where they're hiring.
All of these things.
Come off the street.
But I guess some of these things, ah, maybe he just couldn't find a different sports jacket.
We have an open line at date.
56670560.
Or maybe it just wasn't that day.
56670560 and 0.560 on the mobile one line.
I mean, seriously, you have to be mentally deficient to say.
I mean, I'm not going to be.
Because some of these people are wondering this building.
I mean, how is it possible unless they're just doing it out of spite?
Here's a mobile in Port Saint Lucy.
Hello.
Mobile in Port Saint Lucy.
Going once.
Going twice.
Nice hearing from you.
Open line at date.
One and Broward.
56670560.
0.560 on the mobile one line.
Let's do that again.
All right, ladies.
Okay, thank you.
Here's Tampa.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Listening in a building.
In a building in Tampa, but on the audio net.
You got it.
Okay.
Long time with their first time call.
Maybe some of the local people better fire up their computers.
At least they can hear us inside on the audio net.
Yeah, it wouldn't have to worry about radio reception then, would they?
Right.
But, and as far as the people down there think that hockey is a problem,
it's terminal here beyond all belief.
Yes.
Monsters, you have no team.
No team, no team.
Now it's less right.
And we are a bastion of castaways.
And we are just waiting to pick up somebody else's garbage.
And I guess that's all I had to say.
Why do you got that stuff on, Richard?
That damn back up.
Yeah, he can't stand up.
Yeah.
Yeah, one minute.
He's with the team.
The next minute he's not.
Yeah, well.
Maybe you'll find a boyfriend out of town.
Well, the talk is they're trying to get rid of a top player to pick up some back up
going away from Dallas to a wreck or something.
Yeah.
And they want to cough up.
They want to cough up.
I don't know.
Probably be stupidly stupidly stupidly.
At this point, it doesn't really make any difference.
At this point, they're going to have to like disband.
They're going to have to like trade away window Clark and Rob Xameter.
Anybody that they've got that anybody wants, they're going to have to like go back to the youth movement.
It's going to be another four or five years before they put that franchise back together again.
And we have Phil really messed up.
And the worst news by the way that I'm reading is that Phil Esposito has got a group now.
They want to come back and buy the team.
Well, our Williams is supposedly looking for an equity partner because I guess he got it all over his head too.
Yeah.
But the last thing you want back is Phil Esposito, sir.
Oh, without a doubt.
That's how we are as horrible as we are today.
Yeah. Well, good luck, pal.
Thank you, sir.
Guys, we'll need it.
All right.
Okay, poor Tampa Bay.
You know, we usually don't sympathize with those poor bastards over there too much, but wow.
You think we got problems here?
Poor Tampa Bay bucket here.
I mean, lightning, whatever lightweight.
Tampa.
Exactly.
Open line of day five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
So, you know, I'm out here from California and I'm listening to you yesterday driving down ninety five.
I take the five ninety five and before the split five lanes in one direction.
Yeah.
So, women in front of me start slowing down real fast.
I'm going sixty five.
We start slowing down real fast.
I mean, we're speeding up a little slow.
Yeah.
Thirty.
Like, and I'm hitting the brakes.
Next thing she swirves out of the way and I'm facing a pickup truck on the wrong way at me.
Uh-huh.
I hit the brakes.
We're just missed this guy and I look and he's sitting there to truck is still.
He's sitting on the truck staring straight ahead going the wrong way.
Yeah.
Scared the living.
Oh, yeah.
Second thing.
Well, welcome to Florida.
Yeah.
Second, the, uh, I don't know anyone mentioned the, um, Lawrence Taylor sideline thing that Bimbo did at the pro bowl games one day.
No.
Uh, probably not probably because nobody watched the pro bowl.
Not if they had a brain or life.
Fortunately, how could anybody watch the pro bowl?
Well, you know, the, uh, these are guys that never want to give up and somebody should tell them guess what the Super Bowl.
It's all over after that point.
Nobody cares anymore, but they just insist they just got just one more game.
Please just one more.
Well, check this out after this little sideline with Taylor, Alan and Dan are going, oh, yeah, the other guy, you know, I met him off the field.
Bop, bop, and they asked boomer.
Have you ever, uh, ever met that guy?
Ever said, you know, I couldn't understand a word.
He was saying in that interview.
So it was gibberish.
Yeah.
I mean, he was like still on the crack stuff.
Too bad.
Okay, thanks for the good news and, uh, like I said, welcome to Florida.
So what was he saying?
Oh, that wasn't it.
What the was he saying?
Oh, man, it's just a different news.
That's everything bad because I'm just, I'm, my fingers all over the place right now.
I'm just to have a little bit of a problem.
Well, you know, it's a little instale.
Two open lines, the day one and Broward, five six seven, oh five, 60,
pound five, 60 on the mobile one line.
Anybody inside a building somewhere going to talk to us today, huh?
Anybody?
No.
Anybody can hear us inside a building?
No.
Yeah, I shouldn't be doing that because, uh, 99% of the cause we get on mobile.
Now we'll scare today and mobile people away.
Do we want to do that?
No.
God forbid we should do that.
We got a business.
So mind your own business.
Okay, punk with your mobile crap.
Here's a Pemberpine.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
I'm in my house and I can even hear you in my class at college.
Oh my God.
So I mean, hey, I can hear you perfectly.
What more could you want in life?
Just a couple of quick things.
I know you say they're fagged in the church and I believe you 100%.
I went to a Catholic high school in Hollywood and it was run by the brothers, the Marienist brothers.
Yeah.
They're the biggest bunch of homos I've ever seen.
Catholic Church is the only place where the brothers and the sisters are the same people.
Yeah, they're the biggest bunch of homos I've ever seen.
Right.
And I know why the Macarena is so loud.
There's a fact in the church.
Yeah.
You say there's nobody alive in sunrise.
I believe you.
I think they're trying to wake the dead.
It ain't working, pal.
Uh, you can.
If you ever drove in sunrise lakes, believe me, it's not working.
There's nobody alive there.
Yeah.
Can I call somebody a douchebag?
Yes.
John Roberts, you're a douchebag.
Okay, pal.
Thank you.
Seeing sunrise lakes were even the old people.
Oh, wow.
You ever drive through there?
There's that thing called sunrise lakes Boulevard.
You know, oh, boy.
Wow.
Hey, our friend from California, they called a couple of calls ago.
Now that we've indoctrinated and initiated, you would stop Florida driving.
Now really take your life in your hands.
Start out right now, drive over to Hellendale Beach Boulevard.
Drive east over to the beach.
Then turn around and go back once you're through all that construction about three hours.
And then go back over into the drive up north through a sunrise.
And try your luck at sunrise lakes Boulevard.
Try your luck weaving your way through that road there.
That goes through the whole complex.
And if you survive that, call us tomorrow.
Sunrise lakes.
The only state in America where dead people still have a driver's license and are still driving around.
Yes.
The worst.
Today, there he goes again.
It's old and stale.
See, it's not me that's old and stale.
It's the population here that's old and stale.
You could smell them 50 miles away.
It's either the goddamn naval inter the philosophy bags running over one of the other or both.
I mean, I shouldn't, I shouldn't, it's old and stale.
You're right.
So, certainly when I drive around here and you look to your left and you're looking to your right,
you're looking at the other people that are out there driving on the road.
Because I look around and I think to myself, okay, how many of these people could possibly listen to my show?
You know what I'm saying?
How many of these people could I possibly be reaching?
And I look around and I see so many bizarre.
I mean, it's like a undetermined origin.
I don't even know if I can put my finger on it and I certainly wouldn't want to.
I mean, I just can't describe where do they come from?
What are they?
What is their story?
Do they have a story?
And then about every hundred cars of Aini,
somebody gave me the thumbs up or flipped me the bird with something.
Hey, great.
And then the next 99 cars again, it's that same.
And I keep wondering where in God's name do all of these things come from.
21 to 1 at 560 WKYM.
I want to bang the end of the butt, honey.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, right.
Were you first back then?
Well, he don't know where a stove goes.
I can see how there was some confusion between humor door and humid horror.
Huh?
Me, sir, honey.
Now, listen, he was working hard late nights in the over-earthest,
working on a practical joke.
He took my canudo for an exploding,
loading for a mine of cars was blowing rings a smoke.
Oh!
Oh!
Ha, ha, ha!
Oh, right.
Oh, right.
Oh, right.
Oh, right.
Oh, right.
Oh, right.
Oh, right.
Oh, right.
Oh, right.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
946 and 560 WKYM.
So, you know, who we haven't heard anything about in a long time.
Is she still on the year, do we, no?
No, we have any idea. No, she is still on here. Yes. What would you know if there's like I mean Rick and suds
Like a guy before me to come in about Rick and suds which I would listen to them
But I don't want to hear what Rick talking about the stock market place
But do we ever get any comment on?
No, she's been talking about cookies a lot lately
It's in eating them
So talking about fat people blowing up like a whole oh, by the way speaking of over there
Guess who's doing the news on the Rick and suds show in the morning one of your favorite people John for it. Yeah
I heard it
You lose John
Goes from the morning show host to the morning news guy
Wow nice go at Pete boulder. He's got a he's got an asperer talent that Pete doesn't he
Here's Miami. Hello
You know how you doing okay sir? Sorry, I'm surprised. I called you last week. I told you my birthday. I was going to outback and I
I went to go into outback stay count
And I mentioned chocolate thunder from down under and you made all those diarrhea sounds
Which I thought was really funny, but it wasn't funny when I wanted to practice after finishing it after 10 minutes after finishing dessert
I was on the road going to have Ventura. Yeah, and
There was a chocolate thunder from down under you better
I was you know, I was dying. I was dying and finally, you know, I mean did you actually
Release it or just no no no it was rumbling. It was it was pushing and we all get out
We've all had the rumbling, but only a very few select. Oh, no actually done a deed. Oh no, not at all
Seriously when your options become limited. Okay. I mean it's in its nature
It's something that we can't control the Lord works in the serious ways when your options are you when you run out of options
There you go like the dentist at open wide
Well, not in the car. Well, well finally I managed to find a bathroom and as I was sitting on top
Fat food joints thank god. We got so many that's the only thing we're good for is the key room
And I was thinking I was saying I must have angered the Neil God because he was exactly right and now I know
Chocolate thunder from down under
But being complete more and I probably do it again
Because I'm a glutton for fun. But didn't you read what it says on the menu with the outback under chocolate?
Thunder from down under it says go make a shit
Absolutely
The other quick thing Neil is the the thing about the swingers room. Yeah, you know
You got a bunch of old people that that are picked off for two reasons. Number one, you know
Yeah, absolutely and number two they're completely and I know this is they're completely bored and you know it's not
Well, you can you can take boredom to such an extreme that you ruin other people's lives right and when there's nothing to do
It's like a woman that was telling this story about her dog behind me at the hockey game last night and I'm and again
It was irritating because he was talking so loud and the story was all that exciting
But I do sympathize with her because he's evidently got a neighbor who's a yenta and look at a creative problem
I mean, it's her day the private club. They're not hurting anybody. You know, it's
Lim alone. That's that's you know, it's just annoying, but hey
You better understand though with old people down here. Most of them have got nothing to do
Absolutely, I don't want to mention my mother, but they take a little minute thing
And they magnify them into big crises and a big song of the death. Oh, I'm not losing sleep over this
And I don't know what I'm gonna do and and you narrow it down to such a miniscule thing
You have to occupy them. You have to let make them I don't know get on the computer or something
Have them do some haven't have them think they have some purpose in life because they don't watch them
These things from people like your mother you're the more the terms nursing homes start entering your mind real rapidly understand
Nursing home. I keep standing at to myself over and over again
Kind of great day. Thank you. I don't do with it again
Have an open line doesn't that sound interesting nursing home course. I'm gonna be pretty expensive
But then there's probably something you know like real low-rentice their kinds that are real inexpensive
kind of like
Where they be the people like the cook was nest. Yeah
For the jack Nicholson's of the world are like hanging out mr. McMurphy
Because you know all I have to do is here one more time about that
Cottessilda my will and about my mother's condo that I bought for her and about how she's losing sleep at night and the itching and scratching because her nerves see
If I had nothing going on in my life at all and I had all day and that that was the worst the most important thing
I had on my mind. I'd feel like life was great
If that was the most impressing matter on my mind is what am I going to get a sheet of paper that she knows is already done move anyway
But to use it as an excuse it's creating something to occupy to make something out of when there's not too much there
Nursing home. Okay, we have an open line of data five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line
Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yeah, sir
You know, okay, the guy called before about about he was trying to change his career whatever and you mentioned something about
Broadcasting schools. Are they really a scam really straight up? Most of them. Yeah, really?
Okay, I think they probably would take Yelda in a broadcasting school. So what is that?
Most of Marful of crap the five sixty broadcast exactly. There you go. All right. That's all I add. Okay, I got somebody to do sure
Okay, okay, and as x-lybona squint your dust bags. Okay
Ha ha ha ha ha ha and I still can't envision them doing it, you know
I mean there's a lot of people who can't envision doing much of anything, but those two I'm sorry
She just had the gigantic hooters from what he said and a big shapely rectum who is what he told us
Open line of day one and powered five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile line
That's like that's why the angle guys like the a Cuban chicks because they got a big shapely rectum
Here's sunrise hello
Yeah
Yes, the problem is not that they can drive the problem is that more of them than can drive
vote oh
Yeah, so I mean, you know, you want a problem
Yeah, we need to go to districts in this county and we need to
Emission the influence of those
Crypto-minium dwellers. How about that term nursing home though comes in handy again
It starts to pop it into my head as soon as you mentioned sunrise lakes. I think of a big nursing home sounds better
It's true
Yes, high zango offers academic secrets of his success. Oh
And the yeah, they've got a they've got a quote they pulled out of it on the
public without even really try and hard
Focus on from higher good people entrepreneur says uh-huh
All I want to know is that doesn't have the long list of all the Jews that work for Wayne by the way and
What I want to know is what evenism for enforcement to use
I mean what do you call it to a pito in in a modern corporation?
Yeah, you know
You have people persuaded to buy your product
Okay, I'm going to get a little bit a little bit too emotional about it
We have an open line and Broward to and date five six seven oh five sixty calm five sixty animal
While I'm you're getting all antsy about your costello. I can see that he'll be here. It's called he called
What's wrong with you? I mean gotta be here 130 what do you want to come in there a quarter of it hold your hand for 45 minutes
You know, you're like my mother again
nursing home for Cuban producers
That sounds nice. Yeah happy pills. Yeah
That'll put you to sleep for a long time kind of like the shots that Holly's getting there on guiding life
Oh, here's another shot. Of course. She got out
Everybody always gets out and they're lurking, you know everybody's lurking out there all the evil people are lurking
Alan spawning is lurking
How's hard to and by the way did he like and they could come back? I must have missed that
Do you only show an American oh look are we got here speaking of making a comeback?
Happy poor
That's why I called where have you been?
Fuckable
Right here sitting on my fan sitting on your fat fan what's going on between your mother and you?
What do you mean by that? We're all the aches and pains and scratching and
What maybe maybe it's sympathetic scratching she knows I have this rash even though it doesn't it's but maybe she's doing a
She's just gonna have something to correct you about what did you wish mother without having something to correct you about
Well, thank God I'm too busy
Well for you so you should call my mother and tell her to get
You know
She'd love talking to you. Yeah, I would like to call a happy poem. Yeah, if they tell her that and you know
Passover is
March 31st
Well, let's take one at a time. Okay, let's do it
I'm so poor
You gotta get your a woman's caution happy
Yeah, thank you. I'm really distraught by the way that we haven't seen our good close personal friends from that
Pastry Lane bakery yet with our real the emis the real almond
Yeah, don't ever eat those little hard ones. No, no
It's very hard to get the large ones either and my nephew's coming this Sunday from New York. He's bringing bagels
Oh my god
Yeah, bring it. Yeah, it brings a whole bag big one large thoughts bagels at terrific
Other than that
I'm doing all right. Thank God everything's fine. Yeah, and
No complaints. I just hope they get the president and other hostes also yeah
More days will be over this crap then we can come up with something new, you know
We can come up with the Tony and Martin trial or something new and exciting
So you're going to the doctor again now. I'm going in half an hour. I'm gonna get my car
I'm gonna go on up there. I'm gonna tell him look do something guy
What was I gonna do
Well, all I can say is
She said don't take any bull from him, but she didn't say he said it the other guy was trying to take one and she said it
Happy promise, sweetheart. Don't do it again. Oh
That was choice 1257 at 560 Q. It's not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon
It's national baked bean, but and we're asking what do you like about baked beans? It tastes great. They're nutritious
They make me fart a lot
They're delicious nutritious and they make you fart a lot
Yes, they're baked beans with all my parties because nothing breaks the ice like breaking wind
You're gonna do a really big one here. Listen, I like these are whole mess of beans. Let's say the dog did it
Here it comes
Ready here give me the microphone
Lots of big beans during national baked bean month. Oh, it's gonna be big
This message brought to you by the national baked bean castle fossil arm
Okay, it's a 102 at 560 WQM boy. We got it. I'm gonna start doing this every day
I think you want to do one three to two every day and it'll be like one to two and then like 1132
For the same pay of course we have an open line of day two and groward 5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's North Miami. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes, sir
I've heard a couple people today say they can't pick up your station inside their buildings to work
I came across a device in a communications radio catalog. It's a retransmitter for under 45 dollars
You put a near a window with your AM radio that will pick up your station
It retransmit it in FM within 150 foot radius
Anybody in the building can then pick it up on their FM radio
You little portable radio on their FM radio. Well, where where does it pop up on?
It pops into the earphone jack of an AM radio like a G.E. Super radio. Yeah, you put by the window
Did a retransmit takes that signal and retransmit it on FM to a blank spot on the dial where you select it
Did it transmit it all over the building to 150 foot radius and anybody can pick it up? How about that and it's a lesson 45 bucks
It's a sea crane company. I could give you their number or send you a catalog
Send that to me be great. Okay. I'll do that because you get a lot more listeners that way great
We'll do it hang on you. Do you have the addresses? Yeah, I got it right here. I got the catalog in my hand
But you have the arid dress? Oh no, that's what I need. Okay hang on. I'm gonna give it to you. Thanks a lot
All right, okay, take care of him. I might actually get to one or two more listeners all I doubt it two open lines in the Broward one and date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Yeah, I need you. Yes, sir
I listen to your show because I ride around a lot in the car. I do sales for my firm and
You know the reason if I was in the office
I wouldn't be able to call in is because you know I'd have other calls or things to do
So I think a lot the guy was asking why are they all cellular? You know when you've got to wait 45 minutes
You know you kind of have to you know
I'm a captive audience and I select listening to you. I tried listening to Dr. Laura sometimes
But she just grew so many pull up and you know it's not worth listening to
But um, but I you know you can only carry so many CDs in the car and after a while you like a belt conversation and
And you know smart talk and whatnot
So I listen to you and angel and I listen to the guys preceding you and not so much because I don't really don't get out of the office
At that time, but I think that's why a lot of the calls are are mobile
I don't think you really have to do with the reception because I listen to your station when I'm in the office
It's just I you know unfortunately have other taps to do
But I wanted to tell you about this billboard. I just saw in high alia. Yeah
It said um and I'm paraphrasing it because I didn't write it down
But it says something like with ticket prices up crowd noise should go down. Can you feel it?
I mean something like the kind of
Up parody on the can you feel the heat add?
So I think you might find that interesting in your comments on the on the NBA season
Okay, I have a great life already now see you
Let me see okay one call left on the board that's not gonna last till 130. Is it is that no?
That's not gonna do it five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
Let's go. Let's get on a guy damn switch here. Okay. They're all these important things going on the Senate
Chaplain is going to prayer now
To do it. He had him off this ridiculous nonsense and he goes on and on and on and Jesus named in Maruja
Todd and not all his silly old crap
The Senate chaplain he's talking to trying to the bad thing that happened was that guy you see that got the as the pedestrian got killed
The whatever they call him the clerk that used to read the role senator by
Senator by i he was great everybody knew who's uh, yeah, he was great
Even people who are totally politically illiterate knew that guy's voice
Senator Kennedy Senator Kennedy
You know and he got the boy in his wife crossed the street on Sunday and all of a sudden
Oi dead
Mobile in Miami hello hello. Yes, sir. The guy said he listened to Dr. Laura. What's the matter with that guy?
Anyways, maybe he's a masochist. Maybe he likes here in some nasty bitch to men out
Listen, you know if you will I wanted to kind of do a little godfather talk here
Yeah, I was wondering how good is your Italian because this is one scene like you know in a godfather one the
The big wedding scene in the beginning. Yeah, where the uh, you know the other thing like that traditional Italian bomb
I don't know what it is. Yeah, you know
The hand gestures that it's something really dirty. Yeah, I look like he was gifting into something. Yeah, right
Man, I'm really really you know it's really great in the movie. I don't know what's yet to say
Play the uh the movie the movie guy
Which is named like a big producer director jack Holland jack walk
Jack was my guy is
You put in the movie you feel great like
One part I want to kind of play for you and maybe uh, I want to consider money as a car because I think it's great. Are you ready? Yeah, okay?
I don't care how many days I'll get a walk three balls go about come out of that one wasn't I'm German Irish
Something my class next time
I'm standing that's the best I don't go near have a great day. I'll see you in horse head in New York by the way
You're sure we're from there
You don't know godfather baby you got a lot in common with Frankie Penn's and his brother having to stop in for the weekend
We have an open-line in Broward to a day five six seven ads between the brothers five six seven oh five
Absolutely in top five six the only AT&T wireless line
Because a man in my position can afford to be made to look
Here's the Oakland park hello
Know what you didn't trust the button. I put my finger on it. How about on the button Oakland park hello
I've got a weak finger today. Yes, sir
Here it is the reason that you think everybody is on mobile. You ready for this? Yes
Because when you call George makes it sound like
That if you're on a mobile you're gonna get through quicker. You guys
Yes, because he says eyes that we're paying for it. I know, but this thing is the phones go dead when you're on a mobile
Right what do you mean by that? Well, if you're on a mobile for a long time on hold your your battery's gonna go bad
If you don't have a real good situation. It is of course. Well, how come how come you don't have a hold a lot of time
How come you don't put yourself on plug it out of the cigar how come you don't have one of those adapters? It'll never go dead
Huh, plug yourself on onto a cigar
Into a cigar lighter into the cigarette lighter
Okay, plug yourself into it like Monica plug your car and that's it get with it pal
He doesn't get it. He's not putting his cigar and Monica's in Uranus
We have an open line and day one and Brad fight. Would you make a cell call from your fault car without having a thing plugged in with the adapter
No, the adapter's in the glove box right the batteries weak plug it in
Even if the battery's not weak and me at least that way you know you're not gonna get the call us interruptus
Don't you think my if you if you can afford a even a schlepper like you if you can afford a cell phone you can afford an adapter
That sticks the cigar in your rectum the your phone jacket and you're a lighter thing
Just stick it in the socket man in the phone, too
They're a little slow
This is the most disgusting program. I urge everyone to complain to this station
Do you like chili really hot chili then you should try omales do really
Hot chili that's right omales do really
Hot chili is so hot it's guaranteed to burn the rough of your
mouth or your money back
From the hottest jalapeno spices and peppers after just one bite you'll say wow that's the hottest
Fucking chili I've ever tasted that's omales do really fucking hot chili from the makers of good damn good chowder and I've taken soup
Pick some up at your fucking grocery today. Remember if it's not omales
It's not that
F***ing hot
114 at 560 WQM
So anyway if you got your tv on and you're watching CNN you got the sound down like I do don't get sucked in here
Okay, because they need 67 votes. This is their voting now
I'm whether to open the deliberations or not they need 67 votes going I they need the
67 times and are they going to get it no
In fact, it's interesting 25 yes and 21 no so far
19 Democrats are voting and only one no no but Republicans seven are voting and 21 22 21 no okay
So for some strange reason the Republicans don't want to open the deliberations but the Democrats do
I just mentioned that in passing. I'm like I told the guy before I'm delighted that they're not going to do it because this will
Shorten it up in a hurry
They'll be real brief and get to the point because they won't be able to post you to the tv viewing public
But nevertheless it does strike me as very peculiar that the Republicans are voting almost all of them
And the Democrats are voting here. Let's open it up and let the people there what we got to say
32 22 very soon. They'll have the 30 year for necessary to make sure that no it don't pass
Here's a lady mobile and tempered pines hello
Hi there, Neil. Yes, man. Oh, why are you great?
First time long time okay
Okay, great. Well, give her the number for the the
To thanks for calling lady and they can say each other all day, huh? Wow
Great. Thank you sweetheart. Thanks for sharing that with us
Two open lines to date two and brown word five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the 18 T wireless line
Thank you so much. Here's a mobile informer. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir
I a lot of these are publicly considered if Clinton was in in a military that he'd be
Court marshals for adultery right? Yeah, but I served in the military I'm telling you that like 90% of the people
She that she don't ever lives or husbands who we went overseas like the Philippines and stuff like that of course
I mean, it's a big a lot of guys doing each other on a ship too in the anaple
I don't know about that. They were doing each other in the naval. Yeah. Yeah, okay. She's right on
All right, bye. Okay
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha you started out very enthusiastic and then by the time we got to the end of the
Call it was a lot kind of a different to sing a different tune
They're doing it baby. Okay, they're doing a head to break the nose to you. Okay. There's different meanings for the
That expression naval attack
I know there comes is a great shock to all you macho military guys out there. Oh, no. Yeah, okay
Because anybody with a brain knows that there's no sight in the military
We know that
One call left on the board for 13 minutes here. That's not gonna fly is it five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the AT&T line
See they won't call me and talk about that swing and think as they know you're gonna talk about it now
Just like this last guy they don't want to talk to some fag about the heterosexual couples doing each other. Yeah, what do you know?
A lot
Here's a mobile and coral springs hello. Hey first time caller long time cover much here. Let me show it. Okay
Yeah, yeah, you're my hero man. Yeah, you're my dreams. I had a dream with you in it man. Uh-huh. You were touching me. Yeah, that was a private part
No, that was a nightmare for me. Yeah
You've never seen before. You know that's a nightmare. Okay, let's go to a mobile in
Highly a sound like swishful thinking to me sir mobile and highly hello. I'm gonna be a link. Yes, sir
Hey, uh, two things um George doesn't make it sound like you're gonna get on quick away the mobile. I'm on a mobile on my dime
I don't have the the freebie connection. Yeah, and secondly
Well anybody that's on a mobile on their dime should be pushed to the top of the list. Shouldn't they George? What if they're on a mobile on their dime?
Lying and say they're on their own dime. Oh, like I said, we don't believe you. Yeah, you don't have a line that
Where's coming in on of the freebie? No, no wait. Hey listen. We're lucky. We even got a phone here. Okay. I mean
This company is so guy damn cheap. We're lucky. We even got a phone that works someday
The second thing is um, I did get through quick, but um
I used to call it work when I was in the office
Uh, when you had uh, you know, a board full of calls and you can only sit by the phone on hold for so long before I get
Sidetrack or have to do something else right or take another call
You know, what's the average weight on a phone call? I'm sure you have a number there like what 1520
A lot today. In fact, let's see you waited. What does that say? I waited about 30 seconds. You 11 seconds. Yeah, not even that. How do you like that?
Well, I've heard you say Tuesday. Yeah, I heard you say one call on the board
I figured it was my chance to get my true sense in
But that's uh, that's what's up with work. Okay. Thanks for your two cents
Thank you. Have a great day. He gave us his two cents by the way. They're not gonna open the deliberations
It's 58 yes and 39 no 58
39 no and that means they once they got to 34. I mean, they couldn't get the two turrets
So if you can't have two turrets, I mean why open it up?
They're not gonna open the deliberations are gonna do it behind closed doors because everybody with a brain knows that that's the American
That's right behind closed doors because the many of them are too embarrassed
It's interesting the ones that are voting know the 40 were public into the one Democrat who voted
No, or you know
They want to do it behind closed doors because they two goddamn embarrassed
To go public and tell us what they think
I guess they can be those pull numbers too, huh?
Here's Miami hello
Miami Neil how you doing great. I'm reading that book. Broding Con that wanted to ask you
Oh, I'm not asking. I wanted to mention silly to you. Tony Martin is in there yet
And part two you know the judge who said that she was ill and how to be replaced when she was gonna send the white receiver for candidacy
Right, you know why she was a faded ill
I heard that there was a cover up about that. I'm learning. I'm candid city offered her a blank check
Yeah, and the judge that replaced her was the affiliate was the
Was at one time the personal lawyer for the candid city organization all right great. I know I'm hurt about that
And I figured I'd tell you and he probably wanted to move to work for the Olympic International Olympic Committee for Utah
Right, take it easy. You have a great day. It's close by
at the IOC
Open line and date one and brown and that's what George is gonna be talking about scandals in the IOC
567 what when you shake in your head above
scandals with the Olympic Committee don't you understand the men are women the women are men
They're all on steroids. They're all these payoffs
And it's not interesting now that there's all this alleged outrage about the Salt Lake City
And it was crooked Mormons over there that now it's coming to life in Toronto and other cities all over the world
This has been going on for years. They've been putting the squeeze on these guys. They want their hookers
They want their payoffs. They want their meals. They want their booze. They want to you know where you should mirror us
We'll smear you back
Because that's the way the corrupt world that we live in operates. I hate to break the news to you of Virginia
There is no Santa Claus. There is no God. But yes, there's a lot of corruption out there a lot of Shmiren going on. They're Shmiren it
Here's a lot of hill hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I've been here for 22 years. Listen. Don't let the doctors go near you
Let me take that to me. I'll stay in that other side of the room and I'll just talk and let me tell you something
I woke up I called you about two weeks ago. I still have I saw my testicle. I went over there. What? Yeah, I'm a testicle
I don't carry an isola. Yeah, I said you're testicle
Yeah, because I gave me 10 stitches. They said I had something there and they took it out
But before that they told me I had a hernia I had a hernia operation
They took that out. I had the same pain
Now I go to this doctor. He felt they did the operation on my desk
Put the ice on it now they sent me for cab scans and now they send them east for the
What's that other thing of bone skin? Oh my god. Oh my god. It's like if there are a bunch of ass
Yeah, don't let them go near you man. Okay. All right. Thanks. Bye
Wow, did he say he's got ice on his nuts? Is that what he said? Uh-huh
Open line and Broward 5 6 7 0 5 60 pounder. Wasn't that a jury rental song? I said my nuts
Oh rats in my room. Here's the mobile and hollywood. Hello
Screw Congress. Bring back little Tommy Dianneberg
You know something
I love you. Oh you should have heard by the way Henry from iod tell me last night the stories about fat boy and the stuff that he pulled over there and why they were so anxious to get him out of there and he thinks that what's the guy Andy Andy Scorch?
One of the 20 sales managers. They got over there at the queer channel
He thinks that he was desperate to get him out of there at any under any circumstances
And so they played a little bit of a trick on us, boys and girls. Yeah
They said hey
Screw and what I kind of like to screw up your sales department. Here's a real great guy. Huh real tons of fun
As long as I live I'll never forget the day that he came waddling to that door. Oh
man, it felt like a goddamn earthquake. You could see it feel the earth move under your meat
Where do you find that Kaplan right where you got it?
Fortes radio 560 Q.A.L. I said, John I really get my panties in a lot
Oh
George George
Fort Hey, my biggest big producer guy
He's on circumcised
George George
Fort Hey, my biggest cryptic son of a bitch
Don't give him no sh**
Take the boss like me. He's got a great deal
Three cool and a brand new set of wheels
If you got the ball to give a call just remember that he won't take your crap
See George George
Fort Hey, my biggest clean as he can be
You won't find no cheese. Don't give him no
Two a.m. What do you want?
George George
Fort Hey, my biggest cryptic son of a bitch
128 on 560 W Q.A.M. I didn't want to play that he loaded that in there
I had other things I wanted to do like the speed racer thing that we never got a chance to get to when the hell was that
I don't even remember two weeks ago two weeks ago. I found this speed racer thing
By the alpha team that I found one of these CDs that they were going to throw out out here
Some radio stations somewhere had to play that so we'll play that after the next break more appropriate today
It is more appropriate today because I want to talk about this as the swing bus thing all day long people off the air
We're calling up
Telling me stories off the air about this that people who were there at the time people who had been there who would
Prequendate this place trapeze. Did you see any of it on the news?
Yes, I did very plush very nice
Beautiful
Furns and the yeah beautiful dance floor lights
plants everything very plush and
I had occasion to go to
One place and I was going to talk to the owner of the place that I visited on a couple of occasions once when we were over at
IOD because when they had the sex talk show going on over there with air in summers
They used to go the the producer
Go hook up for radio station employees and they would all go and I went on one of those occasions
With all of the radio station people we just observed
You know that a lot of people go there to observe and that was us and yes, I went with the wife took the wife
Very very up and up. We're not swingers
Yeah, I say that because you know, I'm off for it. I'm rick rare and a go
Because you know us men, you know, we're men. We want it. We want it all
She's a little bit sheepish. What are the other I mean? I'm scary. I can talk brave
But while I'm there the thought scared the hell out of me about taking my clothes off in front of a whole bunch of other people
The thought scares me so obviously I wasn't drunk enough
I neither was she because she kept saying none of these guys here are good looking enough and I kept saying have another drink on
And and though you know, they'll get better looking
Right away. So we went again to this other place and the reason I keep referring to this other place as another place
Is because I talked to the owner today
I was gonna have him on the phone for this little George half hour talk to this owner of this other place where people go to have fun
and he didn't want
The place mentioned the name mentioned they're on the phone with lawyers all day long
Got everybody crap in their pants and people calling off the air all day long that didn't want to go on the air
Talking about how horrible this whole thing is
Crapping their pants. They don't want their voices heard because now
All of a sudden it's illegal and nobody knew that it was illegal except apparently
It's not illegal did you see you saw the report on the news and the guy they were talking to the guy from BSO
BSO must be very bored lately. I must explain that ticket that I got yesterday
Thank you very much the guy was very nice
He got me in and out very quickly. He gave me my ticket really fast
He must have noticed that I was in a hurry so he gave me the ticket really fast. No must know
No fuss. I'll be calling the ticket defense team right after the show
Ignore those people run cold waiting to talk to Neil right
All but line four all but line four oh, I just hung up on them. Are you still there on line four?
Hey George how are you hey hold on?
So
I'll talk to that person everybody else they wanted to talk to Neil about god knows what I wanted to reset
Especially that guy from Naples. I'm sure he was a crank
So all these people calling off the air the owner doesn't want his name on the air
They don't want the name of the place on the air while they're talking to lawyers. Oh, I distracted myself
The cop that they were talking to on the news was saying and and I'm quoting this
Well, there's a statute on the books that says that
It's against the law for people to have sex in front of other people
That's what he said. I'm quoting almost exactly and pretty sure. I don't know who this pose though was
Have you ever heard of such a thing in your life?
Now they do have the sawdemy laws that are still on the book so I'm thinking maybe it's one of those old archaic things
But I can't imagine these old colonists tight these these old codgers actually sitting down there and and writing you know
Sawdemy that's a word. It's in the Bible. We all know it blah blah blah sawdemy. All right
We'll just make that against the law
But to actually write a law that says you can't have sex in front of other people
And this of course is private property and for those of you people have never visited
uh
They they charge you to get in they charge you not me when you're you know big radio star or associated with one
They want you in there so you'll talk about them on the air which I was gonna do but they don't want their name mentioned
They they not only do they charge you yearly do but they charge you like
75 bucks a month at least that's what they said on the news for this one place in particular
75 bucks to get in that night for the couple so it's not shleppers going in there
They have nice cards valley parking the place that we went to
And the last time we went we were gets of fat alcohol scene and of course
You know being fun loving adventurous people and uh and interesting things happen there you would have loved it
We're gonna get a station group
To go to this place and question that I can't talk about but the hat. Oh, I don't want to go with this engineer hat is hanging on the wall
No, no the the nice people the cool people
We'll get some cool people going because when the other men they lock a room upstairs
You you don't get what I'm talking about they're not all men upstairs or downstairs that matter
Nevertheless groups of the station people would go there from the other place the the wonderful aisle and the producer
We had a producer that was ugly as sin and he
Accomplished something there. He was just sitting in the hot tub mining his own business
And he encountered a sucker fish or a cashfish. Well, I don't know what you want to call it
He was just sitting there mining his own business and he got bit under the water or something like that
That was the story and this guy's
But ugly this guy was but ugly no longer employed there or anything like that
So and by the way for the swingers out there that are thinking oh these guys are coming without dates
I always brought woman. I always brought a woman or or more than one with me
We had a great group that went to the place the one time and all we did was dance we dance we drank and we even had
Management there and no one I want to name
So it was a great time these are these were fun nice people nobody's touching you
Nobody's making you feel uncomfortable nobody's coming up and putting their hands on you
Nothing like that we were just all drinking dance and having a good time and occasionally
You know a couple or a group would take off out of the dance floor room and go off into the other back room and and that's it
Big deal
Big deal and now all of a sudden it's against the law and all these people are crap in their pants the people are
Coming out of the club covering their faces up people don't want to come on the air the owner does
Anyone the name of this place mentioned is pulling all the advertisement because
Because apparently they're very miserable people out there
That's the only thing that I can come up with they can explain it miserable people enjoy making other people miserable
Instead of trying to find something fun to do in their life
Have you ever noticed how happy people they really don't don't have with anybody at all? Have I got this thing loaded up?
I keep forgetting nice people fun people
People who are having fun times in their life people who are happy don't
With people generally speaking. It's the unhappy people the people that can't seem to accomplish
Becoming happy in their lives that have to find a way to
With other people and ruin other people's good time
So I don't know where this whole thing got started except to say that
VSO must be really really bored lately. I didn't know that they did speed traps
I thought that was the highway patrol in the city time
And that's what I ran into yesterday with a speed trap
Boca hello
Yeah, tour tour, do you speak?
Yeah, thank you very much
No new Yorkers today by the way that guy wasn't but I knew that that was going to be a crank
Yeah, you know
I and I might do the no Julio thing also after the first you know
Faggot Julio calls up. I might do that also
But I'm just having a problem lately with people who can't say their art
Keep me up to date. Call it a prejudice thing yet today if you can't say your ours if you talk like Barbara Walters
You can't go on the air. Sorry. I put you on hold earlier. Hey, how are you all right? Listen, you know
I was stationed through the any army in other countries right and
Other countries they live a very free style lifestyle
But they're crying. We're we're freeter than like Saudi Arabia. We have more freedoms than then you know
Iraq I personally was stationed in Korea, okay?
And when you go off post to Korea when you were off post and you weren't sole and other you know in other little cities
We used to go on these little bars and
They never bothered you nobody bothered you but if you met someone and you wanted to go to a back room with a bunch of people
Then you know something just go and you'd have to worry about FBI is coming and rating you or anything to the nature
I mean if you're stupid enough not to not to have safe sex or safe
Well, however you were doing or what you were doing then it's your business right but
But in this country you have to even watch with bar you go to because you don't know what where you're gonna get rated
Oh, yeah, I can't imagine you know one time by accident we went to a lesbian bar
We didn't know we were just we were just driving around some friends and you know
Wanted to stop and get a drink and here was this place look nice on the outside walked in there
Uh, you know you're yeah dark your eyes don't adjust to the light right away or you just got your first drink and you wonder
Why are all these women giving me dirty look?
My point is this is this is the thing I'm worried about is why are we worried about what cruise ship goes out and how much money
People are gambling why are we worried about who's what bars people go to why don't we worry about people that are getting stabbed on the street
On South Beach just having dinner why don't we worry about things like that and and and worried about if you're going 70 and
65 and speed track people it just the problem is is is the government and
Especially this city and county all they're worried about is how much money they can generate through tickets and I'm so
I'm so tired of it you can you can't even go out your street corner with a top not waiting for you to speed yeah
It's not like I speed all around the place, but you know something maybe I'm in a hurry
Yeah, you don't I'm saying germany and they ought to bond all right
All right, thank you sir
That's all I can say is a miserable people wanting to make other people miserable
Here's an idea if you're miserable
Why don't you do something to try to make yourself happy instead of trying to bring other people down to your miserable level
Why don't you go out and have some fun go to the
Beach go to a movie go see a show isn't this the you know the entertainment capital of the world or something
I'm sorry I'm getting confused 22 till 2 on QAM
Uncut wonder boy of the array
George
Hi
Oh
ness
Uhm oh, 50!
Oh Yes
15-till-two on 5-60-WQAM.
So I'd like to know what radio station was playing that because they kind of offered
one of those hit CDs that they send to all the stations.
A lot of hits on one CD at least.
That's what they want to accomplish.
So I can start loosening to that radio station, but I never heard that before.
And Joe and I said the same thing.
We could have done that.
We could have thought of that, but we didn't.
That's why we're Schmuck producer boys.
So nobody, oh, if I don't get any calls, by the way, we have some mono.
We have mono today for the audience.
Have you ever heard of these people?
Mono?
Oh, that's fluffy clouds.
That's later.
It's starting really slow.
It's like Portis Head.
Do you like Portis Head?
I don't know what Portis Head is.
Oh, dude, you got to listen to more KPM.
Or VU.
Portis Head.
Mysterious.
Litter-on.
It's like...
I don't know.
It's like Portis sounding like...
I bet that I can do this for that.
I'll play more mono later if we don't get any calls talking about why are people so
goddamn miserable.
So the swinging thing, yeah, I'm the swinger.
One of the...
I like in myself to the guy walking around the swimming pool, sticking his toe angle
and it's cold, but in the meantime, the pool's full of people splashing around, having
a really, really good time, apparently.
And you want to have that kind of fun, too, but basically work cowardly.
The wife and I very cowardly.
And also, we kind of let ourselves go over the years, but we're in training, got that
home gym, that Joe Castello was using when he was over at my house the other day.
I like that home gym.
You got to turn around here and talk to me, ignore these people.
Great.
It's a great home gym, took me hours to put it together, and we're using it.
It's no disco.
We're in training.
It's no disco.
I wanted a disco for the living room, but we have a home gym, and we're using it because
we let ourselves go over the years, and I have no idea why we let ourselves go over the
years.
But nevertheless, we did put on a couple pounds and got soft.
So we're in training.
I'm getting my nerve up.
See, right now, we're just like every other couple in the world where we just screw around
and then lie.
We want to take it to the next level because we don't have any of these kind of moral hang
ups that the church going crowd has.
So maybe some people have some tips about how to get the wife going a little bit faster,
except to possibly give her more booze, which is the only thing I can come up with.
Miami, hello.
Hey, how you doing, George?
All right.
Hey, we're speaking of speech rest.
A couple of years ago, I was in the speech house coming home.
I'd lived down a long stretch.
You know, a guy got me.
He was a Metro dood off.
So you're talking about BSL.
And he pulled me over and I'm sitting there going to take a look at him.
I say, hey, you live down a street for me, don't you?
I didn't say nothing.
Turns out the guy lives down the street for us.
And the thing is that everybody speaks down this long stretch road.
It's like a mile and half road to get to where I live.
But the speed limit is like 30 miles an hour.
Yeah, that was my time.
Yeah, so you're five o'clock.
You're coming home and you don't want to see that.
Exactly what was going on yesterday was one of these short cuts.
It was a through street.
Everybody flies, you know, going 50 down this road.
But it's 30.
This guy is a neighbor.
I mean, he lives around us and he's giving out tickets to his neighbor.
Do you think it's a vendetta?
I don't know.
I mean, I talked to guys I live around and I'm like, you know, what's up?
And he's like, yeah, you know, my sister got one.
You know, I finally got one.
I'm flipping out about it.
Also, not a month ago, a couple of weeks ago, I got one in Broward.
But the cop is pretty nice.
It was a pie and stuff.
I told him I had my license and go.
But they're very nice in the pines when they give you tickets.
Yeah.
Well, he took me a ticket for no license.
It was five bucks and I got rid of it.
And I call somebody at douchebag, please.
Yeah, go ahead.
Oh, I'm sorry.
What happened to him?
I was just a little bit, a little bit itchy.
I don't know why.
By the way, thank you to the sub-center Chuck and Nisi.
I want to say hello to Nisi because she doesn't get talked about enough.
At least that's what she keeps telling me.
The Niel doesn't say enough nice things about her because she makes all of our food.
She's the one that actually physically makes our food.
With the rubber gloves, not to worry about it.
She's cute.
She's a cutie.
She's a cutie.
As a matter of fact, she's on my extramarital affair list.
Maybe Nisi could come with us.
Okay.
Okay.
We'll put her on the list.
We'll invite her when we do this thing.
When we do the week and a day show, when we horror the show properly, make a shopping list,
okay?
We're going to horror the show out because these people don't care.
They don't know what's going on on the air and they don't care.
I mean, and if you look at the log and you know because you look at logs and you help
grind these spots up, there's so many trades on this log and we have no idea why.
We could go into it, which ones are trade.
But there are things on here that we don't know why they're trade.
You look at them and you have no idea why.
All of these things are on the log and who is getting whatever it is that the station
is getting for these things.
Trapeze is on there and post trade.
Yeah.
Oh, man, I wish.
I had no idea that place was so nice on the inside.
I don't want to spend all day talking about them.
I wanted to talk to about our friends with the hat.
See the hat hanging up behind you.
That's what we're going to go because they're very nice people to us there.
But we can't mention their name.
They're all scared to death.
They're taking giant craps in their pants.
Mobile and Miami.
Hello.
Hi, George.
A couple of things.
First of all, that fellow that you're trying to think of a BSO is a glass name is more
and I want to say Walter is his first name.
But he is the director of something I'd never heard of before.
Strategic investigation division.
That's the guy that I saw on TV.
Yeah, with a mustad.
She would double talk about the wall that doesn't exist.
In their news release, they said that they were acting on a complaint.
Yeah, that's the one.
That's about a mile, not even a mile.
Now, here's a funny thing.
That's a hysterical because we had people calling off the air that didn't want to talk.
That said that these undercover cops came in and playing clothes looked around, made
note of who was having sex, came back left, came back later with the SWAT team with
a mask.
Can you talk about intimidation?
How would you like to be naked doing something?
Here comes a guy with a ski mask to bust your ass for having sex.
My understanding is the law is when people make complaints about these things.
The cop in question can't be the person making the complaint.
Yeah, well, the circumstance, if it's complaints, that's in a little strip mall.
There is a saloon that's British owned and a couple of little businesses in there.
That parking lot that's open, you know, when the place opens, I think at 8 o'clock at night,
it's mob, but who's going to complain?
The guy's in the saloon?
They don't care.
Right.
So I'm kind of curious about it.
There's no residential area around that.
You know what?
They could build a place like this right next door to me.
The one that we visited, they had to valet parking, all the cars were nice.
It wasn't like, you know, like there was prostitutes.
I mean, think about how ridiculous it is.
prostitution going on outside or around this place.
What was that prostitution?
I know, but I mean, whores would starve outside of a swing club.
There's free sex going on inside.
Why would you have prostitution outside of it?
Well, I also suspect that one of the reasons that this water team had their faces cut was
the judging from those who were arrested, some of those folks might be patrons on the
Well, there were a couple of police officers and other police officers.
That was a four-odd lot of day off cop, his wife who was an Oakland Park police, a
brilliant employee and a BSO correctionist.
Mine in their own business, having a good time.
Well, I only got 24 and this one, the other one, I got popped earlier in the month, was
31 people who had planned more.
Okay.
Thank you, sir.
How do you look?
Okay.
8-12-56-DW-Q-A-M.
