Sport Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rodgers Show to talk to
Neil called 567-0560 toll free for date and rarer or pound 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily
reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions or the easily broadcast group.
Now, Neil Rodgers on Sport Radio 560 QAM tell your back.
I just want to say this right off the back this morning that if you're one of us,
one of those people who drives in this town at any time and you're still alive,
all I can say is it's a miracle, okay? God almighty, what is with these people?
Most of you right now, I would say conservatively 50% of you who are listening right now
should pull it over to the curb, put it in park, take the keys, throw them away somewhere,
like down a sewer grade and just get out and walk. So we're in Vegas this weekend.
A lot, you know, something that's one of those weekends, every now and then I have a trip like this
that it's like it never happened, you know what I mean? It was so fast,
like it never happened. If I didn't look at my wallet and see how empty it was,
I wouldn't realize that was even there. I know I did not go see the new Venetian,
I would be drove by it, but I don't know what it is. But now it seems to me like two and a half
days in Vegas is insufficient time to gamble all your money away. I mean how much,
how much time do you have left over to go check out all these places? Not enough time at all.
So anyway, get back in town yesterday at about 625 I guess it was.
At Miami International Airport. How long does it take when you get back to Miami to discover
where you are? The behavior of the people of these people and you wonder why I talk about this
place the way I do? Anti-social, hostile, irresponsible, psychotic, not just the drivers,
just people in general. Here you go, you finally get from wherever the gate is, you get to the
damn elevator and you go up on it moving walkway, okay, to try to find where your car is.
And here are these two women. I would say the one of them was like 30-ish and the other one was
maybe like 35. Standing in the middle of the moving walkway and a lot of them, the younger one,
she's got enough luggage there. She's got enough baggage. You would think she had her entire life
just came off that plane with this bitch, okay? And I do mean bitch.
And they're standing like I would say in the middle of the moving walkway. Well, you know most of the
time you'll see a sign and they'll say stay to the right or whatever it says. There's no sign like
that at my international. And by the way, nice going guys, they finally painted all the at the
Flamingo ended dolphin. They painted all the exits now. Exit in English. Let's hear it.
Oh, no more salita. That's right. Exit, park, up, down, in and out, whatever. It actually says
that in English you have some idea how to get out of there. But anyway, so they're standing on
the moving walkway. We're moving along. You know at a fairly brisk clip to get there out of there
and get home sometime before midnight. She stands there. And this is not by the way, this was not
some banana boat lady. This was a real honest to God, American living and breeding bitch.
And finally, the other woman exceeds that we're like kind of anxious to get to help. Oh, maybe you've
had to get out of it. Oh, okay. Okay. I mean this thing, and this is one of those moving walkways
that just barely crifts along, you know, just barely moves it all. That was the start.
I'm going to tell you, I'm not going to make it through to that really not because that Dan
Vegas area, you know, that real dry, super dry air. Oh, man. Ordinarily I can handle it.
Usually the only thing that happens is my lips could tap and I could shock a lot when you touch
anything metallic out there. This time, no shocks, no bad lips, just silence. Man.
Yeah. Just unbelievable. Sun is bloody chunks, you know. You ever talking about?
Yeah. And my favorite is when you have one like embedded deep in your nostril and you put your
finger over the other nostril and you blow, you know, to get it out of there. Huh? And it gets out,
but you can't find it. That's the worst part because then no seriously because then it can
be on your cheek, on your arm, on your shirt. Definitely not like long gone. Nobody is that lucky.
It's around somewhere and it's probably on you and somebody's going to see it and they're going to go,
oh my god. That looks like crap, but it's not. Oh, jeez. So I got all that. I don't have it now,
but I just have the after effects, but you don't want to hear about that. Let me tell you about my
adventure driving home. I could write a short story about my drive home from the airport last night
about what a place this is. And I see in yesterday's Sunsendel right under front page,
here's a big story. Drivers are living life in a fast lane and about south Florida highway speeds
and all these different places on and on it goes. I guess they had a lot of pages to fill up.
But it talks about the growing club of drivers clocked at speeds more than 80 miles an hour. See,
it's the obsession with speed. Speed doesn't kill. Irresponsible. People kill other people.
So anyway, I get my car and I'm heading out there and good news. I get to the toll booth there
where you pay whatever you're over parking. Nobody else in line. I pay my money. I get right out.
Thank you very much. Now I make my turn there. Okay. And I'm going to try to weave my way over to
Is that a lesion? I guess to 836. The only problem is of course you start out. You're in the left
hand lane and you got to move over two lanes of traffic to get over to where you get off of the
lesion. But your ordinarily is plenty of time. No problem at all. You put on your blicker and you
work your way over. Guess what folks? I got my blicker on and I'm looking. Are you going to let me in?
No, they're not going to let me in. Six different vehicles, including some asshole and one of those
blue shuttle bus things won't let me in. And I get to the point where it comes to the V there
where and I have to pull up like on the cross lines there and sit there and wait till everybody
is gone till I can get over. Assholes. You're a bunch of assholes man. You're rude. You're
inconsiderate. You haven't got any idea how to drive. That was for starters. Now I go lesion
road. No way. It gets better. I go lesion road and I get there to where you make the turn on to
836. I make my right turn and there's a stop light there. Just before you get on the road to 836
on the merging lane. Now luckily the only reason I'm here today, the only reason I'm here alive today
is because I dropped something out of my wallet. Well I'm sitting there at a red light. I'm in the
right hand lane because I'm going to zoom on by whoever's in the left hand lane. And I'm distracted
for a few seconds picking up off the floor in a car, whatever I drop, putting it back in my wallet.
And thank God I'm distracted because like two seconds after my lights already turned green and
I would already be out there in the middle of the intersection. Here comes an asshole in a red car.
Some young guy. He runs the light the other way. And I'm thinking to myself, holy crap.
Yeah. This man is elunatic. I'm not talking close. He runs the light. I'm talking after a long
sense. He just comes flying through there. Okay. Now it gets much better.
I get on the 836. I'm going west to the Palmetto so I can go up north. I get almost to where 836
joins the Palmetto north. I would say maybe a half a mile away. And there's a guy. I'm in the
middle lane. There's a guy in the right hand lane who's going maybe a little bit under the speed.
Limiter maybe about 55. I don't know. He's not zooming along but he's not going real real slow.
And now up behind him comes an asshole in a black car. In a black boxy car comes this carful
of banana boat people. And his guy is like, well, he's he's got no place else to go but on the right.
Of course, there's no lane on the right of this guy. There's only a shoulder.
So he calls ass. He accelerates and I'm thinking, where is this man going? There's no lane there.
Is there a lane there? No. Don't confuse him with the fact.
He's going to pass this guy on the shoulder. Well, guess what? Just as he gets next to the guy,
the shoulder narrows because there's an abutment there. And all of a sudden now he comes slamming
into this poor bastard who's in the right hand lane. The guy in the, he hits, puts on the brakes.
This guy goes flying out in front of him because he's so good on the guy that's in fast. And now he
goes into the lane to the left of there which luckily for him there's nobody in that lane. And then
zooms back into the right hand lane. They both slam out of brakes and they stop.
And I'm thinking to myself, oh my god, change his quake. Am I going to get home alive?
And as I'm looking at my rearview mirror and this is only happening, keep in mind just a matter
of yards in front of me. My life is flashing before my eyes because I'm envisioning this guy,
you know, just making contact with a half a dozen cars from behind and God only knows we're all
splattering all over the highway. Only a miracle letty gets back in their right hand lane and stops.
So I look at my rearview mirror and his guy gets out and what's the first thing he's doing?
He's surveying the damage to his car. He's not checking to see if the other poor bastards
and the other cars still alive. He's just surveying the damage to his car. This banana boat asshole.
I'm serious man. You people in law enforcement down here with your speed traps. You can worry
all you want. And I grant you that there are a lot of people going way too fast, irresponsible.
But it's not just speed. It's not just sitting on hiatus road with a goddamn radar gun.
Remember that routine a year ago? Oh yeah, they're going to condition the drivers to drive and yeah,
right. Get them off the FN road is what I say. Get them off the road now before we all get killed.
Then this is just a drive of like 40 minutes from the airport to my house and I could write a
short story about it. And none of it will be pretty.
From minutes after 10 at 5.60 WQAM are you...
What the hell is that? Wait a minute. What the hell was that?
Oh my god, we're already having technical malfunction at the junction.
Yeah, we're not going to rush today. We don't even need to miss the 14 seconds of it.
Get it full.
Let's wait at 5.30.
Let's just see.
You're number 8.
Starting.
You took your number far to south.
Don't think it will be hard to just remember.
You flush.
Okay, that's for my late uncle Ray.
Remember I told the stories about my father's brother Ray?
He used to visit a nearer-to-well used to come about once every five or ten years and show up.
And I guess looking for money.
I would see him to be sure.
And every time he used the toilet he would like not flush it.
Maybe he just wasn't used to flush toilets, you know.
For the classy family.
10, 17 at 5.50 WQAM.
Here's our letter to the editor of the year by the way.
This is... I want you to listen to this very carefully.
This is in the herald.
It says the blue blazer.
I used to go to World Wrestling Federation events at the Miami Arena.
And I remember Owen Hart as the blue blazer with the blue mask and tights.
But now he's no longer the blue blazer.
He's Owen Hart.
He was recently killed when he fell 70 feet into WWF event.
His last off-floor appearance was February 13th at the National Car Rental Center.
So Paul Bacon and Helen Dale.
Now that's the letter.
Listen again to that second letter.
But now he's no longer the blue blazer.
He's Owen Hart.
He was recently killed when he fell 70 feet into WWF.
His last off-floor appearance was...
What does that mean?
Can somebody tell me what that means?
Huh?
Yeah, and...
What does that tell you about people who go watch professional wrestling?
This Paul Bacon and Helen Dale?
He's an asshole.
Evidently, I mean, what kind of a letter is that?
And like he's still alive but he was recently killed.
What does that mean?
He's no longer the blue blazer.
He's no longer Owen Hart.
He's dead as what he is.
He's a body and a box.
Jesus Christ.
Okay, where do I start?
I don't want to get the sports holes upset on this radio station anymore but I will anyway.
Wait, let me lock the door.
Yeah, you better lock the door because if they see the Abercrombie and Fitch Summer issue quarterly catalog,
they're going to be in their pants.
Remember what I've always told you about football?
How many times have I told you in the 15 or 16 months that I've been on a station
if I told you in football?
It's a gay club you moron.
I told you that.
And of course they resisted.
Oh yeah, that's bagging everything to him.
Yeah, right.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
Here's the Abercrombie and Fitch directly from the store in T.S.
Palace in Las Vegas.
It's called Summer Dreams.
And I can see why, by the way.
Well, you know Calvin Klein and Abercrombie and Fitch,
they're used to a lot of beef kick, a lot of young, hung, hot, you know, male, female, and different when between.
Irrotic stuff in older ads.
So anyway, here's a very hot young stud on the cover of A&F Quarterly and you open up the first page
and it looks like you're seeing double because it's identical twins.
And on this first inside page, the one of them is like kind of like Tarzan hanging from a rope.
You don't have to show me again.
Well, you can see it again.
And his tattered Abercrombie and jeans are like way down, like almost at the bottom of his ass.
Okay, his, where the hell is it?
Oh, excuse me, his back dome is showing.
And you read the thing on the front-end side page about who these identical twins are.
And what can I say?
It says, Doug and Jeff Poppowitz always seemed to end up together.
The first 18 years are explainable since their brothers, but the last few aren't.
Seven months ago, Jeff was living in Florida playing football for the University of Miami.
Oh, my God.
And Doug was in the Chalbee desert in Northern Kenya looking for the middle of the fiction book that I'm writing.
He says, then in the beginning of the end, as Doug tells that I was sitting there with some nomadic camelherders one day,
dying by the inch when he suddenly said, well, I've got to go.
Where then he, he asked looking around Miami.
It was the middle of August.
He had only three weeks to make the hurricane's opening game.
As Jeff tells it, he pulled in the day before kickoff.
He hasn't left yet.
He pulled in and he hasn't left yet.
Seven months later, Jeff has tackled 87 fullbacks.
Doug's book is almost done and they've managed to find a way into our book proving the path it leads here can be a strange one.
So to make a long story short, here are these two young guys identical twins.
And one of them whose name is Jeff Popovich plays for the Heracunes.
And Paige, after Paige in the first section of this Evercrombian Fitzcatalong, there are pictures here with football players.
You know what I'm saying?
With their record hanging out.
What kind of a, what is that?
What is that?
That's a gate club you moron.
My favorite though is the one, and of course, see that the one cop out, he can always say, well, that's not me with a picture with the ass hanging out because their identical twins.
You really can't tell which one is which.
Yes, the other guy.
Yes, the other guy.
That's right.
It's the other one.
Well, why was the camel jockey?
That's the one with the ass hanging out.
I'm a macho football player by the name of Jeff Popovich.
As in which pop, pop, which, whichever one you like.
My favorite picture though is the one where he's holding his shorts like a real forward there.
And the rainwater is like pouring into a, well, you can just use your imagination.
Yeah.
Evercrombian Fitzsumera dreams catalog.
There you go.
You want to see a real macho football player?
There you go.
Speaking of real macho, by the way, now I want to get hooked on this one subject here.
They've never, unless I will anyway.
Being an old fag like yours truly.
So get on a plane in Miami on Friday.
And naturally, the first thing I do once you go toward the gate is I stop at the little news stand, pick up every tabloid.
Because it's great reading.
It's hysterically funny.
And it kills a lot of time on the plane.
Well, here's this week's the June 8th issue of the globe.
And in the upper left hand corner, it's got a very familiar face there.
I don't want to say it's Ricky, Ricky Tickie again, living La Pingaloka.
It says, the hottest question is showbiz is Ricky Martin Gay.
Which kind of prodded my interest somewhat.
And you open up and here's a full color spread, no less.
He's spreading it.
The untold story behind Superstar Stens Station, Ricky Martin Gay Riddell.
Plus his anguisher repel who died of AIDS.
Plus his painful breakup with family he loved.
And like I said before, it really doesn't make any difference.
Because no matter what he is, he still can't sing his weight of a paper sack.
The young ladies are swooning all over him and he's making loads of money.
Regardless, so it really should make any difference.
Except for all this fake crap that they're putting out in front of the public.
Ricky's mysterious private life has fueled questions over whether he is gay.
Rumors in the radio business are rampant about Ricky being gay.
Says this Jackie Kevin Cross of WILD 95.5 FN and West Palm Beach,
who has told his listeners that Ricky goes the way of the gay.
What does that mean? What is the way of the gay?
Your way. Oh.
But I thought that was Frankie Song, my way.
And the sexy singer made no secret that he was shattered when his friend openly gay
Brazilian rock star were not the Russo 36 died of AIDS in 1996.
The hips swiveling 24-year-old Hanck who's hit single La Penga Loca
is ruling the top spot in the music charts.
Showed up at the Grammy Awards with beautiful Mexican TV star Rebecca De Alba on his arm-left
February, but the white hot buzz in music business is over whether Rebecca is only a beard for the Mimey resident
and he really prefers the friendship of males sources say.
Ricky only adds to the gay debate by sometimes frequenting Manhattan's largely homosexual Chelsea district
when he's in the big apple.
Although straights new go there, Chelsea's a prime spot for pickups and all the gays pose and posture
as they strut along in the latest hip fashion.
I've seen him in the big cup, a coffee house on eighth and twenty-first.
He tries to go on notice with dark shades on but everyone knows who he is.
It says he'll sit in one of the big company chairs with a latte just scanning the crowd,
checking who else is there and looking up whenever somebody new comes in the door.
I've seen him at least one other guy and I've seen him in a pack.
Maybe he's one of the rat pack or maybe he just like one of the fudge pack.
Okay!
Yeah, you thought you were going to beat me to that huh?
No chance.
Oh man.
So you figure it out, okay you decide because quite frankly I don't care.
I find him just boring as hell, just denosyating and revolting in the whole charade, this whole mask away.
And then it goes on about his handlers.
Our hystericaler, psychotic.
That's right, it says Globiz learned that Ricky's handlers are desperate to maintain his image.
A source at one of Miami's top radio stations says Ricky's people were frantic with worry
that it would attract too many gays during a recent appearance at the local record shop.
Remember what Ricky was the last Thursday?
When thousands and thousands and thousands of screaming hysterical young women and others showed up.
Poor Ricky.
Huh?
Just so much understood.
26th after time, I'm telling you my sinuses and my...
Oh, it's that dry, dry air just when a doubt drives you out.
I feel like my whole insides have like scribbled up, which makes me qualified to be back here by the way.
Ow!
Why are you airing shit like this?
I'm singing this song that I'm feeling kind of dead.
I got my smile from home with my chicken from my dad.
I got a party like a driving rain mad.
When it's cold outside, use my nips to hang your hat.
I can blow in your ear if you laugh, Dan.
But you won't notice me till I get some implants.
I need a guy who ain't got issues like feeling up a chest and finding tissues.
I say I'm cute, the same pretty, I'm not won't need your pity.
I've got a nice ass and fur like a kissy, but I can't get a man since I got no titties.
I've got no titties.
Just wonder, raw, it's something I can't afford.
When you lay on me, you'll spare your on a diving board.
When I turn 11, I started to get cute.
Now I'm 24 and so waiting on my boot.
I say I'm cute, the same pretty, I'm not won't need your pity.
I've got a nice ass and fur like a kissy, but I can't get a man since I got no titties.
I've got no titties.
Okay, maybe somebody in the audience knows the Jeff Popovich who plays football,
allegedly for the University of Miami-Hercunes and they better call right away immediately if not sooner.
Okay, let's find out where he is.
567-0560, pound 560 on the mobile one line.
So, Neil, let me ask you, how about that hockey game last night?
How'd you see it?
Yeah, like I told you, what did I tell you after the first game?
I said Buffalo's going to win either in 4th or 8th or in 5th.
Just like I told you in the Toronto Pittsburgh series, I like the Leafs in 6th.
I mean, the game on Saturday was very embarrassing that I watched that whole game.
No, I saw the second goal early in the second period.
I bolted out of my hotel room with that point and went down and plunged my gut sound.
Because it was embarrassing, would be a good word for it.
Hey, it was a lot of fun, it was good that it lasted,
and now Buffalo can be forced right by their Colorado or Dallas and good luck to them.
Fat boy by the way, who's from Buffalo comes in here this morning to gloat.
Pff, pff, pff.
Pff, pff, pff.
Porky bastard.
Here's a mobile in North Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sure.
Welcome back.
I was watching the hockey game last night, and my wife had 20-odd.
So, you're back.
Yeah.
What?
My wife had 20-20 on, and they had the bubble.
My wife sees about that girl.
Did you see it or hear about it?
She fell in the pool, and she went into a coma.
Her mom wasn't watching her, right?
Well, now she's like the Lord.
She's making oil come out of paintings and...
Is it for what a Massachusetts?
I can't remember where I was watching the game, and I was just listening to it out of my other ear.
So, I wasn't paying attention to the whole thing.
But the father left, because he couldn't handle it, and he came back because I guess God's second name is Money.
Yeah, nobody's his first name.
Yeah, he left, and he came back because they asked, why did you come back?
Oh, because of God.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, right.
You know?
And they have a...
They said that you could have the cause with oil for free, but you could buy the tape of the girl.
Yeah.
Or what?
You only 50 dollars.
Well, why would you do that?
They said that she's healing all these people.
She's in a coma.
Right.
Yeah, that's got to be the one of Massachusetts.
I don't know where it was, but I was...
Is that the one where they took her to the football stadium, and all those people came from miles away?
Yeah, that's the...
I mean, the...
I couldn't believe that.
I just...
Well, back to the locker room.
And of course, thank God that they wouldn't exploit her for funding profits.
Yeah, no kids.
Uh-huh.
Okay.
Thanks for the good news.
Okay.
And of course, that, you know, brings us back to all this newfound religion among the youth out there.
I'll write...
Let's hear it.
People want to be given a lot of horse crap.
Here it is right on the front page this morning in the herald from Littleton to Fort Lauderdale.
Teens, United in faith.
Oh, God!
Girls legacy, believe in yourself.
And of course, this is about the girl in Cassie Brunel.
And the one kid said it where the one punk says, you believe in God?
And then she said, yes, and he said, well, maybe you'll be with him now.
And of course, he's not with him.
He's in a box he's dead.
But be that as a may.
Religion experts say there's a growing movement to designate Cassie as a martyr.
Is this pathetic or what?
Uh-huh.
Just tragic.
Where was God when she was getting shot?
Letting her.
So I said, get him out.
Oh, that's right.
Oh, I never thought about that.
He works in mysterious ways.
She couldn't have been a martyr if he wouldn't have let her get shot and killed.
Very good.
Excellent reasoning.
Well, I guess that's the end of that.
Huh?
I mean, what is wrong with these people?
Oh, they're all turning to fit.
Jesus is Lord, a people desperate people looking for answers to God only knows what.
He must know because I sure as hell don't know.
What are they looking for the answer for?
What's the problem?
Like we said, when they had all these shootings, what's everybody so God damn angry about?
Look at this on CNN again.
Here we go.
Little Tind Colorado again.
They just keep hanging on and it goes on.
Oh, and by the way, thank God there's no violence on television.
The same people who are on there screaming and hollering about others too much God damn violence.
All these same television network executives.
Guess what?
They got all these other, I've never seen anything like it in my life.
They must have 600 different shows on now.
The whole show is nothing about showing car crashes, plane wrecks, people dying violent deaths.
Why don't they just change the name of the networks to faces of death, A, B, and C, you know, one, two, and three.
That's all they got on there.
And then they said that if they're taken to the Brawlsoft jury springer, which means that the ratings are going to tank and then he'll have to put it back on again.
Because the last time that they took them all off remember that a few months ago, the ratings went right in the crapper.
Because that's the only reason people watched that.
See, we blew it when we had the chance on a whammy thing.
If we had just had fist fight, we could have just had a sales department meetings on there.
Just put a camera in the sales department.
People beaten us not out of each other.
That's what the American public wants.
Like I told you before, they have an unsatiable appetite for violence.
And I don't want to have one hand you're all screaming, oh, gee, there's just too much of this and a violent video games.
And the meantime, it can't get enough of it.
Not enough sex, too much violence.
That's the whole thing.
America very upset about sex, but they can't get enough violence to satiate their sick appetite for it.
56670560, pound 560 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile and lake worth.
Our only call left on the board.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'd like to make a graduated home safely.
Uh-huh, I'm back.
And listen.
I'm back.
I'd like to be a board.
What you were just saying, I'd take it like George Krullins said,
my father, my children, my children, my two people making love and two people killing each other.
Yeah, well, that's not the American effin' way, man.
Yeah, I know.
America loves violence.
It's kind of sick, right?
It's not kind of sick.
Very, very, very sick.
Listen, I'm not one to sit here and talk about hockey because I don't know where it comes from.
Good, that's a statement.
Well, one second.
That game Saturday night was a very, very exciting game that Dallas, Alabama, Atlanta won a overtime.
Uh-huh.
I just, I was just sitting there just like in awe.
It was like, wow, this thing, it's just really exciting.
Yeah.
Compared to those seven foot freaks, if you know what I mean.
Yeah.
How'd you do in Vegas?
Pretty good?
Lost my ass.
Oh, well, you had fun.
I had a good time, yeah.
But you had fun.
Yeah, of course I did.
Speaking of what you were talking about.
I think I was here.
I remember the only thing I had left over from Vegas is this sinus thing.
Now, my cheeks feel like they're going to cave in and my nose is like all dry and cake would snot.
But other than that, I feel great.
I know the same thing happened to me on the day.
No, I hate that.
I don't know how to tell the story about the booger being somewhere.
It happens to me all the time.
Yeah.
It's usually on stuck on my face and the person that goes, ew.
Yeah, you're right.
Exactly.
Like when you're going in for a business department or something like that.
Yeah.
I, um, I slept up with a singles bar, you know.
Oh, look at that.
That's different.
I slept up to a single row.
The fact that statement you asked, oh, it's like the earring in my nose.
It's a fashion statement.
It's like the phone in my nose.
I slept up the Disney World.
I took the kids up there and we were standing on line to get on the monorail.
And on the other side, there's another monorail going the opposite way.
And all of a sudden, I didn't know where.
I hear all these people screaming.
And there's a child.
Happened to wander away from a concerned parent.
I assume.
And was standing right next to where the child could have fallen into the,
where it says high voltage.
Uh-huh.
And I could not believe it.
I mean, and then the mother, you know, eventually walks over after somebody
grabbed the kid with this smile on her face like, oh, no.
And I like you.
And it's these parents.
And I only took my kids up there because I have to take my kids up there because they want to go to see them.
But it's like putting a gun to my head to see the way these other parents just let their kids do whatever.
And it's unbelievable.
And the kid almost got killed.
Yeah.
And it was like no big deal to her.
She was smiling.
No, she was hoping, you know.
You know, I was hoping that I wouldn't be having a real quick, no problem.
And on my way out and closing, I'd like to call somebody douchebag to cool with you.
A wane, you're in a pulsing, sewing douchebag.
Okay, see, five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound, five, 60 on a mobile one line.
Is it going to be a brutal day because it's like a Tuesday, but it's a Monday after the holiday in their minds, you know what I'm saying?
It's going to be a brutal day.
So get that music ready, stand by because I'm just, wow.
I'm serious.
I don't really feel that bad from the chin down.
I feel okay, but boy up in the head, the whole sinus thing.
Just what did you say the stuff was you get?
Oh, he didn't tell you.
He told me.
Well, I forgot already.
No, seriously, my head is so plugged up with all that, with all that cakes, not that I can't even think straight.
And I really mean that.
I was in Vegas for Friday evening, Saturday, Sunday.
We left yesterday morning.
So like two and a half days.
And I don't even know that I was there.
I don't, what is it?
Ocean, he said the ocean.
Yeah, he said stick your head in the ocean.
Okay, and see how long you can keep it there.
Okay, thanks, Joe.
And by the way, Joe looked at these pictures and the Evercrombie and Fitch and said, oh my god.
By the way, did anybody call in and knows Jeff Poppins, yet?
No.
Poppins, whatever's name is, this is supposed to be the sports station.
Huh?
I don't get it.
I mean, this is a U of M hurricane football player for crying out loud.
They probably just don't want to admit it.
Twenty-four-eleven at five, sixty WQAM.
The hurricane.
In bow.
Three drugs.
Tonight I have three drugs.
Two, two, part-off.
Take it.
Two, two, part-off.
Take it.
But the longest tool, the highest tool, the smaller tool of my fellow Americans, I stand before
you tonight.
Part-off.
Growing.
Expanding.
Part-off.
Rising.
I reach out my tool to all of you.
A rock solid.
Part-off.
Part-off.
Three drugs.
Tonight I have three drugs.
Two, two, part-off.
Take it.
Two, two, part-off.
Take it.
And ask that we join together in saying to the American people, take it.
Okay.
Well, I'm busy now.
Okay, George is in here, leafing through the Ebercrawby and Fitch catalog.
There's a few females in here just to make it look good, you know?
Because Ebercrawby and Fitch, just like Calvin Klein, their whole sales approach, is a very
homo-erotic thing, you know?
Yeah, but the girls are all clothed and the guys have like, okay, I just said, there you go.
Well, we're not going to get anybody calls who knows the Jeff Poppowicz, okay?
Because this is really not really a sports station.
It's a sports pretender wannabe station.
These people know nothing.
Here's Fort Myers.
Hello.
Hi, Neal, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
I want to let you know, I've been congested this health too, and I just got on this new stuff.
It seems to be helping out.
It's called Lev Aquin.
Have you heard of it?
No.
It seems to be doing pretty good.
I've been out for about a week and I'm, my head's finally clearing up.
I've been so congested, like, years driving me crazy.
Yeah.
The stuff seems to work pretty well, so if you get spend, if you have a few doctors, you won't ask them back.
Here my doctor, I'm going to go to the doctor for a little nasal congestion.
Jeez, I'm not that much of a pussy.
Come on.
Okay.
Hey, you know, that thing about more sexualness violence.
Yes.
I got to agree with that wholeheartedly.
You know, it's the craziest thing.
I used to work in a video store and the movie Titanic.
We can show real two with, you know, people dying all over the place, guy coming to suicide.
A real one with a beautiful young woman being naked.
Nope, can't show that.
It's right.
Very sad.
You take it easy.
Okay, I have a great day, pal.
And when I don't blow it out, what are you saying?
Yeah.
Oh, man, there's, there's, I'll tell you, I do like, I don't know, it's that thing about, you know, getting all that nasty stuff out of your body.
I do like the feeling when you have all that caked, bloody, I mean, that's gross, but it's part of human life, you know.
And you like blow it out.
It's great.
But you just have to be real careful where that goes.
There should be like a net.
You should have some kind of receptacle.
Well, how about using a hanky?
Oh, that's, that's too easy.
Only pussy to do that.
Makes you gay.
Yeah, that's right.
If you use a hanky, it makes you gay.
So let me, uh, there you go.
Oh, yeah.
Bloody, see that?
Yeah.
Oh, and what?
It's just a little bit of blood for crying out loud.
Where you some kind of a pussy that's going to pass out.
Yeah, but it's not blood.
Yeah.
Well, that, with this extra driving, that's what you get.
So Joe, Joe passes out of this side of blood.
There you go.
What's that?
That's nothing.
You should see the amount of blood that's come out of my nose the last two days.
And it chunks, you know, it's the blood.
It's the mucus blood mixed.
Right.
Oh, that's delicious.
That's a nice, tasty cup.
That's great at lunchtime.
Kind of like to cleanse your palate, you know, so that anything on top of that tastes really good.
Stop being so full of crap.
Okay.
This Joe Costello, you know what he's doing that red nut crap.
Okay.
They kick your ass out of Italy in five minutes.
And don't give me the see for our ease for our ease isn't for red next for our ease is with people got a lot of money.
So don't tell me about the tag ins like red next, a tag ins hate red next.
Can't stand red next, especially Jeff Gordon.
They hate like poison talk about a guy that's really boring.
In fact, you know something.
I don't know where those rumors started about him about Jeff Gordon's effect because we don't need him.
Okay.
He's too boring.
We got other people to like speculate about like Ricky Martin.
Okay, Lisi looks good.
He made me full of crap and he can't sing with the crap, but Lisi looks good.
But Jeff Gordon, he don't look good.
He's got no personality.
He's my member of the God Squad.
Yeah, that's your crowd.
Boring red next.
Here's for Lauderdale, huh?
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I want to talk about that.
Can't see the martyr.
Yeah.
Yes, they're going to pay for it.
They talk to one of the girls from college.
Yeah.
She blames Satan.
What's that God sets the limits?
I guess you can only kill 13 and you can't do it anyway.
Oh, is that it?
Godhead limit.
Well, 13 is a lucky number, you know.
You're whipping on our own stand.
Like God knows the future.
So why do you make Satan anyway?
You put it in the East-Beliegan God.
I've been asking people that forever and ever.
I'm like, well, you know, he works in mysterious ways.
How come God is so impudent?
The same God that when he gets pissed off, he can like flood the whole world and kill everybody.
That same God, he won't get rid of Satan because he's a sadist.
Yeah, but I heard about it.
He's a sadist.
Yeah, but I got this from Carl Sagan in one of his books.
He said if God knows the future, he's responsible for it.
That's exactly correct.
You can't have any free will.
You have to do this.
All right.
All right.
Thanks a lot.
How about Adam and Eve would he have with the apple on a tree, huh?
That's right.
He knew what they were going to do.
He knew I was going to be a pair on the ground pretty soon.
Of course, that's right.
Especially when they were naked.
That's right.
Before God made Satan, he knew Adam and Eve would be apple and Hitler would kill all the Jews.
Right.
Okay.
Well, thanks a lot, Neil.
And don't forget about Greg Reed managing the station.
5670560, 0560, 0560.
Well, which is the most evil of the ones above that he mentioned, okay?
5670560, 0560, 0560 on the mobile one line.
We're not going to find out about Jeff Poppil, which nobody here knows from.
Maybe a lot of calls off the air.
Saying what?
Saying blah, blah, blah, blah, nander, nander, nander.
I don't know.
I don't speak like that.
He's number 30, 80.
You know, I don't speak football.
Yeah.
So how come he's like butt naked and abacrabby and fit?
Is that a football thing?
I mean, I didn't believe me.
I'm not complaining.
He's a good looking guy.
And so is his identical twin brother.
I mean, real real.
On a scale of 10, I give him both about a two million.
Great looking guys.
But I find that a little bit bizarre.
And I think that the people that you have in Huracans would be amazed, astonished.
Might actually get some people out there to see those games, by the way.
Here's a mobile and four-letter.
Hello.
Hey, Dale.
Yes, sir.
How you doing today?
Okay.
Hey, what happened to Poppil?
What do you mean what happened to him?
What's he doing running around naked?
Do you know who he is?
Yeah.
Does he have a buddy here?
He plays special teams for the game.
Right.
He's got an identical twin brother Doug.
Okay.
And there are models in the Abercrabby and Fitch catalog.
Oh, uh-oh.
With their butts hanging out, yeah.
Yeah.
Uh-uh.
Yeah, huh?
Oh my god.
I have it in my hand right now and then you catalog too.
Next, I'll be Jeff Gordon.
Then it could be.
Uh-uh.
Okay, give him a big kiss for me, pal.
There's a guy that knows Jeff Poppil, who said, oh boy.
That's what I said when I saw the picture.
5667-0560, pound 560 on the mobile one line.
It's going to be a long, long, grueling Tuesday.
Oh god.
This is the price you pay for a three day holiday weekend for going to Vegas
and seeing all those beautiful white people in the MGM Grand.
I always found Georgia at this morning.
You know, one thing about the MGM Grand.
It's like, this is where upper middle class,
young America meets and plunges their brains out.
In fact, at first night I walk in the door there at the MGM Grand
about midnight and I just started in the lobby.
Hey Neil, here's a bunch of young guys from Miami.
And one of them says, oh yeah, you know, my tween is my uncle.
I said, great, good guy.
See ya, good luck.
Well, I mean, what was I going to do?
Is I going to stop and smooth with these guys I had money to lose?
I don't know, you don't have time in Vegas to stop and smooth and cruise.
You got to lose that money, man.
Time is of the essence.
Plunge it through there.
Just plunge your brains out.
Have a good cleansing experience.
And I did.
And I feel great about it.
The only place I can think of in the world where you can go and lose your ass
and still have a great time.
And at the Paris casinos coming along real good, you know,
they hold them one there across from Bellagio.
That thing is going to be ready in the fall.
And like I said, I didn't go to the Venetian.
I didn't have time.
Didn't go over to Mandelae Bay.
Maybe I'm not as fast as I used to be.
I used to be in a two or three a weekend.
I'd hit about a half of it up in different joints.
I'm not as nimble as I used to be.
You know, and by the way, don't gamble at the MGM grade.
It's a great place to stay, but you don't want to gamble there.
You'll lose your rectum.
Trapecanna.
In fact, I did read the Heber Room where they have the high priced machines.
I call it the rubber room.
Like $2.5.
There was one guy playing $100 machines two at a time, by the way.
$100 slots.
But at any rate, so there was one old fart there in the $2 machines.
And he was just plunge it in.
And so twice in the same day, I went and there and played a machine that he'd finished playing.
And hit $600 jackpot on both machines.
And he was ornery.
He was psychotic.
Hey, you're following me around.
Hit me on my...
I said, yeah, well, somebody's got to take it.
Yeah.
Cross the old fart.
$5.670.560.560.
On a mobile one line.
We got any living and breathing people out there today?
No.
No, they probably all got killed by the crazy drivers out there in a highway.
Let me say it again.
If you have to drive for a living in this town, I salute you.
My hat's off to you, okay?
Especially if you really know how to drive.
I have never seen anything in my life.
And believe me, I've been driving here for 25 years.
So I know about all the crappy driving.
But that trip from the airport yesterday.
Perfect.
I mean, there wasn't a drop of rain.
Perfect sunshine.
No problem at all.
God.
Like the end of the world.
And by the way, it's just searching for satellite signal on here.
So it must be raining like hell.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, geez.
It was beautiful and Vegas.
It was like about 95 in the day and about 60 a night.
Oh, man, it was clear.
You know, the real and dry.
Oh, the real dryer.
You can just feel the blood drying inside your veins.
Here's West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Yeah, I knew.
The man that could sell ice cubes to Eskimos.
What a guy.
Hello.
I'm listening.
And you're not saying anything.
But go ahead.
Well, I'm about to say something.
This is the Butler from Palm Beach.
Oh.
Okay, let's go to Amami.
Hello.
I know with some crazy person.
Yes, sir.
Welcome back.
Thank you.
The door is on the leafs.
Yeah, well, I knew it was all over.
I'm not that we had a big year.
You said that after you said one.
You're pretty much called.
I had a ride on target in the Pittsburgh series.
I said the Leafs in 61 and 6.
In this series, I said if they don't win game one,
I think they'll lose four in a row.
Maybe five and it went five games.
You know, I mean, when you don't have any defense,
when you're letting guys walk around a farther than them,
you don't want to hit anybody, they're going to screw on you.
And, you know, they got beat by a better team.
That's all I can tell you.
Did you get back to your tube from the airport in time to see it?
Oh, yeah.
I saw right from the opening.
Yeah, I got home 730 right on the dot.
In fact, I was screaming out the window at these crazy drivers
and said, look, I can't afford to get killed right now.
I got to go watch the Leafs lose their last game of the year.
And I did.
Tell me, is this might be being a little picky on tack wind?
But do you think it was wise to take out the pole Kujo?
At the end when the other team was killing a penalty,
they could just throw it down the ice without fear of it.
First of all, you've got a totally backwards serve
what he should have done was pulled them out as soon as they got the power play.
They had to face off in the Buffalo end.
There's two and a half minutes to go.
Then you got a six on four, you got a two-man advantage.
Then at least you got a chance to tie it up.
That's what he should have done.
Yeah, yeah, but there's no fear of icing from the other team.
They could throw it down at will.
So what's he going to do?
Just play with what you're talking about.
Of course he's got a four-mile.
You're trying to tie the game up, sir.
Yeah, he pulled them out when it wasn't even a way.
You're right.
He should have pulled them out as soon as they got the penalty on the Buffalo with two
and I had two thirty-nine to go.
That's great, man.
Go ahead and say it.
Okay, good luck, you sir.
You'll need it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's the leading implantation.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
We just love Vegas.
I just love hearing about Vegas.
Oh, you're back.
Yeah.
Oh, gosh.
What I was going to tell you was, did you know that while you were out there, a man put $60
into the slot machine at the garage and $1.4.5 million?
Oh, boy.
I know.
I was watching CNN news last night.
Oh, boy.
I know.
I didn't know if you knew.
And they clashed at different states in the news of the day, like one line.
And it says Las Vegas.
I thought it might have been you.
You know what I was thinking all the while I was there?
What?
Isn't it ridiculous that people can have to go there to have a good time?
I was thinking that the whole time that I was there, out in the middle of the desert, we got to go there.
And as though they were doing something illicit, something grotesque, something unacceptable out there.
You know, this state is so in the dark ages here, it makes me want to vomit.
I'll tell you, sometimes I really would like to go there, but yet I'm like you, unless I have about $80 billion put away.
I don't think I could, because I really like to play Blackjack.
So I don't understand why people move there and then, oh, well, we don't gamble.
Well, then why are you going?
But it's true though.
I mean, look, if you want to get on a plane and go gamble, you have to go to Paradise Island, Paradise Island.
It costs place as much, not number one, to go there.
And the casino is such a rat hole.
And it's true. You know, Vegas is just such a fun, fun place.
Even if you don't gamble, you know, just to go there for the food and the entertainment.
And just to walk, I just love going to the hotels and walking around the hotel.
Yeah, you can just sit in the lobby and watch people for a 20 or 30-h own.
Exactly. It's such a great...
I can't go both line up and grab a few, yeah.
So you wouldn't move there, huh?
No, I wouldn't move... No, I would not move there.
Yeah.
Why would I move there?
Yeah, no reason, too, when you can go whenever you want.
It's a cowboy town.
Yeah, huh?
Okay, have a great day.
All right, you too, bye.
I would never...
I would never dream of moving there.
Plus that dry air.
Boy, about a month straight of that.
I would just be like, caked up in a big glob of dry blood.
That would be me.
So I'm serious. That's all I would be.
Oh, what's that?
Oh, it's just a blood cake.
It used to be a guy.
Just a big fat blob cake.
Man, it just dries your insides out.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on a mobile one line on a deadly Tuesday.
Three minutes before 11 at 5, 60, WQA.
And you want to...
WQA.
I have a big foot-water tail.
I have a big foot-water tail.
I have a big foot-water tail.
Join the anarei to start guns today.
Have yourself some down on Christmas and fun.
Oh, what?
Well, your friends away will back you all away.
If any of your right people are the gun.
When you think of all the benefits you're getting.
Life will be sweeter.
When you catch your heater.
You carry a light and to be deadly.
Come on and start today.
It's the American way.
And the American world, the anarei.
A-for the beast.
A-for the chest.
And always a-for the head.
A-for laughing up.
Oh, sharpen your skin.
Feel more and touch the tail.
There you can spend your life to find the gun.
Come on inside today.
And you'll be proud to say you're a member of the anarei.
It's 11.02 at 5.60 WQA.
And so Sam, the Shamar Promotions Member,
just in here telling me that he was a member of the...
Well, not this group, but he was on that same plane.
Coming back from Venezuela.
That's on the front page of the Herald this morning.
Miami officer claims abuse in Venezuela.
Travelers accused of endagering the flight.
And it goes on and on about 11.
Miami men who were accused of rowdy behavior on their charter flight.
And then were detained in Caracas in miserable conditions for more than 24 hours.
Well, come to fight out that Sam, who is from Venezuela, was on that plane.
And he said that those Cubans were assholes.
What he said, they were grabbing the stewardesses ass.
And he were acting like a bunch of assholes.
That's what he said.
But in the article here, it says that kept calling us the Cubans,
told us our passports were fake.
We were illegals, et cetera, and so on and gave them a hassle
them for hours and hours, to which we say,
All right, that'll teach you to go to Caracas.
I told you it's a 10th world country.
Didn't I tell you that?
Oh, God.
You get to the airport.
They're talking about a paramilitary operation.
Man, but animal place, Venezuela.
Sam can't help but ease from there.
So we don't have any choice.
But why would anybody in your right mind go there in the first place?
56670560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
And the search continues.
Also searching for a satellite signal on the small this year.
Must be raining cats and dogs, huh?
Here's Kendall. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes. How are you?
Okay.
Neil, maybe you can confirm rumor I've heard that Phil Henry is coming back
on the morning thing.
Yeah, right.
Not happened.
Coming back on what morning thing?
Well, there's like some sort of syndication deal that they're working on.
No.
I'm working on what?
Bringing him, you know, from the KFI in Los Angeles.
Is national syndication?
Uh-huh.
How long have we been here in that?
About a week.
I've been here in it for a year and a half.
It's not happening.
Not happening.
All right.
All right.
Listen, another sur.
I want to ask you about, I don't know if you knew this about him,
but Deb Bush, apparently a big supporter of Casino gambling.
Is that true?
No, he's not.
Oh, you got some great information, man.
You got great information.
No, of course he's not a supporter of Casino gambling.
He won't even let him have the guy that's in the race tracks that they just killed that bill.
Where were you getting this information?
Are you on drugs?
Are you doing magic mushrooms?
Well, I've been rolling a little bit.
Okay. Well, keep rolling away, pal.
That's it.
That's the end of our calls for today.
That's the end.
Minute and four minutes today.
Well, like you said, it's a vacation log.
We're still on vacation.
I think we did pretty damn good by the way in the month of May,
considering when you really stop and think about it.
We actually had a few calls in the month of May.
Now today, oh, that's right.
Today is the first of June officially.
Oh, we're done.
We're history.
Just look at the phone.
You can tell right there.
We're done.
It's been a lot of fun.
It's been great.
But I forgot about what it's like.
Now it's not officially summer on the calendar.
But believe me when I tell you, we're done.
We're cooked.
We're finito.
So let me tell you the little story that Sam just told me.
5667-0560.
Pound 560.
First of all, it was boring.
And secondly, when I tell somebody I'm not going to repeat something on a year,
I don't repeat it on a year.
Always find it very disturbing that people say, oh, you can't say that if I tell you I'm not going to repeat it,
I don't repeat it.
Although it would have been more interesting.
5667, we got anybody on here at all.
Huh? I see one that maybe thinking about it.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Mobile in Hollywood.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Pretty desperate, huh?
You know, you know, I think it is, but the sky is falling.
I guess there's another hurricane on its way.
Uh-huh.
I want to tell you that.
You're deaf off of it, your brother.
I guess so.
I want to tell you that.
I can't believe it.
I can't get any calls from people who that is.
This town is so boring.
I'm not just, I'm just, this town is so boring.
It's so freaking boring here, man.
These people are boring.
They are.
You know what?
It is.
I had more fun in the first five minutes in Vegas
than I have here in 10 years.
Let me tell you now, I'm probably one of the only natives
from South Florida, and as soon as I can get the halada here,
any other place.
Oh, God.
Why couldn't I ever get the name?
Why couldn't it have been me there at the Marage,
you wouldn't have afforded a half million on the slot machine?
I would have sent you all a personal love, thank you, cards,
and have a great life.
The reason why I'm calling you is because I want to tell you that,
I'm not a sports fan.
I had all looked at whatever.
But I happened to watch a particular basketball game.
And now I know the reason why you always bash basketball
because that is boring as crap.
Oh, it's the worst.
I mean, how many fouls and...
All the way in the room?
Nice hairdos, though.
Yeah, exactly.
I mean, I just don't get it.
It's absolutely stupid and why anyone would want to watch that crap.
Hey, and by the way, speaking of basketball, even as much as I don't follow it,
I didn't see the end of that nix in the end of the game the other day.
All these heat people down here that all...
You know, it didn't make any difference to win that series
because they're not going to go anywhere.
How do you like that to hear Nix winning it?
Oh, man, I loved it.
Even though just stuff it up those phony heat fans as with a cell phone.
Those plastic heat fans with their cell phones
and their phony plastic attitude.
Well, I mean, my fiance likes basketball games,
and I said, go ahead and go, but...
Yeah.
I would not want to go to the...
They couldn't pay me enough to go see that crap.
I don't know how you could feel like that.
The freak show.
How can you milk like three minutes of a basketball game
for like a half an hour?
Right.
All those free throws.
Well, they only have 85 timeouts, you know,
and they save them all for the end.
Yeah, that's good.
They have a 30-second timeout, a 30-minute timeout.
I mean, what's the point?
I have no idea.
Anyway, I love you, baby.
And have a great day.
See you.
Okay, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I don't know.
I got a little bit, I think, that...
that...
that... change, you know?
Never bomb is me any other time.
Go to Europe and I come back.
I go to Vegas and come back.
But this time, I'm feeling the change.
In my hands, I'm not even in my pockets.
But I'm feeling the change.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
I mean, the story about the none and the girl with the HIV pod.
I'm not even going to waste my time with that today.
I'm not going any great day material today.
Why waste my time?
Tuesday after a holiday weekend, these slackards out there.
They're too busy trying to kill each other in a highway here to talk to me.
That's what you're busy doing.
Get out of your cars now.
Okay, park it.
Pull it off the shoulder of the road.
Park the guy, damn thing.
Okay?
And walk.
Save our lives.
Save our lives from a bunch of murdering assholes and cars and trucks down here,
including that jacket.
You know, and I shouldn't say this.
Because, you know, I'm not a violent person, but...
I was thinking to myself, if it would have been me,
all of first of all, I wouldn't have been going that slow.
But if for some reason I would have been,
in that right-hand lane and that jackass came up from behind
and tried to pass me on a shoulder going about 70 miles an hour,
if it would have been me and I would have had a gun in the car,
I would have blown those brains out.
See, of course, the show you should never have gone in the car.
I'm serious.
I would have been psychotic.
Because this guy basically was like attempted murder.
And I actually thought for a fraction of a second,
I thought, you know, I was a little bit of a waste up the road,
and I thought of pouring off to the shoulder
because I was a witness to it, you know.
And then I thought to myself, this is a crazy person.
We've heard that, you know, here in the building,
we've been talking about some people here lately,
I don't want to mention no names.
But this was a certifiably crazy person in that car,
a banana boat person, crazy.
I mean, to me, like an attempted murder, basically,
like vehicular homicide almost.
And of course, he wouldn't be listening to the show
because I'm sure he would need an interpreter.
Put him back on the goddamn rubber raft
and send him back where they came from.
Maybe they were from Caracas, I don't know.
Naniac.
Ten minutes after 11 at 5'50, WQA, I'm going to come back now.
I'm going to come back now.
I'm going to come back now.
I'm going to come back now.
All right now, everybody get around a Gandhi man here.
What kind of protest do you want?
Sit in, nobby, anything you want.
I'm going to come back and talk about this non-violent
to come for a right man because I'm the Gandhi man.
Cooked an organized boy car.
All the guys support him.
All the guys are cheating.
We've got the other team.
Put that up right here.
For those afraid of all the week, the Gandhi man.
The Gandhi man.
All the Gandhi man.
The Gandhi man.
The Gandhi man.
And for the mixes, this would love.
And this is some double-fade.
Cooked a party on just a...
God, let's just walk.
What a dream.
The easy one, the dream.
Cook can make his own clothes.
And after afraid of all the dreams, the Gandhi man.
The Gandhi man.
All the Gandhi man.
All the Gandhi man.
All the Gandhi man.
This would love a justice of non-violent.
The Gandhi man.
That he left prison.
Markled into the end.
All the other religious perquations.
But a very few Caucasians.
Cooked in the realty of these things.
Cooked in the realty.
Take a punch.
Cooked in the fake punch.
Cooked in the past without the ginseng or the black restore.
And launched the Gandhi man.
The Gandhi man.
All the Gandhi man.
All the Gandhi man.
The Gandhi man.
And for the mixes, this would love.
And this is some double-fade.
Mexico's the most beautiful.
Yes, the Gandhi man.
And for the mixes, this would love.
And make the system not bad.
All the Gandhi man.
Oh, I'm the old time king of Catholic religions.
You would better do what I say.
All right, where?
I will starve myself today.
Or blow your brains out.
What are the other?
1114 at 560, Q.
I'm speaking of blowing your brains out, by the way.
You're obsessed with this abacrombian fitch catalog.
What have you ever seen?
If you're leaping through, you find these broads
with the big hooters in here.
Bear bear, by the way.
And of course, a lot of real macho jox in here too.
560, 705, 60, 05, 60 on the old AT&T wireless line.
We got hanged from New York, covered in the bell month today.
Six o'clock we got talking baseball with Donnie B.
Those red hot marlins.
Cardinals in the marlins pregame 630, 7 o'clock game time tonight.
Anybody going to be going to that game?
No.
Here's sunrise.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Great.
I have a lot of things to talk about.
Take two or three hours.
Go ahead.
The first thing was about the drivers.
I have to agree with you.
I'm on the road a lot.
It's deplorable.
One thing I saw, and I hadn't to think about a cheese.
This would be something if you brought the topic up.
I was coming home from work one night.
I saw a little like a horn or something.
And it had one of those fish with the cross inside.
And then it had a bumper sticker that said,
PS23.
And I couldn't figure out what it was.
And it said, fear no evil and shadow of death and that kind of stuff.
I figured out what saw him 23.
But then up on the top of the car it had like a TV antenna.
And you're those flaps that are on the back
to trucks with the woman silhouette.
Yeah.
The naked woman right underneath you to antenna,
along with all the religious artifacts.
I'll put it right in.
So I thought that was an interesting combination.
The other thing is,
did you see Tom Jik is calling about the case against OG.
I never write in front of me.
About that program on HBO tonight.
We're going to point that out to you.
I got it.
Okay.
Now, radio and top volume.
If Tom really would have gone into this thing at length,
which he did not,
the case against OJ listing WINZ question mark,
he would have had to talk about the fact that Rick and Suds
came into work on Friday morning,
unaware of the stupid desperate publicity status
station that they're stationed in Pold with this OJ phonie job offer.
But then he would see them talking about
what I had to mention Rick and Suds
and since he hates to require me so much, he wouldn't have done that.
So he really doesn't write anything about that.
All he does is really write this article to promote the fact
that this horrible awful thing is on HBO tonight,
which I'm not going to be watching.
It should be interesting to find out, you know,
that they say it's pretty gruesome,
some of the stuff they show.
And they play the unequal.
Oh, that's right.
That's right.
That's why people want to watch you
because they show a lot of gruesome stuff,
a lot of foul language.
And the unexecutive.
Yeah, phone calls and I want one call.
Right.
But, you know, we talk about the quality of radio in South Florida.
Two things that happened first.
On the back of the same section,
you see this program that's coming on WSBR.
We do 14-year-old posting the show about wrestling.
No.
And then Saturday, I was trying to get something on the car radio
on my way to work.
And I happened across the show,
and it's a psychic.
And I figured, you know,
it's like one of these small independent stations
that's trying to fill time.
It was W-I-N-Z.
Sure.
Middle of the afternoon on Saturday.
Uh-huh.
Absolutely ridiculous.
50,000 lots of pure unadulterated crap.
You'll help us all.
Okay, have a great day, sir.
I thought he said he had something to say.
5,6705,60,
pound 560 on the AT&T Rylosome.
We got our picture back,
and let's see, is it a pretty picture or what?
Let's turn on that goddamn CNBC.
Oh, look at that.
Down 140 points.
Oh!
You know, I'm starting to get a little tired of that crap.
I can tell you that right now.
I'm serious.
Europe goes through the roof.
I get up this morning.
All European markets are through the roof.
Hong Kong and Japan went up overnight.
I'm figuring, hey, the market's going to go.
The futures was up five points this morning.
138 down again.
Everyday, down, down, down,
except for those bastards that made all those millions and billions of dollars
with their America online,
and with their eBay,
and with the Intel,
and all the other crap that they got,
all these other phantom stocks.
Deucebag.com.
Yeah, except for the people that had that.
Everybody else were all losing our ass.
How's that possible?
Unless you had IBM, GE,
and the other half of it doesn't all have a stupid direct tech stock,
you're losing your ass.
All I want one time,
just give me your stock,
I'll buy it at $2, sell it at $200.
Huh?
Once!
I'm not greedy.
I don't want to hold a whole list of them.
I don't want to hold big portfolio.
Just one.
That's all.
And I'll wait a week or two for it to go up.
$5.670560,
pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Little Havana, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Oh, a new.
Uh-huh.
Oh my God.
Damn.
It's Jorge, little Havana.
See?
Hey.
Amarulio.
Oh, oh.
The Democratic.
Hey.
What do you think about this thing with Robert A. Wallace?
Talking about that,
they're characterizing the INS
as unfair that their employees are all that.
Did you read it?
No, I did not.
What are you talking about, sir?
Well, it was on the Saturday.
I know you were out of town.
Uh-huh.
And it's RE, Robert Steinbach,
you know, the black guy in the hair.
I don't read that crap.
I don't read him.
He's an idiot.
Right, Robert.
This is the INS director
writing into the, you know,
the editor's page,
complaining about it.
And I'm about what?
About his column.
I mean, this is, this classic.
I mean, I'm sitting here, I'm looking at it,
and I'm thinking myself-
Yeah, I think you are looking at it, yeah.
That sounds like it's a name.
Hey, listen, Neil.
Are you staring at it?
I think you're looking one eye back into the other one, yeah?
Yeah, yeah.
Including, go more on it.
Okay, I think that's called Cock-Eight,
is what they call it.
5-6-7-0-5-60,
POM-5-60, on the AT&T-Y-L-S-LIME.
We got one call on the board.
It's deadly.
You know, I'm trying to get my blood-like
to coagulate again or whatever,
the opposite, I guess.
What would you call it?
Thin-out?
Huh?
I don't know the medical term.
Well, no, in other words,
it's the opposite of coagulate.
Right.
When you go to the thin air,
your blood thickens.
That's a mess.
Well, then how come I had all that six-not?
Because it affects your spine.
It always tries out your sinuses,
and then you-
When it dives, it dries it out.
It does.
Yeah.
And then you kick out extra mucus,
and then that dries out,
and that's where you get the really dry cake.
You can get both fingers in there.
Huh?
Oh, my God.
It's a double play.
It's a QA and double play.
I got a finger in each time.
Well, I was hoping to be able to pick out some nice big,
what?
Chums for it, but I don't have any in there now.
What?
What's up?
Oh, come on.
Grow up a little bit.
What do you have?
Jesus Christ.
You're in here talking this morning with Tracy
about the swing clubs and all that crap.
Yeah, so what do you think he was watching, by the way?
5667-0560-0.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
One of these days I'm going to do a show on couples' chasers, okay?
Guys that chase couples around,
allegedly because they want to chase the woman,
but they're usually really chasing the guy,
like 95% of the time.
One of these days, but not today.
Here's a mobile-infor-later nail.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
Listen, I was wondering if you guys can't
to talk about, uh,
a favorite sheriff Nick winning a million bucks out in the lake.
Yeah, that's the last one.
That's old news.
That was last week, yeah.
Uh, so I don't know if he talked about that.
I did, yeah.
I thought he was an anti-gambling.
He was anti-gambling as a goddamn self-righteous,
hypocritical piece of crap with white hair as what he is.
And he was out there with that other asshole Preston Henley,
combined the money and...
He was out there with his buddy Preston Hen.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, my God.
Like the rich kid richer man.
Oh, Jesus.
Man.
Well, now I'm really having a real life.
Thanks for the good news, sir.
Oh, God.
That Evan Preston Hen from the Swap Shop,
where they used to have me do remotes,
only because he liked seeing me practically
and tears on the stage there.
From the elephant crap that sought us.
Oh, my God.
Preston Henley is good buddy, Sheriff Nick.
Two of them, man.
Join it the hip.
I think they even showered together those two.
Sheriff Nick and his million dollars he won in the slaughter tournament.
And yet it's illegal.
See, that's what I was saying.
I'm in Vegas.
And I have it a great time.
And I'm thinking to myself, what kind of crap is it?
What kind of a communist bunch of crap is it?
That it's okay to be here and doing this?
Out in the middle of the goddamn desert.
But God in Florida, it would be illicit and illegal and horrendous,
even though we got every other kind of gambling out of the sun.
And I work on a station where 90% of the people who listen
are compulsive, chronic gamblers that need mental help.
Not to mention half the staff.
Oh, we don't want to have gambling.
It's evil.
The newspapers don't like it.
And the governor of course, he don't like anything.
Because he's a full-flag card-carrying Nazi set of a bitch to governor.
5,6705,60, 05,560 on the AT&T wireless line.
So Preston and his hand were there.
What's your of Nick?
Maybe they pulled a handle together, huh?
Here's a mobile and candle.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, thank you.
I just got back to Vegas.
And you're absolutely correct, sir.
That is one heck of a town.
Where were you?
We just...
And the lay-bang.
Beautiful hotel.
Well, Kitty Corner right across this street from the MGM.
I could have walked over there, but I didn't see it.
I haven't been in there yet.
Great place, great places to eat, great phone.
Looks like a beautiful city.
I just wish the...
I just wish Casino could get down here.
And I think that's going to be forever.
Tell you something, the fact that we're never going to have casinos in this town
is one of the great crimes against mankind in the history of the human race.
And it goes to show you what a redneck Bible thumping,
phony baloney state this is.
Here, here, thank you, Neil, for the advice to go back to Vegas.
And we're making plans already for the probably next four or five months to end it again.
All right.
Thank you, sir.
I'll see you there.
Like I said, what a great place to go and see all those beautiful white people.
Las Vegas.
What are you smiling about?
It's true. I didn't see any sparkes there in the MGM Grand.
What?
It's great in Vegas.
It is.
I mean, if the Schwarzes want to go see the NBA,
that's great. They don't have an NBA team out there.
They can watch the games on the big screens in the sports book all over town.
There are no Schwarzes in Vegas.
Even the people that wait on you are white.
You know, never thought about that before.
We went into a Ralph Steiner there in the start-up switch by the way.
Don't go back there.
They used to be my favorite diner.
Every time we go to Vegas, I always stop for at least one meal.
Usually a couple of breakfasts did Ralph Steiner in the start-up.
And then they tore it up and they remodeled it about a year ago.
And they must have tore it up the kitchen too.
Because the food was crap.
Crap.
Which was shocking to me because, you know, it's like going into a restaurant where you've been there a zillion times
and it's always great and then you walk in and it turns out to be crap.
And I don't know about you, but when I'm in a place like Vegas,
it's got all those great restaurants and per phase and fantastic joints.
I don't want to have crap, you know?
I don't even want to play.
1125 at 560 WQM.
Because my feeling is if I want crap, I'll go back to Miami.
And believe me, they never disappoint.
That bush.
I'm out of my house.
I can't have that.
I want all men needed for that.
Five thousand feet.
And I'll kill them all.
Let them.
Five thousand feet.
Five thousand feet.
Three thousand feet.
Three thousand feet.
Three thousand feet.
Five thousand feet.
Five hundred feet.
Five hundred feet.
Oh, can it be that it's not good enough?
Oh, can it be that it's not good enough?
Five hundred feet.
35, 60, WQM.
I was thinking about that too.
I was leafing through one of the Vegas papers out there this weekend.
I think it's the journal or two.
They have two terrible papers out there.
But anyway, I'm leafing through it.
And there's an article about how the Nevada legislature just passed the bill narrowly.
I think it was like 24 to 17 to allow parents to spank their children.
And I was thinking to myself, what business has the government got telling you whether or not you can spank your children?
Just like what business has the government got telling you whether you can grow a plant in a backyard and smoke it?
And just like what business has the government got telling people if they can build a casino in Florida?
What kind of a fascist God then country is this?
You know when you come right down to what you know I'm talking about?
Yeah.
Talk about Hutzba.
A state legislature is passing a law telling you that it's okay to spank your children.
And the American public said, oh yeah, that makes sense.
You know, whatever crap they do shout, the American public says, oh yeah, that makes sense.
We have to have laws to protect the children, you know?
Like I said last week and I'm never going to forget as long as I live my own words from...
Deal, God!
That's right.
As long as I live I'll never forget my profound words about what's in your brain.
Is it a bunch of crap that somebody else stuck in here or something that you came up with yourself?
Thank you so much John Penis.
Here's lunch for our friends that are on sub by the way.
Yeah, I see another menu sticking in here for another God damn plug.
I see it.
Now good stuff.
Unsubbed specialty sandwiches and smoothies and they can make any sandwich into a salad by the way so you can't have the bread.
Like me, I'm on the Atkins not for one.
Ten or eleven hours, at least.
See, I don't do the Atkins like non-stop.
I do it a few hours here, a few hours there.
Especially overnight while I'm sleeping.
I do the Atkins very well.
Stick to it.
100% never cheated on the Atkins during my sleeping hours.
Here's North Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, how you doing, El?
Great.
You know, you're right about these irresponsible jackasses, people who were drive cars.
No, my wife and I were driving out from the Port of House steak on Sunday night.
You were what?
The Port of House steak?
Yeah, that's right.
Yeah, that's on the Colond Avenue, 183rd Street in general.
So we were coming out as we get in the cab and this jackass, two jackass in there, were hunting the horn.
So this is a, so I would drive you one that pull out.
You couldn't pull out.
This guy wanted to pull in.
The other lady who looked about 100 years old wanted to pull out.
And you know, and he flustered her gone, Neil.
And they couldn't do anything about it.
Yeah.
And well, that's one thing.
And the very irresponsible people, these jackasses.
And they can't drive.
And, and, and, and, and another way they're working on it.
We'll, we'll, we'll, we'll, we'll, can, can, and all that bits.
And, uh, what the hell are we?
What the hell are we?
What the hell are we driving down here for?
I can't understand all that.
Yeah.
So, uh, so, uh, that's my question to you, Neil.
That, that's the question?
Yeah. Right.
About these jackasses.
Question about jackasses.
Okay, well, let me ask you.
Much a question.
Yeah.
Much a question.
Mm-hmm.
Much a question.
I just had a great day.
56670560.560 on the AT&T line. Now if you'll better lunch this year like I said from our good buddies that I've on subdaq. What is this? This is called the tuner. I don't know why they call it that because as soon as I said you I want. Huh?
It's not a tumor. No, not tumor. Tuner. T when you are as in tuner and mayo sandwich, but it's not tuna. It's grilled for strumming Swiss cheese, grill onions and green peppers, peppers, lettuce tomatoes and mustard.
And they put it all together here like in a big salad without the bread if you don't want the sub. Thanks a lot guys and thanks to John penis. Also anyway I'm coming up the elevator this morning with screw in our sales manager who of course you and I don't speak unless we just happen upon each other like this morning when she was coming in the same time that I was and I held the door open for her being a very polite person as I am and we got on the elevator again and she said, oh Neal, you're doing such a great job. You're just the best. Oh God.
Yes, she did. I mean, just the most unbelievable. I looked at right in the eye and I said, and don't put it. Jesus Christ.
I said, don't you have me confused with somebody else like maybe is that possible? And then I said, hey about that Todd Dreck how about having him bring me some coffee for some of those accounts. Oh he happens to be the best sales account exactly we got. That's right. All you people in sales, by the way,
screw and says that Todd Dreck is our best account executive. Not that I want to start anything, but I'm just telling you for the record screw and that's her opinion. I guess the next two.
Roar. So Joe Castles and they're eating his country fried steak. Actually he's eating my salad. What do you mean by that?
Means it was sitting there open and he decided it looked really good and he's picking me to more than you do. Okay. He needs a bottle. Maybe it'll straighten them out. So confused.
So did we find out? Did you talk to the sports people by the way anybody? They know who this guy is for the hercones? They know they're just nuts. Yeah, they they used to know who he was until he saw his almost naked picture and ever cry me and pitch catalog and they're all running around. Oh Jesus models, you know.
Those male models we all know about them, don't we? Yeah. And those identical twins. You know, that's a fantastic. I'm on a right to book on that. You know, I have to do some research first. People start with Jeff and the Doug.
The thing about the incestuous relationship between identical twins. And I still don't understand what all the history about cloning was all about. What's the big deal? It's still on other person.
We've had identical twins since the beginning of time. Stop confusing them with the facts. Okay. Oh my God. You'll have people looking just like each other. Yeah, like these two aren't they are identical as you can get? Huh?
All only one of them has got this pants down with me. So yeah, you can't really have the other one. Huh? Yes, it's the other one. Is that the football player? No, it's the other one. How about the one with his recto? No, that's the other one. Look at that.
Identical, aren't they? At least from the naval up. Should have asked Rob Kaplan's twin brother about that, you know, because he said that he had a much larger penis than Rob. I'm not really sure.
5670560.560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Welcome back. Thank you. I'm back. Listen, you got me going. Let me put a few things together. Go ahead and answer. You are up. Put me back on hold.
No, I said go ahead. Okay. Put you back on hold for one. I said talk fast. I'm on a more. No, no, I said take your time. Okay. Any of it up. You're absolutely right. First you have to now and head with this with the state of Florida, but the broad picture with this country.
Like you said with them, deciding on not only gambling, but spanking when it comes to something like all Joe, this whole country was numb. Yeah, everybody wanted to talk about it. Everybody.
All I know from his crap. That's right. The priorities are all screwed up. All I know about is crap. Anyway, the repercussions are still being felt on that crap that took place between the black and the white. That's right. I'm picking up my right.
I'm a second child. I'm picking her up here at the hospital with her in a Joe to lose you. Congratulations.
Every desk at the front, you know, to get into the children's intensive care. So I will understand that I've been there for the last three days. There's a woman coming to visit one of the children or something in an ancient, but she's screaming at the bar.
You ask everybody you had everybody else go through here, but the black people you asked us to name you. There are drivers like that. You let everybody go by right when I'm walking by. He's wearing the name. He's wearing the bracelet.
There's nothing to do with that. Which is everybody just talking to China about all. I'm thinking that I'm still feeling the repercussions of it. Yeah. Thank you. God bless you, sir. Okay. How can I got the cranked up so God damn loud now? What happened to my overhead? You're getting a little cranky.
You cranked it way up. I saw you. I was the phone call. The phone calls disconnected now. And I was going to crank it down. He done it. He did it.
56670560.560. I'm in 18 and T wireless line. Yeah. For example, I heard somebody had some ass along the show last week calling. First of all, you don't know what you're talking about like most of the callers or this bubble. You know, how do you like that? They want to raise this salary.
It says right in the constitution that the president can wear a similar to God damn law. The president can't, the sitting president can't have his salary increased or decreased by the Congress.
While he's in office. So if they do raise the salary of the president to whatever they're going to raise it, which it should be at least a million dollars, it's only a Paltry 200,000.
Bubba ain't getting any of it. It has to begin after he leaves office. So the guy to call last week that was bitching about that. Number one, he doesn't know what he's talking about. And number two, it's okay for stupid, a little joke to make 10 and 15 and 20 million a year, but your school teachers and your politicians and your law enforcement people. You want to pay them like plumbers like janitors, okay? Like garbage collectors. I'm sorry. Like a sewage. What do they call them?
What is the listing make good money?
Like radio board. Oh, there you go. There you go.
Like radio interns. I'll wait a hell of a day by the way. I'm going back home. I don't feel I will. 24 new to 560 WQ I am if you want great.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I
I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm and their
stamps. I'm making our
That's why they're
Our
Our
That's how many of the
That's how many of the
That's how many of us
That's how many of
he was fine great lunch today by the way
i don't know what it is
the one the gay orgy the gay go it's got provolone a lot of it's on the
internet and then you look like you got a smoothing or something there too when
the uh...
that birding burning smoothie itself
you have a fat burning smoothie
right
yeah
hollywood hello
hello
fat burning uh...
right
uh...
abortion license plate path the
uh... is that through
yes
who's life
choose life that's right
and they're printing letters to the editor from assholes that are supporting it
by the way
some bit of some bit over the weekend writes a letter i forget which paper
saying oh she used to have a
pro-life bumper sticker on her car
and people used to give her the thumbs up
well then she understands the difference between them a bumper sticker
make it a political statement and putting on a state license plate doesn't
you understand the difference obviously not
stupid bitch
i totally agree but how is this going to be i mean
all of the way to the right wing assholes as the other guy
yes
yes
okay i guess he hung up fast he's on his way to the passport office
i told you baby grab your passport though
and i'll see if the airport fast
at the international terminal
because this place it's terminal
five six seven give all get off that thank you
thank you for writing myself to get off that cnbc
got a zet the pressing
and you turn on cnn and they still got the thing down there in the bottom right
that the market's taken another big dump today
well why not you know you guys are making all the big bucks that have all the stuff
let's put you in the scrapper for a little while
the dollar still up there ten thousand four hundred whatever
and like i said if you bought the right fifteen or twenty stocks
you're making a fortune the rest of us i want to give you a chip
yeah kick in the ass
why do why do you that feel like i'm having an out of body experience again
here today i really am
maybe i'm still on the plane between the dialis in here you know
it's your mucus and then why do we have to keep going through
dollars okay they started i'm reading the on the way out there of all things
like a slap in my face i'm reading the magazine out there
delta has just started daily non-stop from tampa to Vegas
are they flying non-stop from a mimeo water deal with a gas no
tampa how do you like that
how do you like that makes you really feel like a
yeah like insufficient when it's they're saying tampas are made you
enough market we're going to find non-stop direct from here to Vegas
but if you want to come from i'm you got to go to Atlanta you got to go through
dollars you got to a rascal on a kind of a miracle worst airlines
which i will not do i will never ever fly that piece of crap again
i mean for those of you who don't mind being jammed in a way like a
sardine can and flying for five and a half hours five and a half long
grueling hours because they're flying a little puddle jumper go ahead be my
guest here's a mobile in Miami hello
and you know you've got to be going with this government full craft
yeah if that's why this down country in the shape it's then you know
first of all this country what i believe were like top in crimes in the world
you know they're they're going to put their two cents in because you can't
thank you kids you know i know that you have a generation older than i am
when i was in school you made a mistake or you did some kind of fall up in
school you sent to the principal's office right you will paddle right you
will paddle in the classroom yeah the teacher will you mother your
father will come to the classroom beat your ass in front of everybody
and now they can't even touch you at home you know that's why you got all this
crap going on over like a little rock you know to the other control next
thing you know you know you can't you can't say a word to your kids because
oh they're going to call the cops on that's right there you can go
kids of ragged rats in the court they'll have a lawsuit on that's right that's
right and another damn thing i'm pissed about is a stupid ass cop to get me
a 220 out of ticket because he said i was going 20 miles an hour on a
50 mile an hour school zone and it was an 8 to 9 school zone and take this
out take this out yeah or the same call okay check this out okay and by the
way guys just say check it out our assholes five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen to what have you ever known anybody who
said check it out who was an asshole no everybody that i've ever encountered
my life who said check it out that's an asshole north mind me be chill out
hey deal sir i caught that on the Nevada spanking rule it's just an attempt of
the state of Nevada to protect their residents sexual preference meaning
what they want to spank children uh-huh don't we all yeah he's spanking it right now
i'm busy eating lunch pal it wasn't it wasn't even it wasn't even exciting
enough to even look at the phone much less listen what you were talking about five
six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen T wireless line here's my
any hello no probably a minute of fan yes sir no i'm not a minute of that last
guy i got 14 question marks on this line so you must be one of the chronic
bulls no yeah no listen that big display about the jack jack that was great listen
to this and over the counter thing that'll help you for your nose it's an ocean
nose drops yeah that's what Joe Castello was telling but you know something now
that i'm having a nice lunch here my nose is open up again it took me a few
hours to uh... reacquimate you know listen i'm a gentle i'm a little ignorant what's
the exact definition of shorts uh shorts uh yeah i can't even say it right i'm sorry
remember the Gulf War five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen T wireless
line one of our great leaders in this band don't even know who that be how do you
like that uh shorts uh five six seven come on let's get with it let's get two or
three calls on here at one time i will make me feel better and may help me get
through lunch i got a nice lunch here i can't even eat at the right proper speed
because i'm busy pumping the guy the info numbers here
because we got a bunch of dead heads here in town just we should have and how come
those kids are out there in Vegas in the lobby how come they didn't call in to
say she was nice seeing you Neil how come you were so guy damn unfriendly because i was
busy out my way to lose money that's why where are they where is everybody
they're all too busy trying to kill each other in a highway out here that's what they're
christall mighty i mean it did it just it's astonishing to me the crap that goes on
and everybody just you know they just kind of fumble away along
yeah yeah
yeah bunch of sheep bunch of freaking sheep
scrolls brings hello
yes sir number weeks ago you were talking about that you just got a
ID recorder chronic
yeah are you happy with it now i'm delighted with it
because i'm interested in getting one and i'm just curious
great they're outstanding did you get the Phillips brand or is that what i did
it is an excellent okay i love it okay get it today don't get it from that same
ass guy though what one experience that was that same as in Margate
yeah first time in my life ever that i wanted to buy something cash money here's the money
you got it for sale i want it no well
had to go through a big son an ant to spend five or six hundred but six hundred
bucks it was
well we can't let the merchandise leave the store are because you know we know
who that guy is and he might leave time tomorrow and go out to Vegas and lose all his
money yeah some crap like that same as in Margate well i hope i hope the bird of
paradise drops a big one right on your roof okay
six hundred open lines here five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the 18t wireless line here's a mobile and bokeh hello
yeah i'm in coil springs now here's a mobile in coil springs hello
it's raining so bad i'm so dressed please slow down if you're out of the highway
yeah pull off the road you idiots yeah okay just a reminder
ten o'clock tonight on HBO i'm not letting me know reminder i'm not going to be watching that
i'll be watching the hockey game i'm not going to watch that oh jay grad
tape at ten journal number five 58 days of duty on the oh jason since several tries
why do i want to see that
be quiet maybe not you but maybe some other people who don't understand what a criminal he is
yeah i can watch it and keep it open mind there's a black lady a bird find
where he's going to tell you what a murdering son of a bitch this guy is
like i said be sure and watch it all right thank you
how was time jick had to do an avoid five six seven oh well you know in his article he says that
um he's got a great line here he says um the contemptible play by i and z you know this uh
phony baloney thing about them offering him a job in merit a clockwork orange type of
response time says everyone who side off on the oh jay publicity stuff
should be shackled with chair and forth to watch an endless loop of the hbo
special your number five 58 days of duty on the oh jason since civil trial
tonight maybe they would realize that the oh j matter isn't a joke
two people in the prime of their lives were killed
and as gruesome a man or as the mind can imagine a criminal jury might have acquitted
Simpson but any lawyer will acknowledge that not guilty does not always equal innocent
and at the end of the thing today time writes the man whom juror number five
and her fellow citizens found responsible for this is the man w i and he wants to
proudly call its own and also the man who wants a thire here to which we say no no we won't
see let me say this to you Roy you want to hang out with scumbags that's your business okay that's
your private life but don't try to inject your personal scumbags where you work which is
what you're trying to do to which we say no and emphatic no
go to hell that's what we say go to hell and don't hurry back
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
no i got some corn v floods in my throat y'all corn beef is kind of like
yeah like a little chunks either that or maybe it's some more bloody chunks from vagus yeah let's see
okay here's a lady mobile in bokeh hello
yeah i'm y'all i'm just in the front uh-huh
uh-huh yeah we all know how to do murder if the murder when you move it up to our
private but on this banking thing my mother beat the hell out of me good not saying it's
right because i don't believe that you have to be kids but i'll tell you what i would never disrespect someone i knew
what was right and what was wrong and i wouldn't trade that for any upbringing you know they need a little
field is kids they don't know so just you know let's ramen my forties and i'm still learning so
you can be done with there's something wrong with the whole way that children are reason
raised in this society they're talking about these kids in Colorado about
well you know the jocks used to pick on them i mean whoever went to school or jocks
theory or some group of people didn't pick on somebody else and if somebody picks on you that means you go
and make a bunch of bombs and you both blow people's brains up i got beat up i got
i got talk down to i got a real big right you know and you went home and you cried and you mother said
i said i'll be fine make it cry out you got a bunch of emotional cripples in this country is what we've got
it's terrible it's terrible but i'd say i have nieces and nephews and i would beat and my mother drank
you know and it was wrong but i see i'm lovely thanks for sharing but i you know i think
you know i think you have to address it right you
hey man that's disgusting have a nice day and you too
okay five six seven uh
how does she know wasn't just the reaction to lunch which is great by the way oh i feel better now
you know and i do want to say this again american airlines even though they may give us mental
hemorrhids with some of the shenanigans they pull their food is the best
even on some of the meals i know hank was belly again about this a few weeks ago
some of the you know if you fly at a time when it's not like meal time they give you what they call a snack
but if you're your first class it's like almost a meal and if dan good stuff is like a meal
and then they give you those big chocolate chip cookies that they put in the microwave in the heat up
you know the ones i'm talking about
huh what is it
for dessert on american airline well that's right first class you wouldn't like i said you wouldn't want to talk to
chocolate chip cookies you can smell them
at least i thought it was chocolate chip i hate you first class people
but they weren't that good this time one of these days you know what they have the best chocolate chip cookies
at the mgm grand down in the snack in a snack shop
i wish i knew what the name brand was about there about four different five different varieties
and there's one that's like i had an award winning thing on it and if you're diabetic it'll kill you but i still like them anyway
and there's these big chocolate chip cookies and they got big chunks of dark chocolate
and a toffee like all through it you know
oh god that was good
somebody will call them the name of brand of those they're fantastic
i should have why didn't i buy about 20 those and stick them in my god damn bag that's why i should have done
three minutes till noon at five sixty wqm you watch
do you keep wearing him my heavy
four-hearted
what was it do if i had normal food good to still got out inside my city
i know
do you get wrong when i street out of song
just like how much i think i'll keep keep keep i'm gonna get by within plants in my grass
oh i guess guys within plants in my grass
oh i don't have to try within plants in my grass
did you know this shot won't anybody
yes i only had to pull my panties down
how they're sweet with your bodies
you guys not to mess in where i could i know
can i use a key by just spreading your lines
yes it doesn't matter if it's a thriller it's guys
how low will you fit between a jump 17
well at least until i'm out of rehab 35
i can't buy within plants in my grass
i guess guys within plants in my grass
i don't have to try within plants in my grass
how do you please go back and try me
she lived through me by carrying my
by carrying my
don't be all about my life
so in this business that's the most important thing
i'm gonna get by in plants in plants in my grass
and i'm gonna step
yeah thank you two minutes after another
five sixty wqa m
well i've got that squeaky sound you know like plastic
so who's got bigger boobs by the way
Jennifer Lopez or Brittany Spears
let's some kind of side by side
okay and maybe rub them against each other
and then we'll turn to a little bit of blind tape
two which ones break first
five six seven oh five sixty
pound five six on the mobile one line
maybe the poppah which is do that
huh? we're starting to get a lot of response inside the building
very quietly there's kind of like this underground discussion going on
because everybody knows Jeff Poppah which plays for the Herkwood football team
and they're coming in here and they're looking at these pictures and they have a crabby and fish catalog
and they're all going oh my god
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
would you just make that up?
oh yeah
but which one is which?
that's the port
which one is the poppah which?
the other one is the brother
whichever one is the other one
here's the mobile and four-letter deal
hello?
Neil yes sir
I just got a Phillips recorder
CD recorder last week
I shopped around
you know what I pay?
four hundred and sixty eight dollars
great I'm real happy for you
if you know how much our lost in Vegas this weekend you'd realize I couldn't care
about paying a hundred and fifty bucks extra for that to the CD
I know what you mean but I was in Vegas
I was in Vegas at the MGM about three months ago and I won 27 grand there
great nice going
at the clap day we'll not the flat machine
how much time do I have to go back to you
see he wants me to feel bad because he got the same thing I bought for six hundred
for four twenty five or whatever it was
do I care? no
five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the mobile one line
so you've got all these people going to Vegas
and like I said before all of them
you know you just accept I've told you for years it's a police state
any American public just hits back it says okay whatever you say okay
whatever you tell us that's okay
much a horse crap
here's Delray Beach all
yeah I'll talk about the Phillips recorder
I was going to say you can get a four hundred dollars but since you already know that
you know you can pull out you know the CD
that cost four five dollars if you have to use one
there's a way to get around that
what you do is you put it in
let it read that it's recordable
you pull out the tray it's very easy doesn't mess with the computer anything I've had one I've been doing for the last two years
and you just put one of the regular
recordable like data CDs in that cost like 99 cents
and it records the fine
haven't had any trouble with it at all
so I just have one that I just put in there
you know that read it and says that it's recordable pull out the tray
and works fine
I don't understand how how can that happen
all it needs to do is read that it's recordable
once it knows it's recordable you can pull out the tray
I don't like the newer models of the Phillips
they have like a flat tray that you really can't pull it out but like the old ones I have the 870
Melissa I don't have it over I just got a couple weeks ago
well there might be the 880 which is kind of the same style I mean you can see if you can
like I'm gonna eat the lip of the the tray and you can pull it out
it doesn't mess up the gears and nothing believe me
I've been doing for last two years and it's all over the internet
it's like a big thing I mean that's why it came out with like the flat one so I don't know which one you have
but you just put it in you know just pull it out
yeah you just pull it out exactly and
pull it out you pull it in get pull it out yeah
you put it in and pull it out
and read it and put it out put the cheap one in
and then record this fine read it
okay great finalizes and everything
okay well listen go pull it out thank you
so what do you say you put it in and pull it out
scored scored
5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 on the mobile one line see I'm I can afford listen I can spread the money
around in the economy okay I can afford the three or four bucks for each one
don't worry about it don't try to save me money make sure that I pay more than most of you do
okay that's the way it should be and doesn't bother me in the least I'm not a cheap skate
I'm not like a lot of people I know in this business who are cheaper and hell
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line here's a mobile in four-water deal
hello hey how you doing okay sir
okay here you're okay it's a little static here you're fine
listen I love Jennifer Lopez I think she's a six-god I love that erotic look she has you know
I love that erotic look she has you know
those moves are pretty real good not too because she can't sing a lick
well yeah that's true not a list thing I don't really able to lick but you can't sing a lick
listen I don't like that the package or you know packing your
like I can I say that packing your back in your like packing her oh my god
oh look what's the thing about the Ricky Mark you're jealous of what you try to say
it's been years to convince my sister
were you fudge back in
what what what maybe laugh was it took me years to convince my sister that George
Michaels was gay she says yeah
he was not your flame or listen I you can't he's that dumb and blind or what
I'm telling you till he admitted to sing at the park in the LA thing that he loved being gay and all this
stuff you know out of it his my sister
Tony son of a bitch you know that was a man as far as the country being a police
state less of himself you just run around see those gangs and corals brings you
realize that we're not a police state okay because those kids will be locked up and
those kids are wild I was very thinking about three months ago
well you have an how come all the people that are smoking a little dope or all in jail and
those kids running around in the gangs that's the point yeah it's really ridiculous it makes me
about the kids nowadays I wasn't burglary king a few months ago which my first mistakes
and what happened was one of the three kids came in and like bumped me in line by accident
and the kid looked at me and said I'd say I'm sorry but I'm not you know just to be
a wise and a smart ass to impress his boyfriend I couldn't say anything because like you
know you were going to do it like 17 if I want to push the guy out it would have been stupid
I would have jail or they would have went to the car and you know shop me right and it's just
kind of scary now is it like you I try to say out of corals bring just like you do good move
I don't think just because his phone up by the way
5 6 7 0 5 60 we got one call on the board here all it's going to be music intensive
now so I can finish my lunch and peace came back to this dead ass place on the first
of June no less oh June and July and August and September man it's going to be a
long hot deadly spell you know I'm talking about yeah it's going to be long and hot
9 minutes afternoon at 5 60 WQM Lorraine on a bagging in the butt
I don't understand why this why
2k
people saw bring their skin with drawing money from their
bank you such a bunch silly geek acting like
paranoia creeps all you believe in what you can
I feel something really don't need to hide and pray no
you believe in what you can I feel something really don't need to hide and pray no
what's the time Gibson that ass hold with the yellow hair
him or I would have lasted so George or just tell me that MSNBC your
historian that work just had some guy on it and obviously hoping you would say
the opposite oh yeah I tried every way that he could the pioneer of computer
programs and he said as far as why 2k said forget about it not going to be the
worst thing that could possibly happen to some people might get a check day to
the year 1900 instead of 2000 and that to be your worst goddamn problem just
tell me we're a little late to catching it that's all things going to crash nothing
going to shut off I don't like that and it's not what I've been saying all along
the hype masters are right it again let's get everybody hysterical okay go on
out there and stock up on your water and on your canned goods and on your on your
lumber just in case who knows what you need the lumber for because you're used to
get in there with her cans okay speaking of the her cans how's what's his name
doing everybody like lemmings everybody guy like sheep just please tell us
what to think what to do how to act how to get hysterical where's Brian
Racross when we need him maybe we could have a special channel for Brian
Racross why 2k hysteria show huh excellent that's a great right this guy is
falling man chicken little here's Miami hello hello yes sir how we doing great
good you're definitely right about these home runs in baseball as a top of on
Friday we're talking about even Greg Maddox hit a home run on Friday yeah and
and it's just every if you don't know I'll run you're not on the news it's a joke
it's an absolute joke yeah that's it I mean all the show on highlights now is
wolf they show a pitch and they show the wall no field there's no pitchers
nothing just the wall maybe Darryl can see the wall of San Quentin that would be
good five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line let's
go here is there anybody got anything to say for Christ say no huh anybody
that's been in Vegas anybody that's been like someplace for real in his audience
no Christ see the problem me is I go on these short trips and it's like now I
look I was never there like I was never gone maybe it's a byproduct of getting old I
don't know what that is but it more and more is my life goes on I was there two and
a half days I was in Vegas I mean fairly uneventful there was a little bit yeah
a little you're usual delays with the airline screwing around but we got
there on time we got home on time you know and then nearly getting killed on
the airports I told you about but that's not unusual for this town but at this
moment I mean it's 1217 it's the first of June and at this point it's like I
wasn't even there you know what I'm talking about have you ever had that kind
of experience like it it was so quick that's why I didn't have time to go to
the Venetian I think they spent the clock up because it was a holiday weekend
they don't want to overdo it you know give us that bonus day off because time
just seemed to fly by when you're losing your ass you know here's a mobile
in Parkland hello hi Neil can you please say it's like a penny here's a mobile
in homestead hello a British beer definitely has a beta boogs yeah but are they
real let's yeah Jeff Lopes got the beta but the poll credit should be who
seems to work and yeah okay that's our poll question who sings worth Ricky
Martin Jennifer Lopez of Britney Spears and Jeff Lopes has a voice from
the state of you know I'm talking about okay thank you and canis
must-matcho Ricky Martin Britney Spears or I think Jennifer Lopez wins that one
hand down don't you how about Jennifer Capriotti 5670560 pound 560 on a
mobile one line I don't understand why all these guys are worried about our
boobs for real because you're never gonna touch them anyway what difference does
it make just look at him and enjoy him what's the problem you're never gonna get
anywhere near them all these people had worry about things like that people
that are gonna get within a million miles of any of these celebrities and they're
all you know blah blah blah blah blah that's the most important thing they got to
worry about I mean what are these people desperately really trying to tell us
for Christ's sake I have no line but we know that here's hi Leah hello Neil yes
sir hold on I'm taking it up yeah five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on a
mobile one line here's top of the beach hello I love you yes sir I was a trip great you know I'm
going next week and I usually get there I'm I can't get there every month how did
you do how did I do one how did you make out lost my ass how come where'd you play I
had now I don't want to go through nobody cares about what did I play where I'd
lost my ass at a good time yeah but good time though the definition no I did I
what did I just get to say and I wasn't at the minute I just got to say yeah but I
wasn't to go I put here by I was I had it on the radio no no I did not get I drove
by it it looks very nice but I didn't get a chance to go in no did you get to the
to the palestations no no you didn't I love the pal I was only there for two days like I said
time this flew by didn't have that much time to schlep around yeah well I'm that's
what I've been saying the last three years they've been giving me a palestation it's a
good place I love it yeah I stand the tower and I do pretty decent right I'm glad you
and I like that diner that got downstairs that breakfast or the iron horse whatever it
is yes very good right excellent excellent stakes and you got a listen well win a lot all right
by a deal what island did you go with American oh I fly America west it goes direct yeah I know
okay listen have a great time okay bring your shoehorn along it's the only airline in America
that when you get on a plane they hand you a shoehorn and you look at it and you say what's this
for all well if the stick your back don't the seat okay because the seats are so small and
a plane is so jammed and crowded oh speaking of people on planes by the way you know I don't
know how much people pay in coach because I fly first class you know when you got a lot of you
know make the big bucks a lot of money to throw away and I really got garbage done this fly I would
be embarrassed to tell you how much I paid on American Airlines I'd be embarrassed to hear it
how you would but you know in coach and I don't know how many airlines are doing this but American
is big into this now they have the barf bag meal not necessarily it's the B-stroll we were called
the barfstroll they they have if you're sitting in coach as you're boarding the plane when you're
going down the ramp the jet way to the plane they have a big thing there and they have these little blue
bags yes blue bags blue bags that's the wrong color no that's the right color for the
barfstroll bag it's the B-stroll meal on America now maybe somebody can tell me what's in the bag
because I know that whatever we ate in first class like I said was pretty good but was it
hell a lot better than what was ever in your barfstroll meal but I mean I know that nobody gets bargain
rates because especially American them in Delta they got you an arm and a leg they really rape the
public I mean rape and as far as being ready when you are they're good and ready when they're ready
okay that's when they'll take off when they get around to it and they jerk you around like crazy
but in the meantime they give you a little barf bag to have your meal from and what could possibly
be in that bag here's pop it all hello I just want the Connecticut on Delta they've got what they
call the sky deli now garbage at its finest okay true story I got out of four lawyers
in the airport and they had this like cooler kind of a white thing there right they go don't forget
to grab your bag on the way yeah that's it right okay there was a banana a banana muffin and a little
thing orange juice okay fly to Cincinnati and then from Cincinnati I I had like only like a 40
minutes time between a live and air and getting on the plane to heart first like it's
grab anything to eat slice as a piece of like 350 oh I'll get that you know and it was nothing
on there and then on the way back from Hartford last night these little snack days were like the
rice crispy the marshmallow thing with the rice crispy on it and how many still two oh okay it's
ridiculous I mean nowadays and the plane was delayed like two and a half hours last night they
don't care no they really don't care I got you coming and going because they they got no
competition yeah I mean for a big shot like you you got the big bucks you can fly first first
last god bless you for the as porcelainers in the back yeah you know so that's what's in the barf bag
dyob pal bring your own barf bag is what I say what do you say his wife had a wife a little bit in it
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty I'm not going to play the whole thing it's
old and stay like that stuff work was playing last week I think Rick was just basically trying to
say is uh well I don't want to pull words in this mouth but I think he was saying I don't give a
more and who would blame I'm coming in on a day when he finds out that his station is doing this
real bad desperate publicity stunt with at OJCraft because you're on four to such a major asshole
well that was a great lunch but I think I'm done okay coast is clear I'm done with that lunch
it was great but why didn't they always have to put like three three pounds of salad in there you know
I mean a little bit of that is good it's good ruffids it'll help you you know
but a little lighten up a little bit on a salad please on all that all that greens please
I feel like Paul Prudome ever see him now he know you you realize he does that show sitting on a chair
you are aware of that the cooking show no you want to wear that
well see the interesting part of it is I'm not joking about this either Paul Prudome is
that New Orleans chef that weighs 800 pounds that looks like Dom Delewese times two
he can't he can't move he does that show sitting like on a stool on his stool
and I caught a couple minutes over the weekend because when you're in a hotel room in Vegas I mean
the selection ate all I good because obviously they want to get you out of the room and get you
gambling and he was making some kind of ice cream thing with this real rich yeah and as I was
watching it my blood sugar was going up just watching it forget about eating it my blood sugar
was skyrocketing just watching him dripping the molasses and all this other stuff into the
topping he was making for this ice cream oh god I was thinking get the honey tune yeah and
then this man you can actually see him expanding on the screen 5 6 7 0 5 6 the pound 5 60 on a
mobile one line here's a mobile in the gables hello Neil yes sir I know you've talked about this
at least a million times but we have to do something to change either the official language and
date county from English to Spanish okay good go work on it 5 6 7 0 5 60 I'm talking about
airlines about barf bags and you know this is so flotter for you talk about boring and one
dimensional but but but but but but but but but sir if you don't like it move to Cincinnati okay
they don't speak no Spanish no pick it up on you in the Cincinnati okay go out to Vegas okay they
got a lot of Mexicans out there but they all speak English go to Vegas a lot of gooks out there too
by the way just as usual wonderful beautiful Chinese people are Japanese you're a bit of a
hello from Asians the beautiful Asians like like I said at the NGM grand there's no shleppers in
there none zero upper middle class young America there's some old farts like me and a few others
hanging around you know they got to have some laches in there to look around but that's what's in
there and what a breath of fresh air to actually walk into a place and see people under the age of
a hundred all having a good time and I'll scream it about bilingualism like this last asshole okay
all I can say to you sir is get a life get a freaking life people like you wear me out when in doubt
you wear me out with your one-dimensional is go get a date with enus the penis Shira or the
other asshole that was Henry Barrow's producer what that was his name that bolt-headed geek Mark
Mark Potter Benson Mark Benson whatever the hell is name well I'm a part of used to work a channel 10 he's a
newscaster yeah he's a yeah and a newscaster too oh next we'll be talking about Richard
Slissinger okay he's also a newscaster 26 past noon at 560 wqa you want to show what an embarrassment
who's the vicious road daddy friends of add disease
get my team K-Q-I R-A-D-O-T
he's a vermin on the proud to like to you when he
get my team K-Q-I R-A-D-O-T
N-T-R-A-S-U-I
N-T-R-S-U-N-E
for ever all to all I-I-I
lose the barma day near my shit power and my team K-Q-I R-A-D-O-T
property one at 560 wqa so when's Ricky Martin gonna be a Disney by the way anybody no let's
do a mobile and what is it Laguna Beach hello yes sir yes I am I uh you're talking to a
a skater from South Florida who actually managed to make it to some living breathing areas are you
yeah congratulations to sir thank you sir I want to talk about Vegas quickly um I too was there this weekend
and have you ever done to drive the seven-california in back from Vegas
have I ever yeah one time ago okay well I don't know what it is but uh there's probably no
bigger group of eight holes in the world than people coming back from Vegas here if you notice this
no can you picture being on a desert highway being cut off by every other truck every third
Cadillac full of old people yeah I don't have to go to I don't have to go to a desert highway
that happens to me here every day no I know it's I don't know what it is about those
that road though that brings out the absolute worst in the nature okay well I'm glad you had a
good time thank you okay call all the way from Laguna Beach California to tell us that they
had drive-like crap out there is what he said make us feel better about being here do we feel better
no five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line I'm serious that thing I saw
yesterday on eight thirty six uh somebody should be in prison for that not in jail somebody should
be in federal prison they should take that whole car full of banana board people and impound the
guy damn thing and sick it maniac oh well there's not a lane over here but I'm in a big hurry I'll
just make a lane okay lips sorry here's a mobile in four-letter deal hello long gone okay mobile in
Miami hello uncle Neil yes sir well you think you have a bad man I drive for a day and let me tell
you the first area in Miami on the beach all these are far yeah yeah yeah in the road wave in
their hand that's it's on sunny snow down that would have been I don't know how to run in front of you
man they don't give up crap it's unbelievable second thing I want to thank you for turning me getting
me away from the millen chocolate and turning me on the furniture I've been buying that crap by
that case yeah I'm gonna get some today when the show is over because I need it I'm gonna get my
blood sugar up to three fifty New York chunk oh yeah super fun chunk one of the best it's I
definitely on the top three man anyway last week by the way we tried that new double pistachio
they got out now I got to try great the fish food is excellent one more thing if you could please
if I could say it again okay have a great day sir your phone is scrapping out and the answer is
no okay five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line I'm back I'm going a
little bit too fast that's the problem I'm going a little bit too fast for this place okay I'm
I'm out that pace I was in Vegas that that rapid fire that whatever pace that was too fast
slow it down okay slow it down keep it light Neil keep it light slow it down you'll never last
six months on a air here Neil okay let me say it again here it's June 1st 1999 and all those
old parts from WKAT from 23 years ago that were giving me a son of dance I'd never last six
months in his town guess what the good news is they're all dead oh thank the Lord so how's the
teenage God Squad coming out there huh they've all found the Lord in Jesus and uh not that they got
that martyr yeah they got a martyr that's right he says you believe in God she said I believe in
God and he said yeah maybe you'll find God now maybe you'll be with him that's why God let it
happen yeah that's why God let it happen that's right that's why I let him pull a trigger let's pick
up some interest yeah I mean you talk about having no brain at all okay something grotesque and horrendous
happens like that which shows us that as people we have to take more individual responsibility and
stop with the fairy tales and instead all the young people now they tell us are turning to a fairy
tales another cop out for the human race and that guy that gave me that facts by the way three or four
weeks ago about that analogy I gave about the rose that's the perfect analogy the perfect analogy okay
whether it's a rose or a dog or a cockroach or whatever it is it's born it lives and it dies okay
like that bumper sticker says what does the bumper sticker say you know the one I'm talking about
you live your life and the life sucks and then you die or something like whatever that is
that's it so make hey while a son of shining okay because after that it's going to be a long
nap which I notice most of your course search had a lot of practice here's the lady in homestead hello
hi Neil yes man how are you great good good I just wanted to add to what the previous gentleman said
regarding the Delta deli right and I want to hear about the American Varshtrel bag too I want to hear
what's in that well I'm sorry I should take fortunately I haven't had to have anything like that
but I flew last week on Delta and I got the deli bag and the banana that was in my bag
yeah it was just crushed to death oh yeah I know I know there's nothing worse than having your banana
crushed that's true and stupid me I asked for another deli bag I got another one and the banana
was even worse all right yeah I told the the way I mean as stewardess this one was bad as well and
she looked at me and said that was the second thing she said but the first thing she said was
what do you want me to do yeah I think I think we just heard the answer right exactly so in closing
Walter wise you're a pool queen in douchebag okay sweetheart thanks thanks
those bananas watch those cars bananas honey oh I mean why a piece of food oh and guess what when
they're when they're taking off they make the announcement about the because these are these uh what
is what are they um in eighties whatever they are there's a little crappy planes coming back the one
from Vegas to Dallas and from Dallas there they were both the identical plane because we had the
bulkhead the same exact seats on both planes crappy planes puddle jumpers and so they have a limited
amount of room for you know luggage so they're talking about be sure and put you know one piece of
luggage in the overhead and anything else has to go under your seat and also in in coach be sure
and place your bistro bag under the seat for takeoff now this is the bag that has your luncheon it okay
place it under the seat where god only knows what kind of stuff is hanging out from that seat for takeoff
why why why can't you like hold it in your lap and the bag too can't do that we'll throw you
we'll throw your overboard okay on the year seat
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one on before I leave here today I will find out what's in
that barfster bag somebody will call and I was saying to john you'll be they could save it they're
always worried about saving money they could save a lot more money by also making those the barf bags
why do they have to have special blue bags why can't they just put the lunch in your barf
bag and when you're finished with lunch you stick it in a behind that little thing in front of you
behind the magazine and if you do eat the barf meal probably will be uh
using the bag real quick anyway
the airline suck let's face it mo I do love virgin Atlantic I love them they're great
alitatio once they get you off the ground on the ground it's typical of tight and confusion
but once they get in the air they're great food is good but most airlines let's face it they suck
with all the respect that my good friends out there at my international and they love me out there
am I by the way I just mentioned that in passing the that those are my two biggest places are the
sawgrass publics and my international huh i'm telling it especially at the m it rooms about
two in the morning especially over by american airlines i hear that's the rumor
twenty before one what do you why do you think they fly huh they love to fly and it shows
don't miss the biggest automotive event of the year it's Potampian Toyota's 99 dollar below
invoice sale get brand new Toyota's at ninety nine dollars below invoice with no money down
boom
yo i'm a neighbor you're a neighbor he's a neighbor we're all the
our greetings friends like all black people do but why do you want to say it to so they can
sound real cool i'm a neighbor you're a neighbor he's a neighbor she's a neighbor we're all
I'm a major booze.
Now the biggest apple find another word to use.
It used to be real bad.
But now it seems okay.
When African Americans address themselves that way.
I'm a year younger and younger.
She's a bigger wearer.
I'll take her booze no longer the vernacular
voracial abuse.
It used to be taboo.
A nasty thing to say.
But now we stand eat all about my black folks every day.
Yo.
I'm a senior year in a year.
He's not a huge hunter.
We're all bigger booze.
I'm a senior year.
He's a senior year.
He's a senior year.
We're all bigger booze.
I'm sick of watching things.
I'm kind to your ass.
Who is to?
It really does.
It matters.
I'm supposed to have everyone in my house.
Woohoo!
Yo.
Yo.
Yo.
Yo.
Check it out.
I'll be grandmas' soup.
I'll be wishing my faith.
Laying with my record.
I'll be twisting it.
I got risen.
Stop there, too, dude.
Put the lotion in the back.
Welcome.
Okay, 1245 at 560WQA.
I just want to say this right now.
And I've mentioned it before.
Anybody that says no matter what your rustkin color is.
If you say check it out, that means you're an asshole.
Nobody with an IQ larger than their thumbnail says check it out.
You know what I mean, Sam?
567-05, maybe redneck, say check it out.
I don't think so.
Oh, anyway, here's the fact from somebody who works for American Airlines who knows what's in the bar store bag.
One ham and cheese sandwich.
A bag of laced potato chips.
One famous anus cookie.
A little thing of mustard for your sandwich.
And you get a drink after you board the plane, of course.
So, as I'm old enough to remember when we had regulation, the only way the airlines could compete was on service.
I used to work for Eastern where they had five star dinner service.
Those were the days.
Thanks to all your Republicans who deregulated those.
Now we're just a bus in the sky.
Very well put.
A bus in the sky.
Nice going.
Yep.
And I'm not saying most of the people that work on the airlines are on the planes.
The stewies, the flight attendant.
Sorry.
Are pretty nice.
Some of them are pretty nice and some are nice and not.
But nevertheless, they do their best and they put up a lot of crap from the public.
They have to deal with the public, which you're most of us hate.
But nevertheless, they're limited in what they can do.
The only thing you know what bothers me tremendously.
I mean, I don't know about you.
But when you finally land on a plane that's delayed and you're trying to make a connection or you've just flown a long time and you just want to get off that plane and get your car and hope you might get home alive.
They land and they finally get the damn.
You know, the idiot is getting the door on a jetway there aligned with the door on the plane.
And they finally open the door and you're up there in first class.
And with me, I'm always, or virtually always the first one there.
I grabbed my bag from the overhead and zoom.
I'm right there at the front of the plane.
I'm the first one on.
I'm the first one off.
And they open the door and the jackass from the airline on the inside.
They have to stand there and play little grab ass with each other while you're standing there waiting up.
Can I get off now while you're talking about how many goddamn wheelchairs you need or whatever else you're talking about?
You know what I'm saying?
In fact, you know, when they're adjusting the thing and they get on the phone with each other anyway, why can't they just say, I need two wheels.
I got two games back here and they two crypts and they, you know, something.
And then open the door and let us out.
I got one stiff and two crypts in the back, okay?
So I mean, they need two chairs in a box.
It's the four lottery.
I don't fly to four lottery anymore because you can't park there.
But boy, every time I used to fly to four lottery, we need 48 wheelchairs.
It's the geriatric special.
The death express.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
A meal.
Yes, sir.
It's so true about the flights coming back into Florida.
The cemetery express.
I think like you can get out of Florida by coming back in if they do the pre-boarding for all the old folks.
Not so bad in Miami, but when you're flying a lot of day, I guess it's all the brower people, you know.
But they do pre-boarding and the plane's already full.
So when I get on, it's only me loading.
Uh-huh.
It's hysterical, but those American airlines do stack things that give you.
They're trojians.
The sandwiches are as hard as hockey fugs.
They give you these sundry fruit things and I would feed it to my dog.
Yeah.
But I went to Toronto this weekend and had a fantastic time.
Everything you said about it is right on the mine.
Great city, man.
And air Canada, right on the money.
Actually had a real meal on air Canada.
And I was so surprised.
I was kind of shocked.
I'm so used to flying.
And if we don't get carried away, the food is okay on air Canada.
It's not great.
They would be better than that.
They would be better than the hockey fugs.
Let me tell you.
Right.
And the one another hockey fugs.
The only bad thing about Toronto is, I guess, because of the economy so bad right now, there are a lot of homeless people.
No, I've got nothing to do with the economy.
It's always that way.
I mean, before you notice how polite they are though.
Oh yeah, it's a spare-fin change, mister.
And you can barely even hear them.
And even if you walk on by, thanks anyway.
Have a good night, eh?
And they don't want money for food.
They want money for coffee and I'm not here, right?
And talk about sports fans here, of course, you know, it's just all the social occasions.
But there they live, being breathed, you know, hockey and baseball.
And it was quite impressive.
Well, I'm glad it's over.
Okay, enough for one year.
At least had a nice run.
Now it's all over.
Now maybe on a weekend there will be some people out on the street.
And they will be bowling from 7 to 10 a night on a young street.
Very true.
It's sad though that you know, I went by the old, I mean, police gardens and talk about a mothball, you know.
It's kind of sad in a way.
Okay, pal.
See you on church street.
Have a good one.
Okay. You know, I think I'm going to have a experience any second now, you know?
I do mean any second.
I mean, any minute.
I mean, like any millisecond.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, pal.
When you know your system gets all messed up, I was thinking we should have sent, maybe it's getting a little bit late now.
We should have sent an FU and Sam out with a QA and van.
No, we could have given away some of Neil's chunks from the Vegas trip.
Huh?
Some of Neil's bloody chunks.
Hmm.
If I were to find a hand at the time, I would have saved some.
I would have brought back a whole sack full.
I would have borrowed one of those empty bar throw bags and filled it up with Neil's chunks.
Hey, it's just as good as some of the other crap that they try to hand out with that stupid van.
Oh, here's another hit for the Neelies.
We have free tickets to something that nobody in the world will take even if we put a $100 bill in the envelope.
Well, that's because Sam is busy, you know, running around telling stories about all his friends.
Here's a mobile and four-lotterdale.
Hello.
Good Neil, how are you doing?
Okay, sir.
You all fly first class?
Always.
Okay, so they don't give the Delhi bag to the first class today?
No, they don't.
That's why I was asking what's in them.
Okay, so I mean the bad is that they give.
Why they crushed.
Meaning what?
What are the stutuses that are doing with them?
Yeah, okay, huh?
Second call today for that asshole, okay?
Glad we're keeping you off the streets, okay, pal?
Jackass?
We know what you're doing with him.
Here's a guy that's got a 1 banana in his mouth and 1 in his...
Spectum.
...which maybe balances it out.
Or maybe it's the same one.
560-705-60, 0.560 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile and pompano.
Hello.
Hello Neil.
Yes, sir.
That guy's...
We should all be so lucky for whoever called you from American Airlines about the B-still bags.
Well, I sure didn't get that.
I just flew back and forth to California.
What did you get?
I got...
Let's see, a small carton of orange juice.
A banana.
So...
How about the ball?
This must have been a morning flight.
Breakfast.
Breakfast.
It was also the way 2.5 hours.
The sun, the sun, the dried cherries and raisins.
And you had your main meal, a little carton of yogurt.
And then on another...
Having a perfect leg of the flight, you did get...
You got like kind of a small turkey sandwich.
Like all wrapped up, you know, wrapped in real pie in the saran wrap on a tiny bite.
So, one can stay up for the 4-5 hours that's sitting around, right?
And the mustard, a little mustard.
And I don't even think...
I think the best thing I got in the second bag was like a little package of the
Peppers from Milano Cookies.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, they were real good.
And that was it.
I mean, I...
I mean, the famous anus, those are good.
Yeah, but we know...
So, of course, you can only eat one bag, you know.
You were talking about the...
I heard you talking about American Airlines food, and I was wondering what the hell you were talking about.
First plan.
I think it was first plan.
I just walked into the door a second ago, and someone was talking about Ben and Jerry's ice cream.
Was he talking about the new flavors at all?
No, he's just...
Oh, because there's a beginner.
They made kind of a second version, a second or a version, a fish food called Bovenity Divinity,
which is white chocolate ice cream with dark chocolate cows, instead of the fish that are dark chocolate cows,
and that's swirled with dark chocolate ice cream and white chocolate cows.
Oh, my God.
And it's a little less guilty than the fish food, and I saw it out in the comments.
Well, because you don't have the marshmallow and the caramel swirl through it.
It's lighter ice cream, which is ice cream in the cow chunks.
Yeah.
And boy, it is.
Oh, my God, my own chunks.
I don't need that.
And they also have like a triple caramel chunk, which is caramel ice cream with chunks of caramel.
Yeah.
And they have like a mocha latte, I think, which is a low fat ice cream.
No, not for me.
I don't want a low fat ice cream.
I want high fat.
I had...
I saw the Bovenity Divinity for the first time down here in the public scene yesterday.
Bovenity Divinity...
Oh, I like the name, anyway.
Bovenity Divinity.
And again, my wife's still driving us.
She can actually keep a carton in there for like a week.
She will like a little at a time.
Oh, I can't...
You know what I'm saying?
I will admit this.
I've had a pint in for like two days, okay?
That's my record.
But maybe I went out at night and I got it and ate half of it, and was able to save some for the next day.
And as soon as I got home from work, I immediately sucked it down.
But me or nearly, the pint is gone.
I have to give her an ultimatum at times, just to listen.
If it's not there, if you don't finish your pint tonight, it's not going to be...
Oh, and somebody said a couple weeks ago they're starting to make it in quartz, is that true?
I've seen some. I've seen some flavors in here.
Oh, no!
And now, yeah, I've seen very few of the flavors in quartz like maybe just...
Thank God.
Don't do it.
Maybe they're just like vanilla and they're chocolate chip or something.
But I mean, I can just sit there and eat a pint with the freezer door open while I'm standing.
You're looking at the clock, and you have sex.
Well, it takes me 37 seconds to get out of the microwave, and once I'm on the loose with that.
Well, look at your public scene.
I think there's going to be just this big overrun on the Bovenity Divinity here.
There is on a fish, we'll get down there.
Okay, I'll be there at 245.
Damn good. Thanks.
I know.
I have sounds good for today.
Get that blancher up there at about 350, 375.
Come on, crank that baby up, okay?
Why not? You only live once.
Always health nuts out there like me.
You know, that's screw it.
You know, see, take a pillar or two.
Then, of course, it gets to the part where the pills don't work anymore.
And you start on the insulin shots.
And then, you know, you go blind and you lose your legs.
But, hey, it was a lot of fun in the meantime.
Wasn't it?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on a mobile one line.
They're addicting us to crap that's killing us.
Where's your God now?
I'll tell you what, then God's not at the supermarket.
I'll tell you that.
You walk into a public restroom.
God sure isn't in there.
Because if he were God stinks, I'll tell you that right now, okay?
If God is in the toilet, God stinks like crap.
Christ.
Where the hell was it?
I walked into a public, must have been the airport.
To take a leak.
I walked in there, I thought, man, it smells like a toilet in here.
God.
Although, you know, when you walk into some of the public restroom,
and you read the graffiti, you have to assume that maybe God was in there at one time, you know.
Maybe doing the limbo rock under the stall there.
According to what Tim Russell's wife, whatever her name was.
Who was famous for about two minutes once you wrote that book?
By the way, how's Andrew Koonan and Junior doing these days?
1256 at 560 WQA.
I'm serious.
You know how every day has its own particular feeling to it?
I'm numb.
I have no idea.
I know it's Tuesday, but other than that, I just, I'm in limbo.
Is it only me?
Huh?
I just, this day doesn't have any field to it.
It's like I know that I'm here, and I'm not all that excited about it,
but it's just, yeah, yeah, like that.
Yeah.
It's the water just in a hour.
Well, it works in low-bears.
And I've got no fears.
Both of you go where no men don't be foamy.
The body goes and lifts, and moves as well.
That's why your face says we do and see.
The evil leaves is just dead.
They said it's heinous.
But like a faith man, I'm so good in Uranus.
It tastes like a candy to me.
The wind and the inter-riding sea,
your moon is shining on me.
It's like a penny to me.
Well, say, then, be brave.
The tumble-out dance I just gave, makes the hero my dad stand straight up.
Now I'm a real super god of life,
I'm a big hero super.
Please, I love you, tell us it, because I got a must-see to be,
my friend's calling number two.
I heard you yelling, Chacha, but I prefer to do.
It tastes like a baby to me.
The sweetest way to life is,
the moon is shining on me.
It's like a penny to me.
Now, food on ways I came while the starless, I'm going inside.
Trust me, I won't hurt you.
Things get not delusious when I see rail door to roof to a tomb.
And the whole star's down with not so bruised.
When will I do?
Please, miss, feel it like a man.
You'll find it hard to sit down when I get done with your can.
It tastes like a penny to me.
The sweetest way to life is,
the moon is shining on me.
It's like a penny to me.
By the way, take your time reading that catalog, George,
because you won't want to come back in here any time too soon.
Because it smells like a penny in here.
It's four minutes after.
Well, you know what I'm doing my best to prolong the inevitable.
You know, I'm kind of leaning up until thing is leaking here and there.
And, you know, very successfully so far.
Here's the fact that I'm glad you had a great time in Vegas.
I'll be there in two weeks.
One thing I'm curious about.
You haven't mentioned, did you get the freebie meal out the Rosewood Grill?
No.
Didn't have the Rosewood Grill.
Like I said, I didn't have time.
There's just only so much time in a 24-hour day.
And last time I checked, it was only 24 hours.
And when I'm in Vegas, I don't sleep that much.
First night I got to bed about quarter to three in the morning.
I was up at 7.45.
Second night, Sunday, got to bed around three in the morning and got up at 8.45.
That's it.
Who wants to sleep in Vegas?
All depending on who you're sleeping with, right?
So no, I did not go to the Rosewood Grill.
I didn't get a comp there, but I'm sure you will, because here's a guy that gets comped at the MGM and at the prompt.
And I would do, okay, all the money I drop out there, but I'm just a puss.
Like I said, let me spend more, which means better for the rest of you.
I'm not one of those cheekbackers that's looking for everything at a discount, everything wholesale, everything for free.
5.670560, pound 5.60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Searching for a satellite signal.
But it must be the end of the world out there, you know?
Too bad we don't have a window.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, first time call a long time listener.
Hello.
Yes, sir, I'm listening.
Yeah, I work out here for the catering company.
They cater to American Airlines.
Uh-huh.
And yeah, they exactly like what the guy put on the facts.
You get a bag of waffles and half a tuna.
I mean, a half of a turkey sandwich.
Yeah.
But the flight time is average.
The flight time is average even worse than that.
They get even less than that.
Flight time is getting like an ounce of tuna.
Yeah.
And, uh, and, uh, and, uh, stay or bread like a pita bread.
Well, that's not because we don't want to fly to tenons.
Can any stomach problems be off?
Because, uh, that's the last thing we need is them.
Uh, the worst thing they ever met when a captain comes out and uses the first class toilet.
You know, get out of there, okay?
Because, uh, it's supposed to be for us.
We're paying on this.
We're not getting paid.
Yeah, but you don't see it when you guys get off the plane.
Yeah.
The next flight attendants that come on board.
They're searching for the whole left over the side of the car.
To see what they can eat because, you know, they don't get no food more than that.
Really?
Yeah.
So, you know, they'll search around the trees and they'll find like an orange, you know.
They didn't have.
Okay, I'll start leaving a little something behind from now.
Okay, thanks for the good news, pal.
Okay, you made it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
I just, I don't know about that kind of a job, you know?
Because talk about being a captive audience.
I mean, uh, almost anywhere any other kind of a job, even like those waitresses at the year,
you know, in wolfies and the old days that would rip off their apron and scream,
I can't take it anymore.
People are media and it would run out, you know?
I saw that happen at least two or three times.
At least they had somewhere to go, but on a plane, you're like kind of a captive audience.
We're nowhere to run, nowhere to hide.
An addition to which, how long did they get to stay over, you know, when they go somewhere?
It depends.
Maybe a day.
Maybe a weekend.
I don't even imagine a weekend, probably like a day.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a lady in Port St. Lucie.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil God.
Yes, ma'am.
Yes.
I flew on American, but this is a year and a half ago.
So we only had like a half a sandwich of like ham and cheese.
Yeah.
The bags of mini-cortiacips, that there were like three or four of these mini-cortiacips in the bag.
And they actually had water in there, but it was like this thing that you just peeled the wood off of this thing,
the smaller than one of those yellow things you get in the public.
I mean, the water actually in the bag, I started laughing my butt off.
Yeah.
And then the cookie.
It was laughable.
So I always bring like that.
Yeah, I don't want you to feel that, but in the first class they had those fresh chocolate chip cookies, you know, that they heat up in the oven?
Oh, well, we actually sat in this book, as he said, we're talking about another.
And the 80 or whatever, heck not the M80, but the 80 super whatever they call it.
Right, that's a crap.
Yeah, we could peek through the curtains and they were getting, we thought it'd speak, come out.
And I had the little salt and pepper, you know, shaker, we're really not that bad.
Yeah, and it really is in first class in American, the food is very good.
Yeah, well, we had the box bag.
Okay, good luck.
All right, thanks now.
See ya.
Bye.
5607able.
0560, 0560, 0560 on the ATT.
What was that?
I thought like I was missing something.
What did he say?
Did you guys eat already?
Oh, that's right, Sam.
I guess he must have missed lunch already.
Is busy gossiping around and building, telling all those great stories.
Yeah, we already ate, Sam.
Sorry.
But we'll be sure and miss you next time.
5607, 0560, 0560 on the ATT wireless line.
It's 9 minutes after 1 at 560, QM, the heck.
Did he ask you to check and he'd stop dancing?
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
 uranium F1 u
M
and the hangover show like i said from new york into a clock dot it be talking
baseball six thirty the marlins and cardinals six thirty pregame game at seven
o'clock tonight and no no here's my any hello
ill-out of our yet okay sir ever find southwest no
well we should know going in you're not going to get in but a bag of peanuts
yeah but the
cool at least has a sense of humor
they'll tell jokes while they're taken off you know really yeah i mean
the last of my fluid as a plane to take it off the uh...
the stewardess or whatever you want to call the start you know and run for
us run run run as the plane takes off
they told you it's the whole time well that's great
and it was to give you a problem issue with some of those old crash your
plane crash movies to a
that they have a lot of stuff that takes your mind off of your
that's the fact that's good first of this lot of turbulence
of game life night though i'm not so all over
at least we don't have a
barren's warning working right that's right not good enough for the panthers
i could offer us
and i think about the ronno
and don't don't forget about the rough yes sir
thinking of taking a trip up that way uh...
other than you know what's what's to do with that
and i was
but what do you mean what is to do with
what is that mean
well i go to a bathhouse that probably a new experience of it what does that
mean trying to experience
well what is there to do anywhere there's night life there's uh... food
there's uh... stuff you know there's
shopping
well there been a north of the border so just curious as far as i get you
did ran a car to drive into uh...
now you want to run a car you want to do is you take a cab to uh... the
state downtown somewhere in a nice hotel to take a cab from the airport
the airport is like a long long slip its way west of the city
you know anything about the weston hotel some like that weston hard hard
yes right downtown that would be fine
i think i'd agree
uh... subway system the rocket take all of the city
i mean you know the city cn tower so i think there you go you know it's
great and it's in the best part of it is it's not here
well exactly how's the weather like you know i've been there in june like you
know it'll be perfect perfect
okay eighty five and a shade the uh... miscutus of the size of boring balls it'll
be great
okay how they have a good country no problem customs
that's what you think you got you got a passport
yes i'll write you're in
have a good time now okay so listen to the guy to get the McDonald's up there
burger king no yeah they do
they got subway they may got McDonald's they got burger king they got the
hardies they got you they got Tim Horton
oh we got so many world travelers in this town you know i want to give you a
kiss yeah
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eight t and t wireless
life
here's pepper pine hello
yes sir you know i'm tired of you ripping the Christians when you're good
okay well i'll find some of the show go find a christian show to listen to
okay asshole you're tired you sound tired you sound like you barely spit
the words out so i can get a mouthful of crap
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eight we're talking about
food on the airline disguise was tired me ripping the Christians
there were a few Christians on a plane
here's Miami hello
what is these phone lines Miami hello
hey you're so stank okay thank you
here's tempered pines hello
okay there's another one what was what was that what was that
new and on me five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen
t line we got one call after the board sounds like we're playing fast and
lucid bells up again today like somebody got their finger deep inside somebody
else is doing a little twist with the without chubby checker that's what it
sounds like to me here's a mobile and cutler rage
you know
yeah huh see what i'm saying
and they all said they all got that uh sound on them too now five six seven oh
five sixty anybody left out there no any real colors i got a lot of good
music here man i can digest my lunch and peace
pound five sixty we pay for it on the eighteen t line
here's a mobile in Miami hello hello yes sir how you doing this this phone is a
history this phone just had it go ahead sir it's not like you're in a
barrel so do you that guy that called about the southwest
airlines yeah he's dead on the money that's a great airline we were landing
coming back from Nashville yeah and either the pilot of the cold pilot started
with this wall big fellow wall big cell an all like crap
crack everybody in the plane up the plane didn't crack up everybody crack yeah good
airline okay thanks for the good news i don't know about you folks but when i'm
on the airline i like to think that uh our people are a little bit more serious
up any will cockpit don't you like to think that uh yeah i'm not looking for sit
down comedy i'm looking for like adults up there who don't sound like you just uh
we each to the wind wow i mean you know maybe your idea of being on a
plane trip is a little bit different from mine but uh more power to you you stick
with southwest and it sounds like to me i'll stick with everybody else five six
seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the oh eighteen t wireless line
here's a mobile and point and v chillow hey mr. Roger how are you yes sir um i
would agree with you about what we were to say about south left i'd like to assume that
instead of holding the intercom button maybe they got their hands on uh you know whatever
like them yeah thank you um i just flew out to Vegas greatest place on earth just got back we
said at the mgm upon your recommendation place on earth but it's a great place for a couple of days
uh we said at the mgm it's awesome but we did take that uh america
without the nine and a half hour flight lottered health straight to
Vegas terrible awful early it was it was awful well then it was that same weekend that the
Miami airport was all messed up you know where they couldn't leave or stay because uh
all the Haitians had done something with the radar the Haitians had done something with the radar
uh i don't know i thought it was the Haitians maybe the radar was just out oh the Jamaicans
the Jamaicans had done yeah it was a little smoky on a radar screen yeah and so they couldn't fly
so yeah i was brutal but i just want to say i had a great time
Vegas rules just by sucks okay thank you see you five six seven oh is anybody understand
anything they're saying this hour no but it's a kilton good time five six seven oh five six oh
you got that are we going too fast i think that's the problem in pound five sixty on the AT&T
wireless line with our real group of world travelers we got here today we're really learning
a hell of a lot about world travel uh make no mistake about that here's a lady mobile in
four-letter hello yeah i just want to tell Neil that he likes to criticize people but he didn't like
to take it meaning what you like to criticize people but when people want to make their comments
about about what about what about like when you just get to the question to the Christian yeah meaning
what excuse me meaning what what does that mean you don't you like to criticize people but you don't
like he said he's trying to make criticizing Christians and i told him to go listen to something
else then are you tired of it too i don't care but i mean then mind your own business okay but
i don't be a third party and okay you're getting two minutes in a box third lady and okay don't be
buttoned in to everybody else's disagreements i'm sure you got plenty of your own she's got to jump
on the side of this other i don't i'm not here to be criticized i'm here to enter to be an entertainer
to provoke to do whatever it is the careful hours every day i'm not here to listen to your critique
you want to critique somebody go in the toilet and critique okay i'm not here to listen to critiques
you choose to listen to this show nobody's holding a gun to your head okay so if you enjoy it
great more power to you if not take up a hobby okay like Russian roulette something else
man surly hostile probably an old jay liquor five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the AT&T wireless line maybe put her in touch with bro i look around with him okay they
can commiserate here sunrise hello hey new yes sir i just took my word out of my long
time listener i like to show a lot where are these people they're calling three does that you know
how do they get your number yeah it's starting a little bored must a whisper near them maybe they
write it on a wall in a tea room somewhere i have a list of you show he must be holding a gun
of their head making them listen and listen great show keep up good job okay and have a great day
they got nothing to say get get the music out okay i'm gonna start playing some music to know
with us come back from Vegas after a very stressful weekend lost a lot of money had a great time
and these people you know and every why do i go through this why am i even saying this it just
put it on a tape always the same is it ever gonna change of course not absolutely positively
will never change this is a relentless place that refuses to change that is incapable that is
undesiring for change that's why we don't have casinos here that's why we don't have people
I could drive their finger up their back don't slice their cars down the road like in a way that
makes any sense this is the way they like it this is a love it they embrace it they're squeezing it
here's Palm Beach hello hello nail yes sir how are you great good i got a story i think you'd
enjoy you could relate to i got a 99 Corvette now you drive what a 90 99 2 99s okay i've got a
yesterday discovered a nail in the left tire left rear tire went to the dealership today
told me how to go to a video dealer right i went there could not catch the tire because the
nail was in the sidewall can't get a tire after weight five days for one to come in as you
notice no spare in that car right can't drive the car for five days cars got 2800 miles on it
well what do you mean you can't drive it for five days you can drive it with a flat you can't
once he pulled a nail out couldn't put a patch in it oh he pulled a nail out right nice nice huh
and they're not going to give you a rental nope okay well good luck to you sir
okay let's commiserate for this guy okay he's got a 99 vent to can't drive for five days what are
we going to do we're going to do something about it no no five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the AT&T wireless line call and let us know what your problems are okay let us know
what you're what you're beef let's bring that back showing no let's not say that for the
morning show it's going to be a long hot desperate summer here's tamara hello i'm going to
yes sir what's up buddy not much dating a christian girl right yeah no start picking on the
Christians now sir if i don't feel bad for me i think she says i'm not going to go to heaven
because i'm not a christian yeah one week i'm going to have a little bit of sex next week no sex
because she feels bad because it's not the bible's way yeah out of control now go get yourself a
nice atheist girl they're going to leave the two three times today five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's a mobile in Miami hello yeah no yes sir
hey i have a problem with the fact that you know you guys are constantly on old j all the time
the man was completely I'm not interested in your problem okay find something else in your life
to worry about besides oh j just because he happens to be black and like i said last week i'm sick
i've had it up to my ears i can talk about everything out of the sun you name it you name the topic
and get no black colors whatsoever and then as soon as you mention that murdering set of a bitch oh
j they're right away guys like this i'm not about about yeah blow it out your ass okay pal
blow it out your black ass that's what i have to say to you okay my dark conflicted friend
there are a lot of nice black people there a lot of nice white people i don't think you're in
either category i think you figured out what you are yet get yourself a brain and stop worrying
about oh j and stop walking around with a professional race card deep inside your
recto okay that's my comment to you sir nauseated with that crap we don't like murderers and those
of us who have a brain we don't care whether they're black whether they're white we didn't like to
pretend funding too much and he was as white as the fallen snow okay real pale complex white guy
murdering set of a bitch and by the way ten o'clock tonight on HBO go over to somebody's house
that's got HBO pal go and watch that hour you might learn something that i doubted here's a mobile
in margate hello neo god yes sir neo great game last night unfortunately no it's not a great game last
night well you know i tell you their deep the least the least i have to have a little bit of
a secret yeah that's right and they got to start hitting people in front of the net you're out
like that you can't around when you know they got a young defense copper uh and then they got
all defense they got that uh still vain codex who's a hundred years old who all of a sudden lost
it you know and carpet if who is a party during the regular season and a minus 500 during the playoffs
they got defensive problems that's right and giant koo jo didn't play that great in the series
oh yeah yeah yeah you're right but you know you can't hold it all up on him i didn't say all of it
but he didn't play that good either in his defense was a defenseless the game on set last night
was at least a competitive game the game saturday was a debacle i just missed a bus they didn't even
show up so i'd like to see them want one win the game take it take a little bit no i'm i'm
delighted it's over it was enough stress for one year it was a lot of fun it was great and now let's
so get on other things now the buffalo buffalo looks pretty good the the thing that amazes me
is hashi koo jo he's definitely a head taste yeah question about how he doesn't get i lost my
patience with him this series the acting the acting and the phony for flopping and uh diving i'm
gonna tell you i and the sabers are got a good team and i like them all season long i don't want
to take anything away from them but they ought to get a hook up with Greg loose a nish and get
on the diving team because i've never seen any team dive so much in a short series as the sabers
didn't have the five game series unbelievable you know i've changed the subject here please you
get a chance to read the cover story of a new time from a magazine about what very disturbing
article in there about uh focusing on the gay community and how how they're not really using
protection now and um uh they just uh that's all that's old news sir yeah pretty graphic actually
a pretty good article okay have a great day old news the bear backers okay oh yeah well uh you
know we're gonna take our chances okay well listen we'll bring you a flowers we'll put your name
on the quilt five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen two wireless line 127
Q a m a child what a time ago five this is old jay since i've been released from jay
i like to keep track of my bitches so i recommend to you new old jay simpson's bitch jack for women
believe me brother you won't get jacked with bitch jack just a task a small homie device the old
bitches leg and you can track her all around town and just in case she keeps she'll get a
beaten you see when your woman be messing around new bitch jack for women let's out an
inaudible beefing sound it only you can hear and once they catch her she's all yours
give me this is limpson we track down your old lady with a white man what shall we do with her
wow thank you officer oh handle it you bitch don't you know i'm tracking you with bitch jack
i'm gonna cut your throat you bitch i'm gonna she's so remember your whole won't get
very far with old jay simpson's new bitch jack for women hey just because oh jay's free
don't mean your bitches got to be free too don't forget ten o'clock tonight you're number five
on hbo i don't even get hbo but as soon as i get home i'm gonna order it and i'm gonna watch it
you know i'm gonna watch it just because that guy pissed me off so much i'm he just put me over
the edge think you could take it for me i am so sick and tired of black people defending i mean
or anybody but in particular so many of these black people defending old jay just because he
happens to be black even though he's an uncle time and he hates them like poison and wants nothing
to do with them it's pathetic it's like standing up and saying hey i'm a moron you notice me over
here i'm a moron i'm an idiot here's the fact that says what the hell are these asshole callers
talking about why do they think it's funny when the flag crew on southwest airlines are making jokes
doing about Seattle believe that those people probably work for like you know continental or something
that are calling it about southwest making jokes no jokes we don't want the pilot on there making
funny and you know another thing that pilots do and i realize that they can't hear it because they're
off in the cockpit and we're sitting back in the you know cabin but there's nothing more aggravating
especially when you're hoping maybe to get some information about when you're gonna arrive your
EPA or what's something you know and here and then you can't understand it's either distorted
or it's so low that you can't hear a word of the guy saying you know like say what
like check it out five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
what we got him stood up today anyway they're all pissed off that's good it's good that you're
all pissed off and fired up okay because at least that's a little a little better than the usual
here in this time a little bit of emotion even though i have no idea what it's all about
here's a mobile and store it hello
hey Neil over you okay sir two comments if i may number one religion was invented to keep peasants in
line and from rioting and number two cabin offer is the use douchebag okay great five six
let's go to Miami hello yeah yes sir how about those make believe yeah okay great good one five six seven
we lost the game day like i come in this morning and depot these other guys are standing in a hallway
oh you're gonna be all right all right oh man get a life
oh i guess you know when you're not betting on games and losing the half-year-old sound
over on ball games i guess maybe you know take it a little more seriously i'm a big fan 41 years
and i knew they're gonna lose the series and so with no shock i'm emotionally drained and spent
from it it's all over okay like fat boy waddles in here this morning mr. buffalo sabers okay
maybe hello put rich generous i'll release risk of some talent here's a lady in four-lotterdale hello
lady in four-lotterdale hello Neil yes this is my first time i ever called you
i'm in the hospital i just want to let you know that the nice is here says you have a great show
and they said that you know how to handle those listeners that are so mean to you
and they said that you have a nice personality and that you're a very intelligent man
yeah and they want to meet a talk to you about what that you're a nice man uh-huh okay thank you
feel better sweetheart and bye bye don't ever call this show again five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the 18t wireless line wow sure no i'm back in my mean now
pick up the phone and the first thing the first time you hear is i'm dying on the way i know you're
back in top floor it again the home of the walking dead all over her case the lying in the bed i
should be all right she okay she's gonna be okay oh here's a bouquet hello that was good
uh i agree with you like i agree with you like i agree with you like i said five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the 18t wireless line here's a mobile in candle hello yeah
how's it going okay sir i'm gonna try and give you an opportunity to hang up on me but uh John Henry
was sitting by us during the cubs series and of course i only went to go watch the cubs because
the model doesn't have anything to bring to the table uh i did make a mention i said hey man
you should get up to turn our field uh we just got back from more the weekend up in turn our
field i hate to brace but uh what a ballpark there's so much other thing to do than watch uh
baseball that uh be nice to have something like that this down here mean what what what does that
mean anybody mean there's so much else to be besides watch baseball oh they've got nothing but
platforms uh you know beer tents just they've got activities for kids there's a lot of machines
all over the place and i mean it's just there's so much there's so many other things to do
everyone let me ask you this why do you go to a ballpark to go to a berthin can't you drink beer at
home can't you go like in the backyard have a have a barbecue i mean what do you have to pay to go to
a ball so what's the job you don't get a chance to watch in berthin for the home run off of
getting brown that's who cares who cares about berthin that how many games have a suit how much
does one do last win eight four what okay look it up pal yeah this guy he nuts he don't like the
marlins he goes to Atlanta he don't like the braves but they got a good beer 10 okay i mean
you like i said sports nerds save it for after two before ten and after two on the station
not interested a little bit of hockey i'll talk with you because it's a real sport for real as sports
fans but this bull crap with this oh yeah go where else can you see great matter i'm surprised
that he was able to see a pragmatic sit the home run because you how did he spare time from being
in the berthin maybe you saw it on the tv monitor huh there and that was the call of the year
there that was the one that was the definitive i'm a sports nerd with no life call who was sitting
out by john henry just like those cubs fans i was watching over the weekend in vegas on tv a little
that cubs whoever the hell they were playing the cardinals and henry Rodriguez hits the home run
and all of a sudden all these cubs fans are throwing oh Henry bars up which i never heard of that
before i didn't know that they do that not that it hits that many home runs and they had a
hold up the game for like 20 minutes i mean what do you do do you go to your convenience store
before you go to the ballgame and you buy half of those no Henry bars is that what you do
once the last time you had no Henry bar by the way ten years ago yeah you know why because they
taste like crap yeah so throw them out on a field and that's exactly why who now wants to eat that crap
fact i wouldn't be surprised if they're in the barfster bag they're on American airlines it's
probably like half a sandwich and a oh Henry bar that's somebody to want to feel or really feel
Lee cow errands coming coming to a theater near you
now try first time next after you patient
like the final frontier starting captain uh a magic catastrophe has occurred on the end
one of the crew members is into self-radification causing an abundantly of pling on throughout the
ship now since i'm the captain i have to interrogate what about you five the entirely illogical
camping so what about you bones do you know the truth or truth image him of a doctor done it yeah
tan what about you Scotty wedger minutes i'm the chief operator you know the terminator not the
master that's what about you soo loo that's soo loo what about you a whole run on the
pick not how food on well if no one else on the ship is done it that must be jackass that's my name
don't wear it out
you
143 at 560 w the cummel that's good doused down a little under 100 now by 90 what is it 98 points
9x down 40 markets in the crap over what do we care okay what the hell difference does it make
it's only money 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18t wireless line getting a lot of very useful
airline stuff today not nothing zero here's Miami hello
hi when you measure your penis deep let's go to a mobile in west bomby chill out
oh hey it's me it sounds like you all right good hey we're calm i'm from out of town
you're guy and uh i got heard a lot of noise about your uh your my anus on you heard a lot
and have you played that song for me sometimes another would you want my anus sure then okay we'll
center right over here's a mobile and camera at hello hey now yes sir yeah i don't okay a little
thing happened as i'd be interested in uh i was looking light house point ran to the post office
by some stamps they come out i got two cops sitting there right me a ticket like what's going on
i'm not parking a handicap of them like that mm-hmm you wrote me a ticket he says you're inviting
crime as we talk about you have your window open yeah yeah i'm gonna have a ticket for leaving
your window open you wrote a warning what is that a new law i don't know i was inviting crime
that's what i'm telling me i got a warning and he's not gonna ask you what about what about if
you went out to your mailbox to get your mail and you left your front door open would he also come
to your home and give you a ticket for inviting crime by leaving your door open i know that's what
i asked what about convertibles what about bikes yeah all right oh that's what's wrong yeah they
wrote me a what he actually wrote me a warning for inviting crime for leaving my window open thanks
for the good news pal thank you so much there you go stop border spine is to get like i said we got
crazy people driving around out there people who should have been ticket off the road years ago
but god that's a dangerous job but right in this guy ticket for leaving his god day winter
rolled down when he goes in to get four postage stamps there's some heavy duty police work
oh maniacs see you guys not high eat us road by the way with your speed guns with your little
radar traps really conditioning the public real nice five six seven oh we have one call
left in the board net set the biggest the budget dead beach in this hour i've ever heard my life
most of which by the way didn't get on a year five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
AT&T wireless lie oh jesus that frickin bokeh Brian now i'm really depressed here's a mobile in
Miami lakes hello hello yes sir greeting Neil this is my first time ever calling any radio show
i'm a real sports fan from a real sports town right michigan yes i want to say congratulations to
the leaps you guys had a good season uh-huh and i was hoping for a match up listen it's
whole load match up of what i was hoping for a red wings leaps cup match up okay well wait
the lights work out listen it's all about you know i got a funny feeling that uh
a lot of these people that are waving a flag for him if they really really stopped and found out
he was all about they wouldn't be so quick to do that they're just they're not interested in
finding out what he's all about all our interest all all i know is they're pissed off and he's
that he represents a symbol to them and therefore they want to keep being pissed off and i'm sick
and i've heard it until it's coming out of my ears i know i know but some of the quotes this guy's
made i don't know if you got them in the bear with me he said in a playboy interview one time i'm not
black i'm old jay kill the cold yeah that's my thing uh-huh when he hurts advertising
that this came to him and then point out a survey amongst the united states citizens they said
oh jay the people see you as colorless that means you appeal to all groups he was so proud of
that he had it framed killed the cold yeah i don't care nothing about black people and he never
did i want you you when people are filled with psychotic hatred it's that you you're you're talking
reason i talked about this last week we had a whole show here for one for one whole day for four
hours you can't look at people i couldn't people that were blinded by racial hatred don't try to
reason with them with the fact they don't want to know from the facts i guess i make the same mistake
you do when it comes to that i think people if you give them the facts that they'll say well so i'll
hold on a second that must be true that no chance no chance in this town i just remembered the
cure the cold and have a great day five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 t wireless
line the shipping must have come into the bill i've paid it at one forty eight at q a m
you
