Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
We talked to Neil called 560 560 toll free for date and gravity or pound 560 on yourself
all the opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily
reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions or the easily broadcast rule.
Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
How young is too young?
He was America's golden boy.
The one who couldn't win but never was and really didn't want to.
Oliver Sos brings to the screen the tragedy that shocked the nation.
J. of Gage Junior starring Will Smith.
No.
J. of Gage Junior.
J. of Gage Junior.
J. of Gage Junior.
J. of Gage Junior.
J. of Gage Junior.
J. of Gage Junior.
J. of Gage Junior.
France boy.
Oh!
J. of Gage Junior.
He was a Turk.
It was like a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...
A...A...A...A...A...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a
There's good news though. In spite of the fact that you people in the media here in this town continue to be dumber than sawed us, including Gary Nelson on Channel 4 news...
How is it possible to be so stupid? The good news first. The good news is that the absentee ballots are being cast and that they're having a hell of a lot more people. See what they really thought when they wanted to put this crap over on the public?
They thought that, you know, Thursday, the 29th of July, everybody's out of town and they'll, you know, have the usual...
Like maybe 10% of the people will vote. It'll be all of the people that their cyphing money do. I'll make it all these promises to the F.I.U. people, the space transit planet, the museum people, those people go out and vote.
Everybody else is out of town. Guess what? Wrong!
As a matter of fact, it's the 29th of July. It's going to be hotter and hell. It's going to be 110 in the shade tomorrow. There's nothing else going on. Is there anything going on in this town?
No! Not a damn thing to do. So it'd be a great day to vote tomorrow, two or three or four times. As long as you vote. No!
We got the ratings coming out today. And very shortly, they should be downloading soon. I think it's going to be a precipitous drop for this radio station and this show in the spring book.
And why is that? I don't know. Because every spring, the arbitraron people up there in Beltsville, Maryland, they lose our audience.
Now, either that's because they're sampling, because they assume that the audience goes away after Easter and Paisak, which is possible starting in April or because they really do. One or the other.
But the spring book has been really crappy. Not just for the station, but for this show in particular, even on IOD, the last couple of years.
In the spring, everybody. Nice to know, yes, see ya! April, May and June, in addition to which we have a death-nell April that will be still going as part of this book when it comes out. That we're not going to drop off.
So I have a feeling these numbers won't be among the greatest in the history of WQM, but we'll do the best we can. They'll be out very shortly.
And all your radio nerds that are listening right now from all these desperate pseudo radio stations around town, stand by because we're going to read every number in the book. Why the hell not?
Every number that comes in, that should kill a couple good hours. So anyway, the good news is the absentee ballots look pretty heavy. It could be a much heavier than anticipated turnout tomorrow, which is a real good sign for the if you ask me.
Gary Nelson on Channel 4 news this morning in their report on this penny sales tax. Why do you know he's there with Mayor penis?
And he's saying, why do you know the opponents of this are saying it's over a 15% increase in the sales tax. And Mayor penis is saying, well, I didn't know they play games with numbers, anybody can play games with numbers.
And they show you on the graphic on the screen going from 6.5%, the 7.5% is actually a 15.6% increase in the sales tax. And then Gary Nelson says, yeah, but if you buy something for 1075, it's only going to go up to 1095, which is really increase it only 0.9%.
Yeah, 0.9% of the price of that particular item, that's not the issue. Talk about playing semantics with numbers. It's still no matter how you slice it, a 15.5% increase in the sales tax amount from 6.5 to 7.5%. That's not playing with numbers. That's a fact.
They just get to you through showing you one minute and then a minute later saying, well, but I beat by the book. They all is other crap.
The only people who are playing with numbers and playing with your body are the ones there at the commission and all those other jackasses, all those shows that they have surrounding the mayor.
Well, I just we just want to be sure you want to stand. This isn't another one of those broken promises deals like we had in the past.
Yeah, like the American Airlines arena is that like one of many, Mickey Harrison deal you lied about you lying a little piece of third.
He's a good one to talk about broken promises gets elected on a fraudulent promise that he breaks the first day he gets an office makes a deal with a multi billionaire and then he's casting a spurs into Norman Braven because he got a lot of money.
What a little hypocrite. You're not fooling anybody with a brain. That's the operative part. Anybody with a brain. Okay. That's the most important part. You're not fooling anybody with an IQ larger than their thumbnail.
And as far as all these people you're making a promises to if they're that stupid, it really believe it. Good luck to them. And of course we got our editorials in both newspapers today.
The Sun sent a little more squeamish. Of course, the Sun sent those really not sure how the people in power are looking at this, which I'm sure is a scance and probably laughing their ass off too.
And the Sun sent a little says, well, you kind of like and then yeah, and then they get to the very end of the other editorial this morning on the bottom of the page and say, well, if voters say yes to the penny, a pro dollar sales tax, Miami date will become this is this is the greatest.
Miami date will become a regional laboratory for traffic problem solving. A regional laboratory for traffic just like they always have been.
Over these last 20 years, just like that first 11 miles of train that nobody rides that they gave us for over billion dollars.
If voters say no, expect more gridlock and exhaust fumes and hope someone comes up with a better idea.
So they're really saying kind of like I have a lukewarm yes, but the Harold of course the Harold as you knew the Harold who never met a Mickey Erison that they didn't like who never met anything around the Harold down there, about around their building that they didn't love.
The same Harold that helped to put over the flop. In fact, that word is right in here. Where the hell is it? Yeah, and in the Sun sent a little toilet says so far, Miami's Mac transit system hasn't won many converts.
Metro rail has been a flop and efforts to expand it have been losing propositions flop F L O P flop flop flop say when they flop.
I love hearing that flop billion dollar flop and they heard all the same people that said you know how great it was going to be 20 years ago and help put it over the top and cast this person then on the people who were against it like Richard Friedman.
The Harold now after that awful topic magazine thing when they slapped you people in the face for the empty time when they gave you that billion dollar boom dog all thing.
I think that was about a week after they gave you the story about the white elephant the Miami arena. Now they come back 20 years later. Oh yeah, Taylor two futures threatening that if you don't vote yes tomorrow that it's going to be the end of the world. Future one or future two.
If you vote yes raise the sales tax here to 7.5% immediately the fairs on Metro rail and county buses are paired for all riders and ended for seniors then on December 1st tolls end on the county's four expressways and yada yada yada it goes on.
And of course creating thousands of construction jobs in the next 20 years we should live so long.
Future two this this is the greatest every time I think I've seen the best pile the best smelling pile of elephant that I've ever smelled in my life this is the best.
Future two voters say no transit plans are shut because there's no local matching money and millions and federally dollars go to cities willing to help themselves keeping in mind of course there's no guarantee we're going to get any of it even if they vote yes.
Tool hikes on local expressways continue some roads are improved the construction lags traffic growth congestion already the nation's worth third worth which is a lie it's the 12th rises to first.
Meanwhile now here comes this is the greatest paragraph in the history of this community ever been written in a newspaper of any kind.
Meanwhile the business climate deteriorates the economy declines the tax base withers poverty worsens and parts of this once vibrant community take on the look and feel of a third world backwater.
I have to make the news to your boys that would better look out the window okay like right outside your window one Harold Plaza.
Parts of this community I mean all of these horrible things are going to happen if they don't have a new more metro rail and more buses economy is going to decline poverty is going to get worse.
And the community is going to look like a third world backwater guess what boys you're about 20 years to late.
They play you guys like you the dumbest back to done the face of the earth you know I'm so now maybe they got a point with some of you but what can I tell you.
Unbelievable thank God they're not using any scare tactics there at the herald either go ahead and you know go with the program with the establishment or it's going to be telling a hand basket without more of that metro rail.
That great successful metro rail that nobody was riding that they are the ones that exposed the billion dollar boom dog all the 15 years ago.
What about your lion pastures.
The herald I'll tell you one thing if you're looking for the two Pocabra and Elante Cristo just look at the herald they're both inside.
Hi I'm here to talk about a problem that on the lines of women everywhere.
How do that man smell your guys driving a truck all day and he wants you to go you know down there where he has that man smell.
The prince massive bellies understand I'll take a bite of that man smell with new scent it and rain from straight rat problems.
The one size it's on kind of flip on with the and using any household flow time feel in front.
With the name in your mouth ladies with such delightful flavors as blue ball very pretty flute and pink halada.
Prince massive belly shrink wrap on the look one today.
All right that's 15 at 560 WQM so we just find out and of course we have to do all this finding out ourselves because the massive broadcast machinery of Beasley Reed are a little bit on the slow side.
Come to find out that and of course the local media still having discovered this complaint that was filed against us to the FCC they still haven't even discovered it much less put anything in the papers about it.
Comes to find out that the people who filed a complaint were David Katen and his Florida family association what a surprise.
No no no.
Does David Katen to live in any market by the way that receives the signal of the show.
No I just mentioned that in passing and of course some of the what is it 18 members some of the 12 members of it eight members of his organization probably do live down here.
But that should come as absolutely no surprise David Katen the man who's decided because he's given up his lifelong addiction to pornography and now he's a great crusader to clean up the airwaves and everything else another one of these right wing fanatics.
Who's decided that he and he alone and the members of his organization all three of them are going to decide what can be on here and what can't and threaten people sponsors et cetera et cetera and so on.
So I just mentioned that in passing David Katen and the Florida not anymore the American Family Association because they got passed out of the national organization now it's only the little tiny with their two members David Katen and the Florida Family Association.
And you know why I say to them that's what I have to say to them and to the FCC if both of you five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line ten seventeen it's only a matter of minutes before people start running in here going.
But that would those numbers I think it's going to be pretty weak I think it's going to be I mean the odds are unless we have some kind of miraculous June unless our listeners made some enormous comeback for us in a month of June I think WQM is going to have a precipitous decline which of course the time it couldn't possibly be worse at a time when our general mangas running around hyper ventilating about this new non exist in sports station at twenty seven hundred on the a m dial that only six people can pick up.
But like I've told you before when you really are too sure exactly what you're doing that's why you know that he offered guilty like six million year to stay around.
And God knows I think he offered little dog a blank check please stay around don't go over there to the other side we know they want you badly here's fifteen million year please.
Well you know it's easy to do that just like he did with Wayne same thing oh yeah we'll give you twenty billion dollars for the Marlon games.
And now of course here we all are that's why Joe Costello is about to pay the work here he was making three seventy five an hour now we have to pay them just to come in for the honor of doing that Saturday morning racing but you have to do all this other stuff during the week.
Because we have to go all the money to Wayne and John Henry.
And now the F.C.s okay great that was a good start that that was I think maybe the fastest bleep in the history of this show I'm trying to think back over the seventy or eighty years I've been on here.
And right off the bat right out of his mouth came excellent five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line here's highly a hello.
Any of how you do it okay sir.
No I am pissed off and I am fired up yeah okay check this out I received the her all for way too long I've been receiving the her all now from Thursday through Sunday okay what does that mean.
I get it otherwise you get it Thursday through Sunday's yeah the hell and other stuff to anyway.
And I've never received a heroin the other day of the week on Monday there was a very pro the penny right.
And today also guess what I get that stadium we got pro penny stadium prop any stadium exactly so guess what I get the free her all this morning and on Monday.
Well they want to make sure you read the propaganda that's why you get us for free that's right sure.
And I call you on Monday and probably had a thirty dollar bill in there too which I wouldn't try to catch it well I'm going to check again.
But anyway call you Monday I talk to you and tell you about the seven conceptual lines or I'm sorry the seven proposed lines five with which were
conceptual in other words in somebody's mind some exactly right guess what if somebody's imagination yes today they're all talking about eight can eight lines yeah.
So they keep by adding lines and somebody they're all doing some lines you don't talk about I don't want to talk about that white powder right here on the air but I think somebody over there ought to take a powder.
This is it's all ages yeah truly on reaches this great the way that and of course if this was a valid issue valid issue you put the information out there you don't the promic promises to F.I.U.
and the museum and the opera and all these other people if it would stand on a tone merits and it was legitimate they wouldn't have to do all these things and even the heralded a
toil right glowing as it is it talks about the many voters are wary of entrusting the county government to spend the funds wisely and honestly and their suspicions are heightened by the ill advised campaign strategy of promising that the hundred three million dollars in county money not
devoted transit can be steered to various causes it's max of bait and switch and it shouldn't have been done there you go so why should we trust them because they want to make all these promises all these other organizations and people so they can try to put this thing over on the public.
you're exactly correct and today is that they're talking of the pros and cons of a penny that's the headline right yeah and they give one paragraph
to uh... number bremen everything else is for right of course it's truly our region these are the same people that gave this town everything that's wrong with it today including the first metro rail including Mickey Ererson everything you want you know when you stop it again no heck made a good point yesterday
here is a guy who downright doesn't bring any money into the community he takes it out all of these tourists that they pick up at the airport they take them on his cruise ships on his
comfortable cruise ships they whiskered right over there they put them in the port of Miami on the ships and they they make sure that they don't spend any money in the local hotels in the local restaurants in the local businesses they never set foot
other than the airport they never set one foot on dry land here in date county and here's one of the biggest enemies of the economy of date county
and he's in bed with a herald and a mayor together it's a beautiful thing that's correct and by the way it was not a fluke that I received the
herald on these two days because my neighbor he coincidentally received the herald also my god what a coincidence so I I challenge the readers or any viewers out there they got the
herald today and on Monday call it in that wouldn't be surprised that we have people in the audience who don't even subscribe to the herald
we got it today that's possibly correct yeah okay voter again off in the bar fine in closing a panellas flop on this okay thanks okay here's
Duff Lindsay breathlessly bringing in the first of the numbers breathlessly with a look on his face of terror a look of like yeah like that I said how
they do need to be right away do you tell him who filed a complaint did he hear me I tell about that he heard it oh here he heard it well thank god
that taking a look at that uh oh twelve plus the overall station went from a three one to a two nine oh look at that
cum look at that cum down 48,000 people like the listeners ship went off which of course is bogus that's those wire diaries in the
last trend for the morning show I mean I'm sorry guys but you know we all get our wire diaries you guys sure stepped
into a bucket of stuff with that deal okay per men 25 to 54 here we go this is where's that drum roll come on where the
how is that stupid thing number one overall men 25 to 54 WBG big seven point two and that's all howard of course although
they're cum dropped where did everybody go everybody's cum dropped there's everybody in town everybody's
cumin in the for what I sure hope was one of those gravity toilets that they're screaming about on CNN all morning you know I
see one good thing we finally went we finally got away from John John in a funeral we finally got away from that now what
are they giving us gravity toilets talk about going down the drain here he comes again with a real
surly look on his face this is going to be bad news the man has got a psychotic look on his face uh oh
first and 12 plus what's all with that we go how did we go down in the Sharon we actually went up in
the standings that's 10 to 3 of course 10 to 2 we always do a little better with all you know do
respect to Hank 12 plus in the morning okay let's see out a morning guys did 10 to 6 to 10 am
oh no oh no say it isn't so Joe please say it isn't so WYOD the all-new station that is
destroyed butchered station WY 2 5 to a 2 8 where the hell's QAM oh they're flat 26 to a 2 6 flat we
went 48 to a 4 5 but we moved from number I think it was 5 and the previous to end to number 3 so
we're over a 5 share in the parade so actually we got to be number 2 behind life because between 10
and 2 EDR had a 4 7 we got to be we're number 2 damn it 12 plus that's good how about our
CUNE did I go down a little bit length of listenership exactly the same okay so there's something that's
the first trickle of information who was number one in the morning 12 plus radio amor oh 6 6 to
7 5 heavy Julio diaries again in the spring book heavy heavy Julio diaries and build wrecks got two
pages in the sunsetless morning and then there's also a big article about his panics are suing the
TV networks because they're all pissed off etc and so on looks to me like we had a no-speak in
English cool here in the spring book just coincidentally coinciding I guess must be another of one
of those coincidences with all the stuff and here he comes again oh my god he's racing in here
the man is done in the droskin look at his face he's ready to pierce pants looking to see
something how we say it all right plus
and you know what he's done these aren't even like and any predictor like all over the place
12 plus how do the hump are doing the afternoon come on let's see how I'm
actually after no he's dying to know he's on the edge of his bed right now don't fall off
Hank 2 6 to a 2 7 just a tad of course everybody wants to know 12 plus how did the babbling one
do in the afternoon she's the one that's taking ass huh 2 5 to a 1 4 all right let's hear it for
babbling bro 12 plus they go from a 2.5 in a fall book to a 1.4 and of course the fall book
was reconcud the 1.4 she's completed her first book and dropped a full rating point nice go
on babbling bro the best sweetheart you're the best thing Hank got going for man she might even
wake him up 26 after 10 at 5 60 wq a nice going Humper he's up a tenth of a point hey listen
in this book anybody goes up a little bit we're very proud of you
where number one did me
tell me where you love my eyes
but I know that you keep on checking up my eyes
I'm playing you cause I'm very dear
check out my breath they're poking my mouth out of any way
it comes onto me and there's the things in my ears
and it sounds so uh but if you wanna take me
you know the things about me don't think you know I'm on the right
and see you should be getting me cause you could go to church and see me
get up right you and your friends on me
she's 25 but she's just a teen
perfect teen I've been my last but really
daddy called the cops with mine so I've got some perfect to see
because I'll have surgery no my girl
he's alive
my butt's just incredible
of my soul shampoo
Okay
to check his teenager
Yeah.
Oh, I'm sorry.
She's looking right.
I'm actually just 25.
But she's just the same.
So anyway, like I said, you've got a killer month there,
and a month of June. Thanks, everybody.
We can go home now.
How did we do this, by the way? How did we pull this off?
Well, it looked like it was going to be a death knell.
And just when we're starting to like look our wounds a little bit,
it looks like we did okay.
25 to 50 for persons in the morning,
howards from an 8.3 to 8.6.
Nice going there, big nose.
Yeah, he's that whole radio station.
How do you like that?
He's the whole radio station is 6 to 10 in the morning over there on big.
After that, they're kind of small, real small.
How did our morning guys do persons 25 to 54?
I've actually all three of them are sitting there peeing in their pants right now waiting.
Two, eight to a three one.
Ow!
Let's hear it.
Of course, a lot of that is that those wire diaries,
but you know, it's something that helped in the long run and helped lengthen the ship
from four hours to four and a half hours a week.
Nice going boys.
Q went down, but they don't care about that.
Nobody makes their bonus based on Q.
Thank God.
Okay, that takes care of 25 54 in the morning.
In the midday, we went from a, look at this,
5, 4 to a 5, 5 from 10 to 3,
which means from 10 to 10 am the 2 pm when this show is on.
We're doing over a six year person's 25 to 54.
Wait till those men 25 54 come in, huh?
Because you know we haven't got any women.
We haven't got enough women to fill a teacup.
I'll tell you that right now.
Person's 18 to 34 all of a sudden we made a big comeback.
What do we got here in midday?
18 to 34.
We went from a three six in a fall book to a 4.9 in the spring.
It means we're over a five share again midday here 18 to 34.
Ow!
We're going to need an close to our demographics.
Nice going Neil. Thank you.
Thank you.
Oh, God.
Wow.
It's a miracle just when they count you out.
Just when they think that you're finished,
nobody's stick to fork in you.
All of a sudden you make the big comeback.
Ow!
Just because the Napal Arbitron couldn't find anybody
who's spoken was your listen to this radio station.
All the day parts.
See, we, yeah, and it's really miraculous that after all these months,
we only had the one month when they couldn't find anybody's audience on this station in April.
Because generally they screw up a hell of a lot more than that.
WEDR way up there.
I'm curious.
How did our good friend do in the afternoon 20?
Let's see.
25 to 54.
I know this is boring to some of you,
but all the radio business of people are listening.
How did they do in midday, by the way,
over there on INZ on Stupras.
Super talk radio.
How did they do there?
Because they were all of a sudden getting a little carried away the last two trends.
And that had to be loud ass, which means all the right winners were getting the diaries.
Oh, yeah.
170 with 2.6.
Still a really crappy number.
2.6.
How did Rick and Pugdalen in the morning?
I'm sure everybody wants to know about that.
Anybody want to know about that?
No.
Yes, you do.
25 54 in the morning, Rick and Pugdalen.
W-I-N-Z.
Do we find it here anywhere?
I mean, we still got a few Rick and Pugdalen people, don't we?
No.
Yes, we do.
One or two.
I'll guarantee you right now.
Let's see.
W-I-O, look at that.
We need to criminal.
What is it?
Drum roll for what?
That's a dust-head.
Oh, well, just a minute.
I can handle it.
Oh, there's Dr. Diary of Buds-Logs.
Better not play that right now.
Okay.
Where the hell is my goddamn-
Oh, it's easy.
We got too much stuff in here, okay?
Look at that.
Man 25 54.
Look at that, almighty.
Oh!
Well, wait a minute.
Where's the overall number from Man 25 54?
So we can find out if we made the other part of that bonus.
I wouldn't be surprised if we did.
We got the first part I take.
W-B-G-G.
Oh, my God.
Now, how come he's got a sour look at us?
Plus, he should be smaller from here to here.
We got a kiss, baby.
And I'm not talking about that crappy shot-kick
and using your plan on FN, that kiss.
I'm talking about a big kiss right on the big fact-
Correct him.
What we got?
Look at that.
Mornings, Q-A-M-A-5.2 to a 5.9.
Oh!
In 25 54.
Oh, he's upset because they got to pay out more bonuses now.
That's what he's upset about.
That's okay.
And if you think they got long commercial breaks now,
you just wait, baby.
Starting next Monday, 18-minute breaks,
three times an hour in a morning show.
That's here.
All right.
Now, what do we do here in the midday?
Nine point,
O-O.
In the fall book,
nine point seven in the spring,
that means 10 to two.
We did better than a 10 share here in midday.
Oh!
Let's hear it for a good...
How the hell do we do this?
Well, we sure must have had a lot of good wire diaries there in June.
Great.
We love you.
There are monies in the mail, okay?
You know, only good news this morning, huh?
We got a guy who doesn't even live in this market
files a complaint against us with the FCC.
Doesn't even receive the signal of this radio station.
He's the guy that files the complaint.
That's some of the greatest news I ever heard in my life.
And it's a damn good thing that those people got the message
and stopped taping just in time,
because otherwise it'll be behind bars today.
First deal on our copyright.
If you catch my drift.
So anyway, this is a...
A Spanish news.
We'll be getting the Hank's number here in a second.
Now, Hank had a big enough number.
Oh, not good.
Oh, you already saw it?
Grinnell, no, what is this?
He's smith...
I don't want you to feel bad.
But Greg is smiling.
He's got a big smile on his face.
It'll give me a big thumbs down like that.
But I thought Hank was the employee of the month in May.
He should have had a gigantic book there.
Or he said he wants the $200 back or whatever it all was.
Greg says he wants the money back.
Okay, I got it right now.
Now, can't be that bad.
Can it?
No, I can't be that bad.
Well, what are you talking about?
You're wrong.
Oh, I see it.
It was number one.
But he actually the share went up.
He went from a 5.1 to a 5.
What was that?
He gave me a thumbs down.
The man went up.
Wishful thinking on your part, mister.
He went from a 5.1 to a 5.4.
Nice going back up.
Why do we Hank is lost 75 pounds?
That was weak.
He's doing it.
Man, we just are kicking ass.
And this is during the deadest time of the year.
So all you people down there on 1970 on a radio dial,
I think you're going to kick our ass with your stupid
make-believe sports station.
We got a real surprise for you, okay?
Because this is during the deadest time of the year.
And he went from a 5.1 to a 5.4.
Oh, this Greg, I'm telling you.
If you ever find that one spot on his head, man, I'm telling you he's going to be dangerous.
How about it night?
Well, we don't look at night.
We never give those nighttime numbers because, quite frankly, they're embarrassing.
But we don't want to talk about that.
So we did okay.
Now, how come we don't have the overall men 25 to 54 yet?
From 6 a.m. to midnight, that's the one that we're all salivating for.
Number two, well, here is a little extra cash there for some of us, huh?
It would have been nice to be number one.
But somebody here let us down here in this last book.
I don't want to say who it was.
Now, he didn't do it.
He didn't do it.
Okay.
And baseball was up to, let's hear it.
Okay, now we're prepared to pay that money to John Henry, right?
No.
No. Not up that much.
Anybody want to buy your spots on those Marlon games?
No. Okay.
So I apologize to the non-radio people out there, but this is an important part.
This is what we live for.
People made their bonuses.
People got a little extra bonus in there because the station was number two and that overall 25 54.
What?
What are you shaking your head for?
You know what?
I don't.
It has to be number one.
Listen, are you going to live long enough to ever collect the money they owe you?
No.
The other ones anyway.
So why do we have to go through that again anyway?
I already saw what.
And then 25 54 overall.
Big is number one with a seven two.
Oh, I did already see this.
And QAM from a five nine to a six point four.
Oh!
Keep your hearts out.
Okay.
All your little Julio's down there at 2700 on the radio dial with an A-Polive Station that Greg is still being in his pants about.
What are you worried about?
Who the hell are they going to put on here over there?
Somebody good?
Uh-huh.
Like I said.
Twenty-four eleven at five sixty WQAM.
God.
This is, it's a major miracle.
We expect it to take a big big hit today on this crap.
So not only did we get a great book today, a surprising, a shocking act.
And this includes keep in mind, keep in mind.
This includes the month of April when they couldn't find anybody who spoke English who listened to this radio station.
And it's still in there because this is April, May and June.
So keep, if you take that month out, just wait until the next trend, baby.
We're going to be so far up on top.
Nobody will be able to need the Mount Palomar telescope to see us.
You'll have to call a space transit planetarium and Miss Hurkheim will be here to borrow a telescope to be able to find us.
That's how out of sight we're going to be.
And then of course tomorrow we're going to have a big celebration because tomorrow night, in fact Friday will be the day.
We'll have a big party because the election tomorrow, that's farce they're trying to put over on the public and date kind of.
That's going to take a big time in the...
Correcto!
...and that'll be the end of that.
So I think it's going to be a momentous week in our lives here, you know what?
In the middle of these otherwise very dull and the deadly days.
Anybody have a heart or a liver?
No, do you or your family suffer from things?
The makers of Xyfan want you to know about a miracle drug that helps you deal with the symptoms of various things.
Xyfan, one of the Department of Health's prestigious longest list of side effects award for two years running.
Xyfan, talk to your doctor today.
Some swelling of the brain, infotence and largement of various glands and ducts.
And we're going to get history of temptations and flags of low-faceted and associated use of Xyfan.
Other possible side effects he footplimes is in his loss of weight, loss of color, loss of key, striking of the hair.
Aversion to sling music, zombies and nightspets.
Talking like Roger Ebert, it's your organs exploding head and the gals.
Some patients have reported blurred vision, drooling, talking, Australian saying the phrase, good to go.
Not knees, broken bones, lumpy eyebrow makeup, high cholesterol, low-esteem, wet packing, cloth, strife, soft-dowing mid-sections, cloth watching and recombism.
A more significant number of Xyfan users have reported occasional thoughts of chest pain.
Randomly, most of them are scouser-cending, greasy forehead, twisting the butt through, spinal strapping, towing the line, headaches, muscle aches, clawed aches, and his gastroethylene, incestring, and parking.
Get your complete list of side effects on our website at www.cyfanside effects.
Are you kidding me?
Question mark.org.
Xyfan, keep away from cats, dogs, snakes, children, the young at heart and goats.
Xyfan, medicine for today's thanks.
Okay, I'm not going to mention that Hank fell from 3 to 6 and then 25 54 because evidently he gets paid on rank also.
And he's going to become a little rank if he...
If he... what?
But he... his share went up, but his rank went down.
You know, it's all this other ethnic stuff in there.
What can you do about that?
Coast went up, that's a real last and the hot 105 in the cramper.
So they're probably like having mixed emotions over there.
In other words, the white people are celebrating over the cocks and the dark conflict of the folks are going like, oh, me?
Like that, like OJ.
This is a major miracle. I don't want to glow on this too much.
In fact, let's take a look at some of the other numbers that people are very concerned about, like Rick and Sudzen in the morning.
Look at a great job. What did I tell you about Geldie, huh?
Leave it to my good buddy Geldie to put them over the top.
If they had any brains, the Panther Organization would have made him the voice of the Panthers.
I'm telling you, he had made that thing exciting.
He had gotten a lot of people turn out of that instead of the silly old man that bringing in.
I'm not going to say that B-Fo and Joe didn't have anything to do with him morning going up there
or the wire die reason last trend that, you know, but nevertheless, 5'2 to a 5'9 and men, 25 54,
number 2 in the market. Pretty impressive to me if he acts mate.
Of course Howard had a 12-1.
12-1. But you know something we did, Dan, they're the same when you came right down to it.
Huh? We did over a 10 on a stupid AM radio station. On a stupid AM radio station.
Over a 10-year and that's with one crappy bogus month you're in there too.
If you took out the month of April, I got news for you.
We got Howard, everybody else, look out. We'd have numbers, we'd have triple digits.
We'd have 117 percent, we'd have such shares because if you took out that April month,
they had a sticker than there so we didn't get too carried away.
They don't want everybody walking around like Joe with a swell head.
We won't be able to walk in the hallways here if anybody's head gets that big.
The little dog.
But this is truly an amazing accomplishment here especially.
And you know what probably put us over the top is all that promotion.
Thank you Sam. Let's hear it for Sam the sham, a man in search of a life,
a search of a real identity as a free standing individual as opposed to being just another appendage
to all kinds of sunny famous people like Jordan, Knight and then Reekay.
Anybody else? Always seen in the background.
Let's bring Sam from the background to the foreground that tremendous promotion.
That's what put us over the top of these big numbers.
Am I right? Huh?
No.
Can you imagine if we did have promotion, if we had like billboards and TV,
if we had an aggressive operation here and these people weren't such a bunch of tight-fisted douchebags?
And by the way, for the beastlies of it or Naples, you're welcome.
You're welcome. That's what we want to say.
We realize we couldn't have done it without your tremendous support.
You're welcome.
Oh, here's our close personal friend Richard Friedman. How you doing Richard?
Hello.
Yes sir.
How are you?
Did you fall asleep during all of that?
Come on Richard, I'm talking about our road.
How are you? I just call to congratulate you and thank you so much for you doing such a great public service
on behalf of the people of Dave County.
That's right and I don't even live in Dave County anymore.
I got out while the getting was good but I think it's just a sham and a shame to see.
I mean, you know, I was here when you went to the whole thing 20 years ago.
I remember.
And all the hero did was attack you when this is a bad guy and stop transit over people
or a bunch of common instance and so on.
And then just a couple of years later, they're admitting.
They're bragging about the fact this is a billion dollar boom doggo. Nobody's riding the thing.
And now 20 years later they figure everybody's got a bad memory and they're going to try to do it all over again.
It's shameful. It's what it is.
And the hurl is, I think his Tom Fiehler was in town asking for 20 years.
Now runs the editorial pages.
A guy without class and he has no intellect for supporting this horrendous attack.
Oh, he's a silly guy in a yellow trench coat that chases Gary Harder round.
That's what Tom Fiehler is.
And he's a voyeur.
I do know that, you see what they don't tell the public, there's 11.4 billion dollar transportation
plan without the sales tax and they're going to expand and build more roads with or without the sales tax.
Right.
And the only purpose for this is just to have more metro fail.
And it's so stupid because even the hurled on Monday when they described the whole plan,
they point out that one of the trains is going to be a $3 billion to go from the airport to the seaport.
That's for tourists who are not going to take a cab.
They're not going to take a cab.
But for the husband and wife with four or five or six piece of luggage are going to go into a train to go to the port
instead of having the free bus service now provided by the cruise lines to take them to the cruise ship.
So in other words, they're going to slip us to Mickey again.
They're going to spend public money to help out Mickey again who doesn't contribute one dime of money
to the economy of this county instead siphons it all out.
Yeah, and they promised that if I used to, these are going to have a train.
Well, that train couldn't be built for 20 years.
It means whoever's going to FIU now, they're children when they grow up.
20 years from now, maybe able to take a train.
I mean, that's what the mine arrowed even revealed despite their best efforts that covered up.
Yes, and the Monday's paper.
And the train line to Northwest Day, that's another joke.
You're going to go up, you're going to have 4,500 people spend a billion dollars of 4,500 people
are going to take a train to know where.
What do you do once you get to the Broward County line and the train stops?
Where you're going from there? Where is the service that take you to someplace in Broward County?
That's my point. This is not a mass transit kind of town.
This is in the walking town. It's not like going to downtown Chicago to the loop.
It's not like going to Manhattan and being there within a 10, 20 block radius to go in all the places you want to go.
It's not like all the other cities that have mass transit because number one, this is not a city either county that's got a real downtown
where people go and walk and wander around and shop unless they happen to work there.
And of course, the thing already goes there anyway.
There's no part in it. And then they're talking about having a leg to go to pro player stadium at a time when John Henry is saying he doesn't want to play there
and he wants to give us the public money to build him a new stadium.
What's going to be going on there? Eight dollars in regular season games a year and they're going to spend hundreds of millions of dollars to put a leg out there
in the middle of nowhere.
The whole plan is for postures and it's just another boom dog.
What is it? The special interest deal, so a few people will get very rich by picking the pockets of the people who pay the tax,
which is the hard earn, the hard work in person and whose hard earn money is being stuffed into their,
is taken out of their pockets every time they buy something.
People have to realize the rent's going to go up, the utilities, the electric to telephone,
the clothing and everybody who's in business in Dade County, they ought to be screaming bloody murder about this because any big ticket item,
people will be gladly driving to a Broward County to buy that big ticket item.
You can't avoid it on the car because it's where it's registered on the car.
But still, you're buying Dade County. It's an extra 50 bucks compared to Broward actually 75 bucks,
because Broward would stay at 6, we're at 7.5.
So we're paying 75 bucks more in a car and we're paying up 1.5% more on everything we buy than people in Broward buy.
And I don't think that said there's equity there.
And then of course there's still going to be editorial this morning like I said.
The gloom and doom of all the horrendous things that are going to happen in the Dade County,
some of which have already happened, if they vote no, the economy declines.
How is the economy going to decline if we don't have more metro rail?
The tax base withers poverty worsens and parts of this once vibrant community take on a look and feel of a third world backwater.
What La La land are these people living in?
Well, it's just scare tactics and silly rhetoric because if you think about it,
if 1% is going to do all this for the county, it's going to be so wonderful,
let's tax ourselves 2,34%.
And we'll be 2,34% better.
It'll make it better. It'll be better.
It'll be better.
And then the 500,000 house.
That's an absurd argument.
And the hurl, it's a funny thing is that the editor of the hurl, who's the best friend,
as I said yesterday, when I was down at the Metro Commission, has called the Metro Government corrupt in inefficient.
And then as July 3 editorial, he waxed eloquently when he reminded people about a corrupt Metro Government involving airport overruns.
Right.
Did Bruhaha's bus breakdowns contract cronism, disappearing trees,
expressway snafu's, gantry crane deals, hot suits,
and cooperation roadblocks, lobbyist cloud,
metro mover glitches, nepotism, parks and limbo, public housing blight,
seaport corruption, sorely shrinking palms, taxi-oagoplies,
the sky-of-futing and zoning for dollars.
And then in today's paper, in the editorial, if you see rights about,
that the $103 million one day, it smacks a bait and switch and should have been done.
Well, it has been done, Mr. Feedler.
And therefore, why are you supporting a corrupt and inefficient government that resorts to bait and switch tactics
in order to convince people to give their hard earned money to a corrupt and inefficient government?
How would we like to have that billion dollars that they wasted on the first 11 miles,
but 20 years ago? How would we like to have that for road improvements right now?
Well, how about the fact, Neil, that the operating deficit of the metro rail for the first 15 years
has caused the property taxes out of our pockets a half a billion dollars.
Can you imagine if we took $500 million and try to improve the community,
how good that would be for Dave County?
It costs a billion that it costs a bill. That's a billion and a half right there.
More like a billion, four if you had interest on it.
Now we're up to $2 billion, right?
Well, then deadness because people forget that we're paying, we're still paying every month on property taxes
for the Decade of Progress bond plus a revenue bond that was passed for cost overruns.
So we're paying through the nose still for metro rail, just for the construction cost,
and the operating deficit is only gross each year, and they've copped out at 24,000 people a day
and 18,000 are less than weekends. It costs $1,400 a year for us to subsidize somebody taking a metro rail
and a metro mover downtown, it costs us $2,000 a year for each passenger on the metro mover.
You, D.
Okay, listen, I got to run. Thanks a million, Richard. Congratulations on a great job as usual.
You and Norman Braeman, and we'll get out there even though I don't live in the day
and I'm going to get out and vote 20 or 30 times myself.
Thank you, Rodin. And I just want to remind everybody, please tomorrow come out and vote now.
They'll do it. Thanks. Okay.
Okay, Richard Friedman, thank God for him and a few other people.
Just a small handful of people. Otherwise they just run over like, you know, without any opposition.
We're trading out by 60.
How?
Don't you see that?
We're trading out by 60.
We're starting today.
In theaters now, it's the totally new Star Wars Yoda.
Get hot on R2D2.
Wow, R2D2.
You make me feel good.
Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow.
R2D2, I was just wondering if you are a female.
Right?
You're a dude, so am I.
Yoda, break up with R2D2.
Showing now.
No robots or engines during the filming of this movie.
Get off of my face.
Showing now in a theater being used.
All right, let's see the photo to it.
560 WQM or number one, damn it.
Oh!
Chicken's in serious ass.
All of a sudden, everything is falling right into place.
You can almost smell it, can't you?
Your Roma is just as sweet as can be.
God.
Like getting stuck in an elevator with a mermaid.
It's just a lovely thing.
Huh? Well, for you anyway.
Wow. And of course, now the good news comes that my Florida is really moving up the ladder.
They have this survey yesterday.
This is one of the most important things, especially when you go to the polls tomorrow.
And think about what a great job they're doing of educating your children.
Not, and all the other things that really have to do with quality of life.
And not just whether we have a stupid metro rail trains to nowhere.
Main rises to the top among the best states to raise children.
They're number one, damn it.
Florida, on the other hand, was number 47 last time they did this.
And now it's number 36.
So we're really moving up the ladder.
36, 35 states in a country are ahead of us in terms of quality of life to raise your children.
Of course, part of the problem being all the murder and mayhem going on here.
5, 6, 7, 8, Massachusetts number two, Connecticut for Montenew, Hampshire, North Dakota.
Pretty embarrassing when it's better to raise your kids in North Dakota,
because there aren't as many people killing anybody up there, I guess.
I'm really glad Richard Friedman called in because he tried the first time to tell you, hey, just vote no on this thing.
And I think he won the election.
I think he knows one of that first time.
And of course, it turned out to be another reelection later tonight.
I remember it was just yesterday.
That's why Airbnb registered voter in the sound of my voice in the day,
counting tomorrow.
I know it sounds corny.
You got a shock to hell out of them.
They were anticipating this is what they were praying for.
Is that just their special interest puppets will come out and vote tomorrow and put this thing over the top.
Well, in the meantime, they're spending all the rest of your sales tax money.
Just say no.
No more corruption and bull crap.
And don't believe this little twerp who stands up there with all these flunky standing behind him.
Well, this isn't going to be another one that has broken Pymes deals.
Here, how can this man have any credibility?
The one, the most prominent thing, the most prominent two things that he's done since he's been elected
was number one is last thing in time around with a Cuban refugees that disgraceful display
of going on a Cuban rubber like Spanish language radio stations and being a professional Cuban
instead of being the mayor of all the people in this county and representing the interest of all the people who live in
Dave County, being a professional Cuban, which is not what the people want, most of them.
And number two, of course, the worst one, the very first day he gets in turns into liar, liar, my pants are on fire
because I never met a billionaire that I didn't like if his name was Mickey Ererson.
Makes him a sweetheart deal, which you by the way who live in Dave County are going to be paying the taxpayers
to subsidize that place for the rest of time.
As long as that elephant is standing down there, four blocks away from the old joint, which they by the way still couldn't fill up.
Best team in the East and the NBA and no matter how many games they won, time and time again, they couldn't fill up that joint.
And even when they did fill it out, there were just tons of empty seats because who would have wants to go down in an area anyway.
We're talking four blocks away.
Don't get sucked in again, okay? Show you got a little bit of balls in this town.
What a breath of fresh air it would be to finally have the public strike back and say, you're not going to stick it in there again.
Breakfast goes right.
Get sore about it for a change.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi, Neil. I think we pretty much stole all my thunder here, but...
That's all right, go ahead.
Yeah, regarding Zarina, for these people that just don't understand and are kind of riding the line of the yes and no, you know, if he is so worried about the money and taxes, he did such a bad deal on that arena that we're going to be paying like you said for that arena.
Forever.
What is it there?
Absolutely.
And it's coming out of everybody's pocket.
And also, this Pan American Games, what about the money we could earn from there on taxes?
And how about the future Pan American Games and all the other international Olympics and all the other similar kinds of events that are net.
They've already told us, don't even apply again because they'll ever come to Dave County because you're a bunch of professional ethnics and we're not going to cater to you.
And that means one thing there and that was cash.
Right.
And they chased everything away.
Also, this transit.
This is the only option that we have.
This is it.
I mean, it's like...
You expand and widen and do the roads.
So whether this passes or not, that's not even related to it.
Correct.
My six-year-old girl on the news saw what they were doing and I was just yelling and screaming how this is ridiculous.
I'll make sure she votes.
Well, here, absolutely.
And she said, why can't they just do something that doesn't cost as much money? Why don't they just make more buses?
I mean, it's just so simple.
And these people are politicians.
And also, all the promises that Pan American Games made, you said about the arena when he, before he got elected, I voted for him and I'm ashamed I did.
And I guarantee you when it comes back around, I will not vote for you, Mr. Panellis.
And the other thing regarding schools, when he went out and sort of crying about all these people landing in shore, I've yet to see him cry about the sadness in the state.
Excuse me, these schools, the way they are now, yet, this is that.
I'll tell you, I'm voting no for this.
And just one more thing is, people that don't understand this and like I said earlier, riding a line of yes and no were just undecided and pretty much lived their lives through the Hollywood movies.
There's a movie that I'm pretty sure everybody has seen his lethal weapon for.
There's a part in there, Joe Pesci and Chris Rock, where Joe Pesci says, how the cell phone companies are F&U and F&U and F&U and F&U and F&U again, this is what they're doing to you people.
And I guarantee you, Neil, this thing passes, you're going to have more calls in the future about, oh, they did this to us now that we're paying more taxes.
We're going to be paying for them.
But that's written in stone. And you know, you people, you can look at it now and you don't have to go back in 2020 hindsight vote no because it's not going to help anybody unless they're going to gain by making, using making cash by this.
Amen. And that's pretty much all I got to say.
Okay, early and often, pal.
Absolutely. Good job.
Thanks.
Okay, don't forget, one or two major purchases you make per year in Dade County and it'll be as much or more than you would spend on those increased tolls there, on those four roads, even if you drive it every day of your life like I pointed out yesterday.
Even if you drive it both ways every day Monday through Friday for worker, whatever you have to do, you're still going to want to spend more money on a penny sales tax increase overall.
I mean, just the one or two major purchases, much less all the other stuff that you buy in Dade County every year.
There's no contest.
And on top of that, keeping in mind the fact that these four tools will go away for a little while, but regardless of how it happened, there's still these other several other toll toll booths that are going to be built all over Dade County anyway regardless.
So big sawdard ants to pay a toll together and nuisance there, painting the ass, the turnpike tolls that going away.
No, the sawdard's that toll going away.
No, no.
So don't get sucked into this business of, oh, it's going to end the idea.
The fact that you people in the media in this town sat back and I was the only one that was screaming here about the overway that this guy that the this group of assholes were getting together to end convenience you people by springing that 25%
increase there almost overnight and causing all these frustrations and traffic backups.
And then the mayor comes on news the next morning on that Monday morning, a couple weeks ago, oh, well, I hope the people are frustrated enough now to realize that we need to vote yes, right?
You hope because you're the one that's doing it.
Yeah, we got some real watch out.
You know, we got that guy with a ham hocks there on channel four that else on shine waving is I have fat arms there.
That's the guy you ought to be screaming at.
Mr. hotshot, Mr. watching for out for the public.
That's what we ought to have is somebody who really is out there looking for the public in this town and not just somebody who's standing there waving his fat arms back and forth.
So disgrace media in this town.
You can't complain about the journalism in this town because there isn't any.
The only the only piece of journalism we had in this town recently was Carl Huyerson's column of Sunday,
which he'd even mentioned a word manatee in there once that's going curl.
I'm going to read it again tomorrow, by the way.
This is in a herald no less the award winning Carl Huyerson, who says the estimated cost of this elevated train if it ever did get built,
but there's no guarantee a hundred million dollars a mile.
Not a typo. He says a hundred million dollars per mile.
And nobody's right in the one that we got right now.
We're losing our ass as Richard Friedman said on that one.
Let's have a whole bunch more legs of that thing so we can lose a lot more money.
You people have to come up with a way to pay for it out of your pocket to build expensive trains to know where that nobody's going to ride.
It's 10 past 11 to 560 you're highly weighted WQA in.
Turn the bloody bitches.
If you're having a bus would you be a bitch?
No.
If your butt could come up with my hand for living and would you be willing?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
It's 1117 at 560 WQA.
I love when these numbers come in.
If not so important that you succeed but the assholes fail.
Let me give you the good news for the Rick and SUDs fans.
I'm going to give you the good news for the day.
I'm going to give you the good news for the day.
I'm going to give you the good news for the day.
I'm going to give you the good news for the day.
I'm going to give you the good news for the day.
I'm going to give you the good news for the day.
I'm going to give you the good news for the day.
I'm going to give you the good news for the day.
I'm going to give you the good news for the day.
I'm going to give you the good news for the day.
I'm going to give you the good news for the day.
I'm going to give you the good news for the day.
I'm going to give you the good news for the day.
I'm going to give you the good news for the day.
I'm going to give you the good news for the day.
I'm going to give you the good news for the day.
I'm going to give you the good news for the day.
I'm going to give you the good news for the day.
I'm going to give you the good news for the day.
I'm going to give you the good news for the day.
I'm going to give you the good news for the day.
I'm going to give you the good news for the day.
I'm going to give you the good news for the day.
I'm going to give you the good news for the day.
I'm going to give you the good news for the day.
I'm going to give you the good news for the day.
I'm going to give you the good news for the day.
I'm going to give you the good news for the day.
I'm going to give you the good news for the day.
I'm going to give you the good news for the day.
I'm going to give you the good news for the day.
I'm going to give you the good news for the day.
I'm going to give you the good news for the day.
I'm going to give you the good news for the day.
I'm going to give you the good news for the day.
I'm going to give you the good news for the day.
I'm going to give you the good news for the day.
I'm going to give you the good news for the day.
I'm going to give you the good news for the day.
I'm going to give you the good news for the day.
I'm going to give you the good news for the day.
I'm going to give you the good news for the day.
I'm going to give you the good news for the day.
I'm going to give you the good news from the day.
I'm going to give you the good news from the day.
And now even in the spring after we got off of that damn thing right through the roof
With all due apologies to our close personal friend Rob whatever his name was
Kaplan I know what his name is and his brother
Brothers a little shorter by the way think about a half an inch
Oh, he said that there's another $2,500. I'm talking about his height. Okay. You perverts up there and by the way
Instead of worrying about us saying crap on here. Where's that thing I had here? I got so much good look at this guess what's last
Not number 50 but number 51 because it isn't a state as far as education the best dates for children to grow up in
District of Columbia was in 50 for his place
I'm gonna worry so much about what if somebody said crap on here. You ought to clean up your own crap up there
Because every time it comes to crimes statistics filth and crime and mung and grotesque. I a horrible place
Which is the CD or federal government. What does that tell you?
The rectum of the federal government the anus of the universe they can us even look good
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless law
We're gonna have a party then of course I have to go to mamis for lunch today, but tomorrow we're gonna have the ultimate party
We're gonna have food brought in here from places that haven't even opened yet. That's right
We're gonna have a gigantic mammoth party here to mark a celebrate the fact that somehow in spite of all the adversity
All the naysayers in spite of a general manager whose fingers stuck in that hole in his head in spite of all the stuff that we got going around here
That guy with a big head and the guy with a big book on a morning show
In spite of the fact that we had us in three people in there to wake up wake wake hang up in on a show at what?
Two or three times during that book we had he probably would have been a little higher on the ladder and
He admitted that to me yesterday said he lost so much
He was so fat at one point there a few months ago that he was falling asleep on here as you well know
He said and I said, uh-huh. That's right
Here's candle hello
Hi Neil. Yes, sir. Listen. I just got two things to say
Fundamento me who listen to the neo-Rodger show doesn't I wouldn't do it? Yeah, I mean I started not why not are you some kind of a a neural-minded
No, no, no, no, no, listen to music instead. It's a wasted time. Yeah, especially the music in this time
But now that I listen to you, um, can I say addicted all right?
That's another 500 bucks right? I know it's five hundred dollars, but another thing I want to say
It's all worth it
Neil
We're gonna put 500 more buses on a congested road. Yeah already
And the only people that are gonna be riding the buses are the people that are senior citizens that are riding for free boy
Yeah
Guess we can have another add to the gridlock number one and number two we can add to the deficit
That's good thinking I never even thought about that
But then can I say one more thing? I want to call somebody a douchebag. Yes, sir
We're not there you mailman you are a douchebag. Okay God bless you sir
I have a great life and folks several times tomorrow. Oh, no, no. Yeah, there's a guy in candle. He's in date County
Got a couple of factors here it says remember back in 1981 metro failed was being built engineer said that the concrete being
Oh, that's right. That's right. I forgot about that God bless you Peter and Miami
I forgot even Richard Friedman forgot to mention this but I'm sure he remembers it now
back in
1980 when metro fail was being built engineer said that the concrete beams that the tracks are on had a 30-year life span
So in 10 years every one of these will have to be changed in fact
I remember a certain part of the line where they had to replace them because the the pillars were crumbling do you remember that?
It says boy, I'm glad I won't be living here then. I'll be out of here next year
See you in Vegas Peter. Thank you Peter God bless you for reminding me about more ineptitude there
Yeah, we had crumbling pillars. Okay, even a lot never saw crumbling pillars like that
So here's the fact that somebody by the name of Joe sent to mr. Erison
It's a
Oh, I can't I can't this is beautiful
Mr. Erison and also the Miami Herald
It says you dishonest crook shove your Dan newspaper up your back don't ask
This is your notice to cancel my subscription effective immediately nice move on the extra deliveries this week to my house and buy it coverage of the penny sales tax go
yourself
It's come like you who are driving people out of date county. I wouldn't let my dog score it on your newspaper
He's holding it in your face nice going there Joe. He's pissed off
See you've motivated a lot of people otherwise would have just sat around like they usually do in a heat in this town
Yeah, I'm scared. Alex you we're not gonna bother voting nobody ever votes here
But I think you're gonna be in for real unpleasant surprise tomorrow mr. Mayor
Mr. Penga, I think you're gonna be in for a real big fat surprise you and mr. Steerheim and mr. Erison and all your other asshole buddies
Every time I see him on TV I just look at that little twirpy face and that little ineffectual voice and I think to myself but it comes
Even if not literally just
figuratively you know what I'm saying
Here's Miami. Hello
Miami
Okay, now I want the reason I left that on there 34 minutes and 52 seconds that the mayor had a spare time to wait on hold to do that
Is that embarrassing or what huh?
That was him right there you could tell by the sound of that girdle
34 minutes and 52 seconds of spare time on taxpayer money that the mayor has to wait on hold before it can come on here and go
like that
That was that was it right there that was the definitive call that we've ever had on this radio show
Look on masterpiece theater the Tourette syndrome player
Present six pills Romeo and Juliet what like through yarn window break it is the east and Juliet is the
Presentation of Romeo
And Juliet on tonight
1148 550 WQ ended by the way after you say
We're supposed to say doodah doodah but anyway
567 05 60 pound 560 on a prestigious AT&T wireless line
Hank Goldberg show a chulas today Hank's gonna be celebrating the fact that he went up but his bonus went
Down I don't understand that
expect and you know where the phony they're always our phony numbers and every are rating book
stations that somehow I mean one rating book like I've told you before it doesn't make a career
Anybody can get a lucky kiss you know get a bunch of wire diaries a bunch of their groupies happy to get the diary
But it's over a period of time. I don't want to mention any names. Yeah, yeah
That you develop your proof something
But why 100 you know I'm talking about
That
Why 100 goes through the roof can anybody explain that to us why uh no all of a sudden
They're Q. Mamos doubles does anybody believe that no no unless they were buying the audience
Maybe we can get a spy report
Maybe they're giving away like 50,000 dollars to everybody who would listen to that crap because their length of listeners
If was an embarrassment like in the afternoon. See Hank got screwed out by that. Why 100 number one
Men 25 to 54
Is
What the hell is that their demographic is teens and maybe 18 to 34 not 25 to 54
Do we know any men 25 to 54 who listen to while 100 no would even admit it no better believe they don't
Jesus Christ
That athletes footy he's enough to drive me into a coma
38 to a 5.9 and they're cute. That's a total number of people listening during the week went from
50,700 to 84,000 and they'd like to listen to ship went down from two hours and 45 minutes a week
Which is all you but could take the two and a half hours, which is a really weak. I mean weak like the listeners ship
That's over the entire week
Does anybody believe that no so nice going you did it once you pulled it off this one time over there 40 and all you losers over there with your bubble gum music
5.9 here 25 to 54 and don't you dare say what you're about to say because I know what the D.V. is a little spick you are what am I gonna say about the fact
They play the back street boys. They also played pretty spirit. No somebody called and they made a good point
They were playing Ricky Martin every five minutes
During this whole big hoopla you mean you mean to say that there are people men 25 to 54 are listening to Ricky Martin
All I can say is just like when I look at the mayor might it punish
Time for some modicones and cheese. Okay, that's what the Pope says
Yeah, that's all you could use to be yet. So you could eat on Friday with modicones and cheese. Yeah
Oh, yeah, well, of course Ricky Martin. He's big on the cheese. You know, I'm talking about
That's our pull question by the way is Ricky Martin circumcised uncircumcised or does he even really have one no I doubted
I think he's got a
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line why 100 my ass okay
My ass Ricky Martin put them over the top huh with men
I now one thing one thing I'll prove to you. I will guarantee you there are more
heterosexual men who will admit listening to the back street boys then admit listening to Ricky Martin
That's not even a condo no contest. You would agree with that. Oh, absolutely. I'm a one. Thank you. Thank you
Because at least some of them might be straight and at least they can sing a couple
Here's Kendall. Hello
Good afternoon, they'll be sure. I just picked up a part of what Richard Freeman's talking about you got your toilet flushing music ready
My toilet flush. Yeah
Do we even have it I don't think we even have a toilet flush well anyway
Yeah
How would you like
All right, how would you like to buy gravity turlits?
County aviation department sitting in their warehouse has a hundred and twenty five
Toilets they bought toilet seats in
1995 at eight thousand dollars a piece remember that the answer 95 sure only fifty dollars last night at nine forty nine during the commission meeting
I was watching on TV mr. the lap of the aviation director had the hooks but to get up to the county commission and when Margo was caught this
To extend the contract for the service country extend the contract period
For the service of these toilet seats
You know how much if you have a lot of clips about the hook was right you ready for the price of this
To maintain what the county's been paying for the past four years to maintain 500 toilet seats at the airport
25 hundred dollars per seat per year
That's how to direct
And
And Gary the lap I had the nerve to tell her that was a bargain. Yeah
And old and we're paying and I just figured out here in my office that you could have gone to Home Depot
And every time someone used a toilet seat could have replaced each toilet seat every time will be cheaper
What they're paying 25 hundred dollars? What are they doing bringing in a bunch of illegal aliens?
Delicaten clear something well
What is it required to maintain the toilet seat?
I don't know
The new ones that Chicago supposedly is using that when you when you sit down
That's right. It has the little
A couple of that's supposed to move around your project
We push a button before you sit down and the little stuff is supposed to move around but it usually doesn't work
Then they got stuck into this contract. There's only one company that can supply you the extra plastic
That's the company that sold them to eight thousand dollars seats
So they still got eight thousand dollars seat to 125 sit and they have a used and we're paying
$2,500 and they won an extension on the contract they extended another 90 days and
September October they're going to vote on whether they're going to keep the contract another three years and 20
I can't read it by a $2,500 toilet seat
And
And these are the people that want to extra penny give me a break. Okay pal
Just keep that one word in mind it keeps going through my mind. No over and over again
Yeah, I just keeps rattling around in my little brain. No over and over again
Get smart as Don Adams would say get smart before it's too late
Don't let them stick it in there again. Okay, and twist it around and give you bleeding oozing hemorrhoids
What's his name?
Start standing up for yourselves and showing that you're not like Frado you're not dumb you're smart
Okay, not like Frado in the godfather you got a little bit of a brain and a little bit of intestinal fortitude and you're not going to get suckered in again
You see if they really had something legitimate going on here they wouldn't have to hit you with these hysterical scare tactics
I mean that editorial today. It's enough to make you you don't know what it'll affect for cry
Just
Imagine if you vote no the business climate deteriorates the economy declines the tax based withers poverty worsens and parts of this once vibrant community
This is even worse than casino gallows. I don't like to me
We don't have more metro rail this time's gonna go to hell on a hand basket
Can anybody answer why no 100
And
By the way, not only just say no the penny sales tax just say no for violent 102. Okay, it sucks
Give me a break
No real man 25 to 54 years of age would ever admit to listening to that piece of crap, okay?
And if you do admit it one thing we would like to know is why yeah, please
22 before noon at 560 wqm on a great Wednesday. I just out of the blue a shock out of nowhere
Comes this miraculous thing we bailed ourselves out. Okay, it's a freaking miracle
Even even though the rest of the me you see this is a radio show in a vacuum
The rest of the media doesn't even recognize that I'm here. That's the best part
The best part I don't exist
Especially when Tom jickers out of town. I don't even exist
And still got like a 10-year-in-man here about a 10-5 maybe an 11-year
How do you like that double digits double freaking digits
I don't make believe phantom radio station whose idea of promotion is to send Sam and the junior out there in the uh in the van
Given away crap that nobody will take
Nice go on Sam. Oh get a life get a real identity stop being an appendage
I know
This shows the human capacity for pain
If you have a take of a family member loves one or a neighbor who has been punched kicked or hitting a nut by a baseball or any other hard object send it to boy
That's got to hurt
Wednesday night for boy that's got to hurt
Boy that's got to hurt
Yes
15 to 15 50 every QM got to hand cover show from Shula State to come up at the two o'clock six o'clock
What do we got we got the talking baseball again another hour with Donnie B can you handle it?
No, and then we got the a pregame at seven of marlins in the Phillies don't forget tomorrow
We got a short show on election day because we're getting screwed
Because somebody probably is getting paid off
Marlins that fill it off you tomorrow at one which means the pregame show is 12 30 so we have only a two and a half hour show tomorrow
Sounds like a communist to conspiracy to me five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
Here's the the Grove hello
Yes, you know how you're doing great it takes it takes off a fat Jewish fact to do this great
Cubic service for this community absolutely correct
Let me tell you it's gonna scary. I'm completely against the Neil
Yeah, but it's scary when it comes down you know the big voters on here are our de Julio dumb and up the dumb and
Park all people yeah, and you know they're brainwashed with the wall you're gonna get a free
Boss and this and that and well we don't spend that much money anyway, so you know those are the people who scare me
Yeah, those are the one that go out there massively and they freaking vote
I would say probably a good idea would be like to keep him occupied down or get give away like a free
I don't know free something free a guacamole
Exactly and like you said this city is just not a regular city
This city's not meant for no freaking metro
I mean anybody who's lived here more than five minutes and knows the topography the geography the lay of the land
Know that there is just no way to create
I mean if we had all the money in the world
We still couldn't create a mass transit system that would work for anybody because it's just not practical
It's not that kind of an area exactly. We all use our car. Hey if I go to the bathroom. I use my car, right?
Okay, and I don't do it at the airport though. I'm hushed this another 2500
They'll have a question for your service is why what what is it that FCC has against the word shot?
I don't want to add on the camera. There are a bunch of anal retentive old parts. That's what it is because we have the word police because it's America man
It's such a common word. I mean it's really one of the first words you learn when you're in the UK
Yesterday called like the third word out of his mouth was bull shot and I had a dump it and I had no conversation with a guy because that's the way people speak
You know, maybe the big hunter from the FCC wants out a bad experience with you out or something maybe has a real problem
I want to give a little message to my push
Mayor from the county from our penis. Yes, I got a box is
Okay
Okay, I'll decay your meat is whatever you said George is chuckling. So I must have been something disgusting in the humorist
5 6705 and very dirty 5 6705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's Miami hello
You know, yes sir. Hey, how you doing great. I got something wonderful for you. That's you enjoy I work out here at FIU
Right, and we got a memorandum today from the president the death don't medike
Mind if I read a quick passage over ahead, please. Okay. It's been open through the first paragraph on July 29th
Miami-Dade voters will be given the opportunity to vastly improve our counties congested transportation system
Voter approval will also bring 90 million dollars in scholarship funding to FIU over the next 20 years
Providing opportunities for thousands without standing Miami-Dade students
Are going to be at FIU in 20 years by the way. Here's your chance to really save on your tuition
It continues on later on the transportation benefits to Miami-Dade county will be unparalleled
Funding will support a dramatic expansion to the metro rail system including a much-nated link between University Park campus and North Campus
There will also be a vastly improved and expanded bus system 86 new lanes miles of expressways and widening
Widen the length to 363 lane
333 lane miles of expressways
And it says I urge your consideration on this important issue. Yeah, that's a singular
I urge you to consider voting. No, that's what I urge. No, that's it
This is a singular opportunity to develop a comprehensive transportation system in our county and to establish an FIU community fund to provide
$10 to venture date residents. Yes, so when your grandchildren are going to school there and you're saying oh my god
I can only afford to send my grandkids to FIU in 20 years from now
Maybe this thing will be here, but probably now right head and and you know what I'm about tomorrow talk about an empty promise man
Talk about if come the only thing they don't realize is I know a lot of dead people
So I'm gonna get them all out there tomorrow
We're we're reading the cemeteries tonight
Get what we're voting. Okay. I'll give it to them. Okay pal. Thanks, lay
I'm looking on this phone thing here, and I see Ernie soaching misspelled by the way George Vancepelling
I see Ernie soach him. Oh, when you're this famous you supposed to spell his name right. I would also probably looking for his socks still
How are you Ernie? I'm doing great. How do you do a nail? Excellent. I wish I were on the year so I could support this thing here
Yes, this is absolutely driving me not to miss penny sales back. Yeah. Now do you see within days now?
We're the major supporters of the fund this morning
The builders yeah
What a shocked that is other people are gonna police the public again right the guys who cars all the congestion and traffic to begin with are the ones that are
Financing this whole stupid thing right and it seems like every I'm amazed at otherwise intelligent people who are being grouped by this thing people
But I used to have respect for I suddenly think that this is gonna be a
Hanna C and gonna solve all the problems in day county and who might those people be?
I don't know and they do they'll bring them on Hernandez back. That'll really solve everything. I don't think he's got his yellow card
And I guess what everyone seems to be thinking is that if this thing passes everybody else
Would use the metro rail and then leave the highway spree for them. Oh, yeah
That'll be the only logic that I can under just like the first 11 miles. Yeah
Remember how we remember how we fought that thing the first time and
I'm afraid too many people do not remember that that's one of the problems
And then then and they rigged the election anyway just like what it would look like it was gonna lose their late at night
They miraculously found a bunch of
People in a homestead and rigged the election anyway
Absolutely incredible what they've been able to do and they're gonna fool the people again
That's what I'm afraid of people really think so I gotta think from the coconut girl playhouse
Telling me I better both for this thing or we may lose the coconut girl playhouse. Yeah, how are you gonna continue with life then?
Ah brother
Anyway, keep keep off what you're doing. I wish I like to be on the air and talk to some more people
We need more people like you on there. That's good hearing your voice again. Good hearing from you. I need to take care of you. Bye bye
Here's a good guy Ernie Sochi remember those days when Ernie used to be on here with us. No
No, W snooze I N Z
No, I would be no remember those days we used to do this by-er with them shows anybody alive remembers those shows. No
Okay, no one you can show me. I'm not gonna repeat it on here
Yeah, now what what demographic is this?
Then no, no, I'm not giving any uh, I'm not you're so nervous
Beautiful wow look at that. Well, I'm telling you we're great, you know, I do say so myself
Deal good. I'm gonna start licking myself all over my body really. That's uh, astonishing
And thanks for all the promotion to Greg. We couldn't have done without you
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on you see the bad part of it is when you get a great book like this
And they this keeps happening over and over again and they don't do any promotion
Well, why should we spend any money because look how great we're doing anyway
Well, we better start spending money because they're putting some heavy duty competition on that station on 2800 on the dial
It's going on August whatever it is which I guarantee you the Harold if this thing loses tomorrow
I guarantee you the hero will run a front page series very jackass starting on Friday about that
New station on 3600 on the a m dial that be running full page things on a front page with very jackasses picture on there
With his tongue on somebody's back over there at the 4900 on the a m dial
That's how desperate they are to try to bury us and guess what we're burying them. That's the best part
Everybody hates the hero. Let's hear it. Everybody hates the frickin' hero
Including especially us because they suck
Because there are a bunch of selfish
Self-aggrandizing they don't give a crap about you or anybody else in the community all they care about is what's good for them
And just remember the same people that are giving you a lecture about how you want to vote tomorrow
These are the ones that picked up there were goodies and ran off to a silicone valley
Out there in California with the nightrider headquarters because this town was such a toilet. They didn't want to stay here
The same people that gave you the original metro fail the same people at, but you know a Tony Ritter that put over this
A Mickey Harrison deal here the same people that gave you all the old crap right up the old rectum
And now they're trying to tell you how to vote tomorrow
See I'm gonna tell you right now when the herald tries to tell you one thing
I would immediately run in the other direction
If they say at night, I would look up at the sun and close my eyes because I would know the sun is shining brightly
If they say it's Tuesday then it must be Wednesday
Because they lie a lot because there are a bunch of self-serving pricks is what they are at the herald
Here's a mobile and the Grove hello
Hallelujah Neil
Hey, you know what the latest is the bus drivers are stopping and giving a five-minute sermon
On the bus as to why people should vote for this tax
You know and and somebody bought up the airport forget the toilet seats
We didn't have carts at the airport because they were exploring the cart company for 50% of their business in the state of Florida
Yeah, you know, so I mean if John got it had this crew to work with it still be up right?
That's right
I don't understand how ten people well that don't work for the government or our construction company are gonna vote yes
The why just don't understand it well early and often man get up there early on
Oh, that's right. We got a real surprise for you mr. Mayor of thinga. We got dead people
We got people that don't live here. We got people that haven't been born yet
We got the fetus hunters are gonna bring in 50,000 fetuses that are gonna vote tomorrow. That's right
We got a real shock for your sweetheart
Because you think they can get up there with all those the fakers standing behind you that bunch of losers
It looks like the bowry boy standing behind him there and you know mumble a few words
Oh, no, it's not gonna be like before all the broken promises and everybody in town is bending their doubled over in laughter
Doubled over in laughter because you got no credibility you jackass
You're a fool you are clown and just keep in mind one of the most important things is this guy won't have to be around here to answer for this
Because he's got much higher aspirations than this that's with two s's
He wants to be like we said yesterday governor Corleone senator Corleone vice president Corleone
He can't be president Corleone in fact he couldn't be right. How could he be vice president was he born here? I think he was oh
Well, I say let's run him for vice president. Okay. Let's put him up there get him a hell out of here
Yeah, just give him a little orifice there the oral office junior and getting the hell out of here before you
Destroyed it and then of course the best deal is now in the city of Miami now. We're gonna have the election in November
And till careroyo is real upset because now they can cut short his term because now they want to have a strong mayor in Miami
I say let's have mayor Suarez back
Can't get much stronger than that
We want a dictator form of ownership in Miami. Let's bring Xavier back. Okay
He'll be running around up and down the streets in his underwear go. I'm a little bit like that. Not gonna on your door three in the morning
At least we'll get a little humor back in his town
Five five six seven. Yeah, he'll be caught up the Harold would death threats too like he was the last time remember that
Here's a lady mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello
Lady mobile
24 minutes and 25 seconds and probably your phone crap down
What's a good thing anyway? We didn't have time to talk to her
56705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. It's four minutes before noon here at 560
WQAM the station that stands way
Above the restaurant and drops a good load on her head while they're not looking
Do you see those numbers by the law? I'm sorry
Oh
Just I'm a mouth it can't really know who float it into town and when I've riddled her
I just can't put it down since all the two of those moves the way that how to try to get
We don't need me how to change his name in that
And the end of the
It's perfect for a town
Well, there's no life to be found
Outside of what's in the best
Like rubbing eight teams and juke things or is in the hands of her rotators to the air against the hospital
For the old it's come movies that is the bad that's all you need to know
I read it when I guess the case of black people's words and then I wipe my ass and I wipe a pair of russures
What don't you have to be happy and rot?
Yeah, be happy and rot
Yeah, be sick, right?
Don't you have to be happy and rot?
Yeah, be happy and rot
Yeah, be happy and rot
You take time
Oh
That a well flat pitch
Honestly, yes
Well, go to it 560 WQM or number one baby we're kicking some serious ass
We can just get a little help around us here now. How they're doing okay? They're doing good
What do you want from them? How would you want from those guys?
They're stuck with what the you know they inherited that crap they got to talk about
And by the way, I don't want to mention that somebody said I don't want to say it was our program director who said like a few weeks ago
Well, you know
Back in January we had a big month because of the Super Bowl
It is the Super Bowl have anything to do with lifting on his own show. No, anybody with a brain believe that
No
Let's see this spring rating book that just came in that we kicked some just major ass
April May and June did they play any football games except the CFL they play any games in those months?
No, they played a Super Bowl in April May or June. No, and we still kicked ass
As we continue like heavy heavy cream rising to the top you know, I'm talking about squirt squirt each your heart out Eric leptin
And how's that kid doing by the way?
Oh, he's still out the window
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 see I hate to break the news to you
This show is for people with a sense of humor people who on a one hand have enough brains that maybe they want to go out and vote tomorrow because they're pissed off and fired up
But the other hand don't take life quite so seriously and have a sense of humor and are not tight about somebody saying crap or even taking one
Unless it's on a $2,500 pro. Let's see the airport
Here's a bokeh hello
Yeah, yes, sir. Hey, listen. I just got a sub to add here. First of all, I wish I could like his vote in the election tomorrow
Come on down anyway just phoning up a registration car. We need your vote
Yeah, really, but there's something I want to pass on to you. My work is at the Bellman at a ratisan hotel that's near the ocean in bokeh
About two years ago, Nick years and was standing in the hotel. Hey, he wants
Never tipped us when we pulled his car up never said thank you and when we checked him out he didn't give us anything
He totally stiffed us the whole time. How do you like that? Yeah, so when I hear I was a billionaire
That's with a bee his daddy's got the nine billion dollars. He ran off to Israel about ten years. No taxes tax-free and
And this guy doesn't subsidize the the local governments or the federal government because all his cruise ships are
You know, we're foreign registry to whatever the hell are registered to some foreign country and this guy is so cheap
He's not even tipping you guys. No, and the thing is he never said thank you and he just seemed like such an arrogant
Prassard I mean I
Absolutely horrible death
Absolutely horrible and when I hear everything that you're saying about him and these other guys in the
Quickreader trying to pull and that he's already pulled with the arena. It just doesn't surprise me at all
Excellent. Thanks for the good news. Thank you Neil. See you. There you go
Not only is he got more money than God not only is he got the politicians in his pocket pulling all these little magical
Last minute turn around deals for him, but he's also a cheap prick. How do you like that? Oh
5 6 7 0 5 see I don't know about you
But it seems to me that they has come when a lot of people in this town ought to be tired of subsidizing very wealthy spoiled people
Like Mickey Irison like Wayne Highping like John Henry and don't forget I get my hockey tickets free and all the other sports too
John Henry here's a man they they're writing about he just went off to Alaska a week ago
On his 165 foot yacht
He's gonna go up there in the dittle around on
And he's oh yeah, well he's exploring various sites where he would like us to build him a stadium
So they can put that minor league ball club in there that you're expected to go and subsidize and suffer with
And every time you get a pair that looks promising that you start to like a little bit
Oh, guess what we'll trade him away anyway because it's gonna be a hundred years before they start making any money back even a new dome stadium that you're supposed to build for him
I don't know about you because I make a few bucks, but I'm sick
I don't think I'm that crazy about subsidizing millionaires on stuff that I don't really need or want anyway
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on our mobile one line and the calls are free and so is the show. How do you like that?
The price is right
Here's a mobile in Miramar. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you pretty good sir?
The guy called maybe a half hour ago ago about
The memo they passed that if you know
Modesto Medique is on the border director's a carnival. Yeah
Is he not that?
Modesto Modic is on their border director. So we have a test of his relationship with the just aforementioned Mr. Ererson
Absolutely correct. Yeah. Oh, they're still Modic who's the new president over there at F.I.U
Take it easy, Neil. Thanks for the good news. How do you like that? You see this little web of interwoven in Szechy
with the relationships here. You see how it all comes down? Uh-huh
Just like Tony Ritter and just like the Harold and Mickey Ererson all all in there that little small area downtown
The so-called downtown power structure and the non-group sitting around having their non meetings pulling all the strings
And Mr. Penis by the way. He's just a little puppet. That's all he is
Just a little puppet. I'm sure they're making all kinds of promises to him
All they'll support him. He's gonna run for Congress and gonna run for Senate and he's gonna be the vice president
He's gonna be the president of the uh the Shwiner's Club something someday
Just all a bunch of little puppets with their own aspirations who couldn't give a crap less about the little people out there
They're not concerned about the little people other than that when they need it. They want your money
They want you to turn your money over to them, but other than that they couldn't give a crap less
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line
Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. County employee who opposes the penny sales tax
Oh, and I got in trouble for throwing away all the pamphlets really. Yes, sir
How do they find out about somebody saw me throw off that over a lot of 50-year-old minigarbit?
Oh, you got to do a little more tactfully than that just do a one at a time. That's how many they gave me to pass them out
Uh-huh. I just throw a I don't support this. I threw it all away. Good for you
I see the ways that happens every day. Excellent. It's terrible
And there's a lot of other county employees who don't support it. Okay. Well you make sure they're all new aroders
Make sure that each and every one of them votes no three or four times tomorrow at the very minimum
We're gonna dig up some corpses and take them to the polls. All right. Thanks pal. All right, deal
There you go
See you can you can tell people okay, whatever you say, you know what we want to keep our jobs
And then of course when you go in there, uh, they can't they're not looking over your shoulder
They don't know whether it's a yes or a no
Tom you're gonna vote yes and then vote no that's a way to do it
Say don't blame me. I did my part
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line case you missed it the ratings came out this nation is
Surya's big major ass. Don't ask us how we did it because we haven't got the foggiest idea other than this show
Well, we got a real good idea what that's all about because we know that everybody in this town is listening right now
Even the ones who don't admit it the ones who claim they hate it like poison
That's why every time we get a detractor who calls because obviously they're serious mental health
I say thank you so much for listening to 5 60 WQM and if they get diaries the labor put it down
They'd be honestly admitted listening to how do you like that? I think we got 130% of the audience listening between 10 and 2
If you ask me
Look at Joe costo. He's walking around having a celebratory thing
He's walking around his Hawaiian shirt with his big cat today saying yeah
If that auto racing show on Saturday morning that's what put us over the top god damn it you believe that uh, yeah
About time we had some real sports on a station and said that stupid as golf that's for pandeys golf
Kiss my silly Lee
Well, again, it's time for boys that's got to hurt
Look at funny videos that shows the human capacity for pain
Ah
The family member loves one or a neighbor who has been punched kicked or hit in a nut-bath by a baseball or any other hard object
Send it to boys that's got to hurt
Well, it's a nice boy boy that's got to hurt
That's got to hurt
I don't know
I carried away with all this stuff going on today if I played it before it was worth hearing a second time
Wasn't it no it was okay
12 15 at 5 60 wq am here's the facts from penny and four lotterdale who says
Just wanted to say my husband told me to listen you weeks ago and although I do not listen to much of my husband's advice
I did listen to you and must say for once he was right
Like that nice going penny that's for you sweet art
Secondly, I want to say that Ron and Ron the more on before I start listening to rock
But I do listen to Paul and Ron in the morning. They're not as humorous as you but I find them funny
Especially look at so I was just wondering how Zeta did in the spring book thanks says penny in four lotterdale
Well, I'll tell you what penny here's the morning's 2554 which of course on Zeta is their target demographic
persons are men
persons
Meaning what is penny and what I thought
I mean I'll get to the men in a second mr
Don't second so pushy and by the way for all those George the tractors and George bashes out there
Are you programming maven's and experts that said oh yeah? Are you crazy? What do you think it about bring those tapes back? Well, guess what
George was on for a week out of this 13 week rating period
Am I right?
The end of May right and we still did sense they shouldn't do the little kid. Well, whatever the hell it was
End of May what
No now you get a great away the end the very end of June and you know the end of May
Like I said George was on 10 of the 13 weeks and that's why we did so great April when I was on a whole month. We did crappy
Trying to give him a compliment right away. No, I was on I was think I was on all 13 weeks. You were out of here. We're just that so old man
So anyway persons 2554 Howard had an 8.6 in the morning number one
Radio Amuro 7.2 was number two hot 105 taking a pretty good drop over there by the way over the
Cox people they can't afford to drop too much because Cox is buying up all those cable companies everything out of the
Insight
Then why 100 were that inflated distorted thing they had
But anyway, Zeta had a 4.3 down from a 5.3 in a fall book Zeta took her hit in the morning
It took a pretty good dump in there. So they were number seven in the morning
In the person now men 2554. I'm so glad you asked
And I have no idea where that is because the junior was just in here and he's a well-dumbled up now
And I thank him for that because they'll kill some more good time while I'm funding around and looking for the a demo
Look at that that looks so great that looks so sensation looking here and see this
To see big Howard's number one in a morning men 2554 with a 12.1 share down slightly from the fall
But only slightly and there's QAM 5.9 war number two in a morning and men pretty damn proud of it
But anyway men 2554 how did Zeta do now that you mentioned
mentioned Howard's got a 12.1 Zeta's number three even we'd meet them out. How do you like that huh?
dropping from a 7.1 to a 5.8
So there you go boys and girls there's the Zeta report and you're entitled
I mean penny I mean not everybody's perfect and if you missed Paul's material the first time when some of the rest of us gave it
It can be pretty amusing second time around
56705 60 we got 400 open lines. You're on a great Wednesday
Great days of our lives
I'll tell you that even great's walking around with a big smile on his push like
Something good happened. I don't know what it was, but something pretty good happened
56705 60 pound 560 on our mobile one line
Here's the mobile in Miami. Hello
Mobile in Miami after waiting that we got some people today talk about patients. They wait a long time then they vanish
Okay, sorry not here's Miami. Hello
Hello Neil I'm a bus rider and
I think it's up here in for the poor first but we got no car vet
No miss a day like free when all the free will pull a crap. Yeah, we need this
For all of our working people got to get the bus to get the work all the working people are want to pay another penny sales tax
And almost everything they buy that's right, but we need a straight attention. So we can't afford no car vet, you know
I know I need this bar. I need this much of real and look at brown kind of
I'm about to fix about a beautiful brown Toyota
So I'm about to bust a running out of crop of bra
You can't get a buffalo sitting there brawl kind of yeah, so when you talk about that
It's just a tough answer. They say they count all the time. Yeah, okay get a bike
Get a bike would be good get a little bicycle. Have somebody teach you how to ride it
Start out with one of those three wheels would be good
Little training bright and training bra would be good too
You notice the nature of the people who have called these last several days who are the yes people
You notice the
5607 05 60 pound 560 on a mobile one line. Here's Miami. Hello
Miami Neil yes, sir. Yeah, how you doing? Okay, I got something that I don't know if people have been paying attention to
When you go through the toll roads you get a piece of paper that's tax deductible. Yeah, would you get tax deductible from a penny and a half sales tax
Where's the advantage there is none exactly? Uh-huh
That's what I wanted to bring to people's attention. You can always use that piece of paper and it's fine
I mean there a whole whole bunch of people like people who work who have to drive the thing every day for work
Who are commuters who get the receipt and of course you save them up and you get it back at the end of the year
That's right. So all right sir have a good day. Thanks for good point. Thank you
5607 05 60 pound 560 on a mobile one line
Here's Miami Lake. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir
First of all for the penny sales tax. I'm going to vote hell no and second of all
Why is it that in the daytime? I can never find any prostitute
But you're hanging out in the wrong parts of town, okay
Call in the afternoon and Hank will give you some pointers. I'll tell you where to go 5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 on the mobile one line
Here's hi, Leah. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. All right
Well, you know, where you've heard that uh roll Martinez mayor hi, Leah is against that is absolutely correct sir
Mayor Martinez. No, that's what I applaud mayor Martinez's own is decision and so do I because we don't he'll be the crap out of us
Right um one thing I was going to mention though
They're saying that the airport is a heavily congested area and that is correct
It is a heavily heavily congested area. Uh-huh something that I've been trying to get the
Somebody to listen to from the from the county is that there is an avenue north west 37th Avenue
Which is the hub of all the rental vehicles
Uh that are that um that are being rented by everybody coming out of the airport, right?
Okay, those people instead of continuing on 37th Avenue going north
There's a dead end on 37th Avenue
What it does is it just adds to the congestion over on the June
One suggestion it would cost maybe maybe a hundred thousand maybe a hundred fifty thousand dollars at most
Lake one bridge to connect 37th Avenue to Okitobi and to the one twelve expressway yeah and that would
greatly lessen the over
congestion of the June heading north or south right in the in the airport area
Um, I think you're starting to make trouble now man
Biting too many bushes right hey be about who you okay my bison
Oh, by the way speaking of beaten bushes last night for some reason in my channel surfing at 11 o'clock
I came on channel seven news, which I very rarely do
And uh rick sanchez who must have been hyperventilating something more than usual last night
talked about some guy that got hit on his bike a hit and run and he got tossed into the bushes
The US HES as in the governor bush he got he got tossed into the bushes
I
Think that since Rick heard about that guy dying that he hit in the car in front of pv park that time
He's never been the same again. He's like crumbling at the scenes because you know that guy. He's dead oh
56705 60 pound five sixty on the mobile one line here. We got the 20 or 30 thousand openings here for you
On a great Wednesday
We're having a good time whether you want to participate or not that's up to you tomorrow's the big day
Our d-day it's d-day
Let's see if we can get some living beat the bushes a little bit here and see if we can find some living and breathing people in
So-called Miami-Dade County which that was another piece of ingenuity they came up with change in the name of the county
So they'd have to spend all that taxpayer money to change all the stationery all the signs everything out of the Sun
Because just playing old-aid county that wasn't good enough
Like nobody knew what they'd count it was all you had to do
Travel all over the world okay, and if you mentioned you were from dade county did all go like that they knew what it was
It started making little sounds and then it was go boy they knew
Maybe it's attempt to camouflage it
Here's the north Miami hello
North Miami yeah, Neil yes sir
I want to inform you on this penny sales tax if you if you purchasing
refrigerator what's saying in brown county and you live in Dade
Ah, well, they don't have registrations for refrigerators so it's you're not going to pay the extra well of course not
You're not going to pay the extra penny in brown
Right
The only thing that you would pay the the extra penny I would be a car because the car is based on where you're
It's registered to which is your address so if you live in Dade it won't do you any good to buy the car in brown
But but anything sure of that major purchases like refrigerators and sing a TV sets big screen TVs
Yeah, five six thousand dollar TVs people will go to broward to spend their money
Yeah, delivered to your home and you live in Dade or they don't doesn't make any difference no
So it's actually been
Well, I'll come up with the mayor comes up with the delivery police. Maybe we'll start that now
Okay, okay, one call up the newborn then we can place the music and have a little party or celebrate the great ratings because
They just don't care they can't keep it up every day right about this time
You think they're eating lunch or something like that we don't care because we know you're all out there
We know you're all out there squeezing yourselves
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line. Let's take this the last call mobile in Miami. Hello
I know yes, sir. Yeah, just not much material
Comment on the the receipt that you get that you can claim at the end of the year
I'm being audited unfortunately that's printed on fax paper and the first two years
There's nothing on the paper but white
And they said you have all these pieces of paper you sure you went through the toll yeah
Then on the gratney toll up until yesterday you go through and you pay your fifty cents. It only gives you a twenty five cent receipt
Uh-huh. How do you like that?
This should push it twice
Right
Good believe it
Thanks Neil. You'll get one of those uh, oh he's gone
Want to go sun pass deals because then I think then you can automatically record it get a receipt for the money that when you send in the money
For the sun pass thing I believe I'm sure
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line
Look at that everybody's eating taco bell, which I have to pass on because I meet once a time today
What is it roasted pepper roasted peckers? Oh my god
I got a pass because I'm on the mommies today and I'm having my lunch there
But don't worry because I'm gonna rifle cure garbage for a couple of hours
I'm gonna rifle through everything air be garbage can under the bed
I'm gonna be rummaging through that joint after all I own it
This is the most disgusting program. I urge everyone to complain to this station
Okay
Oh
Does
Wow
He's
Something he's bringing left, not not talking, not not to look at.
I ain't looking for mail just a little too much.
That's all a little too slow.
His novel is just a little too long.
But while they're growing, I will be more and more
and he's got a really big, shallow trout.
The girl with cream, if he let it out.
He's got a really big, shallow trout.
I'm fishing for the...
He's got a really big, shallow trout.
That's why I can't make me just swim and shout.
He's got a really big, shallow trout.
I'm fishing for the...
He's got a really big, shallow trout.
He's got a really big, shallow trout.
He's got a really big, shallow trout.
The ship of the world.
Five roll two.
About 32 at 5.50 W.C.M.
So the dealers were analyzing these ratings here.
Come to find out that Ricky Martin has put Y100 on top.
But that's, if you know, surprisingly, puts everybody else on top too.
By the way, I never even got to the story about Joey Carr.
If you've been around town for a long time, about two, three hundred years.
Like I have, dining and dancing, the worst commercials in the history of the human race.
Joey Carr, TV pitchman.
Joan Fleischman's got a whole big article today with a picture.
Which one's got the Tony?
Escort Sews for a piece of wealthy widows estate.
Escort.
For 15 years, 89-year-old TV Huckster, Joey Carr, a squired millionaire philanthropist.
Polly Lux the Hirschmeyer, about town.
He escorted her to cheer the events.
Nightclubs, racetracks, restaurants.
Later, Federer and her wheelchair before her death last year in 98.
Carr, 68, is now suing her estate for upward to $6 million,
alleging breach of contract and fraud.
She reneged on a promise to take care of me, claims, omitting him from her will.
Alright!
I lost my biggest clients.
I missecurepised everything for Polly.
He says, I gave up my office.
I gave up my dining and dancing.
I went downhill all the way.
And now I'm only appearing in one commercial on WAMI.
How do you like that? On WAMI?
WAMI!
Get it!
Yeah.
Good old Joey Carr, man.
There's a guy.
Could he sell something or what?
No.
Another worst.
The corneus commercials in the history of the worst commercials in the history of television.
And he still got four or five clients who haven't caught onto him yet.
Good luck to you, Joey.
You'll need it.
56670560, pound 560 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, get this.
I'm driving through Miami Lakes, right?
Yeah.
And then I come across a road called Alex Penaelus Drive.
Now, what is this guy done to get a road named after him?
He's been there for about 15 minutes.
How the hell has he got a name after him already?
Before he did the Mickey Allison deal, he went ahead and gave himself a road as well.
What he did?
Why don't we go to get Jorge Mascunosa Highway?
Anyways, that's all I got.
No, no, no, no.
Thank you, sir.
God bless you.
Early and often tomorrow, tomorrow, today, baby.
I hope that by the time I come on here at 10 o'clock tomorrow, each and every one of you who's a registered voter at Dave County has voted at least three times, though.
And then is getting ready to roll up your sleeves and get serious the rest of the day.
I'd go around knocking on doors if I were you door to door and say, are you registered?
Just drag them.
Don't even wait for them to get dressed.
Drag them down to their polling place and to make sure they're polling it.
Okay?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Here's the one Achaican smell it.
We're so close to a major victory for the real people in Dave County.
Not the morons, not the naive idiots, not the people in IQ and a minus column.
Really believe the bullcrap that's been puttled them now.
20 years ago, they sold you a bill of goods, a billion dollar boom dollar.
And like Richard Friedman pointed out when he called, it really is a two billion dollar boom dollar.
With all the minus, the revenue that's had to be paid, all the money that's been lost.
Because of the fact that it's a flop.
The quote to Sun Centrel, who are even kind of in a wishy-washy way saying, oh yeah, yes, both are good idea.
But they're still saying it was a flop.
F-L-O-P.
Flop, flop, flop.
Remember that commercial flop, flop, whatever that thing was?
That's right.
And if this thing does pass, there won't be enough Alka Seltzer to go around in this town.
In the years to come when a deficit's continued running up and up, and the delays and the overruns,
just like Carl Heisen says in his award.
He should get a goddamn Pulitzer Prize for his column on Sunday morning in the Herald.
I'm surprised they put it in there.
Should have been on the front page.
Of course, we got Barry Jackass right in comms about that sports days net.
And leave on, leave in town. That's got to be on the front page.
Not something important. Yeah, leave on.
How are we going to go on without leave on?
So, Elton Johnson.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hello? Yes, sir.
Hey, long time, first time, long time, you know.
All right.
All right. Just to let you know, the only people that are going to vote for this thing, yes.
Tomorrow, the Cuban junkie radio junkie.
Yeah.
All my mom yesterday, and she's going to vote, yes, and she's going to vote.
That's it. Those are the only people.
Because I mean, if you were to spend one dollar and two tolls,
so two dollars every weekday, you'd probably spend up to $600 in a year or less.
Yeah.
You'll top that off within three months with this sale tax.
Uh-huh.
Three, four months is ridiculous.
Amen.
So vote no.
Okay, thanks, pal. Take away their dominoes before it's too late.
By the way, I want to correct. I said you got Taco Bell today,
so I didn't even give these people a nice plug.
And it's really the roasted pepper.
Isn't that the place?
Isn't that what our former senator and Congressman
was not his name? The roasted pepper.
What?
Roasted quad.
Pepper.
Oh, I thought you said something else.
But anyway, not the $893 pines in Denver,
or Pines.
$98.93 pines in Pepper Pines.
It's called the roasted pepper.
And what do they got?
They brought free food for George and Joe here today?
Gourmet stuff like broccoli, chicken,
and penny pasta with stuff and mushrooms.
Gourmet pizza.
Sounds like a whole bunch of stuff I can't eat except for the shrooms.
But they said they'd hook you up.
Great. They got some African stuff there too.
Great. Excellent.
Had a nice Atkins dinner at the Rimmers last night.
Thanks a lot, Farrell.
Without standing, great steak and broccoli with Atkins cheese sauce.
And then she gave these two big pieces of candy to John
that she brought back from the West Coast.
And of course, I had one of them on the way home.
Screwed up my whole Atkins day.
Thanks, Farrell.
Well, she knew I'd eat one of them.
Hey, listen to the fan.
And then I could, oh, I never even told a story about how my adjusting.
You're a close personal friend, Rimmer.
If anybody wants to question his work on a Panther Games,
you know, if he could see, then maybe he'd do a little bit better job.
You know, he's a blind man.
I haven't been in their house any year or two.
And last time I was there, I had to adjust his big satellite dish.
He's got the big dish, the small dish.
Monkey-seed monkey-do, you know.
And I go in there and I'm looking like it at a dark screen.
The picture is so dark.
You can bring it in.
And like, I'm flipping around on a big satellite dish.
And Rosie O'Donnell is like red,
which is fine with me because I can't stand it, bitch.
She's red, red and purple.
The colors are all distorted.
The picture's real dark.
Two thirds of the satellites,
he doesn't even have a tuned in right.
Two hours I sat there and worked favorously.
See, you know, I got a free meal, but I had to work for it.
It was a good meal, but boy, I had to work my ass off for that meal.
Adjusting and twisting and resetting and installing
and getting him on the phone with a satellite people
to get the right package unbelievable.
I have great heightened respect for the fact that here's a man
who's legally blind doing those hockey games.
Nice going there, Ramirez.
I've got two sets of lists.
Listen to me.
This is Stand Bindstein for Soficking.
I understand where everything is helped at a high Soficking standard.
The selection isn't just huge, it's Soficking huge.
Believe me, you'll never shop anywhere else.
And Soficking's prices aren't as low.
They're so fucking low.
You'll never find them anywhere else.
Listen to me.
When I say Soficking as a beautiful store, I mean Soficking beautiful.
When I say to stand up as helpful, I mean Soficking helpful.
Listen to me.
Get to know the Soficking and enjoy a selection that's Soficking huge.
A stat that's Soficking courteous and prices that are so fucking low,
you'll never shop anywhere else.
But don't take it for me.
Take it from satisfied customer Frank and Stein.
Soficking good.
You said it, Frankie.
Soficking good.
That's what I hear.
1244-550 WQM.
Happy Wednesday to you.
July 28th.
You can just smell it.
Cant you it's in the air, man.
Even ThunderCladnumin is ready for it tomorrow.
You can feel it coming.
So to speak.
Can we say that?
No.
Okay, like I said, you can't feel it coming.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yes sir.
How are you?
Great.
Neil, listen, I called about 10 days ago and we talked about sales tax
and all of the taxes in the state of Florida.
Uh-huh.
And if the state would allow the employees to do their job,
you could actually lower taxes.
Yes.
Real quickly, one of the taxes that you and I never spoke about,
but we pay every day, every one of us, regardless of the county that we live in.
Yeah.
Other fuel tax.
What is it?
Motor fuel tax.
Motor fuel tax.
Every time we pump gas in the car.
Mm-hmm.
Federal and state money.
Gas tax.
Every gallon gas tax.
The claimant's terms is a nose into the state coffers.
You know, it's down in Florida keys over the weekend.
Mid-keys gasoline is five cents a gallon less,
which means that there's less tax, right, and collected.
Right.
And I've got to tell you something.
It is more expensive to live in Monroe County, cost of living.
You have to wonder what's going on here in Dave County.
Everyone needs to vote no tomorrow.
Everyone needs to vote no.
And this sham of the buses will run 24 hours a day.
Who rides them now?
Yeah.
Who rides them now?
Hardly anybody.
That's correct.
He's going to be riding a bus at 3 a.m.
Unless you're in full battle gear.
Right.
Remember the motor fuel tax every time you pump your gas in your car.
And remember to vote no tomorrow.
Okay, God bless you, pal.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you.
Here's a facet from Stephen for Myers, who says,
with regard to the election tomorrow,
when you have the access and opportunity to give your listeners updates
on the voting results.
No.
No, because, of course, they don't give you that until the polls close tomorrow night.
But come Friday morning, we'll be on here.
Having a gigantic party.
Ratings party.
A no.
On the election party.
And by the way, Steve says he's in four Myers.
The biggest, the second biggest crap hole next to the county.
And there is no interest in the Marlins over there.
I knew like that.
He says on Friday, I went into a sports bar where they have 4,362 TVs with no volume.
And they were broadcasting CNN and not the Marlins.
I asked the bartender why don't they turn a Marlins game on and his answer was
because people leave when we put them on.
People go running out when they put the Marlins on.
Screaming.
How do you like that?
Yeah, quits screwing around with an E. Rager show.
So that's what they say in four Myers.
We want the whole show.
We don't want some stupid ball game with a bunch of minor league kids on there.
We don't want no Marlins game tomorrow.
But like I said, I'm interesting.
I'm leaving it in the Hank's hand.
So we'll be on after the ball game tomorrow 430 or there about till six o'clock.
And then the mad dog.
So I'm leaving it in their capable hands of making sure as often as they possibly can
interrupt that important sports wrap of theirs with the reminders to just get out there
and do the job tomorrow.
Please.
56670560, pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
So, Neil.
Yes, sir.
First thing, big fat red blood at American No.
All right.
And secondly, about that guy calling from Miami Lakes.
Have you been through that toilet lately?
No. I don't know where in your Miami Lakes.
Well, put it this way.
They couldn't have put his name in a better place with all the nice little Cuban gang members
and my fuel.
So kids running around America and either beaten old people up.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'll tell you, it's really great.
It's the next best thing in Miami.
That's not Peter lettering the doorway.
There isn't all I'm going to kill myself.
Thanks for the good news, pal.
Good day.
I'm staying away from there.
What do you want, Peter?
One of those, oh, Peter's even brought his old laundry to work today.
That's good.
Because he doesn't know if it's a radio station or Chinese laundry.
Why don't you clean yourself up?
You know, like, look like a human being.
This one day would be so good.
He's so schmutzzy looking.
Plus, he doesn't even have a complexion like Ron Diaz that we were talking about yesterday
that kind of burnt baseball glove look.
Be the shade lighter.
Burnt leather look.
Yeah.
Okay. We got to, I don't know what's going on here.
I've had three days in a row.
So we're doing fine, considering it's the dog days.
But I'll tell you, it gets to be about 1230.
And these people have got better priorities than talking to me, which I find very difficult to believe in this town.
I can't imagine what you could do.
Unless you're smoking some good crap or getting laid or both.
I can't imagine anything you could be doing more important than talking to a big shot like me
when he's doubled as your ratings we got.
What, what do you, a babbling about?
What is he talking about?
What is he, what is he saying?
What, ignore him.
I do.
He's giving me hand signals.
How about this signal?
You know what this means?
Why not in your man's door?
He's going to be a big note and says all kinds of things that people would have to do.
What is, what is he, what he's actually about?
What do you, what?
It's his wife's birthday.
That's what she wants to know.
What's your wife's name?
Nancy.
Well, I got two messages for Nancy.
Okay.
Number one, my condolences.
And number two, happy birthday and clean your husband up.
Okay.
People are starting to talk.
Just before you kick his ass out, clean him up a little bit.
Get out of here already.
Take your laundry and get out of here.
You guys are walking around with a bunch of,
oh, I'm in the office.
He had two pair of pants on together.
That must have been for a fat boy.
He must be going on one of those dates this afternoon.
5670560, pound five is number they call it.
And number five, pound five is number six.
60 on the mobile one line.
Yeah, fat boy comes anywhere again this morning.
Ask me about several accounts.
What I do this, what I do that.
No.
Get out of here.
See again, hockey season, next hockey season.
Okay, fat boy.
By the way, speaking of that.
Rumor gives me the panties scheduled for next year with Pavel Brewery there on the front cover.
One of the three or four real players we got on the theme.
And there aren't too many.
Do you realize that the first exhibitionist game is at against Carolina O'Waygan in Greenville?
It's September 14th.
September 14th.
We're only a little over a month away from hockey.
So that will bring us back down again once we start talking about that.
That's what we need to put us back up on top of a hockey show.
Not.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Fantastic.
Listen, you know, if these politicians in Miami and Broward had one tenth of a commissant
here on this show, you wouldn't have to go to Amsterdam.
You'd already be there.
And as far as this tax is concerned, when you go through the toll plaza,
you flip your quarter and you're done with it.
Yeah.
Every time they put a tax up there and it accomplishes well.
That's the honest one, fifth of what it's supposed to do.
Right.
They never repeal it.
They're a baby.
Absolutely.
This is a vote on a tax for life.
There's no question about that.
It can only get higher.
It's never going to get lower.
You're damn right.
I like that gas, the local option gas tax, which they did cut back to since.
Once they get the sales tax higher, that never comes back down.
It's those sorts of things.
That's right.
They never do what they're supposed to do.
And if you live down here, vote no.
No.
Thank you so much, Bill.
Now, this can't be the real Gary Nelson from Channel 4, can it?
No, Rogers.
How are you?
My best close personal friend from Channel 4, which I'm still watching because I can't share that off.
Listen, I've always been a tremendous fan of yours as you well know.
Yes, I just did.
There may have been some confusion this morning relative to just what it does.
It does a penny amount to you.
Right.
But I mean, I watched that thing and I thought you were doing a commendable job because you pointed out that it is 15.
Whatever percent as far as the increase over the present sales tax.
And then it appeared to me that you were letting Governor Penis there like, you know, well, they're playing with numbers.
There's no playing with numbers.
You put them on the screen yourself there.
The fact that it's only a 0.9 percent increase in the price, that's what we're talking about the increase in the price and something.
Like we're talking about the increase in the sales tax, Gary.
I mean, you're absolutely right.
And a lot of folks have looked at this and said, oh, it's only a penny.
It's not really a penny and it's a 15.0 percent.
But why did you say that this morning on television with a tremendous cloud you've got?
I'm just a radio schmuck.
You've got a TV thing on there on Channel 4, but at least 20 or 30 people are watching.
And you've got to emphasize that.
Well, we have reported it in the past.
And sometimes that counts it as another penny on the dollar.
And sometimes we've said a 15.0 percent increase in the tax rate.
Right.
But you're right. There is a difference there.
I'm on my way up now as a matter of fact to Miami Shores to cover the mayor who's holding up another speech.
Oh.
Election Eve as you might think I've worn out of him.
Well, he's really pretty much in the estate.
He's got his political status, his political cloud all the way around on this issue.
And it could conceivably be a make or break kind of moment for Alex Finnellis and his aspirations.
Could be an act of self-flagulation on his part.
It'll be interesting to see how it comes out.
Well, what do you think?
No, I don't know.
I mean, there's based on the report.
In the past last night though, I took an unscientific poll.
Yeah.
I had an absentee ballot place yesterday.
Six people would tell me how they voted.
Three said they voted for the tax.
Three said they voted against the tax.
If my unscientific poll is in the indication.
Well, it's a real horse rate.
Yeah.
But that's bad news because then the late votes will come in from a sweet water at home state at two in the morning
and they'll put it over the top like they just 20 years ago.
Well, that might be another story, Neil. We'll see.
That's what it's a touch base with you.
You got to hop out of the car and go to work.
There are facts to be gathered and truth to be reported.
And I appreciate you as always watching our product.
And no votes to be voted. Thanks a lot, Gary.
Thank you, Neil.
OK.
So at least on our show, he gave it the way it was.
He gave it a straight back.
It's a 15.6% increase in a sales tax.
There's nothing complicated about that.
Mr. Little Torf mayor. There's nothing complex about it.
It's a 15.6% increase.
How does anybody play with numbers?
You don't have to be a mathematician, a rocket scientist to figure that out.
If it was still 6%, or whatever, like everywhere else, it would be 1.6%.
It would be 16.5%.
But it's out of 6.5%.
So it's a little less than that.
It's a 15.6% increase in what we're paying for a sales tax now or your paying.
Or anybody that's buying stuff in the county.
And to sit there and you know, this guy talked about Hutzpah,
this damn mayor, Pena, Pena, with Tom making comments about Norman Braim
and he's got a lot of money.
Does that make him a bad guy?
How about Mickey Harrison?
Like I said yesterday, he could buy and sell Norman Braim with his dad's 9 billion
over there tax free in Israel and all his tax free money
with those cruise ships so that carnival he's running.
See, I hate to break the news here.
We don't have to worry about a strong mayor in Miami.
You've already got a dictator in Miami and he wasn't even elected by the
but his name is Mickey Harrison.
He's calling all the shots.
He's calling all the shots.
Get the extra slip in there for him in the port of Miami.
You know, right down there we buy that new arena, which the hero loves.
There's a man worth billions of dollars and he's running the then county.
Nobody ever voted for him for anything much less dog catcher.
And as Hank pointed out, very astutely and accurately yesterday,
not only is he not contributing anything to the county's economy,
he's siphoning money out.
The hotels aren't getting the money from those people.
The local restaurants and businesses aren't getting the money from those people.
They're all whisked right from the airport, zoomed right over to the port of Miami,
and put on his stinky crappy cruise ships.
Which I hope they don't sink like that one was doing.
I saw up there in the Northwest.
Do you see that one yesterday?
A lot of problems on these cruise ships lately.
People getting raped on cruise ships, little or 15-year-old boy getting raped.
You see that story?
All kinds of bad things can happen out there under cruise ships.
Nothing good is going to happen for you, but all kinds of bad things can happen.
Not too easy to breathe underwater.
That's what we're here in the last few days anyway.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Count 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
God, what a farce.
We got Wayne Hype Pinger.
We're settled with up there in Broward, although at least,
well, of course, he's going to put that thing in in sunrise
where the people wandered or not.
You see, that's the way it is when you got the big bucks.
That's the way it is.
You just run everybody else all the little people around
because they need a lot more money.
The billionaires.
They need more of our cash.
The Wayne Hype Pingers in the Bill Gates and the John Henry's and Mickey Dam Erison,
who makes me want to barf.
And even Pat Riley knows that for effect because Pat Riley listened to the show
and he isn't in a position to admit it, but a guy as sharp as Pat Riley
if he could be honest with it, he'd tell Mickey Erison to stick it.
He knows.
He's been around a block a few times.
He knows the kind of crap that goes on in this town for fun
and somebody else's profit and not ours.
Isn't that great when in so-called major newspaper in our community
and the mayor of the entire county,
consort with a guy who is hurting business in a county,
who's siphoning money and taking people,
whisking them out of here as fast as he possibly can?
Hope those boats don't sink.
10.50, say, what is it?
Somewhere like out in the Midwest, I guess.
At a four minutes before one.
We get an emotional at 5.60 WQM.
You're highly weighted station for the 90s.
Don't get water to two hours.
Ladies and gentlemen,
if I could offer only one tip for the future,
act strange and people will leave you alone.
The rest of my advice has no basis more reliable
than my own knee-and-dream experience.
Put a slinky round your neck and try to walk downstairs
backwards headfirst.
Sit naked in a large bowl of rice crisps
and sing feelings while the colonels go snuff crackle and puff.
Go up to a ticket booth and try to stick your head
to the hole where they say how much.
Lick the stranger.
Tell him you're from Bosnia and you're a country of design of respect.
Take lots of pills.
One of them might work.
Occasionally ask the stranger if they've heard anything from Lewis.
Be annoying.
During an IRS audit,
staple the guy's hand to his desk.
Moon a funeral.
Play Go Fetch with a C&I dog while he's working.
Run naked through a mall yelling.
Killer bees, killer bees!
Say the word kitty without smiling.
Try to figure out who said Paulie Shore should star in movies.
Don't be surprised if it's the same guy who said John Gacy should work with kids.
Ask an old lady if you can carry her groceries and try to make a run for it.
This appears for great lengths of time.
Try to touch your forehead with your tongue.
It may not work, but many women will appreciate the effort.
At a high school reunion, tell your old English teacher that your dog is still leaving your home with.
Ask Mark McGuire if he'll take a million dollars for one of his books.
Try to find the secret to caretops success.
Understand your conception was an accident.
That your parents got wasted and wanted a few more laughs before they passed out.
Try not to lose your finger in your nose.
Take a bobcastis and toss them on the lawn next door.
Go on a car trip with bobcastis and force them to stay in his car seat.
Try to dribble bobcastis.
Ask all your friends and family for forgiveness.
Knowing you, you've done some crap that's really estimable.
Wish no ill willed anyone, unless you don't like them, then screw up around their own.
Realize anyone who says they're completely happy or completely full of crap.
Ask a hell of angel if he's a woman or has he always walked like that.
Understand that there are bad people in the world and you may just be one of them.
Sniff an old lady.
Imagine Gomer Pyle and the gay bar are trying to get lucky.
Do this without laughing.
Find what's left of your innocence. Understand it.
Embraice it. Detect it.
And it is so often taken out for a nice nash.
Carried off. Not to care.
Home while you eat.
That's strange.
And people will leave you alone.
Okay, here's a great thanks by the way.
Thank you so much.
Old Mark Fisher who wrote that horrible article about me in the Trumpet magazine several years ago.
The one with the tears running down my cheeks.
They put all that crap in my eyes.
And anyway, Mark Fisher who's terrorizing people in Washington now,
he's the special reports editor and he assigned somebody to write this story that's got everybody up in arms up there.
The headline is, parents are alarmed by an unsettling new fed in middle school oral sex.
Oi!
How do you like that?
A front page story about middle school students having oral sex was meant by the Washington Post
to be a wake up call for parents about the kind of sexual activities kids are getting involved in these days.
But the article did more than simply set off alarm bells among parents about young routines engaging in sexual experimentation.
It also literally paper receiving a number of email messages and telephone calls both criticizing and praising the story and saying, where do we get some?
How do you like that?
Oral sex in middle school.
Yeah, you're an A. What do you say?
Then we got a thing here about what is this?
Oh my god.
The county man, this is from the postmaster of date county.
The county manager's informants of the shortage of this were poll workers July 20, not special elections in the areas of the Gables and Kendall.
If you're interested in working at the polls on election day, our job basis employees and our date, my my virgin to voter,
you must attend one of the two hour training classes scheduled as follows because all the votes will be counted as, yeah!
How do you like that?
And this here's a thing from one of our listeners out there is put a thing out.
It says, the penny more for taxes is the penny more for corruption.
Send a strong message to our mayor by voting against the tax increase.
This message is endorsed and brought to you by the mommy did county employee committee against corruption in this management.
I like that.
A penny more for taxes is a penny more for corruption in this corruption laden town.
And that's as much as my statement about the corruption.
All the politicians are telling you that's our biggest problem here in the county and the city of Miami is corruption.
A bunch of crooks.
So you want to give them any more of your money?
No.
No, just say no.
Excellent.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
How are you Neil?
Great.
Great show.
I love you.
And I got to explain something to me.
When they took the polls off going westbound.
836.
You mean Eastbound.
I know Westbound.
I know Westbound.
Westbound.
Did that alleviate traffic?
No.
No.
When they added the extension from the Palm Meadow to the turnpike.
Did that alleviate traffic?
No.
Okay.
This is not anything.
It's not going to work.
It's not.
It's not.
Let me tell you one of the easiest roads to drive in this town and that's the turnpike.
I mean there are times when you have a wreck and it gets backed up.
I would say rubber necks.
Huh?
Rubber necks are a draw.
Yeah but 95% of the time when it isn't a wreck.
And of course there's a much bigger.
There's a 75 cent toll.
Most of places all over right over here on the county live road is 50 cents.
But minimum is 50 cents you're going to pay on the turnpike.
I don't see any problem with people getting backed up.
When you get used to paying a toll, even though you may not be too happy about it,
it has nothing to do with a flow of traffic.
Exactly.
Now explain something to me.
You know the extensions and the stations they're making?
The coronal extensions.
Yeah.
Okay.
There's going to be one off of the Palm Meadow East, off of the Palm Meadow on Northwest 7th Street.
While they're doing all that work there and taking people out of their businesses and homes
to build this beautiful, glorified station.
I mean people are going to be driving by, they're looking at this backing up traffic.
Right.
Okay.
And where do they get off?
You know, spend the whole day going to take 20 years.
Yeah.
Well, exactly.
It's going to ruin my Annie.
It's going to ruin the whole city.
No.
No.
Now we're just keeps rocketing through my little brain.
No.
Have a great day, pal.
Like it.
Do it.
No.
Yeah.
We'll see just how much impact we can have on this God for a second place.
If there's any hope left at all.
And when Gary Nelson said that the mayor is hinging his political career on this thing tomorrow,
there's a great way to say no to him and the kind of crap that he's showing you what he's all about.
Hopping in bed with his selfish billionaire who thinks that this whole county exists just for his fun and profit.
And a crappy cruise line of his that siphons the money.
It's like a gigantic sum pump attached to the county just sucking the money at the port right out of this town, sucking it into his pocket.
No tax revenue, no benefits, no nothing for anybody, including no sales tax because the people who are going to cruise ships don't pay the sales tax.
People in the hotels, yeah, they pay the sales tax.
People on the cruise ships, do they pay it?
No.
Boy, talk about a slick, slick piece of crap, man.
Gary is right there slipping you the Mickey.
Hi, this is G Gordon Litty and they don't come any worse than Neil Roger.
No.
Are you sure?
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Oh, they got the best burps that you ever seen.
Oh, right.
Ask anybody in that table.
Yeah, they tell you this big country where the country is.
Oh, raps the money, ask some he want to sell.
And from a mile away, you can detect these metal balls.
Smoke, smoke, gun to smoke, smoke.
He light up his breath and smoke.
Smoke, gun to smoke, smoke.
Smoke, gun to smoke, smoke.
The guns are be good.
You'll be carried out the burp, empty gun, and back.
Smoke it every day until you're long story like.
With all the money that we have made.
Jamaica doesn't need any foreign aid.
America can pull this home here and say,
got nothing like this in the US.
They smoke, smoke, gun to smoke, smoke.
They light up his breath and smoke.
Okay.
They begin to puff and choke.
Smoke, gun to smoke, smoke.
The guns are be good.
I'm the devil son, you are a lost man.
You like to smoke the giant stiff whenever you turn.
Many people running here for miles around.
So, I think I'll bring you by the outside.
Ask the man, say to her,
mom, are you right?
They can be good tonight and then they smoke.
Smoke, gun to smoke, smoke.
They light up his breath and smoke.
Smoke, gun to smoke, smoke.
Smoke, gun to smoke, smoke.
They can't choke.
They can't choke.
All right.
116 at 560 WQM, your ratings killer baby.
90s on a mediocre AM station.
Way down here on the bottom of the dial.
And we're still kicking some very serious ass.
Just like we're going to do tomorrow at the polls in Dade County.
Even though it's a little bit grower,
we're going to vote at least two or three times.
560, 705, 60, pound, 560.
I'll tell you one thing right now.
You want to raise the revenue?
Don't go raising the sales tax.
Just legalize weed in Dade County and tax it.
You know how the federal government makes all that money
from tax and cigarettes?
Uh-huh.
That's right.
Even though they keep telling you,
oh, it's so evil and we're suing the tobacco companies.
But guess what?
They're not going to make it illegal because number one,
they couldn't do it in number two.
They don't want to lose all that tax revenue.
Same with booze.
That's why prohibitions that were going to come back.
But if they were just legalized the wicked weed
and go out there and sell it
and put nice to hefty sales taxes like do on cigarettes,
we can make millions of dollars on that.
Just from the amount that's smoked in this building.
Oh!
Every day.
Like they're doing right now, by the way.
I want the mayor to know everybody that's building
sitting around with a big one in their hand right now
and a joint too.
A big joint.
Anybody in here got a big joint?
No.
560, 705, 60, pound, 560 on the 18-T wireless line.
Here's a mobile-informed Myers.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, your show is Sofak King great.
Uh-huh.
Good luck with that vote tomorrow, man.
I hope you guys put it down big time.
Okay, thank you.
I guess he shops at the Sofak King.
560, 705, 60, pound, well, everybody does what I'm hearing.
And pound 560 on the 18-T wireless line.
How come I can't find what I'm looking here?
Oh, here it is.
Look at that.
Now, the first book we had on here after the $80 billion
worth of pre-publicity we had from all the TV stations,
10 to 3, we had 11.2 share in men 2554.
It'll be a cold day in China before we have it.
Well, we might do it.
But then a 4, 9.0, that's 10 to 3, both times.
So now we're doing 9.7, 10 to 3, which means we're doing about it,
maybe in 11 share, 11 share in men 2554, between 10 and 2.
Very close to what we did that first time,
at least at 10.5 anyway.
If we could just get just a little bit more of that great promotion
from Sam and the nephew, I say that puts us into a
triple digits.
I'm guaranteeing to that.
There's a mobile invoker.
Hello.
And you know, how's it going?
Great.
I don't see where anybody in the right mind would vote for this tax
if they're living in a day.
First of all, I think it's going to decrease their revenue.
Not only are people not going to come up from the keys,
the buy stuff, people that live in a day are going to be driving up
the growl at the buy.
Absolutely correct.
That's right.
In both directions, they're going to send everybody away.
So, I mean, the whole thing is going to lose money anyway.
The only thing I'm going to do is tax the people who are going to live there
and actually pay it.
They're just going to pay more for nothing.
And like I said yesterday, I'm wondering, how come the Chamber of Commerce types
and the business organizations, how come they're not screaming bloody
and worried about this because it's going to hurt them?
Yeah, it's going to hurt a lot of people.
And I don't think the people that are voting for it really realize that.
I just not think I guess.
Okay, Paul.
Let's pray for the best.
You have a good day now.
And you too.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
We're going to be making a round.
We've got Tom Green coming in with some busloads tonight, bringing all those Canadian kids
that we're going to read all the cemeteries, get all the dead people ready for that big vote tomorrow.
That's fun, Tom Green.
Tomorrow night, by the way, 1030 on MTV.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
Here's Carl Springs.
Hello.
Hi Neil.
What the hell was that?
Oh, that's the beach boys, remember them?
Yeah.
It sounded like the beach boys through a strainer is what it sounded like to me.
Some old radio jingles that you have of the beach boys.
Hey, today's my birthday, Neil.
Yeah.
After that, after playing that crap you want to hear that?
Thank you.
Congratulations on your big numbers.
Thank you so much.
I'm all deserved by the way, too.
How's our friend Rick and our friend SUDSDON?
They did good.
They went from like a 0.7 or something in the morning to a 3.5 and it's a book.
Oh, alright.
A book, yeah.
Alright, and remember, tonight I'll just say, no!
Okay, bring in the beach boys.
Get Brian out of bed.
Let him vote, too.
Even the dead ones bring them in.
Bring in Dennis and the Carl.
Poor Carl.
Fat Carl Wilson, huh?
Dead.
Fat.
5667-0560, 0.560.
We got about 800 open lines here.
We got 40 minutes to kill.
40 minutes until a big moment.
I'm going to go out and vote myself.
Absentee.
I just moved to Dave County.
Nobody knows that.
I didn't just tell him that.
Here's a call from Orlando.
Hey, Neil.
I'm going to be one of the condos sending callers.
But I live in Dave's till I vote yes.
And just because if you were, I know you tout Amsterdam in Europe.
And what a wonderful metro system any European city has over anything we have here.
Yeah.
So, well, let me ask you something.
In Amsterdam, for example, you take all the tram or you take a bus.
And you go to the heart of the city.
There's a place, things going on.
In fact, I don't take any of that transportation.
Because Amsterdam is the kind of city you can walk around in and go wherever you want to go.
Is South Florida that kind of an area?
No.
Where do you walk to?
Where do you get off and where do you walk to?
I agree.
I agree.
What's the comparison?
What do you mean you would vote yes?
Well, maybe with a train service, they might develop some kind of walking.
I mean, South Florida.
So, in other words, you build the trains first and then you're going to rebuild the whole county so that people start going, sir, you're living in La La land.
Well, the other build trains, you know, from the east coast to the west coast back when the prairie was empty.
And then they're going to be able to.
Yeah.
Okay. Thank you.
Okay. There's Mr. Pionnier up in Orlando.
Last thing we need is some Jackass in Orlando.
He was just about to launch into his gym Phillips tie right to next up.
Somebody up in Orlando tell us what we need here in South Florida.
That's just what we need.
Next we'll be getting that Jackass from St. Louis.
Of course, he's probably squeezing himself.
Oh, yeah.
He's probably squeezing himself since you heard about that FCC deal.
He's probably, uh, we got a bloody stump is all he's got left.
Too bad pal.
We're doing bigger and stronger than ever.
I just ran and right ahead in spite of retards.
And it'll retentive retards like you.
5 6 7 0 5 60, Pong 5 60 on the AT&T.
Well, and you know something.
Thank God you're up in Orlando, which means you won't be voting here tomorrow.
Oh, you have a party about that.
Oh, yeah, the trains were built from the east coast of the west coast.
I mean, take a look at what we got here now.
Look, we have a lot of wide open spaces.
We're going to be having a lot of new erections in Dave County.
I hate to break the news to you, pal.
But to the west coast of us is this thing called the Everglades.
Just add some of those tree hunkers.
Okay, they'll tell you the manatees and the crocodiles and the rest of that crock,
which is what this is all about.
Yeah, we're going to start rebuilding now.
Let's get all the pioneers in here.
Here's Homestead.
Hello.
Homestead.
Oh, yes.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I got come.
I lived deep homestead in an area of the exception of the Redlands,
South Deep South of Colorado Ridge.
Yeah, I can't see anybody in the right mind down here voting for that thing,
especially with all the HUD, all the low income housing we have down here.
Right.
It's going to be a killer towards an economy.
And tomorrow, I hope people really get out and really go out there and vote no on this thing.
Please.
Another comment that is on that other earlier caller on Mayor Penelope's,
that road he's got named, that was named way before he would even mayor of this county.
And in closing.
Who is the name?
I don't understand.
Who is the name for?
It's named after him.
And it was named after him before he was elected mayor.
Absolutely.
Based on what being a one commissioner?
I guess that's what the hell is that all about?
That's true.
You can check that out.
Oh, my God.
And in closing years, my closing comment is say no one, who the ovative?
Okay, thank you.
God bless you, sir.
Now, where the hell is Johnny Jones Jetway?
Yeah, we have Johnny Jones Highway with the Golden Applying Pictures.
That was before your time.
Remember Johnny Jones, former superintendent of big county schools,
had the Golden Applying Pictures in his joint, in his vacation joint,
paid for by taxpayer money, by the way.
He went to the Who's Go, now he did.
Oh, yeah.
We've got a long history of corruption here that would make even Huey Long
and Huey Lewis in the news cry.
I'll turn to that right now.
All those, the Dick daily and all those other dicks up there in Chicago
with all the corruption they're famous for, the mob.
They're like Piker's compared to what goes on here.
We got a big time crooks here.
Make no mistake about that.
And most of them hold public office.
Those Bert Hernandez doing, by the way.
We're letting him out tomorrow.
Yeah, we're going to use him.
He's going to bring in 23,000 no votes tomorrow before noon.
Bert, making a deal with him.
And Joe Gerstin's coming back to town to vote no two.
Here's Kendall, hello.
And you stole my thunder.
No Gerstin's got a news for where the no votes are.
Yes, sir.
I'll just about to ask you which way is Bert going to vote on this one.
Oh, yeah, absolutely.
No, we're making a deal with him.
We're going to let him out early.
We're going to use after his wife in that attorney.
Right, I'm about one thing.
The Miami Herald, what a ragged at is, has no backbone to sell it out.
Not only backbone, just a self-serving piece of crap.
All the stuff they put in there is for their own interest.
And then they pretend that there are a bunch of itty two shoes looking out for the rest of us.
And you're about that example you give about the casinos.
You know, we don't want it here, but then they do that expose.
Now let me ask you something.
If we had all that millions and billions of dollars tax revenue from casinos here,
would we have to tax the public anymore to build highway and to build metro rail island?
No.
This could be paradise here.
We'd have all these other people coming in, leaving their money for us.
But oh, we don't want to do that.
Yeah.
And I didn't even ever clarify one thing.
I don't remember not too much on the information, but you said the panelist was against something before he got elected.
Yeah, that was the arena, the American Airlines arena.
And he was immediately opposed to it.
He promised that he was going to oppose that.
It was on a ballot.
He said he was going to vote no, and he heard the people to vote no.
And then all of a sudden the day after he gets elected,
oh, he just made this great deal with Mickey Ererson.
And I didn't explain himself on that.
What do you mean who holds an accountable?
You have to have to explain nothing.
And then they put it on a ballot.
If you're for it, you vote no.
And if you're against it, you vote yes to confuse the voters.
And they rigged that thing through and shoved that through.
Well, I'm voting no.
God bless you.
I'm so happy, guys.
All right.
Here's the guy who said no, OK.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
He, he wouldn't deal with Mickey Ererson.
Get selected on the lie.
And then he stands there in front of us and said,
oh, this is going to be another one of those deals.
Jesus Christ.
That was only like a couple of years ago.
Like we're supposed to forget.
Even the Ron Reagan remembers that.
Senior.
Remember him?
No.
126 at 560 WQIM.
The Hoover optimal mine.
In theaters now, it's the totally new Star Wars.
Yoda loses his virginity.
Oh, hard to get to.
You are one hot mama.
Oh, what's happening to me?
Oh, my.
Oh, oh, what's this?
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Oh, no.
Yoda gets jiggy with R2D2.
Oh, R2D2.
Give it to me, baby.
Showing no in a theater near you.
Oh, my God.
It's Bill Drecking.
I haven't shown this away yet.
In the sun, the sun, the sun, the morning, these two pages on Generation Yo.
In a generation Yo.
With a little, uh, Trill on it.
Let me just tear that up right now, KV4.
I make a mistake of reading that again because.
What happened?
Get it.
That's what Bill Dreckson.
Oh, he's on there doing live commercial cuttings every night of the week.
That's what it says.
Isn't that great?
What do you do for a living?
Oh, I have this rag silly magazine I put out.
Nobody with a brain read except a bunch of people are living in some kind of a cultural war.
And I do live cutting commercials on it.
He's almost the famous is Joey Carr.
Anyway, let's get about 200 calls in between now and two because now you can feel the tension mounting.
You can feel the excitement.
You can cut it with a toe.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Uh, I'm going to explain something to you, which I know you know, but something to some of the people that listen that probably don't know.
Luckily enough, you know, I myself have traveled a lot to countries and cities in the US that have really good rail systems.
Right.
Like New York.
That is New York is.
The rail system is great.
Right.
And Paris also Paris sucks, but the rail system is also the Metro is great.
You want it?
Now what I try and explain to people is that not that we don't have enough people.
But our population density is to spread out.
In New York and one city block, you have a building that's 40 stories and in Europe also.
And the first floor is all commercial, but from floor two to 40, it's all residential.
Uh-huh.
So they can support.
There's enough money of people living in that one building to support.
Not only the businesses that live that house the first and second floor.
Right.
But a rail stop near that area.
I'll give you that.
I'll never happen here.
I'll give you right here on the North America.
A city that's got a great subway system is Toronto.
They have fantastic transportation.
The difference being that they have real commercial areas like the downtown area and like Blu-R-Street and Young.
And like all different parts of town where there is commercial activity going on where you can walk and do business and do your thing.
That doesn't exist here.
There's no such thing here.
It just, it here, it just won't work.
And including on Friday just a, never.
How about tomorrow?
Okay.
Thank you.
Friday say no and tomorrow.
No.
Would be a good idea to in fact tomorrow first.
I mean it's gone from Orlando that wants us to rebuild the whole area so that the, you know, let's build the thing first.
And then we'll make a city around it.
And we'll change everybody's way of life here.
We'll all turn in our cars.
How's that going to happen?
No.
Silly person.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, sir.
How are you today?
Fantastic.
You know, I know this seems kind of crazy with this issue with the trains, but if they were to come from the beginning and try it out,
and made it like, you know, because you guys try one, it goes up by 95.
There's a, it's been Metro rail and went up university drive with that.
If my, I'm going to have to work.
You know, sir, university drivers in Broward County.
There's not going to be any of this in Broward County.
Now why do you know that?
I know that, but you gotta remember how many people transit from Broward to date.
Yeah.
Well, but let me ask you this.
Okay, you take the Metro rail.
Let's say you live in Kindle and you take them this train from Kindle to up university drive to let's say Broward Boulevard.
Then what?
Then what do you do?
Sir.
What is this?
It's crazy.
I mean, you're taking the truck.
Okay, your phone's crappin' out.
Okay, I thought maybe he was just speechless, but his phone's crappin' out.
There's nowhere to go.
There's nowhere to run, nowhere to hide.
You've run into Martha and the Vandela's.
They're going to be sittin' there or run on the train.
No way to go.
That guy before talking about Amsterdam, the classic example.
A place you can walk.
You can walk and walk.
You don't ever even have to hop on your little bicycle like somebody even had there.
And he, and the Glech's to mention that too, by the way, that it's such a compact city that he thousands and thousands of people there.
In fact, they're more bicycles than that city than they other city in the world.
They ride their bicycles and they also have the tram and the trolley and the buses, et cetera, and so on.
But it's not a city where you need it because there are areas where you go to and you spend your whole life there basically.
We are almost of the day every day.
If you live out, you know, away from the city, then you hop on the train at the end of the day or the tram or whatever and you go there.
There's no such thing here.
Take a look at it.
Get with it.
Stop bringing in these ridiculous comparisons with places that aren't like this.
In fact, thank goodness there is no place that's quite like this.
Here's Miami. Hello?
Miami?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing, man?
I was just thinking I'm going to get all my dead ancestors to vote no on pingas penny tags.
All right.
And you know we can sell that penny?
Yeah, deep inside is, that's what Penny from Fort Lauderdale said.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
So Mayor pingas putting his whole political reputation online tomorrow.
So think of that too when you go out there to vote no two or three times.
To reject and repute a man who would lie to you and hop into bed with a multi-billionaire who's just fleeting this cat town for everything you can squeeze out of it.
And I do mean out of it, not into it out of it, out of it, out of it.
You are out of it if you vote yes.
I'll tell you that.
You're way out of it.
You're in La La land if you get sucked into this you have nobody to blame but you let me say it again.
I can be a hell of a lot more objective because it ain't going to cost me a dime.
I live in Graward County, okay?
I don't live in Dave County.
Maybe it'll cost me a few more cents out at all, but you know something on a one 12 if I go to the airport, big stinking deal.
I can handle the 50 cents a week.
In fact, let's see, I don't go to the airport every week.
I can handle the 50 cents two or three times a month.
And you know something even the most desperate and impoverished people in this town can't afford it too because if they can't afford the extra quarter a few times a month,
then they shouldn't be driving in the first place.
They can't afford an automobile.
They can't afford the gas if that's going to make that much of a difference in their lives.
But the sales tax that's going to make a big difference in their lives, how do they afford that?
A trackwood can't keep its packer in his pants.
The most powerful car in the world is the most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world is the most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world is the most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world is the most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world is the most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world is the most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world is the most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world is the most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
The most powerful car in the world.
