Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
We've talked to Neil called 5600560 toll free predated rarer.
Or pound 560 on your cell phone.
Or at the opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show
to not necessarily reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions
or the Beeson's Rogers.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
It's Friday, you first.
There is Delta.
I think I love my head.
Or I think I love my head.
I don't see any history.
I think I see my head.
It's not the same to me.
I reckon I'm sad.
Oh God, I love my head.
I can slow up my head.
I wish I'd throw less things on factor in the air.
Because if you try to shake my head,
it's my man, it's my man, it's my man.
No one will be just remember
when something goes so bad.
You might be just remember
and maybe you do have.
I think I love my head.
I think I love my head.
It's never my money.
That was the 560 WQAM.
Happy Friday everybody.
Here's Tommy just handed me the ESPN magazine.
This is unbelievable.
Thank you, Geldie.
This is Geldie's copy, by the way.
It says for bitter or worse on the cover.
It's got a picture of Mike Dica in a Tuxedo.
He's getting married in this picture
to Ricky Waters who's dressed up in a lovely bridal outfit.
A nice wedding gown.
That's...
God.
Hey listen, that's what goes.
Everybody wants to be Dennis Rodman, huh?
Why I don't know.
Yes, I'm aware of the fact that we have a little concerto.
I'm going to waste my time responding to this.
Yes, of course.
I mean, it's the middle of the summertime.
It's Death Valley Days, baby.
You bet you're sweet as I'm going to respond.
Seems that because of their desperately declining ratings,
the Morning Show on Zeta, they're desperate.
First, they try to suck in with that attack on the psychics.
They attack our good French girl Griffin,
who's making more money in a week than both of those bows
that was put together in a year.
And then this morning, because we had the audacity to tell it
like it is on issue about them yesterday, they were attacking me,
which I get several spy reports in a building about.
Now this is the same Ron Brewer that had the audacity,
the Hutzpah to attack our close personal French girl, Griffin,
for her lack of integrity,
for selling out and doing that psychic stuff.
And he's questioning her credibility,
and he comes on this morning again, according to reports.
We'll get spy reports.
I'm sure from the audience,
but I'll just quote the things I've been told here this morning,
because I don't listen to that show.
That wasn't either one of those shows.
But Ron Brewer, who's so much better than all the rest of us
put together, so much holier than now,
comes on and lies to his teeth about everything this morning.
We've got a consultant on this show.
Do we have a consultant on this show?
No.
Does anybody tell us how to do the phone?
No.
What to say?
No.
Even after the FCC finds?
No.
Or a lids fine pending?
No.
Do we screen the calls heavily here?
No.
Where are you calling from?
Hold on, turn the radio down.
That's it.
Are they putting those calls live on the year over there?
No.
So that whole part is a lie.
But you see one thing,
and the most ironic part of it is,
these goody two shoes are so much holier than the rest of us.
On what's supposed to be like, you know, an alternative radio station,
you know, whatever it is, classic crock,
whatever they're calling it this week,
the survivor to she.
After they put your data up.
Nice go on queer channel.
See, that's why they're so desperate over there.
Everybody in the market,
especially the people within the business,
they turn on Nishio and they've been doing it for 20 years,
when the ratings come out, not every book,
but every month now that we get rated every month with these trends,
every month they tune in and say,
oh, how did we do?
How did they do?
How did everybody else do?
Because they know that they get the honest figures here.
Whether they're good for us or bad, they get the honest figures.
Anybody who would go on a year and lie about ratings is a desparado,
and a scum bag.
And has no scruples whatsoever,
and should certainly not be pointing the figure-inch-go-gryphon
or anybody else about selling out and having no integrity.
Right, Ron Brewer?
Huh?
Asshole.
Did Dr. Laura come anywhere close to the show in this book?
No.
I have all the ratings right in front of me here.
As a matter of fact, let's start out with a morning show on Zeta,
where we used to do back the year that I was on here
and save them from playing a polka music right now,
which is what they would be doing.
If we wouldn't have saved the dying station back then in that format,
we always had double digits in the 2554.
Have they ever had on that morning show double digits?
No.
And they'll say, well, you know, we're up against towering.
Let me tell you something.
We didn't have Howard back then,
but we had about a half a dozen shows in the morning
that were well-established.
There were ads-kickers.
Tanner was on my 100.
Sonny Fox was on she.
There was Vue Delar, all kinds of these people
who were doing an Grineriana AM.
Well, hermanic B-m-r-g-t-r.
And we kicked all their asses.
With double-digit shares.
So you can go on and make up stories.
We got a consultant here.
Now, this isn't the company that hired Walter Sabo.
I hate to break the news to you, Paul and Ron.
We don't have no Walter Sabos running around here.
Playing all those old crappy jingles.
Jingles.
Super-todd radio.
Yeah.
Desperate.
And I'd be desperate to if I saw those ratings keep dropping
and dropping and dropping like a rock.
Month to month, book to book.
You know, anybody have an upper-down book,
but they're dropping like a rock.
And to show you the living proof of that, Ron and Paul,
in this last book, Men 2554,
which is our target demo here on QAM,
and is also their target demo on Zeta.
Guess who beat him out in the morning?
Not just Howard.
Was Zeta number two?
No.
No, W and even Defos said we were in there
taking a leak this morning.
And he said, well, you know, we were talking about this incident.
And Defos says, even the worst team beat them in Men 2554.
That's the ultimate slap in the push on an AM station,
on a narrow casting station,
that narrow cast strictly to sports nerds 20 hours a day.
They had a 5.9 share in Men 2554,
and cast Dr. Nova and Ron Brewer,
the holier than all the rest of us Ron Brewer,
had a 5.8.
Oh my God.
Just edge demo.
I'd be ashamed.
I'd be embarrassed.
Now, we only had a 10.8 share in that same demographic
on issue between 10 and 2.
But I must be making that up.
And what an INZ have during that day part,
they had a 4.4, most of which was worse limbal,
by the way, because we checked on it,
Noon to 3.
Dr. Loi had like two shares.
We got a 10.8, they had two shares.
So did Dr. Loi was even in the running here?
No.
But just keep making stuff up because you're desperate.
Dropping like a rock.
Dropping from the fall book from a 7.1 in Men 25.8.
Dropping precipitously.
And I think that when more and more listeners out there realize,
and like a couple of people pointed out very much on target yesterday,
when you're listening to a station like that to Zeta,
that kind of music.
No, not everybody is a pot smoker,
not everybody is sitting there getting drunk.
But the fact is that most of the people who listen to that kind of music
are not interested in having a sermon.
That should have gone out with packs in that business.
That's sermon business, being preach to and holier than now and goody to use.
That's not what that crowd is interested in hearing.
Maybe that's why those numbers are going in the toilet.
Right Ron, you think that could be it?
Uh huh.
The fact that you're so much better than everybody else.
Just like the thing about the school teachers
and the thing about kissing their panelists is asked.
And by the way, it's interesting to note,
since I'm old and finished and washed up
and making more money year than the two of them put together, guaranteed.
Old and washed up.
Did they have any impact on that last penny tax selection in this town?
No.
No.
I thought it was this show was the one that helped to, uh, you know,
bury that thing.
Last one, everybody told me.
So you guys can continue living in La La land there.
You want to be, you want to be kissing my ass,
although neither one of you are my type.
Okay, and I'm, let's get into it.
I'm not interested.
I don't listen to your show.
I have the, and I don't wish any yield to them.
Okay.
Castor Nova is a rip off artist.
And basically, he, he, obviously now has been relegated to the role of like,
he's the sidekick.
I thought it was supposed to be his show.
And if you heard that thing we played yesterday with the show Gryffit
and the call she made to them on the year, which they didn't know whether it was
Greenery to Banana, Brewer was the one doing all the talking.
Even when she was making comments about Castor Nova doing voiceover,
Brewer was the one always responding.
So evidently, it's the Ron Brewer,
holy of the now show in the morning, with Paul Castor Nova sitting in the corner,
going, woo, like that.
Amazing.
So maybe we'll get some spy reports on that from some people who actually heard it,
because we only had what, 40 or 50 spy reports.
We had a couple that they hung up, you know, they got to hear the wean.
Well, they'll have to wait.
Good things wait to those who scored, scored, scored.
Good things come.
How does that go?
Good things wait for those who come.
Something like that.
Nine minutes after 10 at 560 WQM,
a little contra-tops in the middle of an otherwise boring summer.
I know that they have to try to, you know, they try to siphon.
And they got the nerve to say that Bo Gryffin is calling their siphon off their ratings.
When she's, they got a cum that's like 50% more, more than 50% more.
Persons 18 to 34,
132, and that's a powers demo, by the way,
so you can't compare them with the 25.
That's the only place where they are competing for the same audience.
Powers number three, 132,200,
cum, they got 86,700 over their own data.
You're not in the ballpark with M.OK for that audience.
You're not in the same league.
50% more cum, but she's looking to state your audience.
Nice going, Airpoll.
And Ron, good rationalization.
Why does that work keep coming into my mind?
Loser, loser, you know, it just keeps going through my mind.
Ten past ten, it's fine.
Not that I want to get worked up about this, but why not?
OK, spread them and say cheese.
Neil wakes me up in the morning.
Neil wakes me up with a smile.
Drinking my coffee, launching on my tongue,
turns a cup of ding,
desk,ras,
and a simple existing 넌 here in India.
So you wanted to quit your cheek and discuss all the other things.
You've never had a story of this.
You're just a little less, than an outsider in Your way or somebody else.
Hey, Paul!
You want hit?
You want hit?
You want me to win?
I just thought I made it.
I'm just going to say that at 5.50 you're going to be keyer-in.
Those are the days.
That's when we had a great morning sure-won adaptation as opposed to the swirl I got now.
As opposed to having some guy who thinks that he's a real broadcast,
they're sitting there intoning during the entire program and talking down to the audience.
That's just what that morning audience, he we had a fun sure-won Zeta.
We didn't have somebody sitting there moralizing for the audience.
In fact, quite to the contrary.
We used to sit around and smoke dope.
That's why we had so much food in the morning.
Everybody on that show was smoking dope, including John Ford.
Ah!
Speaking of John Ford, by the way, talk about how desperate queer channel is.
These are the same people that have their folks on Zeta out of an act of desperation
since their numbers in the toilet attacking Spool Griffon, attacking me.
Everybody in the market trying to stir up this radio thing, which I don't care.
It's fine with me. I enjoy it.
I do it better than anybody.
That's how desperate they are.
But of course, I'm washed up and old.
See, credibility is not a part of it.
Sputtleut, Ron Brewer was talking yesterday.
Credibility, meaningless.
No ethics, no credibility.
Just to make up a bunch of stuff and put it on the ear.
Because if ethics were a part of it, they certainly be-
Because obviously the people at queer channel know how long I'm under contract here at QAM, don't they?
Yes.
So they certainly wouldn't have had one of their flunkies like cigar Dave calling me at home.
Well, call me here and then having me call him for more than a couple of weeks ago.
And what does he call me about?
Well, the rumors are you unhappy at QAM and we're bringing in this new guy.
I said, I have an attorney.
You know his name here's his number.
I can't talk to you.
And that was the end of the call.
They know I'm under contract.
Sounds almost like that tampering life, that whaff and stuff with Joe Rose to me.
Now I didn't mention that.
I let it go.
Just like Hyman Roth said in Godfather 2.
I look the other way.
But I just mentioned it today because I think it ties right in with a desperate group.
They took she a once great FM station.
They destroyed it.
They put that planet crap on there.
That didn't last too long.
Did it?
And now it's some kind of a melange of mong.
I think is that what it is?
The mong format?
And these are the same people speaking of consultants.
I'll never forget it as long as I live.
The Paxton's last queer channel people because you really can't separate the two.
Who destroyed IOD, who brought in Walter Sabo, who's put all these great talents on here like Karen Kay.
Oh yeah.
There you go.
How's that you're doing?
And Brooke Daniel.
And Greg.
And all these other people have disappeared.
Who've all vanished?
Are any of them still around?
No.
Huh.
And you can get any numbers?
No.
No.
So why don't you guys do, I mean, I'm not telling you what to do if you're this desperate fine.
You know, I'll play along.
But it would seem to me that they'd be a lot better off just sticking with their clear channel philosophy and that is
fumble along with mediocrity and squeeze out as much money from each market as they can and own as many stations as the law will allow them to do.
And do it two numbers, you know.
Not ratings numbers, but just having a tremendous number of stations that they own.
That's their philosophy.
Clear channel, J.Core.
That's appropriate that they bought them out because it's, you know, same mush, same crap.
And we have a lot of people who listen to this show, who listen to Howard in the morning, who listen to Caston over the morning, who listen to whatever station.
That's fine.
That's fine.
It's fine with me.
Makes no difference to me.
I mean, the fact that Howard just got dropped in Minneapolis, he couldn't care less.
Low ratings, WRC, QFM.
Nobody succeeds everywhere.
Is he going to lose any sleep over it?
No.
You're going to miss any meals over it?
No.
Is he going to continue beating the crap out of Ron and Paul in the morning on this market?
Yes!
There you go.
I wouldn't be surprised if the worst team never looks back now in the morning as far as beating the Caston over.
I think those days are numbered.
Active desperation.
They have a great, honest guy go on the air and have to lie through his teeth this morning for hours, evidently.
We'll get some spy reports.
Here's a mobile and Palm Beach.
Hello.
Okay, great. Thanks for the four letter words.
560-560-0.560 on the mobile one line.
That must have been Paul's boyfriend, Coleman.
Sounded like him.
Here's Voker.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, what's up?
Okay, sir.
Hey, two things, actually.
Paul and Ron talk.
And did you get to see Tom Green last night?
Yes, I did.
How hilarious with that with flamingos.
I thought the best part was when Humphlick was on a track piece.
So, that's all we're looking at.
And then Pukin.
I mean, you talk about Pukin and Etchialas.
Now, there was enough for everybody.
Enough to spread around for the whole country.
Me and my wife were watching the last night and we were just dying.
And then Humphlick went under on the water with the sharks.
The sharks.
He's going, don't move your arm.
He's going to get Humphlick killed one of these weeks.
I can't believe he's doing that one yet.
Neil, can I say hello to somebody?
Yes, sir.
Hey, what's up, Todd, over there.
Are you pleased?
Things over there.
Okay.
That's the other way.
Okay.
566-705-60, pound 560 on the mobile one line.
And as far as dumping any calls are concerned,
when somebody says crap or whatever, SH on here,
yeah, we have to dump it.
I know that may come as a shock to you, Paul.
But we do have to do that.
Other than that, we basically put just about everything on here.
Although our consultants tell us, you know those consultants,
that they're lying about.
See, I don't care if you think, the fact that Shvogriffin
is making more money, let me say it again in a month,
than those two guys put together in here.
And she's making a lot more money than I'll ever see either.
She's getting a, so whether you like her or don't like her,
I don't listen to their show.
It's not for me.
It's Teeny Bobber.
It's 18 to 34.
Julios.
Ethnics.
But that doesn't mean that they're unsuccessful.
They're kicking ass.
Here's a mobile and a fort water deal.
Hello.
Oh, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How about those guys on Zeta?
Yeah.
I do listen to them in the morning,
and then I go over and listen to you.
Yeah, I know.
Let's hear your version of the story this morning.
Well, I don't really want to throw any quotes at home.
But, you know, I just wanted to see how you're going to respond.
Because I mean, I'm totally on your side.
I think people would want to call.
It's not a question to side.
There's our good friend.
Are you a gold girl friend?
There she is.
But she just threw 50,000 cash in here.
It said, thanks a lot, Neil.
I know it's not a question to side, but I thought, yeah.
You know, you're a question of it.
It's a question of the truth.
That's all of integrity.
If you're going to come on here and say something
or talk about ratings or talk about who's got a consultant,
don't just make up a bunch of crap because you're desperate.
Just tell the audience the truth.
So, let's plot truth there.
Because, you know, when a person returns to murder returns to religion
and they're like, goody-two shoes all of a sudden.
Okay, that's great.
I'm going to put that on here.
Well, maybe it's true.
I don't know.
In fact, I don't know.
And it's, yeah, I'm not interested in their sex lives.
Okay, and their relations with their wives.
I don't know anything about that.
If you want to play that game, do it with somebody else.
Now, see, I could let that go.
But I'm not going to let that kind of crap go on here.
Very sad.
See, I hate to break the news to you,
but in the weather, it's their show or this show or the show,
or the show, or the show, or the show, or the show, or the show.
It's a radio show.
It's a radio show.
That's all.
That's what we're talking about.
We're not talking about, are they wonderful human beings?
They're personalized.
I don't know from that.
And I don't care about that.
It's not interesting in any way, shape, or form.
I mean, if you want to talk about the personal lives of entertainers,
I mean, radio, TV, movies, showbiz, whatever,
or most pedestrian people out there in the street,
and nobody knows, what's the big deal?
Most people could be judged to be scumbags,
depending on how you wanted to paint the picture.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Okay, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How big do you like to soften?
Oh, okay.
Thank you.
Thanks, Ron.
Here's a mobile and pepper pine.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I was listening this morning to Zeta.
Yeah.
And Paul was saying that he ran into you at the Sawgrass Mills last night?
No, he did not.
I wasn't anywhere near the Sawgrass Mills.
And I said that you were like, oh, yes.
Just a show, you know, everything like that.
He said this on the year.
Yeah.
I wasn't at the Sawgrass Mills.
I haven't seen Cashew and over since I saw about a hockey game
about three or four years ago.
I haven't seen him.
He asked me to sit this on the air?
Yeah, this morning.
Oh, my God.
An active desperation to another lie.
Thank God that they're ethical and honest over there.
And you go griffin' it such a, whatever she is.
All right.
Thank you, Ron.
Thanks for the good news.
Another lie.
There we go.
I show in the morning.
Nice going, Paul.
At the Sawgrass.
Unbelievable.
Fort Lauderdale.
Hello?
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes, by report from this morning.
Yes.
You don't have to whisper a, nobody's listening.
He talked about you as a whole show.
He did say that he saw you at the Sawgrass.
Well, why would he make up a story like that?
And he said that you were groveling.
Tell him not to ditch a show.
Don't take it seriously and all that.
Let me say it again.
My hand to the sky.
I haven't seen that man in years.
I don't believe you.
Anyways, he also said that you cut the haunts from what?
Yeah, that was in the past.
He was okay.
And that, that part of it was true.
And he said that you've exated a replaced Kimba.
The way you want to admit that.
Oh, yeah, right.
I've been saying I never baked Zeta for anything.
I'd never talked to anybody from Zeta.
There we go.
Another one.
Another lie.
Another lie.
Man, I'm going to start telling these up.
Well, what about Boyle Down to?
Cassinova is not funny.
He only tries to be low people on people.
Well, down to professional jealousy is what Boyle Down threw.
That's the problem.
Professional jealousy, desperation.
He thinks that you're washed up,
but a lot of other people don't think that.
Okay.
Have a great day, pal.
Yeah, that's why we're sitting here kicking ass.
I got all these numbers in front of me here.
Including the most important ones.
Which are the ones that I've checked so I get twice a month.
But I'm old and washed up.
And he's kicking ass, baby.
Even beaten by the worst team, even Default admits.
that's the height that's the biggest slap in the face
getting beaten by the worst team in their target demo
no wonder he's so desperate
pop up up up up up up up just keep making up
i mean i consider it's that you know i ran into paul yesterday afternoon at
the shell station over there on a quarter university in broward and he was just
sucking up heavy duty and apologizing about all those things he said about
both
i i you know anybody can go on here just make up a bunch of crap but again when
your credibility doesn't mean anything
then well
i think that's another story
then it's a case for shylock homes
right there you
where's the
alright
you're far south on the same
make the belt change
there's that supplement time
alright
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
hang out of your face
it goes crazy
when it's bad
when it's bigger it's better
yeah
it's
my
good
it's my best
it's my best
it's my best
it's my best
it's my best
it's my best
after we won a five-hundred-and-f swap
and for the plot keep sickling, sickling and active desperation
that we have this on very
100 percent on six thousand percent valid the authority
how long ago was this two weeks ago
let's spend one week
it was after the ratings came out, it was about a week and a half ago
right after the ratings came out
one of our sales holes here at WQM
who used to work with Kastrenova got a frantic call
Paul from Paul.
Begging, begging and pleading.
Now, what do you think they were going to put him?
What station were they going to put him on?
On power?
I think what he said here, he meant here.
And where were they put him in the morning?
I hate to break the news, then the morning show beat him up.
But nevertheless, Castronova wanted our sales guy to enter
seed and go to Gregory's begging to be brought over here.
Because I guess what he saw those bad numbers, he realized the jig
is up.
Was it scroll Griffin?
Was that the jig that was up?
Yeah, up over him, about 50,000 in kiln, and that's 18 to 34.
I mean, here's a guy.
I mean, this is an act of sheer desperation.
And I really ordinarily over the years
paid very little attention in, because I don't listen to them.
It's just not for me.
I haven't listened to the data since I worked there.
But to go on here and just start making up all of these stories,
all of these things.
And he ran into me at the sawgrass, and I said,
this and this one did that, and he ought to get it.
I would definitely get some serious assistance.
And maybe instead of that, maybe you
ought to take a look at that sidekick there,
that Pidante Grand Brewer.
Maybe that's the weak chink in the armor.
Maybe the audience, like I said before,
isn't necessarily interested in being elected to.
And maybe people who listen to the music on Zeta
aren't interested in having somebody
who's a political hack for local establishment and Mayor Penga.
Maybe that might be part of it.
Just start taking a look at that.
Is there any chances coming over here?
No.
I mean, we have all sports format the other 20 hours
today.
Now if we were going to break that up in any other way,
my suggestion would be, of course,
not that it's ever going to happen.
Somebody we used to work with at night.
Are you, yeah, Phil Henry, a cymbal cast
issue from KFI from 9 to midnight.
Let's stick at a capitol under midnight
till 5 in the morning when the compulsive gamblers are still
awake and you can't do much harm.
That's the way it is.
That's the way it is.
We've got a desperate man over there.
And again, you know, see, I don't know anybody
at Cleart channel.
It doesn't want out.
I mean, we got our problems over here.
Believe me, I'm always the first one to tell you that.
But at least we don't have any assassins
running around like Pete Bulger and John Ford, evil people.
And funny because I mentioned this just the other day.
It's an evil, sick, twisted outfit.
Just ask anybody who ever worked for David Ross,
even before they owned the passing stations.
They'll tell you.
And by the way, cigar Dave, don't call me anymore
at home or any place else because now I'm under contract
here, which you guys already know because next time
it will be taken up seriously.
It'll be tampering.
I might even have to go tell Greg.
I don't want him to find out.
He'd be upset.
5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on the mobile one line.
Nice article by Barry Jackass, it goes to show it even
at little puddle, water, spicking a Greg read.
Can finally write a column that makes him sense.
Oh, long overdue for the recognition too by the way,
the mad dog.
Getting a nice piece like this in this Haroldis morning.
Only in the banana republic, baby.
Only in Miami.
That's right.
Would it take him, Barry Jackass, about 100 years
to finally get around to writing a great article
about the mad dog?
And it is great.
Gotta picture there.
Looks like he's about to swallow the microphone there.
But nevertheless, what are we talking about on that show?
Kakka.
Poop.
Pissin.
What else?
What am I missing?
Yeah.
Ha ha ha ha.
And finally, Barry gets one quote right.
Because I know I've heard Greg say this before.
Of course, Greg always says a lot of stuff.
I have to find a way to get you money or more.
WQM General manager Greg read often says.
Now, you notice he says often says, as if it makes it very clear
that he wasn't saying it recently,
because I have a feeling that Greg and the Barry
ain't talking too much lately.
He's probably not returning those calls anymore recently.
And he's got a whole bunch of advantages, expressions,
just driving around with my windows down.
Never better.
Grout on the green lizard, the Michigan stuff.
And he's got a thing about Zimper cracking up.
Let me see.
One moment, please.
Let me find out.
OK.
Because I've played it before with Hank and I
were talking about this.
About Zimper.
Where the hell is this?
Always one with Weaver.
But where is the one about butt?
Up the butt?
Could it be birded out?
And two to go.
Could it be that I have a backfield hand off your box?
I'm counting back up the middle.
Now going the side.
He's to the 25 to 20.
To 15.
The pan and bump down about.
By Jason Dozer at the six yard line.
I choose your bar reversing field and a big person.
That was through ribbon effort by Marie Mapo,
as far as the bar.
Where he was designed to go right up the butt?
Right up the butt.
And he's facing outside.
I can't carry that.
Loose his containment on that one.
What do you get with a bob Billy Bob?
Not me.
No, not him.
Not here in Manitze.
Up the butt.
Yeah.
So anyway, it's a great piece.
Nice going, Barry Jack.
As you see, you know, I'll give credit where credit is
due.
It's a super piece and long overdue.
I'm one of the brilliant broadcasters in America,
Jim Mad Dog Manage, who is one in an ambience.
So anyway, the thing about casting over is certainly
revealing.
Say, I'll tell you one thing right now, Paulie Boy.
And that is this.
When it comes to credibility, I'll
stake this show against your crappy show any day of the week.
Because the people know when you hear something on the show,
it's the emis.
I've said that probably at least 3, 4 trillion times.
And I don't exaggerate.
Suck it around over here.
Can you give me a job?
Can you get me out of Claire's channel?
And he's going on here, making up stories about how he
ran into me at the sub-rest.
And I'm washed up and old and dying.
And the main team, the worst team, is ticking his ass.
Oh, God.
I'd start cracking under that pressure, too.
Here's Hialia.
Hello.
Hialia.
OK, nice talking to you.
Let's try a mobile and crawl spring.
Neil God speaking.
Listen, I mean, it is so bad when I'd rather
listen to it for its title, clichés,
and even stick to it.
How it's commercial is going to listen to Paul and Ron
show.
Yeah.
I listen to that music.
But listen to them.
It's just, it's awful.
It's the worst thing they've got no talent.
Everything they do is borrowed, entire.
It's just installing.
Yeah.
Exactly.
I mean, it's painful.
I mean, I'm driving the work in the morning,
trying to get ready for my day.
If I happen to actually hit 949, it hurts.
I mean, it's worse than a rookie now.
Nice job.
Anyways, I want to thank you for getting me through the day
and keep up the good work.
And have a great life.
You got it, buddy.
OK, see you.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60.
So I guess we pretty much got it covered.
I don't think there was probably any more other.
I couldn't have been there.
There could have been any more lies.
That would pull it under this morning.
Lying about their ratings, lying about running into me
at the goddamn sawgrass, lying about consulting on the show.
I mean, what else?
What did I miss?
Oh, the consultant.
Yeah, the consultant.
My favorite part.
Yeah, washed up and old with a 10.8-year-in-men.
What do they got a 5.8 on it?
And keep in mind, by the way, keep an old.
Also, I'm desperately want back on FM.
You know, something I've said many times right here
on the year I would love to be on FM with a signal
that you don't have to, you know, like that on the AM.
AM sucks.
Which is what makes it even more embarrassing,
doesn't it, Paul, that a washed up old bag like me?
Yeah, that's right.
A washed up old bag like me can be sitting here
with double digits in men, number one by a mile.
On a horse ball station with a crappy marginal signal
that a lot of people can't even hear inside buildings
in every time it rains, like that, and they're still listening.
And you on your Class C 100,000 watt FM station
Crystal clear as a bell right in the middle of the goddamn FM band
and you're sitting there getting beat by the worst team.
Ha, ha, ha, man.
I'm serious.
I would go home and practice my Russian roulette.
If I got beat by the worst team, even deep,
even deep, oh, not only admits it,
he's bragging about it.
He's excited about it.
He was the one that pointed out to me
at the urinal this morning.
He says, boy, you really know you've hit rock bottom
when you get beat in the morning by the worst team.
And I said, absolutely correct.
Yeah, F&A, baby.
You.
Yes.
Yeah.
Yeah, I'm through all the same, but we're in the second semifinals.
What's the half of time I come to Nico?
I got the pictures.
It's actually the side of my hand, I'm told,
I think if you were maybe a star, I'm told, they're same, oh, baby.
I can do anything I want to do.
And you're just so simple, man.
And I'm gonna be consulting you.
We'll give it that though.
I'm a rapture.
Formula.
That's the boy.
I've got the power to hold in control.
Whoa.
Go ahead, dude.
Uh-uh.
I have a way to get to your own show
at a station down in Hollywood.
And I don't care if you're already below.
That was long as you could stroke Nico.
I'm on the same, oh, baby.
And you'll do anything I want you to do.
I'm your consultant, woman.
Make your name to my desire, you.
I'm gonna be a boner.
OK.
Oh, yeah.
I'm gonna jump slide.
Yeah, I can't really do that.
That's why I'm like insulting, because I'm just an ass.
Oh, you.
Oh, yeah.
What are we gonna do about this consultant we got here?
Let's get rid of him.
OK.
Just shoot him in the leg a little bit, just real lightly.
So now we got from our good friend, Joey,
see over there in Fort Myers.
Estero.
We got the real numbers from over there,
because they got the real breakdown.
OK, from a 6 to 10 and 10 to 2 is supposed to 10 to 3.
And Hank who's on from 2 to 4 over there.
Morning, Joey's got a 4.3 shareman 2554, which is number
tied for number 4 to market.
Nice going, Joey.
And we're doing better than we thought.
We have a 2.7, which isn't exactly a gigantic number,
but nevertheless, not all that bad.
2.7 and the Humper from 2 to 4, well,
it's got 1.2.
But you know, on that condition, that's
still a lot of bad number.
So we're actually putting this damn station over there
to send Phantom non-existent station
in Fort Myers on the map, which makes me feel a lot better.
I mean, you know, 2.0, you feel unclean.
And then you take a look at these numbers,
and you see that Howard in the morning over there,
you want to hear what Howard's got in the morning,
in Fort Myers, a 26 point shareman 2554.
And you heard about it here on this show,
because I don't lie about the numbers.
You know, I don't even, Howard doesn't need my help.
OK, he's making millions and millions and millions.
But when I get numbers like this, I tell him honestly, OK,
I don't make up stories.
Oh, they're so bad and old and tired
to get beat by Dr. Alora.
And isn't it interesting, by the way,
that Dr. Alora happens to be at INZ, which
is a queer channel station.
So they have to lie about their numbers over there,
because that's how bad they are.
They have to have their hack on the FM show
in the morning, lying about how great Dr. Laura's doing.
You should only live so long.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
You missed the statement I was driving
to work at 7 o'clock in the morning, and I heard them all.
And they said that the reason hate crimes have gone up
50% in Howard County was because of that racist Neil Rogers
on all sports stations.
Yeah.
So I mean, it's amazing.
It is.
OK, thanks for your good news.
Thank you.
That's right.
I did it.
Just like I stole that freight train when I was a little kid,
and I apologize for that yesterday.
I'm going to apologize today for being responsible
for all the hate crimes going up all over America.
Not just here, even in places where they never heard of me.
56670560.
We got 6700 open lines here all of a sudden.
56670560 and pound 560 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile invoker.
Hello.
How are you doing today, Neil?
OK, sir.
You know, I didn't mind him lying so much about Dr.
Laura beating you on 10 to 2.
But what angered me is when he mentioned
when he was making fun of your sexual orientation.
I really know what he was doing.
More and more of this, as it goes along, yeah.
Well, why?
I mean, why he would do that?
What was he saying about that?
He just said he made a joke about it.
He didn't really say about you being homosexual,
but he made influences toward the fact
that he was very straight and that he was very weak.
Oh, my God.
I'm going to listen to him because I always
wanted to hear a guy who was very straight.
Well, you know, he always judges those like
wet, peat shirt contest down for a lot of day.
You know, he does.
Yeah, I know I know I might come as a great shock to him, OK?
But, but people listen to programs on a radio
because they like them because they're entertained by them.
They're amused by them.
They're pissed off by them.
Whatever it is, not because they care about who the host is
diddling or anything like that.
We don't care how macho Paul is or Ron Brewer
or how many broads they've screwed.
It doesn't make any difference to anybody.
It has nothing to do with the entertainment value of that show.
But the proof over the last 23 years
that have been out of the closet ought to show this guy something.
But again, he's a slow learner, you know.
Dr. Laura didn't come close to you when he was reading.
Dr. Laura had two shares, sir, between 10 and noon.
Two shares.
We had a 10.8 year in men 25 54.
I would have come up with that.
Because he just for the same reason he would come on here
and say he ran into me at the sawgrass last night.
Is there anybody in the right mind who believes that?
No.
I haven't been to the sawgrass in months
and I haven't seen him in years.
I don't know what.
I don't know why the tirade this morning.
I just don't understand it.
Because they're desperate, sir.
And I understand it because they're getting a lot of play out of it.
Which I don't mind.
They need the help.
Okay, Neil, thanks for your time.
And have a great day.
And thanks for more good news as it just continues.
Glad we could supply some good material
and now we're making use of it too.
Okay, good.
Killer desperate thing.
What are you doing in there?
Oh, apparently they mentioned my name
and that I sold out a long time ago.
I'm just wondering what I sold out.
So out.
So a little spec.
Oh, you think that's it?
I have no.
What now?
Now you're true.
You're going to what you're trying to analyze it.
Just don't understand that.
You're still going to be able to tighten sense of you
from something you consider the source.
They're lashing out in the old.
Now, next it'll be Joe Costello sold out
because they give my dolphin ticket
and he's got something to do with the show a little bit.
Then there'll be a then there'll be attacking J.P.
That'll be next.
They don't even know who the hell he is.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line.
So now we got all these strikes against me.
You know something see what they don't understand.
Is this makes it more miraculous?
This old bag.
He's old.
He's washed up.
He's on a crappy AM station.
A cash turn over.
Definitely wants to work on.
He's on AM.
And he still got those numbers and making all that money.
You know something I must have a rabbit foot stuck deep in my
back dome.
That's why I make sure that nothing else goes in there Paul
because I want to make sure that the four leaf clovers
and the rabbits foot that come my way all can fit deep inside my
back dome because man they sure come in handy.
When you get old and washed up and tired you got no material,
no audience left, no numbers, no following, no cloud,
no credibility.
I'm ready to cry and he got this.
He got this consultant somewhere and I'd like to know who the hell it is.
Who's just holding a gun to your head,
making sure that you can't do what you want on the air.
Well, I'm telling you, you either have to come to the conclusion that he's desperate
or he's an asshole or maybe both.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
And on you.
Yes, ma'am.
How are you?
Great.
I wanted to know if you support the NRA.
No, I don't.
What about POT?
What about POT?
Are you against it or for it?
For it.
I'm all for it, ma'am.
POT and PAN.
560, 705, 60, POT 560 on a mobile one line.
Tragic.
Here's a mobile in Kindle.
Hello.
Neil, how are you doing, ma'am?
Better call up 20 questions, George.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil, yeah, I was listening to that crap this morning as well.
And it really infuriated me.
I mean, you know when I realized they were lying?
When they started talking about that, you know, when the collars were calling in your show,
that George was telling them what to say, saying, oh, you know, listen, when...
They said that, that we're screening the calls.
Exactly.
Not just screening, but actually telling us what to say, because if you say this,
it'll sound better.
It will give you more ammunition or, you know, basically setting up the calls.
Yeah.
They have me confused with Mr. Ego, sir.
I want to tell you again, and we've told you this before, there is no other talk show in America.
A car?
No.
There is no talk show in America that screens less than we do.
And you know that, because you just called it, where are you calling from, turn down a radio,
hold on, and that's it.
That's it.
Exactly.
That's the reason you're showing me.
Never.
What do you want to talk about?
Are you four?
Are you a friend?
We don't give a crap.
Okay, that's what makes it spontaneous and exciting and whatever.
That's when I realized they were lying, because, you know, and then...
Because I called them, and then I didn't get on the air, but...
And, by the way, these are the same people that couldn't talk to Richard Friedman,
and they were hanging up on people that were against the petty sales tax,
when they were sucking the mayor's ass a couple of weeks ago.
Exactly.
They were manipulating the calls, unbelievable.
And then they hung up on me when I asked whoever was I was talking to you saying,
well, you know, you're saying he's behind Dr. Laura, but then I asked him,
how did their numbers compare to Howard?
But then, you know, I just heard a big click after that.
I'll tell you how their numbers compared to Howard.
Men 25, 54 in the morning, Howard had a 12.1, and they had a 5.8.
He had more than double their numbers.
Who?
How do you like that?
And have a great day, sir.
5670560, pound 560 on a mobile one line.
You want numbers?
I got them right here in black and white and purple right in front of me.
We don't lie about ratings.
And if this was any kind of a real market, if we have anybody here that wrote about TV
and radio intelligently, which we don't, these would have been in the paper a long time ago.
But all we have to wait for Tom Jicke to come back from the West Coast,
Horace and Buggy Media, baby.
Horace and Buggy Town.
And anybody who has looked at those numbers when Tom finally does get around it,
of course, the hero, they don't have anybody even know from numbers.
The only numbers they know are the gambors out there in the goddamn streets
and whatever part of time they're doing it.
Carlos from the Godfather.
Carla, whatever the hell is name?
5670560, pound 560 on a mobile one line.
You can look them up in the newspaper.
They're exactly what I give you here on the year.
Exactly whether they're good, bad or indifferent.
And anybody that would go on the year and lie about ratings, man,
is so desperate that they were probably calling up one of their ex co-worker salespeople
and begging for a job over here.
Now that we find that out, it is so unbelievable.
It is so shocking.
And you know what, Paul?
There's still not going to hire you here.
Isn't it amazing all the different clear channel people that we keep hearing just desperate to bail out of there?
Look at all the people that came over here.
Even Fatboy.
Even Fatboy.
And they said, okay, we'll pack you a sandwich.
You said, okay, all right.
He said, how about two sandwiches?
It's a long trip.
One for the road.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
New, God.
Yes, sir.
I just want to send the message to them guys over there to play something.
Yeah, just play something, right?
Could you do a show with your voice on it?
Okay, you got it, sir.
Two of them is.
If we just want to hear some music.
That's right.
Just play the music and dub me up already and stop lecturing the audience.
We don't want to hear him giggle at those stupid jokes.
All right.
Thank you, Nathan.
Have a great day, sir.
I'll tell you one thing.
You didn't like to bird George, but the bird was sensational compared to Ron Brewer.
He didn't sit there lecturing the audience and pontificating and looking down his nose at everybody else and speaking in a condescending tone.
You have a point.
Yeah, thank you.
See that?
Only took me about 100 years, but I finally, well, of course you sold out anyway a long time ago.
Oh, yeah.
We know that.
I don't know what I said.
That's the rumor.
But yeah, I just am shocked by you.
Yeah, I can just tell by your attitude and the expression on your face that you're like, you're trying to figure it out.
Just consider the source.
It would be like, my trying to figure it out.
Oh, well, what time was I at the sawgrass light?
I mean, last night was I really there.
I mean, you know, maybe it was sleepwalking.
Maybe it was taking a nap and just kind of whaddled over there.
You know, saw me at the sawgrass light.
Now, liar, liar, baby.
Big, big, pud-wacking liar.
Mobile and adventurer.
Hello.
Yes, I just want to let everybody know the adventurer Nazi cops having a friend's day today.
So, you can't fool an adventurer because the Nazis will stop you.
Whereabouts?
Okay, thank you.
I said whereabouts and he just clicked off.
He clicked it.
Oh, yeah.
Notice the last couple of days.
I don't know about by you, wherever you folks have been.
But the porkers are in a feeding frenzy.
There are more speed traps.
One of the overpass up there near a P.P. Parking Hill on the Ives-Dairy Road.
They must have had seven.
It looked like they were having a convention.
Either that or they're getting ready to go back down to Kendall, that 16-year-old hookers house again.
I don't know one or the other.
Man, yesterday when I was leaving here, it's just amazing.
And thank you, our good close friend.
Chuck, not only for lunch yesterday, I left here.
But Chuck warned me.
He said, hey, when you get up there, watch out the porkers.
They got the reader guns out.
I didn't realize there were 45,000 of them.
And usually when the porkers are up there, I would drive by and they see who it is.
They give me a little wave.
They just all sat there looking straight ahead.
Didn't see me or anybody else.
Like the world was coming to an end.
So, it's a pork frenzy.
This weekend, just keep that in mind.
Okay, there must be desperately short of cash.
Oh!
Bitch, gotta drink eggs.
I'm going to have a full bomb today!
Wait, she's got no place to stay.
Then she put it up with it one night and then...
She forgot all the math with me, there's a thickly feet down.
And that's the Bay of New York, and he got a till he wants to rope in and see down.
And she built my mind, my cell, my motor's down and they go away.
And she got a lot of different footages.
Well, she got all of them all on, and that guitar was getting wise to turn down.
And she had to decide to see me, get some fine, get some thinking,
and then we're starting to get out of that.
And she got a little bit of fucking time.
And that's just gone in here, and she got some good stuff in here.
And she got a little bit of hope to come out.
And she got a little bit of fun, run, run, run,
and the motor's down and they go away.
And she was done to go away.
And she will, run, run, run, run,
and the motor's down and they go away.
Okay, I said, it's a Lv. 2 at 5, 60 WQM,
and there's Fat Boy who left the clear channel,
so they're all a bunch of mums and they should only rot.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
So listen, I was shopping yesterday at Burger King.
Yeah, I was at Burger King with my four boyfriends,
and we ran into Paul and his boyfriend.
I mean, let's just start making up crazy stories.
And George was there with his lesbian girlfriend,
and it was Joe Costello with his transvestite boyfriend.
And there was Ron Brue with some transsexual with this wild hairdo.
Yeah.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, listen,
when you're under that much pressure and stress,
I guess you start to crack, you start to hallucinate a lot.
That must be the reason.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood, hello.
Deal.
Yes, sir.
You know what?
And more cast-run overcraft.
This morning, not only did they say that you tell the colors what to do,
but also they said that on the paint-tacks,
that you told George told everybody to agree with you to make it easier.
Oh, yeah, we always do that, right?
Let me ask you this.
In other words, if George had a twist the input we had here,
it's amazing what coincidence it was that the vote came out
68 to 32% again, huh?
Imagine that.
We had to tell people to say they were against it.
Yeah, I just thought of this funny.
Just stop and think of the logic of that.
Okay, have a great day, sir.
More lies!
Anybody can call this show and tell me that in the 23 years I've been on the year in Miami,
I've ever had any producer tell anybody what to say or suggest what to say
or even what to talk about your whistling in the dark, okay?
Your peeping through the wrong hole.
But don't take your word for it.
Yeah.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Oh no, you take the word of anybody you'd ever call the show.
And how many times have I said here and criticized even shows on this station
like that disgraceful episode where we had Christina Moore in here a little over a year ago
back during that horrible Brian Murray business when they were trying to cover up their tracks
for the crap that they had done with the Panther team.
And on that Panther show, which thank God has gone off the year now,
and we don't ever have to contend with again.
Nobody went crazy than I did about that.
Screening the call so only the sucklings would hopefully get on the year
and keep out the tough questions, which makes it pointless to even have that show on.
As I said then, and I'll say it again now.
God.
I mean, you know, there are people in this market,
there are good people on the year, there are bad people, there are some people
a little bit of talent, some people who aren't so good.
But I mean, you are what you are.
But just to be so desperate is to flail out with a bunch of lies and hysteria
to try to whip up a bunch of frenzy as if this is going to get them some audience now
and resurrect that flailing dying show that's dropping.
You can just hear the sounds of it dropping down the ladder, rung by rung.
560560.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a pay phone in Boka. Hello.
Hey, yes sir.
Along those lines of you guys telling the callers what to say,
all of a sudden, they get a call from a gentleman that allegedly works in an adult store.
Where he works well.
In an adult movie theater, they could take jab to view and everything.
And it was just set up right on the, right on the tail,
I'm telling what to do, he could tell he didn't work there.
So they're bringing that up again.
It's funny because I just saw Paul, a last night at one.
Yeah, I just thought he'd bring a net scrap map again.
Like he had an omelette in his lap.
Thank you.
Okay, thanks. Look like an omelette.
560560. I mean, desperate, desperate, desperate.
These couldn't be the same clear channel people that were calling a couple of weeks ago
with cigar Dave.
Tell me how desperately they wanted to be back over there.
These couldn't be the same clear channel people in Rana Wolf was up there
at Poppano Park several months ago, one night last year.
Remember that episode you weren't there, but I talked about it on the year.
Oh yes, we have to have you back.
We don't care what it costs.
We have to have you back.
Remember, I told you meeting her in Max up there at Poppano Park that night in the dining room.
But I'm old and washed up.
I'll be looking for it to push you cat there in Hollywood.
Okay, Paul? You're almost old enough to be there.
I'm not.
Here's a mobile and cross bring.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Okay, sir.
Next to you know, Paul can be telling you, tell everyone he's all you at Wolfie still in Sweden.
Yeah, well, that was the last, that was right after I stole a freight train.
I was under a lot of stress.
Hey, a couple things.
One, what's the deal with the announcer for the Panthers this year?
Was that announced yet?
The jigs is up.
Jigs, jigs are up.
Jigs are up.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Let me give you two words.
Old hack.
Old hack.
But a big improvement over what we had.
Yeah, that was.
You want to look on the bright side or the dark side.
The good news is he's a lot, a lot better.
A million times better than Christina, but we could have done that.
That's true.
As long as you didn't say my brother all the time.
No, he ain't going to say that.
And he's a good guy too, so let's hope for the best.
That's good.
Hey, one thing to think of.
And remember back during the Stanley Cup playoffs last time the Panthers finally made it.
Omelette's lucky butt was named by Paul, so maybe he's a closet.
Yeah, I think he's the one that's in the Omelette.
That's your own reason to keep some around.
I think it's that.
Lefto.
That does it.
Anyways, can I also come in the douchebag?
Sure, go ahead.
Tom Bragga, you're still a Swiss cheese ghost.
Holy douchebag.
Okay.
Thanks for having great day, sir.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
It's 11 o'clock at QAM.
On your honest until it hurts station QAM.
Nobody on this station would have relied unless it was how much money they wanted to track or how much they would be lost.
I lost 31 bucks at Pompa no Park when they...
Listen to me.
This is stand by and steam for sofa king.
You understand?
Where everything is held to the high sofa king's standards.
The selection isn't just huge, it's sofa king huge.
Believe me, you'll never shop anywhere else.
And sofa king's price is not just low, they're sofa king low.
You'll never find them anywhere else.
Listen to me.
When I say sofa king as a beautiful store, I mean sofa king beautiful.
When I say the stair is helpful, I mean sofa king helpful.
Listen to me.
Get to know the sofa king and enjoy a selection that's sofa king huge.
A stack at sofa king turdius and price is that a sofa king low.
You'll never shop anywhere else.
But don't take it for me.
Take it from satisfied, custom of Frank and Stein.
So fucking good.
You set it Frankie.
So fucking good.
It's 12 o'clock at 5.60 WQAM.
Your hysterical station for the 90s.
5.6705.60, pound 5.60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Nice going very jacket.
Let me get to see that mad dog.
I think with a picture in the hair of this morning, they finally put something in there worth the printing and worth reading.
Here's Miami Lake.
Hello.
Yeah, the reason I listen to you is because you're funny.
I listen to Howard because he's funny.
I don't care if you're gay and he's gay or he's straight.
Yeah.
That doesn't...
Anyway, so Tomlowe's two asses.
I don't even know why you even give them any play.
Nobody even knows that they exist.
Yeah.
Anyway, I just heard what are your commercials.
Did they say Ron Jeremy is in town?
Yeah, Ron Jeremy.
Oh, he's still alive.
So if anybody out there needs an extra carpet.
Oh, that's terrible.
Anyway, Neil, do me a favor, please.
Stop getting so excited.
We don't want anything to happen to you.
I'm not so least bit excited.
I'm just wound up like I always am, which is what makes it a great show.
Have a great day pal.
Thank you.
See you.
I'm not excited.
I'm feeling great.
Fine, never better.
5.6705.60, pound 5.60 on the AT&T line.
And Sue Risinger of all people, whoever she is, who writes in the Howard section of the
Harold.
Great column this morning, Sue.
School police.
Now sex police.
I'm going to read that later on.
Okay.
In fact, they got a whole thing about this business with the swing clubs.
And comes to find out we're not as much in minorities.
I thought we were here.
The perverts on this show me in George.
A lot of people out there, including now the school board, are starting to have like second and third and fourth thoughts about this.
And hey, it's nobody's business.
And come to find out that this whole thing was started.
They so called big raid, the big police investigation by the BSO, because of complaints by people in the area.
Anonymous tips.
Oh, there's something bad going on in there.
So naturally, of course, there's only a coincidence that they notified the media.
And they had all the TV stations with their cameras rolling when the 7,500 SWAT team guys were running in there.
And there's Big Regalia putting on a book media show, putting on a horse and pony show for the public to watch.
So Ken Jenny could get some more brownie points.
I think this time he's going to turn out to be the brownie hound.
That's what I think.
He's going to be looking right in the old brown eyes.
5,670560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile and point and beach.
Hello.
Point and beach.
Going once.
Have a nice life.
5,670560, 0560 on the AT&T line.
Keep popping those numbers, baby.
Here's a mobile and West Palm.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Yes.
Speaking.
Hey, you're not a racist.
You're an idiot.
Anyways.
I'm not.
No, I didn't think so.
But anyways, speaking of people on their last leg, a really neat comment about Mick Jagger.
He made them.
Don't like them.
Who comment?
You.
I didn't say I hate him.
I said that he's washed up and old and who wants to go see them anymore.
I saw him for the first time at the No Security Tour, which is an All Arena Tour.
Yeah.
At the Panther Arena.
Right.
Super Show.
Yeah.
Super Show I've never seen him before.
They might have flipped a little.
I'm not sure about that.
But I mean, of course, their music is considered.
Well, it's the last time they came out with anything significant, meaningful impact.
You know, any music anymore, none of its meaningful, but, uh...
No, no, but I'm talking about the last time they hit a hit.
Well, they've had a hit.
Their last album was, uh...
We're not least up to number 10.
Yeah.
You know, I don't know if that's a hit, but, uh...
Anyways, love your show.
First time caller.
And, uh...
I've heard this stuff on Zeta this morning.
What a joke.
What a Joker.
Yeah.
What a liar, I think, is the word you're looking for.
Okay, thanks, pal.
Big fat liar.
You're welcome to you.
56070560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Helen Dale.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Healy right.
The Rolling Stones are washed up.
Who wants to see it?
Okay, great.
And, so are you.
Oh, God, it's e-terminal.
56070560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
We're down to the drags now.
At least they killed about an hour and a quarter.
Thanks, Paul.
Killed a good hour and a quarter here this morning with this crap.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Me.
I got a similar of a starter portfolio.
A lot of back when the voting thing for the percent tax was going on.
And you were going to call off a guy Dave Slater.
Right.
I know him.
So, you know, I said, hey, they're talking about it on Zeta.
And I said, give them a call.
So, give them a call, right?
They're talking to your good buddy, the mayor.
Right.
And here comes Dave's last couple of minutes of the show.
And they never take calls the last couple of minutes to show.
But all of a sudden, they put him on.
It's kind of like, oh, well, here's Dave and Kendall, whatever.
And they go, he goes, hey, I'm the guy who was suing the county for, you know, to change the ballot.
And he tells them to deal with the ballot and everything.
And Paul gets him to go, so mayor, what do you think of that?
And the panel says, well, I want to discuss with anybody.
Yeah, we already know that.
The guy hung up, right?
So I called up and said, look, why did you hang up on the guy?
Come on.
If you guys really want to get a good show going, you leave him on.
And you get some controversy going and get both sides of the issue.
And they argued tooth and nail with me about how they don't do that.
That's a bull, he's our guest.
And we're not going to talk to him about that.
And kill the guy.
So what are you supposed to do?
It was a suck job.
The head and the air, the kids, his ass, and the suck the establishment.
And think that they were doing the right.
And again, let me point it out again.
This is on a station like Zeta, which is supposed to appeal to the list.
There's generally speaking, I don't want to lump everybody like the guy said yesterday.
They ended the same category.
But nevertheless, it's supposed to be an alternative kind of a station.
And not appeal to establishment type of people.
They don't even understand who their audience is.
And I let him know I said, so you basically what you're going to do is you're sucking up.
And if it's only good for your ratings.
And then I said to the guy, I said, well it's kind of like Nearogist says, you know, it's just a radio show.
And they go, oh, now we're getting down to that level and I'm going to get my ass.
I said, oh, thank you very much.
And I was, you know, I got my point.
Now we're getting down to that level.
That's 68% of the people voted for the election.
Now we're getting down to Neal's level.
That's exactly the real world.
I mean, you know, I mean, the guy, you know, I got to admit, I listen to this show.
I have no problem with it.
But, you know, I mean, I've heard, you know, the guys basically are doing just like you say, quote, unquote, it's a radio show.
But, you know, I mean, I don't come on here and lie because they're so desperate to make your bulkhead the stories about the ratings.
And he ran into me at the sawgrass and all this other bullcrap.
And we have consultants and we're screening their calls.
I mean, where does this stuff come from other than shared desperation?
Right. And now I got to agree with the two about Ron.
And he is, the guy comes off as a few mongers moral god who's got a five-month-old child or whatever.
And a two-year-old child, he comes up with all these things to do.
You know, you're on the wrong freaking radio show.
Exactly.
You're going to start preaching that.
Right. Him and Dan.
Him and Dan.
Maybe they can allope.
That is, you know, on anyway.
I just want to let you know.
Okay, thanks.
Okay. 4200 open lines here.
We've got two hours and 40 minutes to go.
It's going to be a rough sledding here from here on out.
Because I think we already exhausted their whole audience.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in-for-laterdale.
Hello.
Hello.
Mobile in-for-laterdale.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
First of all, I think these guys are pretty smart.
We'll look later getting a few from the...
That's okay.
It worked perfectly.
No, it didn't work for me.
It doesn't be graduate.
Listen, I've never put anybody out of another station that they'd listen more than five minutes
if they weren't listening before.
And if they didn't like it, they'd stop listening.
So what's the difference with the Mac?
Maybe, all right.
You know better than me.
Listen.
I got a question.
I'm going to sound like a moron, but it answers for me anyway.
Why does this John Henry need a stadium?
Why don't they just play a full-play stadium?
I don't know.
And you know something they had on our morning show this morning, the media marketing guy for the Marlins,
which I guess we have no choice since we're the Marlins station, and we have this cock-a-me-me deal with them.
But I mean, this guy's talking about all the people that come out and really enjoy it so much,
and Yadi, Yadi, Yadi, and I'm thinking to myself they had the smallest crowd.
They had an announce crowd of 9,400 and in both papers this morning said,
if there were 6,000 people, that was a lot.
And we have to have a new stadium so that John Henry can't lose money.
The guy's a businessman.
If he made a bad investment, tough potatoes, okay?
He's going to have to eat his laws.
There's no reason why anybody should build this man in stadium.
And now in the paper this morning, they're talking at Miramar.
They want to build a stadium in Miramar.
He's going to have his press conference tomorrow at 5 o'clock,
and he's going to tell everybody where he wants it and what you should do for me and all this other bull crap.
The only positive thing that he could do at this press conference tomorrow is to announce that he's going to pay
and he's going to arrange the funding like Joe Robbie did to build P.P. Park in the first place,
and he's not going to ask for any taxpayer money.
Then we'd say, I'll write, we're all behind you.
Don't hold your breath.
5,670560, 0560, 6,000 people there.
As the crowds keep dwindling and dwindling and dwindling as the rain keeps coming down
and more and more people are out of town between now and Labor Day,
and they keep losing and losing and falling farther behind.
And it's meaningless, it's pointless.
And they're on to this morning, oh yeah, it's great.
And all these people come out, they're having a wonderful time.
They're not coming out and they're not having a wonderful time.
We're talking about a minimal number of people.
You can put them in a goddamn telephone booth.
But let's build them a three or four hundred million dollar stadium
so they can have some fun.
And John Henry can try to make some of this money back.
Because maintaining those yachts, man, it cost a lot of green to maintain those big yachts.
5,670560, 0560 on the AT&T line.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Not last night, but the night before in 2020.
Did you see that with the faith dealers?
With what?
They had the faith dealers under the fiddle.
Oh, Mr. Dinsfield.
Well, they don't believe in doctors when their kids get sick or break an arm or something.
They just all gather and pray.
And 200 church members stood there and watched a nine-year-old boy
going to convulsions and die from a 104th emitter.
Oh, right.
But Dr. Cavorky is in jail because he's helped an 80-year-old, terminally ill patient.
That's America 4.
That's right.
All of a sudden, the crap, that's okay.
I mean, it was a gun under the eyes of religion.
Good old time religion.
Right.
God protects them.
But, you know, those four little children are suffering.
They showed a graveyard where there must have been 800 kids.
Buried in that graveyard and they're all from the faith dealers.
Nice.
I mean, people, they do not believe in doctors.
They will not go to a doctor for anything.
See, I think you can believe in whatever stupid crap you want.
But when it comes to the children who have no option,
that's where the government's got to stop in and protect them and cut this crap out.
Right.
Instead of the government protecting the children, they're protecting the religion and it's ridiculous.
Okay, pal.
All right.
Have a good one now.
God bless you.
Yeah.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
We're going to start screening these calls real heavy duty.
I'll tell you that.
In fact, from now on, we're going to say, after we tell us where you're calling from, we're going to go,
like that.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
I work at home, so I've listened to the radio a lot during the day because it keeps me going here in the town.
And the morning I listen to you because, you know, inner spice with your cynicism is great relevance.
And the afternoon when you go off, I mean, the radio just did so far as interest goes,
that book Daniels is...
Oh.
He's a troche of that.
She has the air.
That's because you ran into the Pete Boulder, a tire kingdom across the street here several months ago.
And he said, hey, you want to go back out of radio?
She said, okay.
And that's why she's on.
And then they had these two zimbos taking her place when she was off the air for a couple of days,
and they were inconceivably worse than her.
It was, wow.
So that was some contest there, you know?
Look at how I do the other thing.
Well, it's just amazing.
You know what?
It will handle how they consistently have put more and more crap on here.
And the only show they've got that's got any numbers, which is Rick and Suds, they wanted to kill those guys.
They had a big their way back out of the air.
Well, they need more talent in this town besides you.
I know it's just a sweet heart.
There isn't that much talent in radio all across America.
You can go from time.
I mean, it's especially bad here.
But you can go into a major market after a major market, and you just are going to find that many entertaining people around.
Well, what happened to Steve Kane?
What happened to him?
Yeah, where is he?
You want to listen to him?
No, but I mean, he's better than Brooke.
Wrong.
He's on some make-belief station in the morning.
And why did I want to go with this pushing the health product?
Okay, have a great day, sweetheart.
Oh, it's a talk radio yenta.
It's a talk radio yenta.
As soon as you hear Steve Kane and I meet you, I know you should press the button.
Sorry, I left around a little too long.
Excuse me.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Any interest here?
We got 425 open lines here on a Friday.
We're having a roll-in long singing the song.
I'm just full of vinegar today.
And the audience is kind of like...
Peter Dough.
05, 60 on the AT&T line.
It's a free call.
We pay for it. Any interest?
No.
Okay.
Friday, you bestie.
There once was a man named Bill who lived on Capitol Hill.
He gave me a dress, then made it a mess, and I kept it under my bed.
Squared, squirt?
In my house.
No.
That's no good.
Okay.
Let's say.
All right.
Roses are red.
The white house is white.
I signed in the lab book one night.
No.
That's no good either.
Hickory, dickory, doc.
The president showed me his.
No.
No.
No.
No.
That's not good.
Okay.
Try the night before Christmas.
And all through the house.
Still got naked.
Except in my house.
My parents were nustled.
They were snug in their bed.
While I was giving the president a known.
No.
No.
No.
That's no good either.
Okay.
1131 at 560 WQM 567-0560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T line.
Here's a mobile in Oakland Park.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
George told me what to say, but I forgot.
No.
I'm just going to have to wing it.
You know, Brewer, today tell you to.
The Brewer said that you were getting all your.
It's from your pants or your.
Yeah.
Well, he must have heard me say that yesterday.
I take these guys to draw and strolls myself.
That's probably the problem.
I mean, that or the bond going down.
Yeah.
Okay.
Thanks.
Did I just talk about yesterday?
We mentioned the fact that we said like comedy network and comedy network,
vocal Brian, guitar man, KJ.
And we pay for all the comedy vits.
And we have the rights to them.
Thank you.
And they're great.
So, and the point is, am I missing something?
And let me say it again.
Over the years, we have two great bits that we have the rights to, by the way.
The Sammy Smith bit, whatever that was, and the Abel and Ted Dexel intervention,
which was great cast and over to those.
They're sensational.
I play them once in a while.
And that's what is that?
And about 15 years, two bits.
Nice job, pal.
See, you stick with what you do best.
Now, what does he do best?
Do we know?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
So, that would have been quite some fest that I missed this morning.
A desperation fest.
Here's a mobile and Jupiter.
Hello.
Mobile and Jupiter, yes, sir.
Neil, are you doing my friend?
All right.
Good.
I can't believe Young Ron is such a wacko.
I don't know how he talks about you.
I listen to your show every day.
It's the best.
I can't believe they try to even come close to your show.
You've got 68 and they're nothing.
I just want to say that.
Can I call somebody a douchebag?
Yes, sir.
Tony Ferrar, you're a douchebag.
Thank you very much, Neil.
Okay, sir, sir.
God bless you.
Young Ron.
Young Ron.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile and key log.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
This is ridiculous.
You've been there 20 some years.
I mean, that speaks for itself.
To say you're washed up is to say Bob Hope was washed up after 30 years.
So, that's all ridiculous.
The other thing is, I don't understand my am a hero.
They say, you know, and your show did have the influence of getting a no vote.
No doubt about that.
We're going conclusion.
And they say, well, okay, you elected these people.
Well, hell, half the people they recommended was who we elected.
So, what, you know, I don't understand the hero, but you're doing a good job and stick with it.
Okay, sir.
Just say no to the hero.
Just keep that in mind.
Okay?
We did it on election day and just keep that word in mind.
No.
I thought I wanted to be negative, but nevertheless.
No.
I don't think I'm going to recover from that woman.
Why is it that the women callers in this town are so bad, you know?
Like yesterday, I was joking about my adult and season tickets.
And we get that woman called here sitting in the car with a husband.
And the, the real, I guess she figured using the strategy if he puts the woman on,
then I'll, you know, kind of weaken real quick and I'll give her the tickets.
Was I really going to give anybody those tickets besides Joe?
No.
No.
I mean, that was pathetic.
And the woman this morning, and she starts sucking around a little bit, sucking around.
And then she starts going into a history of every loser who was ever on talk radio that we don't want to hear.
See, I know this comes as a great shock to you, but I got out of that a long, long, long time ago.
The day I left W snooze, that was the day I officially said goodbye to that crap.
And the day, if there was any doubts, the day I changed the format on wins, that was the second day.
I absolutely positively sealed the door on any relationship with that kind of so-called talk radio.
Swill.
Crap.
And yes, I did in a moment of weakness in the car.
I was not away to the sodgrass to meet Ron and Paul last night.
Now, actually, I went to get to mail in my post office box last night in the car.
I did turn over to WSRF.
Craig Wardings on WSRF, by the way, Knights.
Good guy, a 50-nady on your dial.
But unfortunately, Craig is talking again to people over the age of 200 because that's, you know, that's what there is.
And my good friend, Norm Kent, was on there playing radio again.
And it was so depressing because Norm Lachatoa, the S.D., made a great comeback from cancer.
He's feeling great. He's cancer-free. He's going to be just fine.
But listening to all these 900-year-old people, hello, Craig.
I was just diagnosed with bladder cancer.
So when you want to talk about Mr. Ego and Alice Rantella and Joyce Kaufman, all of those, say, talk to somebody else about that.
That's another lifetime.
It has no relationship with anything going on right now.
There aren't enough people listening to any of those folks to fill up a goddamn phone booth.
5-670560, 0.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile invoker. Hello.
Hey, no, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Listen, the problem with the people on a bar on Adobe's baseball stage is that, you know, they can get a little air getting the money from everybody, from the tax pay's name.
No one, the tax pay's just don't stand together and fight.
They will, they will list time. I'll take it that.
I hope so because I think it's pretty foolish. I'm a big baseball fan, but, you know, I mean, it's just not right.
It's just not a right thing that these people, you know, these rich people think they could do whatever they want.
And the arrogant way that they do it, you know, they come out and they say, well, here's the list of 5 or 6 places I would like you to build it for me.
Right.
And let's see what kind of a deal we can cook up with the politicians in Miramar and the politicians in Fort Lauderdale and the county people.
I mean, talk about arrogant, you would be like, if you wanted to go into business in a restaurant, there's this.
And you come to the politicians and say, well, you know, I want to open up a $2 million restaurant, but I would like you to fund the money for the construction.
Exactly. To get it out of here, it's stupid. It's not unbelievable.
Okay, pal, have a great day.
Just a vote.
No.
Oh, yeah, wait till you see if that ever comes on a ballot in Broward or any place.
You think the penny sales tax got beat bad. Wait till you see this.
If they have to put it on a ballot asking the taxpayers for money for a stadium for some billionaire, no chance, no way Jose.
Ain't going to happen.
Well, it happens someplace else. Well, that's their problem.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in North Miami. Hello.
In Miami, I'm sorry.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Got a story about Pete Holger.
All right.
I worked for Zeta about 10 years ago when they were owned by Janet and when Pettit was owned.
Yes, sir.
Any way, it was a run-in-out show.
Oh, 10-e-wit-ums.
There is a really brilliant man who said to me one day, oh, you know, it's nice to be number one, but can't we just be a safe number three?
But anyway.
Yeah, anyway. Well, if Rhonda think she was known back then with my LSM, I would have been telling, I guess, maybe a year for her.
And I was in the best spot schlepper in town, but I did my fair share.
Yeah.
So she called me to the office one day, and she sits me down and Peter Bolder is in there sitting down next to me.
Now, this is after I left.
Oh, yeah. Yeah. This is after you were left.
This is after that rock and roll army was gone, also, I think.
Another brainchild of Bolder.
So she sits me down and she says, well, do you like a performance?
I can be eradicated and about to beat the ball.
We're going to have to let you go.
There's no problem. I turn on and look at Pete.
I said, I guess you're getting fired, too, aren't you?
And he looks at me and says, no, I'm here for her protection.
I said, her protection, buddy.
You couldn't bite your way out of what paper bag.
Right. That's for sure.
That was it.
I left.
Congratulations.
Okay. I tell you, went on to bigger and better things.
Exactly. Okay. Nice going, sir.
Hey, come help somebody do your back.
Yeah. Robert Lawrence, you're a big doosh bag.
Okay.
There's a guy that got out.
See, I mean, really it's gone from Godgannit, like you said, the Paxton, the Clear Channel.
But it's all the same thing because it's the same suspects.
Pete Bolder and Wanner think in that whole crowd over there.
Same suspects.
But that business about Castor Nova, Colin, I don't want to say that it was Peter Leonard, but one of our sales holes that he used to work with, begging for him to intercede on his behalf because he wants to, I guess he just wants to go anywhere other than there.
And that's what we hear from virtually everybody that works for Clear Channel.
Isn't that a shame, huh?
A lot of crappy companies in this business, I'll tell you that.
Too bad they have to be working over there for those people.
And lucky for us, they're not coming here.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I mean, why would you call up when the ratings just came out and somebody else beat you?
I mean, I'd grant you it was 5.9 to a 5.8.
But the first team just beat them.
Now, why would you try to call up Greg Read and say, oh, you know, when you break up your sports via a format the other 20 hours a day and put me on here in the morning?
When they were already beating them.
And of course, you notice the shortages spot, the warning show.
Really desperate for a revenue on that show.
No thanks, Paul.
I'm going to give you the real thing here now.
Oh, you know what I forgot to play?
If you missed the Neil Rogers show yesterday on 610WID, you missed this.
Is this the bird?
Yeah.
Bird, how you doing?
Listen, do me a favor, play anything because I can't stand listening to you.
You start like a douchebag.
Do you want to do me a favor, play anything?
Well, can I ask you a question before you go?
Oh, God, you sound so stupid.
I hate to talk to you.
Yeah, go ahead.
Why did you call me?
I didn't call you.
No, just to tell you not to say anything, just play something.
Oh, God, can't stand it.
Well then why are you listening?
Ah, play something already.
Why won't you answer it?
Ah, ah, ah, ah, get stand up.
You won't see if he won't talk to me.
Why don't we got a car here?
Damn it.
I hate when that happens.
OK, 11.45 at 5.60 WNQAM.
5.6705.60, 0.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Those are the days, baby.
You're a radio basically.
Most hours of the day, the radio in his town
is a dead instrument.
Make me no mistake about that.
Here's a highly a call.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm here listening to my dead instrument.
A dead piece?
Yeah, that's a piece.
It's a piece all right.
Listen, I was listening to Paul in around this morning.
I was in the room every morning.
And yeah, they were really ricking that.
I don't know why.
They said, well, I don't know if you heard this or anything.
They said, they saw you with your gay boyfriend and the saw grad.
Yeah, well, I wasn't in the saw grads.
Nor did I see them.
And my gay, who is not my boyfriend, but my roommate.
But nevertheless, be that as it may be.
Those were their words.
You know, I'm just telling him.
I'm just laying straight the way it is, so to speak.
He was out cruising the trauma in the last memory of me.
He was, so there's no possibility that we were at the saw grads.
Just another blatant lie out of desperation.
You see, they all started when they started it on Paul Griffin.
And she had the hospital call and rippered their ass on the ear.
And now they're good because I put that on here and put them in her place yesterday.
Now that's going to be the attack on me.
So fine.
And I'm only a hoolie over here in this one.
The time I'm listening to QBA.
Right.
All right.
Take it easy, man.
Good luck.
See you at the saw grads.
All right.
Okay.
With my gay boyfriend's.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile invoker.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Would you make an exception for Brian Craig?
Meaning what?
Should we talk about him?
No, I would not.
Why do I want to talk about him?
That squeaky voice, simply idiot.
Does he still around?
Nobody cares about him, sir.
Nobody cares about Brian Craig, okay?
Nobody cares about little squeaky voice, pimple-headed idiots, geeks, that were a board ops on FTL, who all of a sudden became talk show host.
And again, only the talk show groupies like this guy, who obviously wants to date.
And by the way, speaking of Brian Craig, norm tells me that the last thing he said when he saw him.
I wanted it.
Yeah.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
Here's a mobile invoker.
Hello.
And these people, these light bulb, chronic old talking, they're kissed, they're the vein of everybody's existence.
Mobile invoker, hello.
Neil, chief things.
First of all, John Henry is Wayne with hair.
Yeah.
And number two is, about time the mad dog got the publicity he deserves.
I've got a little song for the mad dog.
Right, okay.
You got it.
That was it.
He just vanished into the thin air.
They're short and quick into the point.
They got a busy agenda.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Georgia's still looking his wounds because they said he was a sellout.
Yeah.
Right.
Still trying to finger it out.
Here's a mobile invororant, Lucy.
Hello.
Neil, just a little traveling report here.
I was in San Diego.
And confirmation of how bad baseball is.
Hate the sport.
Hate the players.
I get on the elevator and there's a guy that I kind of recognize known as the big unit.
Randy Johnson.
In person, uglier than what he comes on the television.
That's saying a lot.
Yeah.
So I get on the elevator.
There's three little kids in the back of the elevator.
And I get on and I look at him and I say,
she I know you.
This guy stayed looking straight at the wall.
Not giving any acknowledgement to, of course, I'm not the fan, but the little kids are drooling all over themselves.
And this was a close environment.
Five people on the elevator.
And he couldn't give anybody the time of day.
If God didn't give him anything.
Well, just a minute.
Did somebody speak to him and say,
Yes, I said, hey, I know you.
Yeah.
He could have turned and said, or did something just recognize that I'm another human being.
You know, he's got some kind of an innate ability that allows him to get a $50 million bonus.
And I don't put out the guy saying,
if you don't like baseball and you don't like him, why would you go out of your way to say,
hey, I know you.
Well, it's because I recognized the face.
Yeah.
For me, it was a situation.
It wasn't worth it.
It was a big, strong of people.
And he had to worry about what he was saying.
But I don't understand.
He just got through telling me that you hate baseball.
So why, why, what's there ever?
Because when we say, you're out.
Oh, well, you would just like recognition that, yeah, you're another person.
And I understand where you're coming from.
And it's, if he asked me to give me my name, I couldn't have done it.
But I recognized the face because you do see him as a picture.
So, if you didn't even know who it was,
well, I didn't know who it was.
Oh, I must have done it.
Don't take up a hobby.
Take up my junk.
OK, pal, I think you're ready for it.
Shuffle board sounds good.
See you at 7.30 tomorrow morning, right after my trip to the sawgrass with Ron and Paul the night.
Give me a break, will you?
Doesn't even know the guy's name hates baseball.
But he goes out of his way.
Oh, I know you.
You're, uh, no, you don't know him.
In addition to which, how do you know him if you don't watch baseball?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Leave people alone, OK?
Leave people in hell alone and stop being a bunch of professional groupies.
It's one thing to be friendly like the strangers in elevator.
Like I'm always telling you about when you go up north or to Europe or any place else
where they're civilized people and people say, hello, good morning.
And you don't even know who they are.
That's fine.
But just bugging somebody and don't even know who the hell he is or what his name is.
Oh, I know you're somebody famous.
You're the one with a problem, sir.
Not Randy frickin Johnson.
And I couldn't give a crap lesson about his big unit, OK?
And you're right.
He's uglier than saw this, but they don't pay him on his looks.
Here's a mobile in candle.
Hello?
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, buddy?
OK, sir.
Listen, I got a question for you.
For instance, you played that bit of the bird.
You know the bird?
Yeah.
I got a name for George.
El Pajado.
Uh-huh.
We do that.
How about El Pajarito?
How's that?
Ah-ha.
OK.
One of your people.
5670560, pound 560.
But they're back to that again.
They're re-boarding back to that one-track thing again.
Everything that comes back to this same.
La de con, la de con, Pajarito, whatever.
Bugarón.
That's my favorite.
Bugarón.
Oh.
I get the chills.
Yeah.
That's in that Amazon gene spot.
He's looking for a Bugarón way up in there.
Here's Boynton Beach.
Boynton Beach.
Oh, good news.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, sir?
Pretty good.
Great.
Hey, listen.
I just want to let you know my brother introduced me to your show back in October almost a year ago.
Yes, sir.
And we love your show.
We listen to it every day in our office.
Great.
And one thing I wanted to say is I used to listen to Paul and Ron in the morning before I knew what a real quality radio show was.
Yeah.
And I am planning on calling them on Monday and telling them just how much they totally suck.
And on top of that, I would like to request something I have never ever heard a young Neil.
And I know it was a long time ago.
Oh, I know it was a long time ago.
I was a little bit like that.
Wait a minute.
I have never heard it that.
I know a couple months ago that you said that you would never ever play it again as long as you should live.
But I would really like to hear it.
You don't want to hear it.
And in Closing Circus and I call someone a douchebag.
Yeah.
Rick Sanchez, you are a total flaming ass-secking douchebag.
Okay.
Thank you.
See you.
The answer by the way you request.
No.
No.
567-0560.
What was the answer?
Oh, that's what I thought you said.
0.560 on the 18T wireless line.
As the plug gets thicker and thicker and thicker.
We got all this great radio talent in this market, man.
Hey, come and stick about that.
Here's a lady mobile in the keys.
Maybe even a real car.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, Neil.
How you doing?
I'm fine.
How are you?
Great.
I'm just glad to get these.
I wanted to tell you that I think you're wonderful and I love you.
What else can I say?
Okay.
And Neil, can I get a request possibly?
Maybe.
For my anus?
A request for your anus?
Yes.
Like maybe some KY or something?
Yes.
Okay.
That was a good.
Thanks, Neil.
You got it.
All right, honey.
Bye-bye.
567-0560.
She wants something for her anus.
And I'm sure there are plenty of people in the audience right now who have something in mind, but nevertheless.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Okay.
I have a little problem.
There you go.
That was short.
He's got a little problem.
The cap's given to tickets and then he says bulls.
He's trapped like that and he's gone.
You know, some of you people, some of you potty mouths up.
There's some of you goddamn.
567-0560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Don't you understand, sir?
You can't say crap on the radio.
What do I have to say to get through to you people?
You people, like Ross Piro used to say, which is why they finally kicked his little stupid ass out of there.
You people.
I realized that in your neighborhood mothers only have a word, but we can't say it, man, because it's America.
Because we've got the word police and the slip club police and a sex police and a pleasure police and a cigar-day police.
It won't be called me anymore cigar-day if I'm behalf of those other people.
Because you're the one that'll wind up with your ass in a ringer, okay?
And by the way, he won't smoke cigars.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hey, Neil.
How are you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
I like how these owners justify us subsidizing these stadiums saying that it improves the quality of life.
Now, that's the son-sidental said that the quality of life is so much so desperately improved by having major league baseball.
I'd like to show me, then to show me one way that the quality of anybody's life in this town is improved by having baseball here.
It brings community spirit.
I'll turn to the whole deal next to me.
There's thousands people there last night because the count has brought so much together.
And also, it generates a lot of new jobs for us, guys, jerk and sodas, too.
Incredible.
We're a lot of jerks, yeah.
That's my dish.
Idiot!
I'm gonna see later now.
Okay, thank you.
Yeah, that editor, I mean, I've saved that one.
About how baseball makes all the sense of the world.
I wonder what kind of scam they got going on there over there to send similar.
Because they in the hero, they never for anything unless they see something in the end for them.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
We're gonna eat something today or not.
I don't know.
I'm thinking about it.
Because unfortunately, our good close friends had dunk in donuts this morning,
which I always look forward on Friday mornings.
They come and bring in donuts and coffee for the morning, guys.
And they also bring in those breakfast sandwiches.
And I have them without the bread, without the bun.
I do my act in the least for a few minutes anyway.
I make it look good.
I had a perfect act in the yesterday, by the way.
Oh!
One day!
That's a start.
Keep it going.
Thanks.
Sell out.
Faggot.
Here's Jupiter.
Hello.
Look at her.
Oh, me?
Yes.
This is your mother.
Okay, great.
You're mama.
5, 6, 7, and you know, I love these people who do that.
And they wait.
And they wait.
And really what they're trying to say is they have nothing else going on in their lives.
Because they know they're gonna be on for like a fraction of a second.
And now he's squeezing himself and getting all excited.
And he's got their radio turned way up now.
Squared, squared.
See what I mean?
Didn't take long.
Oh, which brings us back to the call at the end of the show yesterday.
We may have to play that.
Well, we'll wait till Monday.
That was really interesting.
That's wacky Jackie.
He still has no life.
I used to see at least that people are consistent.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T Warrows line.
You wanted more.
And you got it.
The bad dog is back.
Singing more duet on the banded scene.
Volume 2.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Old number eighties.
It's back tearing off with the drapes.
Singing more pig hits.
Which even more are big size.
The bad dog does them all.
Baby, it's a pig.
Oh, right.
Right.
Uh-oh.
Oh, right.
Oh, right.
Oh, right.
Oh, right.
It's an all new British invasion with the bad dog.
Singing like a man.
I like it.
I like it.
The truth is finally out that you managed was the best.
You got to get in love and get in love.
Oh, you want to love the lad.
Now, your head's to save.
You always say he's gonna be us.
Hey!
Here's the bad dog's henner and touching tribute to the king.
Say it a little bit.
No, man.
It's a rat hat.
It's a rat.
It's a rat.
Baby, we do.
All right.
The bad dog was just a little endive when we asked him if he wanted to do it again.
Now, I don't think so.
So, we had looked at the rusty family and tell him either his brain or his signature would wind up on the contract.
That's some of the fish's cute.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
And it's the problem too.
A little now if you move quickly.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
Yeah.
I love the headline too.
I'm very jackass.
It's the story this morning about the mad dog.
It says Jim Manage is all right.
All right.
All right.
Nice going, Barry.
Even you can occasionally do something good.
Not too often.
Don't make a habit of it.
5, 6, 7, 8, and by the way, for those of you desperate, I was the making of the Britney Spears videos on MTV right now.
So, a little fake stuff.
You see what you want to know what Paul and Ron are really pissed off about?
I was the one who discovered that thing in her video.
Now, I'm going to show you how big that's become yesterday on TRL.
I'm surprised what he has mentioned is on TRL yesterday, Carson gets a letter from some viewer in California who points out that in the Britney Spears video,
there is this girl standing on the federal of the car scratching her crotch, picking it, diddling with it.
Now, how many weeks ago did I tell you?
I was the first one.
It goes to show I miss nothing.
Okay. I miss nothing.
If there's something perverted and sick and twisted going on, I'm all over it, so to speak.
And I pointed that out and it's amazing to me how many different people in this audience and people I know, we never saw that.
And even on TRL, which they've been playing that video every day for about 5,000 days now, they never saw it until this girl in California writes the letter and says,
I'm going to take a few of that and I showed it in slow mo and freeze frame last night on there and she's still picking it.
How do you like that? And the crocs too.
What are we going to eat by the way? We've got to get something that she wants to know.
Yeah. Well, what can he eat? He's got that delicate condition, you know?
He's got all better.
Sam told me he can only swallow limited quantities of limited things.
How about we haven't had Tony's in a while?
Well, I like to. You were full of crap. We haven't had Tony since Monday.
They're great. That's why we have them so often because we love our friend Brad and the price is right.
It's free and he loves us and don't stop me on the turn pack again mind your own business.
But yeah, we love him at the corner of one ninety third in Northwestern Avenue.
What you want? Just a bunch of their stuff. You know, a couple of pizzas and some stuff.
Do you want some sausage and onions?
No, no, just some, I'll just eat some toppings.
I'll just scrape it off the top. I'm used to doing that.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound, especially with the cheese.
Pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile invoker. Hello.
Good afternoon, I guess. Now Neil, how are you today?
When is to you, sir?
I was calling regarding morning radio down here. It's bad to say the best.
Yeah. I found one channel, our station that I like and that's with Bob and Tom and other.
Bob and Tom are great.
They are funny. I'll tell you. I laugh all the way to work. It's a great way to start the day.
Right. They're great.
And on another note here, I'm the hailed headline or article says something about
Jim Mandage getting more time on the radio.
Who in your eye has to think it is better at what they do.
Would you say Jim Mandage or Neil, Neil, Hank Gover?
I mean, they do totally different kind of a show, you know.
Well, you can't put me in that kind of a position. I'm going to like choose between the Humper and the Mad Dog.
Oh, come on. It'll be a great Friday show.
No, I'm not going to do that.
Okay. I like them both. I'm not going to do that. You're putting me in a very...
I'd like to see the Mad Dog in a morning show.
Well, that would be a good idea.
There you go. Okay, pal. Have a great day. But the Mad Dog is...
It points out... I always knew he was in the construction business, but it says in very
his article in Buria Course doesn't make any mistakes.
It says...
He's president of a mining based interior contracting company.
The Mad Dog is an interior decorator.
Yeah, all right.
No wonder he's always driving around with his windows down.
He's an interior decorator of the Mad Dog.
I mean, that's why he used to show it all those guys. Make it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60. I mean, the Mad Dog is great.
I just wish we had like three hours would be good for this show.
You know how they just move, fill back to three hours?
How's this?
Worst team in the morning, 6 to 9.
Neal 9 to Noom.
Mad Dog Noom, the three. Hank 3 to 6. Huh?
And then after that everybody eats dinner and goes out and does something anyway, gets laid.
Huh? That sounds good.
But he's pretty damn busy with that business.
I bet you've Greg Dangle a couple of million in front of the Mad Dog's.
Put that in my do it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
50, 05, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neal, how you doing? Great.
See, I talked about these two clowns.
I think both of them are Sunday school dropouts.
Yeah.
There's no way they've seen you with sawagrest because I've seen them walk into the copa.
Yeah.
So what do you think about those two guys?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
05, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's the mobile, mobile sunrise. Hello.
How you doing?
Okay, sir.
I hate that phrase.
What do you think about?
Anyway.
Yeah. What do you think about it?
Yeah.
As if he said something so profound that they're going to have an opinion.
One thing you'd mention Ross Pro.
I always say that someday if he's ever elected president, when he stands up to the podium,
he's going to pull his mask off and he'll be a little Japanese guy standing there.
Could be.
Or maybe a little Chinese guy.
There you go.
Anyway, I want to call somebody douchebag.
I can find any secret.
In fact, all the ancient Chinese secrets used to be modern American secrets.
But anyway.
Anyway, I want to call somebody douchebag and that's Mike Schneider over UTI in the closing department.
You're a douchebag.
Okay, so I'm going to close this.
Okay, see you.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
It's douchebag Friday, baby.
I don't give a crap.
I'm in a great mood today.
We got a free lunch coming any minute.
Do you talk to them already?
No, we're still discussing our order in here.
The clock is moving along real, real rapidly.
Nine minutes passed.
There's no, nothing I want to start getting pushy-ranting like that.
He'll eat whatever the hell we get.
He's going to sit in there, be choosy now.
Mr. Rockini, I think, because he keeps backing up on me.
Yeah, he'll eat whatever the hell we get and like it.
One thing about these people in this building, all the underlings in here,
oh, that's right, I forgot he runs the drone when Greg's out of town.
I forgot that.
Like I said, for the supervisory people, they can order whatever they want.
I forgot that.
Hey, by the way, I hate to break the news to you.
Yeah, we got some screwy salespeople and Greg is kind of a punts.
And we got some problems around here.
But I got news for you, Paul and Ron.
This is the greatest goddamn place to work in a world.
This job I ever had.
They leave you alone.
I told you that three, four months ago when Geldy straightened my ass out.
So to speak.
That's what they're jealous of, because we're over here doing great
and making serious money, kicking ass into ratings, having a good time.
Nobody standing over our shoulder.
Nobody doing any of the things that they lied about this morning.
And they're over there working for a bunch of putt whackers like Pete Boulder
and a goddamn fascist concentration camp known as Queer Channel.
That's what they're pissed off about.
He gave his left, not in half of his right one if he had one to be working over here,
Casper Nova.
That's why I was just pleading and begging his good, close personal friend, Peter Leonard.
Please, Peter, please.
Begging for Peter, baby.
I know what that's all about.
Look like the mouth of experience.
How much of this has been lots and lots of...
It's Britney and Melissa Joan Hart.
To sausage.
Anyway, it's green.
Where we going?
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
In that post, yes.
Hey, listen, I've later requested something for her rain.
I'm speaking for myself and some of the guys here online.
I think we can all accommodate her.
I'll catch your drift.
Hey, I feel her pain.
Let me ask you a question.
The other day, you said Phil had moved from our time 9 p.m. to midnight.
Is that true?
Right.
Why can't we not get him here for 560?
Exactly.
That's what I said.
I'm going to start a campaign right now.
That guy.
Let me tell you Phil had...
The problem is we got all these stupid ball games on there.
We got Marlon Games that interfere with that.
We're going to Panther Games.
We got her cool games.
It would be...
Listen, put your priority straight, Mr. Phil Henry.
We'll definitely bring in more revenue than any of those others.
Can you imagine the numbers we could have at night instead of trying to scrap for a little
a minuscule number of people?
If there were only 6,000 people who went to the Marlon Games last night, how many people could possibly be listening?
I wonder how many people actually had the pleasure of listening to Phil when he was on here.
I just cannot say enough of that, man.
Are you sure?
When he left, when he left and I'm thinking about what he did, you know, he's routine and all that.
For me to even try, I think George tried it one time when he was doing the...
When he sold out, yeah.
And George tried and it's hard.
It really is to do with...
He can't do it. George can't do it.
But he tried.
I mean, it was funny.
And he shouldn't have tried in the first place, but that will teach him.
He's trying to put some of the exact same things first.
But one other thing, what was I going to tell you?
As far as the arenas, I mean, are we going to have one arena in every corner?
Uh-huh.
It's ridiculous.
In fact, right next to the wall, green is there'll be an arena and then there'll be a stadium right next to every record.
So every alternate street corner on the other opposite sides of the road, there'll be one of each.
Yeah, ridiculous.
And one other thing, what were...
Brook Daniel's numbers.
What did she have?
The all-important, all-talented book Daniels.
The Great Brook Daniels?
Yes.
Let's see.
And they all depend on what demo, because they all stuck.
If you want to look at men, for example, 2554, which is our target demographic.
Hank had a 5.4.
I think between two and six, he had about a 5.7 or 5.8.
And she had... I'm on the third page.
Still can't fight it on the third page.
How do you like that?
I know it was an embarrassing, unbelievable drop.
On the fourth page, oh yeah.
In the fall book, Rickincert's had a 5.1.
She had a 1.7.
On the first page.
On a 50,000 watt station, a 1.7 share.
I'm surprised you got that much.
Yeah.
And don't forget, it's on the way down.
Oh really?
That's catching it in mid-air on the way down to the bottom.
Well, thank you.
All right, Neil.
Have a great day, pal.
Sit down, man. Take it easy.
You're lucky to have a 2 o'clock.
It does something for me, okay?
Nice to meet you on a bar, and I haven't even had lunch yet.
God is she bad.
She got broad.
Yeah, pay cheese up broad.
You have to be in center of broad is what you do if you were smart.
Get a one-way ticket.
Center to Istanbul.
Underline the last part.
5.6705.60.506.506.506.506.
You're going to have to be on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Hellendale.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yes, hang out.
Oh, it's the one, aren't you going to launch your broadcast?
You're showing Spanish.
See how you're reading through.
Uh-huh.
You think?
No.
Why do you want to...
You want to hear it in Spanish?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay, no.
The answer is...
No.
Which is...
I said that in Spanish, by the way, no.
No.
With a thrill on it.
Are you thrilled?
He's squeezing it.
5.6705.60.
Pond 5.60 on a mobile one line.
We seem to be doing okay in English, sir.
We seem to be squicking out some numbers,
aching out a meager modest existence,
doing it in English.
Okay?
No oblast banyola key.
Got it?
You understand?
No.
I'm sure you will.
As in...
5.6705.
5.6705.
By the way, I should mention again,
we're number one in Hispanic men 2554.
Not just a white cracker, guys,
and not just a few starches we got out there.
Number one in Hispanic men.
See, that's what Paul and Ron are upset about.
I got the men.
I got the men.
They don't even want the men,
and I got them.
5.6705.
What is that?
Gross Point, Michigan.
Michigan, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
This is a couple of times I called you.
How you doing?
Okay, you sound so depressed.
I'm not depressed.
You just sounded very down.
Maybe it's me.
Maybe I'm wound up on doggy uppers or something.
No, no.
You know that M&M guy is from Gross Point, isn't it?
He's gross, yeah.
Yeah.
And we just signed, I mean, you guys.
By the way, I hear the starches are starting to move in to Gross Point.
How do you like that?
That's the room where I'm here.
I just started that room with a day.
Yeah, well, that's good.
That's probably true.
Hey, we saw Tampa Bay just signed a Gross Point High School kid
to their hockey team, the Lightning.
Yeah.
And I was, weren't you up there several years ago?
What do you mean, broadcaster?
Well, they carried the show for a couple of years.
Yeah.
Was it disaster?
Was it?
The disaster.
Well, have you ever been to Tampa?
I haven't stayed there, no.
Oh, don't do it.
Do not do it.
Last time I was in Florida, I called you from plantation.
Most of the people in Tampa got like one eye in the middle of the forehead
and their ears were there, asked if it was supposed to be in its bizarre,
it's a strange place.
Is the Bay polluted?
Is the Pope but Jewish?
Hey, listen, I love your show.
I was wondering, are you jealous?
You're going to be on this satellite thing that the car companies are coming out
with, they'll be able to pick up radio stations via satellite.
So that-
Yeah, I read about that.
You're asking me if we're going to be on it?
Yeah, do you think your station would be on that?
I don't know.
I don't know.
Wouldn't it be great if it-
It would cost us money.
The answer is obviously-
No.
No chance.
But other than that, we'd be delighted.
If it didn't cost you money, you probably would kill the ratings up here
and be-
Take some time to read that.
That's right.
I'm on the audio net and I wish more and more people we need to put up big billboards
in all the major markets and people just on the internet would be listening to this show.
We get calls from-
And of course, if we had that toll-free internet number, which we'll never get.
No.
Well, that's all I listen.
And I still-
I'll listen.
Alright.
Thanks a-
Thank you.
How to dick.
Alright.
Okay.
Purtons.
And don't forget, movie critic Rex Reed.
He's obsessed with dick.
Huh?
He says it's great.
567.0560.
Pound 560 on the mobile one line.
So we got lunch coming from Brad.
I hope over Tony's.
Yes, we do.
It's about time.
I mean, if the nephew's got to put in a special order or something, uh, too bad.
We want lunch and we want it now.
By the way, whatever happened to my good close personal friend is going to be working for you next week.
Haven't seen him in a long time.
I think, uh, I think that somebody's got him, uh, doing some stuff on the side.
On somebody's side.
I don't want to say Jason.
Quit wearing that vest, Jason.
People are starting to talk.
Here's a mobile invoker.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil, your show's getting to be so boring.
Well, I got you a little bit more, pal.
Turn on to something good then, okay?
Turn on to the death channel.
It'll fit you like a T.
567.05.
And by the way, you know that voice?
Chronic.
Chronic.
0560 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in the land.
Tan.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Uh, Neil.
Yes.
A long time.
First time.
Uh-huh.
I was reading the Sunset in the morning and there was an article.
I thought it would really find hilarious.
It's, um, on five in the lifestyles page five in the lifestyles section.
Yeah.
Well, we're talking about a group of, uh, a little tribe of Vantu speaking smartness that are, uh, genetically related to the
Muzas and they practice that Judaism and they're actually, uh, Jewish, but they're smartness.
I got here somewhere.
And he's actually, uh, related to most of the old, uh, other hair.
The DNA confirms African Jews ancestry.
How do you like that?
Oh, yes.
Yeah.
So Muzas older brother was screwing around with smartness.
In fact, I think Bokeh Brown is going to be doing a bit coming up soon.
It's called all the, uh, all the, uh, shows are Jewish.
To the tune of, in fact, that would be a good tarman.
Of course, you don't have time for us anymore.
He's a big star now.
Can't you just hear that now?
How about that old guy that calls in that does the songs, you know, the one that you hate like poison?
That sings his corn ball songs?
Anyway, the Lemba, a Vantu speaking people of Southern Africa have a tradition that they were led out of Judeo,
but Judeo by a man named Bubba.
Or is that Bubba?
It's the one who got one B.
Bubba.
They practice circumcision, keep one day away coldly and avoid eating pork or pig-like animals.
Such as the hippopotamus.
They don't even eat no hippo.
The remarkable thing about the Lemba tradition is that it may be exactly right.
A team of geneticists has found that many Lemba men carry in their male chromosome a set of DNA sequences that is distinctive to the Kohanim,
the Jewish priest believed to be the descendants of Aaron Solomon.
How do you like that?
I would have sworn that I saw a hybnic in the Adorway there, but I sure must have been a mistake.
The priestly genetic signature is particularly common among Lemba men who belong to the senior of their 12 groups.
The Bubba clan.
It sounds like a Bubba mysy to me.
The discovery of the Lemba's Jewish ancestry has come about through the intertwining of two unusual strands of inquiry.
See, that's the problem with you Paul.
You're a dumb boy, that's the problem.
That's why you don't have the say-hole to do a really entertaining show.
You wouldn't know a Bubba mysy from a Bubba mysy from Bubba up there in the oral office.
That's the problem.
So how do you like this?
We got the Africans are Jewish.
Let's hear it.
So I say let's start splitting up.
Instead of worrying about the West Bank and all that little strip of desert, let's start splitting up Africa.
And give some of that land back to the Jews that it belongs to.
That's what we say.
Cut the crap.
Because after all some of the Africans are moving to gross point anyways what the last question.
56670560, 0.560 on the mobile one line.
What did hybnic want by the way?
What's he doing?
Paramarilist tickets.
Are you pardon?
He was wondering if there was a spare pair of marlins tickets for a Sunday.
From whom?
Do you have any?
I don't know.
I took them home.
I was bringing them back.
For any Sunday you mean?
This Sunday.
Well I'm not going to do that.
In other words I'm going to go home now and get them marlins tickets and bring them back.
Could you?
No.
No.
I could.
Can't keep this packer in his pants.
I'm Mary Sommard.
You know what?
You got me talking on the pension phone.
Tell me the story about how you got flown.
I got you down.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Holy cow.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
I'll tell you once more before I hang up the phone.
I got you down.
The lines are jammed up.
Yeah, there isn't a doubt.
Call up and tell me what it's all about.
I got you down.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Holy cow.
Oh, oh, oh.
I'll tell you once more before I hang up the phone.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
Here on the show there's a new topic each night.
Who do you have sex with with a black or through the white?
I got you down.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Holy cow.
I'll tell you what's more before I hang up the phone.
I got you down.
Bumperty 30560 W3M to Hank Wilberg.
Sure with two Donnie B talking baseball six.
After that it's the Marlon game you're on your own.
Marlon's in the who play now this week.
Colorado Rockies, Jim Malielins back in town.
Huh?
Anybody excited about that?
No.
He is anybody else?
No.
Okay.
5667 0560 pound 560 on a mobile one line.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Miami?
Nami?
Nobody there.
Okay, mobile in what does that say?
Hi, Leah.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neon.
How you doing?
Okay.
We asked a subject you just talked about.
I'm half Cuban.
I'm half Jewish.
But they don't have Jewish because I don't practice Judaism.
But they're saying that Africans are linked by DNAs.
That means Jewish is a race.
Yeah.
Because of that case I got to find my mole because you shouldn't cook it.
Oh, nice.
I hate when that happens.
Okay, pal.
Thank you.
Dig it.
It's a Saigazund.
Whatever that means.
5667 0560 pound 560 on a mobile one line.
As we hit that middle of the lunch hour brick wall again.
Oh, boy.
That's okay.
Our lunch is on a wave very well.
Why do I smell soap?
It smells like something.
I hope they don't drop it.
Can't you smell it?
It smells like soap.
Oh, maybe it was...
Here's one of the events.
What?
I think it's an event.
Hollywood.
Hello.
Yes, it's Joe.
How you doing?
Okay, Joe.
Listen, did you hear the story about the SEC relaxing the standards for television?
Are they going to kind of do what they did with radio where you can large networks can now
own several different stations in the same market?
Isn't that great?
Did you hear that?
No.
How that happened yesterday at CNBC had a whole big thing about it.
Maybe Ed Anson can buy another half a dozen stations and they can be hyperventilating all over the village.
Yeah, there's a lot of redundancy.
Even in this market, you know that.
So it would be interesting to see maybe we'll get rid of somebody's questionable talent like Angela Ray, maybe whatever.
So that's about it.
Okay.
All right, talk to you later.
Have a great day.
Angela Ray, boy, she's a little bit of a lip problem.
56670561 call left at the board.
What would be ashamed if we had it like we progressed the music here on the Friday,
but we were going along so well, building something tremendous momentum,
and then all of a sudden just disappears like somebody pulled a plug.
56670560, pound 560 on our mobile one line.
I may maybe I'll take the time to read that thing by what's in there, and it's a rising girl.
Who ordinarily writes a really marginal column in the hero, but this morning hits it right on the old head.
If we can still say that, can we say head?
No.
I'm sorry.
Got right to the point is what I meant.
Here's a mobile and four-letter mail.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
A question about that article you just read.
Could be politically correct.
Are those people now, uh, unit schwarzes or schwarze a dick of yud?
Uh-huh.
We'll check.
We'll check with the rebel.
Okay.
Get out of here.
Another guy with no material.
Here's a mobile and aventure.
Hello.
Yeah.
How are you doing?
Okay, sir.
Great deal.
Anyhow, what's the controversy with Ron and Paul?
I mean, uh, I don't know.
I tuned in late.
What is the controversy?
Yeah.
I heard the news that they started a song and dance with the Schwoagriffin from Power 96.
Yes, today, ripping her for being on a psychic hotline.
And saying that she's got those screw pulls and she's, uh, you know, has no, uh, uh, integrity
because she's selling out with a crack psychically.
So she called them up on the year, ripped them and asked rightfully so, and pointed out that they're jealous that she's making all that money.
And that they also show for a lot of stuff that may be marginal.
And, uh, then we played the call on the year on this show and I ripped them with deservedly so.
So then they evidently spent most of their show this morning ripping me, making up hysterical stories about how Paul ran into me at the Sogras last night.
And I told him it's only a radio show and I haven't been at the Sogras in ages, haven't seen Castan over in years.
And when a big song of dance about how our ratings are in the toilet and just one lie after another, the word you're looking for is desperate.
That's, that's, there you go.
I want to say I had to call you because two months on the act ends up 25 pounds.
All right.
Keep it up.
By the way, wasn't Tony Martin here five years ago and he didn't do nothing?
What do we, he didn't do nothing?
As a player, I thought he was good.
I was very upset when I got rid of Tony Martin.
I don't remember it.
I don't know what the magic's supposed to be that's that, but anyway.
Now we'll open up a, a laundry is what I hear.
If it don't work out, five six seven, oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one lie.
Oh my, this man is out of control here.
Look at this.
Hey, you know, you got Bill Griffith right now sitting in your backyard there in South Beach.
Is he talking about the sun glass hot?
Oh, I'm not watching your channel right now.
Well, that's wrong with the neo-Rodger showed it.
No, it's not what's wrong with that.
That's what's great with it.
I were watching Britney Spears naked and I don't even care about that.
Oh, look at that.
Here's something I would say that's not Bill Griffith.
Bill, that's the chairman of the sun glass.
Look at Bill's legs.
You see that?
And what did you not like?
Well, it's hard not to like, uh, several things.
I don't want to look at Bill's legs.
You see, I mean, it would lunches on the way.
You're going to get me to lose my appetite.
God.
So what's going on, Ted?
Uh, last time we chatted, you said something about you didn't want to bust my chops.
But next time you talked to me, you'll ask and then, uh, and then you didn't finish it.
86 and 3-quarters on AOL.
It was down as low as 80 yesterday.
How do you like that?
Didn't I tell you to stay off of that thing?
You did?
I did.
I don't know.
We'll see you have a, this guy's got Alzheimer's, Ted David.
That's why it's good to talk to him.
He forgets what I told him a couple of days ago.
That's right.
No, I didn't.
What did you say?
I don't know what I said either.
How many experts and mavens I talked to every day?
And you know what every one of them knows?
That's what they know.
Absolutely nothing.
Uh, come on.
They go, boom, boom, boom, like that.
Put a beat, put a beat, put a beat, put a beat, and, uh, you know, it's a dog and pony show.
I was up on your website and I realized all those drops are available.
Yeah.
We may have to use some of them with your permission.
Well, you promised to start doing that the other day.
It's yours how it's splashed up some of those shows.
Firstly, and now you listen, you need to get some laughter out of the investors now.
Hey, listen, can I ask you a question with the risk of boring the rest of your audience?
Go ahead.
They don't care.
I was always fascinated by those.
They're here too. They're already bored.
The two, the Oy and the Roy.
Uh, what is Roy?
Roy.
Thank you.
And then, you know, and I started doing that around the house.
Roy, no, I'm not going to be the, what the, what is the genesis of that?
Of what?
Who is that?
What's it all about?
Who is Roy?
Roy.
And then when we went to, uh, when the station on IOD was sold a Paxon.
Right.
And they had an engineer whose name was Roy.
And he was a real, uh, like most engineers, he was a real bizarre individual.
And, uh, we, we, we saw the guy that did the...
Oh, my goodness.
Like Lewis who did that.
Lewis.
And then we came over here.
And of course one of our salespeople, one of our face people, is the former dolphin in the superstar
Roy Foster.
Roy.
So it kind of fit right in and we had brought it along.
Okay.
Who, by the way, uh, rocker is good buddies with OJ Simpson.
I just thought he ought to know that.
Yeah. Well, that, I, I, I am to enjoy that.
And also I had my 14 year old now singing that old bit.
You did the Brian Cox and the rest of them, saying that that was one of my...
The one that we got fined by the FCC four reason.
Yeah.
That we've only been playing like seven or eight years.
That is one of my favorite bits of all time.
Oh, right.
I don't want to go that way out, but they're one of the airport.
And you had them on and I punched that a little like a thick phone in my briefcase.
I reported it.
I still have it at home and I listened to it at least once a week for a chuckle.
Yeah, I'm glad you told me that though, because when the hearing comes up with the FCC,
I'm going to make sure that our FCC attorneys tell them up there in Washington.
And Ted David at CNBC loves that bit, finds the, uh, brain, and that'll probably get us off the hook.
I will certainly appreciate having my name read into the record.
There you go.
Well, I'm going to leave you to, uh, on the rest of the afternoon, just to point here,
Bill Griffith, in South Beach, on CNBC, to Dow's down 60 to the Aztecs,
up three in the 30-year bond is yielding 6.13%.
And all of that is exactly what we're going back to MTV.
Thank you.
There you go. Take care.
As they say, it's all Zine McLeck.
In Zagazone.
Bye-bye.
Okay.
Oh!
Well, he is obsessed out of control of the great Ted David at CNBC.
How do you like that?
A maniac.
I guarantee he ain't called that morning show on Zeta.
Oh!
No chance.
Call those losers as well.
I'm so glad we got a man of high principle like Ron Brewer on here in this town.
That's what I'm excited about.
A man who never not only stole a freight train, but never could tell you a straight store without looking at the ceiling.
Why do you best be told in how sculta lets you know?
Fort, Fort, Fort, Fort, Fort.
I can't wait.
I got it.
I put some no-go dust around.
I can't feel my back too slow.
Yeah, I hate to tell you so.
I can't wait.
I call the cow.
Anyok.
I'm down there on my hand and leave.
Oh!
Let's go gather tiny streets.
You best hold over in this bath.
Or why don't you set that seat down?
So in my bladder will explode.
I can't wait.
I call the cow.
1245 at 560 WQM.
Earl of Pearl was just down here.
Do you remember him?
No.
Yeah, he's a good guy.
Just to stuck his nose in the door, I think I'll say is that we're all getting older.
Well, when you don't see somebody like that for a long time and they come in, I mean, it's good to see him, but we're all getting old.
Anyway, so here's this great column because the phones are dying anyway.
It's about time we got to this.
It'll kill some really good time, but it's great.
Nice going to Ryzenger, whoever you are at the Harold.
School board now, sex police.
The Broward school board having poked its nose where it doesn't belong has gotten its whiskers caught in the ringer
by suspending two teachers without pay because they were found in a private sex club.
Let me say that word again, a little louder.
Private.
The board should now extricate itself as delicately as possible.
It can do this by heating Miriam Ola fans call for reconsidering this we say to one vote to suspend without pay.
While I'm either sexual saint or swing or I'm a Paul that the board would in effect vote to fire two consenting adults who were acting in private on their own time.
One teacher was having sex with his own wife for quite a lot and isn't even charged.
Of course, I'm also a Paul that Broward sheer of Ken Jenning and his troops had nothing better to do six months ago than raid members only swingers club than four-larter-dail and pompano.
Broward has got enough violent and white collar crime with real victims that private sex clubs rank very low on my priority list of problems, she says.
But raid they did finding no prostitution, no drug rings, but embarrassing themselves mightily.
Among the 55 arrested were one cop, one jail guard, and the wife of the sheriff's office employee.
Plus, these two teachers who by the board's public action Tuesday have now been humiliated beyond belief.
Trashing around for a charge, VSO cited most of those arrested, including one teacher with lured conduct.
That brings up a new twist of the old pre-falling in the fourth puzzle.
If a sexual act occurs in private between consenting adults, can the act be lured?
Doesn't lured necessarily mean that someone present had to be offended or have their rights infringed upon?
If such acts are not considered lured in the privacy of our homes or hotel rooms, then why would they be deemed lured in a private club, she acts.
Howard Simon, executive director of the ACLU in Florida, finds the school board's actions very troubling.
It's inconsistent when prison guards at Stark are suspended with pay while being investigated in the murder of an inmate, but these teachers lose their pay for acts committed in private.
What kind of messages government sending?
For its part, the school board is relying on the right to fire for act of moral turpitude, turpitude, turpentine.
Simon recalled another era when firing teachers on moral grounds included being gay or being unmarried impregnant or being a member of an unpopular political party.
That would be unthinkable, today, he said.
And so should firing them for private consensual sex.
If the teachers had committed a lured act in school or in public or with students out of school, that to me could be an act of moral turpitude.
Or a might seem moral turpitude if one of them had sexually harassed an employee as principal John Smith was accused of doing nearly two years ago when he allegedly gave a Victoria Secret Sat in Rob, a sex to an adult video to an un receptive teacher.
The school board kept Smith on the payroll for 18 months in an out of school post, then allowed him to resign with his pension.
One hit pockersy, the board condoned such behavior from a principal, but now intrudes on two teachers' private sex lives.
At the very least, the board should reinstate the teacher was not charged and suspend with pay the teacher was charged until her case had decided in court.
To do otherwise is to stick its nose where clearly he doesn't belong.
Nice going, so great column.
Beauty.
And then the hero's got this big thing into Broward's section, this big article about this tip that led to the suspension of the two teachers and caused the BSO to put on this big dog and pony show for the benefit of the media cameras, which they invited into tape it.
And this outbursts the thing that they do now in the herbal they called in or facts in your comment, whatever the issue is.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, eight, about the 20 responses here.
I would say about 15 of them are in support of the teachers and really a gas at the BSO and all this crap and the school board.
One of them, for example, saying, I'm the mother of three children grown.
I think what the hero does done by publishing the names of these teachers is an absolute disgrace.
They went to a place that is not illegal. It hasn't been closed up. I think it's horrible that the reputation has been ruined.
And then also there are letters like this one.
That is ridiculous that those people think that they're okay by going to a sex club.
That's a sense of perversion and we don't want that around our kids.
Because they get tired of the sex clubs and then what, then they're going to event on our children.
Question mark, there's a brilliant letter.
Consenting adults having sex in private, if they close up the club they're going to start molesting children.
That's a logical progression. Right.
560, 7.0560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile and coconut creek. Hello.
Hey, Neil, what's going on? I'm in too much pal.
Hey, I was thinking the same thing about those teachers.
I mean, with their kids getting past and grades in their classes, I mean, with a molesting or children in their classes, I hope not.
But I don't think they were. And you know, it's crazy.
And that Paul Caston-Noble, this is those guys anyway, man.
Anybody with any senselessness at the bottom of the town and the morning anyhow?
There you go.
And those guys are great, man. They mention you every once in a while, friends of the show and all that good stuff.
Really? Yeah.
Are you serious?
About six months ago, I said Neil Rodgers, friends of the show.
All right. Love that Bob and Tom. They're the best, baby. They blow Howard away and certainly Paul and Ron, right?
I mean, they're like minor league kindergarten.
Yeah, those guys are, I used to listen to them, but they never knew there was nothing else to listen to.
Yeah. They listen. Got call from dispatch.
Yes, sir. Hey, Paul and Ron and Dougie, you're a douchebag.
Okay, see ya.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, six, eight. We got 16, 1700 open lines here. Another hour, nine minutes to go.
I don't think we're going to see two o'clock, baby.
I have a feeling we're closing up shop here right after lunch, which better be real soon, by the way.
I don't want to get pushy, but God, I'm starving over here.
Diane.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, six, eight, pound, five, six, eight.
On a mobile one line, and we even pay for it. There's still no takers, huh?
Here's a mobile in Kendall. Hello.
Yeah, good afternoon, now.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, you were talking about that, things with the teachers and all that.
I had myself frequented one of those clubs down there, Dini's Hideaway.
Oh, my God.
Yeah.
And, you know, I tell you why, there was all consenting adults.
There was no force sex. Everybody did what they wanted to do.
And, you know, basically, I think it was more of people just, you know, doing voyeurism than anything.
And I can't understand why that, you know, it's like they're on a crusade, just like when that old sheriff
forget his name, what was his name?
The moral.
Right, right.
The same thing that they're trying to, I don't know, is an election year or something that this guy's trying to...
Well, I don't know, I forget this year, but the fact is that Ken Jenny has got his eyes set on higher sites.
In other words, he's only, you know, just passing through in the night.
He wants to be a senator, he wants to be governor, he wants to be something.
So, again, this is what they always do.
They always try to pander to the old parts, this idea.
Oh, we're the great moralists, then we're going to clean up all of this crap.
In the meantime, what most sensible people want is clean up the crime and making the street safe.
And forget about what consenting adults are doing in a private club or in your home or any other guy, damn place.
Right, right. Well, that's just like, what was that? That commissioner, the one that got caught with Kathy Willett, he was also a crusader there.
Right, that's right.
And, you know, remember his...
Doug Goer and Harry Potter, or Doug Goer.
Or Doug Goer, whatever it was, yeah.
Also, I just changed the subject.
I know you're a big cigar smoker.
What type of cigar do you recommend?
I like the Pradoomo Reserve, the X.
Who makes that?
Nick.
Oh, Nick. What about like party guests or a mac and new door or all those?
Yeah, they're, you know, if it's a mind thing, you know, it's very expensive and they're okay.
But, uh...
Do you think what, they're overpriced?
Overpriced exactly, right.
Well, now when you're talking about, like, Nick, what are you speaking out of the spars, like, money-wise for a box or, you know, that's usually the way I buy the cigars.
Now, see, now you're out of my league, because when you get your cigars for free, I don't know.
How about...
How about...
How about you have an answer, George?
Do you have any idea how much, like, for a box of Pradoomo reserves?
100 bucks for 100 bucks.
100 bucks, I don't know.
Oh, that's not bad.
That's pretty reasonable.
No, not bad.
I know years ago you used to have a debut with my sister.
I occasionally sit next to you next to the dolphin games.
But I didn't have a dispute with your sister.
Did I have a sister?
Well, I was just a friend of you.
That was just a friend of you.
That was just for fun.
She was great.
Yeah, no, I'll see.
It could be a ball bluster.
Yeah, I think that could be like a jack-wrap.
Up and down, up and down.
Exactly.
She's okay.
All right.
Have a good day.
Backly, sir.
All right.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
By the way, my go to those games anymore.
No.
I had great seats right there on the 50-R line.
But it starts getting a little bit, you know.
A lot of drunks, a lot of slabs out there at those ball games.
You sit home, you watch it for free in the company or living room.
You give the tickets away to somebody you appreciate it.
Like Port Joe Costello or anybody else who needs some free tickets.
I would have been very glad to give hidden tickets for that Sunday's game.
But sorry, heavy.
No God.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, me, how you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
It's morning.
I heard a little bit of insight on Larry King.
Have you heard about him in any co-facts?
What does that mean?
Yeah.
According to I heard this morning when the song shows, Larry King wrote in a story
that he grew up with any co-facts and they, the old Charles' friend and they...
I've been doing this a long time.
How's that possible?
Is he any co-facts?
How do you mean in New York?
I have no idea.
But this was a little bit of a key word in his book.
And an ass in a co-facts about this, he says,
who's Larry King?
I have no idea who's Larry King.
Exactly, that's typical.
He's a bull-crap artist.
He's an ass.
He's a bull-crap artist.
But he was going to talk about how they used to argue about the best-fair ice cream.
And then, you said one day they did it as a feed corner.
He was a friend.
I guess they were in high school at the time.
And I want to see who's the strongest and the most anatomical one of those bus times.
Apparently, back then, the bus signs were weighted down by those comfy blocks.
Right.
And he wrote his book that a couple of football players,
hoist about four or five times,
but that's any kind of a little bit of a ten times and he walked away.
But I thought it was funny that he had no idea who...
Okay, five-six...
Five-six-seven-oh-five-six,
you want to make sure in pound five-six,
you had a mobile one line.
Whatever you say, pal.
And then, then, do it best.
Let's go to a mobile in Highly, a hello.
And you?
Yes, sir.
You know what the bottom line is?
Nobody cares, buddy.
Nobody.
About what?
About that they walk right over you.
Yeah.
About what?
You know what this teacher issue.
You know, people should be up on our own thing.
What do they care?
It's our privacy.
Okay, I'll tell you what this audience doesn't care.
I talked about this a couple of times in the last two years about the swing clubs
and about the raids.
Never get any calls.
And most of the people who go there are terrified to have their voice on here.
Yesterday, we did get a couple of calls.
The guy that runs the Trap P's too.
And then, we had one other guy that even put his first name on here
that goes there in frequency joint.
But most people at one of those places are so terrified
because America has been brainwashed in believing that anybody who's doing sex anywhere,
it's dirty and evil and disgusting.
And so, there's no constituency that's visible.
Right here, it's not that the issue.
I mean, it could be anything you do in private.
That's bad or whatever you want to do.
There's nobody cares, Neil.
Nobody cares.
Oh, yeah.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
Did he say that more than once, I think?
Uh-huh.
Yeah, nobody cares.
You're right, pal, but we already know that.
I want to give you a hand.
My family, who's bothered to have a hand.
What the fun?
Back to two hours.
Okay, what a clown.
I'm going to do it.
He's WQM.
We got Hank Goldberg coming over to.
Well, I'm just WQM, Fagline.
Yes, I'd like to talk to Neil.
Oh, this is not him.
Okay, hold on.
Damn it.
I hate when that happens, you know?
But we're going to give that number, I'm sorry.
Give this to him.
What problem?
Uh-huh.
What is this?
That is a guy that you make fun of.
Now let me, you hung up on this guy just to clear that line.
Is that what you did that?
Yeah, you liked this guy.
That's not good.
WQM, Fagline.
You're going to shine how it shoes, you'll fag it.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's right.
Yeah.
Keep mentioning how it's staring.
You're going to shine as shoe.
Yeah.
And with the wire you're listening.
You suck.
Yeah.
Okay, so let's give that guy's number on here now.
What is it?
That I've only a desperate, nine five to four.
So if he came here from New York, he was such a loser
and they kicked him out of the city.
Twelve million people, but there was no room for him.
And he came down here and nobody got to talk to him.
So maybe you can call him and keep him busy today
because he just said crap on here.
We had to dump it.
Nine five four one.
Two nine five.
Two nine five.
Two two four one.
Two two four one.
Nine five four.
Two nine five.
Twenty two forty one.
Maybe you can talk about Howard with this guy
and you should compare notes.
I can take a few times.
I'll take one.
I'm gonna think because you suck.
Yeah, you got to talk.
That is the guy that you may find.
At the seas you're wearing a beadal.
They come in all sizes and they range from Mickey Martin to
Wonderfall.
I'm with the trans and sight.
That was the specific one.
Right.
One or three at five sixty WQA.
I love guys like that.
I love the sound of the venom.
Or like the one guy says,
you can hear the venom in his voice.
The pissed off and fired up guy.
That red neck.
That Yahoo, that cracker.
That's simple.
Okay, let's go to a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello Neil.
Yes, sir.
I've been a failed catcher novelist
and I've been a failed catcher for a couple of years.
When I heard that this morning, I turned it off.
I go pissed off and fired up and I started listening to
Rick and Spud began.
There you go.
All right.
Oh.
Oh.
Well, I mean, he can rip me all he wants.
I don't care about that.
I mean, I've been ripped for 23 years.
But at least don't come on here and lie and make up all kinds of stories about the ratings
and about where I was at the saw grad.
And then, well, what is the point?
In other words, when you have nothing, none of the effect on your side, when you have no numbers on your side,
I guess you have to make up a bunch of crap.
You got it.
Okay, pal.
Thank you.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pal.
Don't forget Rick and Spud's 940 on a dial, baby, every morning.
With all due respect to the worst team, I mean, if you're a sports nerd, you'll listen to the worst team if you're desperate.
And of course, if you're not, 60 to 10 a.m. 940 on a dial, Rick and Spud.
I love this show.
Right.
Craig Worthing, 1580 on a dial.
I don't know what time Craig is on.
6 to 9, 7 to 10, 6 to 10.
I don't know.
1580 on.
And, you know, there's got to be some radio for those old parts.
And I don't mean that there's a shot of Craig.
It's just that for whatever reason, those old people, they've stuck with him through the years.
Hello Craig.
I've got cancer of the atonail.
Well, that was depressing last night, Norm.
That was depressing.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's a mobile endpoint in V.
Hello.
Hey, Neal, how you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
For the last 20 years, as far as I've been sitting back just being entertained and I've
spelled them call, all right.
The seller that was asking about this to guard, I just had to get some input.
Because this Tuesday morning, after reading that article about the swing club, I went with my wife up.
We went out and renewed our passport.
Make sure we're going to be able to leave this country any time we have to.
We left that.
And then, I went down to Nick.
Right.
Now, because of your recommendation, I've tried to put Donald Reserve X.
I think it's excellent that the thing that really makes me keep going back and buy it is everything I smoke.
My wife says, this is the ones that guard that doesn't offend her when we do what we do.
So, you know, I have to keep buying those.
I think it's a great cigar.
I love it.
Remember it took out the wonderful, your bought a box.
And with the Tuesday Wednesday discount, I walked out of there 25 sticks in a box, that $174.
Oh, now she also, and if he goes out there and buys that other commercial stuff,
that's way overpriced, especially when you compare it to Nick's quality.
He's an idiot.
You've got to go down there.
I mean, he just, they, not one say's an idiot, but he just is brainwashed and believe in that,
you've got to pay an arm in a leg to get a good cigar because it's got a big fancy, fancy name like that.
And that's why people, as soon as they go down to next, they get turned out with so much because they have great cigars.
And they don't have to pay all that money.
Wonderful, beautiful debt.
We're also giving you a couple of samples of the Pardomal Square, the Cameroon.
And it's a wonderful, wonderful cigar.
I think it's wonderful.
Two weeks, from this week, when I go down there again, I'm probably going to get a box of each.
Beauty.
Thank you for your recommendation, Neil, and you are God.
And have a great weekend.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and that guy's in pointin' beach.
He'd go all the way down to the Dimaiani.
Nice going, sir.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Once can't be far away.
Kenneth? Kenneth?
Oh, don't say that.
I thought I wanted to get pushy because we love Brad's and they take their time to send the very best, et cetera, and so on.
Where is it?
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm a rock-and-sign, just to call the few call facts.
Which one?
I had so many.
No, the one about the Larry King story.
Yeah.
He was listening to Howard show this morning, and that was a year old show.
Howard's on the cake.
Oh, no.
The story is so old.
About the Sandy call facts.
I mean, people that don't realize they're listening to a tape story.
Uh-huh.
Yes.
The Ken Jen thing.
This man definitely, you hit it right on the head.
This man definitely has other aspirations.
Oh, yeah.
That's not just my opinion.
I mean, that's an established strategy.
Everybody knows that.
Exactly.
I have a friend that's very high up in the Fort Lauderdale Police Department, and his aspiration is, by the way, they hate them like poison.
They hate Ken Jen like poison.
Right.
Uh, is that the first to be mayor of Frower County?
And then who knows from there on?
Probably to send it and go for a bit, uh, you know, uh, something higher up.
I think next, I know that now that this thing is causing so much to wear the swing clubs, I think.
Uh, he's getting so much press out of it.
He probably next will move to make sex illegal in your homes for considing it on.
Well, let me, let me say it out.
Well, it's very at least a force of the Sodomy laws on the books, so that if anybody's caught doing anything, even in the privacy of their home,
other than missionary position, face the post that they're going straight to jail.
It's disgusting.
I mean, this man invaded a private club, and, uh, basically, these people weren't doing anything wrong.
Now, I'm not in favor of Lauderdale.
I think people sue people too often, but this one would really be handy, where, if, uh, these teachers were able to sue the county of Frower.
Yeah.
Where it used law suit, uh, and eventually stopped putting, you know, a stop on a stop to this kind of invasion.
I mean, you know, this guy did it with the cruise ships, uh, you know, confiscating the fly machines.
I mean, when is it going to stop?
Yeah, that's your work out.
Good. Then that worked out great.
He went up in his face to had to spend tax payer money, do you go through that big exercise, and then go through another exercise.
He slup at all the machines back.
That was good.
How often is this guy going to screw up and waste taxpayers money on trivial things, and not even a legal thing?
Hopefully, often enough to make sure we don't get elected and his next, whatever he runs for.
Well, you know, I mean, first of all, as far as the swing clubs, I don't, I personally do not, uh, I don't condemn anybody that will go to them.
It's their business.
I mean, whatever anybody wants to do for fun as long as it's not illegal.
However, what do you, if you wanted to free one of these clubs, what about the fear that, you know, if you're in there on a weekend, and they get rated, and your application is shot.
Well, that's the idea. That's, that's, this is the way they close down adult businesses.
If they go in there and they raid and they raid and they make, they make the clientele and potential clientele paranoid and terrified so that, you know, they stop doing business, and then eventually they go bust anyway.
So that's, that's the whole idea.
Well, these Nazi tactics have to stop. And like I said, I think a huge loss would help it.
I don't know how a lawyer hasn't picked up on this and gone after them.
Also, one of the things in closing, I'm a fan of season ticket holder. I'm very, I'm pleased to know that we don't have to go in any sort of to make the playoffs next year.
Right.
That article that he wrote.
Good news is by the new year, by the end of the millennium, or at least supposedly the end, the morris will be long gone.
I should, I should only list so long to see that.
So let's say a prayer.
Thanks, yeah.
10 times one at 560.
Goodbye, Brian.
Marie and take Terry with you to okay with a banjo on your knee because they have done nothing.
Nothing.
Zippity, dude.
I was zero.
I mean, at latest, but trade a fifth round draft pick for this check who's supposed to be so great.
And is he coming here?
No.
No.
Offer him a big deal.
Is he coming?
No.
He's still ain't coming.
Nice going, Brian.
It just always keeps blowing up at our face.
It just, I know.
I looked up cranium.
In theaters now, from the director of Star Trek and the producer of The Spy, who shag me.
It's The Spy, who shags spot who want to make you horny.
Sir, would you mind explaining that season, please?
Who want to make you horny baby?
Yes, you are.
Fascinating.
And that's quite impossible.
You, really, baby.
And as for my anatomy, being different from yours, I am delighted.
Well, they're astronomical, believe it.
Very long, and judging from what we've seen so far, I agree.
Very happy.
Hey.
The Spy, who shags spot.
Shall we shag now?
Shall we shag now?
I wonder what Star Trek command will say about that.
Live long and prosper.
Yeah, baby.
So Greg Reats says, nice comment, Barry.
I do not return your calls anymore.
Okay, you jackass, you put Wacker.
He's an asshole.
He said about Barry jackass.
Yeah, hang on, give me a hand with that, would you?
567, 0560, 0560, on the AT&T wireless line.
And he also says, by the way, are we hiring podcasts from over here?
No.
No, that's what he said.
I mean, you talk about stupidity.
The guy gets the worst team, and I'm making this a beef host, didn't know how late this morning,
a quarter to ten, and he said to me, he said, even we beat them out on the worst team,
he said that's the ultimate slap in the face.
And that's the truth that he's calling here.
Oh, he wants the job, he wants the job.
I mean, if I were for Clear Channel, I'd be calling...
I'd be looking at an yellow pages for radio stations that aren't even on the air yet, like Waffen.
I'd be calling them.
Will they hire him?
No.
567, 0560, 0560, on the AT&T wireless.
So anyway, I saw Greg at the Saga Rast last night.
Yeah.
Let's just start making up a bunch of crap, okay?
I mean, who cares about credibility?
You've only been on the air 100 years in the market?
Why, uh, worry about it.
Pudwacker.
Pudgy Pudwacker, right, Paul?
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
Great.
Uh, it's a fire report for you.
Yes.
At the, uh, Wamy Fall PV party last night, uh, Brook Daniels was there, schlepping around.
Wamy!
You got it, suck.
Yeah.
Swapping around for what?
Swapping around, I don't know.
She was just drinking some more tea.
And I guess, I'm trying to get on the camera.
You know how that works?
Oh, yeah, that'll do it.
That'll be the nail on her coffin.
Anybody sees that, bitch.
Exactly.
She's looking bigger, too.
Just let me tell you.
Thanks for the good news.
Thank you, my friend.
Okay.
Maybe she shared that bicycle pump.
Bracken.
Yeah, with Paul.
Yeah, George, we just described it cast her own.
Because I haven't seen him in so long.
I just, I've mentioned during the break.
I said, if he walked in now, I wouldn't recognize him.
And you just went on and on.
Apparently, the aforementioned sales person was not the only person
that he approached to approach Greg on his behalf.
All right.
So according to Greg.
So this is right from our general manager's mouth.
Not just some bizarre guy like Paul Peter Leonard or whatever
is his Peter Paul and Leonard.
There are other people here who, Paul Castron,
over try to have intercede on his behalf.
That Greg Reed meet with him to try to get three different jobs.
To try to get away the guys from Beefle and Joe Rose,
the little dog and my good friend, Jelie there in the morning.
Are we going to hire this guy?
No.
No.
That's why he's so desperate, huh?
I think Beefle had a point.
You get beat up by the worst team on an AM radio station
that does no promotion zero, counter it with your fingers.
Okay.
But if you even have no hand, you can still count zero.
And he's honored with a big song of dance.
Buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh.
And let me tell you something, sweetheart.
Schwal Griffin's got more class in her little finger.
Believe me, even her fingers are fat.
If you've got more class in her little finger,
then you've gotten your whole big chubby body, okay?
Mr. Hot Shot, Mr. Goody Tushos, Mr. Super Moralist,
who's better than all the rest of us.
I'll see you at the Pussycat, okay, sweetheart?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Naples. Hello?
The Pussycat.
Speak to me, sir. Is that possible or not?
No, I'm very just repeating what I just said.
Oh, I said, what's the Pussycat?
Oh, yeah. Is he dead, Tom Jeff?
The color before, you know.
He's still dead.
He's still... The color before, first of all, Howard was alive this morning.
This guy was probably in the weeds.
Okay, the Larry...
Oh, are we going back to...
Okay, have a nice day, pal.
Whatever you drink, and...
Send some over.
Send some media.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 50, 05, 50 on the AT&T wireless line.
Oh, man. They're doing in Naples, baby.
Yeah. They're smoking a good stuff.
Yeah, Naples.
To celebrate those big ratings the beesleys had.
How do you like that?
So now the plot starts to thicken, okay?
I'd like to have you deny that on a year on Monday.
Just like maybe the queer channel people will deny
that they had the cigar date call me at home about three weeks ago.
Oh, yeah. Well, they'd like to have you back.
And they're interested in...
Yeah, they're interested in trying to remake what they destroyed into our part.
That's what they're interested in doing.
Is it going to happen?
No.
Yeah, they like to make INC what IOD used to be.
Right.
Yeah, that's like blown up your house with dynamite.
And then a few days later saying, you know, I really like to sit here
and watch my house become what it used to be.
Yeah. Good luck to you.
Especially with all that great town you got over the air on the year after 10 in the morning.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Well, you know, yeah, I said it's kind of tough when you could beat up by Dr. Laura in the ratings.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Mobile in Miami.
You know, this whole sex club thing is really great, you know?
I think that we're teaching the kids the wrong thing.
We're teaching kids that sex is bad.
Who wants a bunch of 20-20-year-olds walking around the street looking for a way to vent their frustration?
For God's sake.
Yeah.
I just wish I had enough guts to go to this.
It seems like a blast.
Right.
I'll see you in Amsterdam.
Well, I'm going to be great.
I'll be on the next flight.
All right, see you.
Oh, and there was going to be more?
Is he still there? He's gone a bit.
Are you there?
Sir.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
He was still there.
But he's got that radio cranked up. It's my fault.
I'm so sorry. Am I sorry about that?
Oh, well, I got a quick finger, man.
Gotta have a quick finger, baby.
Oh, my God.
It's been, my head is just thriving.
You wonder why?
Because I think I'm colishing over here.
I'm passed out.
I think Brad probably changed his mind.
And you know what took so long was I don't want to start with the nephew.
Because I know he's a big shot.
I've got the inside line to the headhunt show there.
But nevertheless, I know you're in there.
Well, wasn't he the one that delayed the order?
The last time I checked.
Uh-huh.
It was just those extra couple of minutes that would have been here a half hour ago.
Not that I want to lay a guilt trip on him or anything.
Here's Daniel. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Speaking.
Neil.
I agree with that.
I agree with that call of fool fun about the how it's turned.
You said, I think you are really a no-talents.
Yeah.
But you're still listening.
You're still.
Why that?
Circle.
No, listen to the show. That's good.
Uh-huh.
Jerk this.
Yeah, another in New York, huh?
See, let me, and let me also say it again.
I was the one that got on here and said, how are you going to do 26 year and four miles?
I don't have to talk about those numbers.
He doesn't need any more money than he's already got.
He doesn't need any help from me.
I say to him and tell it the way it is.
In addition to which he's not on at this time, he's not on right now.
Okay, pal?
I'm not here competing with Howard or anybody else from New York.
Okay.
I'm here doing just fine.
And, and, and see, people like this, what they don't understand.
And I've said this a lot more the last few months than I ever said before.
But it's just amazing that the rest of the audience is listening to an asshole like you and they're thinking,
but this guy is not only listening, he's making the effort to call and hang on for like 10, 15 minutes, whatever it was,
so that he can say this and express his disgusting attitude, which is what so many of the New Yorkers brought to us down here.
We got nice people from New York, but not nearly enough.
Most of the nice people from New York, they're still in New York.
All these losers, all these sour.
They all sound the same.
They all smell the same.
They're all cut out of the same crap.
Walking crap on legs.
And the fact that an old fossil like you can't even get anybody's to go out and play shuffleboard with or a module or go to the track or do something.
That should be a hell of a commentary.
You have to sit there and your own master keeps the way.
Listening on and on and on to this no-talent suck whole fag that's on a radio right now.
And you're squeezing yourself so hard and believe me in your case, it won't do any good.
I love it.
I love guys like that.
I pay like a thousand dollars a call for guys like that.
That's how wonderful they are.
And believe me, it just wounds me to the quick.
I don't know if I'm going to be able to survive because we had not only one, but two old New York bastards like this today.
Not one, two.
I may have to be looking my wounds all weekend to be able to come back on Monday.
You think?
No.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how's it going?
Great.
You know, I don't know why these people that listen to Howard Stern have to make such a big song and a dance about it.
Let me tell you, I listen to Howard.
And I think it's great that I get to listen to Howard from six to ten and in you from ten to two.
And there are a lot of people who do that by the way.
And I do.
How many of you tell you?
And I love you both.
And I don't know what is the big deal?
Why you got to be better than him or he's got to be better than you?
It's a juvenile thing.
It's like people that have the minds of a four-year-old.
You know, everything has got to be compared to this.
This is better than that.
Like we're in some kind of competition here.
Right.
I love you guys both.
You know that Paul Kasternova, he's been separating himself from Ron on the station.
If you listen to this shows, it's like he's being very disagreeable.
He used to be just like a puppet, like a bird to you at one time when the bird was with you.
And now it's like he's trying to separate himself and trying to be individual.
And now it's apparent why because he's trying to get a job with QAM.
Right.
Or anybody else that would hire him.
Listen, as much as I am displeased with him knocking you because I'm a big fan of yours,
I would take him over deforest any day of the week.
Because he deforest is the reason why I don't listen to QAM in the morning anymore.
That's the reason why I started listening.
What's your beef with beef all?
I just can't stand the guy.
I've never heard anybody so self-grandizing.
So in love with his own voice, he says, I've facts you about this before.
He's he and bellishes everything to the point where you can't stand here.
He'll say things.
He'll take 10,000 words and say something he could have said in three.
Kill some good time though.
Yeah, but I can't stand listening to it.
But look, I thought you just got to your saying, listen to Howard in the morning.
I do.
Yeah.
I do. That's my main.
And I have news for it.
You know something, even if casted over, came on over here and they fired beef all,
which isn't going to happen, you'd still listen to Howard.
And I would, you know, something you're, for the majority, I probably would,
but you know what?
I would listen more to QM like I used to.
Even when the dolphins are playing, you know, it used to be before Defo gone.
I used to listen when the dolphins played like right after a game like Monday, Tuesday.
I would overlook the zits.
Yes, go ahead, I'm sorry.
Like Monday or Tuesday, you know, after a game, I would spend a lot of time listening to QM
because I wanted to hear people to think of it.
It's a mood point as far as, you know, this thing because casted over,
ain't coming here and he's evidently desperate to get out of there.
And I, and I, in a way, I feel sorry for him.
I don't really care about him.
You didn't lie.
I almost talk about him, but the fact is, I don't mind him ripping me all he wants,
but don't go on here and make up stories and lie.
Don't lie about the ratings.
Don't lie about running to me at the song rest.
It's pathetic.
Like, casted over could drop tomorrow or whoever.
That's not the point.
The point is I would be, I'd love to see D-Fogale.
Okay, have a great day.
I'll pass the message on.
Okay. In other words, he listens to Howard, casted over and said,
but he just hates D-Fogale.
We got the message.
He hates him like poison.
And I said, you didn't even hear what I said, but that's okay.
What?
I said, I would overlook the zits.
26 after one.
I just said, it has no oomph now.
See, it was lost in the translation.
Heal Rogers.
Thanks to our good buddy, Brad, Gov. Erick Tony's for a great lunch today.
More to speech his great.
I'm scraping it off and the cheese too.
Not eating that crust, which is a sad thing, but the crust is really good.
Can't do it, baby.
Can't do it, Pally.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hi, Neil. How are you doing?
Great.
I'm the guy that's on your cart that says, what's a Buffalo Bill?
Right.
I got one thing that I hate worst than the Buffalo Bill, and that's rap music.
What is a Buffalo Bill?
That's me.
How about that?
Conor Manor Rocky.
Jim Lee Lentz back in town.
Is there a tremendous swell of excitement?
No.
Can you feel it in the air?
No.
Can you smell it?
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
I'm going to get really low.
Can I have a ball for a picket?
Yeah, you can call them up right now, but you've got plenty of them.
Oh, can I have some yours?
No, no.
5667-0560-560 on the AT.
I don't have any.
How do you like that, sir?
I don't have any, my friend.
As the bridge-tender would say.
Do you know what I'm talking about?
Penny.
Yeah, that one.
I don't have any of these.
I don't have any of these.
What is this?
Joseph, you call his show in soccer.
Yeah, call up Joe Castell and Mark Rorney, between 6 and 7 on that dumb auto racing show we do.
And suck around for those tickets that I gave him.
You're going to give him to you?
No.
No.
Here's Tamrac.
Hello.
I'm sorry.
Usually I call up and I go around, but I'm really pissed off and fight up.
I'm originally from New York as you could come by my accent.
Yes.
And I want to tell you who cares, who's better, you are Howard.
You guys are both to be enjoyed.
You're both completely different.
I listen to Howard in New York.
You're the only good thing here in Florida.
Yeah.
And thanks to you guys, it makes work a lot easier.
There's eight hours of your day or cover.
I want to tell you, as far as I'm concerned, after two o'clock the day is over.
Okay.
And all I've got to say to these individuals is, squirt squirt and amount of material.
Okay.
And thanks for turning me on to Britney Spears.
All right.
Okay, bye.
That's where the squirt squirt came.
Squirt squirt.
All right.
Again.
Don't be saying that.
All right.
Too much manager get upset.
Well, again, that big piece in Barry Jack has his column this morning.
It's about time.
That's the first time in years that that Chubby faced putt whackers ever written anything that made any sense.
It was worth reading.
Nice going, Barry.
Nice comeback.
Yeah.
And what happened there?
By the teeth, dammit, I'd kick my own ass outside.
God almighty.
It's like the end of the world.
And that's like the, uh-huh.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
How young is too young?
Yeah.
Oh.
Oh.
All right.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Hey, listen.
Let me a favor.
Yes, sir.
He can play that, um, the lesbian song by share from my friends over there down our jet bike.
What is it called?
I'm hard to try.
Can't get her to date a guy that's too sad with you.
She won't touch up in there.
Shacity, I'm grieving.
It's so hard and believing.
Call this really, that's her son.
Today the guy is really hungry.
I can't believe she's the last being.
You must be something wrong that she's gay.
I really don't know where I went wrong.
I can't believe she's the last being.
I really don't know where I went wrong.
Maybe she hurts anything I told her.
Okay, it's 147 at 560 WQM.
Just getting warmed up here a little bit.
Almost time to leave. Damn it.
Here's my knee-beat. Hello.
Hey, how's it going?
Great.
Do you think Robert Downey Jr. is going to be a prison bitch?
Yeah, I wouldn't be surprised at all.
You might get to like it.
Yeah, free Tony Martin.
And is it Patrick Wall or Patrick Roy?
Roy.
Asked out, Jerry, he'll tell you.
567-0560, £560 on the 18th T. wireless line on a great Friday.
Even the hours you're having a good day today, you know what I'm saying?
How much they're from New York?
Here's Pompano. Hello.
Danielle.
Yes, sir.
Mr. Rodney K.
The President of the National Association of Adult Businesses.
Yes, sir.
You remember we talked before about the turbidity ordinance?
Right.
One of the swinging situations.
That's the message, by the way.
Keep it limp and broward, baby.
That's right.
That's jail time.
But the situation is very bad.
The Broward County Sheriff's Department went into trapeze two several months ago.
Arrested 20-some odd people in there.
Right.
They left them there for an hour and a half handcuffed nude.
Nice.
Pleading with them to find out what was going to happen with them.
They arrested two black people that were there.
And they were only the only two arrested plus the owner.
So the Broward County Sheriff.
Oh, and the black people aren't allowed to have sex and broward, are they?
No.
I don't think so.
No. But they arrested only the blacks.
Right.
Only the blacks.
And gave the white people the notices to appear.
Right.
And nevertheless, they had these poor people standing there for an hour and a half nude taking their pictures.
And when they were asking the deputy sheriff's what was going to happen,
they were just told to shut up and sit there.
And when they came in there, they came in there with the hood.
Huh?
Go ahead.
They came in with their commando gear.
Yeah.
This is to arrest people that are in a private club situation.
Right.
So that basically goes hand in hand with the virginity ordinance.
Well, that's the only place you're allowed to put that hand is in somebody else's hand and hopefully somebody related to.
Exactly.
Exactly.
And they've closed that other club on federal highway that did the same thing.
Right.
So people can't even frequent private clubs.
And the state of affairs with the adult businesses across the nation are there being closed up right now.
That's right.
That's right.
And like I said before, what they do is they go and they make these busts and they get everybody terrified.
And the people are just scared of death and even go anywhere near the end.
So as a result, they attrition.
They may forget about going in there and closing them down with a business license like they sometimes do.
Like they did with the buttons south in Halendale.
And these people have a license to operate.
But the rate of attrition is so great because people are terrified to patronize them that they just automatically go broken and go out of business.
And that's what they're trying to do is close them all down because sex in America is evil.
Well, this is what they say.
And I think what we have to do, and I think many of your listeners are going to really have to scrutinize their city commissioners and their county commissioners.
Because the people that are doing this are doing it on a local level.
And if you want to patronize an adult video store and adult book store or a swing or club or an adult entertainment lounge,
you're going to have to really scrutinize who you're putting on the city and the county commission.
Because these are the folks who do.
Don't forget about the sheriff of Broward County.
That's the most important part right now.
That's exactly right.
Right.
And he's going to be running for the mere ship of Broward County.
Let's see.
