Sport Radio 560 WQAM Miami Ford Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
We talked to Neil called 5600560 toll free for dated gravity for film 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM
and easily read acquisitions or the beastly broadcast group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sport Radio 560 QAM.
Holy mackinon, this is Joe Bo on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neil God.
Oh, the story that rocked Palm Beach in the world.
Uncle Tad did throw on some boxer shorts, let's cruise on bark and rage with some babes.
Excellent.
Our money.
Woman.
Then, who did?
Uncle Tad did.
Let's use our infinite glass names to impress the fed and do the wild things.
It's a countdown.
No way, Bill.
That's why, Dad.
Excellent.
They're rich, they're powerful.
They like this women's naked.
Well, you're going to be smith and tend to be in Bill and has excellent adventure.
There are two of the next genitalia.
Excellent.
Coming soon to a due to the U.
Where did X for excellent?
You do get that Peter Leonard out of here, God dammit.
10-0-1-560-WQAM.
Happy.
Oh, that's right.
I'm not supposed to say happy one.
Well, I'm in a great mood.
I am.
George is in good mood.
We're in a good mood.
Oh, surprise.
You know what I think it is?
I think we're jealous of the British.
And I have no idea why.
But if they can have all of their mourning, why can't we have...
I mean, we got a lot in the morning.
We got zo.
And we're supposed to be in mourning.
And right now, look at those storms are expected, rain, and high winds in the area.
They're still looking.
You know something, seriously.
I don't want to be disrespectful.
It's sad when anybody dies.
But.
But.
What's the big chimus here, boys and girls?
Who, who the hell was this guy?
But like somebody I know said this morning, you know, America is obsessed with the idol
rich.
They're just, you know, with the glamorous people, the wealthy people, the do nothing
people, especially.
The less they do, and the more idle time they got to, you know, be part of the jets
at crowds, the more they are obsessed with them.
All day Saturday.
All day yesterday.
And again, today.
The networks are hyperventilating.
They're forming at the mouth.
And of course, the 24 hour news channels who just live for this, who just can't get
enough of this, are salivating.
They're moist, each and every one of them.
Because John Kennedy Jr. is dead.
There I said it.
And his bride and her sister, the three of them, they're dead.
I mean, yeah, sure there's been just tragedy after tragedy after tragedy and this family
it just never ends.
But just stop and think about all the other people, important people who died in just
this year alone.
I wish we had a list, you know, starting with Stanley Kubrick, who was very recent.
Let's start making one.
Yeah, let's start making a list.
All the people who died just this year and last couple of years, who were a hell of a lot
more significant in our lives than John Kennedy Jr., who never did anything.
The most famous thing he ever did in his life besides posing naked in the shameless act
of desperation for the cover of his horse ball magazine.
The most important thing he did was when he was three years old, that very carefully orchestrated
saluted the casket at the funeral of his father.
For your father, for your father, that's what that salute was.
And that was it.
He was three years old.
But when you're born into a wealthy family and you've got all this height going on
around you, it's supposed to be important because he died.
Do I think it was important?
Not even significant.
Worth a mention.
Worth a mention, worth breaking in.
Here's a bullet and the plane has disappeared.
And then like an update, they haven't found them.
They're presumed dead and lost at sea.
And that's it.
Like anybody else.
They called in the Pentagon.
They called in the, I mean, everybody in their brother-in-law.
And now we've got to put up with these boring people again from the National Transportation
Safety Board that, oh my god, the ones that lied to us when the 747 went down, those
people.
How long do you think before we get the FBI guy in there, too?
Maybe there was sabotage.
I just, I just, the few people in the media man, you need mental help.
Now maybe it's only me and George.
Maybe we're a couple of hard-vitten bastards.
Maybe, no, seriously, maybe everybody else in America, as they usually do, because they
usually do things in lockstep.
They go step along the way they're supposed to be.
Maybe they're all really just crestfallen today.
Now maybe it's only me.
Let me say it again.
He didn't look like in this business about the sexiest man in the world and they're
the best.
I mean, you know, in a very boring way, you could say he was a good looking guy.
Okay?
In a boring way, kind of a wooden way.
He had a personality that was maybe about a half a step above Al Gore.
No, seriously, a half a step above Al Gore.
A little bit better, not much.
He didn't look like a Kennedy.
He didn't speak like a Kennedy.
He flunked his bar exam twice.
And then I guess because he had too much time on his hand and being an assistant US attorney
in New York City wasn't really much of a big deal and was just a bone they threw
him anyway.
So he decided to start a magazine.
A so-called political, how do they call it?
A political glamour magazine.
Kind of like Playboy magazine without the naked pictures, except what he was on the cover
with his knees together.
That was as close as they got.
And that was it.
This man, 38 years old, a very young age to die, of course, contributed absolutely nothing
to American society, to our lives.
I mean, there are a lot of the other Kennedys, you know, Joe got in there, Joe Jr.
Till his wife wrote the tell-all book and he had to like go disappear in the middle of
the night.
Oh, I don't think I'm going to run for governor after all.
Even in Massachusetts.
And here he is again.
Look at this.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I mean, I just, I don't get it.
What is the obsession?
And I liked the Kennedys.
I liked JFK.
I liked Bobby Kennedy.
I loved head Kennedy, even though he's fat and old.
Okay, he's the one great hope.
The one last hope for us dying breed of liberals left in the world today is head Kennedy.
Even, and ironically, this happened one day before the 30th anniversary of Chapequitic.
And if that has anything to do with anything.
So yeah, and then Huesaidi gets on there over the weekend, all these experts to bring in
out all the, they're dusting these people, they're taking them out of the moth balls like
Huesaidi.
Haven't seen him in 20 years since he used to be honored with a gronskin.
By the way, if you're dead or alive, Martin Gronsky, quick, come on.
Remember Martin Gronsky?
You don't remember Martin Gronsky?
What kind of person are you that didn't wake up on a Sunday morning and even when you
didn't want to see all those stupid news shows, a gronskin company was on Channel 10 forever?
Wake up early on a Sunday morning?
No, I'm not real early.
You know, 10, 30, 11 o'clock.
Oh, that's hilarious.
No, like I said, piece of crap.
Don't know Martin Gronsky.
I thought you were supposed to be the one who was so informative.
Yeah, that's what that guy said.
This is informative, George.
You don't even know who Martin Gronsky.
So anyway, Huesaidi is on there saying, well, you know, there was nothing.
There was no such thing as a Kennedy curse and this is just, they're all coincidences.
I mean, over a period of 55 years, I got news for it.
There's an awful lot of coincidences in there from going back to PT109 and the brother
before that that got killed.
And I mean, just I never stopped.
And then of course, the daughter that they locked away into the shot, the shotgun treatments
and all the stuff.
I mean, if you really want to get brutal about the Kennedy's, now what was it?
It was that A&E or Discovery that they had the thing.
You need to discover a Discovery Channel.
And they dusted off the old story of the Kennedy's, Dernantwood Joe, who was a real piece
of crap, a real son of a bitch, a crook, a bootleger, a never-matter Nazi-heat-in-like,
just a miserable, mean-spirited, hormone-growing piece of turd, the old man.
And yet somehow America, and they're always using this term about this, this is as close
as we come to royalty in America, the Kennedy's.
Well, guess what?
We don't want royalty in America, do we?
No.
No, we don't want no royalty in America, goddamn it.
But tell them we need royalty for.
Let the silly British, let the Austin Powers and the silly British people, he ain't even
British.
Let them have that crap with a king and a queen and the prince and the princess and all the
fony marriages because they don't look too good that prince Edward's 120 years old and
ain't married yet.
You know, let them have all that silly crap, but we can laugh at him.
But you see the parallel between this and princess Diana, I mean, this is almost exactly
the same, isn't it?
And you just know there's going to be this too.
And look at that.
Here we go again, this Coast Guard guy.
Spent some very painful moments.
Yeah, I've had painful moments.
Every time I've been there at TV set for the last like 70 hours now.
It's been painful.
That ocean sure is blue.
Yeah, the ocean is blue and the sky is blue and somebody is blue.
Son of one son, he gets blue.
Man, what is raw of these people in this country, huh?
Glamour and glitz and bull crap and contributed nothing.
Zero.
When Adelaide Stevenson died, was there a big song to dance like this?
I mean, here's the man.
He was a egghead.
He was a genius.
He was an intellectual.
Oh, you're not supposed to say that.
He looked like crap and he had the hole in the sole of his shoe and he ran from president
and that was like the nail in the coffin.
Plus, of course, he was divorced and the catalyst didn't like that.
And he was running against the war hero.
He sent me illiterate war hero.
Oh, Eisenhower was something else.
He had a lot of interest.
He was always interested in what was going on.
Anyway, 10 past 10 at 560 WQN.
Do I care about this?
No, because I'm feeling great today, God damn it.
I feel born again.
Don't ask me why, because I won't tell you anyway.
I'm sorry, sorry.
I just so very horny can't let me get away.
If I just stop scoring, I just want to hit my flight.
I'm a very horny kid and he can't let me get away.
Yes.
We live extraordinary, pretty, pretty life.
We spoil our kids and she's on our way.
We always drinkin' at a good damn time.
Met a few girls, cat droppings, and a woman to car.
We're just very horny can't let me get away.
Very horny can't let me get away.
I tried to get away, I changed her to the yard.
She took some suits, it's too.
It makes me so hard.
She's so cold, she's so there.
When is this job?
Where are you, son of a law?
You tried to come, but we're just very horny can't let me get away.
We're just very horny kid, but we're just very horny can't let me get away.
I'll tell you something that I've since found in back in the year, who was the much more meaningful
than it was Gil Hartman.
Now there was a talented guy, given people a lot of laughs.
A tremendous talent.
A very good guy, everybody liked him.
Never stole a freight train, wasn't born with a silver spoon in his...
Rectum.
Although I think his wife had a little silver spoon, but you know, we'll get to you every time.
That white powder.
But there you go, there's one without even thinking hard.
Did they make it?
I mean, there was some stuff on TV.
They had a little bit of coverage.
A few minutes here, a couple minutes there, and I look in a shmere and that was it.
Did they go into a big song and a dance about it?
No.
No.
As a matter of fact, even John Vanne is getting more coverage today.
How many years has she been in the ground out two, three, whatever it's been?
She's still getting more coverage than for Canfield Hartman.
This Kennedy thing, I mean, the whole American sickness, this obsession with people who are nothing,
with people who are supposed to be one thing and are totally unlike what they're supposed to be.
It's all bullcrap.
It's all image because we're obsessed with the glamour crowd, with the jet setters.
How about when River Penis died?
Huh?
There were like two seconds on that.
He was in a couple of good movies, even Stan Vimey was good.
Huh?
What?
You didn't like Stan Vimey?
No, it was all right.
I like the song.
I think of any other ones.
It was an excuse to bring the record back.
Benny King liked it.
There's Benny King still alive.
I think he died.
No.
Since the movie came out, he's dead.
Nobody told me.
I think he and Martin Granski are both dead.
Here's Sunrise.
Hello?
Oh, and guess what?
You didn't reset the phone.
You hold on.
Oh, sorry.
Yeah, didn't reset the phone.
So you're assuming, you're assuming, wait a minute, hold on please.
WQA in our own special way.
Starting off the way.
What's your equipment that's a pile of crap?
Name doesn't work, okay?
So now we got to start all over again.
I had all the whole border calls on here and it won't go on here because this is a horse bugget.
A horse ball place.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Why do we have to start?
And on Monday, no less, huh?
Why do we have to keep starting like this over and over again?
Are they ever going to, uh, no?
In fact, the word is that last week toward the end of the week, the cable went out there in the sports sub room
and there.
And then I find out this morning, Donnie B. was saying they were trying to get a hold of their guests,
making a long distance calls out.
Couldn't do that either.
Just maybe they're not paying the bills around here.
How do you like that, huh?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
Pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's Dave the Cop.
I got to start with Dave the Cop.
How you doing, you know?
Oh, it's Jesus.
No, no, no, no, no, no, it's not.
This thing with the Kennedy's, I'd say if, you know, following Joe Kennedy,
all this so-called curse started after World War II, right around it,
this idiot Joe gave more money to Hitler than any American millionaire or anything.
I think he was in Batchetter, England and I think Roosevelt pulled his ass back.
That's right.
He was pro-German.
In England, that didn't make much sense.
Yeah.
And you know, it's an unfortunate thing with John.
It seemed like Dave to try keeping him out of the light and I had a lot of respect for him when he blasted his rapist,
not the cousin, but the one that played football.
Oh, the other one.
The one that decided to take on a tree head on and lost.
Oh, Michael, yeah.
And he blacked the demon his magazine and he caught a lot of slack from the family.
Oh, that was the one that was diddling the minor.
That's correct.
A little girl, yeah.
And you know, so it's unfortunate, but you know how you had rips squatting over the high-annis poor map yesterday.
He's all over the place.
No hard to keep track of all these dirt bags.
Like David Kennedy was the one inside of a drug overdose.
And you know, the thing with him was the day that Robert Kennedy got assassinated that morning,
he was down at the beach in California and David was drowning.
He swims out and saves his life and he gets assassinated that night.
There's a lot of amazing things with the whole family.
But speaking on politics, if you really want to have an eye-opener getting off from the Kennedys,
we're rolling stone this week because they go into a real in-depth thing on George W. Bush,
the guy who everybody thinks is going to be the next president.
Yeah.
Let me tell you something.
This guy had the firmance to go and to stay out of the draft and when he graduated Yale in 68,
he bypassed hundreds of thousands of people on a waiting list to number one to get into the National Guard in Texas.
Yeah.
And...
But nobody cares about that.
Well, they should care because they don't care.
But they don't care. His name is Bush.
That's why his brother was elected governor here in Florida.
That's why he was elected in Texas in the first place.
His name is Bush.
Rockefeller, Kennedy, Bush.
It's getting to the point where we're going to have about four or five families
and they're going to hold all the public offices in the country
and everybody else can just go whistle-dixie.
The veterans group in a 94-to-bay with the governor of Texas blasted him
because he said, hey, I could have gotten killed if my engine were to stalled out
over the deserts of Texas.
Yeah, you know, instead of going to NOM.
And when they ask him about, you got to read this article because I'm not BS.
And when they ask him about...
Yeah, but I can't buy that magazine. It's got Ricky Martin's picture on the cover.
Right.
I'm getting near it. I won't touch it.
You don't look too hot, is it?
Oh, thank God.
They got the... they asked him about drugs.
And if you think Clinton's answer was nutty with the marijuana quote, he says,
maybe I did, maybe I didn't. What difference does the make now?
Well, that's Ricky's answer to anything.
Or you're talking about your advice.
I'm just a gentleman.
Yeah, I know.
This is the future of the country.
Okay, well, look, wait.
Calm down, take two and call us in the morning.
Take two, what?
See ya.
Bye.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Let's hear all those Kennedy lovers.
Let's hear all those people out there that think that we're...
This is a disgrace today that we're not sitting here participating in America's sorrow and America's
mourning.
I feel great today, and I'm not going to sit here and pretend that I'm all depressed just to make somebody happy, okay?
I feel fantastic.
Lost a couple of pounds.
I feel like a human being again, God damn it.
Of course, now George is back on his eating binge.
Just when I was thinking over the weekend, well, he don't want to eat anymore anyway,
so we don't have to keep bringing all this parade of food in the studio every day.
Now he tells me over the weekend he more than made up for it.
Taking out a big time.
Nice going.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Town 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's sunrise.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Oh, I'm thanking you for telling you like it is.
Yeah.
Or we can am arguing with people about this...
This guy was so insignificant.
I mean, he was a sometimes celebrity.
He wasn't even a blip on the ass of the human race.
Nothing.
He was a businessman if you could believe he actually edited a magazine.
Yeah, right.
Like he did the work.
Well, of course, all his associates spent all weekend long telling us how he was a very hands-on guy.
And he even edited the smallest of articles and he was like really about Settler and so on.
Like when they said he goes in his neighborhood, he could buy...
He's like a regular guy, he goes and buys dinner for 300 bucks.
You know, like I do that all the time.
Yeah.
But people who were 65 and older who was so enamored with his father think that this man held anything for anybody.
They're just so miswrong.
But you noticed though, all weekend long for all the hours and hours, the countless tributes that have been going on,
they don't tell you anything that he did because he never did anything.
He didn't do anything.
Thanks for telling it like it is.
Okay, see you.
I mean, yeah, who he was died when he was 38, but it seems to me that his father was elected president.
He was 43.
And was in the Senate before that and in the Congress before that.
Never did anything of note.
And yet we've had 65,000 freaking hours if you put all the networks together and all the God damn news channels together.
It's just unbelievable how they try to orchestrate and manipulate public opinion.
I've been telling that for a long time.
You must feel this way because here's somebody that was very important.
No, he wasn't.
He wasn't even a pimple on my back.
Not even a little tiny rugged pimple.
Not a blip in the, and you look back to your history of people like Lindbergh.
There was another real virulent anti-Semite Nazi hugging piece of crap, lucky Lindbergh.
That's staged by the way, the kidnapping and there's a lot of people believe he's the one to kill the baby, the kid in the first place.
If you read the book.
Oh, great American hero.
Why? Because he flew a plane?
I guess because he made it.
And the same with Joe Kennedy and so many of these people in the Rockefellers.
What was so wonderful about all these people?
They were rich.
They were rich and they were bad through 10 before.
There's another one.
Yeah, another piece of crap.
Here's for Lauderdale.
Hello?
Yeah, I got it.
Yes, sir.
Listen, I'm a huge fan.
Hey, but that's genetics.
I like you, too.
I'm so glad you're telling it like it is.
I can be more fed up with this Kennedy guy.
I mean, William Kennedy Smith.
He didn't come to Kennedy until he raped that poor girl, out in Palm Beach.
Yeah, he had to do that to become a real Kennedy.
Yeah, I mean, he was really dismissing until he'd done that.
But I'm like you.
I'm sitting up there trying to figure out what has Johnny J.
Okay, John, you've done.
He hasn't done anything.
He's been doing the little salute there when he was three years old.
And then the next 35 years, other than come out with a stupid magazine,
he didn't do anything.
Nothing.
And the sad part about it, 10 years from now, two elections from now,
he probably would have been the president of the United States.
Hey, listen, I'm sorry the guy's dead, but life goes on.
Right.
We're not far from the dark two years ago.
The weather on the news, I guess.
And he's probably a better guy than JFK Jr.
How do you like that?
Hey, he made up.
Never store freight train.
Thanks a lot, Neil.
Okay, pal.
That was a good thing.
Come on, let's hear from some of those Kennedy lovers out there who are,
because I know you're out there, man.
You just don't know.
I'm going to do it here from a bunch of ass suckers today.
Oh, thank you for telling it like it is.
Well, I do deserve credit for that, because I am telling it exactly the way it is usual.
But I'd like somebody to tell me what this young man did in his life that was so important
that was so lasting.
Just like I'd hear a lot here about his mother, who was nothing but a high-priced hooker.
I've told you that many, many times, mirroring it.
It wasn't good enough that she came from the booby-aise who had more money than God,
but she had a marry into the Kennedy's and then after he got the bumped off,
then she had to go after the really big fish, which was Aristotle-O-Nances.
Now, let's face it, is there enough money in the world to make any woman in this audience
touch Aristotle-O-Nances where he arrived today?
Jesus, the thought of it.
He makes Ryan Jeremy look like a Mexican hairless.
God!
Perfect!
Oh my God.
I'll pile it up.
I'll pile it up.
I'll pile it up.
I'll pile it up.
Sure too young to fly.
You're never, ever, ever.
You're gonna see nine.
Now the white trash puts mother.
Must live through her son, but he sends that fly in.
Don't see me as much fun.
Still, she says you have to.
To inform me, now help me set up my new wife's great TV.
I'll pile it up.
I'll pile it up.
Sure too young to fly.
You're never, ever, ever.
You're gonna see nine.
Now the Toronto weekend and talking about the fact that he was in the
food in North Toronto airport like last Tuesday, just a couple days before this happened,
and that he took along another pilot with him because he had just, he was on crutches.
You just had that accident.
He was hobbling around on crutches.
Here's a lesson for all you kids out there.
Somebody says, come fly with me in my little private plane.
Just say, okay, like Nancy Reagan would say, just say, to private plane.
The puddle jubbers just say, look at all the people that have died in small private planes.
All these arrogant people that think that they're hot shots.
And how many hours did he had in training flying that plane that knew a plane that he had?
Zero.
The big, ow!
And they keep reporting.
It's like one minute they're telling you, there were no rafts on, no life vest, no raft,
no nothing on a plane.
And of course when a plane hits the water, it's like hitting cement, especially at an angle.
It's like hitting a brick wall.
See, most people think, well, you know, the water is like soft.
It's like, falls.
When you're taking a dive from 1,500 feet up in here, it's just like hitting the guy at the
Met Pire State Building.
It's like hitting cement.
And then they find a seat floating in the water.
They find her piece of luggage or suitcase with a name on it and a prescription drug bottle with a name on it.
And oh, well, you know, miracles.
What are these people talking about?
Of course, I guess if they would have just said right off the bat that they're presumed lost and dead at sea,
that would have taken away at least 50 hours from the coverage they could milk it from, you know.
See, one thing I want you to keep in mind, the media don't even consider there's any sincerity.
They're okay, even though they come out and they brought in Bob Waw, they brought all the heavy hitters in their Dan Rather and Broke Off and Peter Jennings,
they dragged him out of bed, brought him all in for the weekend.
And they give you that phony syrupy, pseudosensir thing.
They don't give a crap about any of this.
All they care about is how much they can hyperventilate, how much of a show they can put on,
and how much money they can make out of somebody else's misery and suffering.
That's what the news media's all about. Make no mistake about that.
So if you're buying in any of this crap menu and the thing with that child pilot thing,
I mean, I remember we were back on IOD, we were at Paxon.
I remember talking about the fact that I saw the story in the morning on CNN about that eight-year-old girl,
and they put her up there in the wind and the rain and Wisconsin, where I was in Wisconsin,
and there's the storm because while they had to get to their next publicity, they're a photo opportunity.
Now I said, as soon as I saw it, I said, she's going to die, she's going to be dead.
She's, and that very day comes the news, guess what, but a bang, she's dead.
I don't know about you, but when you get on a commercial aircraft and you pay through the nose like I do all the time to get on a plane,
you don't want to look up in a cockpit and see an eight-year-old girl sitting up there,
oh, guess what, it's Tuesday's first flight today, but today, come, everybody, she's real good.
Are you going to see John John up there in the limiteron on crutches?
Hey, have no fear, everybody, I come from a very, very exclusive family, it'll be just fine.
And we're real good cat licks too, okay? If something wrong, I'll start rubbing my crucifix a little bit.
Here's the West Palm Beach, hello.
Hey, no, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
I have one question.
How much money is this going to cost us out of our Social Security? How many millions for all the airplanes?
Is it C-130s and, uh, I mean, how many, how much is it? Millions?
Don't be 50 dollars.
Yeah, yeah.
Oh, that's not it?
You know, I mean, millions, just to look for them.
Yeah. You know, I mean, send a boat out, look around, and, uh, you know.
Send out one of those boats like the Cubans use when they smuggle the Cubans in their sails,
one of those little bro boats, take a look around and, uh, let's get on with life.
A little raft.
There you go.
How about your drag, by the way, speaking of a little raft, he sure made better movies than John John.
John Denver, I hated John Denver, but you know something that actually people like his records.
I didn't hate that in a plane crash, private plane, experimental plane.
Experimental private plane, dead.
Bloody Holly, the big bopper, Richie Valens, dead, Rick Nelson, dead.
Amelia Earhart, dead, and she was a pilot. Still dead.
Here's a mobile in the adventure. Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I just wanted to know with some, this great Kennedy clan and everything,
how from Caroline wasn't invited to the wedding?
Because they're, uh, they don't speak to each other.
Or I guess they want anymore.
You mean the first cousin, the youngest daughter, did not invite her cousin, so that is absolutely correct.
Okay.
A little, a little rift.
They needed a little raft, but instead they had a little rift. There you go, pal.
Well, you know, it happens to the best of families and in the worst of families.
It's a dysfunctional family in case you haven't noticed.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on a mobile one line.
All you people in the media, let me tell you right now, K. All you assholes out there,
they think that you're going to whip the American public into a frenzy and make them care about something that's not very important.
It isn't working. Not with this audience, because they're all calm to suck my ass.
No, I don't think most people do buy into this any more than that dianna bull crap.
Now the British, of course, they got sucked into that because they can't help themselves.
They're emotionally constipated like I've told you for a hundred years.
They have arrested development, the Brits.
And so that's all they know is the royal family, this and the royal family, that.
And the queen is a disgusting old bitch and the queen mothers are disgusting old drunk that owes 30 million dollars to the government.
But don't want to talk about it.
Yeah, there was an article about that in the Daily Mail when we were leaving England a couple of weekends ago.
About the queen mother, she always like, I forget how many I think it was 30 million equivalent to 30 million US.
She doesn't want to discuss it.
The old fact, she's 96 years old. She, you know, sits up there and booze it up all day.
She doesn't want to discuss her financial problems.
And they say, okay, okay, queen mom will just remain mom on the subject.
22 before 11 at 5.60 WQM, we're in mourning here today, aren't we?
Are we in mourning here at QAM? Let's declare this an official day of mourning here on 5.60.
Let's dispense with David Cohen's perfect game.
Let's dispense with that stupid goddamn golf tournament, the guy blew a three shot lead.
Let's forget about all that unimportant stuff.
Let's get immersed into the important stuff.
John John, that's the important stuff.
Huh?
Three years old, 35 years later, other than a magazine, and he was naked on a couple with his knees together.
And some of the desperate women of a bad eyesight thought he was a real hot hunk.
Other than that, did we hear anything from this man? Did he contribute an idea?
See, I would say to George before, and I think I've got this down to a science.
If you examine the Kennedy family, there are two distinct genetic pools here.
No, really, there are the Kennedys who are like, they look and they sound like Bobby and John, and John and Senior, and Teddy.
They have that sound and they all tell you the same.
Then there are those who evidently have the genes of the retarded sister that was getting all the electro shock there.
That they put away.
Was her name Rosemary or something like that?
Rosemary and they shut her away and tried to cover it up and then give her a lot of electro shock like Jack Nicholson to try to make sure that she didn't make too many sound.
Like that.
Kind of like the Helen Keller school of being a Kennedy.
And you look at the buck teeth like of Michael Kennedy.
And if you look at the Kennedy, I can't keep him straight.
They always say they're related to Bobby because he made kids like babies.
They reproduce like rabbits.
The Kennedy that was going to get married Saturday, she's also got the buck teeth like Michael Kennedy.
So obviously that's like from the retarded side.
And this one here, he must have been strictly with the booby-a-gins because he didn't look like any of them.
He didn't talk like any of them.
He didn't really say much of anything.
He had a personality like a...
Oh, that would be bad to say that.
20.
Come on.
No, he had a personality of a dead man.
That would be bad.
Are you saying he's got as much personality today as he did on Friday?
Is that what you were saying?
Because I'm not going to say that.
That would be bad.
Damn it.
You little spick.
That was George said that.
I didn't say it.
Much to do about nothing, man.
But Poich, you're killed a lot of good time for the media.
During a hot summer sweltering weekend.
Roger Scott.
Good-bye, Finn Hartman.
Brinded you in and you were a really good guy that had so much hope to give.
Yeah.
That you marry the psychotic bitch.
That's right, nothing, nothing, nothing.
But the good news is that cheaply well-souled for a way because everybody knows that it's LA.
They let fritters walk every day.
Another laughter has died thanks to your psychotic bitch wife who had a stupid safe life.
Brinded a news radio was a main show except that two were there.
And some characters are just sitting there long and long.
It's not all that is your life when it last is long but she let you know George.
Good-bye, Joy McClure.
That you may know from such films that I thought we'd annex murder remote hands a gun.
And honey, I just blew your head off.
Now Lionel Hut can't get rid of.
She's in any way a Saturday night and falling further in the case is that the reason you let anyway.
And this just said you died under your psychotic wife with a stupid safe life spirit.
And the system will never be the same again.
No.
And I felt like your ex-wife's sweet gift for a wife.
It's the good thing she said so now they can't defend that bitch you had for a while.
I don't want to give boy upset.
I think this whole Kennedy thing I think OJ done it.
1047 and 560 WQM 56070560.
Come on let's hear George tells me that we're getting reports that they're putting flowers on the MacArthur Causeway.
What?
The JFK Causeway.
What is the MacArthur Causeway?
Oh I forget.
Is it both?
What is the JFK Causeway?
Here?
Yeah.
The renamed the MacArthur the JFK Causeway.
Oh we've got the Venetian Causeway that's not it.
The Julia Tuttle is definitely not it.
Although he's got guy talking about it.
I thought maybe there was a causeway I never heard of.
He said it was the JFK Causeway?
Yeah.
Maybe he was talking about upstairs, up there somewhere.
That's in Washington isn't it?
I would assume.
I don't know where that is.
Oh that's in New York.
Is it in New York?
I don't know and I don't care okay.
They're putting flowers just like they're throwing all the flowers up there in the Massachusetts.
Where the hell is it?
Martha's Vineyard in whatever.
There's a lesson for all your kids out there.
If somebody tells you to fly to the end of the bucket just say...
The JFK Causeway is 79th Street.
How could we forget that?
We drove to work on it so many times.
The JFK Causeway is 79th Street.
What a slum that is.
79th Street Causeway is the JFK Causeway and they're putting flowers up.
I'll probably Bob Green went back down there with Cheryl Niggard.
That is a joke.
Yeah we saw your thing by the way Bob Green, your Green Letter.
I got that the Green Sheet.
It would be in poor taste to read that today.
Funeral for a friend.
I would assume being a good Jewish guy like you a little bit of a rock monis.
For the poor desperate people like the Kennedys I would assume this would have been about that.
But is it about that?
No it's about David Ross and about the death of Dolly 103.
Goodbye Dolly, etc.
As clear channel again butchers in other once great radio station,
she 103.5 and turns it into Dolly which dies and now is a coin about green.
The Beats of Miami.
Whatever it is that means.
So there you go and by the way I hope you and Peter Leonard have a great life together Bob.
56670560.560.
I'm gonna move on to the other thing he brought in.
Peter Leonard.
Oh that was that copy.
Oh he actually brought us some copy.
Now you know who's a count that is though it's not his account.
He's just the mule.
He's just the pimp.
I don't want to mention that it was Todd Drex account that he don't bring us any copy personal.
You don't come anywhere near here which is fine with us.
Here's a mobile info letter deal.
Hello.
Hey God.
Yes sir.
How you doing?
Great.
You know what was the real bummer this weekend was is that my satellite receiver took a dive.
Oh bad timing.
It took a dive last week and trying to hit it six.
So I'm back to like 1970 TV you know I got three stations.
And it was worth it.
The good news is my high touchy I went home on Friday and got it all adjusted.
It's not too bad.
It's pretty good.
It was the worst because the only station I really get clearly unfortunately is that
a hysterical Fox station.
Oh.
The spotting station yeah.
Yeah and you know I'm watching TV yesterday and you know the news is all over.
And I'm watching whatever they have programming on their Simpsons and whatever.
And then at 930 they got to come on a half hour early for their news.
And it's the same to every five minutes.
It's the same reporter up and up and then talk it or whatever.
And they don't do anything more than what they said five minutes ago.
It's just like the one right here.
Like George said here's the ocean and it's blue okay.
All right.
Here's the water.
Here's more New Jersey is in the map.
Here's Martha's Vineyard in the map.
Here's a line between the two.
Here's where the flight plan was supposed to be whether we're going all the way really don't know
because he didn't file a flight plan.
And that said and it's somewhere.
First they said it was a 550 square mile radius.
And then all of a sudden you would think that they would start narrowing it down.
No then it became a 1200 square mile radius.
Right.
They went bigger.
Right.
Instead of a car car, it's a very money.
But the whole thing is, Neil, it's like it's the same crap.
Every five minutes.
It's so annoying.
You want to reach it on the screen and punch them.
And you know something even if your dish would have been working and you would have had all the channels coming in.
It wouldn't have made any difference because they all had the same crap.
All the networks, all the news shows.
Well I'm sure I could have found something.
But anyways, in closing, I like to call junior at douchebag.
Okay.
And get the honey junior.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Are we going to go the whole four hours today without hearing somebody with a good word for John John?
What's wrong with you people?
Don't you have any art?
No.
Do you have any Rachmanus?
No.
Don't you have any sympathy?
No.
Any empathy?
No.
This family that's been just through the, through 55 years over five decades of nonstop tragedy and grotesque horrendous things.
Just because the father was a bootlegger and a lyre and a Nazi and a piece of turd.
Here's plantation.
Hello.
Hey Neor.
I want to share in that he had that stroke and lived so many of his last years in misery.
Yes sir.
How you doing?
Great.
You know I've been listening to you for the past.
And for now why you got to pre-light Catholic up with this stuff?
I mean this was a good family.
It did some things.
Yeah.
And you have to bring this up all the time.
How is Mary's your company doing by the way?
Hey that was a mistake.
There was no big day.
That was a mistake when somebody died in the state.
I mean what's the problem with him?
I mean the guy.
The problem with what?
I'm not the man up here.
What about you?
I'm not a great man.
Then rest in peace.
Yeah.
Let the whole family rest in peace.
But you don't have to bring up religion in everything.
I mentioned it in passing sir.
But if you want to make it a big issue.
If you want to make it into a big issue.
Since they were very warning Catholics and they were screwing everything that moved them through it on.
Blow it out your ass pal.
I'm not going to listen.
My hysterical, a psychotic, very defensive Catholic friend.
See this is one of America's most famous mafia families with the Kennedys.
Now you won't see any movies in a court.
Now that I'm a Mario Puzzo.
There you go.
How stupid I am.
Just died like 10 days ago.
Didn't Mario Puzzo give us a million times more enjoyment than John John?
I mean is there any doubt?
Yeah!
There you go.
Godfather 1, 2 and even 3 which we apologize for the bad acting.
But nevertheless Mario Puzzo.
A great Italian American.
And Catlick.
Who of course had the audacity to expose all that corruption in the Catholic Church.
And I wouldn't be talking about any of this right now if it weren't for him inspiring me to do it.
But thank you so much sir.
What was the difference between the Kennedys?
I mean they were an Irish Catholic.
See this is one good little of the heat off the Italians for a minute.
Okay.
This was an Irish Catholic mafia family.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Hi.
I'm an orange.
All this time everybody's been talking about JFK dying and JFK that's some JFK.
Nobody mentions anything about the two other people that are on the plane.
Right.
And I just don't think it's there.
And they weren't famous.
I mean she was just, you know, the one was his wife and the other one was much less famous because she was just the wife's sister.
Exactly.
Nobody cares about you unless you're famous.
Exactly.
We were just on the plane, hitting a ride and...
No, we didn't care about them.
I don't have that record right.
I'm hitting a ride.
That would be good.
Although so Georgia was telling me that I didn't hear this news report that the wife was the one who insisted that they make the flight.
That he didn't want to do it because the other pilots didn't...
Did you see that report?
The other pilot there in Jersey didn't make the flight because it was very hazy night and said when you're flying on VFR it's very easy.
You get disoriented and the plane can go upside down and so on and so on.
But the wife allegedly insisted because he wanted them to take the sister home.
Yeah, I heard that.
I don't know.
Parents, a group of parents has lost two daughters and everybody's talking about the Kennedy system, the Kennedy guy.
I mean, I'm a John-John Newtons.
He was a nice guy but we don't have to be...
How do you know he was a nice guy?
Well, all you know is the public picture that they portray just like Diana.
She may have been a raven bitch, I don't know, but they portray this picture for public consumption.
We didn't know him.
And there's nothing he'll be here about that.
Another high school that was caught recruiting players and stuff?
No.
Okay, great. Well, I didn't see the story so I'm not going to put the name on here but nevertheless.
Well, maybe they need some new altar boys over there at Columbus High.
Oh, see? There he goes again.
Well, that one guy inspired me, you know?
I'm going to get out my rosary bead to my crucifix and my wafer and my chalice.
Oh, yeah.
Do you drink a little out of the goblet?
I don't know.
Just to get that guy all whipped up into a frenzy.
Why don't you face it, Pat? You're part of a corrupt goddamn mob.
That's what you're part of, all right?
Every time the mob, somebody dies in a mob, they have a good Catholic funeral forum.
Don't they?
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
When's that Joseph Piano thing on?
Is that a network thing with the Martin Vormen?
What's his name, Martin?
You know who I'm talking about.
From Mission Impossible, let's play in Joe Bonon.
Martin Vormen.
And his wife's name was, what was her name?
From a Fish and Impossible that they walked out because they didn't get up.
No.
Was it a Barbara?
No.
I don't think so.
Martin Vormen and, uh, come on.
Now, which was the guy that died from Mission Impossible, the black guy?
He was good.
What was his name?
Oh, see?
See the important people, the people who made a difference in our lives, the people who
entertain us, who infuriated us, who amazed us, who made us laugh.
We can't remember their names.
Martin Landau and Barbara Bain.
Barbara Bain, there you go.
Barbara Bain, thank you so much, whoever called in and tell us, whoever knows something in this audience.
Which is obviously more than we do.
Thank you.
Yes.
Yes.
Barbara, I see a hub for no other boys.
I'm a Catholic.
No.
Good by Chris Farley.
You great big fatty.
Always acting blind.
A great big fat dumb retard.
And every film you'll ever see.
Too bad for David Spade.
His career could take us.
All he has left is that label.
He's the show we won't be making buddy movies no more.
And you want it to be just like John Balucci.
And have John have these two.
Yes.
You finally made it.
But we're not too careful what you wish.
You gave us lots of lots of unsighted days.
But you were way too young to die to commit fat man suicide.
Good by Chris Farley.
What did you eat to?
Blow up like a big balloon leading like a fool.
That would only bring you certain death.
The farmers are upset.
And all you left was some cable movies and a few pairs of your pants.
That will feel to make community poos.
And you want it to be just like John Balucci.
And have John have these two.
You finally made it.
But we're not too careful what you wish.
Your chest is in hold of the auto.
That's it.
Why?
Oh.
Now you reach the pizza in the sky.
You got so fat you die.
Greg Morris dead.
He's got a long time ago.
Did we have a big tennis today?
Stop.
Did they stop all the goddamn presses?
Did they preempt the goddamn soap offers and every other news show?
In the history of television and Greg Morris died?
No.
F and A.
They didn't, baby.
Jack.
How about the muscle burden, guys?
Did two, I think.
Is it from the Christian population?
You know the one I'm talking about with those days.
Now we got to look for his thing.
We can tell a couple of hours doing it.
Oh man.
The people who really made a difference.
I'm not saying maybe they were like a rocket science.
But people who entertain us, people who amused us, people who did something to change.
They have an impact on our lives.
These people croak every day and they get a couple of lines in the goddamn obituary column
and maybe a little blip on CNN and maybe on your local news catch.
And that's a good bye.
Stick the rationale ground.
Next.
But because somebody is glamorous and from a very overblown family.
And again, keep in mind, I was a big JFK fan.
Bobby Kennedy.
Ted, I love Ted.
Okay, even though he's not agent too well to say the best.
Nevertheless.
I can only imagine, of course, you do realize that the Kennedys are one of those families
that you either love them.
There aren't too many indifferent people in that middle group.
You either love them or you hate them like poison, like George does.
Yes, you do.
I like how it is.
But you hate the Kennedys.
Come on, stop the crap.
You're missing my choices.
You're like what you like and hate what you have.
But my point is this.
Can you imagine their feeling now?
They're going.
Yeah!
Like that.
That's right.
That's what they're doing today.
Another one bites the dust.
There'll be another song to play that will be in very bad taste.
We were going to play that thing by the dead Kennedys, but it was a terrible song.
And then don't do it.
It would be in very poor taste.
It is a success.
Oh, stop.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello.
Nail.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, listen.
I just kept thinking about this whole thing because first of all, he did absolutely nothing.
Absolutely nothing.
Absolutely correct.
He did absolutely nothing.
And you hit the nail on the head with, uh, he's America's Princess Diana.
Mm-hmm.
Because he does absolutely nothing.
He couldn't even pass the bar twice.
I mean, at least with Diana, they gave her a couple of phony, you know, the landmine.
They gave her a couple of things to go out and dittle around.
And because they do that with royalty, they give them some issues to run around and make a big timmis about
like they're doing something meaningful with their lives.
Right.
Well, what you thought you did with this thing was just showing jogging in Central Park.
Right.
Well, I bought this song.
He was just being a famous Kennedy.
That's all he ever was.
Right.
And then when they gave him that big ovation at the Democratic Convention of the ADA,
it had nothing to do with him.
It had to do with his father and absolutely nothing to do with him.
He could have been a statue and it would have gotten the same ovation.
The thing is that this country is moving more to a caste system.
Right.
So you're just basically just born in Pimis.
Mm-hmm.
And that's basically it.
No, the thing is he was, he was heading towards, uh, towards Ted Kennedy's, um,
Sentency.
No, not only that, just towards his legacy because, uh,
that's the thing that there are people who say that he would have, you know,
done nothing, just run a magazine for a couple years and then when Ted had to hang it up
when the fat finally got to him that he was going to run and the course would get elected immediately automatically.
Yeah, well, Ted has never passed a bar in his life either.
That's right.
Okay, Neil, you have a good one.
And say hi to Mary Jo.
We'll do.
Okay.
Seven minutes after a lot of, and when Mary Jo compacted it, I'll be back to the Kennedy factored
that they wanted to nail him to the cross.
I mean, a lot of guys get drunk and they go out there and, you know, they drive off the road and some bitch dies.
I mean, there's a lot of them.
They're leaving there.
And he went down there diving.
Don't you believe that?
No.
He would divers do a deeper.
By the way, the divers are going down this afternoon.
Oh, now what's this?
It's a White House.
That they've become.
So having a party at the White House.
There was this at the police station with a player getting their car.
I'm going to have to back to the back.
She's one of the moms.
There's two families.
There's a party at the White House.
There you go.
Oh, right.
Yeah.
It's the soccer team, isn't it?
That's the women's soccer team.
There's a big smile on Bubba's face.
He's probably gotten a little bit before it came out.
He looks like he just got a little Kennedy head.
Yeah.
Look at this.
They're having the women's a dyke ball team there at the White.
They're not going to stop this because we got another dead Kennedy.
Okay.
Nice going, Bubba.
See, that's another thing.
This poor guy.
This poor guy feels so bad for this guy.
You know, he's done a pretty damn good job under impossible circumstances.
They've been after him since the minute he walked into that guy at the building.
And the guy gets a couple of blow jobs.
Okay, which is nothing.
I mean, careless.
Yeah.
And smart.
But the Kennedys used to every time Jackie would be like 10 blocks away from there.
They had like a bad phone.
They know the whole clan, the whole Kennedy clan, and all their aids would come rushing in there to the pool.
They had naked orgies and went on for hours for days.
As long as that bitch they could keep her out of there.
And it was well known, just like with Roosevelt and all the others.
But the difference in those days was the median knew that you just kept your mouth shut.
There were certain things you didn't talk about because we weren't in this goddamn totally voyeuristic,
sexually neurotic and obsessed society like we are today.
So today, if the president or the senator or somebody gets blow jobs,
oh, it's got to be on the nightly news.
And we got to have a whole report on it with the regular, you know, what the whole thing.
Where did he stick his cigar?
Correct him.
The senator and so on.
You just don't do that.
So there's a man who knows how to party.
Look at him.
If it reflects the values that we honor most, there you go.
Like I just said, there we are.
All right, good timing, Baba.
Everybody likes to say a little ass, but most people like a lot of ass.
And that's what he says.
Those are the values that we reflect the most.
Nice going.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Like he said, when he and Jordan got their plane golf, they talk about ass, baby.
That's what they talk about.
Ass.
A media is sick and needs help badly.
Listen to me.
He's a standbinds me for so fucking understand where everything is out to the high, so fucking
standards.
The selection isn't just huge.
It's so fucking huge.
Believe me, you'll never shop anywhere else.
And so fucking price is not just low.
They're so fucking low.
You'll never find them anywhere else.
Listen to me.
When I say so fucking as a beautiful score, I mean so fucking beautiful.
When I say it's ever helpful, I mean so fucking helpful.
Listen to me.
Get to know the so fucking and enjoy a selection of so fucking huge.
A staff at Sofakine Courtyard and Christy said, so fucking low, you'll never shop anywhere
else.
But don't take it for me.
Take it from satisfied, custom of Frank and Stein.
So fucking good.
You said it, Frankie.
So fucking good.
1114-560 WQM, I have it a big party up there with a woman's Sockery Dykes at the White
House.
They just put all this behind them.
I mean, what are you going to do more in forever?
You're going to the country is supposed to be.
I mean, the news networks, they want us to continue with this for days and weeks on end,
like OJ, you know, we can't do that.
There's nothing more to say.
The bodies they haven't found, they will find them maybe, maybe not, to play in whatever.
That's it, dead, dead people.
That's all tragedy.
It happens, that's it.
And a guy before that was all upset, that good professional cat lick guy, talking about what a great family this is.
You know, really if you want to nitpick about that, if you want to go into it about the things that the people of this family have done,
okay, not to mention Joe Jr., and how he had a quit politics, because his wife wrote that, tell all book.
And he decided he don't want to be governor of Massachusetts after all, because he was a philanthropic scumbag.
And about, let me see if I can get these straight.
Now Michael was the one who died in the skiing accident who was screwing the under your age, your girl.
And David was the one who died from a drug overdose.
And William Kennedy Smith is the one that wore black cut off up there in Palm Beach on the rape charge.
And how's Marilyn Monroe doing at Settler and so on?
I mean, you can go down.
Yeah, there were people in this family that did some good things and had very good lofty goals, et cetera.
And so on like Ted, see everybody caught just because Ted drove off the bridge.
He was going to be the black sheep.
He turned out to be the good guy.
He's the only one who makes any sense anymore.
5, 6, 7, 8, 0, 5, 60 in Palm Beach.
And then of course there was always Peter Lofford.
Here's Cutler Ridge. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You know what this whole thing with John Kennedy is discussing?
You're absolutely right.
It's just a media taking this whole thing over and sucking up everybody's time on it.
Yeah.
John was fully responsible for what he did there.
Did he kill himself because he was inexperienced flying into extremely bad weather conditions?
Hey, hey, hey, hey, very poor visible conditions.
And nobody has stopped that off. Nobody.
I think we had to be playing Jimmy Henderson Purple Haze today in honor of this.
Oh, I agree with you on that.
I agree with you on that.
And by the way, when Jimmy Hendrix died, not that I was a big Jimmy Hendrix fan,
but certainly a lot of people enjoyed his music.
I thought he was one of the great artists of our time.
Did they make a stink about this when Jimmy Hendrix died?
No, but he also killed himself too.
Because he, you know, he's all drowning his own cube.
Right.
Jimmy was still not at his mind, but I mean, this is ridiculous.
I sure, I'm going to never do that.
No, we make a big deal out of somebody's responsibility.
You know, no, what the target? The instance B.F.
It's part of the arrogance.
No, I don't think it's the arrogance.
It's just from using it.
No, I'm talking about the Kennedy's.
I'm not talking about the media.
Yeah.
Okay, have a great time.
Okay, you two.
All of a sudden, they said that it was part of the arrogance.
And then now that I'm finding out that the wife, you know, to bride.
Oh, yeah, well, we got to go ahead and do it because, you know,
we got to get my sister home.
Okay, well, guess what?
She ain't going to get home, maybe in a box, but we're not
of us going to get home because he listened to her.
So that was the point.
He should never have been a pussy and listened to her and let her call the shots.
He should have been a little more domineering.
I told him he was, and he's like, oh, what sponge.
He didn't have that.
He didn't have that charisma, baby.
He didn't have that hootspa, you know, he was just like, yeah, neither fish nor foul.
Like tapioca pudding.
And that was his downfall in the end.
Just a, no, some domineering bitch, okay?
I guarantee you had plenty of ass in his life better than her.
Guaranteed.
Here's South Miami.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I do accept.
Great.
Hey, um, sexual response to what?
Like I said, five six seven, oh five sixty, five sixty, or the eighteen T wireless line.
Let's say let's come up and say, have a great life.
Okay.
Wish them well, and to go find them some older boys.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I'm drying out the rug in front of my TV set.
It's soaked from all the tears that I saw.
Yeah.
Can you imagine people with no life whatsoever crying their eyes out over someone they never met?
And never will know.
Right.
Did nothing for them.
Right.
And they both end the tear in their life, but they consider it a tragedy.
Right.
Well, that's because the news media is telling them this is the way you're supposed to think.
And a public 95% of our bunch of sheep, sir, whatever the media tells them they're supposed to think, they say, oh yeah, that's right, okay?
I'll cry over the death of my dog, but not over it, not over some idiotic bitch bastard.
That's absolutely correct.
The idol rich.
Yeah, idol rich.
By the way, if you want to know something about the idol rich, there's a book called Theory of the Leisure Class.
Why people worship the rich?
It's written by a man by a name of a weak wee brown in 1898.
Yeah.
And it's, by the way, it's a classic book of sociology, even though the book is over a hundred years old.
Yeah.
It shows how stupid people can be and how they are trained by the media and by society.
To worship these people like like their kings and queens.
It's a sickness.
It's an absolute sickness.
Okay.
Okay, have a nice God bless us.
Why do I'm going to a champagne party celebrating?
That's right, okay.
Okay, we'll see if the White House, they're having a big party on a White House law.
Now, with a WNBA, whatever the hell they are.
I mean, W, whatever they call that thing, the soccer.
What do they call it?
Yeah, you're like, you would know the soccer, the Dijkley.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Come on, somebody between now and two o'clock.
We've got to have the people to say you're wrong.
You're wrong.
You don't know what you're talking about.
You're always pouring cold water on our party on our parade.
We're having a big party over here.
We're mourning.
Peter Lupus, by the way, the mission is possible.
Peter Lupus, very good.
You don't think he died from Lupus three?
Well, not have been something.
But anyway, Peter Lupus, I'm pretty sure he's dead too.
I know Greg Morris is dead.
He was great.
Barney.
Well, that is named on the show of Barney.
And of course, Peter Graves, he still
knows him and Jack Perkins are still doing those things on A&E.
There's biographies which I love that show.
And how long, by the way, do you think, before they whip up together on biography on A&E,
J.F. John John, huh?
I bet you before you can say crap, before you can even take one.
They'll have that thing whipped up on there.
You can take that to the bank.
Well, that'd be a half hour special.
That'll be a 50-hour mini-series.
I see that's the thing.
I understand what besides the thing where he's saluting the cough, the casket,
between that and George Magazine, and he's naked on the cover,
and the family got bent out of shape about that, which they just showed on here 50 times.
Be besides that, what is there?
Is there anything?
No.
No, and flunking the bars and twice.
I mean, I'm sure there's plenty of other nice people out there who have flunked the bars and twice,
three times whatever.
Okay, it doesn't mean that they're bad people.
It just means they're, you know, not so bright.
Here's Boker.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I mean, the guy's failed at everything he's ever tried.
Nobody should really be surprised that he can't fly a plane either.
Kind of cold.
It's kind of cold, I know.
But, you know, I'm so sick of watching this guy exit, you know, some, you know,
trendy restaurant or apartment building, and an act like, you know, he wants his privacy.
Please leave me alone, and meanwhile, he's looking for the nearest camera and mic, you know?
Right, that's right.
I mean, it's total opportunities.
And I've listened to people talk about how, oh, he's so good looking and he's this, and he's that.
I never thought so.
I thought he was very bland looking.
He was like boring, but boring in his speech and his appearance, everything about him was boring.
I think what they're saying is he's a Kennedy who isn't like painful to look at compared to the rest of those from, from Bobby's side.
I mean, what's with those teeth they have worked there?
Well, if they kept their mouth closed, I mean, JFK was a good looking guy, and so was Bobby.
If he kept his mouth closed, he's going to open him off in the Bucky Bieber teeth started sticking out. They had a problem.
It might have been sabotage.
It might have been that cousin or whoever he criticized in his George magazine.
Yeah, there you go.
You know, screw in the babysitter.
Yeah, except except the cousin is already dead.
So that's the one I got killed in the skiing accident.
You know, these guys don't, it's hard to keep track of, isn't it?
They really ought to stay in the house, you know?
Yeah.
I mean, they just, they're staying there with the babysitter.
There you go.
I mean, they think they act like they're such accomplished sportsmen.
See, if Peter Lofford was still around to arrange all the social agenda, then they wouldn't have to go out too much.
Have a great day.
I don't care anybody broken up in this audience.
I'm begging, I'm still pleading.
Let's hear somebody out there who thinks they were really callous and behaving in an inappropriate way today.
Is there such a person in this audience who's got the cologne to tell us they were all full of crap?
No.
I haven't heard him yet.
Somebody who's in tears, somebody who's on the verge of losing it because something so grotesque poor John John has met his maker.
And don't start with those Marvin Maker lines again from Monticello.
They have no idea who that is.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
We could compile a very, very ample list of very talented, well-known people of entertainers, politicians,
musicians, all sorts of people who have died just in the last couple of years, who made much greater contributions to our lives in American society and culture than John John ever could have dreamed of doing.
And did they make a big song at an answer about that?
Did we have like 72 hours of virtual non-stop coverage like the world was coming to an end about that?
No. And that's because you people in the media are crazy people and getting crazier by the minute.
But we resist.
That's the point. We're resisting it. We're not getting sucked into your bullcrap.
And there are those of us who are going to get all bent out of shape because you tell us we ought to win. It's very important because guess what?
You may think it's important, but it's not.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Yeah, good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir. Why does this?
Yeah, what's going on? Neil. By the way, are they really still having that celebration at the White House?
No, I'm not.
We're going to be all over with now. President, what inside do I get some action?
Come here. Let me ask you. What's wrong with the media today?
Why don't they start focusing on this whole thing on the real issues?
Why don't they focus on the two sisters a little bit more, even though they may not be as famous?
Why don't they just figure that this can happen to anybody and then be saying that they got over there on that Fox channel,
they're showing the damn weatherman who drives airplanes and they're asking him about his opinion.
Why don't they stop giving so much attention to these guys when they didn't give us any attention, right?
Exactly.
They didn't give anybody attention, but yeah, we're giving them a damn, which would say 72 hours, 80 hours.
I'd say shut it off, man. Shut it off and leave it off.
They didn't give us anything.
They're letting me go.
They'll let me stop with this crap. I'd say shut it off right now.
It's just a fall of all of us because we're even wasting time talking about this.
Not that there's anything against the man, but you got to look at other stuff.
They'll be here talking about the planes and never drive this plane again and the plane is broken and this and that.
Showing all the other stuff, man. They could just happen to anybody.
So, haze and this and it was watery and it was ice and whatever and all the crap.
Crap is the word, man. You got it.
But no, that's, but they're really just, they're still going on that celebration now at the White House, right?
They're having a party. Have a great day. Like I said.
Having a big party up there.
Oh!
President, you worked great, spirit, smile, and familiar to your.
I mean, he did, you know, he did his thing and he talked to Ted a couple of times at all the people in the family and they made the,
all the proper inquiries were made.
Like Marlon Brando said, I want all inquiries made and that was it.
And now we move on.
Even flip-spice will not see an end right now.
Thank God is doing the regular weather.
He's not doing the, and then tuck it whether the Martha's Vineyard.
Now, what do you laugh at about that's what they've been doing all weekend long?
Every time they do a weather cast like what differences to make what the weather's going to be now. They're dead.
Oh, but we have to see what's going on with the search.
And not the, there's what was the search and rescue operation and it's not only the search operation because rescue, I guess at this point,
is a little bit out of the question.
And of course, you notice how they had a tiptoe all weekend long.
Every one of these shows Tim Russell, all these other assholes.
Well, we don't want to talk about them in the past tense because there's still always that chance.
God, always that chance of what?
That he's going to float up on shore and just jump right up and say, hey, guess what? I'm still alive!
Hey, and then we'll break out into a song and a dance routine.
I don't think so, not in the real world.
Not last time I checked. Okay, it doesn't work that way, boys and girls.
I know some of you would drop a lot of acid there with the networks and I can understand all that heavy competition.
But I mean, let's get serious. You, the public are laughing at you.
We're sitting back and we're laughing. We don't want to laugh or cry because you give the appearance of being serious.
Oh, the search continues. I can just see six weeks from now. The frickin' search continues!
Because it's the middle of the summer and they're not squat going on. We don't have any war and coast of all anymore. There's nothing going on.
But ordinary decent people in this country are dying every goddamn day. Does anybody care about that?
No. They get any coverage on there more than two seconds?
No.
I'll tell you the way their cover and this makes that tragedy a little than Colorado. All those school kids that pale in the wind significance.
You would have thought that that was nothing compared to this.
And they were just kids who wanted to go to school one day.
Goodbye, old EQ. Rides with kids soon and you fell off your exercise by 10 then you died and lied around for most of the day.
Oh, what the hell else can you say?
Good point. See, there's another example. Governor Hikun. He died here not that many months ago.
Anybody make a big timmies about that? The governor of this state, like him or not like him. I mean basically his personality was kind of like...
A good old pumpkin boy but never stole a freight train.
Lost 12 bucks gambling when he was a little boy and therefore gambling was evil and we have to pay for his stupidity. But nevertheless, sure better what we got in there now.
Buy a long shot. Never read mine comp.
But anyway, the governor of the state dies. Was there any big even on the local channels? Was there a big song and an ant about that?
Recomparable to what we're getting now? No.
Putting flowers on the 79th Street Causeway.
You know something they should have put flowers on that causeway a long time ago. Not for JFK Jr. but for the goddamn area.
For for Sonny in the market. That's what they should have put flowers on that thing.
And of course for WI.
I see as well.
Here's a mobile in Key Largo. Hello.
What, that button on six is having a mobile in Key Largo. Hello.
Yeah, Neil. Yes sir.
I add a little thing to this deal about the appearance of JFK Jr. It's something that I've always contended as to why he doesn't look like the rest of them.
I think Aristotle and Ashes is his father.
Thanks so. I think that.
You got that kind of green. I had that Greek look to him now that you mentioned it.
Did you look at the picture of a NASA's and you look at the Kennedy Jr. He doesn't look a bit like anybody else in the same house?
Yeah.
And he looks very much like Aristotle and Ashes.
Yeah. And that's my take on it. Of course he was born in 1960.
Well, that's right. He could have been screwing on Ashes back in the past few years.
But they had been friends. They had been friends for years, years before.
Yeah, something I think you finally hit on it, pal. I think you got it.
Well, appreciate your show. Love you to death, buddy.
Thank you.
I'm serious. I think this guy's got a, he don't look like any of the other Kennedys.
The other Kennedys, I mean, they look a little like newly, you know, like Mr. Red.
They have that the book you be with the teeth.
Nothing. He didn't sound like them. He didn't look like them.
I wouldn't be surprised that they, you know, of course they'll cover it up like the Kennedys are famous for doing.
Just like Bobby Kennedy dropped the original casket from his brother.
And do you remember that couple of months ago?
Isn't that interesting? How as years go by, we find out how much our government lies to us.
And we find out that Bobby Kennedy ordered that casket dropped with the president's brain and with all the other stuff in it.
And now we find out that they had a good luck and good bye for the astronauts up on the moon.
William Sapphire was on the rig and yesterday, you know, and they actually showed the script of what he had written out for Nixon to read.
About well, unfortunately, the the shuttle their stuck up there on the moon and good luck and we're cutting off communications and saying goodbye.
And they're going to commit suicide or start it on the moon.
Because if the module wouldn't have operated, it wouldn't have functioned and brought them back to Earth, they would have been dead and we were prepared for that.
Of course, did we tell them that?
No, of course not.
17 years later, they're finally telling us, well, we didn't really expect them to come back.
But yeah, too bad they didn't tell us that the astronauts going up on the challenger, huh?
Oh, five, six. Oh, yeah, that was the one with a school teacher.
That's what Reagan said that day.
You know, I guess his Alzheimer's must have said in what about 1950?
If somebody would have just said that GE light bulb off over his head and see whether he recognized it now, maybe it might have helped us.
We're still waiting for it to trickle down, by the way.
Here is Kendall. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil, you're wonderful.
I mean, you would understand Ronnie had an inversing VM with their compound out in California over the weekend.
Nancy said, oh, that trickle down. It's still working.
Go ahead. Hello.
Yes.
Are you talking to me?
I am. I was just going off, you know.
You know, I just tuned in and you are as usual right on it.
Yes, I am.
And has anyone pointed out the fact yet that he was headed for GE head when he went down?
GE head, that's right.
It may have been an act of God.
Now that you mentioned it.
Yeah.
He was headed right for GE head and he went down and that's what happened.
I saw that on the map, which they only showed us 50,000 times GE head.
Yeah.
And I thought, well, finally something I can relate to.
And I want to tell you that George is a wonderful replacement for you when you're gone.
He has a genius.
Take over your show when you leave.
He's going to him about a week.
And have a great day, Pat.
Thank you.
Okay.
Hey, listen, I'm no fool, baby.
I had enough of this crap.
I'm going to go talk to intelligent people somewhere.
Can I find them?
No.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound fire.
I mean, if we had an intelligent intellectual audience here, they would be saying brilliant things
about the great accomplishments of John John, which are, what are they?
I heard he could make a mean cheese omelet.
Yeah, I don't think so.
I doubt it.
Rich people don't cook.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18 and T.
And look at, by the way, speaking of royalty at real British royalty, look at every God
damn marriage over there is ended in divorce.
How do you like that?
Every single one of the marriages over there in the royal family of ended in divorce in
this house of Wendell.
These Germans masquerading his brits.
What a bunch of crap.
And that constipated a little queen mumble like this.
And she's $30 million overdrawn on her account, but she don't want to talk about it.
And that's great.
Try it yourselves on your visa, masquerade, American Express.
Try running up 30 million.
And then when I call you and he starts sending the attorneys letters to, I don't want to
talk about it.
Click.
Here's for Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello, Dale.
Mr. Boos Bill alone is probably that much.
Yes, sir.
I'll tell you one of the JFK's red accomplishments.
Yes.
They interviewed a woman last night that went to college with him.
Yes.
And her, John John, three other shared a college off the campus.
Yes.
And each week they had a certain thing to do like cleaning one week, cooking one week,
Oh, maybe you'll get cooked, yeah.
And so it came this time to clean.
And he told her that he didn't have a clean toilet.
So she showed them.
And he's in fact very much because he never cleaned a toilet before.
And he'll probably never do it again when he leaves college, but he really appreciated
her showing him.
And she thought that was marvelous.
Terrific.
You really appreciated that.
That moves me almost as much as the picture that Jason brought in here on Friday of one
of his turds in the toilet bowl.
Yeah, that moved me so much.
I was the one who went into the world.
I was the Mark Twiland.
Okay, thank you for the good news.
As a matter of fact, I'm not sure if Jason took that picture with a polar word.
It might have been a brownie.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, I found 560 on the 18, whatever it is this hour.
Am I full of it today or what?
Yeah, I'm all ripped up.
I got a whole new life going out, baby.
I feel like I've been reborn.
Don't ask me why.
I'm not telling you.
Oh my gosh, it's just astonishing that they're just, you know, it's like the election thing
coming up a week from this Thursday, by the way.
Another 10 days away.
That's right.
Today's the 19th, 10 days, 29th, when the public is just going to say, what is it?
No, thank you.
Probably corruption here in Miami, Dade County to our corrupt mayor who belongs behind
bars, trying to pull the woolie over your eyes.
By the way, speaking of Jason, woolly, Gordon Murphy was at the airport in Toronto last
night.
Didn't get a chance to talk to him.
Well, one of my listeners who also was an attorney that did the closing on my mother's
condom.
I remember about my mother's condom in case mom is listening right now.
Nice Jewish boy.
He came over.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, he was a good guy.
And anyway, says, oh, there's Gordon Murphy over there.
He's on a way to Atlanta.
He and his family are on the way to Atlanta to a buy a house because of course he was
traded to the Atlanta thrashers for Trevor Kidd.
And I said, well, what did Gordon Murphy think about Brian Murray?
He said, he's an asshole.
What about Terry Murray?
He's an asshole.
Thank you.
And now, language lab to show the teachers he will foreign language in less than 60 seconds.
Today's lesson is Greek.
Lesson one.
Strawberry pie.
Strawberry pie.
Lesson two.
Apple pie.
Apple pie.
Lesson three.
Pumpkin pie.
Pumpkin pie.
The customer.
What kind of pie do you have?
Answer.
Apple pie.
Strawberry pie.
And funky.
Language lab is a public service and they not be copied or authorized for retail.
Thank you.
16 to noot at 560 WQM.
We got Hank and Chulos today to the 6th.
We got Donnie B.
Talkin' a little baseball at 6 o'clock.
630.
We got the Marlins at the Red Sox 7 o'clock E-N time.
7.05 from Fenway and Inter's net.
No.
After they blew a 21-reel lead yesterday.
Here's Barbara Kellerman.
First thing, let's see.
Diverse desserts for the wreckage of John F. Kennedy Jr.'s playing.
Here's Barbara Kellerman who's a first family historian.
With Mrs. Kennedy on the ass, it's running a pretty tight ship with those kids.
Whatever that means.
I think that guy was right.
Greek.
No, no, no.
Turn it into a sexual thing, okay?
Brackdom.
Here's for Lauderdale.
Hello.
The world's sexy as mermaid.
Go, OJ.
Okay, thanks.
Roy.
Univ.
I have a white guy.
5607.0560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
I think OJ had done it.
Here's for Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello, Nail.
Yes, sir.
I'm watching TV, I've seen all this stuff on JFK.
I got tired, so I was watching A&A and they showed a bar pen JFK.
On junior?
Yeah.
Did everybody got one?
Yep.
Oh, no.
They showed JFK, talks like Mary Quimmy from the Simpson.
Yeah.
Yeah, but yeah.
I'm finding junior.
Yeah.
You know, they sure don't waste any time.
Yeah, really?
Haven't even found a body yet.
They're already doing it.
Did they find a body yet?
No, not yet.
Really?
They're working on it feverishly, though.
Yeah, really.
I'm going to end up.
I'm really going to say it, damn it.
I'll have a great day.
5607.0560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
They've already got the thing.
Oh, here's Wendy Lee, author of Prince Charming.
I've ever risked towards women.
There's a story that one day when he was going to have a school with his mother's
essential park, a group of rowdy kids, cruel kids, ran after them both and started shouting,
you're father's dead, you're father's dead.
And John, instead of reacting himself, protected his mother, he held her hand more tightly and
felt it, so she would feel all right.
Yeah, he's joking, all right.
5607.0560.
Pound 560 on it.
Isn't this something we have to have all these little stories now?
We have to have all these little personal interviews and the memories and all these little vignettes
of crap is what we got.
Little drops of turd on our brain.
And of course, that's what you have to do when there's nothing, there's no meat there, you know?
That's what we need.
What the hell was her name, the, where's the meat lady, where's the beef?
That's what we need.
Clara Pellar.
Where's the goddamn beef?
And they don't have any.
So that's why we have to keep hearing all these little cute anecdotes as if there was really something there.
He squeezed his mother's hand tight.
Well, isn't that great?
High price toker, bitch.
Here's Orlando.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
Wouldn't it be something if it was found out that his favorite tech put some oxygen in it from that point?
Wouldn't that be something, huh?
I tell you what, what about the frosting on the cake?
And there's something else.
He was last seen at the, what you may not know about it, but up here there's a notorious gay bar called the Parliament House.
Yeah.
And he might be the Parliament, huh?
Of course, you think there's a gay bar in the world that I don't know about?
Well, I don't want to, I don't want to, I'm assuming with anything.
But anyhow, he was last seen there in drag with Madonna.
Uh huh.
So I figured that's, that's where the couple of minutes on the TV, you know, I'm not going to bring anyone like that out.
Actually, it's real slow.
I can't believe they didn't bring out.
There was two bubbles.
The Cubans hit the beech again.
I figured that would be a big news.
They'd be riding in Miami.
Now we're tired of that.
Even they're worn out on that.
They don't, they want something new and exciting.
Oh, thank God.
Well, tell George he's good on the air and we miss him and we'll see you soon.
Okay, you're good on the air and they miss you George and we'll see you soon.
56670560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
See how life is?
You keep your chin up baby.
That's what the Monica Lewinsky always said.
Keep your chin up.
And wipe it off a little bit.
That's what Enrique said.
I'll or I'll wipe all of it off because then it don't soak into your skin and make it nice and smooth and younger again.
Maybe that's why Enrique looks so lovely, huh?
He must be, he must be pushing a lot of that stuff into his pores.
He said it's pouring over here.
Here's a lady in the North Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, man.
Neil, first of all, good morning and I think you're totally brilliant.
Yes, I am.
I'm very, very pleased you're back again.
Thank you.
I mean, you're not upset that George isn't still filling in?
I don't even know who George is by George.
Number one, I...
He had a king named George.
That's true.
The madness of King George III.
Yes, of course.
King George VI had a little bit of a speech.
In fact, it was kind of like the Kennedy daughter.
They kept him locked away most of the time.
It was a little bit of a speech.
Am I right here to blame them?
He sounded like he had a lemon in his mouth, you know?
Didn't he?
He sounded like he had a persimmon in his pool.
Yeah.
I think it was King George VI who invented that great British delicacy spotted dick, but never to look.
Yes.
You were given an institute.
I know.
You really are.
Neil, getting that taboo madness about all these candidates and this boy that went down in flames,
and he was in flames in the water.
Many years ago...
These rubber on the water, they just gravitated to the water, it seems.
Maybe.
Many years ago when my husband was training to be a pilot, the instructor drummed it into his head,
and I'm mind to, there are old pilots and there are bold pilots, but there are no old bold pilots.
Now, this young man, he was very, very reckless.
There were many points that he went flying that night that were really very bold and very reckless.
Many, many points.
Why he should not be able to take that?
Well, I think it was on Crutches, wasn't he in a gliding accident just a few days before.
I think that's how we got the leg all busted up.
He was reckless.
Like you said, the idle rich always tend to be reckless.
That, my real point is that his recklessness and his carelessness has cost a mother the lives of two daughters.
Yeah, but don't forget it was his wife now, the report saying the wife was the one who insisted that they wanted to go.
Has no bearing on it, but the pilot is the captain.
That's absolutely correct.
The responsibility had a fall in the middle.
Absolutely, and it's a huge responsibility.
And he certainly had not the qualifications for the night flight, the over-water flight, the, you know, many points which I've written down but I won't talk about.
So therefore, I think if he were not a candidate, it would be viewed as like a murder.
Like a double murder?
No, not a murder.
And they're serious about that.
And this poor mother now.
Maybe it was a murder suicide.
Well, that would be up to him, that his life, that's take two.
And take them down with you.
Well, take two and call me in the morning.
Neil, you are brilliant.
I'll tell you again, and your analysis of everything is remarkable.
And I'm very, very happy to hear you every morning and you keep me in stitches.
I love you.
I told you that a few years ago.
And Tally Ho.
But you never believed me.
I believe you.
But I still love you.
Tally Ho.
See ya.
See how to the queen.
And the old queen mum.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
In fact, that's what Ted Kennedy said.
They have to chap aquatic mums the word.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60 and pond 5, 60 on the 18th.
I mean, didn't get that kid a little bit old though after a while.
Hearing about Rose Kennedy and about how they would have to break the news.
And even when the old man was still alive and sitting there in the chair looking straight ahead and going.
I guess they finally stopped telling him.
Because if they figured if they could, you know, told him one more tragedy.
That would put him right over the edge, you know.
So for those who you people who think that there isn't justice.
I mean, yeah, sometimes there's no justice.
But sometimes there is.
So the fact that the old man had that horrible disabling stroke and lived for years and years in that.
Am I a vegetative state and that barely cognitive state of Massachusetts?
Maybe, you know, maybe sometimes what comes around goes around.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pond 5, 60 on the 18th.
T wireless line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay, Tony. Nice try.
Go waste your time someplace else.
Okay, where they might want to talk to you, which we don't on this program or we speak English.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pond 5, 60 on the 18th.
T wireless line.
Here's a lot of hill.
Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
I dated Rose Kennedy and she always said it was Jay Edgar Hoover was the father of John John.
Yeah, well, we know that ain't true.
Are you sure?
No, I'm positive of that.
Okay.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Okay, go take three in college in the morning.
Yeah, Jay Edgar Hoover was the father.
In fact, that would be surprised that he was hanging out there up there at Jayhead.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pond 5, 60 on the 18th T wireless line.
Here's the lady in Miramar.
Hello.
Yes, man.
Neil?
Yes, I am.
Okay.
Listen, I have been wanting to call you for weeks.
My name is Louise and the reason I was going to call you is because you always spoke so
finally of Bill Carter.
Right.
I had a home, a pool service for like 15 years and I did his pool.
Right.
And I wanted to thank you, but he's such a sweet man.
You know, he was always so nice and everything.
Now with this Kennedy business lineup, everybody is so hyped up on Kennedy, but nobody, you know, people like Bill
Carter that passed on.
That's right.
Nobody's definitely.
He had barely got 50 words in the newspaper here when Bill Carter was on here here.
I know.
Several times for a long period of time was one of my best friends.
He dies, gets nothing.
Exactly.
And he was a great guy.
He was a wonderful man.
And it's not fair.
You know, it was like when I would do his pool, it was always on a Thursday and about 10 o'clock in the morning.
So my curiosity got the best of me and I said to him, Bill, what can you do for a living?
Uh-huh.
And he smiled and he said to me when I'm employed because I never listened to the radio until I met Bill and heard you all.
So about two weeks later, you all signed him on and he called me in the truck and he said, believe you have to put your radio to someone's association and I've been helped ever since.
Great.
But he was, he was such a sweet man.
Yep.
And people like that need to be applauded not make all the fuss about, you know, all this here.
About the idle rich.
Yeah.
Amen. Thanks Louise.
Alright, honey.
See you.
Okay, we got 1700 open lines all of a sudden here because the cats got their tongue and you notice we've done almost half the show today and we had one person that they call and say that we're wrong.
No, no, no.
One person said today that the media is right and all this and of course it was the same when I came back after that seven month hiatus and princess Diana had died.
Did we have one person who said that it was a reverent not to be all bent out of shape about that?
No.
Who gave a crap about that bitch?
No.
No.
Not one.
Not single one.
I mean, you know, assuming that we live in a society where we place a high premium on human life, which we don't, but we should.
From that perspective, yeah, it's tragic when three, you know, relatively young people die.
But it happens every day, every day, little kid die, those two, the sisters, all kinds of horrible stuff happens.
And you, imbeciles in the media, you know, crap happens.
You know, it's not a big deal.
But when somebody who's part of the idol rich, somebody who's part of this fabricated royalty of America, they call it when they die.
Well, it's, you know, we're going to be worth at least 72 hours and believe me, you ain't seen nothing yet.
Now that they've made it official that they finally thrown in the towel and they're just looking for parts, plane and people parts, now you just wait.
Now it's really going to kick in high gear.
Bye George.
Yes, I'm a now-kept-cantolio who floats it into town.
Yes.
And when my riddle herrows, I just can't put it down.
Since all the cringos move the way that author tries to get me.
He held me and me held to change its name and said to me, I'm the panda rock.
I'm the panda rock.
It makes my tongue roll, roll, roll, roll.
And it's perfect for a town where there's no light to the town.
Outside of what's deep in the bed, like rubbing atyams and juicing sorrows in the handle,
they'll have rotators through the air against the hospital, Julio.
And before he said it's the fact that story will be revealed.
I read it when I get the case of black bean squirt and then I wipe my ass on my white umbrella shirt of the antipand or a antipand or a...
You think white umbrella?
Yes.
Anyway, so NBC has got an American tragedy.
We have to have some name.
We have to put a name on every one of these major hype events that they come up with.
So now NBC has decided it's an American tragedy.
And there's Kerry Sanders on NBC just hypervitalating.
Historical.
Breathlessly reporting that the Coast Guard now, it looks like they may have found their wreckage and they're on their way out now to take a peek.
And Tom Brokeau comes back on and says with a straight face, well, you know, we've moved from that phase where there's obviously no hope.
So now a different phase to maybe where we can find a way to put some closure on all of this.
I'll tell you the best way to put some closure on all of it, Tom, is stop talking about it.
They're dead.
Next.
56670560, pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Here's Sunrise. Hello.
And now.
Yes, sir.
I think you should get a medal, man.
You're the only person that has enough balls to come out and say that this is really BS.
And I'm saying everybody's an hypocrite.
And I think Rick Sanchez needs to be in jail for what he has listening to for nearly four days, man.
Well, I can just imagine I was out of town on the weekend, but I can imagine he's just he squatting so hard over the man.
He might actually drop one right there in Massachusetts.
He's as crazy.
You know, it's pathetic.
Well, we have to listen to for the whole weekend.
I mean, you know, I'm a minister in a country of 260 million people.
If this is the most pressing and important story that's going on, it must be a hell of a boring place.
It is pathetic.
I mean, on Tom Broca, what a douchebag he is.
And you know, you're right.
It's over time for everybody.
I mean, everybody's having a fetus.
Yeah, they over there.
They, they, they, like I said, they dragged to somebody's guys out of moth balls like Hugh Siety.
People we haven't seen in a hundred years, they dragged them all out.
Anybody that ever had a meal with a kind of these, you know.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And everybody's a specialist.
And everybody is, you know, no matter how the fly and everybody is a dank spirit.
Right. That's right.
It's unreal.
Okay.
Have a good day, Neil.
Back to you, sir.
They don't know VFR from VCR, most of these people.
5670560, pound 566, the on a mobile one line.
Here's a lady on a pay phone in Pompano. Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
I just wanted to let you know that they already did the John Jr. on Haley last night.
Always last night now.
Somebody said they headed on again this morning.
Yeah, it was on front last night.
And also my mom thinks the Ted Kennedy was the one flying the plane.
Yeah, there you go.
All right. Have a good day.
Back to you.
Bye.
Now he just probably drove into the airport.
5670560, pound 566, the on a mobile one line.
We got a hundred open lines here right now.
All of a sudden we've been smoking here for a Monday.
Now now it looks like we're going to have to bring Jordan night back out again on a Monday, no less.
He's a little sleepy.
Okay. He had a rough weekend, Jordan.
See we can't keep a little keep it up a little while, although I done it.
Here's a mobile in the song rash. Hello.
Hey, Neil God.
Yes sir, speaking.
Here is a real thought to consider regarding the loss of the Kennedy.
The media is going to be playing with this one for weeks, months, and possibly years.
As if you'd sit and think about where that plane went down,
we're going to be eating Kennedy every time we have a lobster or a craft for the next five years.
We've had lobster new bird. How about lobster Kennedy?
Yeah, Kennedy on the app show.
Yeah.
So that's good to me.
Okay. Thanks for your highly insensitive but somewhat amusing comments.
5670560, pound 566, the on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Kendall. Hello.
Neil. Yes sir.
My copy on this thing is that the news is typically east and west coast oriented.
Yeah.
So maybe up in that northeast quadrant, Kennedy's pretty darn important.
But out here in the hinterland, he's important based on what?
What is it that he's done?
I think he's put out a glossy horse ball magazine.
What is it that he's done that makes him important besides his birthrights?
The fact that he was born, to somebody who was once president.
Well that's good enough for the people in the northeast.
Yeah.
Now I understand though that he was going to close down the magazine and open up an airline.
But I'm not sure that.
Anyway.
Yeah.
That's it.
I hear where people work and do their thing.
We really don't give it in.
Where we have a life.
That's it.
Or at least pretend to have one.
Okay. Thank you sir.
I'll see you on value jet.
Another insensitive comment about it.
By the way, whatever happened to eastern high?
Sure missed that eastern airline.
Don't you? Don't we all miss eastern?
What a shame that was.
I think that's when this town really started going in the trapper when we lost eastern airlines.
That was one of my favorite.
I love eastern airlines.
Really?
Went to Hawaii on eastern airlines.
They actually would like take off in one place and get to another one.
And actually get to the destination most of the time.
Unlike American who's got a new theme song, Smoke Continue Rise.
What is with American Airlines lately?
By the way, I don't want to get all my friends who work in American over at MIA.
I got some good friends over there.
They're nice people.
But what's with American Airlines lately?
Oh man.
They suck.
Their food is pretty good.
But it's kind of hard to eat with all that smoke in front of you.
In fact, I noticed that's the one.
And usually they give you a choice in first class.
Smoke salmon, smoked steak.
Even a dessert's are smoked.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello?
Yeah.
Yes sir.
What I don't like is them saying the Kennedy's are brave and courageous.
Here's a guy in a small plane who is stupid.
Yes, stupid.
With two lives in his hands, this is in brave and courageous.
This is an arrogant son of a bitch.
Who's party could fly through fog at night on the stupid little plane with a couple of hundred hours after his bell?
And he killed them all and killed himself.
End of story.
And brave and courageous.
It's arrogance and this is what happens.
That's it.
Okay.
And don't forget he flunked the bars and twice.
Thank God that Ted never cheated on his exams at wherever the hell of a Harvard, wherever it was.
Hey listen, you know, this is a family that whatever they did, when you got that much money,
your stuff don't think to go back to that thing from the Toronto Star.
We went here on Friday about your stuff.
When you have enough money, it smells real, real sweet.
Let's fast it.
Oh well, I'm the type of guy who will never settle down.
That pretty girls are versional that I'm around.
I kiss a man I love him first to be the world the same.
I get so washed on him and I don't even know their names.
I'm a philandra.
Yes, a philandra.
I see around, around, around, around, around.
Where my shoes are on the left.
God, I've been born the right.
Only God will know where I'll be, passing out tonight.
And if you want to ask me which girl I love the best,
I'll tear open my shirt, cut my mother's clothes, she on my chin.
I'm a philandra.
Yes, a philandra.
I see around, around, around, around, around.
Where my bones then go all around.
I have a child and lots of blood.
And you know, I've stood so many girls that I think very hard.
Look like some kind of a queer.
Yeah, I'm the type of guy he likes to go around.
I never need one place.
I roam from town to town.
And when I find myself going more shump-goob, I'm afraid of it carabined.
I take a poorer world to shine the sanity.
Yes, I'm sincerity.
The cosmic round, the round, the round, the round, the round, the round.
I'm getting dizzy just thinking about it.
Okay, 1215 at 560 WQAM.
What am I laughing about?
Am I not supposed to be sad?
I'm supposed to be depressed.
I'm a roast.
And the, uh, etc.
And I'm not.
And I'm not going to put on some act.
Can you imagine for me to come in here this morning and put on some cornball act about what a great American tragedy this was
and all the horrible things that have happened to this one poor family, poor family, underlying the poor part.
56075, how hard he was doing by the way, huh?
See, he had all that money to help him out.
He's still taking another shower.
He's still trying to wash off all the filth from that money.
So all our schleppers out there, which, you know, maybe some of us have a few more bucks than some of you schleppers like George, but nevertheless, it's like I've told you before,
there's the ultra-rich and all the rest of us, you know, you're thinking about a few bucks, a big deal.
But there's the ultra-rich that privilege for whom the clock stops, the whole world stops revolving when they feel like it.
Because they're the ones that make the world go round.
Whether you want, whether you like it or not.
Here's a mobile in temper of pine.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil, you know, we could save a lot of money if they just call footy up and ask him.
I mean, this morning on his show, he told how to plane crash, how he was flying the weather conditions, the landing conditions.
How the hell does he know how to plane crash when they didn't have a road weather where there were no radio reports and there was no witnesses? How does he know that?
He said he was watching something on TV and he was telling them how they got disoriented and how that was.
And he was watching that psychic hotline again with Spowe Griffin and Shirley Peters.
Well, but they could save a lot of money because footies are at all the answers. He was like right on the ball there.
Well, okay. He's also the one that tells you about yes on the SL-Tax, too. So I guess at least he's consistent. He's full of crap all the time.
He's an asshole.
5670560, pound 560 on a mobile line. Wasn't this last guy a little bit too old to be listening to Y100 anyway?
Uh-huh. Now that you mentioned it.
If you're over the age of 10, is there anybody in their right mind that listens to Y100?
No.
Here's the mobile in Miami. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, buddy. I'm usually with you, but this time I think the Americans primarily are going to go with this family being an icon.
And, you know, an icon?
Yeah, pretty much an icon there, Neil.
Uh-huh.
Not really a reverent thing, but hey, you know, a big figure nonetheless.
Listen, I mean, what does that mean?
It's just the greatest American family in our times.
And the 19th, uh, the greatest American family in my respect.
Well, politically, connect it.
How about the Roosevelt family?
Roosevelt, you know, they're up there, too. They're not alive and active.
Are they? They're not active in politics, charities.
Listen, that's not what I'm telling you. This is all about. I just think the angle of Rockefellers.
Rockefellers. There's a lot of Rockefeller money still out there.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah. They keep to themselves. Don't they, Neil?
What does that mean?
Rockefellers, they don't have any charitable foundations. The Rockefellers?
Yeah, but their lives aren't front and center in the media like the candidates tend to be...
Right. That's what I'm talking about.
So the fact that they're glamorous rich, the idle rich, as we call them,
the fact that they're rich in glamorous and upfront to make a bell of figura,
that's what makes them so great. Is that what you're saying?
Uh, you know what I am.
The Kennedy Smith was on trial for rape.
And when Michael Kennedy was accused of having sex with an underage babysitter,
is that what you mean by being out in the public eye?
Yeah, they're out in the public eye. There's a good thing.
And when Joe Jr. had a withdrawal from the gubernatorial race in Massachusetts
because of his messy divorce and his wife wrote a tell-all book and exposed what a flander he was, too.
Yeah, I think you got that going for you. You know, you're right on that regard.
I just really like that word. I'm just talking about what I'm talking about.
I'm just talking about it. I'm just talking about it.
You chapter in verse of what most of the... How about when David Kennedy died from a drug overdose,
that put him front and center on the front of the pages.
Did that make him part of a great family?
No, it made... Why? It made the family front and center in society's minds.
Right, sir. I hit with the front and center, too, okay?
So, hallelujah. What a bozo.
You know, I've been begging for somebody who disagrees, but that's just front and center.
Everybody front and center, okay? Go step in the line right now.
Come on, here we go.
Good. Got all mighty.
Front and center now. Come on. Right, left, left, left.
Right, left, left.
Go.
They're front and center. Yeah, they're famous.
They're famous.
So is Hermann Gering and Martin Borman, we're famous, too, okay?
I'm not comparing the Kennedys of today to Martin Borman,
but certainly Joe Kennedy, he was right in there.
He never met a Nazi didn't like. He was kind of like Pope Pius XII.
Similar.
Corrupt lot of money, all from illegitimate sources.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile-in-voientin' beach, hello?
Hey, yes, but this is our pointin' beach.
For whatever reason, the American people are fatuated with the Kennedys family.
Yes, sir.
They did a lot of things wrong, but they aren't fatuated,
and they hold them up to some pedestal.
And it's what it is.
For whatever reason.
I mean, it's not something logical, but they do hold them up on a pedestal.
So that reason they're concerned about JFK and what happened to them.
If you disagree, I think you're being insensitive,
and if you disagree with it, they'll watch it.
But I think they have to.
What do you mean I'm being insensitive?
Don't people die in accidents every day in this country?
Absolutely. Absolutely.
And we don't spend millions of dollars of taxpayer money to drag on a fruitless pointless search
way beyond the point at which it should have ended.
Well, I think they would have done it almost for anybody.
For Rockefeller, wouldn't they?
Yeah, they would have called the Pentagon for anybody, you know?
Well, again, because of what the family stands for in the America.
What is the benefit of...
The benefit of the logical reason for it,
that's the fact that's what the American people want.
I don't know. You and the last caller are the only two people I've talked to all day who feel that way.
Well, I put it this way.
If the people didn't feel that way, they wanted to listen.
And you've got magazines that put his face on the cover.
He's been on time alone 27 times.
And if there wasn't, if the people didn't like it, they wouldn't have voted.
Who's been on the cover of Time Magazine 27 times?
John Kennedy Jr.
John Kennedy Jr. was this morning I heard it on the day show.
Sure, John Kennedy Jr. has been on the front page of Time Magazine 27 times.
I'll eat the Styrofoam that my lunch came here today.
I'm not saying for just when he was an adult, I'm talking about the time he was a child.
Well, they've shown a one picture, that salute picture when he was three years old, probably 25 times.
Well, I'm not talking about that.
But for somebody from Time Magazine, they were asked why so many times.
People wanted it.
People wanted what?
The acceptance picture being on time.
They accepted. Did they take a poll?
When they put somebody on a front page of Time of Them when they're doing a person of the year and a second.
They want to put the magazine.
People who read Time Magazine, by no matter whose picture is on the cover,
unless it's going to be Hitler, which may be at the end of this year.
And all the psychotic Jews get bent out of shape because they don't want to understand what the poll was all about.
Other than that, nobody goes out and buys a magazine, a news magazine.
They might buy people magazine because somebody's on a cover.
They might buy Rolling Stone magazine because that medical and Ricky Martin's on the cover.
But other than that, people don't buy news magazine because John John is saluting on a cover or whatever.
56670560, 0560 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach. Hello.
Hello, Neil. How you doing?
Great. I got two words for the people that treat the attendees icon.
Jay Heads, that's where all the debris came in from the plane.
Right?
Yeah.
So, you know, the reason I really call, though, was to make it great Mars.
His son, I don't know if he knows this or not, is the imitator of Johnny Cochran.
He does all the impressions on the last episode of Seinfeld and in the commercial.
He does Johnny Cochran.
Right.
So, he's perpetuating the Greg Morris.
The legacy.
The legacy.
I don't give a sh** anymore.
Great.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
All right.
Whatever you said.
You know what he said?
No.
It was good.
560, 705, 60, pound, 560 on a mobile one line.
They're an icon.
How can a family be an icon?
Huh?
Can you explain that to me, sir?
Am I missing something there?
Isn't an icon an individual who has looked upon as some kind of a hero, some kind of a bigger than life?
You know, the whole Kennedy family is an icon representing what?
No, but that would include all of them.
When you say the family, including all the criminals, all the rapists, all the scumbags, the old man.
How's the old man doing, by the way, huh?
Don't forget the crazies.
And of course, the one that they had to stick away there with a lot of electroshock therapy.
Rosemary's baby.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Miami?
Yes.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I had a question about the tax system.
I didn't know the penny tax.
I know you mentioned it.
What is it?
What is that all about?
I'm ignorant to this.
Well, I think before you said to this, I think that's where the parish had gone.
Just say, no.
Okay, a week from Thursday, sir, all the way.
I have my doubts that you registered to vote.
Or would you know how to fit?
Just to have somebody put an expert says, no.
On the ballot.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
That election is going to be this.
That's what it's based on a week from Thursday.
If you think that JFK Jr., if you think that this action was extremely important and a major effect,
a thing in your life, vote yes.
If you couldn't give a crap less vote, no.
Okay?
That's what the election's all about.
Just vote no.
Here's a mobile and sunrise.
Hello?
Hello.
Oh, yeah, icons.
Aren't those things you get on your computer?
Yeah.
Those little icons.
A lot of overcute things.
And the only reason they haven't found JFK is because they haven't sent the brothers to
the rescue out there.
There you go.
That's something to think about.
Yeah.
Found them right away.
Especially if they would have been a Cuban on a plane.
They would have found them at no time.
And one other thing, the monument on the JFK courseway in North Bay Village was made by my brother-in-law.
Jose Pinto, just for somebody's information.
Okay, thank you.
But lots of overkill this weekend.
Okay, thank you so much.
His brother-in-law Jose Pingo made the monument on the 79th Street on the JFK courseway.
That's right.
I forgot that.
I forget who the hell ever calls it the JFK courseway.
You call it that?
No.
You used to drive over that thing twice a day, every day for years and years and years.
And we ever call it the JFK courseway?
No.
But nevertheless, probably pissed those Cubans off.
56070560, pound 560 on the Mobile One Line, 1226 at QAIM.
It's shrizzin out there.
Maybe it is like an oven.
You always asking about Bade County?
Oh, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Tell me that you love my eyes.
But I know that you keep on checking on my eyes.
Yup.
I'll play you for my favorite beer.
Check out my recipe, hoping I'm not for any reason.
All right.
You come onto me and whisper things in my ears.
And I found a star.
But if you wanna tell me,
You know, that thing about me,
I don't think you know.
I'm lonely.
Oh.
I said I'm sweet.
You should be scared of me.
Cause you could go to church and see when me.
If I'm free, you're when the friends are me.
She's 25, but she's just a thief.
No, 16.
I've been my last of three.
Daddy called a cosmonaut.
I've got self-propeccion, because I have to tell me.
It's not a mockup, it's funny.
I'm about to think right now.
Oh, my show.
She's a durian.
She'll think.
You should be scared of her.
You don't know.
You're the star.
She's 25.
She's 25.
She's just a thief.
Call 32 at 560.
A lot of rumors about Brittany, by the way,
some of the good news, some of the bad news is that she's really only 50.
And the good news is that they're real.
560, 560, on the mobile one line.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Is this a lady?
Yes.
Okay.
Is this Neil?
This is Neil.
Oh, Neil, are you a man?
Last time I checked.
Listen, I want to comment to you about your comments about the Kennedy having so much
news coverage.
Is it that you're angry with yourself?
Inherently, because such a fan-hound from gorgeous young specimen will not be available
probably for your bed or a bed?
Not at all.
Not my type at all.
I'm a fan of this.
Two old and two ugly.
Now I had no fan of this.
Exactly.
When I had the last time you looked at a mirror, that young man was never ugly.
I didn't say he was ugly.
I said he was nothing.
What do you mean?
What do you question?
Just like I said, he was nothing.
He was on a scale of 10.
I give him about a five and a half.
I mean, generous.
And I'd come up with that rating.
What?
What method did you come up with that rating?
A five?
Well, I sat here and I went.
Eeeh!
And then I said five and a half.
Crazy.
A five?
I said about a four and a half.
A 10.
And getting worse by the minute, too, by the way.
Why?
Water logged.
Okay, sweetheart.
Have a great day.
Okay, keep scrubbing away in that water melon.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on a mobile one line.
I'm just jealous because the end available for my bed.
Talk about getting a real life, honey.
Here's a mobile in four-letter, Dale.
Hello?
Hey, Uncle Dale.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Okay.
I think aliens got him.
Yeah.
I do.
Well, I mean, it just, you know, every batch of someone's going to say,
you know, they're going to make a story about that.
No, they're not.
You don't think so?
No.
Okay.
Just curious.
Okay.
Just curious.
How do you like that?
Well, we actually had some calls today, up until this point.
Just curious.
What can we say about that?
He's an asshole.
Yeah, thank you.
Okay.
400 open lines.
Now we got another hour, 25 minutes to go before the Hank Goldberg show from
Shuler State 2.
Donnie B.
Talking baseball at 6.
The Marlins had a red socks at Fenway later on like at 705.
Any interest at all in that crack?
No.
No.
You do realize it's only the 19th of July.
You got all the rest of July.
You got August and the whole month of September before this inseparable baseball season
finally ends.
And I understand.
I didn't read any of it because I wasn't here this weekend.
But evidently Dave Dumbbrowski, who had got into it with little dog on the morning show here last Thursday or Friday,
evidently Dave Dumbbrowski.
Now like so many other people like the Murys pointing fingers, oh it's the radio talk show people.
It's the talk shows in his town.
That's why people are turned off out of the Marlins.
Not because they lost a hundred and eight games last year and they may even do worse than that this year.
And they're trading away anybody that any fan might possibly have liked or related to.
That's right Dave.
Nice to see that you're hopping right in bed there with Brian and Terry Murray.
Pointing the finger, blaming everybody else for your own ineptitudes.
Here's a mobile in Vanita Springs.
Hey Neil, how are you doing buddy?
Pretty good sir.
Hey great show.
I just want to say I am so tired of these no life losers who obsess over the Kennedy family because they have no lives of their own.
Like this life bitch who's a busy fantasizing, she's just all of them.
Whatever this would make if he looked was a 10 or a 500, the fact is he's dead.
He never did a goddamn thing in his life to him off anything other than he was the son of a late president.
That's all.
Well they just obsess over the Kennedy family and I think it's really the media.
It was so thrilled with the Kennedy family and we'd gone down in a plane.
That would have been over in a few hours or we'd have got a little blurb on the second day.
A little blurb.
That's right. That's all you get man. It's a little blurb.
I just get so tired I just want to say your show rocks buddy. Have a good day.
Thanks pal.
Yep.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line is we continue searching for the ultimate truth here of the media being totally sick and disgusting and nauseating and taking every goddamn thing that happened and beating it to a bloody pulp squeezing every dime they possibly can.
Even on the time green show they didn't squeeze that cow's utter in the supermarket that day the way these people are squeezing the poor dead Kennedy's.
Although they sure give it a good score.
There you go the dead Kennedy's.
Well that'd be really tasteless and grotesque to do that.
That would be like playing a book of Brian Perity on this thing.
Here's the mobile in South Miami. Hello.
Yeah.
Yes here.
Yeah I just want to say they I think they'll replace this thing about the Kennedy's and this Cuban crashes down here.
But what I wanted to ask or get some comments on was you know all these Cubans come over from Cuba.
We got none against them.
Right.
But they come over here.
And we give them a check and everything.
So what are you talking about?
What does this have to do with the dead Kennedy's?
What are we talking about?
I just wanted to start with a Cuban stuff again.
Let's save it for a rainy day.
Okay pal.
Well we're really bored which we're not today.
We're supposed to get a check.
Yeah you're going to get a check.
Just like you're going to get that big check for filling in when I'm on vacation that little extra four or five hundred a week that they're going to stuff in your envelope.
No.
That'll be a cool day in hell.
I'll tell you that.
Cheap bastards.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
22 to 1 a QA in.
Oh the most disgusting program.
I urge everyone to complain to this station.
Tonight on a meeting.
I audition to loose black history month.
Hello.
I'm Jack Perkins.
Join me for a look at the legacy of African Americans who contributed to the black culture of today.
And 10 more minutes.
Arms mainly.
Slapy wife.
Eddie Anderson.
Roscoe Lee Brown.
Chelsea Brown.
Rocky Allen Ribby.
Eugene Robinson.
Tim Moore.
Low fly.
Shirley Hampton.
Gopped Codal.
Flores Milton Jacobs.
Meldemore.
Melbetos.
Lwanda Page.
Sambo.
Jackie Molfoffice.
Farina.
Buckweed.
Steppenfadget.
Irkall.
Urgesfeen Wade.
Godfrey Camber.
Whitman Mayo.
Butterfly McQueen.
Johnny Brown.
Bigmate Markham.
Willie Tyler.
Dan Lester.
Paul This One.
Ron P. Lee.
Paul Forty-Friethalbin preempted by the way by the best of JFK Jr. John John.
Here's a letter from Richard Friedman by the way.
The only great white hopefully got left in Dave County.
Who's a Central Editor of the Historical Museum of South Florida.
They are doing the same thing that all the other organizations are doing in Dave County.
And that is illegally sending out letters to all of their members.
Even though these are not for profit organizations as he points out.
They are encouraging a yes vote on the bullcrap metro rail tax a week from Thursday.
And leave it to Richard Friedman to call it on the carpet and turn him into God in feds.
Nice going there Dick.
56670560.
Here's a thing from Al Goldstein.
I wonder if there's like a little...
This isn't a tape for once, huh?
No, it's a stupid schedule.
I already have one.
Oh, it's a stupid schedule.
I thought maybe it was going to be a no responding to my very accurate, caustic message.
I left on his answering machine in Pomato Beach.
Telling him what a butt sucker we'd become, but I still love him.
And occasionally still might be interested in using that apartment in Amsterdam.
Oh, this is his itinerary, huh?
New York, New York, LA, San Francisco, Vegas, Amsterdam.
What a tough life, huh?
When you're big and fat and weigh 600 pounds, I'll go on.
I won't be in Amsterdam again for a long time.
Probably need somebody to keep that apartment warm, right?
Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I want to talk about the candidates.
It's great things they did.
Other wishes.
Was shaken hands with Hitler, making deals.
They talk about the candidates.
They weren't so great.
This tape wasn't bad, but it came from a family that was really bad, bad, bad.
Yep.
And then I would say a meal.
I don't know what we do without your program.
Listen, I just heard that tape about the great blacks and the contribution.
I had one name to that.
It's the old morning that guy has done a great great job.
tribute a lot back to the community.
If he asks me, okay, thank you, sir, whatever you say.
Just keep him off the station. That's all I ask.
Okay, just keep him out of here.
Keep him out of here.
5670560, pound 560 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello.
Neil, hi, sir. Great.
And you're searching for the truth that I think you already hit on it.
You gave the answer before.
I've been a commercial pilot since John Kennedy was about eight years old.
Aniformer flatt.
Good enough, I guess.
And we have a saying as pilots, there are no old, old pilots.
I think John, John, you know, just fit off a little bit more airplane than he would.
He could handle this ratings and his experience could handle.
Firstly, as a commercial pilot, I would not want to make a single edge in flight to Bimini at night.
And I have an instrument rating.
I would never even consider that.
He flew over more over the water than there is between four quarter-villains of Bimini.
And that's a flight that I could probably make another half an hour.
You know, it is there. I guess a lot of pilots take out responsibility.
I heard you mentioned it. I've read before that you probably got to push.
A lot of pilots get tired. They push on. A lot of pilots get nads. A lot of pilots get pressured.
And they have to make meetings. And they push themselves beyond their limits.
And probably he thought he could do it.
But that's what happens to guys who exceed their limits.
That's a pretty heavy duty airplane.
He had a handful of airplanes there. I've flown that particular aircraft.
That's like the aircraft many times before.
And it's enough. It's not a forgiving airplane.
Yeah. Okay.
Okay. Thanks.
Thanks.
56670560. A couple of clippings I'm porousine here.
I mean, the guys read on target, but I'm all these talking.
I'm porousine, couple of clippings that were sent to me from I was on vacation.
WQAM files lawsuit against new station.
A very jackass. Waffin denies trying to lure Joe Rose.
Oh, man.
Oh, man, oh, man.
So here's another big excuse for very jackass to have written yet the 85th
and a 4,000 part series of articles about Waffin, a station that is that were laughing.
And WQAM signed three year deal with UM.
Finally, after months and months of,
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
They, uh, so they got the announcement of the announcers.
No. For football, they'll consider Dave Lemma.
They'll consider Joe's a geeky.
Oh, my God.
There was a guy. He stuck.
Oh, my, oh, Jesus.
XUM Center done, Bailey.
Is the need to go in the carpet ads upon a wall.
Wions, these UM football analysts is expected to be hired by QM for the same job.
QM will consider Dave Lemma and Joe Zagaki.
Frank Ford and U of M, University of Massachusetts announced their mark van der Mir among others.
Mark is the best broadcast of the group said Greg Reed.
But it doesn't kiss a lot of cut it she's asked.
So they might give it to, um, Joe Zagaki.
Oh, my God. What a thought that is.
You want to go to an instant coma during a ballgame.
Just put his ass on there.
Like those times you do a little UM baseball.
Wow.
Man, get serious Greg.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Yeah, sir.
Neil, I got to say, you know, the Kennedy's are icons.
And the reason I say that is because if you look at rural Kennedy, she makes princess hand look like Pamela Anderson.
You know, and there's definitely an incest going on.
It's ridiculous. That's all I got.
If he just pulled her off a big oak tree and he did her husband or feature husband a favor.
So that's what I got a session.
Okay. Thanks for the very forgiving comments here, but whatever you said was right.
Look at this. Here's a whole bunch of hockey cards. Look at that.
That's the thing I thought was a bomb.
Here's Rob Pearson, Alexander Gidignick, when he was with the leaves for about two minutes.
Todd Gill, Mike Folino. Hey, how's it going?
A old Mike Felix Pop Van, Glenn Anderson, crazy man.
Look at this. Who is this from?
As I listen, every day I close the few Maple Leaf cards.
Just open a store, classic collectibles and coral springs.
Hope you enjoy the gift. Steve Levin and Mark Nero, who's probably fiddling up there.
And I wish they would have put the address of their store on here out of Gidignick.
Nice plug, but I'm sure they'll do that in the future.
Okay. Some more if they're in coral springs.
What's the name of the store? Doesn't even have the name of the store or classic collectibles.
Okay. Thank you very much, gentlemen.
Look at this. Look at a whole bunch of Maple Leaf cards. Here's Peter Zezel.
Oh, Drake Burrowski. Okay. Wait a minute. I'm going to have to take a few minutes off.
Squirt, Squirt.
Drake Burrowski. Of course, almost nobody in these cards are in the team anymore, but that's okay.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
Okay. Let's go.
We'll see what the Fbio throws.
Yeah.
Okay.
Father Smith was in the firstitive phase.
and back to you know i i i i could to extend i could sympathize you don't want
to see anybody dying away that that's right you know
you know anybody dying period it's uh... not a pleasant
exactly i agree with you do know harm to nobody okay
i was listening to the news about it the other day and they said that the
pennies
are the closest thing that we have to write in royal
yeah
right and think of myself
do they have any idea of where jfk's dad got all his money from
sure you know that the guy made all this money during prohibition
right you know uh... running you know it's ridiculous so where do they come
off with this stuff you know
well you know what maybe maybe what they mean indirectly and they don't even
understand what they mean is that you know what the all the forces in all the
uh... insanity and all the uh... misfits maybe that's what it's all about
uh... i can't figure it out works in britain that way
yeah apparently you know i can't figure it out but what the hell
can i get a shameless request maybe
uh... w a k w a k a school of broadcasting okay
all right thanks god say a pal have a great life five six seven o five sixty
home work as a press on baby somehow overcome this even though even though
yet the investigative role of reconstruction accident from the air
yeah see that there you go their psychotic seeing that
bop bop bop bop bop i mean every angle of this accident we got aviation
experts we got the dp divers diaries do it deeper
ok pop up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up
you know something new people once you're shut the guy dancing off there on cnm
MSNBC, CNBC, Fox Goddamn Freakin' 24 hour news, shut the things off, okay?
And give everybody a rest and get a chance for their record.
Take a breath. Man.
Just in and day two, just overwhelm you with with nothing,
where in this particular case, absolutely nothing.
I'll say one thing, never in the history of television.
Have they spent so many hours with so little information
and just kept banging away and bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam,
I mean, just relentless.
They brought people out that haven't been on a goddamn television in 600 years.
I wouldn't be surprised if they did drag Martin to Gronsky's body out
because I'm pretty sure he's dead or an adornail.
Just pop it up in a chair.
What do you say, Martin?
What do you think of this? You know the Kennedy's very well.
You were big on this political stuff.
Yeah.
Yeah, I couldn't agree more, Martin.
Here's Margate. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Okay, I agree with you about the press.
They have no credibility.
But I think you forgot an important point.
What is it?
I forgot that you haven't brought up.
What John Jr. represented to us
and grew up during the Kennedy years.
And then you did not grow up during the Kennedy years.
Oh, no, no, no.
About saying I'm saying for those of us, including you who grew up during the Kennedy years,
those were three years where we had hoped, where we had motivation.
We were in love with our president.
He had nothing to do with that?
Yes, he did.
Well, he did not.
He reminded us of that.
He was in a part of it.
He was three years old, but that president died.
But that's why he reminds us of that.
That picture of him saluting the cast of those reminds us of that.
Sure.
Sure, you're getting sucked into the hype.
Him saluting the casket has got nothing to do with the attitude of the American people.
That happened after the president was assassinated.
It had nothing to do with those three years plus when the president was in office.
How did you feel during those three years?
And didn't you feel cynical after the 60s ended?
What has that got to do with a little three-year-old kid with his hand over his head?
Like his mother told her to do.
He reminds us of that.
No, he does not.
Because you become so cynical.
It's got nothing to do with cynical or not.
It's just that he, because he was a member of the family, how about the dog?
If the Kennedy family dog was on the front page of the people, that remind you?
Yes.
Because in those three years, I felt, those are the only three years I felt good about our country.
Yeah.
Those are the only three years we were in love with our president and the first family.
Those are three days of our age of therapy.
Let me ask you a question, by the way.
How's Merlin Monroe doing?
Not too good.
Okay, thank you.
Just checking.
Of course, we could have played good by Norma Jean, because that's what all
the parodies are based on.
But that would be too serious, too morbid.
Anybody seen her lately?
No.
Dead.
Wonder how that happened.
See, if you want to give the sucked up and all that camel on.
I mean, I was a big fan of JFK, okay?
I would agree with it that he was young.
He was dynamic.
He was a great speaker.
He brought out our greatest hopes.
He was inspirational.
Yadi, yadi, yadi.
But you see now, in retrospect, we look back and we do a little bit of reading and a little bit of study.
And we realized that most of it was bullcrap.
In all the crap about how we had Jay Gayet, who were there with all the files, blackmailing
JFK and Bobby and everybody else had the goods on everybody.
It was born.
How's Pied Tolston doing, by the way?
I wonder if he and Gayet are doing it underground.
Do you think so?
I wouldn't be surprised.
Do you think that's a worm under there, huh?
Oh boy, it's the one to two hours.
The story of Ruff Palm Beach in the world.
Uncle Ted dude, throw on some boxer shorts, let's cruise our bar and rage with some vapes.
Excellent.
Our money, women, and food and tea.
Uncle Ted dude, let's use our ins in the past names to impress these vapes and do the wild things in the countdown.
No way, Bill.
That's why Ted.
Excellent.
They're rich, they're powerful.
They like to swim naked.
They're gonna be smitten.
Ted Kennedy and Bill and Ted's excellent adventure are two, the next Chinatillia.
Excellent.
I'm coming soon to look through to the U for today for a excellent.
Speaking of Ted, by the way, here's the biggest pervert I know.
How's the apartment coming out?
It's great, but I, you know, I am this truth is.
How both been who used to be, who used to enjoy being on the receiving end of sucking,
but now has become one of the biggest suckles in the history of journalism?
Anyway.
I am doing how it went into the week because I want to push through Mac, Doug.
Yeah, but you are doing how?
I am a who.
But did I say you were better than he was?
I really, I appreciated the nice things you said about me, but the shameless way, I mean,
she is.
I am a who, I don't like.
I know those expensive divorces can be a mess, but Jesus,
you know, Jordan, may it count on you to have a little bit of balls?
Who the hell can we count?
You know, it's funny.
My office called me out.
We're going to do a sad tie on the kid who died.
And at first I felt, well, I sort of liked him because he's handsome and he gets more
women than I do, but we're going to tear him a new, you know, rectum.
Good.
But for a moment, I almost was sensitive.
Then I heard you this morning and I said about what, based on what?
What did he ever accomplish?
That's what did he ever do.
But he would encourage me to be the crude,
good, tasteless, good being I am.
So you were losing it.
Leave it to me to bring it back to me.
That's true.
It's true.
By the way, I was 280.
I gained eight pounds because I would, it's your fault because I two blocks from my
apartment.
I swear this is true.
There's a place in Amsterdam, a new monk that sells Ben and Jerry's,
Sharpie, Hobby, and of course, fish food.
And I get stoned and I would eat and I'm up eight pounds.
Yeah.
I'm 28, I'm not 600.
But you see George makes a great point.
You and I cannot talk about two things.
Women because you're a fat.
And number two, we can't talk about drugs because you're drug free.
That makes that was Showsborne.
But I didn't want to say, no, you're boring.
I mean, it's like, I don't like hot,
I had never gone to hockey.
You've never invited me.
Yeah.
Good.
I can't afford to ask your seats.
I see a soap opera, I don't care about.
But the good news is Oregon Forest.
Finally, I'm doing colonel Brian.
Neil, Neil, it's a phrase.
Why are you telling me these things?
We're not asking for your plug for the audience now because you're shameless.
You're shameless.
You can't stand these people.
You know there are a bunch of no talent ad suckers.
And you want to go on it and plug your screw magazine.
Instead of talking about JFK Jr.
and that boring George magazine,
you ought to be talking about screw magazine.
I'm bringing payway with me and colonel,
you know, colonel goes to Hopper, you know, is a hopper.
Hopper, Gregor, I am so low and contemptible.
You I love, I really, I'm so fond of you.
I am not particularly gay, but because of your atheism,
nobody has your, your balls.
I mean, you know, I don't, I don't want to do suck up and you know,
you're God, but you are.
But even though you're on your local radio, I'll still do you.
Yeah.
I'll pass.
You see a problem in Holland.
I was there two weeks ago.
Oh, I went to an oyster farm near Antwerp.
The food is so good.
Have you ever had muscles in an Amsterdam?
Have you ever seen me naked?
You know, I don't never had muscles.
I had muscles like you and Ron Jeremy had muscles.
Yeah, you're the only guy who picks up a male hustler,
who's fat.
Yeah, that's what you think.
That's what you hope.
That's what you pray.
Oh, I was thinking about you.
And I got news for anybody that picks up hustlers in Amsterdam
that can't get laid without paying for it, is really desperate.
But no, when you go to those KC,
it is they get the best glory holes.
There you go.
Well, it sounds like the voice of experience to me.
Well, I am, you know, I've done, I've done guys.
And I'd let the guy do.
I'd like to do me a drop at the drop of parapence.
If you're a friend, you can see.
Oh, I'm into my house in Amsterdam.
You see a problem here.
You were in the Krasnopovsky.
Enough already.
I don't stay at the Krasnopovsky.
And by the way, last time you were there,
you left on a Saturday, because George came in to schedule.
We got there on Friday.
John went over there on Saturday and was going to go in
and actually heard the sounds of like the TV was on.
Or you were still inside, turned around and flew out of there.
Okay, but the apartment.
And especially after what he just heard, you say,
I'm sure next time you won't go anywhere near there,
if there's any chance you might be in there.
So I have a big screen TV.
I'm four blocks from all the cruising places.
Yeah, you got a great location.
It's fantastic.
You can see the apartment.
It's wonderful.
I'm saying you'll pay $300.
I wouldn't go anywhere near.
I don't know your million one.
He goes in there and watches the tape stuff off the VVCR.
I wouldn't go anywhere near.
I have DVD now.
Don't think it, yeah, that's what I'm afraid of,
that you've got DVD and DVD and whatever else you got.
That's what I'm afraid of.
God only knows what's crawling on there.
When you go next to Amsterdam.
End of August.
Well, you see a pause?
Okay.
Okay, promise me.
Now I'll go over there.
I'll stick my key in there.
A final hustler thing, screw mag.com.
The best point on the next.
Okay, now that we can't get George Magazine anymore
and get JFK Jr. naked ever again,
I guess we have to resort to www.scrubag.com.
Have you got the coffee on my movie
where I perform tunneling?
It's hot wheels, high heels.
Oh, in the middle of my lunch.
No, I didn't think you were going to find that.
Right in the middle of my lunch.
You don't know.
Oh, God.
It's a crazy to turn off your appetite.
Think of me performing tunneling.
That'll do it.
Are you feeling good?
My meal's coming back for seconds.
Okay, I love you.
See you, Al.
Okay, the disgusting Al Goldstein.
I saw it.
Yeah, you told me about three seconds.
I'm going to give it that thing with him and Ron Jeremy.
Jesus Christ.
Oh, even cats have never seen so many
fur balls in their lives as they're an Ed thing.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T line.
Timberpine, Zillow.
Hello, Uncle Nail.
Yes, sir.
Yes.
I agree with you 99 and 44, 100% of the time.
But the one thing you don't understand about the Kennedys
is that once you're related to them and since JFK was
assassinated, they passed a law that the secret service will
protect you for the rest of your life.
And that includes all the siblings and the sisters and the brothers
and that's why this total thing is going on.
But I agree with you.
The secret service protects all the Kennedys?
Yes.
I hate to say it.
And Astle has 13 children.
Astle?
Astle.
She's crazy in the bedbugs.
She talks to psychics, you know, and she
talks to her husband.
Seriously, she's crazy in a bedbugs.
Have you seen her son Bobby Jr.
identical?
Yeah.
At his face, it's like they took his face out of the grave
and put it on her son.
Yeah, my hearing gives good face.
OK, thanks for the good news.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
You think with all that money, you know,
the fan that could do something about those teeth.
You're looking for glory holes.
Crapital records is proud to present the Elvis album,
Everyone's been waiting for it's Elvis in Seattle.
I don't mind.
It was real and brilliant.
From the mouth of decadence, I'm getting hungry.
I hear it.
Give me a cheaper man.
And see if the girls can't let the resign.
I'm getting hungry.
That's right.
The King of Rock and Roll.
Let's play the King of.
I'm going to play the King of Rock and Roll.
I'm going to play the King of Rock and Roll.
I'm going to play the King of Rock and Roll.
I'm going to play the King of Rock and Roll.
I'm going to play the King of Rock and Roll.
I'm going to play the King of Rock and Roll.
Here.
I get over here and now I to head out to the
advancing battle with holding onto
the
Looking at all of this three play kesel is
putting a couple of things on Emerald Wades according to your
he asked lawsuits that they were trying to defer, you know, Joe Rose's contract ends in December.
Now if they had someone that had no one that has contract ends in December,
which seemed to me that based on all of my years in the business,
they had every right to inquire as to whether he was going to renew his contract
to a QAN or the Reheta non-compete clause.
Ready of those things?
They have every right to investigate on that without a breach of contract.
As a matter of fact, it seems to me as I look back as I think back to my first
contacts with Greg Reed.
Oh, excuse me.
Yeah. Of course I had that window in my contract, but nevertheless.
Just another silly ask to the paranoia.
In fact, there's a statement here by the attorney for Waffen, who says,
with all the respect to WQM's attorney, this is a baseless complaint by a desperate station
that is now encountering a formidable competitive in the industry.
Which of course the formidable part is a joke, but the fact that they're reacting
to it before they even go on the air shows you how insecure and desperate Mr. Reed happens to be.
And speaking of Mr. Reed, you know, America's greatest family, the Kennedys,
how about the Clevers?
Huh? The Simpsons?
The Nelson's?
The bunkers.
The bunkers? There you go.
The Jefferson's?
The Kennedys America's most famous family.
You're great.
Here's a mobile in for a lottery.
Hello?
Mobile in for a lottery.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, man?
OK.
Good.
I'm so thankful that I am only 28 years old.
Yeah.
Because I'm not far down in the memories of JFK.
I'm fortunate enough to have read and have seen video and make my own decisions
rather than being caught up in Australia.
Yeah, this guy that called before, I mean, seems to me he's caught in a time war.
In the three best years of his life.
In the 60s?
Sounds to me like it's time for, you know.
He should have gone to find which is in Virginia.
Those are three best years of his life.
Right.
Oh, man.
The fact that this guy, the kid doesn't find anything.
I don't respect the guy.
It's a tragedy.
Human tragedy.
The guy got a tremendous amount of public on women.
But other than that, he ran a magazine.
He didn't just answer.
Didn't come up with a kill for eight or anything.
He runs a magazine.
He was in and out.
He's in the post of account.
I'm not sure many tears, man.
That's all I can tell you.
Life will go on.
Life will go on and the world will spin around and have a great day and get a new phone, please.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pun.
In fact, we need a new phone in here.
This thing ain't disconnected real good.
And you press the buttons and they're all getting like number six.
They're getting harder and harder.
It's getting hard, baby.
Really, really hard.
Maybe that dark, complex, it bit's that called earlier.
Maybe she could call back, okay?
Because it's getting just about hard enough for her.
Now that she's worn a cue, come around.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, on top of all this, they're having another demonstration in downtown Miami.
About one.
The pure love alliance.
Which is what?
Some bunch of college kids running around talking about how a relationship between a man
and a woman only is a cherished relationship from God.
To practice abstinence and saying that the first amendment is garbage and that Larry
and Flatton now go see and all the other people with Playboy and all that stuff need to
rot and ill.
And they're marching around downtown Miami beating drums and tying up traffic.
Yeah, tying up traffic also?
Yeah, because they were crossing the street and people are slowing down to watch what
and the hell they're doing.
But they're not out there blocking the streets, though.
They were crossing through traffic.
Okay, thank you.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60.
She's just a little bit hysterical.
Okay, she's just a little bit carried away that queen.
What would they do?
They were crossing, cross dressing, I think is what he said.
Here's Miami Lake.
Hello?
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I was watching John this thing on John John Lapland.
I'm listening to B.C.
You know, it's bored.
Anyway, I swear to God.
One of the co-starth guys is going to be here.
I said one of the head guys, he goes, we're doing no more or no less than we would do for any other plane that went down under some more circumstances.
Absolutely.
They would always call a Pentagon and call a president and get the Joint Chiefs of Staff together in the FBI and the Secret Service and the CIA.
I mean, if your brother-in-law got forbid went down in the plane, they would call up all those agencies and spend at least $4,000,000,000.
They make sure they did everything they could.
They got three of the most advanced sooner ships in the world.
They got to think of my short brass one down out there, you know.
I'd be riding down there forever.
But anyway, talk about sleeping with the fishes.
Hello?
I'm here.
Yeah.
Anyway, I want to ask you something else.
I'm a little confused about the underage laws for sex.
Is it like 18?
Is that it?
In America, 35.
But you know, it's confusing.
35, sir.
And that's for men for women 54.
Well, I asked five different people.
I get five different opinions about that.
Yeah.
And the drummer, I'm going to band.
The drummer.
Yeah.
The drummer in his band just knocked his phone out of his hand, I think.
Nice going, air pal.
Good shot.
Just like dead.
The drummer in his band is banging a 13-year-old chick.
How do you like that?
Yes, he does.
Five, if it was good enough for Roman Polanski, baby.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on the 18 T wireless line.
Why are you airing shit like this?
Here's a mobile in West Palm.
Hello?
Yeah, hello?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, you, you, first of all, you should tell your station to get it so we can hear you better
up here.
You, you, it fades in and out because your signal's not strong.
I thought if we talk louder, how's that?
A little better.
And I'll tell you guys the money too, probably if you just scream.
Well, that was, that would help.
But a lot of screamers over here.
Just, just on the JFK thing, I think the biggest problem with it is, the only decent one did die.
And the rest are just scumbags who are still around in America.
I think that's the biggest problem.
That's why it's making so many headlines.
The only decent one did just die.
I mean, if you want some of a decent human being because you, the rest of the Kennedys,
just a bunch of scumbags.
Well, how do you know that?
There's like 87 more.
Do you know all of them?
No, I'm just, just, just, just, just, just from what you read.
But anyway, it's also the secret service.
How's it get city?
They still cover the family?
Where's the intelligence there?
That.
Anyway, five, six, seven, oh five, six, yeah, I like it.
As soon as one they say anyway, that's always a good time like, see ya.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
So we keep pressing along, singing a song.
And guess what they're talking about on CNN, is it something different now?
Boy, look, you got to work on those vacations.
Don't wear it to go, I guess.
Yeah.
Valley boss me in the Oklahoma play.
Oh, look at this.
How are we?
The boss is doing the weather.
It's not a high-annisport or Martha's Vineyard or gay head or any of those other places.
Let's hear it for Valerie.
You know, she sucks on the weather.
Here's a mobile in Miami Beach.
Hello.
How are you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
Yeah, about the Jonathan Kennedy Jr.
The plane that he was flying, you need a, just a license just to read the controls on the plane.
He wasn't even, he could have all the hours in the air he watched, but if he can't read those controls, it's the death trap form.
I mean, he's up there.
I mean, that's too much plane form and a normal pilot wouldn't even consider flying that plane in like fog or in haze or at night.
That's what they all said, yeah.
You know, Charles Wimberg, I don't think would fly.
Maybe Eddie Borgis.
Eddie Borgis probably would have.
But not Tony Borgis.
Eddie Borgis.
Yeah.
It's so ponderous, so boring.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the 18th.
See, I actually expected this first couple hours this morning that we would really keep this up for four hours and people are really just jumping through the phone.
Jumping with excitement.
But then I remember this is Miami, yeah.
And all of a sudden that lunch, great lunch from Chuck by the way over the subset of what it's starting to make some very serious progress and my body doesn't realize it's only like 123.
Not time yet, okay?
Just calm down, please.
It's not time yet.
And besides Jason didn't bring it as brownie camera today.
Yeah, where else could you possibly work?
I was thinking about that over the weekend.
Where could you possibly work?
What radio station?
What factory?
What shoe shine joint?
Where in the world could you possibly work?
Where one of your co-workers would bring you in a Polaroid snapshot of one of his turds in the toilet.
And it would be shaped like a J.
J.
J.
Just think about that a while, okay?
I mean, I've been around a block a few times.
I've worked in a lot of places with a lot of people, nice people, bad people, strange people, very normal boring people.
And of course, I sure hope that Jason's mind isn't listening because it would be real embarrassing for it to find out that our son has taken pictures of his cool party like that and passing him around for everybody to see.
Here's a mobile and camera.
Hello, hello.
A mobile and camera.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You done it again, baby.
Young man, 38-year-old guys, wonderful family.
It does a great thing.
It's a bad thing, but I do.
This is a great thing.
And you rip him.
And what do you do?
You make a mockery.
You make the mockery out of his debt.
You're a scumbag.
Yeah.
Thank you.
That, that, that, that, that.
Yeah, did some wonderful things.
I'm sorry.
I started asking him, yeah, wonderful family, a full-anderers.
And when I just asked him a very simple question, very quietly, what did he do that was wondering, but that, that, that, that, you're out, yeah.
I've done it again.
Yes, sir, I have done it again.
I pulled it exactly the way it is.
But thanks for your, very, phony, your very fake, labor-wise, and call, okay?
Jackass.
That guy, you know, this is over and over and over with him.
Find, get the same search part of the user to try to find the bodies in the plane up there.
Get him and see if they can't find you alive, okay, sir?
You're terminal.
Mobile or West Palm.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
He will be Timesman of the Year right now.
No, he won't.
Guaranteed.
They love him.
They suck it up like the Hoover.
No, he won't.
I'm telling you, I'll call you back when he makes it.
Okay.
That'll go.
Okay, call me, Jayne.
Where are three of your phones working?
560-560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
I'm telling you right now, he will not be Timesman of the Year.
In addition to which their man of the Year isn't this going to be the Millennium thing that they're having the big Buhaha about?
Yeah, that's the thing that they're having the biggest psychotic thing about.
Is it going to be Hitler?
Is it going to be Yitzhak Rabin?
Which all the Orthodox Jews were writing in 1,000 votes apiece?
How about Al Goldstein, huh?
No.
That was before he became a pussy.
Al was right up there.
He was right up there with Hitler and those other guys.
He was the one Jew we had hoped for, but then all of a sudden he cracked out.
He sold out.
Totally sold out just for a few free plugs for that stupid website of his.
But I sure like that apartment name today, Malief, no I've never been inside it.
A slanted four-eighths evolved from men.
People saw bring this into the camp, withdrawing money from their banks.
You're such a bunch of silly geek.
Acting like paranoia creeps off.
You've been leaving why to care.
Why to care, why to care, why to care.
I feel some things I'd say.
I really don't need to hide and pray no.
You've been leaving why to care.
Why to care, why to care, why to care.
I feel some things I'd say.
I really don't need to hide and pray no.
I'm going to show the covers, time, Newsweek, US News.
He's already got to be on this coming week's traditions every guy's their news magazine.
So forget about Man of the Year.
And they show the New Yorkers there, they're carrying on New York, they got flowers, they got balloons outside the residence in New York.
See what seemed to me that we got all of these people, like the guy I called a few calls ago,
that had those three good years of his life and the rest of it was filo-crap.
A whole bunch of people from my generation who are living in the past.
You can't live in the past, okay?
And Camelot was just bullcrap.
It was just garbage.
It was swill, it was make believe.
It was kaka.
It was the greatest example in history of what you see is not what you get.
So if you want to live your life just wallowing in the past from like 36 years ago to 40 years ago,
that's like so many people that got in this town who are wallowing in the past, the crap that happened 40 years ago.
The ones that are going.
And Camelot can't move on and get a freaking life.
Same thing.
Here's a call in Davy.
Hello?
Welcome Neil.
Yes sir.
Hi. Before I ask you my question, just want to suck your ass for a second and tell you that you rule what I worship you.
Yes sir.
Okay.
Anyway, here's my serious question.
How the hell is Ron Jeremy not dead of AIDS or some other kind of STD?
Walking.
Exactly.
Is it amazing?
Yeah.
And if he died, I think he should get 24 hour coverage instead of JFK junior.
No, I don't think so.
Okay.
Maybe Peter and Peter North.
Peter North?
Tom, not anymore.
Okay.
See ya.
567-0560, Rocco's Differready, whatever the hell is the Differrelli.
That's one thing about all those porn actors I should ask the alibot that they got, you know, 15 different names.
But it still looks the same.
567-0560, 05-60 on the AT&T wireless line.
But there's only one Peter North.
And it never changes direction.
You notice that?
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
Hey, how you doing?
I just wanted to comment on that guy who called a couple of calls ago and called you a comeback and all that crap.
Yeah.
I finally figured out why people call and say that you're the anti-crash and all that crap because they can't stand a pinionated people.
They can not stand people that-
Well, they can't stand the truth.
They can't handle the truth.
And I just like to say that, you know, you do a good job and so does George and I always listen to you guys every day.
Okay.
All right man.
Thanks a lot.
I'll read the urge.
5, that was a contrab call anyway.
That guy is so fake with a stage.
You've done it again.
In fact, he may be the same guy that said, remember when the error clapped and think, oh, you've done it now.
You've gone over the edge.
This will put you right off the ear.
You've lost touch with the audience on your insensitivity with his error clapped and killed with a baby flying out the window.
And that was long afterward, by the way.
And I'm not suggesting there was anything funny about somebody dying in a plane crash, but there was something really sick about the media's obsessive fascination and morbid carrying on here about the candidates in particular this one who left a legacy of nothing.
A magazine.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Headgoalberg show a two from Shula State 2, 6 o'clock Donnie V, 630 we got the pregame show.
Marlon's at Fenway in a red sock, 705. Any interest in that?
No.
Maybe they'll blow another one.
They can go out better than Monica.
I'll tell you that.
Here's the mobile and deer field.
Hello?
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
I'll tell you what. This media thing is driving me crazy.
You know, you flip on the TV all weekend and all you see is breaking news.
MSNBC and John Gibson and the crowd.
You know, they have these remote live setups on the beach there.
And you know all they're looking for is the head to wash up on shores like that.
They're just some naked, kind of good cut on.
You know, and John Gibson is going to go on about this for the next four months because it's the newest thing in all life.
He is the worst of all of them.
John Gibson is the media anti-Christ.
Oh, he's terrible.
He is terrible under...
He's the MoJ for him.
And Bill Gates sponsoring MSNBC just drives me up the wall.
I mean, he's a 2D3 as it goes there.
But, you know, I just, I don't appreciate that crap man.
Watching John Gibson's that they're talking about.
Now that's all we're going to hear about is JFK for the next six, eight months.
Not me, I won't watch it.
I'd like to shoot the TV like Elvis, man.
Okay, pal.
Get a deck of cards.
Yep.
A little solitaire sounds good.
Ow!
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, eight, pound five, six, eight, eighteen, tea, wireless line.
Get you a genifer low-pays and Britney Spears video in deck of cards, a little solitaire reaction, never heard anybody.
Nobody ever got any diseases from that.
Twenty, three, four, two, at five, six, eight, eight, and two.
become that by the way there's a new show in time that opened this weekend at
the drama center called naked boys singing that's a must see a huge success I
can't tell you how big in LA for more than a year and a half it opens simultaneously
off Broadway in New York as well as in soft-floor to the rave reviews naked boys
singing is an outrageous new musical review revolving around well the male nakedness
and if you think that's funny book of Brian just walked in but don't let that
scare you beyond the new naked boys singing delivers 15 first rate original
numbers vibrant choreography and seriously clever staging the critics have
called it cheeky black dough light-hearted comedy it's a great show that'll
leave you laughing big time eight weekly performances scheduled for Monday and
Wednesday through Friday at 8.30 p.m. Saturdays at 8.11 p.m. and Sundays at
4.8 at the drama center and near field beach located just west of I-95 in
Hillsboro
listen to the sound of the song falling
playing
hovering into the heat
you think of both humiliating there like JFK could afford a better flame
this JFK at 4.5 p.m. would have known a pie for a cup of cheap and crappy
thing that's low a gun they definitely had about the only way
now pet me only one that left a life today from what they called a Kennedy curse
if Doris he feel gallantly for the life she's made here up it's only gonna get
for
one forty three five sixty double the Q.A.M. hey how about Dorothy kill
Kelly I know how she really died I know what the inside story there her and
Jack Ruby and all that stuff nobody knows how's Maryland on road to them
here's a lady in for a lot of the whole
don't complain about no calls I've been on here for
sixteen minutes and fifty four seconds yeah okay has anyone called to give you
the real scoop of what happened
which was reported on channel seven just before they went up here
no okay here's what really happened which let's pull John John off the hook a
little bit okay a couple of days before Saturday which they were to go over for
the wedding yeah he was talking to his old buddy now don't make me say who they were
I can't remember all these names so many are you know you hear so many he was
talking to him telling about his gonna fly over for the wedding and he said
Caroline is insisting that I take her sister he said which I don't want to do
because I'm going to have to drop her off at one place and then take off again
and go on up to Martha's wherever it is
Martha's been and he said I don't want to do that because he said I don't want to
take off and land twice and he admitted
been talking to his buddy that he did not have instruments
training and he just didn't want to do this at all
and then the other thing it was not planned to take off at that on
godly hour where darkness was taking off but his wife again insisted on
waving be closer sister had to work like now but the time
I guess you'll be working anymore by the time her sister got over time there
but the time her sister got off work and they battled the traffic to the airport
there they were now I'm sure you saw this guy that they interviewed over and
over at the airport the pile yeah no way yeah that he said no way he said too
hazy he said purple haze he said that gun done came in and then a little bit
later his wife arrived in another car and he said they stood out there
talking for a long time and he said I just wondered if they were discussing
whether it was wise to take off I heard that Ted volunteer to come down and pick
him up and drive him up there and they said no we'll take our chances with the
plan well here's the lesson to be learned if you guys yeah
are married and you're going to let a wife who insists on doing it her way
we'll bring you bring your flowers that's right okay sweetheart isn't that
something don't get in the car with Ted and said he didn't want to take off
at that right okay all right yeah we'll be all right we'll survive 146 at 560
WQAM 567 05 60 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line they're analyzing
they're turning it upside down backwards my favorite over the weekend was when
they would bring somebody on that I just got a desperation to kill some time
and well weren't you you know I like who's that puts oh for there's so many of them
the one that used to be real tight with the Clintons I can't think of what
the other name is oh oh no it's the guy from the Richard Brill from Brill's
content you know the one that wrote the hospital article and started a
home on a business and then turned around and apologized that puts well didn't
you know no well didn't you meet him no didn't you want to interview it no
then what the hell are you doing here yeah that's really you've got to
feed them they want to say what the hell are you doing here and he said yeah you
asked me man here's your field beach hello hey now how you doing okay sir hey
uh this mean that we're gonna have to see the pillbox out again by sure hope not
all right that's what I mean that's scary isn't it yeah whoosh yeah it was up in
Kingston this past weekend yeah and uh whether it was great yeah people were great and and I didn't
crash okay and congratulations to you okay yeah but you sure are still boring okay five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line wow here's a mobile invoke hello mobile
invoke with a radio turned way up loud going well hello hello yes sir okay all right just
had a comment here for all these people call them the Kennedy's the greatest family we forget about
the Baldwin yeah good point thank you how about the Ricardo's five six seven oh five sixty pound
five sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's a mobile and sunrise hello Neil God yes sir
listen how about that why you said if that were you or I would they be looking for us like that
and I said no anyway my wife had never heard your program we took the kids to the beach on Friday
yeah and we're listening the whole time you were there and you read this piece from the Toronto
star about foul movement you what date was that newspaper July the ninth got it in front of me right
here Toronto star you're live good nice good I tried looking up on the internet I couldn't find it
and can I call somebody do you say yes sir Eric sit down you're off the way man okay thank you five
six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's Miami hello okay good
good there you go there we call up all the networks right now okay we found them we found them
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line oh leave it to us leave it
to this show to shift through all the bull crap okay
