Blackdose.
Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Ford Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
You can talk to Neil called 560 560 toll free for David Brairo.
Or home 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect
those of WQAM, easily read acquisitions or the Beasley Broadcast Group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
All right.
And he won't come down because he loves his tools with strawberry peel.
He's making drug deals as long as he can hit about strawberry snacks that forever.
Now when he's swinging his strike three, how's that he must be high on blow?
He's got massive brakes.
And all the little kids will think that it's your right to get real high and grab a bat.
Yes.
Let me take you down to the stadium for a strawberry peel.
While making drug deals, the NASA gonna kick him out.
Strawberry rehab forever.
Strawberry rehab forever.
Peel strawberry real forever.
Peel strawberry real forever.
Hello, dear strawberry.
I'm going to take you down to the platform.
I'll take you down.
I'm going to take you down to the platform.
I'm going to take you down to the platform.
I'm going to take you down to the platform.
I'm going to take you down to the platform.
I'm going to take you down to the platform.
I'm going to take you down to the platform.
I'm going to take you down to the platform.
I'm going to take you down to the platform.
floornothing.
Iris.
Iris.
Iris.
Iris.
I thought she was the real baby.
in this audience let's see how long it takes before somebody calls in the show
and admits they watched some last night's golf on ABC did I watch it no the
George watch it no did anybody is building watch it and I hope not well I
forgot about the sports nerds golf in prime time how long you think it's
gonna be before somebody calls it and says they watched it and even if they
enjoyed it and they would watch it again and they taped it and they'd be
watching it right now over and over again while squeezing themselves vigorously
no doubt strawberry is not eligible to play on Wednesday let's hear it how
many chances more than they ever ready yet more than Alan Spalding I'm
guiding light all right you forgot to reset the phone we were so busy doing
all this stuff in here now we had a call or two but you'll have to reset the
phone here we go wait a minute
okay you'll have to call again sorry yeah if we don't reset the phone air
every single day here our cheap JC penny equipment I'm sorry I apologize to
JC penny our cheap crezghies a little worth the dime store equipment doesn't
work she always gonna grab the cool because it was the golf line there's
actually somebody on it wq a golf line hello I actually want golf last night
and I enjoyed it oh oh oh oh yeah I would watch it again oh no come on I
swear to you I really know way how could you possibly enjoy it look can I ask
your one thing what did they do since there was a so there was a match
term in only two guys what did they do to fill in the time in between while
they were sauntering up the course there was some perspicacious analysis yeah by
by former champion Curtis Strange oh that's strange yeah yeah it you know what
it was it was quite boring between shots but the golf was exciting right here
a golf kind of like a porn movie boring between shots scored scored but made
up for it I enjoyed it that's all I wanted to say congratulations sir to you
for having the honesty to admit it thank you thank you for praising the call okay
we'll see you how do you like that there's an honest man he watched it
I enjoyed it I like it that's all too what he's really trying to say is I have no
lot and TV's pretty boring see I hate to break the news to all you fanatics out
there all you militant fill in the blank whatever you are you ethnic but like I
said a couple weeks ago when they all brought this crap up a lot there's not
enough black shows has been we don't care how about putting on a good show wow
what a concept a show that might be entertaining that somebody might enjoy well
by the way that horrible movie that we talked about yesterday which I'm sure
we get more calls about today just take it in money like handover a
limperist just unbelievable hype will do that the Blair Witch Witch will
have the Tony whatever project the puke cam witch one's got the Tony so
evidently it goes to show you that hype really sells because everybody I
talked to after the show yesterday I spoke to 752 people so I'm just like in the
elevator on the way downstairs and they were like gagging I just mentioned the
movie and they're puking all over their shoes so we have a few people that
watched the golf last night and a few people that are all excited about
Daryl strawberry coming back even though he's going to the minus first there's
one of them just walked into a right now a man with no printable whatsoever
Joe Costello who's all excited that Daryl's coming back sterile Daryl although I
notice he's not wearing his Yankee outfit today thank God for that that would be a
bad day to be wearing that thing today on a disgraceful day in which
commissioner Bud Light is Hank calls him Bud Light piece of turd a
walk a turd with two legs that's Bud Seelig a turd on two legs let's him come
back a week early and he'll report the triple a Columbus of the
International League tomorrow and ready to rock it roll then George Horace's
will be about a week later now call him up and there he'll be again
swatting their Yankee stadium he'll be swatting it yeah the nose nose
baby pieces scum piece I mean how many chances do you get Steve how and Hank is
right I heard him talking about that they that was a you know a pressure
thing the union oh yeah that's right you got to give another 20 or 30 chances
you got to get him back in there okay whatever you say so I get a letter
yesterday from the post office see this is a this is probably of no interest
to 99% of the people in the audience but I really don't care because I'm
looking for it just easy so I don't have to make a call out it's easier to
take calls coming in no and your postal customer this is about my I have one
of those pitney pose postal meters which is a lot easier with all the damn
bills I have to pay in Senate of five six seven thousand bills that I have to
pay every month so I like my postage meter but nevertheless I record
indicate that postage meter number so and so it's registered to you and is
overdue for the required examination I may go to jail before this
day is out an annual meter examination by a postal employee is mandatory for
meters that are separately via telephone the purpose of the examination is to
ensure that the meter is in satisfactory condition to protect your interest
and that of the postal service in the event of a malfunction at your
junction the required exam is based on the anniversary day of the meter your
meter was due for the annual exam June 25th 1998 I'm over a year late for
Christ's sake please take your meter in this letter to your nearest post office by
August 11th 99 for the examination and it's got a whole thing that they have
to fill out here on the bottom my answer is I'm not taking I mean the whole
purpose of getting that is so you don't have to go to the post office examine
what what are they going to examine that's probably it probably to take your
postage meter to the post office and the guy says bend over please yeah sticks
his finger deep inside your back okay you can take it back now it looks okay to
me how do you like that so maybe somebody can and because it seems to me I
called the pitney most people last year when I got a similar kind of a notice
and I said what the hell is this about now I don't worry about that it doesn't apply to you
huh they're very nice and very convenient but not exactly worth going to the
Pokey for if you catch my drip so maybe we have some postal nerd in the
audience who can inform me what to do about that where to stick it play like men
and they look like women how young is too young
you tell me that you love my eyes but I know that you keep on checking up my
mind I'll tell you cuz I'm very good check out my
waving
I'm
Cause you could don't a chance if you'll see with me
Alright
It's my free
You and your friends are me
She lives 25 but she's just that
How young you two young?
Perfectly
I've been my last of three
Daddy called the cosmonaut
Oh
My best off perfection is
Because I have to tell me
I'm a maca
Catch by me
Rrr
I was just saying
What am I?
Of my soul
Black dumb
She's a jerk
She's okay
She's a jerk
She's fine
She should be scared of ser
You're the number
She's a friend
They're the type of guy
She's a guy
She's a demon
She lives 25
She lives 25 but she's just that
By the way, tell Bokobrine
A step away from our facts
You know, don't rip that up
Why not that?
Why?
We need that
But why couldn't you brought this here?
It was just here yesterday
The thing wasn't working yesterday
The thing wasn't working yesterday
From when I hear that wasn't the first day
The thing wasn't working
In fact, I hear more days often than not
However that goes
So we aren't going to get any information
For me about this posted meter painting the next thing
I mean, not that I'm so lazy
I don't want to have to
Slept that thing over to the post office
And stand online for half an hour
And then walk up there with a stupid letter
And have a look at me saying
What's that?
What are you doing here with that?
Here's for Lauderdale, hello?
Yes sir
How you doing?
Great
I was in the article today in the
Harold and the Broward section
Yes
It wasn't something the church of creator, hey group
Did you read that?
I mean all four members?
I don't care about that
What I found interesting about the article was the end
How they were explaining how Florida is one of the few states that
That severe penalties for hate crimes
And the first person they applied to was some Jewish lawyer, Hope Cohen
Now he's defending the guy that is going to be the hate crimes movie of the American people
Listen just a few months ago
They had that Alan, that publicity, how Alan Dushewitz on there
Talking about how he would defend this virulent Nazi from the West Coast
He was on there on the Today Shore, one of those horrible morning shows
But the thing with this guy
The thing with this herb, Cohen guy
He was a victim of a hate crime
Now he's defending one of these guys
Who's having a hate crime
Trying to get him plied on them
It's just...
Come on
Oh! That was great!
Thanks go answer
And by the way let me ask you something
How young is two young?
Okay five, six, seven, oh five, six, eight, pound five, 60 on our mobile one line
They're starting up with a shroud of Turincraft again
Oh yeah
Ancient pollen may link shroud to Jesus
Anybody finest?
No
Oh, yeah, they are.
People that are just clinging, just looking for some evidence,
some proof from like eight million years ago, you know?
And of course we do realize that the world is only 6,000 years old.
We do understand that, don't we?
That's right.
All that carbon dating crap, all this stuff about millions and billions of years,
that's just another communist plot.
Those Marxist-Heathen obnoxious bastards, like the one we're listening to right now.
Just another communist pinko plot to try to throw us off the, of course, the heaven,
off the highway to heaven, or off the stairway to heaven.
And if I ever hear that again.
So where am I going to find that bit?
Maybe the audience knows the name of that thing.
It's worth a try.
Huh?
How do I describe it?
It's a Frank Sinatra bit in the end.
He says, I'm checking out in Nelson Ritalin as a workist, where is Nelson?
Nelson, what's the name of that bit?
We don't know.
I look through this whole damn thing.
I know it's in there because I've played it.
Any other bit in the world I could find.
I look through every single other thing that's in here, and we've only got 72,465 bits
in the DCS computer over here.
I know every single lot of them.
And that one that I'm looking for, George doesn't know it.
I looked at him this morning.
I said, what's the name of that?
He went, like that.
And so I proceeded to go through for like an hour and 15 minutes.
I scroll through the whole goddamn thing.
Can I find it?
How about the bit?
Can I find that?
No.
No.
Yeah.
Desperate.
Here's coconut crere.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
What did they say?
You said crap.
Okay.
I'm just a check.
Not on the ear though.
I got to be.
Just so we're being honest here, I was flipping between golf and wrestling last night.
Oh, great.
So I really have no life.
Right.
And which one was more entertaining?
A wrestling.
Oh, great.
Well, here's another honest guy.
That's two.
Also, AOL's down to 90.
Plunge your brains out.
I see that, but you know something when it was down to 98 a couple of days ago, I was thinking
of myself, plunge your brains out.
And then I saw this morning was 92.
And now it's not a 90.
And I think I'll wait.
You know what I'm saying?
I can't wait till I get sound of maybe 40.
40 sounds good.
Okay.
Okay.
Thanks.
By the way, I see enough transportation.
Oh, I think it's time to sell this after.
And it sounds good to me.
I'm not that anybody out there cares.
I just mentioned that in passing.
See, I'm one of these guys.
I invest in a stock and whatever I buy it, let's say I buy it at 30.
Then it goes immediately down to about 26, 27.
That goes down to like 24.
And then I sit peeing in my pants every day, hoping it'll get close to 30 again.
And then maybe even a little bit above it.
And what'll happen?
It'll get to like 31 or 2.
And I'll sell it and think, wow.
You know.
And so I'll make about just enough to cover the transaction and that's it.
I got out, you know.
That's my life with the stock market.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
So they don't know the name of the Frank Sinatra Apparity, but they don't know that.
Someone said come die with me, but that's not in here.
It's not?
No, that's not it.
That's not it anyway.
Is it?
Come die with me.
No.
But nice try though.
Here's a mobile and Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Proto.
Yes, sir.
I have some info on your post.
Do you have a letter for inspection?
Yes.
Easiest pie.
Take a little meter and take a little letter.
And you go in.
It's Fort Lauderdale.
At least you go all the way to the right.
No waiting.
They look at it.
Do the little calculations.
Stamp out the door.
Yeah.
Some of the words I have, I do have to take it in.
Yeah.
What a pain in the ass.
It is.
Why do they do that?
So you're not cheating?
So I'm not cheating on what?
Tell me how I would cheat.
And then I'll start.
Well, how could anybody, first of all, let me ask you this.
How could anybody be spending the amount of money that I'm spending on postage and be cheating?
If they would just check the amount you're spending, they would automatically say, okay.
You're exempt from the inspection because nobody's that stupid.
Well, they just want to make sure it's not tampered with.
Yeah.
Hey, they got to be the police.
Yeah, that's right.
Okay, well, thanks.
I'm going to go in there this afternoon.
All right.
Yeah.
Thanks for the good news.
Okay, give me a project.
I got a disconnect by a little meter.
I got a pawn plug dish and unplugged that.
And yank out the phone core, which I can do it about four seconds, but nevertheless,
make it sound like a big project.
Oh, speaking of project, great news for the hockey fans in this town.
Yes.
Yes.
Beefle.
Oh, by the way, have you noticed that Beefle has gone from middle age to being an old man
now?
Have you noticed officially?
I was thinking about that this weekend as I was leaving all those parts in the hotel
in Toronto.
I was thinking about Beefle and about the fact that different people you've known for
a long period of time.
And actually, he used to be.
I don't know.
Would you say he was a skinny guy?
I mean, if you had to describe him in the past up until the last several months, I would
say if anything, he was like skinnier than fat, or he was never a fat.
He was always a little on the slimmer side.
Never looked too great, but nevertheless.
Now, he's not only gotten...
I think the fatness has only accentuated the fact that he's now officially becoming an old man.
Wouldn't you agree with that?
He's gone from the before we knew before he got like this.
And now the fat has accentuated the negative and made him into an officially fat man.
How sad it is.
But anyway, he came in this morning and pointed out which I'd already seen in the papers
this morning.
Much to my dismay.
The spokesman, the organization is acted again just to ensure that we
have a spectacular year.
And don't miss to play us again this year.
They have resigned for one year.
Are you ready?
Good, well.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Yeah.
Oh!
Thank you.
How do you like that?
He's a project.
Now, however much they're paying him, which I don't think it's an either article in the
paper, however much they're paying him, that's like charity.
People are starving on street corners.
People are out there pan handling it in their seconds.
Children are starving to death.
And the organization is paying Chris Wells to come back for one more year.
Which may be good because that may help to seal the fate of the spokesman and his brother,
the two partners in crime.
Here's a mobile and coral springs.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I got a couple of things for you.
Go right ahead.
Listen, is that some actual thing that's shiny, do you know, a parody?
Shine-head, do you know?
Yeah, is that the one where you said the tag that he had, it sounded like a shiny,
idol-conner.
Is there no stuff there?
Do you feel like the ad...
No, that's not it.
Okay.
No, he's singing.
I'm backing out and at the end he's saying Nelson Reddler's orchestra.
Where is Nelson?
Nelson, of course, Nelson's dead, you know?
Oh, okay.
No, no, no.
UPS.
Yes.
When do UPS have the package beautifully wrapped?
Right.
I put it on the counter.
Can I say bitch?
Yes.
The bitch slices the package open, shums her hand up the package, okay?
She shums her hand in there.
All my peanuts fall out.
And I'm saying, what is going on here?
She says, if you don't like it, go to the post office.
What does that mean?
She said we have to inspect all the packages now.
Yeah.
I said, hey, I got private stuff in here.
I want to pull my peanuts right out and inspect this.
That was really upsetting.
You know, so far, King, please.
Okay.
Right.
See ya.
Yeah, small peanuts are like Frankie Patangeli, small potatoes.
And wasn't the Lee Strasper played the Hyman Roth in that movie, Myrlandsky, and Lee Strasper
had a dead, by the way, had a school of acting, which you could have fooled me.
He must have been kind of like the Tommy Kramer of the acting industry.
Did a good job acting, sick.
Oh, he really was.
Huh?
He was terrible.
In fact, in Godfather 1 and 2 of all the acting performances, most of which were brilliant,
I would say that his was the worst.
Lee Strasper.
I didn't ask.
The hotel here.
Michael, I didn't ask questions then.
Mo Green, only in the Banana Republic, baby, only in Miami.
Listen to me.
This is Standby's theme for Sofaking.
You understand?
Where everything is held to the high Sofaking standards.
The selection isn't just huge.
It's Sofaking huge.
Believe me, you'll never shop anywhere else.
And Sofaking's price is not just low.
They're Sofaking low.
You'll never find them anywhere else.
Listen to me.
When I say Sofaking as a beautiful store, I mean Sofaking beautiful.
When I say, Step is helpful.
I mean Sofaking helpful.
Listen to me.
Get to know the Sofaking and enjoy a selection that's Sofaking huge.
A step that's Sofaking courteous.
And price is that a Sofaking low.
You'll never shop anywhere else.
But don't take it for me.
Take it from Satisfied, Custom of Frank and Stein.
Sofaking good.
You're Sofaking good.
You said it.
10.30 at 5.60 WQM.
So anyway, rich pactored calls in to bring to our attention,
which I already saw, which I do read my newspapers, both of them in the morning.
And luckily, they're both so bad.
Everyone takes about 10 minutes to read them both from cover to cover in between all the ads.
Stephanie Laudis, who writes a half-assed TV in the, I don't know, maybe even, I don't
know what this thing is.
This column lets you write.
They don't write radio.
They still haven't discovered that alleged fine from the FCC.
Have they?
No.
For this show in the station.
No.
No, and they still haven't discovered that the Spring Rating book came out and we did great.
No.
No.
That's because you can still in Pasadena.
What a horse in Vuggie Town.
This is, baby.
So Stephanie writes, before we even get to Juan Carlos Cotex, she writes, Power 96 is Radio's
Bow Griffin, who occasionally files entertainment stories for NBC6, is in a news segment on
Whammy Channel 69, The Times News Show, talking to couples about their love lives.
How do you like that?
Whammy.
Get it.
It's not.
The Bow No is segment is on Wednesday during the 7 and 10 PM newscast.
Of course, it won't be on too long because the newscast and the sports are all going off.
We understand anyway.
And they're going to all us indicated crap on Whammy.
Because Maddie, Elisabeth, left behind a great legacy there if you know what we're saying.
Yeah, they're all going on.
Now, you think that might tie in with that psychic, dark network that she's in part of,
which really, tweeders, and that other bitch that's running on.
And I'm going to tell you, they must be raking in the dough to show you.
I want to apologize to the people who watched the golf last night.
Now, you people don't have a life, but, but I will say this, you've got a hundred times more life
than those idiots that are called up these psychic hotlines and then the one for the tarot cards.
And you know something, the saddest part of it is who watches much music, MTV, one and two, and VH1.
Young people watch those networks, right?
Those channels.
And every other, every commercial breakers, at least one spot, three of the Spokegriphant and the psychic dot hotline,
or the tarot card bitch.
And you better hang on to your seat tight with that tarot card because very personal and amazing revelations may come when she,
you've gotten there and says to you,
I'll be sure to do that.
And there are millions of people.
It's like what I used to do shows with psychics back in those horrible.
And I want to apologize, by the way, it's never too late to say you're sorry.
I want to apologize not to the audience, but to myself, because I could have done so much better than wasting all those shows, all those years,
with, remember, Ernie Sochin, my good friend, you call the other day?
Trying to like to get back on the year, I guess?
About the election.
Ernie Sochin and those bi over the show as well.
Oh my god.
How could that be of any interest to anybody else?
As soon as the person who called, I mean, yeah, the phones were jammed.
But as soon as the person who called got there a reading, so to speak, they're gone.
Oh yeah, I'm going to go out tomorrow and get laid.
All right, and that's the end of that.
Now they're turning over to a real show.
And the same with the psychic crap we used to do.
Oh my god.
Not to mention the great things.
God forbid.
How is it that there are so many stupid, stupid, gullible idiots?
It's like the people that read the horoscopes in the newspaper or in the magazine.
Yeah.
Why do you think they put them on the funny pages?
Huh?
Stop and think about that.
Anyway, so the worst column in the history of the human race, and that's covered a lot of territory in this town,
Robert Steinbach, who just can't get the message.
Now, isn't this the same guy?
Correct me if I'm wrong.
He's the same guy who went on Waxi and bought his way on the year for about five minutes and was going to read.
He was going to like revolutionize, talk radio in this town, and it wasn't going to be confrontational,
and it wasn't going to be off the wall, and it was going to be, he was really going to address the problems
and talk to living and breathing people on the phone in this town.
Right?
That's still on the year, by the way.
Oh.
I think that even what's his name lasted longer?
Warren Schwarzmarte lasted longer than Robert Steinbach on Waxi, whatever the minor league station is,
that we sometimes used to go, oh, and by the way.
By the way, are you aware I heard was it Hank talking about yesterday?
I guess Mandage mentioned it over the weekend, that we're actually going to put some dolphin games on Waxi
because we have prior commitments with the Marlins.
Are you ready for that?
The only one of the sports enterprises on this radio station that we might make some money off of,
and anybody might possibly listen to that could possibly be worthwhile, the dolphins,
and because we have that Marlin crap, we're going to have to preempt the dolphins
and put them over there on 790 or some other place.
Thank God that we have to carry the dolphins on FM2.
One thing I like about that 790 is the nice personal,
little person who's on our phone,
yeah, it's great.
It's unconscionable, it's unbelievable.
It's just like in the spring we had Panther, back when the Panthers were playing in the playoffs,
which wasn't the lately, but I can remember they had Panther playoff games on Waxi
while the station was running crappy Marlin games.
Nice going Greg.
See, this is what happens when your plate gets two full.
Even if it's good food that you're putting on your plate,
when it gets two full it starts filling off the edges, it makes a mess.
It's all over your nice pants or Ivy League suit or your dress or whatever you're wearing or your legs,
and it creates a mess instead of being palatable and delicious and wonderful.
And that's the problem with Greg Reed sports plate.
It's running over and most of it by the way isn't delicious,
it's so wonderful, sensational, or appetizing, or successful, making money.
You're going to make money before I get to Robert Steinbach's worst column in history.
So a screw-and comes in this morning.
Just go into that, and I have to get to the abits to her and her whole sales staff
out about being bogus with the copy and they are.
I mean, they're uncomfortable with what they do.
There's just no concern here until I get the only time there's ever response
and your witness to this is when I get on the urine screen about it,
then all of a sudden they start running up here and she shows up with that look on her pulse.
And she brings in a folder, oh here's some client feedback sheets.
So I'm looking through these client feedback sheets,
which all of the clients seem to be getting pretty good results,
except the ones that Todd Drek has got.
They're all renewed, but they'd like to get more response.
He's, I'll see, he can never say anything good.
It's always got to be like, well, they renewed for another three months,
but they'd like to get some more response.
That's Todd Drek, because let's face it, I'm a failure, he's a success.
Now how would you like his home phone number?
So anyway, the point I'm getting to is that in the middle of this folder,
this is better than the time green when he was given a, he was going to give, what's his name?
Glenn, public, he was going to give public a phone number I was doing it like one number at a time
until he came into the studio live.
Here's the list of all the sales holes from WQAM.
They're home phone numbers, they're cell phone numbers, they're pages, they're addresses,
they're shoe size, they're penis size, which I noticed by the way,
next to Todd Drek, there's a blank next to that one.
I'm sending that to the World Church of Hate.
All right, look at that one address.
Isn't this great?
Here's Adam Silverstein, first on the list.
And it's interesting, how is this supposed to be alphabetized by the first name I guess?
Nice go on through, Anne.
You're even number that I thought you were, sweetheart.
Yeah, she's got it alphabetized, but like the atoms are first, Brian Schultz Schultz is third.
It's by the first name she's got it alphabetized, not by the last name, which is anybody ever see a list like that?
No.
No.
So if anybody wants one of our sales holes phone numbers, and guess who else is even on here?
Roy!
So if you want to borrow that dig black instrument, the one that's not connected,
we'll give you a phone number or call up.
Roy!
And maybe he'll own it to you.
And the Gildo too.
This is great, I'm not letting go of this by the way.
This is an terrorism mistake, I'm not letting go, she'll have to make her own copy.
I'm not giving it up for a lover money.
So let's see, let's give the first number of Todd Greks to direct a phone number.
His home number, the first number is nine.
All right!
Yeah.
That's nine, five, four by the way.
Nine.
Or is Robert Grim, the Grim Reaper would say, nine.
In fact, anytime, anytime it comes up here and acts as for anything, we always say nine.
And we give them one of these little German salutes.
21 before 11 at 560 WQM, we'll get back to Robert Steinbeck, we had a lot of stuff going on here today,
baby, we got the Ashwara Turin, let's hear it!
Jesus!
Come on, let's hear it for Jesus, and for that Shroud of Turin.
I would be surprised if that thing's older than the fuzla.
You know what, when you come right down to it, older than, what's his name?
Your buddy.
I've got a block, Chris Bathouse.
I got a block on his name, you know what?
Because every time I start visualizing that push, I get like, oh, and then gets who John Penis brought in here this morning,
who made Chris Bathouse look like, he made him look like a roblo.
Oh!
Made him look like a man.
Oh!
A human being.
David Horro from Pomponopark.
Nice going, Penis, you idiot.
David Horro show from Pomponopark.
Of all the people, I'd rather see Todd Greck, I'd rather see Chris Bathouse, I'd rather see anybody.
Then to see David Horro show from Pomponopark.
And he brings him in here this morning.
Was there any particular reason?
No.
Just to be aggravating, I guess.
Nice going, Penis.
Talk about truth and packaging.
Taka, whoop, pissing.
What else?
What am I missing?
Oh, right.
I've got the light, ready, he's done.
That's not good, come.
Hold it down.
I left the police down.
I've also hold on this now, Tom.
Go, Tom, stay.
Straight up.
Come inside again.
And I just go.
I'm just going to go.
What's my gun out?
Who's answering, Tom?
I'm a good Christian.
Who's having a bad day away?
Tom is fucking the man.
So is the S. R.A.
Because I'm a D.
Straight up.
All right.
I'm a S. R.A.
And I just go.
I'm a good Christian.
Who's answering, Tom?
Who's answering, Tom?
Straight up.
How about flying me to the moon?
I think that might be it, that's not it.
That's not so much of things going to drag me nuts.
16 before 11 at 560 WQM, 20 Robert Steinbach,
who is just another legendary in his own mind.
Tax boats sign of dim future, he writes.
Whether Miami, and he goes on through this long,
horrendous, grotesque bunch of gloom and doom
like the sky is falling.
Because the majority of people,
the overwhelming majority of people said
to that idiotic sales tax.
And he goes on and on and on about the likes of automobile dealer Norman Bremen,
who's antithesis toward mass transit,
who should be blindingly obvious.
And the anxious Raul Martinez and Yadi Yadi Yadi.
In other words, every one of us who was against it was some kind of an evil,
evil piece of crap with sinister motives.
Isn't that what you're saying, Robert?
You jackass.
And by the way, nice show on WAMI.
Anybody on this ever hear it?
No.
But here comes the best part.
Residents distrust the media.
People often complain about that, of course, this is in the Harold.
Often complained about the Harold's diabolical attempts to control local issues.
But the paper's backing of the penny tax only demonstrates how powerless it is
to sway public opinion.
Right!
That's the good news, Robert.
In fact, whatever the Harold does, it says we do the opposite.
And with major corporations, including this paper's parent,
he puts in parentheses, parenthetically,
moving out and virtually none moving in,
private industry also failed to generate competence.
It seems we trust no one and won't believe anyone's vision of a brighter future for Miami.
Now, listen to this.
This is the greatest paragraph ever written by man.
Maybe I've been affected by my recent cross-country drive.
I ran into countless people who loved where they lived,
and virtually none who dreamed of coming to Miami.
Let me say it again.
During his recent cross-country drive,
he ran into countless people who loved where they lived,
and virtually none of them who were dreaming of coming to Miami.
Have I ever met anybody who dreams of coming to Miami?
No.
In fact, anytime I'm on a plane, I'm in a airport,
I'm like walking down the street,
or just anywhere where there's a stranger,
and they say, hey, where are you from?
And I say, Miami, they immediately go, oh,
and run in the opposite direction.
Looking over their shoulder as they run.
Robert, you're living in La La Land, man.
And, you know, the horse is not only out of the barn.
It's about 100 miles down the road already,
and all of a sudden people like this asshole are saying,
oh my gosh, what's going to happen now?
It's going to get bad here.
I hate to break the news to you, sweetheart,
but things are already pretty bad.
It's already a pretty grim and gloomy place.
That's why major corporations don't want to come here.
That's why your parent corporation of the hero,
hauled ass off to whatever the hell that was,
Silicon Valley in California,
because they'd count, unfortunately, as a toilet.
And if people are responsible for being a toilet,
are the same politicians that are trying to sell a little good now.
That should explain to you why nobody's buying.
Robert, nice show, by the way.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile-informed Myers. Hello.
Good morning, Neil. How you doing?
Okay, sir.
A little off topic here, but I have to ask you some questions
about the Phantom Station we have over here,
a W-A-W-C-N,
our white trash host of the morning that I listened to
as a warm-up for a little bit before your show comes on.
It's claiming that the station has inched up a little bit
and the recent book that's out,
and that you've gone into the crapper.
Really?
Last week, I thought you were saying that your ratings
were not as good as you've ever had.
We had a great book over here.
How come I had a call yesterday from somebody
telling me just the opposite,
saying that the ratings were way up and that we did great?
It would be real good if instead of doing all this
in secret over there, since we have no...
This may come as a shock to you,
even though they open up a pot and carry the programming,
we have no communication with them whatsoever,
none, zero, zippity, doodah.
Wouldn't it be nice if they were like facts over to us
since they have our facts over to us what the numbers were?
I mean, I'm a big boy. I can handle it.
In addition to which I don't get paid a dime
for being on the air over there,
so whether we have a zero share or a 90 share,
it really is of no relevance to my existence in any way,
shape or form.
Well, here's just the thing and the point that I wanted to make,
it seems that most of the new advertising
that they're able to sell on this pathetic little station
over here that we listen to you on,
comes on between the 10 and 2 hour on your show.
I know you don't need any more money,
but it seems like maybe you ought to get in on some of that.
No, I'd be embarrassed to take money for being on that station
with a bee place.
But it would be very nice if they were not facts us or call us
or communicate with us and let us know what the numbers are
because I'm glad to talk about them on here.
And I thought, see, George keeps telling me that this guy that's on the morning show over there,
Joe or whatever his name is, that this guy's a big fan of mine,
which is what he tells us to our, to George's ear, to his face.
But evidently, every Santa gets to take a shot over there,
which makes him feel a lot better about himself as human being,
since he gets to big shot, he's on the line.
He's the biggest, Neil, it's a white trash audience
and it's the panda to the white trash over here.
The audience is just the lowest element of society,
which we have plenty of over here in Southwest Florida.
One last question, though, these books that come out,
did they break it down?
Is it just like the station goes up?
Is it broken into time increments?
Yeah, it's broken into like 6 to 10 AM, 10 to 3, 3 to 7, and 7 to midnight.
So it should be pretty easy to see if the numbers go up that it's likely to be...
That's why I'm saying, if they would let us know what the number is,
or I'd be glad to put them on here, even if they were crappy.
One thing about me, every month when the trends come out
and every three months when a rating book comes up,
for years I've been doing this for over 20 years,
I put the numbers on here.
I've had plenty of books that weren't all that great,
and if they're not that great, we still put them on here.
We don't see any rely about it like some people do.
There you go.
Well, keep it up.
We love you over here, and I'm sure whatever ratings that they're enduring,
if indeed they are increasing, are doing completely and totally to your show.
Keep in mind, this is a station that up until about two years ago,
never even showed up in the ratings.
You got it.
Have a great day.
Thanks for the good news.
Four Myers again, playing fast and loose with our lives,
because that's the way the Beasley Greed Company operates.
The left hand, don't know what the right hand is doing.
And since they, you know, can't put any original programming on over there,
at least not to speak up, what they do is they open up a pot,
they put me on the air, they put some a handgun,
they chop stuff off whenever they feel like it,
that's a great way to run a radio station.
That's the Beasley F and Way, because it's cheap.
That's what they know how to do the best.
560, 560, pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Two 300 open lines on here for you.
Are we going to hear from them in four Myers, do you think?
No.
Maybe the cats got their tongue.
I mean, do they actually have somebody running the board over there
while they show us how they must have to play the spots,
like a living and breathing person,
who's making at least 275 an hour?
Here's a mobile in four-letter mail.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, thing?
Okay.
Good.
Bad news for you.
They're going to be announcing a stadium pretty soon here for the Marlins.
What do you mean they're going to be announcing a stadium?
In other words, we're going to wake up in the morning and they're going to say,
if you look out the window, there it is.
Yeah, I guess John Henry's going to put some of the bill in
and he's going to get corporate sponsors,
and it's going to be built in downtown Fort Lauderdale.
Why is that bad news?
If he wants to pay for it, I couldn't care less,
except that it's going to jam up traffic,
and nobody's going to be able to get there.
Exactly, but I mean, it's no longer, I guess,
maybe a taxpayer's burden anymore,
but I guess it's bad news because you know,
there's going to be more baseball on the radio.
That's all.
Yeah.
By the way, next Wednesday we've got a 1 o'clock game.
The Giants will be here next Wednesday.
Mark it on your calendar.
We get out here at about 30.
Hey, can I get a request?
Yes, sir?
Or a prison...
Bitch.
Okay.
Okay.
I have a great day.
I'll think about it.
It's getting ponderous.
567, just like sitting here looking at an almost empty board,
it's getting ponderous too.
I'll turn to that.
It's getting really frickin ponderous.
567, 0560, 0560 on the mobile one line.
Life and a vacuum.
That's the way it is when you work with Beasley Greed.
Life is an vacuum.
I said this yesterday.
It's true.
Your show is an vacuum.
Everything you do is an vacuum.
You're coming to your little room.
Like I leave here yesterday, and lo and behold,
the world is coming to an end.
I mean rain and thunder and lightning.
I get home.
My little dog is nowhere to be found.
He's hiding under the bed somewhere.
It was like the end of the universe.
I'm sitting in here in a totally enclosed room.
We have no idea what's going on outside.
We have no news department.
We have no obviously weather department.
Like last week, one day, when the turnpike was all screwed up,
backed up miles, southbound.
And we had nothing about it here on the year.
Because we're like in a vacuum, like I said before.
I got my nice little TV up here.
Oh, look at that.
The hot zone, baby, on MTV.
Oh!
Yeah, something for everybody on there right now.
I got that, and we got our satellite dish.
All free, all thanks to our own ingenuity.
And they've given us basically a bunch of crappy old equipment
that even nisers wouldn't sell their own beers.
Even a radio shack would laugh at this crap.
And that's it.
Not that I'm complaining mind you,
although I'm going to start complaining a lot more
because that crap about that indifferent routine
that Geltie sold me on doesn't work with this outfit.
Doesn't work at all.
Because as soon as they get that signal,
that you become as indifferent as they are
and that they want you to be,
then all of a sudden they just really slack off.
Then they do nothing.
Hey, by the way, anybody want any more sales department phone numbers?
Uh-huh.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
W-Q-A-M.
Okay, nice talking to you.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and 0.
And 0.5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
New.
Yes, sir.
Hey, good morning, my heart.
Okay.
Hey, I was on your website yesterday
and I want to ask you a few questions.
Can you tell me what that book about,
for what the faith is about?
Is it anything?
For what the God?
Yeah, there you go.
Yeah, it's a God who used to be a preacher
and the realizes that it's all a bunch of book crap.
It's a great book.
Yeah, that's what I think.
Because look at it, the church
and though it's accommodated themselves
to the changing times.
And whenever it's been the most convenient forum,
they've changed their entire philosophy
than anything.
So, you know what I mean?
I used to be a Catholic, you know,
when I was a kid, but I got out of a lot of crap.
I got out of a lot of crap.
I think that I was before they had a chance
to alter you as a nun.
Yeah.
And also, I was looking at your contract.
I thought you had three years left.
What are you going to do after three years?
You're a lever.
You're going to renew your...
Well, I'm getting out of here, man.
Oh, yeah.
I'm going over to Europe.
I'm going with the people
are a little more civilized.
You should go, like, don't go to a place like London
or one where they'll charge you.
They'll go to the bathroom
and crap like that in the department stores.
Mm-hmm.
Hey, can I...
I like crap in the department store for a free myself.
Can I request a song?
Yes, sir.
Can you play the Cher lesbian song?
The one?
The Cher.
Do you believe in lesbian song?
Okay.
All right.
Thanks a lot, man.
Have a great day.
What is that called, by the way,
the Cher lesbian thing?
Do you believe in...
What does that come?
I can't believe she's saying,
what does that call, George?
George is on the phone with somebody.
I have no idea.
With Fort Myers?
Oh, with Fort Myers was on the phone?
They only got the numbers minutes ago.
Joe Scott, the morning guy,
who is your biggest fan
and declares it vehemently.
I think that guy is one of their
chronic ojón provocateur on the Quimath.
Oh, chronic Fort Myers, oh,
we're going to get chronic callers
from the West Coast now.
Oh, Jesus Christ!
They only got the numbers minutes ago.
They haven't even looked at yours yet to say.
Well, how come they call yesterday
and also said that they were talking about the numbers?
They were mistaken.
You'll be getting them shortly.
And so there you go.
And we don't know anymore.
The only mention that they made about you
is that let's see what kneels numbers
look like when they come in.
But Joe Scott, the Joe show in the morning,
is your biggest fan.
Okay.
That's for you, Joe.
Although I usually don't kiss on the first date.
What the hell is that Cher thing called?
I can't believe she's the lesbian
that this guy wants to hear.
What does that call?
She's a lesbian.
That's not what it's called.
She's a lesbian?
No, it's not called that.
Oh, yeah, it is.
Okay, it's coming up in a minute.
What we got to do, the break first,
double play.
Because you sounded like a living and breathing person
onto the edge of a hundred,
which is what we're looking for here on this radio station.
And there's an envelope for George.
I wonder what's in it.
Oh, my God.
Look at that.
It was not good enough that George,
yet the day finally got his check
for that first appearance he made
where two people showed up.
I'm sorry.
Where nobody showed up.
Yeah, why is he doing a paid for an appearance
where nobody shows up?
By the way, Mr. Haachach,
what the hell is that all about?
A couple people showed three people,
but I got paid.
Good.
Let's hear it.
George finally got paid for that appearance
six months ago.
And if he's smart,
he'll be doing a lot more appearances
that Fat Boy sets up if you ask me.
Before he goes off to radio, I'm more.
And how come Fat Boy never got to send
more ratings numbers?
Probably because Maddie beat him by a mile.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
It's all request Tuesday.
We're trying to make it desperately this next month
through the month of August.
Can we do it?
You think?
No.
When you're looking to put something new on your feet,
am I doing the right spot by the way?
Oh, no.
This is a John Penis' fault by the way.
He stuck a brand new copy of New Back Road Folder.
That's what you see right here.
Get a high head,
push the head out.
Oh, my God.
No matter how hard I try,
can't get for the day to gather to tell where it is.
She won't touch a penny.
Shatteredly, I'm grieving.
It's so hard and believing.
Call this really like a son.
Today the guy is really harmful.
I can't believe she's the last one.
The last one.
You must be something wrong that she's gay.
I really don't know where I went from now.
I can't believe she's the last one.
I really don't know where I went wrong.
Maybe she hurts anything I saw.
That's full like the Usweet Art.
1103 at 560 WQM.
Here's a fact from our best post-personal friend, Joey See,
over and over.
Let me deal with that collar.
He's a piece of crap is what he is.
How are we supposed to be here?
I know all the chronic colors in this market.
Believe me when I tell you.
Many of whom call this radio station frequently like that Joe Guy.
That sports guy with the thick voice that makes my skin crawl.
Oh God.
Because one thing about this station,
they're interested in screening out the calls if they have like anything controversial to say.
But they don't care if you're a chronic.
That's one of the problems.
I guarantee you we'd have been number one by 100 miles in men 2554.
And why shouldn't we be?
Do we have any competition?
No.
Other than life.
So anyway, getting back to this facts from Joey See over and forth.
So this guy calls up there all the time.
Is a professional trouble like with no life.
I don't want to get personal with you, sir, because I don't know you.
But we hate you.
Everybody here hates you like poison.
And we wish you would die a wicked, mean spirited death.
Whatever a mean spirited death is.
Don't we?
Uh-huh.
And by the way, get off your stuff.
You're right.
Because the facts I got says,
thanks for helping us.
And believe me, they need some help.
It says the last four miles call is full of crap.
No communication is tough and five sixties fall.
Get off your stuff.
Get off your stuff.
Get off your stuff.
Yeah, it's his fault.
He's stupid.
You make up these stupid schedules over and over and over again.
Round the clock with these stupid schedules.
Get off your stuff.
Yeah, that's it.
That's his deal.
It's Duff's fault.
Not mine, sis Joey See.
And I would agree with you, sir.
The station is automated except for you.
And I have to guess the length of stop sets.
Your number four in men 25 to 54, number five, 18 to 49 men.
We're all Neal fans.
Me since 1980, he said, Joey See.
And his last guy is full of crap.
But get off your stuff.
Yeah.
How do you like that?
See, it's this and I believe it because I see the way these people operate with everything that goes on over here.
They're uninvolved.
So certainly anything that goes on over there that we don't make any money from or don't understand the benefit from in any tangible way.
Are they going to be involved in that?
No.
Are they going to make any kind of an effort?
No.
This place where they don't even service the guy that counts?
No.
Of course not.
These are people.
We're surrounded by people.
I hate to put it in these terms.
Some of them are nice people.
Like, get off your stuff.
He's not a bad guy.
Never stole a freight train all over.
You know, little on the adult side.
But nevertheless.
But they're sliding through life.
They're fumbling their way through life.
And then the book comes out.
And we go through the roof based on the fact that you're listening to me for example.
Or you're listening to some of the personalities on the station.
And then they go, oh yeah, we're great.
We're great.
Every place I've ever worked in this business.
It's always been the same.
Remember the boy Gary Days?
If we ever had a bad book.
And of course we did.
Over those nine or ten years I was at IOD.
There were times we had books that weren't all that great.
And he come in with the big sheets full.
You know, for Gimamsen, they're waiting to put the numbers on the year.
Like I have for a hundred years.
And he walked in with a fistful of paper.
And then he'd look at me with that front.
Oh, we stuck.
We stuck.
And every time he would say that, no, you stuck.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah, I think the hump on my degree with that.
That guy said it was fun.
Yeah.
Boy, did they hate each other or what?
Like poison.
And even though Hank is full of crap, I didn't tell us about all the money he wins at the track.
How come we never hear Hank at a Kaplan ton about all the, when he lose the rags at the track.
Only about all the cash.
But nevertheless, he was sure white on target when he come to boy Gary.
Oh!
Nice going, Humber.
God, we see a jackass.
We suck.
And then if we have a good book, oh, we're great.
We're number one.
Yeah, we.
We.
Like what time is yours show on you, asshole?
Boy, Gary and Steve Nichol.
And by the way, get off your duck.
Yeah, get with it.
Okay.
Well, how much would it cost to make a call to Fort Myers?
Well, that's right.
More than we can afford.
Probably.
Probably more than they paid for that damn plywood desk where he's got to knit.
I'm sorry.
It's at the pace.
What do they call that stuff?
Particle board.
Particle, that's what I'm looking for.
Particle board.
That's what his desk is made of.
Particle board.
Sitting in there like it.
Look at a height here.
This is the program director.
And guess what?
Sand, the shaman must be on vacation or something or out getting laid.
He's got an office 55 times the size of the so-called program director's office.
You know, get off your duck.
Maybe that's why he doesn't want to get off his duck.
Maybe that's why he does the minimum possible to slide his way through life.
Even though he is getting paid $$$ a year, which is a hell of a lot.
For a guy that makes up his schedules.
But nevertheless, we like him.
We just wish he would do something with our Fort Myers people.
So number four meant 2554.
That might sound very impressive.
The only problem is in Fort Myers.
What do they got?
Five stations, I think?
Uh-huh.
So I mean, number four out of what?
So thank you, Joey, for giving me that information.
But it isn't really very elusive in.
Well, we don't know what the story is or what the number is.
Do you follow what I'm saying?
In other words, the top three stations might have like 15 shares.
We might be number four with the 0.2 or something like that.
So just knowing what number we are.
And may say, yeah, we're not looking to have our ads linked, okay?
We're not looking to be, uh, licked all over.
We had nothing here to last a week with a great number.
Get off your dock.
Over here, which are the ones that count.
We're just looking for a little truth and packaging.
Is there anybody listening over there except at crusty old part,
who we all hate like poison and wish would die before noon today?
I'm calling my close personal friend Mickey Daines since I'm such a believer in psychics
and going to have her put a curse on that guy.
We don't even know his name yet.
We'll find out.
We'll come and get you, pal.
You piece of crap.
You old disgusting foul.
Have you ever sat in a restaurant down here?
And you see the old people sitting like, you know, way in the back, thank God.
And you heard, ah, you know, the, you know what I call it?
I call it the death rattle.
It's the South Florida death rattle when they start that hacking cup.
And you can just, you can just feel it.
The pounds and pounds of flim.
The gallons of flim just come puking up from 50, 60, 70 years ago.
Puking up through their system.
And you have to be treated right in the middle of a nice dinner to listen to it.
Like that.
The death rattle.
And sir, I hope they rattle your cage and you get it before the day is out.
You jackass that called us before.
I've told you before.
Have it I told you this for 100 years.
The chronic colors.
They're all mentally ill.
Have it I told you that.
George.
Yes.
And it took you while, but you finally found out that I was absolutely correct.
Not to mention anybody in particular like Greg or Andy or Andy or Mitch from the video joint.
Chronically, chronically twisted.
Yeah, exactly.
They make Chris a bathhouse look like a normal and they made David the, what's his name horror show?
Looks like a real guy and that's the, oh yeah, and Woody.
Not Woody Graber.
We're talking Woody from Hollywood that is also known as Steve when he called the sports shows.
Another chronic regular call around the station, but of course the people there that work here.
They're oblivious.
They could talk to the same six people every day and as long as they get a call here and there, they don't give a crap.
Maybe that's why they're under-rechieving.
You don't want to say a little bit of under-rechieving there?
Couldn't be that it's boring.
Why don't you go back to Cuba, you sick bastard.
Hi, I'm letty Graber.
Musician extraordinaire.
By now you're all familiar with my cover of the Rock Classic American Woman, where I added my own guitar style.
You like it so much I decided to cover other Rock Classic like Smoke on the Wall.
And there's got her to be here.
Musician extraordinaire.
Musician extraordinaire.
Maybe water.
Musician extraordinaire.
Musician extraordinaire.
Musician extraordinaire.
Musician extraordinaire.
Musician extraordinaire.
Musician extraordinaire.
Musician extraordinaire.
Musician extraordinaire.
Musician extraordinaire.
Musician extraordinaire.
Musician extraordinaire.
Musician extraordinaire.
Musician extraordinaire.
Musician extraordinaire.
Musician extraordinaire.
Musician extraordinaire.
Musician extraordinaire.
Musician extraordinaire.
Musician extraordinaire.
Musician extraordinaire.
Musician extraordinaire.
Musician extraordinaire.
Musician extraordinaire.
Musician extraordinaire.
Musician extraordinaire.
Musician extraordinaire.
Musician extraordinaire.
Musician extraordinaire.
Musician extraordinaire.
Musician extraordinaire.
Musician extraordinaire.
Musician extraordinaire.
Musician extraordinaire.
Musician extraordinaire.
Musician extraordinaire.
Musician extraordinaire.
Musician extraordinaire.
Musician extraordinaire.
Musician extraordinaire.
Musician extraordinaire.
Musician extraordinaire.
Musician extraordinaire.
Musician extraordinaire.
Musician extraordinaire.
Musician extraordinaire.
Musician extraordinaire.
Musician extraordinaire.
Musician extraordinaire.
Musician extraordinaire.
Musician extraordinaire.
Musician extraordinaire.
Musician extraordinaire.
Let's hear it for this audience
How do you like that?
Yeah
We've never got it
They say that I have no chance to be safe
And see the light now I'll be checking out
Before the night is full
The chairman of the board
I wasn't posing very soon I'll be
He's composing Sammy and Dino
Soon I will be with you
Who's the baby?
One foot in that grave
Some one for Barbara
I've got one foot in the grave
A right
He pull off surprise that I am still alive
Didn't die in 95
I don't think I'll sink today
My life is fading far away
Whoa
Made it through the night
This is surprising
Did not think I'd see
That's an arising
Not back for a guy
Who's one foot in the grave
Who pulled baby
Elves is middle
Where is Elves?
Is he dead?
Barbara, where's my lucky?
I'll check it out
I'm so proud
This is I am so I got a chill in my
Rest from getting that call
That was one of the greatest moments
I've been in here here 78 years
That was one of the highlights of my broadcast career
That's for you pal, whoever you are
What an audience
They don't have too much to say
And it's the dog days of the summer
And I'm sitting here pumping these numbers
Pumping it like crazy every day
Begging and pleading and hoping for a response
But nevertheless when push comes the shove
When the crap is on the line
They really come through
That was incredible
And by the way, where is Nelson?
567-0560-050-050-050
Where is Nelson?
That was fast
Excellent, George is on top of it
It must be a little over
A little spill over from the drugs from the weekend
He said it's wearing off a little bit today
Yesterday would have been a good day for him
In fact yesterday he would remember the name of the bit
Not today
Because those drugs are wearing off
Unlike cocaine which we read in the newspaper this morning
In fact your mental state for like over a month
Yeah
Bad article about cocaine
I've always told you that white powder
It's a killer, it'll destroy your lives
Stay away from that white powder
Anybody who comes near you with it just take a powder
Like those sparsas and Amsterdam
Get lost baby
Or just keep walking with your eyes straight ahead
Like you ignore them which is what I always do
So I suppose that I'm still on
Why can't we find some shoes with some good stuff?
You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah I'm fine
Okay, so good watermelon
567-0560-050-050-1
This is going to play one foot in the grave thing
I think from now it'll be to the clock
Because I'm getting the chills
I'm getting the willies
The willies are in the willies
Here's a mobile in Miami
Go ahead
How are you doing?
Great hey there with me ten seconds. I'm at a I'm at a pole booth. Okay. What the
Your mouth function. I'm not
Games mean just let it me get in a hole in this country. I'm gonna blow my brains out. Yeah, I'm losing my mind here
Okay, I thought it became a human being last time I pulled my head out of my ass. I ran it done network really
That's fantastic. Oh no one year screaming. You know, that's good. It had an effect already
I'm going ballistic I'm behind some shmigaggy who thinks that a dollar bill is exact change. I love that word by the way
Shmigaggy that's one of my favorite Yiddish words in the world
Yeah
I want to thank you for turning me on that movie it's a fantastic movie and the only thing I got to say is this this whole town
Is one big powered field show the only problem is no one's gonna pull the trigger at the end right
God watches
Okay, and happy tissue ball. What is it? No, I don't know which one of these she was she was five six seven oh five sixty
Just what I said man, we get great information, but no response
We got 600 open lines here and only three and a half hours to kill the two o'clock
It's gonna be just like yesterday again, isn't it and tomorrow be the same way
Uh-huh, and no, I don't want to talk about the goddamn sales tax again. See that was the problem
You know, we rode that for a couple of days. They're really big about two and a half days
Got everybody whipped up into a frenzy and actually got people excited about something in this town in the middle of the summertime
And they did a magnificent job and they overwhelmed him came out and voted no didn't nice job on that
But now it's like okay, what do we do now? What do we do for an encore?
Anybody got any suggestions? No, yeah, let's talk about that Blair which stupid movie for a couple hours
Which I didn't see and guess what I'm not gonna go see if I need vertigo
I
Can just go out and drive on any highway down here for about 20 minutes that'll do it for me every time if I need to get dizzy
And feel like the room is spinning around like a goddamn dreidel and heat
5 6 7 0 5 6 8
Pound 5 6 the on the 18 T wireless line and like I've told it before most people including most of you
Unfortunately, you don't do your own thinking you let somebody else run you around by the nose
And so I'll I'll a bunch of idiots I got to do it say oh my god
This is the greatest thing. This is so unique and so different and so exciting and you rush right out there to see it without talking to like an
Export like George he would have told you that's a piece of crap and you could have saved your five or six bucks
And you could have gone and rented network for like two bucks and seeing a really good movie. That's right or Godfather parts one through a hundred
And whatever you do JP don't ever give an order like that again
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. That one movie. Why? Why open or something? Yeah?
Why open the first 5000 suckers that went to see that and they realized it was a bad movie
Played that on the media for I can out one up. Yeah, listen
You've been out the chrome Avenue. I just drove by the home detention center. Yeah, they got like a big 10 out of it with people that like I guess
I was just dying they're not eating or something. Have you seen that no? I'll go out there right after the show though
I
Is like a ten and I get to have our free lunch ever they're starving themselves. They're doing hunger strike
Yeah, and they got signs all up and then there's just people sitting there watching them die
I mean, it's like they're really staying I've ever seen great
And also they've had you been to Smith make a 50
Gambler thing out of here. You know, no, no, no, it's huge. It's about 30 stories. It's a big hotel and casino
I know and I was just wondering like what the odds on and they regulate like say Vegas would be or is it just a big ripoff?
You know that? No, I mean, I like no, you can go out there and win just like in Hollywood. It is so huge. Yeah
Well, take away a lot of you'll be amazed at this big building they put up out here. Okay, I'm coming right up
Okay, now I got to go to Hollywood first because that's our fine sponsor
By the way the good news is because they dropped out on TRL for one day
They got beat out for number one on TRL a couple of days ago. You know what the number one was don't you? Limpers biscuit
Your favorite which is a real piece of crap one of the one of the worst pieces of turret I have ever heard in my life
But what was number one again last night?
You know
You know it's gonna be number one today because it's the last day after
Do we have any idea how long they let the song stay on before they move them out they return them today is the retirement day for
This
And by the way to show you the impact the back street boys have made even on the guiding light yesterday one of the world's great shows
And they brought the real Harley back just in time to deliver the baby while Alan is recovering from his 18th heart attack
And they get his heart beating again for the 19th time
And they bring the original Harley back and she has a little boy
And so her stepdaughter walks in and says if you decided on name yet
No then the stepdaughter says how about howl your a j or nick
That's right and then Harley says no no back street boys names please
And everybody goes
So anyway be that is it me oh I was gonna play this back to the phone so we go Luigi's on the phone with Brian
Yeah, I want to know what's going on how come Chris and Randy are interviewing you instead of the first thing
I mean what's going on here? What are you trying to try to shoot a coat something here?
What's it be like you can take some questions?
What's going on Luigi you were able to call in weren't you?
Yeah, well then what are you worried about?
I'm worried about because it's unfair. What's going what you guys doing over there?
What do you have any questions do you have any questions for the coach Luigi?
Luigi you got any questions for the coach
Yeah, I got a question for him. I hope you don't want to ask the question and not worry about whether Jeff and Joe are asking the question
You got a question ask it
I'm here. He's boring. It sucks. Yeah soon. I think Chris well get signed again for one more year
We've had our close personal friend Andy couldn't have been here at least long enough to see Chris well
He's getting signed again. He would have gone and had a couple more beers. We mentioned Andy already
That was the good Andy is opposed to the evil Andy
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello
Speaking of it's me Andy. How are you? Oh, yeah great
How do you like that? And I will actually leave it on the air just to show you how psychic I am
And what an absolute unbelievable asshole this punk is
Are you ready for that?
I was in such a good mood after that guy called before and gave me that so not for a bit
And speaking of one foot in the grave Andy isn't that interesting that you should just happen to call
You hope maybe there's a coincidence there more than just a coincidence
In fact two feet in the grave sounds real good. In fact, let's get a package deal the guy from Fort Myers and Andy from Hollywood
Yeah, a tooper
Tooper the price of none
Have we decided on launch yet by the way? Although I almost lost my appetite just now
I'm waiting for a call back from Maydays hearing that disgusting obnoxious you bick with his voice
What
That guy mentioned Maydays remember Danny's brother calls. Yeah, but I can't eat that stuff again
They have everything they have everything voters. Yeah, but I know it is a whole new spot
Have you seen this spot like steak stuff lobster? What have you seen this bottle the first spot was the kid in school and their
He's sitting there in class and the announcement comes about his diarrhea medicine is waiting at the front
You know all that stuff well not I have a new one
It's a kid sitting at a ballgame in the crowd and he's got his finger in his nose searching for goal and just digging and digging
And they got him up on the big diamond board on the screen up there and everybody is looking and looking
For Amazon for Arizona whatever the hell like the gene thing is nice go on baby. Oh
You're a winner WQA and Georgia's ordering lunch along
Okay nice hearing from you see every single time I would say 99 times out of 100 when that happens
You notice how they vanish because it's usually some asshole
And when I pick him up cold at all
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line
You know people say I should write a book and I should write a Bob book
But not about all this stuff from the last 23 years in this market
I should just write a book only on the the psychology of talk radio people have called radio talk shows
Because I'm one of the few people anywhere in the world who will tell you again feel was the same way
We're probably the only two will tell you that most people call talk shows are like really and especially the regulars
They're real sick really really sick the chronic regulars
Like the other day we had the guy from the Willie eyes who was on there for about two and a half second screaming somebody's name
That never got on the air over and over again
In search of an identity in search of a life in search of a purpose
Here's Miami hello, let's go on nail. Okay, sir. You know they got institutions for people like a hamburger there. Yeah, they do
God knows they need to use it
With rubber walls
Hey, it's almost getting a little bit boring around here. I mean a little tropical depression or tropical wave
If you don't have little Brian Norcoz bringing hurricanes all the way from Africa with his hands over here
You know, but they were having a nervous breakdown about that storm yesterday, boy
I'm lucky and it was a bad storm and like the end of the world and he was hopping up and down their last night like rumpel stiltskin
Yeah, it was pretty bad. Yes, I thought he was gonna take off into orbit. Yeah, thank you affidon though, you know
That's who they are in that commercial again about you know not whipping up everyone into a frenzy. I love done
Yeah, yeah, very good. He's very good
Um, oh, you know, it really that means it's boring here, man
It's terminal. I don't know how we're gonna make it through the next month to labor day. I have no idea
Well, we always think the fun away and all these people in you know
You know hyped up about the dolphins and scrimmage and all this I mean
Thousand people go to a scrimmage
It's not even next-ubition game. It's not any kind of a game. It's a scrimmage and because it's so goddamn boring here
Sixteen thousand people show up at a scrimmage that can be is error the the greatest commentary on what this town's all about
There is no way you can get me to sit in 95 degrees right and under the far 187 on the field and I'm dark
Complexed enough and god knows if I stay on the sun any longer. I'm almost gonna be transparent
There's no way you can get me to sit up there like Juan Diaz pretty soon with any more sun
This is no talk about that. Hey also, Neil. I mean mayor mayor panellas. I'm so glad that that vote went down
I know that's all news, but I just had to call mayor panellas of stronts. Have a good afternoon back at you
He's a sprints
That mayor pinga a sprints
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. We got 60 or 70 thousand lines open here waiting on you no waiting practically
Because like this last guy says this is so unbelievably boring our first call this morning
Now he was responding to a question I asked but the first call this morning
He admitted he watched the golf last night and actually enjoyed it. How do you like that?
found an entertaining oh
Man, can you imagine if we only had the commercial networks
We didn't have you know the small dish or at least cable with about 600 channels
Hey, I'm gonna tell you right now. I got the big dish the small dish and the cable which means I got 75,000 channels
And most of the time there still isn't anything worth watching on it. That's the best part
Oh
But go out and spend you know seven or eight or ten grand on that HD TV for what?
I don't care how clear it is or how many black people are on it or white people or Hispanics or
Crackers how about something entertaining would be good
That's 48 hours last night wasn't too bad
Is that what it was for the two little kids that had a shoot daddy
And made you really know that the forced derelization should be real big in the south
That's where we start with it in the deep south
Neils forced derelization program
We can shift my rear end until known at 560 WQM. We got Hank Goldberg in the studio
I believe it to a clock
And then we got that dolphin crab that Marlin craft starting at six with Donnie B and a pregame at six thirty and a Philly is here in my end
Anybody go to that? No any interest whatsoever. Oh
Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I see the
Catholic Church has reinstated the shrouded turn and down. Yes, sir right on the front page of the newspaper
Ancient pollen may link shroud to Jesus. Oh
You know about five years ago
Oxford Cambridge University, Chicago
MIT and Caltech approved that MIT where those kids are getting killed from drinking too much in the fraternalies
Yes, and the DNA all indicated it's 600 plus a minus 10 years. That's the age of the cloth years old
Yes, but therefore I cannot be the shrouded and covered
Jesus
Yes, yeah, yeah, and so they will not accept the facts now
They have to keep reinventing this because they're looking desperately for some tangible evidence to support a ridiculous
Fairytale about this loving God who said his only son so they could be burnt on the cross and anybody who would believe in this would
You know live forever and that what kind of a grotesque SNM story is that yes
What kind of an also to as a chosen people the Jews yes, he sat there and watched them thrown in the ovens that Auschwitz
Bougain was a doctor right
Right what kind of a guy is I mean let that thank God he's not mine for the angels both for blinsky
Anyhow they they just refused to accept the facts. That's all this good right and they're still finding
Nor is art and you want to know why because they have to their weak people who need a crutch
That's the problem and hit that of course
So they got to make up some fantastic stories and then be reed all the rest of us with a brain
I don't want to believe them you see what the Pope said the Pope said over the weekend that heaven and hell
Don't exist. Yeah, as entity. They're only a state of mind
He said there are Wayne Newton of somebody's imagination, which I always very clever
So this sort of shatters everything for these poor idiots. Yeah, but anyhow they don't want to accept the facts
Yeah, he said heaven is a double date with those altar boys in Nevada
And okay god bless you sir and have a great life. Thank you. Thank you. Okay
By the way, how coincidental we'll get that thing about the shroud of terrain. Does anybody believe that? No anybody with a brain no
Jakarta Indonesia clashes between Muslim and Christian gangs in eastern Indonesia and attacks by separatist rebels in the far west left
17 people dead on Tuesday. Oh
Moms rampaged in Ambon the capital of the Malakoo archipelago
Looting and setting ablaze dozens of shops in sectarian violence between Christian and Muslim residents officials and witnesses said
clashes between the rival groups have wrecked wrecked and wrecked the province
1450 miles east of Jakarta that was known as the spice islands during Dutch colonial rule
If they would have just listened to the Dutch they would have gotten rid of all that crap
They'd have put a bunch of
prostitutes about they had the red light district about all those churches and people would have had a good time and said oh god
That's good instead of a totally different because of these religious nonsense as
More than 300 people died during similar violence in January. There's the good news
Oh
As that good old time religion once again goes to show you just how much love and brotherhood and how great it brings everybody in the world together
It says police attempted to disperse hundreds of looters by firing tear gas and warning shots in the year
But when the gangs armed with rocks machetes lances arrows and gasoline bombs failed to scatter officers were seen firing into the crowd
And you like that another one of those isolated religious incidents
Where people keep killing each other and hating each other
Because of that good old time bubble-nice
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's point and V. Chelo
Hello Neil. Yes, sir. Neil God speaking anyway. I just to let you know you got huge huge fans on the airline
We listen to you on uh on the air
Right I know when we're flying any particular airline that we can mention or should we better not?
It's a big one. It's a big airline. It's a big one in Miami. Okay, and I just to let you know you got huge huge fans
I'm a huge fan
Circumstives who will know uh flight attendant from a major airline. We love you Neil. All right. All right. No, they love me on air
Canada. I'll tell you that
Air Canada and the American airline
All right, and have a great day
Any okay to see you. See you soon as I said American. Oh wow listen
Hey, I'll tell you one thing the food's good on American Airlines. If you happen to get one of the flights where they actually serve it
Now that's uh, you know
And once you get the smoke out of your eyes, they're pretty good
Love my friends at Air Canada. How's my friend Helen Helene? Whatever her name is how she doing heard from her lately
No, did you put that in here by the way? I don't want to interrupt our lunch order because that's the most important thing
Did you put that the where's Nelson thing in here? No. Oh
We don't have that ability while we're around the air not yet. Well, why not
Why the hell not
Fine. Yeah, sorry about that. We're only on the air who are you talking to is that the lunch people because oh well
I said it's more important than the show
WQ a m
Hi George. Yes, sir. George is ordering George is ordering lunch right now. This is Neil answering the phone for George. Oh, Neil
I'm sorry. Neil. I'm very curious about something you said earlier today. You mentioned that
cocaine staging your system for a month is something I used to live on that stuff until I saw the light the the blue light
That is yeah, and uh, where can I read that article, sir?
Let me find it for you, sir. It's in one of our papers here today
One of the Mullet rappers. Yeah, exactly one of our fish rappers
Beautiful
Let's see Albanians take back university
Plague of locusts is already do a embark on journey to earth
Let's see. Maybe it's in the uh
Maybe it's in the herole of course because we know if it's in the herole that must be true
Today's hero then today. It's in today's paper
Um
Judge upholds get out the vote effort by the Christian coalition our arthritis pill fast
Fasted selling new drug ever the Kennedy wedding finally to all here it is. It's on page six a in the
Front section of the brow edition of the hero that says cocaine use linked to lasting impairment
Heavy use of cocaine impairs memory manual dexterity and decision making for at least a month after the drug was last taken
According to a new study by
researchers at the national institute on drug abuse
I had always been curious about the long term effects of that garbage, you know
Um, keep in mind that Darryl strawberry who of course had a little white powder problem 20 or 30 or 40 times in his life
He's back planned tomorrow to mind her little
We'll be back there with the Yankees. We ought to be real proud of that
Ouch
Hey, how did you like the golf match in fine time last night? Nail somehow missed it somehow managed to a slide by
Did you record it on your bcr? Yeah, I'll be watching them when I go home to them
Beautiful. Hey, can I call somebody to do stuff? Yes, sir. Jim can you're a golfing doose bag all right
And don't forget I like Pepsi better than coke
5 6 7 0 5 60 pond 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Legalized pot legalize hash people with coke people are selling cocaine put them away for a long time
That's what I say that white powder will screw up everybody's life connected to it
And I don't give a crap how many of you pseudo intellectual yuppies out there think that you can get away with it
Evil destroyer sooner or later in most cases
It's wicked evil stuff evil
Because I don't know anybody that grows it in their backyard
Do you get my drift uh-huh?
We are getting some good the Colombian gold by the way brought in today
One of our suppliers. I don't want to say JP's bringing it in but one of our suppliers is bringing into the mate. What is it?
Pound pound just a pound
That should be enough to last till Thursday
This place in this joint
5 6 7 0 5 60 you know what I'm saying?
Pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. This is your marijuana smoking station for the 90s and we're proud of it
In fact, you know something I don't smoke but I'm gonna start to when it's just an opposition to this guy grand repressive country of ours
I'm gonna start lighting up and you know what I am what else. I'm gonna start smoking in here
And that's right this bull crap about no smoking how come when we were down on the second floor in the same building
We used to smoke those stokies all the time. Am I right about that or am I my memory fading every day
During that whammy thing remember those horrible awful days and that embarrassing tv piece of crap on the worst tv station in history
Remember those days. Uh-huh
I had that big stokie in my purse and it was lit up and he was sitting in the other room there puffing away
Look like a look wibzy the owl was in there
But all of a sudden he moved up on the turd floor and all of a sudden. Oh, it's a non-smoking environment and Greg doesn't want to
Yeah, stick it up your ass, Greg, okay?
Do a moniker with that cigar
We want to smoke some of good stuff in here would improve the improve the numbers on the rest of the station in measure. Oh
Oh, I'd hate to see beef. Oh man. Can you imagine beef? Oh smoking on here
By 10 o'clock. He weighed at least 350. This man is just ballooning up a job of control
Looks like somebody stuck a gigantic bicycle pump in his back home just won't stop blowing
Here's the fort lauderdale. Hello. Hi, god. Yes, sir. The movie godfather
That blows all about to cheese dog Guinness. Yeah, and yeah, and blow this
cheese dog Guinness
Sounds like one of those people remember I was talking about the
Force sterilization in the south before I think he's a walking evidence of it walking proof or crawling proof
560 505 60 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line
Sorry, we couldn't keep you on a little bit longer there pal, so it could show the other cheek to the rest of the audience
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Mobile in Miami
Yes, sir. I mean this sir. I do good. I'm good to you. I do. I
I want to let you know. I know you're a maven on the godfather
I want you to know I just recently finished the book after all these years. Yeah, the picture never read the book book is better
The book is better. Absolutely correct. Sure
But that's always what I what I wanted to tell you was I learned an answer from the picture
I never understood a line from the picture that I learned about the book
Maybe I'll tell you a little about it
Yeah, you remember when he said when he says that for men's uh, uh, we as the negotiators
Just like that playing peanut the little little little went right
I never knew where that came from and the picture they never explained the stuff
But it's about those baccaccio's display you remember the book you must have read it years ago
Oh, I read it in ages ago. Oh, you don't remember that. No
Oh, who's an negotiator's world what that was all about the baccaccia?
Yeah, that was a lunch for God
That's the Soviet family that always got vengeance do you remember that right
Well, that's who they was. I just wanted to make that point nothing more. Okay, Adam material and that clemenza
Clemenza we'll see him no more
I know
Okay, huh
Maybe what's the real this is the mob they didn't like the who most could have been okay God bless you sir
I'd say how to frecky pentangely could by the way
He's sitting in the bathtub opening up his wrist
We've lead for frecky pentangely
These small potatoes
I say let's invite the mob into town
Instead of the herald always screaming about casino gambling in the mob shoes that would come in let's let them run this town
Then you'd see transportation then you'd see shuttle you'd see like they have that mono rail in Vegas. You know what I'm talking about
We'd have mono rails all over the goddamn place in fact everybody in town would have mono
Mono a mono that's what we would be doing
Arm in arm hand in hand hand on your gland because we'd be having a great time
And instead of this place being a dying town thanks to the herald and the sun sent all we've lecturing about the evils of those one our bandits
We'd have tourists 12 months a year instead of this deadly from from pace-ochen till a labor day time when this town is dead in the goddamn up prune
Just take a look around you man
If you can find one white person anywhere around you I congratulate you right now
And the only reason the sparks are still here is because most of them can't afford to get out of town
No, that's true. That's the only reason they're still here
They don't want to be here in this hell hole in the middle of the goddamn summer
They might go up northwards. It's usually cool. Oh, sorry
See that's one good thing to feel about it good about if you can't go on vacation this summertime if you're a little bit short
I'm cash if you're starving to death feel good about it because we're gonna how would you have gone and cooled off no place
So let's feel good about that. We're switching over here no matter where you are
Are you?
Now
Go in the worries me
My head has to took me with her back to her double-wide
What a deal ain't got no wheels and inside but like something died
She gets my cheek and wiggled her right
We're all alone in the house
But I got the way she gave me a kiss
You until back in her mouth all was red next
Sure love and says yes
Just ain't as good unless it's family
Because all was red next practice
So come meet my new wife
She's my me
I just got me a farm with horses chicken scouson
Four by four that I adore with tires that are too damn big
The rear window it has a gun right as where I keep my gun
We have a flag in the wife so back my neck is red from two looks done
All was red next
Sure love and
The sex just ain't as good unless it's family
What's what because all was red next practice
And
My sister is the one over there the dirty
Every human did hard to choose
Who got the nicest to
Oh
And I don't like the way my daddy is watching me
No more four five six you have to anyway the more stuff are grandizing my good close personal friend Al Goldstein sends the
75 copies of the same fact that say
Attention Al Goldstein on late night with Conan O'Brien August 4th Wednesday
on NBC
What else push on there saying you're looking for glory hole
Okay, there you go
As I'll continue to shameless crusade to promote www.screwmag.com
Which yesterday we got the full color version of the
JFK the fish food and
Now was it was that magazine different in any way?
Where was it was it a new one was that the new school we got the other day that had the color and
Different screw. Yes, so in other words, they've now colorized it. Let's hear a nice going now
Some of grandizing fat slobodies a good guy is okay in our book a little too fat
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Yeah, yes, sir
First of all, I want to thank you for everything you've done because I drive all day and without you
I'd probably be killing people like everyone else
Well
Second of all the other day I was I was in the keys and I met the Swiss girl
Yeah, you know, you know how you say you don't speak the language you shouldn't actually try
Well, we're there talking and all of sudden she starts talking about Jews
And she's like about Jews
about Jews and she was like
I don't know why they think that we have their money and all this
I was just like I couldn't believe what she was talking about and she said that she went to New York that
She that the Jews didn't like her there and she didn't understand why because she was very tolerant of the Jews
Well, isn't that white ever? Huh? That's great. Let's one step up
Now we want the guy their money back now
Here right anyways
Blair Witch, let's shake down the Swiss
Swiss
Yeah, but Blair Witch I think you'll hate it. It's a good movie, but I think you'll hate it
Well, if it's a good movie, why would I hate it?
Because like I was saying you came yeah, exactly. I was sitting in the first row and I wanted to I just wanted to leave
Okay, I'll bring a bag
All right, well thanks again. Okay. Thank you. God bless you sir. There's the good news
We're gonna shake down the Swiss and get our money back from that gold filling
Oh my stuff
Damn Swiss. Although they do make a hell of a chocolate bar
Then in a bilgeons five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line
Do you know that the Swiss are the highest consumers of chocolate in the world and that they average
How much is it 11 kilos per person per year? Do you know how much that is
That's like about 24 pounds of chocolate per year. That's two pounds a month
That's why they have to keep all of you's money because that chocolate's expensive man
And they don't eat crappy cheap chocolate. They eat the expensive stuff
So anyway MTV is finally caught on let's hear it naked teenagers hot young teenagers
Morning noon and night on MTV
Here it what did I tell you I told you this a year ago
That's the reason that stupid show is still on there that what the hell is it on the whanny
10
And
I had a thing stuck in my throat. I would have we'd have had to do it
5 6 7 I don't want to tell you what I was stuck in my throat. Well, I'm just watching this thing on MTV. There's something for everybody on there
Here's a mobile in four-lotterdale hello
Neil God good morning. Yes, good afternoon. Waitness to you. You know what the reason why all these days while players are doing so much coke is because the game is so goddamn boring
Yeah, stay away. That's true. In honor of their drama. I'm sorry
In honor of strawberry coming back. Can you place your need balls sure can thanks a lot Neil God and have a great day
Please welcome the two newest New York young
Darrell strawberry
I'm talk good in
And the personal coach
Steve how
How
That's what I'd like to know
Not good in the wind up the straw man snorts the lineup. He's drooling like a dog who heard about
He's high as a lab rat for smoking the cracket of that
He doesn't like cocaine just like the way it smells
Snort and a ball how's rolling up a 20
And he's given good and plenty
They lick the 20 dollar bill
Their teeth are grinding like a peppermill
doing a ball
How tall and pills
He's
Steve how is in the bullpen his nostrils are wide open. He's so f**k up beating. He's on the braves
He gets advice from doc and doctor'scribed some rock
The first people were lining to any blooder
Snort and a ball they abuse the magic powder snort and a ball
When go in on that clam chowder prescription got the pet you will refill
They do it in the pool if they had gills
Doing a ball
Out come all in pills
For that money
A ball
Out come all in pills
I like a welcome you all aboard
Is she a manager?
Hi
From 095 60 WQM don't forget our poll question today can't it smush macho Ricky Martin or Jordan Knight
This is 560 QAM
Third day pig f**ker in front of GD
In general you're not a sweaty person but when it gets really hot out there
You do tend to get a little drippy especially in your ass
But don't worry it's not just you it happens to everyone
So in order to restore you to that natural dry crack you've grown accustomed to
Menon has designed an all new product called speed crack the only deodorant designed
Especially for your ass before speed crack my ass used to get so sweaty that I was afraid people might think
I had crapped my pants and sitting down oh forget about it
That definitely felt like I had crapped my pants
Sure the quick slide action of sweaty ass aided me in my speed walking
But overall it was more of a problem than a benefit
So every morning after your shower don't forget to brush your teeth
Calm your hair put on regular deodorant and then drop trial and use a couple swipes of speed crack
Now available in stick and gel and look for the aerosol can coming soon
Speed crack deodorant for your ass
Well that's not blood on the fish rule is it? Oh boy
1215 at 560 WQM 560 705 60 pound 560 on a mobile one line
I'll tell you one thing now they keep putting these shows on earlier and earlier on MTV with all this flesh
Most of you guys are going to be like worn out before dinner time
That's right you're going to be spent so to speak squirt squirt before you're acting on break
Here's the call in bell harbour hello
Hello, damn. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing great. Oh, yeah, listen
I'm gonna Vegas this weekend. I'm staying at the Bellagio
I just want to have you a bit there. Yes, I have it's real nice. It's amazing. Yeah
Oh, it's my first time. I'm going to Vegas. Oh, you'll be you'll be right in the middle of it all
No, the casino's good the casinos there. I'd agree like Meyer Lansky said the greatest casinos in the world
Really and how's the sports book over there?
The good sensation. Yeah, I'm going there. I take 20 30 grand. You'll have a hell of a time. No, I'm not gonna take that one
Take two 300 bucks. I think I'm leaving Thursday come back Sunday. Yeah, that's that's long enough
Yeah, that's good like I said take 40 50 grand. You'll have a fantastic
40 50 grand now seriously know it even if you lose your ass you'll have a great time. Yeah
What other things? What other sites do you recommend you're gonna run a car?
Um, I don't know probably you should really drive out drive out into the mountains and see the whole city and you know
What it's all about other than just a strip man? I'm really going forward to it. I really
Want to go if I'm sometimes to come back coming back Monday
Uh, Sunday night. Okay Monday. I want to spy report. I'll give you one. Can I call? Yes, sir. Okay call somebody a dish bag. Yeah
Rubber-purent satin is a fat stupid asshole. Okay. Have a great time, but okay
Uh-huh. What do you say he's an asshole? What he said
Can we see that? No five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line
I go back to that Robert Steinback column that we have it any calls about and probably won't because it's so silly and so idiotic just on the push of it
He ran his cross-country drive he ran across countless people who loved where they live and virtually none of them will dream to come into Miami
How do you like that Robert? How do you think?
Yeah, people actually enjoyed where they were living and didn't have any desire to come here
So they can get shot or bug or both
Good drugs though especially on South Beach. What are you what are you looking at now? Jesus right?
In most of the night. I'm so sorry that I turned you on to this damn uh show
Lower vest her on the lower left she was there. Oh, they're almost gonna fly out. Yeah. I'm not paying. I'll catch him here. Okay. I
Hate to break the new few but
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line
I'll pay attention to him for a couple of seconds. How about let's get some of the clothes off. That's what I say
Get a few clothes off these guys
Of course there's one thing we all want to know how young is too young right
That's our pull question. They by the way how young is too young here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Oh that Britney Spears man. Yeah, like I said too young
Exactly, but you're on the other way and she's getting older by the minute. Oh man. Yeah, when she's 18
That's her careers washed up
Then we got to get the next 14-year-old online with the next guy going out to Vegas
Yeah, bring some like ocean or nose spray man. It's so dry out there
You know compared down here my nose bleeds every time I go out there
The most important thing you got to do is take chapstick because your lips get real dry all depending at you're gonna be playing on doing
But seriously your lips get real dry and you got to take chapstick
That's my best advice. You know
You know, probably you meant that scene then you mentioned of course as you do every day the godfather. Yeah
Oh, by the way before I mentioned that you know
You're supposed to only show that I do not tune out during the commercials because some of the cops
Yeah, thank you some of the copies. Oh hilarious. Yeah, that's like a show in itself. That's right
How do you wish the sponsors felt the same way? Yeah
Oh anyway, uh
Did you know that you know there's these taxi commercials going around?
Right
Right, you know they pulled the one where she goes into the Italian restaurant
They only ran that twice and they got such crap from the
Italian-American to
Alon what's wrong with them if they lost their sense of humor?
And to me that was the best commercial. She comes in. She's doing the old godfather. I love it
Overstepped you know that was my favorite one. That was the best one
They pulled that after like two or three days
Got so much from the anti-deformation league, you know something like that
Well, you know, I remember when the godfather the first one came out in 72 or three whenever was in
I remember on the today show and hosting it then was the illiterate Joe Dodgeola who of course happened to be from
Guinea Hill in St. Louis and
Don't the Rodgeola yeah, and they had these
Priest on and a guy from the Italian defamation link and the church was psychotic about it and they and in the meantime
It's still made millions of dollars and everybody in the world has seen it
Like the priest that just wrote the book
And yeah, right I got to get a hold of that by the way, but the greatest thing is when you're sitting in Italy and a trot
Thorea and they always have some Italian music playing in the back, you know like music and then the godfather music comes on
I just sit there. You don't know whether the screen or lap or both great
Well, there used to be a place over West Dixie where the guy would come around with the accordion
And that was like the most popular song on the on the request list of course
Okay, beautiful lovely
Hey, uh, good day. Okay, and keep working on it. Okay. Oh, what a voice, huh
He's no way Newton. Thank God
5 6 7 0 5 6 8
Pond have you ever noticed by the way any similarities between a lot of the entertainers?
Well, I mean Joan Rivers. He wasn't Italian Tony Bennett. He was Italian, right? Uh-huh. Frank Snatra. Uh-huh
The Dean Martin uh-huh
A lot of Italian entertainers out there in Vegas. El Martino. Uh-huh. Wayne Newton. No. Well
Oh, no, we don't want to get in that Wayne Newton thing. Look at the way he beat the NBC for like six million, okay?
We're not going to get it as sucked into that deal
Because he sure is talented. He's your concern kind of
He sure he sure can speak any
Through his team. God
And you know the the saddest part of it is that there there are people talk about getting sucked in sucked into the hype
Well, tell you that he's an entertainer that he puts on a great show. There are people who will actually tell you that
And every time I hear somebody say that I just uh, I want to lose it. It is funny. Pathetic
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60. I love guys to talk through their teeth. You know what like Wayne Newton
He always makes you sound so sincere, you know
Don't you always feel like you want to get up tomorrow. Talk through your teeth. Sam lettuce. Yeah. He's like Sam lettuce
That's good or like Sam uh the uh promotion man
See, I want to tell you if I knew Jordan Knight. I would deny it
Oh, I didn't know though godfather. I didn't know no Jordan night
I wouldn't be like Sam running around of course with Sam his whole life is based on being an appendage to famous people
And the worst news is that Jordan Knight's got a new single and it's already number nine on trl
I'll tell you all your parents out there you better check your daughters your teenage daughters to see if they've got a brain larger than their thumbnail
Man, you better explain know what it's all about for them before they get too carried away
Here's bis game park. Hello. Hey, Neil better show them a picture of a fruit fly and say take a look at this. Yes, sir
How are you great?
The uh
You might if I give you just a little kind of a boring little story here. Go right ahead. I've got plenty of time to kill
We got an hour and 30 and it's up and I'm coming
I'll be honest with you shows actually moving along really good. Yeah, as compared to yesterday
It was a typical Monday piece of crap but today we're moving it baby
Because we're father intensive
Anyway, so um well, I've lived here in this game part for uh since I was like 10. Oh
You know, I like the area and I really like you know, why me? I've seen what it's turned into right turn into a push
In other words, you used to like it a lot better before I came out
But I still do I still like it because you know, I find the time to go out and do the boating thing and you know and stuff that I like
I know you're not interested in that but yeah
Anyway, it's exciting going out there and getting you know started to get my lowering
Point the most
Anyway, so I
Go and I try to you know, I'm looking for a place to buy in the Miami area because I have to live here
Due to my job. Yeah, so I buy I'm buying a piece property over on Venetian Causeway
Which is you know, it's right on the wire. It's pretty nice. It's a very nice place. I got it at a real reasonable price and
By the way, do you know where the fork and the napkin speaking of the Venetian Causeway? Let me give you a hint the fork and the napkin were invented in
Venetia Venice Italy Venice
Venetia but anyway go ahead. Well, no actually the British there and everything's kind of styled in the old
You know Venice no tradition there the British have it even though they've rebidled most of the bridges there the one bridge and a lot of
Really smelly water around you to the
Yeah, yeah, we can do without the Venetian water
Or the Venice water but
Anyway, this story gets back to this see even he's falling asleep. Go ahead. I'm making my own Phil sick
Yeah
Yeah, I love this guy these inspectors are gonna come by and approve the house for the mortgage company right now
They're that these are now, you know, I'm not real big money earning guy, you know, but I do pretty well
You know, I'm an electrical worker and so anyway, I have this first inspector comes by he's gonna try and improve the building for the mortgage broker
That I'm gonna deal with it's a very large mortgage broker company. He goes by and he says well
I can't I can't improve the place because what floors in the carpets are down. Okay. Oh, I'll rip up the carpets and you guys can send
Another inspector out, but he writes a few other things down. He writes a few things like this and that and the other thing
The next guy comes in. This is a several days later
He comes in right to a whole different scenario once I've ripped the floors up
The third guy writes a completely different scenario. Yeah, and here's the
I'm sorry. We don't want to store here
The final step the outcome of the whole thing is the mortgage company says well, we've approved the place
Yeah, I said well, what what what what about these uh, you know these items, you know
It's what it's all into come to please stop that deal
What it's born down to is that
The quality of work would ship in this town is right that a very slow
Right and now
I thought it was just I thought it was pathetic. Well, it's company itself the company itself, which is a large mortgage
They just they came back to the whole room very sorry about that. We didn't have that information in that
Anyway, Neil your show's willing. It's moving. Today it's moving. Hey, well, thanks for
I'm gonna get a bunch, but thanks for us stop and leave runaway train
Have a great day pal. Okay, good luck to good luck to you on a Venetian causeway
Well, he said it was gonna be brilliant lived up to his promise
I like a guy respecting guy at least the packages it honestly instead of pretending he's got some great material nice go on sir
5 6 7 0 5 60 I thought you were getting up to for lunch there or something. It's coming up the elevator
And how about lunch
By the way, how about that psychic dyke network? Let's hear it man
What a scan that is huh? I respect somebody can make a lot of money with a scam like that nice going. Chpo that's well-grippin
We don't never see those people by the way
Where are they are they on a second floor now or they appear somewhere?
Are they though they're over there? Oh, that's where all the lot of music is coming from now is pound 96
All that thumping on the goddamn wall Jesus Christ
They're starting again, man. They're just like well, it's the other doing their mixing in there yet mix this
26 past noon at 5 60 WQM by the way here's a classic example of John penis and the great job he's doing for his clients on his show
I'm tempted. I just don't know what to do anymore with this guy just I I know what he brings in David horror show from
Poppano Park this morning the last person on the face of the earth that I want to see ever not just this morning
But ever ever if I lived to be 600 whatever want to see him again. No
Oh hell new dad
All right
He's
Mom and dad were hooked together like my Lincoln wall
What's that nice look something like that mom went yellow and I think you're
God was breathing heavy
Mom was on her knees
He must have had a poopful cause she's just somewhere he's pee
Oh, he's been told to pee whole watching mom and dad
He's been told to pee whole the most on the ever had when we watched those little longer
And I started to get sick if daddy's name is teller why mom asked for it
Daddy's grown and his eyes roll back mommy wanted more
She's going back on top of him, but oh he did was sure
He's been through the keyhole has a minute had
I can't wait to drive his dog on dog's door in my class
I can't wait to drive his dog on dog's door in my class
Wow, do we have a feast here or what how long we have some kind of a feast today from our friends over there at the
Me days, which is at the North Perry airport
seventy five o'one pember croyd in pember pines
brought us that great stuff the last time and this time really went bananas. Thanks guys
We got a jalapeno peppered poppers and peppers and peppers
And I got my filly steak sandwich without the bread
And we got the shrimp and onion rings and just uh what about 50,000 pounds of stuff
excellent
I don't want I don't want to sound like we're insensitive to the starving people out there, but somebody's got to eat all this
five six seven oh five sixty that's what they always told me don't let it go to waste people are starving
Don't waste good food. Okay, we're gonna do our best to live up to that today
Look at all that Jesus Christ
Here's a pompato beach hello
Hey deal. Yes, sir. How are you doing everybody great god man you're my god doing good now we got lunch here sweet hurt
Oh man I'm waiting for that gold then get a drink here. I gotta have some that gold, bro
I mean yeah
How are you doing man? Okay, man. Oh gosh, you know that's why is this sunny fox
I'm sitting there beat by beat yeah, I'm good sounds like it something at something in his mouth
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey Neil. How you doing? Okay, sir? Long time listen to Neil. Yeah, I got something like he was high
Hey Neil. Yeah, it was funny yesterday my girlfriend
I was in the meeting and my girlfriend. She doesn't so much like you she knows I listened to you
You know all the time wrong with the women in this town
I can't go over and over again. I'm so tired. He's got that woman who flooded channel 10 the other day by the way
Because they're so psychotic that they couldn't find opera who moved over to channel four of the women in this country are
Hopeless. I don't know. I'm gonna listen to you for 20 minutes. That's it right anyway
She tried to listen to your yesterday for like 20 minutes. Yeah, I guess what you had on you had a Ricky mind
So she started laughing you had on the livin la livin la look I saw right? Uh-huh because your calls are dead yesterday
Right, so she pages me out work and I'm in a meeting by all means
So I get the phone. I'm like, what do you need babe? She's like I'm listening to Neil and he's got a Ricky mind
So I just started cracking up. I'm like yeah, he does that when the calls on you know, it was a dead
He plays you the Luis Miguel or Ricky Martin or Ricky and she's like I can't believe you're listening to him
I can't believe it for anyways. I got a question who's my king of mathematics?
Luis Miguel and Rika English us or Ricky Martin. Oh, that's a toughy which is the good you think man. I give it 10 Rika
Yeah, I got a coffee you ready?
I want like a swella
Kasekama boy. Okay, okay, see him
Which of course is Spanish for if I can get to sound your fast enough
Come on you can do it you'll find it in there here you go. How young is two young five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line
WQ a m. Hello
WQ a m
Yes, sir. Yes, sir. How you doing bro? Okay. This sounds like the same guy just sat on
No, these same guys. Okay. So I looked at him. Come here guy head on two calls ago
Oh, that ass. Oh yeah, that's that pudwacker. Yeah, pudwacker
That's what I was looking for. How you doing today? Okay
Man, what was that guy talking about?
I don't think you knew what the hell he was talking about
But uh, he said never the twain shall meet
Anyway have a nice day
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty in fact
I think Ricky Martin's gonna make a comeback pretty soon
That's a nice lunch here
I'd hate to have a beautiful lunch like this from eight days interrupted by stupid bunch of calls like these
I
Should have realized after two and a half hours of pretty um
A marginal not too bad stuff today that we would you know, so this is the food god here. We would um
Retrogress. What is the word I'm looking for
We'd think that you went out like we did yesterday
We would regress there you go regress ingress outgress regress
Or as Ricky would say what a nice dress
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line
Here's Miami hello
Hey Neil yes sir last five colors. I think they've all been stolen today. Mm-hmm
Anyway, Neil quick question got farther three. Who was Luke A.Z. Was he the head of the mafia in Italy?
Well, he was one of the uh the head of one of the families. Yeah, he's one of the big shots. Oh is that
It's almost look easy. Was he like an intermediary between the church and the mobbers on?
Well, hey, I mean what do you mean intermediary? They're all in together
Oh the bishop don't you remember the bishop? He's not
He's a good guy now. Oh all right. We have an understanding
There you go. Okay, that was it now you got you got it have a great day
And you go and don't ever give an order like that again. Yes, Neil
Can I call Murf the sir for duch bag? No, okay, see you
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line a great lunch from a fairs today
Let me let's say just what what I say may days. I said may fair
In the Grove from may days listen just bug out need to food. Okay, and stop being a pain in the ass
Now all of a sudden he's paying attention
Here's a mobile in bokeh. Hello
Hello, yes sir. Hey, how you doing? Yo, okay. Let's get here
I got a quick quick store here real quick for you talking about how young's two young
Yeah, I was seeing this girl for a while about three months. How young is two young?
Right exactly. So I'll see this girl for three months right and
31 years old. I'm 22 right right? I met her at a club. So I figured she was at least 21 right?
Or just girl, you know, I mean she looks like she's 21
back to when we were going out for about three months and
And one day I'm going through a purse, right? Yeah, she's 17
And I came across her her driver's license. Mm-hmm. I looked at it and I figured out her age. She was only 15 years old
Right? Uh-huh. So I can find her about it. She's like, oh, it's gonna tell you one day. You know this and that and I'm like
Well, I mean that's statutory rate, right? Isn't it? Right?
Isn't it? Yes, it is 15. Yeah
Yeah, I mean I told you not to call you back when you're 18
Yeah
Either that maybe she can go to work for the police in day county and by the way, I'm so glad this guy mentioned that story
Well, he didn't really do it directly but he inspired me to bring that back to mind about the 16-year-old hooker down there
Have you noticed all the talk about the a penny sales tax and all the obfuscation all this other bull crap that nobody wanted
Has anybody noticed what I predicted many many weeks ago? It's got to be two or three months now easy
That that story has just vanished
Oh
With those cops that were running the prostitution ring down there in Kindle and elsewhere. I think in high alia
with underage hookers
And allegedly there were cops from air-vee police force in date county involved in that the cop cars were showing up morning noon and night
In the meantime, what do we got? We got Al sunshine waving his ham hocks there on channel four
Screaming about air conditioning companies that he won't name on the air nice expose yesterday on channel four by the way
I'll not you coward you spymeless big fat turd. What a piece of crap that was
Yeah, well, they originally weren't Boka now they're in a somewhere else, but did they mention it on the air?
No, huh, so what what's kind of service you're providing for the public in the meantime?
Where's the expose? Oh, I got a jalapeno finger cut in my up pepper in my throat
Like that
No, seriously, where the hell's the follow-up on that story
Just vanish just disappeared just like I predicted as they swept out of the carpet all the great invested
Journalist we got in this town the investigators. Yeah, like Ike Seaman
And all these other brilliant reporters we got in this town just kind of slipped through their fingers the follow-up on that story
I mean after all she was at least 16 anyway
21 before I wanted five 60 WQA him. Hey, guess what nicks got
Oh, no, hey listen, this one like a gag. Yeah, like that. Yeah, well
You're supposed to light it not stick it down your throat and the cigar too
man, we're so with you gone from a sport hook
In the special day here it is the world when the screening days meet the rest of the girls in the closet no more
That's what day day is for it's a day day after all
All right
We can go and ease with our manicured go-tees is a gay day after all
We'll be holding hands in adventure and watch the live the manly marching van
We'll make tourists treat with a kiss on the cheek. It's a gay day after all
We can wear tight shorts. They don't go
Thanks and wear mascara like billies. They we can then slow way as we print since I shake it's a gay day after all
And GM will have a liberty ball hosted by a whipped-feller and
RuPaul their lean murder must be right my two mentioned people like hot is a day after all
It's a gay day after all
It's a gay day after all
It's a gay day after all it's a gay day after all
Well, yeah, you got hanging out of your assures. Yeah, I don't want to say that Joe Castell is getting a little bit out of control
But he's already stuck it around for free dolphin tickets
I don't want to say he's getting out of control at least the amwarded obnoxious Yankee uniform today
Thank God for that
Good thing you didn't ask yesterday when you were wearing that thing
We went into the break. We had 48 calls on the board and now there are two
We had 175 people lined up on here just dying to talk to me
Will we go into the break and are they all just run away?
Thank you so much for really hanging on there and sticking with me
But guess what I got Ricky Martin in my hand right now
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line
Here's my me beach hello
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. All those poscunox that give you a hard time tell them to go shini up the tree
Yeah
That's it. Okay. Thanks for your great material like I said we had the one call left in the board because that one doesn't count
Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach, hello
Mobile in West Palm
Sounds like a coin
What is this? Yes. Oh god
I want to get back to Miami at 2400 miles on this road and I'm packing my crap and getting out of town finally
All right, and I can't believe I'm telling you this
You have made me smile for so many years
And I'm even gonna let you say hello to my wife
We had been having the best time. We're going to an English speaking place
I'm not even gonna tell anybody where I'm going good good good job
I just we wish you the best to have
I'm packed it up and I'm leaving my Savannah and
We just want to give everything. Okay. God bless you. What are the few people out of heaven made a smile? Okay?
Thank you boys. Good luck now. All right. I'll read it. Erichy. I'll read it down. I still a lego
I still a way down and shut on okay get out of here
5 670 5 60 pound 5 60
On the mobile one line. What is this is a great lunch today, huh?
Sensation lunch from Mayday, spare
nephew North Perrier port. Hey listen. I'll get it right one of these times that if I keep messing it up
That gives me excuse to keep mentioning it over and over again
There's a method in my madness anybody believe it. No. No. Here's a mobile and poppano. Hello
Yeah, yes sir. I was wondering though. Do you spit a swallow?
Here's West Palm Beach hello
Good afternoon Neil. Yes, sir. Congratulations on your know for your sales tax down there
Yeah, just a quick little story. I live up in Port St. Lucie, St. Lucie County. Yeah, and
You have to tell me about it the pilot it's so funny. They just want the palms greased up there that we have a problem with the
Something of the water is into the intercoastal and killing all the fish and all that. Yeah a lot of power. And of course St. Lucie
Pesicite too. All that so the patient said well, we don't have enough money to
To fund anything clean up the river. We you know, we don't care. Well at the fish dive
But we do have enough money to pay our attorneys to fight because we want another bridge over to the island
Where maybe I don't know. Yeah, but let me ask you why are you telling us this? I mean, would all do respect you know because I am desperate
But why are you telling us this? Just basically a little information
There's a lot of people up here to listen to you and hopefully you know, they get the message what the politicians around the world do the same thing
Uh-huh. They just want their palms greased. They get this bridge big is this bridge built
Yeah, there's more money for them. We can now we can raise the taxes if they need bridge
Yeah, and it's exactly like it was down there
You know, they want to they put a half cent sent whatever but no money goes right to them
Exactly to them. Well, let me just tell you one thing Florida sucks. Yeah, okay
I mean, yeah, that's a problem. Okay back to you sir. Okay. Thank you
Whoo
Always a good time in the new hour for nice little siesta
So anybody want my dolphin tickets for this season? I don't want to wipe up screw in jokas tell a lot of all
You know, but he's not getting all eight games and the free parking pass and of course Josh ain't getting any because he doesn't need any freebies
He's already got his passes. You don't need tickets to go to a game
I got I got news for it anybody that works in sports on this radio station that isn't getting into the dolphin games
Especially for free really need to refresh your course on sucking around. I'll tell you that right now
In addition to which if I was working on a high paid Humper Goldberg show there in the afternoon
If I was in any way associated with that and he didn't give me free tickets to the dolphin game
I would start getting really hostile about that
Kind of crap is that
Now poor Joe he's in there working with Igor all day
So what the hell is he gonna get besides a migraine?
Huh besides maybe catch your leprosy or something like that
Hey, let me you got a feel for the guy. You know when you have leprosy
Most people don't want to get too close to you. That could be the problem
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line although I notice he hit he's not a how come he didn't come in for free food today
By the way Igor would it have extra
We didn't all this was ordered no extra today Igor sorry
You know I'm saying yeah
Okay, maybe next time
Here's a lady mobile in the gables hello
Hello, yes, ma'am hi. I just called to let you know that I've listened to you for years and obviously that
His girlfriend has no clue as to what is really good right
All right, that's it have a great day now. Thanks. Yeah
Yeah, she's just another dumb bitch that guy's girlfriend who hasn't got a sense of humor like most of the women in this town
That's why we have a 1.6-year-in-woman. We got 55 billion men list them out there no women none
About 10 that's why when I came out today and I said is drew a jewel on a guiding light and a great
I don't know what I'm talking about
Alan Spalding his heart keeps stop beating 50 million times and last the two a's already it stopped beating
And they stay keeps coming back to life
And it bring on the new Harley back just in time to spring forth with that little boy
Which I'm the only and amazingly enough they had it for the first time in soap opera history
They had a person replacing her while she was pregnant in real life by the way a person read that looks just like her
For the first time in soap opera history. Oh, if any women call him about that no
No, they're too busy waiting to find out what channel Oprah is gonna be on that's a cult
It should be banned that whole opera cult of a bunch of simple than idiotic women
If Oprah told to go over the top of the top of 50 story building and jump they'd all be doing a hand in hand
Maybe cry to the guy they elevate it. They'd be jamming it
Idiots
Here's cruel springs hello. Yeah, how you doing pretty good sir
Should I just uh duck back from San Antonio, Texas last night and on the way driving through left
Let me stop in galaxy Mississippi and see what all this
That wasn't it was actually great meal
You know this I mean I've been to bluxy just before all this gambling stuff started
Now you've got a town. I went right on the water. There's a new casino there called the Bow Revage
And uh went in it was great. I stayed in a hotel across the way
And there's people out at night and it's safe and there's uh
Casinos all up and down and they're all right time and this was a hellhole
I mean it was a toilet. Yeah, and uh, I just think you should start running and Ravens more so you can get
In Raveny more you think I'm gonna waste my energy on that. It's not gonna happen here sir. There's no point
All we have to do wait for all these like old people to die. No, it's not the old people
It's the young people like governor Bush and Bobby Butterworth and the herald in the Sun sentel
It's all the middle-aged goody two issues Bible thumping hickory critical self
Dictating assholes these are the ones who are keeping this place in the dark age
Well don't you think if some of these young people got out and actually voted maybe that would help
Well when and when is that election gonna take place? Oh, I don't know
I have no idea. It's not even on the ballot. It's not ever exactly. That's my point. It's not gonna happen
Just be ready. It's criminal
And they're and they're guys like Robert Steinbach at the herald this morning crying and all this turning into a toilet
And wondering where the money goes going to come from we're talking billions of dollars that we're saying no to because there are a bunch of special
Literacy people that want to keep a death grip on this town and keep us in the dark age
That's why we have no casinos in this state
Well, a perfect example is boxing Mississippi. Yeah, but you know, let's let's let's open one in
In anywhere even a bunch of rednext in Baloxie. I got enough brains to realize that it brings in tons of money
And that the people that run the joint are gonna put up with any crap
Oh, Chris. I mean, thanks, bar. Good luck, sir. I'll see you in Vegas. Not in Baloxie. Not for me
567.0560 pound five 60 in fact that David a hurl from Pompato Park
You asked me want to go to Baloxie for free our company owns the casino there. I said are you gonna be there? He said maybe I said no
No, thanks. I said is there any chance that you might be there. He said well, maybe I said no. I will not go there
No, seriously. How could John penis bring that man into this building?
Can you see the things that are growing on the walls in this studio since he left here this morning about quarter to ten?
No, sir. He makes Chris bathhouse look sanitary by comparison. He makes him look appetizing
I'm serious. Oh, you didn't see this guy. You didn't see David Horos show
Igor on a bad day Igor with a bad bad case of
The squirts that's David Horos
I mean our sales department are oh, by the way you want any more numbers from Todd directs a home phone number
Here's the list by the way guys there it is all the sales people their home numbers
They're a work number their cell phone their page or their shoe size the redress
Who they're sleeping with?
Well, I didn't mention that I want to give you a kiss. Yeah him too
So anyway, what's the second number in Todd directs a home phone number, huh?
We're gonna give that tomorrow in fact every day on a show sometime during the show
We're gonna give another number in Todd good
No number and his cell phone and his pager and his goddamn home address and all his relatives
Because he is the antichrist. He's the trooper cabra
Talk about truth and packaging if there's anything such as walking
wreck that's the guy
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes, sir. Hi great show
I had a couple points you you had mentioned yesterday something about spring of Florida or is that for the canker?
fungus they got a new fungus among us here that they want to turn loose to kill the marijuana plants
And unfortunately, what they're not admitting is that it's a fungus that doesn't go away and also kills like
A certain like tomato plants and other kind of of of produce. Yeah, I was gonna say it concerned because I'm saying you know
I live here and it's a stuff like been tested
That it's gonna harm humans or are we gonna find that that like being not on 20 years later?
Because it's a poison toxic poison. Yeah, it's like agent pink, huh? Right also the
There is an article in the paper. I happen to just plant that and as I was running out of house
It's something like the traffic director now is
promoting an idea to
abolish
All tolls except for or charge commuters single commuters the tap and
People that use public transportation ride for free. Did you see anything like that? No
You may want to check the herald you know, I don't know
You might want to super around with that a little bit and one other thing all the people in day county
You did a great job and you see what happens when you get off your bus and you go vote
You got to vote on everything to get things to go your way
Okay, I'm glad you're having great day. Okay now stick our heads back at us and it'll talk for the best five six seven oh five
60 pound five sixty on the mobile one line
It's not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon. We have no more housing of peppers
It can speak to us least small ration for some reason
I ordered a whole order. Yeah, Mark and
But we got like a big bag of like winning the bad guy. I made me real sick
They're very good, but you can huh? Maybe they're trying to save your life
Oh, who now's asking for that. I want some more a jalapenga peppers man. They're great
Anyway ancient pollen may link shroud to Jesus
Who scientists in St. Louis say that bits of ancient pollen found in the shroud of Turin offer evidence that the mysterious cloth
With the outlines of a human body is indeed the burrow cloth of Jesus Christ. How do you like that? Huh?
They found the pollen visit is what it was maybe he died from allergies
Oh my god
The finding being presented today at the 16th International Botanical Congress in St. Louis
Clashes with carbon 14 dating a decade ago that indicated the shroud dated back only the 14th century Europe
The finding is likely to generate enormous interest among geckys who passionately believe in the cloth as a Christian relic
But this new evidence is unlikely to convince skeptics who have long challenged the shroud's history
So there you go more bubble mice is for the weak minded
Here's Miami Beach. Hello
Miami Beach
Hello, Neil, I just wanted to say you're okay great. Thank you
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello
Miami
Hello, yes, sir. How are you Neil? Okay, trying to keep this crowd awake. I hear you
My colors are from the 14th century. Yeah exactly. Jesus. I wanted to speak about it. What do you expect?
Sure. I wanted to speak about two things. First is the
Blair Beach project, which is a goddamn hoax. Yeah, come on. We're not getting a bunch of calls on that today all kinds of
The papers
Yesterday everybody was freaked out about it. Yeah, but they should start writing some movies such as American history X
Learned something about film in general and then about people in general not some hoax out
Blair Beach project
Second is the fraternity issue you had mentioned that today. I know you don't like bringing up
Passhills, but I'm an ex-president of my fraternity and New Jersey. Okay, great
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line goes to show you when you go to a fraternity become a potty mouth
And you can't get toward your language and you get bleeped off the air and then we move on to the next call
That's what happens when you go to one of those stupid damn dumbass fraternities, okay?
You become sophomore in juvenile and you start saying all these things
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a lady in pomp it'll be
Only back call me on a real phone line. We got the hollow sound backing and let's hear it
Oh something fell
And it's I believe Radio Shack equipment. We got in here a phone system from hell
5 6 7 0 5 60 see things were going along much too well for two and a half hours
I should have known that sooner or later probably sooner it would start sticking up to joint
5 6 7 0 5 60 and pomp 5 60 on the AT&T line so when's lunch coming
Here's a lady mobile and curl springs hello
Hi, Neil. Yes, ma'am
This one to let you know there are a few ladies down here listening now not too many just a very very few and most of them
I'll admit at least I commend you on having the guts to admit it now
We also wanted thing and I also watched the guiding light all right and I've been away all week
And what happened when Reva last week? I've been gone for all week. Oh that that Reva storyline they got they got to stop with this already
Okay, it's so ridiculous and then he's fencing the
A prince he's fencing with a duke or whatever the hell he is they're fencing and and along comes his brother
And he changes the tip on the end of the sword and they come back from a coffee break and they're fencing
He spears Reva in the side and she's going oh
Hey, now he's framing his sister with it. It is so ridiculous that part of it
In the meantime Alan of course Alan's falling had a heart attack and
And they do the whole thing and he makes a big comeback. They go for a
Angioplasty or whatever the hell they call angiogram. He's okay. He's gonna be great. He's lying there
All of a sudden here again he goes into cardiac arrest
The real
Harley comes back. She's brings loose with a baby. She's delivering the baby
Just while Rick has got the things on Alan's chest and he's trying to bring him back to life again
All of a sudden oh here comes the baby. Here comes the heartbeat again
And fill up brings in the little baby here at that. Here's the baby and Alan opens up his eyes at the end of the show
Like that. Oh, that's so cute. Isn't that corny huh? Yeah
And in the meantime, at least we made little improvement there on Matt anyway who looks more than like 10 years old
Oh, is your new Matt? Yeah. Oh, I didn't see him. Oh, yeah
Oh, I give him about an eight on a scale of a hand too bad
He certainly had proved over that five-year-old kid they had on there before
Well Vanessa looked like his mother before no, no not that Matt. This is the isn't this kid's name Matt and maybe I got the wrong name
Oh, no, no, no, no, no. What's his name? No, he's not Matt
That's his name. You mean Drew's brother. Drew's make-believe brother right? Yeah
Drew the Jew her make-believe brother
Yeah, and then she gets into a big son of dance with
With Jesse because I who religion is more important than the rabbis concerned that he's a guy and I a
DeGuy and all of that business
She never met enough of that. She looked about as Jewish as Heinrich Himmler
Before that she would done anything in the world to have Jesse now she has Jesse and now she will marry because she's Jewish and really exactly
I don't know why we keep watching it. We're hooked. We can't turn it off. I know
Like channel four news. I hate it, but I can't turn it off. I know
Well, I want to let you know that we're here now. We always listen. Thanks. We'd like. Okay. I love you say hi to birth power
Okay, bye-bye
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Let's see 1959 40 years 40 years. I've been watching the guiding light. Let's hear it
Pretty sad commentary isn't it? Uh-huh
Back in the days when a soap opera used to be 15 minutes all you punks out there today
You can't even imagine a TV show being on 15 minutes. No, can't even begin to imagine that
15 minutes
We had the search for tomorrow at 12 30 with show. What the hell was your name? Joanne uh, Tate
That was your name
And the actress that Mary Stewart who played Joanne Tate now she's Aunt made on the guiding light anybody buying that no
What a memory man for unimportant stuff if I could remember the important things I'd be a multi-millionaire
But crap no seriously. I have the greatest memory for meaningless crap of anybody in the world
I could turn to the aims of horses that won
30 years ago at Hazel Park at Jackson Hartis raceway here comes the happy trip with Ray Krunk Jr.
Driving on the outside pulls away and wins by 10. That's going right
This is the most disgusting program. I urge everyone to complain to this station
I just tried good jumbled
I
Think my
Shit
I said, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go
home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home, go home,
go home, god, go home, they said, I think I forgot to do.
But he needs desperately got to take a leak and he's got an empty bottle no problem, right?
He can just whip it out and do a little score squared right in your bottle in a plastic cup whatever it is
And any kind of container but now for women's got to take a leak in a bottle, huh?
God what a mess
Too bad
Here's a lady in pop it OB. Tello. I gotta give a funnel. Hello. Hello. Yes. We'll get a funnel for you
I'm sorry. Yes, for me well for anybody
This is my first time calling you deal. I just tell you I'm from upstate New York
And I've been out here for six years. You're from upstate New York. Yeah, and where might that be?
Are you familiar with Adirondack Mountain? Oh, that's not upstate New York. That's like way upstate. Yeah
That's way up. I wanted one once went to camp when I was 16 years old in the end fourth lake in the Adirondack Mountain
I'm late George. All right. There you go
Anyways, my first time listening to you my boyfriend turned me on to this morning, right and I've listening to you ever since and I just
Am amazed by you you bro Howard's turn out of the watch exactly
You really did and I don't need 75 lesbians in here to help me do a show
Of course he's making 75 million year, but that's okay. And well so soon you will be too. I'll squeeze by
I just feel to the FM you know, just that's all he did too
I was wanting to know
When you were talking about the gambling kid's windows and everything down here
You were talking earlier to that gentleman right and it could be maybe because we have to support the Cuban
What does that have to do with?
Well, we're all going to
Supporting the Cubans there you go. There you go
You know, where are you from here and the Colombians? I beg your pardon. Are you from here? I'm from Havana
Havana. I'm sorry. That's okay. I don't know if I have a great taste with her. Don't do that again. Hey
5 6 7 0 5. She doesn't like you Cuban George. That's okay. She's from the Adirondack Mountains
I'm from upstate New York real upstate New York from Rochester, which is what real upstate see people when they say upstate people who live in New York City
They think upstate is any place north of Yonkers. That's upstate. Guess what?
Upstate New York is like anything west of Albany
Albany's connected the in Troy anything west of there. That's really upstate New York where it bends to the west there
Rochester canna digua Geneva Buffalo, but Tavia de Pue, Syracuse, Ferdonia, Hamburg
Connected now. I left that out. Binghamton. Now we're talking. It's a
Right that's upstate New York
So when am I getting paid?
Paid for what? I did lady says that
Are you going to start being a guy damn uptight professional Cuban again? Well, what are they talking about?
All the travel things you said about your Cuban mother
Has nothing to do with things. Yes, it does and has a lot to do. I'm sure as hell does we'll find some other some reason not her
Oh, I'm sorry. Well, maybe she's not maybe she's a ringer. Maybe she's Puerto Rican. Oh
She's white
You're
560 05 60 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line
George said that the Puerto Ricans aren't white as what he said
I heard him say it real loud. He said Puerto Ricans are sparsas is what he said those were his exact words
There might be some white ones
Here's a lady in Pember pine. Tell her
I'm not you another lady listening to you and also
Guiding light great, but the reason I'm calling you a guy just came in the worship me and said that he heard you talking about Blair witch and he couldn't get to a phone
Right that is now my sore point because I totally hated that movie good
And the more people that you and I can tell not to get
Save your money don't waste your money go write a decent movie, which this one isn't it? Yeah, because I don't know if you know any of the like
Prehyped that they had going oh, yeah, but they have a complete website that gives you a whole different picture
And there was also a special on the sci-fi channel called the curse of the Blair witch right which I got totally sucked into because my mother saw
Something about it people magazine and then it was supposed to be the scariest movie of all time. Oh, yeah
Oh, no really. That's what it said. I hear it's a piece of it. That's what I hear
Yeah, and I'll tell you if that was scary. I hear you got to be some kind of a Mongolian idiot to sit through it
Or to think it's scary
It is not at least it's scary, but if you want to check out something yourself or anybody else. Yeah, there's a website called mr. Showbiz.com
And it's all readers reviews about the Blair witch and they are I'd rather go see American pie
I'd rather see a bunch of hot looking the teenage guys of squeezing each other's genitals or whatever
Yeah, right
But all the reviews on there are so negative
So you need to if you're interested and you want to know about it everybody out there go read it because they'll tell you how bad a movie
It wasn't how you're just gonna get sucked into the life. God bless you sweetheart. Thanks for the warning wait me all go ahead
I also heard that you were asking you through was Jewish. I know she's supposed to be but I mean have you ever seen anybody so
Go ahead you're looking in your life. Well, yeah, and didn't just look a little funny with the amicons
Yeah, here's a Jewish chick with us and here's a Puerto Rican guy that's got a Yarmacon
Here's this little Midwestern town Springfield which was somewhere in the Midwest and they got a Puerto Rican mafia family
That's got like only three members in it
Well, because two are dead right
Unbelievable only on guiding light one more request. Okay, because early you could play prison bitch
Okay, before the Miami Dolphins and say hi to pop a bowler and Jeff and Greg okay, bye
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line and speaking of American pie how young is two young
He's out of control. He's you know and I what a what a disservice
We get warmed up for the week with mandates last night six to ten four solid hours of this radio genius
And out of night we got the Marlon crap back again. Oh my god
I guarantee you put mandates on there from six to ten every evening and those nighttime numbers will go skyrocketing up
Is there any doubt? No
The greatest ex-joc sportscaster in the history of the United States. I don't want to be honest like too much
You know what I'm saying where you fudge back? No, but this guy. He's he's just a gem a diamond in the rough
Here's hi, Lea hello
Yes, sir. Oh, there's it pull it. Call me back now. It's online five. It's online four
This phone systems a piece of crap Greg. Thanks so much to the beeswax. We're giving us the very best that money can't buy
Even neither is Woolworth they wouldn't have carried crap like this
You know what I'm saying?
Here's Pemberpine. Hello. Oh, well Neil. Yes. I'm not the father of my children
Thank God
Yeah, I went up to the right. I had some old bags listening to her dr. Laura
That show is great for a laughter when she rips people like oh, what are you doing?
Yeah, they show us for man hating women
Yeah, that's that's what that shows all about for women who are hitting and like poison. Oh, you're 16. What are you gonna do now?
Anyway, I want to talk to you. It was a great experience that for one thing. Yeah, you wouldn't believe who had the streets blocked off there
So
He was making his appearance there. They had the whole freaking young street shut down for this when when was this like the end of June oh
Oh
And these people were fit to be tied. Yeah, it was it was that was the only that was the worst part is you're talking about Ricky Martin
She was there he was there uh-huh that a big poster life-sized
Monument of him and Tom. They should have they should have moved him over east one more block over in a church street
And study ums. You need to be a lot bigger over there. How about the big news today? Do you hear the panthers?
Yeah, we got we got this Stanley Cup wrapped up. They don't have the project
Sit him to the project Chris Wells made it
Can you please tell me why in their right mind? They would either resign this guy. Do you want me to give you an honest answer?
Yeah, he's got naked pictures of the Murray's doing it with a Billy goat and I would into more people who talk like Brian Murray
Yes, don't pick on the spokesman. Okay, where go go panthers go. Yes, I need three requests. Yes three requests
Okay, that should take us up to two but they're short requests. Yeah, Goldie Jim Mandage in the Jeff Bush cart
Okay, see you. What what? What does that mean?
All in a row
Oh, wait, oh, you know something he said Goldie bad bad move pal because there's nothing in here under Goldie
Now if you look under Geldi you might find something like you might find up the butt. Yeah that
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Guiding light is great the Blair Witch project sucks
We just took a poll 7500 people. I went to see it only seven liked it and they're all demented fools. They're all going
Like that
Because they got sucked in by the puke cam
Here's hi, Leah. Hello. Is it working this time? Yes. Oh god. Sorry about that. That's okay. It starts five and dime. Fold me got here. Leo
You are God. Yes, I am. You're the best deal. Good. Hey
About that pea thing you it made me think of something. I read in playboy. You know, it's illegal to sell pee
Really? Because people are selling it so they could
Test you know like for doing drug tests. Uh-huh. That's what there's a kind of like that. There's a company that's made so many people have a yearning for it
The company that they make packets and they'll sell it for like
You know that this obsession with law enforcement and politicians about marijuana in this country
It's a mental illness anybody who's upset about anybody smoking weed or having in their system
These people need to be locked away somewhere
Absolutely hey, and I got a lot with either horror show. Yeah, I get a podcast in over the spot report
That guy is so dense, but I want to make sure that I'm not the wrong one here
He said that
As ground rule double was when the bar bounced over the fence. That's an automatic double
Is it? No, it's a ground rule bill. No, well Joe angel said and then I don't maybe he don't know baseball
But he said a ground rule double is
Pretends that that field like if you got the ivy if it gets locked in the ivy or something
He's wrong
So a ground rule double there's several definitions it can be if a fan reaches over and touches a ball if it bounces up toward the stand
That's a ground rule double. It can be if a ball bounces up over the fence
That's a ground rule double and it can also be what you're saying if it can cut into vine the vines that the bring me field
That's a ground rule double
I never heard that in my life
I don't know that's a joint just wow he's full of crap
I love Britney Spears put him in the laws column. Yeah, and if I ever met her in the
Words that Jim Manders I'd like to say uh
Well, yeah, but now I just wanted that other thing
And now you're expecting me to be that quick. Oh, of course. How young is too young get out of here. Yeah
Where did you get that thing with a guy goes oh man
5 6 7 0 5 60
5 60 and you wonder why they're going to see the Blair Witch Project
They had golf on TV last night and you wonder when they're going to see that piece of crap
They're bored man. They're looking desperate. They're searching. They're reaching. They're squeezing forward
Why do you think we're sitting there watching the stupid cartoon on MTV long after the naked flesh is gone
Where is something good on there? Where's much music maybe they got naked teenagers on there something anywhere? Huh?
What do they got searching desperately? Oh, they got some all look at that look what they got on there
Oh, can't hear out of here. Worst Austin powers when we need him
Oh, Alonzo you're so big
Well she got those ladies and she put it up with it one night and now
Did she forgot what the sound?
The
all right
gen
The
I'm gonna tell her to go away
I'm gonna tell her to go away
Well she's not all alone
Then you start with getting whiter
Turned out
She had to decide
15 years and five years
She was the difference of rivers
All through now
I'm gonna get fucked tonight
But that she's gone in here
Maybe but she's looking for some hope
She's gone out
I'm gonna tell her to go away
I'm gonna tell her to go away
And she will shine my mind
Never wanted anything to go
Okay 132-560-WQM
I have a facts here that I find very, very suspect
From one of our regular chronic factors
Who says he was shocked to hear Hank's opposition to casinos coming to Florida
The Humper is against Casino gambling in Florida
I find it very hard to believe
He's not already here, he should be here any minute
Hank Goldberg is against Casino gambling in Florida
How can that be
Maybe you're afraid he's the bookie friend
To all God of business, to all those who broke
How was that possible
This ain't gonna become like Atlantic City
It would be like a living and breeding place
We were all those hotels right on the beach
It's a natural man
I say let's do it before the place
Completely turns into a toilet all along
Most of it's already well on its way
If you think that's funny
Wait till you hear this
Like they said in network
If you think that's funny
Here's a letter from my good close personal friend attorney Richard Friedman
Nice going dick
Again my sincerest thanks for helping
You're helping defeating the 1% metro rail sales thanks to the
Because you liked my rendition of the national anthem at the Panthers game on January 30th 97
I'm sending you a courtesy copy of my four love of country CD
A 15 song American Patriotic Music album
Which I produced and released on July 4th 1996
You'll also note the 28 page booklet by wrote
Which is included there in continuing lyrics mystery of each song
The CD can be found in the Miami-Dade County Public Library
It's just a certainly not in a record stores because nobody would buy it
Looking forward to hearing many more years of your irreverent comments
Your follically challenged friend Richard Friedman
Oh
Oh
Who say can you see
By the dawn's early light
What so proudly we held
At the twilight's last gleaming whose broad stripes and bright stars through the perilous ice
For the right part we want to
We're so gallantly streaming
Okay, don't quit your day job dick that's all I can say
In Florida
He's giving me a look like all of a sudden he went deaf turn up the miracle your Hank you're against casino gambling in Florida
I told you I didn't believe that did I believe that for one second no
No some Ojon provocative some far-bisoned voice and via facts which already is a little piece of the paper
In a waste basket where it belongs some asshole from photo-flawing who's a chronic factor that guy that idiot that jackass
Just another guy trying to stir the pot how about trying to smoke it first before you stir it pal and
As far as dick Friedman is concerned
Nice job man nice hairpiece too
That's our pull question who's got the worst hairpiece Bob Eisenberg or Richard Friedman and there's a toughie for you baby
We're gonna do a pull on it four hours tomorrow and by the way if you want Bob Eisenberg's home phone number it's a
Beats would four five seventy nine
I'm never gonna let go of that list okay
I'll take it at right now I got the list and it's yeah I'm gonna pay big dividends I think we're gonna start getting some real copy in here
Where's the list?
Oh I'm speaking of important people I was just thinking about this guy yesterday was watching my stocks fall to the bottom of the bill
It's a great Ted David from CNBC who just came back to the airways from vacation but can't get enough of me
You see what the Nasdaq is doing here in Europe you're sounding all happy and Nasdaq's down 52 man
I'm not even looking at it that's why I would try to maintain a positive attitude on the air which is why I don't watch your network while I'm on the air
I wait till I get home and I get all the press hold on while I turn down my computer
Yeah the Dow is only down 12 and a half and a Nasdaq's down 52 but you know something I basically am out of the Nasdaq so who cares
You know not that I want to sound selfish but
I mean some of these stocks are making me nervous here and I get it
What's the way AOL down to about eighty something eighty eight?
All right great break down there
I say another week is the time to jump head over heels into AOL
You've given that that's the Neil Rogers bio recommendation
Right which is a hell of a lot better even just picking it out of a hat that most of the clowns you put on here
But anyway my CNF transportation bought it at 42
Yesterday was 44 and 1116 so I think I think it's getting close to time to sell
Which one was this man?
CNF transportation can you look that up?
Let me get you a fresh quote here
CNF is currently off quarter at 44 and 716
Sold!
I'm going to drive home so fast you wouldn't believe it
There it is, well I just just call to say hello because I miss you
I sit here all day and
Now where were you on vacation?
Well I went up to Cape Cod for a week and then I was home
I'm not going to make any tasteless comments about did you fly up or drive up?
I was going to say I got out of there before the air traffic got heavy
I didn't think that
And you actually had a flight again
Let me congratulate CNBC for being the one network at least during the daytime hours
That didn't get carried away for three solid weeks with that John John credit
Because they had to put the stock market stuff on it
We do have a mandate
Oh God
And talk about a little of overkill if you pardon that expression
It was bad, it was bad
It was nice to be off
So what do you think is happening?
Every day the air was pointing down, it's pointing down right now
Down 52 and a half on the NASDAQ
What do you have on in the studio?
I just turned it on since you called, I want to see all the bad news now
52 points is major, there are yet to happen in Bauer County worrying about this
That's close, it's about like 200 points on the down
Well I thought I wanted to get nervous but the NASDAQ is going in the toilet
Well, you know, why not?
I mean these stocks have just been overpriced or overpriced
They don't have any of them no earnings
But none of this makes any sense
What doesn't?
That's the point that it's selling off of that they were over the beginning
That we're having this whole sell out
Well that didn't make any sense and either does this
Because Alan Greenspan had like two sentences in his speech
That they didn't like
And then because one of the stats there came out
And would they later modify it and said that it wasn't all that bad anyway
Right away everybody, it looks to me like this market is looking for an excuse to sell
That was the employment cost index you were for
Right, that's right
But the point is and I ask this of every guess I have
So if Greenspan pulls the trigger for another quarter point, so what?
And nobody seems to have an answer
They're looking for reading the stock because it's all blown up way out of the list
Well that's the point I think the reason is these stocks are way overvalued
Whoever bought companies that don't have earnings
Right, like AOL
Well I am actually AOL has some earnings
Amazon, how about Amazon.com?
No, they don't have earnings
Yeah, actually they do
Yeah, I mean Amazon is about three in change right now 90 and 15 and 16
Yeah, they have but I mean some of these companies have no earnings and when you get to see EOL on here
And you try and nail Rogers them
Catch my drift
Right, you know they buck you and you find the empathy
Sure an awful lot of people have poured an awful lot of money into this stock today
I want an answer
And they say we don't think we can sell the EOL
They are stock yesterday so what do we do?
Yeah well no, then they basically say yeah we won't have any earnings on paper for three years out
Right
But they don't want you to know that
It's called a wing of prayer and a hope
Well anyway, so that's why it is what it is
And I just wanted to say hello and can't wait to get down here in December
Now I noticed I'm not going to this is the last time I'm going to mention Joe Kernan you
Because I noticed that the last no seriously the last two times you call I mentioned about the hours he works
Now Joe is there when they come on at seven in the morning when Mark Haynes comes on or seven in the morning
Right
And Joe is already there all dressed up all like showered and clean like he's been there since five at an AM
And then when you guys go off in the evening like seven o'clock or so
He's throwing that off first of all
First of all let me tell you in case your listeners are not aware
The happy news if you know what your current is is that he and his wife are expecting so obviously he's been there
He must have had just a little time in there right
He went home once at least
Right
Or somebody did
He's done it four o'clock
Uh
He's done it four o'clock
Yeah
Now it's for me, I was in today I did 10 to 12 and I'm going to have to do four or five and I have to do six thirty
Oh poor baby
Well you know
And then Mark Haynes what's he on there for about an hour and a half he's got even better hours than I've got he's got bankers hours
No he's on for three hours
Uh-huh
And now you know they're starting to use drops on that show they got their own drops
Yeah
I noticed yesterday when they showed the AOL was down to 90 it went like that it was like that
Yeah
Little emphasis
The bill is in the mail by the way
What happened from your Ted
Take care
See ya
Okay Ted David from CNBC who at least laughing about it the market's taking another big crap and he's laughing about it
He's probably got you know those guys they all got the inside info they're never going to admit it
He always denies it but they're I'm raking it in
Nobody repulses you more
And now Dr. Jeremy Burnham with a dramatic reading of no scrubs by TLC
Dr. Burnham
A scrub is the guy that thinks he's fly also known as a buster
Always talking about what he wants just hit some broke ass
So no I don't want your number
No I don't want to give you mine
And no I don't want to meet you nowhere
No I don't want none of your time
And no I don't want no scrub
A scrub is the guy that can't get no love for me hanging out the passenger side of his best friend's ride trying to hollow at me
No scrub no scrub no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no
No no no no no
Okay 146 is five 60 WQM
And a TLC man he makes me want to
I hate TLC not that I'm watching all this MTV stuff almost as much as limp wrist the dick biscuit
And like I said you can watch that video six thousand times. They don't say ass
What on the lyrics it's picking up your hey
So the acid implied and that's what I'm saying implied
You know they don't come right all the way through it
Okay, there you go even Sally had the code to say that was many years ago. I don't want to hear that crap
It's garbage. Okay. All the other words all the way because they didn't say nookie and nookie and cookie and nookie 50,000 times crap
Chomp on this
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 TLC
You just wanted to get to be number one on the last day that the back street boys and you just hoping it'll knock him out
There on the last day. I got news for a no chance. I know who'd win in a fight. Yeah
I got news for a ad of kick ass on all of them
Puerto Rican did you say kick kick no, that's Nick
Rhymes with lick here's a mobile in North Miami. Hello
Mobile in North Miami
Get nail yes, sir
One time listen up first time call all right
I'm too bad most of your close miss all you
You want they want
Okay, get a go's over there head, but if you had a phone that I could hear bad phone pal
Okay, take it back in a refund. I can't understand the word you're saying call me back. Please on a real phone
That's right most of my material just floats right over everybody said, but I'm enjoying it anyway
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless. I never played prison bitch today. Well, we still got time
I'll slip it in there and the a bit too. Here's a mobile in sunny isle. Hello
Hello, yes, sir. Yeah, Neil. Yes, I am
Good. Hey, listen. I wanted to tell you that I agree with you and there's no white people down here. It might be
Yeah, there's not even one. What do you mean Miami Beach? Well, you tell me what why any part of day
Yeah, except for Kendall you tell me a part of date County where there's more than three white people and I'll go take a
Adventure or the Gables. Yeah, yeah, nothing in the mind game West Kendall all is user out there West Kendall all jammed in there together
Yeah, well, yeah, I'm crazy guy for those Jewish people. Yeah, that's right and everybody out there
Oh, I think it should be sent to
agility and open public for everybody to see okay included in there. Okay, that was your
Master of High and he'll be writing his behind 5 6 7 what do you say 5 6 7 0 5 60 next time Ted David calls in from CMB
Well, I better not say it because any more call again
No, I want to put him on a spot about something but he's he's got the dig home. You can handle it
What a great guy Ted David National celebrity call in the show is he called a morning show?
No, does he call it Kaplan for tips on stupid ball game? No
Ted David, he knows where to get the inside dope and that's why he calls here
We got the good crap and you you O'sh on provocateur first of all that jackass in the Fort Myers early this morning
Trying to get a start a big song of dance
And then we get this guy from total flooring chronic factor and I've always told George by the way off the air
The chronic factors are easily at sick or more sick than the chronic colors sick and trying to start a big song of dance with me
And I can tell me Hank is against casino gambling here. He's an O'sh on provocateur. Yeah, he's a total flooring O'sh on provocateur
He floors me Andy. Oh
That's who that is that's who that is oh
I like the way that reverberates you you hear that wow
We got our own reverb let's hear it
That's who that asshole is the how come I even oh sorry Hank sorry
I was a major major that was bloody asshole even worse than the one that raw
