Sport Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
It's called the Neil called 567 0560 toll free for Dayton Bragg.
Count 560 on your cell phone.
Yeah.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM
Beasley Read Acquisitions or the Beasley Broadcast Group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sport Radio 560 QAM.
It's a Russian guy, a monotony.
Only in the banana republic, baby. Only in Miami.
Come on, everybody.
Don't look here, man.
We's gonna play a game.
We be pipping kids that ride.
It's the best.
And he potted to be the best.
No, what you told me about?
You think a bucket told for it?
A bucket of skills to make it, man.
Got a bucket of skills.
Check out what I've been kicking.
What you told me about?
You have a sound of gold sound.
Gold sound.
Jesus.
Jesus, Jesus, that bucket of gold.
Man, that bucket of steel, that bucket of steel.
Man, that bucket of steel.
Jesus.
Let me do homies.
Over and over and over.
Man, that bucket of steel, that bucket of steel.
Man, that bucket of steel.
What?
Roll man.
Go.
This be Anthony.
So
Uh, before I planned this I thought to say box
is
I'm going to take a sip.
I'm going to take a sip.
I'm going to make a guess today that the familiar is the instrument.
No.
Okay, let me say it again.
Bring it loudly and clearly on the air.
Nobody's doing those shows out of this studio ever again.
Okay, you got the message?
This bluff, Lindsay, I'm going to take it something.
That's enough to make me cry.
Just unbelievable.
I told him after that first debacle two weeks ago,
don't let Rimmer do that stupid idiotic cocky show of his out of my studio again.
They pock it around, they're touching this, they're touching it, they're touching it.
And then of course Rimmer, oh no, we didn't touch it!
Come in here this morning again.
I'm not going to blame him for the fact the air conditioning is out all over the building.
Should we blame him for that?
Okay, it's his fault.
And the fact that our off-the-your-phones are all screwed up.
Should we blame him for that?
And then that my thing, listen.
I feel like that, my 360 over here.
And it's a thing I found that just before we came on a what?
What sound was it supposed to make?
That button.
It was supposed to be Drew going, going, oh, like that.
Just a little drop in there.
I mean we always got Henry.
Oh, we got that.
I mean I don't have no idea how many of these other ones are blank.
We might have to do a test.
I can need the air conditioning.
Yeah, go through.
Are you sure?
Roy!
Okay, maybe it's only a couple.
Pots getting around, diddling around with our stuff in here.
A disaster, an unbelievable disaster.
And I told our program director before he broke out in the tears, started crying like a child.
I said, keep that man out of the studio.
Keep him out.
The answer is, no, no, no.
Keep him out of there.
And so lo and behold, he's doing a show here again last night.
Bye, Rimmer.
Stay the hell out of here, you maniac.
Oh, by the way, speaking of the Ibonics, the reason I played that, I saw an interview with Mike Rear of the Edmonton Brothers over the weekend who finally said, okay, it's a million dollars.
I'm not going to retire.
I'll take the money.
But that's not important.
What is important is that he's black.
He's an African-Canadian.
And he speaks English just like I'm speaking now.
He speaks perfect English just like all the other African-Canadians.
And I thought to myself, God damn it.
This is a hoax that's been perpetrated upon black people in America.
The idea that if you're black, you ask questions and you can't be expected to speak perfect English.
What a bunch of horse crap.
Oh, it's an ethnic thing.
It's bull crap is what it is.
There isn't one black person in this country who can't speak perfect English just like any white person or anybody else.
God damn it.
Man, what a horse.
What a joke.
Speaking of black people, by the way.
Lorraine Andrioni in book, I don't think she's black with a name like that.
But anyway, Lorraine, out of book, writes a letter to the editor in the Sunsendle this weekend that says.
And the headline says, Roger's right about OJ.
I've never been a big fan of Neil Rogers being a devout Howard Stern fan.
But after reading the article where he voices his outrage at OJ Simpson, participating in his favorite charity, I say Bravo.
OO!
We need more people like Neil Rogers standing up to this murderer and voicing their opinion.
What kind of people does Rogers work for when they can still call OJ a celebrity?
I hope they're still able to sleep at night.
No.
Everyone should not be only outraged by this, but should all be supporting the OJs against this disgusting display and poor exercise of judgment since.
Roy!
Foster who is dubbed a former staff staff.
What does it say?
Staff or Roy Foster who is dubbed a former Thicknecker should be ashamed of himself.
He obviously has lost a few brain cells along the way.
How do you like that?
Says Lorraine and Vioni and Boker in the letter to the editor in the Sunsendle this weekend.
Now, because I thought this thing basically maybe was coming back down to worth, now I get a fact this morning, which just came in only moments ago before I realized that my 360 was all screwed up here.
Thanks to people who were in here last night, pock-king around, rumor.
Even though he'll deny it.
But nevertheless, here from the New York Post online edition of their Gossip Section.
This has taken very poorly taken, by the way.
See, I love the way papers around the country what they do is they pick up stuff from the wire services from other newspapers like this is from that Sunsendle piece that Josie Lambeet had in his Gossip column.
Last week.
OJ Simpson has claimed another victim.
This one in Florida Promotion Director Sam Ducebag of Florida's QM radio has been suspended indefinitely for bringing Simpson to the station's recent golf tournament.
The Fort Lauderdale Sunsendle reports OJ's appearance shocked the state's executives at the Lago Mar Country Club, especially part owner Greg Reed, who had to deal with a backlash.
Hundreds of Floridians have demonstrated against Simpson's house hunt there to make matters worse.
Duques said the event raised $25,000 for AIDS, but only $2000 made it to the charity said Reed.
Some of the rest went to OJ related expenses were trying to sort out this mess.
Like I said on Friday, there is the most embarrassing quote in the history of broadcasting by our leader, by our manglers.
And it makes it to the New York Post online, which is all over the world now, all over the world, humiliated, embarrassed, and degraded.
Because of the fact that there is nobody operating the joint here.
Everybody with their little empire, just like this river business.
What kind of crap is that? That somebody comes in here and somebody associated with that event is poaching around with our stuff here.
Unacceptable, Rimmer. Find another place to, you know, to put on a phony baloney show.
And by the way, before I get to phony baloney, the Harold, just another small nitpicking again.
Yesterday's Miami Herald in the sports section, Leaf Stop Senators.
Of course, the final score with the Ottawa Senators for Toronto Maple Leafs 3.
But the headline in the Harold says, Leaf Stop Senators, another mistake.
Every day in big, and the headlines are getting bigger and bigger.
Probably tomorrow's paper will say World War Two breaks out on the front page.
All the World War Two did just about breakout here over the weekend again, while I thank God wasn't here to see it to be embarrassed by it.
Lowest van van is once again, this community is held to ridicule and embarrassment and degradation all across the world.
Because we have a bunch of banana boat people here who just don't understand what freedom is all about.
Who don't understand democracy, who don't understand the discut in the crap.
Cut the crap. And nobody in this town will make them cut the crap.
I say today is the day we deport all the old Cubans and send them back where they came from.
What I say today, all those people were protesting on Saturday over Lowest Van Van, which it mentioned about nothing.
There was like a smattering of people there.
And of course, there was only a smattering because most of the people who did want to go there and see it were too intimidated and want to have rocks and bottles and eggs thrown at them and spit on, etc.
But guess what? They're coming back.
Oh!
Would you like it or not?
Would you like it or not? They're coming back.
One other thing I heard. I only heard parts of the morning show on the way to work this morning, but I didn't hear anybody giving any apologies to Danny Boy.
I will not give it to you.
Yeah, I think Jimmy and all those people that had their heads up, Jimmy's ass last week.
Oh, Danny and apology.
I will not give it to you.
For that unbelievable comeback yesterday.
You see how fickle these people are down here? I didn't hear one caller saying, well, Jimmy, really overreacted.
You sure did to save our ass yesterday, like he's done a million times over the last 17 years.
Did I hear one person say that? No.
On grateful and undeserving, like I said, this town doesn't deserve Dan Moreno.
Ungrateful, unappreciative.
And you too, Jimmy. You know that Jimmy? He's an asshole.
Dale Burd Johnson.
People can give him some cheap clothes that they're that dealers.
Hey, you cow.
Well, you can't tell by the way I used my voice through death and death.
So, that's the point.
The other dissuade he's now was born in a home just right in the nearer of a town.
What you're trying to understand, what you're telling us to really win?
That's the best way I think I'd do that for us first to do the other way.
That's what I believe in a fight is a feat, because I'm a feminine guy.
Stop.
Stop.
All right.
15 to 5.50.
Now, why do you have a question mark next to that lady in adventure?
That couldn't be who I think it probably is. Could it?
Where the hell is it?
Hello, lady in adventure? Hello.
Yes, ma'am. Good morning, sir. Neil, I love your show.
I have to say I'm 33. I do my boy from Craig started me on you and I can't stop listening to you.
All right.
Listen, it's really nice to have an educated person.
Someone who knows, who I'm going to read, and someone who speaks his mind.
Who's that?
Oh, I guess it's you.
You like Jesse Ventura? You know, we need to talk.
You know, something you must be psychic because I have the Playboy magazine, the November issue in my hand right now.
And, you know, the media, because, actually, they want to squash this guy like a big ant because they're terrified of him.
They take a couple of things out of context and they try to make him look like a bozo.
Well, guess what? The entire interview is right on target.
He basically says everything that I've ever said in my life with.
We are one or two differences. It's unbelievable.
I agree. I wish you weren't FM. I wish you were more people with...
They believe AM station with a...
We're just crappy, a crackling popping, puking signal.
And when the AC that doesn't work in everything, there's Greg Reed standing the hallway like,
oh, yeah, look at this. The AC is out.
Yeah. Everything is out. The phone is out.
The AC is out. We don't care if Katie. I got my check.
I know, but you know, I don't have children.
I was listening to your last week about the public school for some disgusting.
And when you go to Canada, I grant granted, they don't have a large black population.
But the black people who are there, they speak perfect English just like we're speaking right now.
What kind of a goddamn conspiracy is this that we've convinced black people that it's okay to be like functionally illiterate?
So that we can keep them at the bottom of the barrel, flopping hamburgers in McDonald's.
Yeah, but they're going to play ball. Come on.
Oh, that's right. I forgot about that.
And then they're going to get discounted dillards telling you the telehasse here for good.
Sir, I love you, show them.
And great days, sweetheart. Thank you.
Bye-bye.
How do you like that? A nice lady to start the week.
Oh!
The fight of the fact that 600 degrees in here, we could fry some eggs on the counter.
It's okay on the addkins.
Jesse Ventura, I'm going to tell you right now, it's a sad, sad thing because he's so on the outside of the establishment that I'm afraid that they would never let him look it in there.
The powers that really run this country, they would never ever get in there because he's a threat to them.
And he's a threat to these phonies in the media too.
And he's a threat to all these religious spakers.
He's a threat to everything that's wrong and corrupted upside down in America today.
Jesse Ventura, God, that's what I say.
I would press that button, but I just want to show you. Don't work.
Oh, seriously, I mean, this is a disaster.
Thanks, Rimmer.
Go eat some goddamn frog meat and Montreal, you jackass, you silly person, you.
Have you ever noticed, by the way, people with silly mustaches, they tend to be like silly people?
What is that all about? Like Ben Turpin?
Do you remember him?
Yeah, that's from 100 years ago.
Charlie Chaplin, old time comedians with like silly mustaches, stop picking them like good friend.
I wasn't talking about him, although now that you mention it, now that you mention it,
they were seriously.
Why is it that people that already look kind of like a little bit silly, they just exaggerate it.
Or people with big noses, they put like a big mustache, they grow under their nose.
So like it has to accentuate it.
I just don't understand what that's all about.
Maybe the operative word is silly, there, I don't know.
Boy, it's hot in here, you know what, it's steaming in here.
Not that we're complaining, of course, because it is payday.
Although it is a bank holiday, that's nice and convenient.
Maybe that's why Greg was wiping his forehead.
I thought it was from the heat, he would just say, boy, I got off the hook on that.
It's a bank holiday, we won't have none of those checks deposited until tomorrow.
Afternoon.
I think I'll go in the morning.
I think I'll go in the morning before 2 o'clock to make sure it gets on tomorrow's business.
Just out of spite.
Here's North Miami, hello.
Yeah, he's just talking about that.
Actually, I got, I was just listening to Howard about 10 to 10.
All Howard was talking about your station.
Greg Reed, the whole article.
Did he?
Wapping stock of the country.
Right, he's here.
He's nice going Howard.
Hey, you guys and ass.
What do you mean you guys?
Well, QAM, I exclude you.
Counting out, I got nothing to do with that.
You can, in the mad dogs.
Yeah.
I hope you listen to this.
And they said about Sam Duque.
He's on, he's on leave Howard goes.
That means he's fired.
We can only pray.
Yeah, I doubt it.
And we still, in fact, I was going to my car last Thursday after work.
And guess who I saw in the parking lot.
Roll.
And the first thing in my mind was Jesus, you're still here?
Roll, roll.
Yeah.
He's still here.
How do you like that?
Okay, thanks for that.
That'll be an expert at a losing job at your place.
You're right.
Have a great thing.
Thanks for the reports.
We've been Howard because it was in the New York Post.
We've made it all over the world.
Nice going, Greg.
Nice quote to, by the way.
Some of the extra money went to OJ related expenses.
Oh, where do we find that little hole?
Get the, get the gerbil at Kevin's space.
He left here the other day.
Get that out of there.
And let's call in a little hole now and hide.
Big thing about him and the paper, too, today, by his whole confidants.
And evidently, somebody pushed our close personal friend,
Schmogriffin, during that altercation in there.
She need to happy about it.
You don't want to be pushing a big, young, black, anti-omometer like her.
She'll push right back on your big white ass.
Show me a seat.
That's right.
She will F you up, baby.
Big time.
And, by the way, Kid Curry is gone.
Oh!
Come on, Backstreet Voice ticket.
It only took like 10 years off my life getting them.
Thank you, God, Kid Curry.
I told him I'd pray for him.
And if anybody needs it, especially after having been married
to that fat ass Anna, squeak.
What?
What are you laughing about?
It's the truth.
Speaking of fat ass Cubans, by the way,
what are we going to do about this low-sband, band-crap?
You know what?
The worst part of this whole article.
And, of course, there's 400 articles about it.
The show of police force, angered demonstrators and their supporters.
And here's one of the biggest assholes in the history of this town,
Tomas Regolato.
He's an asshole.
Look at what the national media is going to see.
The city commissioner Tomas Regolato, aka Big Jackass.
Miami and all these police officers, who's another black guy from Miami.
Well, guess what, Tomas?
The reason it's a black guy from Miami again for the 10 millionth time is because you
know who and the people of your ilk refuse to get it.
You just refuse to get it.
When somebody comes to perform here, we don't care what their goddamn politics are,
or what country they came from.
That's the way the America works today.
But not in the cuba, but the old Cubans down here.
Oh, come on, Eastika.
And what a nice display to have lovely behavior.
Spitting at the people, throwing rocks in the exit bottle,
so that they had to bring the goddamn riot police in there.
That's what all of the world is focused on.
That's how we make it in the headlines again, because you people won't stop with your
aberrant, unacceptable goddamn totalitarian mentality.
This is a goddamn rock group.
That's all they're singing.
They're not saying it's not goddamn Joan Baez even.
These are people that sing music.
They even have some anti-castural lyrics in some of their songs.
In addition to which their sparshes for Christ's sakes.
What the hell is wrong with you people?
So they, like I've told you a million times, they'd county forget it.
It's history.
It's written off.
It's being run by a bunch of crazy people.
You got me, a pink guy, you got Thomas Brickley.
You got all these people who've been here a hundred years,
and they still refuse to get with the goddamn program.
Maybe they can all look with Rudy Giuliani, huh?
Get on the same goddamn but animal, and you'll look with him.
And find a place where they like totalitarian dictators.
Sound and fury at Cuba's band concert.
But guess what?
Let me say it again.
They'll be back.
They'll be back in December, they're saying.
That's right.
Here's one of the 85 articles I got about it.
They were more protestors there than there were people who came to the concert.
And like I said, the reason for that being that the people who wanted to go see the goddamn concert.
Who got only knows how many thousands of them were scared away,
and rightfully so, because they didn't want to be subjected to this barbaric goddamn crazy treatment.
The promoter said 2800 paid the seed of the band.
They had about 4,000 people in there with freebies and everything.
And they estimated there was more than 4,000 crazy protestors outside,
spitting and throwing and swearing and carrying on like a bunch of lunatic.
Boy, boy.
Something new, huh? Something new?
No.
Same old crap.
Same old tired crap that this town has been held hostage and castage by for the last 6000 years now.
God damn, Casero, I got news for if anybody hates caseroids the rest of us, not those old Cubans.
It's all the rest of us.
We can thank him for foisting this nightmare on this town.
Thanks a lot, Fidel.
So what I tell you about people with strange bearded moustaches.
You bearded piece of turd, you asshole, you turd.
Nice going mad dog.
By the way, I gotta say this, Bill Zimfer, because we were coming back from the airport yesterday.
So the last two minutes on TV.
Nice going there, Danny Boy.
But Bill Zimfer called a great game this day.
At one point he didn't forget to tell us where Indianapolis had to ball when he had to.
Before they took the safety.
But he, uh, great game.
It's about time.
And we called a great game.
Maybe it was all that crowd noise we couldn't hear him.
But it was a civilating.
What a day.
Here's a mobile in Miami Beach.
Hello.
Yeah, hi Neil.
Yes, sir.
Um, I don't know much about the band and the politics and all.
But there was one lady on TV that said it's, this band is the same as the KKK coming to a black neighborhood.
Oh, you're right.
Right.
I mean, I don't know.
So if that's true, I support the Cuban.
That's a little bit of a thing.
If that's true.
Well, again, I don't know what they say.
Well, go and find out.
Okay.
Go listen to their music and find out.
Don't be caught up opening up a mouth.
If that's true, I support the Cuban.
And if it's not true, why don't I don't know.
Let's translate what he just said.
Yeah.
Yeah, there you go.
You cut it nice and short.
Okay.
It's too hot in here today to be listening to bozos like you talking crap.
I don't know this.
What are you opening up a mouth for?
Go learn something you dumb American.
You silly person.
You.
Another goddamn dumb frickin American there for you.
I don't know.
But if that's true, yeah.
There's little green men running around on their.
Correct.
How do you like that?
That probably makes them commonists or Martians or something like that or Venusians.
I don't know if it's true.
Yeah.
God are you dumb, sir?
And that's a compliment.
That's an understatement.
If you sprouted a half a brain, it would commit suicide from loneliness.
Here's a mobile in Abentura.
Hello.
Mobile in Abentura.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
No, I had chronic.
It's chronic.
They're playing with each other over there in Abentura.
All those old Cubans again.
We're not interested in you guys, okay?
Go find somebody else to play with.
Go get out some goddamn ticker toys.
Go get some blocks.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Okay.
Hey, Neil.
Calm down, buddy.
Even though there's no freedom of speech in South Florida with these Cubans,
at least we have the early on a Roslyn and Jose D. as the large,
defending the Constitution and one way they, the other night,
saying about these riots and about these concerts.
Why do they not come and speak up and defend the Constitution and say that we have freedom of speech?
Why does the guy, DeMini, hear what he's saying?
Why does anybody just sound like the ball to tell us that?
They look polite and I don't even have to say their names.
They're always hiding the woodwork when something like this happens.
Yeah.
I mean, they're not saying they're not saying they're...
They're picking up people, picking up people,
washing it off the shore, making sure they get here.
You know, music has nothing to do with politics when these people come and play.
But there's no freedom of speech in South Florida.
I was born and raised in Miami and I am sorry to say that there's no freedom of speech down.
Well, I'm going to go home and pray for us as soon as two o'clock rolls around.
Thank you, sir.
God bless you.
56670560.560 on the AT&T line.
Like I said, everybody here, we're used to it.
It's getting really monotonous.
It's terminal. It's ponderous.
It's embarrassing. It's humiliating.
That's our pull question, by the way, which is more humiliating.
The thing with OJ at our golf tournament or the Los Van Van episode in town over the weekend.
Pretty close, I would say.
In fact, Carrie Wood, the pitcher for the cup,
they found that he's got a little dime size hole in his heart.
Well, we're going to be having him onto the big, Greg Reed at noon,
which is worse a hole in your heart or a hole in your head.
Will you fudge back it?
This ball on CBS meets a small town priest who speaks the word of God
and adds a few choice words of his own.
It's Father Torette's mysteries.
We're nearly beloved.
We're a jobber here today to join together.
This is a fucking dumb suck.
I'm going to fuck a fucking motherfucker in holy matrimon.
Father Torette's mystery.
A new kind of family drama from the producers of Chicago Holt List
and NYPD Blue Ball.
Oh, boy.
Oh, you fucking slut.
Oh, you little poor bad monger.
You fucking bastard here.
Sunday, this ball.
Spend an hour with Father Torette.
Right after an all-new season of,
touchdown there by an angel only on CBS.
Touchdown there by 3, 1032 at 560 WQM.
So anyway, Friday in the USA today,
here is their debate on the editorial page
about public financing and sports statements.
Now, this jackass judge, this county judge from Houston,
has got the opposing view because Houston, of course,
got their stadium passed and got their day NFL team back.
But nevertheless, the USA Today view,
the editorial says,
LA wisely said,
No.
To forking over public funds, two few do.
And of course, there was this pool in the Sun Sentinel yesterday.
Tax for stadium has few fans.
How do you like that?
Anybody see this thing?
Few fans.
I must be crazy.
I must be nuts.
What an understatement that is.
If a stadium were built and broiled when you vote for or against
the $300 million bond issues supported by county property tax dollars,
to help pay for this new baseball stadium,
81% say they would vote.
No.
13 yes and 6% just don't.
No.
To help pay for a new baseball stadium in broiled,
would you vote for or against the proposal that would raise the tax on hotel rooms
and rental cars in broiled county?
32% said yes and 62% said no.
No.
And 6% said they don't.
No.
How do you like that?
Overwhelmingly, they're saying no.
I must be crazy.
I must be nuts.
You must be, Mr.
You must be playing tidally winks with yourself.
When a plan was floated last May to use tens of millions in public funds to help
and back at NFL team for Los Angeles,
LA County Supervisors Jeb Yoroslowski objected with two and a half million
uninsured children and adults in this county,
with 75 children in foster care,
with sidewalks that can't be repaired by the city,
give me a break, you said, and the city did.
It rejected the blindishments of millionaires to spend $300 million building a publicly
finance sports palace,
and that's a key reason NFL owners on Wednesday bypassed LA
with the second largest TV market in the nation and instead granted new franchise to Houston.
Well, when it comes to standing up against such pricey pressure,
Los Angeles is traveling a lonely road.
Just three years ago, Houston lost the Oralist today's school by refusing to
rush up hundreds of millions for a new stadium and an expensive change of heart
to city will now cough up $195 million in public financing for a $310 million
facility plus millions more for land and road improvements.
In doing so, Houston follows the same path Cleveland did after it lost the
Browns.
It's in the same league as Boston,
which finally rolled over for tens of millions to keep the patriots
from moving to Hartford, Connecticut.
Similar era dramas have been played out in Pittsburgh and Philadelphia and Detroit
and almost every other community with a sports team.
Sports leagues profit mightily such arrangements help justify
charging new owners,
a gigargantuan franchise cost,
$700 million in the case of Houston,
$530 million for the Browns team,
for the privilege of owning an NFL team.
But communities, taxpayers and fans get stuck with bigger fees,
ticket prices at new stadiums generally run 30 to 40% higher than an old venues,
and independent economic studies show the teams had almost nothing to employment
or the economy of a region.
Oh, read that sentence again, Neil.
Okay, and independent economic studies show that teams had almost nothing to employment
or the economy of a region they just shift spending from other types of entertainment.
Not surprisingly cities that find luxury stadium construction that funded often lack funding
for other civic improvements and to whom they go to fill those needs, Uncle Sam.
The federal government could end this expensive cycle by restricting aid to cities
that spend beyond their means on stadiums if it did the sports moral
ability to play one city against another,
rating public treasuries and alienating fans would slow dramatically as with the movement of teams.
But until Congress gets into the act and it shows no inclination to do so,
taxpayers nationwide will be forced to help fund communities that sacrifice citizens needs to owner's demands.
Give us a break, says the goddamn USA today.
I must be good.
I don't like that.
That's what they said.
Give us a freaking break and cut the crap.
And then I see these poor results in the Sun Sentinel yesterday,
and I thought,
oh right, these people aren't as stupid as some millionaires stick they are.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Mobile in Miami.
Long gone, okay.
Here's another mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
I think you're great.
Yes I am.
I think you and Jeff's body should run for president by the way.
Okay, great, thanks.
Here's the Delray Beach.
Hello.
If you ever wondered why you don't get,
not only any calls from Fort Myers,
I'm calling from Delray,
and I have to dial the five, six, whatever the area code is.
You're proud?
Right.
I'm thinking, oh boy, that's not too cheap.
They're Greg.
Anyways, I'm going out of town tomorrow and boy,
am I going to miss South Florida?
Yeah.
Yeah, just like I did this weekend.
Oh, exactly.
All the way.
I was planning for it.
Yeah, I'm not calling to ask for advice.
I'm going to fill Delphi a by-way.
So, you know, I know you don't go there or whatever.
I mean, don't blame me.
I'm sorry, but you know...
Okay, thanks.
We'll have a good time.
Woo!
You're going to miss him, are we?
No!
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap.
I think Rimmer put that call up, probably from the bus.
Okay, I have my nose up Neils-A.
Well, congratulations.
Get alive!
I'm a hardy.
You looking good.
Looking good!
I'm a hardy.
I'm a hardy.
Finally got a mortgage for our pad.
I got 25% interest in math.
Let me find you.
Well, it's a major score.
Thank you, Mommy Star.
In just a couple of months we're moving in.
I need naked women filling our pool with gems.
Since then, baby, I'm a chopper quad.
I'm living in the Westchester County.
I'm a chopper quad.
Just come on a lift, come to Z.
All my penthouse, my gazines are packed.
My boy, wrap my water, bond that's packed.
Well, B.C. budget dive.
I'm headed north of 95.
I keep smiling and I know why.
Well, why?
Can't wait to ride the coaster and ride.
Yeah, ride, baby.
I love chopper quad.
I'm living in the Westchester County.
I love chopper quad.
Just come over the tap and say.
143 at 560 WQM.
We got Hank and Chula State to a clock.
Hank with net more at the 5 of the staff.
I still don't hear anybody saying, oh gee, we're sorry.
Are we O'Danny and Apology?
Anybody hear that?
No.
Or that Jimmy's full of crap.
Anybody hear anybody say that?
No.
We got the Boog Shombie going to be on one of the baseballs
over here at any rate.
6 to 845 Monday night football Jacksonville at the Jets tonight.
So that's the agenda for the rest of the day.
Here's Pompano.
Hello.
One a meal.
Yes, sir.
Well, you seem to know which weekends to leave.
I mean, not only were the crazy Cubans at it in Miami again, but now.
Friday afternoon, Friday, early evening.
Yes.
We had people pulling over to the side of I-95 and jammed up traffic
by the airport so they can catch a glimpse of the Concord landing.
Oh, no.
And as it turns out, the Concord was late.
Yeah.
They were sitting there for nothing.
And I guess it arrived.
They were pulling off the road out of the shoulders so they could see.
I mean, when the Concord used to fly in and out of here all the time,
and I used to work way down in South Dade many, many moons ago,
I used to see it come in all the time and I'd be driving on the road.
And I didn't pull off the road.
And I didn't have it was interesting to see.
And it's a beautiful plane, but crazy people.
Yeah, they apparently, I don't know if you've been following the story,
they're taking a group of people out and around the world.
Right.
And seven hours late, but the people didn't know it.
So they would just pull the other side of the road jamming up traffic for nothing.
Excellent.
Yeah, people are driving down from Del Rey to see it and I'm going to play.
They were driving down from Del Rey to see the Concord.
Only in the Banana Republic, baby.
Only in Miami.
I don't know if you had a chance to look yesterday's paper.
We're ready.
White's open up him off again, saying that the fact that they decided to retire his jersey
out of something like game rather than a Monday night game was racially motivated.
No, you have to be kidding.
I saw some of that ceremony yesterday.
I turned it off.
I wanted a barf.
I wanted a puke.
And it was Green Bay fan.
There wasn't anybody with one sign with no protest, no nothing.
Hey, birthday, Annabelle.
You're right.
You know, just unbelievable.
Yeah, it was an article on the paper yesterday and I'm...
Minister of hate.
I'll shoot it over to you.
I'll lie of facts.
But as soon as I saw the ceremony coming out, I flipped over to the baseball game,
which is more of a football score than the Green Bay fan.
Right.
My son is 23 to 7.
And I don't know if you caught Michael Mayo's article today, but again, a pretty decent one comment that he made.
I know he's not a little bit.
He's maybe getting off probation into good graces.
But as far as the Peter Warwick situation went, he just...
He's being charged with a felony, whereas Columbus Bush just had it right to check to get out of her...
Her comparable offense and just walked away scott.
He's over the right people in telehassy.
That's his problem.
Amen.
I'm sorry.
Okay, thank you so much.
God bless you.
We'll all pray for you and read you to...
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's sunrise.
Hello.
Neil Mann.
What's up?
Yes, sir.
Okay, that was it.
Oh, boy, we got some good ones today.
No.
Wow.
That was his material.
What's up?
600 open lines here this morning.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Last time I saw you, you weren't a nigger.
Yeah.
Anyways, talking about religion.
I was flipping around sports just they also.
And the Dallas game when the perfect got hurt.
Yeah.
Did you hear or see anything about the Dion Sanders?
Wow.
What an A-hole, man.
First of all, they have the whole team around Irvin.
Yeah.
They're all praying, right?
I mean, if there was a God, why did he get hurt in the first place?
Right.
In section of all, then...
If there was a God, why would he dress like that anyway?
Anyways, then they all get up and then Dion must have did a dozen circles around
with his arms up and down and up and down.
It's like, Dion just...
You know what, you got a pick off?
Maybe he was trying to imitate the Concord.
You should have seen it over.
I'm glad I didn't see it.
I'm delighted I didn't see it.
And you're saying, and then closing the 13 people that said just to the stadium,
they're probably going to be living by the stadium so the people could park in their...
Okay, have a great day.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line, mobile and four-loader day.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I need somebody to say it.
Okay.
Man, phone.
Call me back on a phone that works.
Wow, this is a tremendous start here today, huh?
This is unbelievable.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Anybody got a phone that works and actually has something to say and has got an IQ larger than a BB,
we'd sure I'll be interested in hearing from you, but I have my doubts.
Unbelievable.
And like I said, last Monday at the same time, there was a Tuesday because it was a Tuesday.
Monday night game.
They're wailing, they're carrying on.
They're a nation of teeth.
They're having an nervous breakdown.
And out of the day, this pound, these people don't even have enough class to say, we were wrong.
We owe an apology to Danny Boy.
Jimmy Johnson's a hard ass and looking for scapegoats all the time and refuses to look at the mirror and pick any...
None of that on this radio station.
Oh, look what we did.
Look what we did.
Yes.
Fony, fony, fony, man, Erzatz, that's the name.
That's why the station fits in this town like a rubber glove.
Erzatz, make believe.
Greg Reed, the George Pimpton of radio management.
Here's a mobile and Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Mobile and Fort Lauderdale, yes sir.
Hey, Neil.
Hey, I'm back.
God, it's easy to get in touch with you today.
I can't believe it.
No problem.
No waiting.
Hey, good morning.
Neil, all the bill for itself are for the AT&T.
He's 0 and 4.
I just want to know how come I don't hear from these guys anymore.
I mean, he's 0 and 4.
He's 0 and 4?
No, he's not.
What is he?
Didn't they beat Denver last week?
I'm sorry.
Okay, thank you.
This isn't even a sports show that I got the more information than these are experts we got out there.
Like I said,
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
This isn't the sports show, sir.
The Dan Marino thing really isn't just a sports thing.
It's a community thing.
It's about people lacking in class, understanding, appreciation, honesty, integrity, any kind of character whatsoever.
He used to hold his own in the hill.
He's in mobile.
In fact, even the mad dog yesterday, I hate to chastise my good close friend, Jim Manage.
But we're coming back from the airport listening to the broadcast and at that time it looked pretty, pretty grim.
Every time they would close the gap and theapolis would squirt about 4 seconds again and pull away.
And Manage is saying, well, I know where to come after, you know, the in mobile quarterback of the dolphin.
I thought, you know, that sounds like a shot to me.
Sounds like a little bit of a shot there, you know.
Didn't hear him say that again though later on in the game.
Here's a mobile in sunrise. Hello.
Yeah, Neil, I just wanted to ask someone, one of the best settles with this Marino,
Lonnie and the dolphins in the open.
Here?
What is it?
Are we going to have much of a season after all of this instead of done?
Who's we?
I'm in the dolphins.
I mean, with all of this tension and all the crap that goes on between Marino and Johnson and the Dolphins.
Things we don't know behind the scenes.
Is there any chance that this can actually turn into a positive season?
And what difference does that make to you, sir, with your enthusiasm?
What difference does it make?
Is there going to change your life?
I've been in this town for 35 years now.
Yeah, and?
And I've been a Dolphin fan of Long Long Long time.
Yeah, so why do you sound so negative?
They just pulled out a game that it didn't look like there was any chance that we're going to win.
Why are you also goddamn negative?
Anyplace else they'd be kissing the ground.
Nice going, Danny Boy, you know, unbelievable comeback.
How many goddamn times did they come back from being down nine points just in the last 10 minutes?
It was unbelievable.
Ah, is there any chance you're so freaking negative, man?
No wonder I just hate.
I just spied getting off that plane.
Because it's just like the heat that's in this room now.
That's what I feel.
I feel like I'm wilting.
Not just from the heat and the humidity, but from people like this guy, with his chronic hysterical neurotic negativity.
Why is there any hope?
Why do you know?
You hope for the best.
That's all you can do, pal.
It's a game.
You hope for the best.
Been here for 35 years, goddammit.
Well, you know something learned to put up with it.
Maybe they'll win.
Maybe they'll lose.
Life will go on.
Hopefully you'll find one.
Okay, we'll get a search party for your pal.
This is fantastic today.
This reinforces, if it just like to just venture our own interview and playboy,
which I will read in its entirety, by the way.
It's the best guy in the interview in history.
New people in the media try to take things out of context and try to discredit this man.
Just like he says, the media is dangerous.
Dangerous.
That's what he says.
And he's right.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
Just to see if you noticed, if you've seen that demonstration against the ban ban yesterday,
the city of Miami police really reflected how they really worked.
They were holding upside down their police shields.
And the police sign was upside down like plenty of them had it upside down.
Yeah.
It's incredible.
They can't even hold the ban ban ban.
What does that have to do with a bunch of assholes running out there spitting it people
and throwing box and rottles in the waste and taxpayer money?
What does that have to do with the police?
No, definitely.
But you know what?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But my ass, okay.
But this.
Not the police because you have to waste their time and effort and our taxpayer dollars
to have the goddamn riot police come up because we got a ban performing in town that a bunch of crazy old Cubans
and radio stations and politicians don't like to quote Mayor Carrillo.
Oh, this is Castro's house banned.
His house banned.
You're a crazy person, Mayor Carrillo.
You need serious help.
You need to be put in a goddamn rubber room.
No wonder Xavier Suarez went nuts.
I think it goes with the territory.
Just put him in a rubber room.
Put Bertrand Andes in there too, along with his wife and his ex-loyer.
And ex-wife or whatever.
Just ex.
Just stick a hidden microphone in that room.
I did it, did it, did it, did it, did it.
This can't be helped.
Dave, the cop, this guy is so freaking chronic.
Why did you go out and save somebody?
Uh, cause I'm off today.
He listened to you.
Let him smoke that car.
They don't know what the hell he's talking about.
These shields are made for right hand.
The people you stick your right hand into it.
If you show it the other hand, Andrew...
Why would you dignify him by re-finding him?
He's a jerk, he's a jackass.
He's trying to put a smoke screen up to cover up the embarrassment for his goddamn people.
That's what he's trying to do.
I'm not kidding, cause he's like the rest of the assholes out there.
And it doesn't matter to do this, trying to piss on the goddamn constitution in this country.
Right.
Thanks, Neil.
Okay, thanks.
And go pardon him.
Okay.
Go pardon him.
I have a cardinal still playing.
No.
Now, but Mark McGuire is going to hit a few more anyway.
A few more BDs.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
God, it's so hot in here, man.
It's just perfect.
It fits in with the ambiance of the...
Happy Columbus Day, by the way, everybody.
Oh!
I don't understand this holiday.
The banks are closed.
What else is closed today?
The banks are only closed to protect this company.
And that's also...
We can't cash our tricks today.
Schools open today.
Government offices open today.
But the goddamn banks are closed.
Stock markets run in today.
Kind of a guy named Hal, what kind of respect is this for a nice Jewish boy named Christopher Columbus?
Without whose efforts we might just not be here.
Here's a mobile and store.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil, your next appearance, are you going to have the...
The Bence of Neil of previous show?
Yes.
We all know that this CD that we came out today is my understanding that it's not that clear.
And we'll be doing it.
And what are we doing?
Yes, it'll be ready by the time we'll meet from tomorrow.
It should be ready.
What about the best off from other shows?
That's what I just said.
Yes.
Oh, okay.
Great.
What's your next appearance, sir?
Next Tuesday at the pizza loft, 6th, 8pm.
We come back tomorrow night.
Next Tuesday, great.
Thank you.
Have a great day, sir.
Back to you.
Okay, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8.
Nobody in the audience got anything to say today.
Just non-stop.
Moooo.
Like that.
Boy.
Here's a mobile and poker.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Yes.
I'm not a dolphin fan.
I'm a diehard bear fan.
Yes.
But I'm glad day one yesterday, so we don't have to listen to Jimmy complain.
Blame somebody.
Don't you think that, I mean, you know, you can be a little bit objective just like me.
I like the Patriots who suck by the way and probably get killed by the dolphins.
But you can be a little bit objective when you're not a fan of this team.
And you see the behavior.
Don't you think that somebody owes a retraction or an apology?
Or at least some kind of credit this week?
Well, all these people that were, you know, ready to put Dan Marino in the old folks home?
Yes.
I don't believe Dan's the future of the dolphins.
So that wasn't the question.
He was the future yesterday.
And we'll only through his experience and his coolness under pressure that they were able to come back and win a very important game.
And nobody in the audience, including this guy, wants to say it.
I don't even care that much about it.
And yet to me, it's so typical of the lack of gratitude and the lack of class.
The question isn't, is he the future?
He's 38 freaking years old.
Of course, he's not the future, sir.
Jesus Christ, give somebody a little credit for something in his goddamn pound.
Can you do it?
No.
Oh, I'm sorry.
God, just say something nice.
Just want to see what it's like.
Come on.
No.
That's sure.
No, it's not.
Pete, I think I'm old orange shirt.
That's what Donnie B always says when I was, oh, same old crappy orange shirt.
I got one orange shirt that I wear about one to two weeks.
And that's his comment, Mr. Sarp, was Donnie B is in boring.
Absolutely.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is Rambo 4 and 5.
How are you?
John Rambo's still alive.
I want to make movies 4 and 5.
My life is going great.
Plenty of Hollywood's broke.
Unfortunately, I speak like I had a stroke.
First blood came in 82.
That's when I heard my penis and it never ever grew.
Rambo 2 was in 85 late.
Rambo 3 was in 88.
Shoo it.
Shoo it.
And to it.
My God, I just love making this movie with my son.
He made me say, she was in Rocky 5 and day like the tunnel movie.
A little bit of cash is what I mean.
I gotta get along from the Apollo Creed.
I gotta have another movie or a Broadway show like Donnie B.
I guess nobody ever saw a cop with him.
It was too good.
I guess I understand.
My whole life is about 2K to him.
All I got left is Jennifer Flayvin.
Ladies and gentlemen, I need to make Rambo 4 and 5.
Check it out.
So call me up.
I really need a script I can do.
Die a long walk.
Keep it in Zid.
Delay comedy.
Action.
Adventure.
And drama.
The only thing I will not do is have sex with a llama.
So give me a break for goodness sake.
I used to be on Oprah.
Now I can't get a Ricky Lake.
Right now I got a one man showing Pokedipsy.
Basically I'm an unemployed gypsy.
I'll submit a cash is what I need.
I gotta get along from Apollo Creed.
I gotta have another movie or a Broadway show like Donnie B.
I guess nobody ever saw a cop land.
It was stupid.
So I understand.
My whole life is about to cave in.
All I got left is Jennifer Flayvin.
That's why I'm ready to get over.
I need to make Rambo 4 and 5.
And Apollo.
Absolutely.
It's a Lebanon 2 with 560 WQM.
By the way, this week bad news.
This week somewhere in the world,
these six billionth human beings will be born.
Oi!
Big article in US News and World Report this week October 11 issue.
Global population, 6 billion and counting.
Little Morgan Luta arrives unwanted.
And here's a picture of a schwarzer family in Africa
in Nairobi, Kenya, no less.
It says Morgan Luta's parents want advice on birth control
but they'll probably have a few more kids
because they don't have any advice on birth control.
Here is a hell of a walking ad for anal sex
like a lot of you people are always screaming about.
Little Morgan Luta came into the world two months ago
delivered on the dirt floor of a tin shack
and a Scabris Nairobi, Kenya slum.
That's a love that word Scabris.
Ooh.
The fourth child of Rose 28 and Benson 32 arrived bawling
that's with the WN Healthy.
Maybe if they wouldn't have been bawling so much
there wouldn't have been so many babies in the house.
But with little likelihood of receiving medical care and nourishing food
the infant has a one and ten chance of dying
before his fifth birthday.
The Luta's no little about birth control
making more unwanted pregnancies virtually inevitable
a prospect a couple of dreads says Rose
as she breastreads her son.
This one was a mistake.
Let me say it again.
This one was a mistake.
The birth of another infant to another impoverished family
in another African shanty is unremarkable
but for a singular coincidence.
The world's population recently hit six billion.
Oh, we're already there.
I didn't realize that.
And who's to say that little Morgan Luta isn't the one?
The UN population fund is designated.
Oh, I see.
That's the reason they've designated October 12 as the day
of six billion to commemorate.
But not celebrate a milestone reached
with astonishing speed.
Demographer say it took until 1804 to arrive at one billion people.
Another 123 years, 1927 to double.
The global community grew to three billion in 1960
and that number has doubled in just four decades.
Ooooooooh!
Ooooooooh!
Oh, no, no, no.
With overpopulation and developing nations
inextricably linked to poverty,
the UN population fund is using Y6B
to be focused world attention on the role of family planning
in helping bringing down birth rates in third world countries
where a billion people still struggle
without clean water, adequate food, decent housing,
basic education, full employment and health care.
India is growing like crazy.
I think I won't point 27 million.
They're getting ready to pass the Chinese.
These subs to her in Africa,
it's got a population of 770 million.
The birth rates are increasing by 3.8% each year there.
Now we don't want birth control.
We don't want plant parity.
We don't want education.
And the pope is smiling from ear to rectum, rear.
Just keep making those babies,
especially cat-like babies.
But if not, we'll come and convert them anyway.
6 billion people, baby.
6 billion freaking people.
And we can't figure out what's wrong.
Something's going on here that's not too good.
We can't figure that out.
But God will take care of it.
Here's the lady in Volka. Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Happy Monday to you.
And happy Columbus Day.
Oh, thank you.
I'm calling this might be old news,
but I haven't heard anybody mention it.
I caught Jesse the body last week on hardball on MSNBC.
Uh-huh.
If I think it's Chris Matthews.
Right.
Anyway, I don't, I didn't read the Playboy article,
and I don't know if he spoke about it in here,
or but it came out from that interview
that Mr. Ventura fully supports the Second Amendment
to the Constitution.
His position being that,
why should I,
a law-abiding citizen of a
sound mind, be penalized
for somebody else's criminal behavior?
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, it's in the interview.
I disagree with him about that.
But it's in there.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, yeah.
And then Matthews just kind of let it go.
He said, well, you know,
what about these militias that's in Montana,
or wherever,
and he goes, well, you know,
as long as they don't harm anybody,
your words exactly.
I don't care what they do with their spare time.
So, anyway, I guess he seems like a reasonable guy.
He is a military man,
so his views on guns
and that type of thing,
I think, are a little different than yours.
Mm-hmm.
But anyway, I found him interesting.
He's got my vote.
I'll tell you that right now.
I'm writing them in.
Yeah.
Yeah, he's a sensible guy.
Okay, thank you.
And by the way,
I made a total jackass,
which isn't hard to do,
out of George Will on ABC this week,
yesterday morning.
Made a total jackass,
out of the humorless right wing,
obnoxious stuffy piece of turd,
George Will,
who wanted to make a big issue,
a big morality issue,
out of this, the quote,
which is right at the end of the interview, by the way,
as a joke.
If there's such a thing as reincarnation,
reincarnation wants to come back as a size 38 W. D. Bra,
and George Will is to end it in Jesse Ventura,
I looked at him with a look that would kill.
Could have picked him up by the neck with two fingers.
And said,
boy, have we totally lost our sense of humor now, George?
Are we really that humorless?
And George Will,
you could see him just kind of like slipping back down into the chair,
looking for a place to hide.
And then George Will challenges him on his attitude
about the Warren Commission,
what a hoax that isn't about the Kennedy assassination.
And Jesse Ventura said,
well, if it was just this one lone nut,
Lee Harvey Oswald,
then why was all of this material withheld and sealed
until the year 2029?
And George Will looks at him with that cheapest little look.
It says, got me.
Got me.
Made a total jackass,
destroyed him without even getting up out of the goddamn chair yesterday.
Nice going, Jesse.
That little piece of crap, George Will.
Eight minutes after, well, I'm tone, it's just smoldering.
See, I forgot when we used the fan earlier.
The AC was working at least,
but it just wasn't working.
But now it's like a totally up.
Not that we're complaining you understand.
No.
Jim Mandage talks sports weekend right here on sports radio 560.
Are you serious?
Are you kidding me?
Are you serious?
So we got the air conditioner is out.
We got the in-house phone is out in here.
We got the DCS, which is screwed up.
I don't want to mention your members name yet.
And now I come to fight because I've been sitting here watching this phone this morning,
and I'm thinking to myself,
line 4 and 7 are screwed up.
Again, just like where we left off last week.
I have to make a call.
Please say not to try.
Oh no, 7 works.
7, well, I'm not.
No, it does not.
Like I said, it sounds like it works, but it doesn't.
Sorry.
False alarm.
Oh my god.
Is there anything that works beside the paid help in this, you know?
No.
And even some of them aren't doing much.
Well, don't feel bad.
None of the in-house phones anywhere on this floor work, apparently.
Except, oh, well, in that office.
Except in Chris Reads office.
Chris Reads in Miguel's office, right?
What are you laughing about?
That's how everybody is referring it.
You don't think I'm coming back to you.
Here's a Belvedere Illinois.
Hello.
Hello.
I just like to say, why the heck is the media just in Marino, you know,
when he's been great for so many years?
That's ridiculous.
They wrote him off.
He had two bad games.
I mean, he's the greatest quarterback ever.
I wonder so much the media that was this and it was his coach.
Oh, that's him too.
And it's possible for anything Johnson.
Yeah, I agree.
I think, Marie, or Jimmy Johnson, old Marino, some type of a politician.
Right.
That's right.
That is ridiculous.
If he had any class at all, I mean, don't have to apologize.
But he could come out and say, you know, Danny really showed that he hasn't lost it.
And without him, we never would have been in the game and et cetera.
But seeing doing that, it would point to all of his own deficiencies again,
of not having to run a game and not doing the things that he's always promised
that he was going to do here in four years hasn't done.
He just doesn't have the class to do it.
He's a classless, hard-ass piece of turd, Jimmy, Jailberg Johnson.
Yeah.
And you don't take your team from behind 35 times in the fourth quarter to be, you know,
what he was saying he was.
Exactly.
Well, God bless you.
It's your even though you're calling from Illinois.
Thank God we've got somebody somewhere in America who's got the class to say,
thank you, Danny Boy.
You're not so bad after all.
Oh, so we got it.
So this phone is screwed up too.
So I'm sitting here like, we're like somebody brings some paper,
machine, Scott's tape.
This is unbelievable.
This is the all-time worst.
Just when you think you're taking a little bit of it and by the way,
I don't want to ask, start trouble here.
But this AC problem, I don't want to say that are contracted,
that we have a little problem here.
You know, maybe we should have called our good friends here around the clock for just 1995
and had him come and do that checkup.
Because we certainly seem to have some unbelievably extraordinary problems
with everything this construction project is these contractors.
The ones who are working very slowly because they're working as fast as they're going to pay
have anything to do with the AC.
Well, who does?
This is the old existing system that was always up there.
Well, who does?
I don't know.
Because it's now 11, 16 in the morning, Eastern.
Let's find out if you'll talk about them.
They were called this morning.
Yeah, over the hell are they?
What do they do stop to go bowling on the way?
You ever see that spot by the way?
You ever saw that commercial?
I think it's for a TV repair.
And the kids are seeing their way into the ball game and there's nothing but snow.
There's two young guys sitting there waiting for the TV repairman.
And I forget where they are.
They're like having a blast somewhere and the one looks,
you want to go bowling? Sure, no problem.
They got an appointment like it, whatever time it was.
But they're taking a sweet time.
We're only switching over here.
Not that it's an emergency, you understand?
It's only South Florida or it's 140 in the shade 99% of the year.
And you're inside a studio that you can't open a window.
Oh, we can't open a window.
We can't do anything because we're in close.
We're a captive audience in here.
Of course, when you're in Florida, you do want to open a window, don't you?
No.
Here's a mobile in Miramar.
Hello.
Neil.
These get a little finesse to breathe.
Yes, sir.
Did you happen to get the Panther Game Saturday?
No, I did not.
I read about it.
I saw the highlights.
Did you see the highlight where we finally went ahead late in the third
period only to have it disallowed because of a two-
Christmas penalty?
Yes, I did see that, sir.
Christmas.
What is the worry boy?
The worry boy's telling us he's going to be the savior.
Yeah.
How about we send Christmas and need him to my up to Carolina?
Okay, have a great day, sir.
Sour, sour.
There were down two and nothing that came back.
Great come from behind Ty.
Ray Whitney scored a tag.
Go nice, Ray.
Nice, Ray boy.
Nice boy, Ray.
And like I said, sour and hostile and negative.
N-N-N-N-N-N.
Against the Detroit Red Wings, no less.
I think they'll take the point very happily, by the way.
566-70560, 05-560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Winers, complainers, misfits, but anable people.
Here's some rise.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Rizzle old fart.
Yes, sir.
I've got a little different take on the marino thing.
Yes.
I don't think Danny is, you know, the smartest tack and shackle
the time.
And you know, Jimmy Johnson do.
You see how angry Marino was yesterday.
He wouldn't talk to Johnson on the sideline.
He was screaming at all the plays and he comes out and throws for four hundred.
You're not going to tell me that Johnson inspired him to do this.
I don't know.
Something something.
That's got to be the most ridiculous thing.
Any veteran, anybody that's got the determination that he plays with.
I don't think any of it would be ever watched Danny, which I doubt.
But if you ever watched him before, he always has that same fury in his during the game.
But he had it, but the other players weren't responding.
And yesterday they did.
He was screaming at them all.
Yeah.
And they responded.
I mean, that's what I'm saying.
Marino always had that drive.
And I guess they were the ones that threw the ball, too, right?
No, no, no, but the thing is.
Yes, yes.
No, John, the bottom line is you don't want to give him any credit.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
You don't want to give him any credit.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
You don't want to give him any credit.
You don't want to say that Jimmy Johnson, Jimmy Johnson, he's a hard-ass guy.
I don't think much of Jimmy Johnson either.
Right.
But he had a shot.
Yeah.
You have this with the logic team.
And you got your block key player.
Yeah.
You have the guy credit.
Okay.
He came through and when a thing with the season was on the line, he came through big.
He played phenomenally well.
He's the one that said the gadgets.
And you know, he's the one that set up the long bond that put him in place.
And the season is going to go to winning touchdown.
And this guy
You know, you just don't want to do it.
God, you talk about a town that won't give anything.
Kisses ass.
Just a little peck on a cheek.
Come on.
Will you do it?
No.
God.
Just a little tiny kiss.
And this guy won't do it.
Just a little bit of something.
Give us a little apology.
Give us a little bit of credit.
I will not give it.
God damn it.
I don't understand why he stayed here all his year.
He could have written his own ticket anywhere he wanted to go.
I don't understand why he stayed here.
I'd say 90% of the teams in the league would kiss his feet, would kiss every part of
his body, including his recto, was to have him there.
And he's just, I'm just using him as an example.
It's the truth of anything, it was done.
Anything good?
Just knock and rip and tear and tear down.
Here's a lady, mobile and western.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Yeah, I've been listening to your show I'm warning like I usually do.
And I want to thank you for at least throwing a couple of compliments at Damirino because
if anybody deserves it, it's him.
First of all, yesterday.
Yes, performance yesterday in a fourth quarter especially was extraordinary.
Well, listen to this.
Yesterday on a radio show, Kim Bo-Kamper says, well, Damirino has the confidence, but
I don't think he has the ability anymore.
One half hole.
Kim Bo-Kamper said that.
Yeah, he said it on a radio show yesterday.
And I'm going to tell you something.
Every time the dolphins win a big game, it's because of Damirino.
It's not because of Jimmy Johnson's running game.
And all we can ever talk about is the defense.
Well, guess what?
There were a lot of points scored yesterday on that defense.
Right, that's right.
Or if he criticized him the defense, he was really.
Every time the ball actually went down the field like there was nobody on the, there
was nobody on the deck.
To criticize Damirino, well, criticize your defense.
You basically scored 31 points on them yesterday.
Right, it's done.
Where is nobody's any criticizing them?
Because that's his brainchild.
Yeah, well, you know what?
Obviously he has no brain.
Okay, because Damirino is a hollet-famer and we should kiss his ass.
Right, amen.
All right, thank you.
Okay, sweetheart.
God bless you.
Bye.
I'll be right behind you.
I'll roll my kiss.
Kiss, I said.
567-0560, 05-560 on the AT&T wireless line.
So you leave it to a woman, all these macho guys.
They don't want to give them any credit because they pretend to be sports.
They don't know squat.
They don't know squat.
And I, and I did read by the way, speaking of the Panther Tigers Detroit Saturday,
I read with great, I was happy to see they had over 18,000 there.
I was very unhappy to see.
As usual, when the Red Wing scored their two goals, there was a big ovation from all
these so-called Red Wing fans there.
So I have to assume that there were thousands of Red Wing fans or people pretending to be
Red Wing fans in attendance, which is why they went over 18,000.
And I was also this made to see that Brian Murray again just can't accept it the way it is.
Can you be in?
Blame in the media.
Didn't mention any names for our negative coverage and this and that.
You ought to kiss the ground for some of us in the media, including yours, Julie,
who are trying desperately to put some goddamn seats and asses in those seats in the macarena.
So many guys in this town just can't look in the mirror and see their own damn faults.
You put a crap product out there.
A lot of people are going to say, oh no, thank you.
And you soak people for crap food and you give them a not very enjoyable experience.
And they're going to say, oh, I'll pass.
I'll pass.
Or I'll come back less, less frequently.
So now the story comes through about these two, and is there anything in this place that works the way it's supposed to do today?
No.
And just like the other joint, it's always after the weekend that gets the worst.
The weekend comes.
There's a whole bunch of people running around here.
God only knows what.
I mean, why would anybody?
Why would anybody of Potsky to round with my 360 over here with my little sound,
a little score town machine?
And of course, there'll be the Niles.
Oh, no, no, we can't say that.
It all happens by our spouses.
It must be the equipment fairies that come in here on Sunday nights and Potsky to round with all the stuff.
Or some other fairies.
Here's Mayani.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good morning.
Buenos dias.
I was listening to your comments about the stadium funding.
Yes.
And I was so glad to hear somebody talk about the fact that these stadiums don't bring money to a community.
They just shift money around.
Right.
I just moved back here from Boulder, Colorado, and I had an outdoor vending cart business.
And every time there was a University of Colorado football game or Broncos game,
my sales would drop by 50%.
So it's a myth that this money pours in...
Yeah, your losing some money so some millionaire can get it.
Exactly.
So these big corporations like Fine Hose can sell hot dogs for $4 and coaks for $5.
Right.
You know, that's all that happens.
And not even good ones either, Brad, down here.
Absolutely.
Hey, one other comment.
You know, I spent the last seven years in the Denver area.
And John L. Wayt was treated like a god there.
Even in his later years, no matter what he'd have a bad game,
you know, that horrible game against Jacksonville, who lost in the playoffs.
Right.
Everybody still said, hey, L. Ways, the man, and look what he did.
He came back in one two super balls for him.
People in Miami, they...
They suck.
They suck.
The people here suck.
And like I said last week, and I'll say it again, especially after yesterday's performance,
this town doesn't deserve Dan Moreno.
They don't deserve Pavel Burrier, Ray Witty.
They don't deserve much of anything good, because they don't appreciate it anyway.
Yep.
I mean, John L. Wayt, I mean, he could run for a Senate in Colorado,
and he's getting 98% of the votes.
Yeah.
The guy, he had a great career, and right up until the end,
people supported him.
I'm amazed what people are doing.
I think Danny could maybe get mayor of Western maybe.
Yeah, I think he should move to Colorado, or he'd get better treatment there.
All right.
All right, Neil.
See you, Pavel.
Thanks.
56670560, pound 560.
The humidity we're going to be giving a human ex-report here in just a couple of minutes in the studio.
I think it's going to start raining in here any minute.
Suffocating is the word that I'm looking for.
Suffocating.
Are we getting any updates?
Are we getting any information?
Just like on our 800 line?
Are we getting any contact with the outside world,
especially since all the doors are open, into the hallway out there,
and everybody's playing grab-ass out there?
I'm sorry.
George, this gives me a look like.
Are you kidding?
I forgot where I was momentarily.
All right, weed or it doesn't whiffle.
I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said
I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said
I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said
I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said
I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said
I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said
I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said
live with an idiot back on I don't know how isn't it fun is time she wanted you know what is she talking wants you to put her to the
wait budget Marenal, so you can, so you can get a flogging Tricut seashell, so you can get a counties
I forgot their name time and by or something. Yeah, I didn't do that. We'll see you any of that
It was about a squirrel that got caught up in the
There was Larry Lujak. Oh, was that in Chicago? Yeah, you know the squirrel got caught up in the right in the wheel
I'll play for today. How's that? Oh boy
As the next is the going away present. All right, that would be great. Okay, say goodbye
Thank you. Thank you. Good luck. Okay, 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line bring back some white hot
They don't have white outfits in Turkey. Do they know a lot of goyam there though
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Yes, sir. Yes, I am accurate comments on Jimmy Johnson very accurate comments on Dan Reno compliments to your show and
Go nose. Okay
Go nose
Go to dillards all you nose out there you get a hell of a deals with what I hear
Somebody's got to go there besides me. I like dillards
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line some of our lines are working today some of some of Mars some of Mart AC
That's not working our DCS over here. Yeah
I'll be honest with you know, it's one thing when you come in and one thing or a couple of things
But today it's like at least it's consistent nothing is working here today
Nice going Greg and Greg's walking around out there in his six hundred dollars suit going
They're talking about you on Howard by the way Greg
Here's a mobile and four-later-dale. Hello. Yeah, sir. Morning. I haven't heard any comments about the outrageous behavior of the people in Miami when other people
Just want to go to a concert. Yeah, well, I spent 20 minutes out of it. Nobody out there
I guess I guess they're so used to it by now. I mean, what is there to say? I mean on the new
But I'm a public a 10-year-old kid with a cut leg
I you had to throw a bottle at a 10-year-old kid right there's spitting at people that throw on bottles and rocks and
Whatever else they can get their hands up like a bunch of barbarians like a bunch of crazy people Miami gets better
Press when they kill a German dirt right that's right
Listen you just got to know
Maybe people maybe they'll understand to go home one day and fight their fight on their own land
We can only pray I'll pray for that. Thank you. Okay, right. Yeah, let's pray for that all your old Cubans
We're gonna let you out. Okay. I mean we've held you here prisoner captive long enough this weekend
We'll let you out you can go back there and knock that bearded bastard off and bring back all the fun the old days bring back the casinos bring back
Hyman Roth
Maybe myrlandsky can come back and walk his little dog instead of Collins having one to be to walk his little dog on the streets of a van
Nice going there myr. Oh
Maybe Ted Harrison will never come back
With all those billions he saved now what a see there is a god
There is a god just before that thing was gonna perspire and expire and they were gonna screw the US government out of billions
It all is on the estate tax all of a sudden
Oh, he croaked he croaked
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Hello, yes, sir. Okay. I'm on a mobile. I didn't know I didn't hit the pound five sixty things
I don't know how this is working really it's okay to me
All right, cool. I guess when you're building you'll find out
I know I thought that he played it exceptionally well considering the fact that
Last week I mean the last week he gets a buffalo they put a lot of pressure on him and yeah
He didn't make a few bad decisions
Well, you know, I think any apples was looking their chops
They were taking going into this game that if we put a lot of pressure on him
That he may do the same but they did and Marino came through with flying colors, right?
He got walked around he got knocked around and
Even they think I love it. I love every minute
Even when that guy coming in and jump into I left his feet in his face there on a crucial fourth and ten
When he completed that bomb the gadgets and even on that play he just stood in there and did a phenomenal job
Absolutely nice going Danny boy, and I don't even give a crap
I want to show okay have a great thing see I'm objective because I'm not you know involved hysterically
And it's certainly not gambling on these football games
I'm not one of these GA members in waiting like about half the people listening to this radio station
What are your thoughts on that lack of wanted to puke high school game this weekend? What are your thoughts on that oh night?
I only out the game
What are your thoughts
All those professional gamers all those chronic desparados you don't have any thoughts
maybe
Special fact in the church you're on Calera and little Tommy
Lightning has almost struck twice in Lake Forest
I remember you reporting about the little poodle that weaved its way through the traffic in Lake Forest only to be splattered by a
Northwestern train
Well a similar incident happened about a week ago involving a squirrel my friend and I were on our way to get some lunch in Lake
Forest last Saturday when we noticed a squirrel trying to weave its way across the traffic on Western Avenue
We were in a car about 20 yards away from the squirrel and it started to make its way across the street
The squirrel was probably not as mobile as it could have been because its mouth was really stuffed with nuts from the park
Oh luckily though the squirrel scampered across traffic and my friend and I were relieved that he was safe
Suddenly two girls were on a bike ride appeared along the side of the street
They were really flying when the confused squirrel jumped into their path
The girl tried to avoid the squirrel but he somehow hit the back tire of her bike and got caught up in the stone
Oh, yeah, of course squirrel went around in the wheel several times before he got free and was flowing on the grass
To our surprise that day's squirrel got to his feet and staggered away apparently okay. Oh good
The girl who was riding the bike was a little upset, but I'm sure not as much as the squirrel
Luckily he didn't lose his life, but he might have lost his
No
15 to noon at 560 WQM good luck and Syracuse sir God then take your shovel. Don't forget it won't be long
Five that we always bring our shovel to work here at QAM 560 705 60 pound 560 on the 18 T line
Here's Miami. Hello. Good morning. Yes, sir. All right. Oh my career happy to be American if you can believe that yeah
I think he grew up in Massachusetts. Yeah. Well, how can he speak perfect English? Oh, because his father is Bobby Griery the general manager of the Patriots
Yeah, he probably had the money for education
He went to be you and stuff. Well, how come Kevin week speaks perfect English is he a mirror?
Education right
Education can't have much better. Well, how come how come American blacks have been allied to incumbents that they have to speak bubonics?
Maybe it's a southern one
Sir, let me tell you it's not the southern one Chicago Detroit New York
You listen to black people speak and I would say 90% of American people be speaking the illiterate
Maybe Mike had a better chance. They act they act you a question
Wait, speaking of Chicago
What kind of indictment is that of the American education system? That's my whole point
Yes, how can you keep promoting the social promotion crap kids from one class to another when it can't speak English?
But anyway, I'm sorry
20 years ago in Spokyla, no
When the neo-Nazi's wanted to parade down Spoky, which is a very heavy
Jewish popular area. Yeah, one of the lawyers of the Fin and the right happened to be Jewish, right?
So when I hear people saying here that oh
If the KKK marches down for first of all this wasn't a march
Right, right. It was a concert inside of a building if people wanted to go hear them sing
They had a pay to buy a ticket to go see them
They weren't marching. They weren't flooding anything and quite frankly if they never would have started with all the big
Chimnas nobody would have known what they were singing about in the first place
It was a concert that people had again paid to go see how can you compare that to people marching and
Flunting something repugnant in your face
But if they even had the worst comeback flunted, they fly the right to do it under the right that's right
Not in Miami though because the Constitution doesn't apply here. All right, anyway, have a good day. Come back to you
The Constitution doesn't apply in Miami tell that to Thomas Rugolato and tell us a joke
Arroyo and all these other goddamn professional pandering asshole politicians you got in date county shame on you people
Given a big song to dance and oh gee, we got a black guy. We got a black guy that concert with a what it they've been appearing all over the country
They were in Toronto two weeks ago. There was no big song to dance
There was no black guy for the city of Toronto because most Van Van played there
The only reason we got a black guy is because a bunch of crazy people were carrying on like lunatics and behaving like barbarians
A bunch of people who continue to be encouraged to do these unacceptable things over and over and over again
And not one Hispanic politician or leader in this town has got the balls to say this must stop now
You're embarrassing and disgraceing this community with a laughing stock. It wasn't bad enough. What happened at that god damn Q.A. M. Gulf tournament a couple of weeks ago. That wasn't bad enough
Talk about laughing stock
Here's Pember pine. Hello. Hey, I don't know. Okay, sir
There's another thing that I used to disagree with but I'm starting to agree with it
People get the government they deserve right and you know if people cast her out right now
What would you get the Miami government? I mean it would probably be the same thing
Probably from maybe we could send mayor pinga there the day county mayor
It's it's in there with Mickey Erison and the people from the herald and all their other little fascist buddies
And one other thing then Reno probably the greatest sports figure to ever hit this town
Like for Kimberly Boeckham for a court. Right. It was a freeway for running back from the heyday of his career
Uh, I don't understand it. We have a guy that you know comes around once in a lifetime and all they can do is chew him up and spit him out
You know what if I have marino screw Miami go somewhere else. We don't deserve you
Thank you. Okay. Welcome
Pistol off and fired up right there that young man and rightfully so
Ungrateful bunch of bastards in this town. What are you done for me lately? Gee ahead of bad game
Oh
Is that that's I was going to change your life by the way
And by the way if he was slipping and if that's the case like I said a million times before where is his successor
Where's his replacement one of these kids that got standing on the sideline? No, I want to see him in here yesterday. No, of course not
The buck stops here mr. We could be got a shot special whatever the hell's name is 38 goddamn special
You're a special case. All right. You're an asshole
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line
Here's sunrise hello
Yes, sir a couple things real quick did you uh John David's yesterday on the hockey show was ripping the jabbermer about talking about the panther so much
Um, damn Reno. I think that they let me tell you this if John Davidson rips anybody for talking so much about anything
Right then he better go look at a mirror too because you know something
John Davidson is the only man in the history of the human race that must be getting paid by the word
At
Give it a rest JD take a breath already you fat tub of crap. What did I see?
I don't I don't like Jimmy Johnson. Yes. I don't like Jimmy Johnson, but um, I don't think it was that
Well, he anything he said bad last week. I'll also listen. Oh, what does that mean? Well, I mean
He said marina had a bad game big. No, no, it is not what he said
He said that he may use poor judgment
What he did yeah, and but okay, I mean, I don't like Jimmy Johnson. Let down to a little better boy
Let me ask you how was the running game in that game last week he bit the running game to the need barely even mentioned anything else
He spent 90% of his time on marino right marino's great and I'll see later. Yeah, okay
5c Jimmy when he when he takes a dump Jimmy. It don't stink smells like the fallen snow. It's fresh. It smells like a lie locks is what I hear
Yeah
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T line
Coral Gables. Hello. Hey me. How you doing? Okay, sir
Man, I wish I was a comedian because there's so much stuff out there. I'd make one of those HBO specials of five hour
Sing along
I want to talk about the Cuban exiles. Yeah, now they hate communism
What does that mean Cuban exiles by what what does that mean?
I guess you mean people that have been here for 40 years already
No, all these new people just keep coming by the boatload
Are you talking about you're talking about banana boat people not themselves? Yeah, I want to ask you something if they hate communism so much
What do they keep buying Nike's with China written all over maybe China? No, they like Chinese communist
They just don't like Cuban communists. La la la. Oh, they also like
Okay, have a great day in fact
You beat us to the punch. They're gonna they were setting them out on their rafts right now with maps to a China
I mean, I already got like two billion people over there. What's a few more they can handle it
You know I'm talking about the huh get out of here in coherent idiot
56705 60 pound 560 on a 18 T wireless line
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Hey, what's up, Neon? I'm gonna go a little farther than all these shmoles that call up and say oh marino played great
You know this you know last game marino is like god and Jimmy Johnson
He just doesn't like him because you know it wasn't one of the players that he drafted
Well, he should know his role and shut his mouth in the presence of a god and that's it
He should be kissing his ass today
Exactly. He's gonna be on his knees servicing Danny right now
Then God bless you sir, but that's your bottom to help
I guess he was picturing that in his mind, you know
I'm serious. Yeah Jimmy Johnson should be on his knees right now given ahead the Dan marino
Just to thank him for bailing his ass out because two and two man
Can you imagine if they were to lost again yesterday?
Wooo! Oh, man, it's it looked like it was gonna happen. It looked like it was guaranteed
You think the natives were restless last week
Man, they would have been crappin bricks all over town this week if that would have happened especially on the heels of that hurricane loss
Because after all I mean what what else do these people got to grab on to?
But a football game
If you live here, what else what's the claim to fame
Palm trees no no
What is there?
Beautiful beaches no no
Fish and yeah
Well, there was an interesting article by the way about gay fishermen
Here's a mobile and avid sure hello
Something about sticking that hook too deep in there. Yes, go ahead. Yeah, hey
I don't want to beat it that hard. Fish is not
Stop calling them eggsiles. They're not eggsiles
There are a bunch of there a bunch of disgraced goddamn banana boat people have been here for 30 and 40 years already
How long can you be an exile? Yeah, that's true
Both the banana boaters the free loaders whatever you want to call them off. They call on the goddamn Indians exiles
For as much as they hate Cuba. They sure do a damn good job of waving that flag around
Yeah, that's so you know, it's uh, you know, they come over here because they hate it so much but yet
They they want to make this place Cuba. Not gonna change pal. Yeah, they're gonna change
They had just righted off. Yeah, I just want to know
Just get a goddamn scissors and cut date County off the map although I do see you're in heaven sure
But it's close to the border anyway. Yeah, that's true
I just too whenever Cuba you're whenever a Castro bites it and that place
Gives away to the quote unquote almighty dollar. I want to know how many of these free letters are going back none
Exactly not a one
Exactly already. You'll have a good day. Okay pal. I'll read it. Archie
56705 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile in high alia. Hello
Speaking of us being the left and stock all that van van crap was on CNN
So the whole country could see how I know ridiculous we are right but also today
How do we say um page six and the new york post it was a whole article about you read it. Yeah, about the
Wow, did you all start? Okay, but how embarrassing yeah
Where we were on the new york post run their national line and it's on how are news on eight million stations all so we are
The lacking stock of the whole god they more than the station because we have weak need management
Then lots of bunch of silly people in here do things that are totally unacceptable and make us look bad make our your work for charity
Look bad and make all the rest of us look bad. That's what we got here at QAM
This station stands for nothing. Amen god bless you sir. Bye-bye. Okay
Yeah, pray for us. Okay, all those people that are always saying they'll pray for me
Pray for all of us as hardworking steps here at QAM. How's that air conditioning coming by the way?
Anything about that only noon. It's only freaking noon
And this this particular room that I'm in here right now and I thought I want to sound like a martyr or anything
But this is the hottest one of them all because like I said, it's like being in a fish tank. It's enclosed
There is no window. There is no nothing
And I got this fan sitting over here blowing hot air
Always been my fantasy to be blown while I was on the air but never like this
How's Miguel doing by the way?
Five minutes till noon at five sixty WDQM. This is really as it's insufferable. It's just it's uh, it's unacceptable
And they're not responding in any way shape or form because I see a lot of people including clearance running back and forth
You know all the phone is ringing. What is that all about?
Nothing
Oh
They've been alerted the AC people whose names we don't know. What what do you mean they've been alerted? They were called this morning
Yeah
They could be on the roof for all we know, but I doubt you know something. I hope they are on the roof
I hope we hear a thud in about five minutes
I hope it's the sound of them even though it's only how how many stories in this building only three
We're on the turd. Isn't there some part of the building that maybe hopefully might go like uh, oh there's that satellite
Right they could push. Yeah, they could hop up on that before they fall
Four minutes till noon at five sixty WDQM
Hi Felicia. Gini. I love your dress and your hair looks so shiny and manageable
Are you still shampooing with head and shoulders?
Yes, I thought using head and shoulders a long time ago. I mean honestly who grows hair on their shoulders anyway
Yeah, right. So what are you using now?
Well, it's like head and shoulders only without all those additives. It's just called head. What's so them about girls?
Head, head, head, you'll feel better if you get some head. Wow. Where can I get head? Lots of places, chicks. You can stop by my place later
And I'll be happy to give you the head in fifteen minutes. I'll have you shampooed
styles and blown dry
Gee, you don't miss a lick, do you?
Ten thousand three, but is it expensive? Not at all chicks. I'd rather say there are places downtown where you can get head for less than ten dollars
Golly, that's that price. Everyone should be getting head. That's right, chick. When you say head you set a mouthful
I am Dr. Raymond Filotti from Freedom All Industry.
It tells you why you should get head. First of lubricate each length hair follicle, leaving in a wrecked listening shaft
Then the scalp's natural oils are sucked out of the root leaving your hair soft, shiny and exhausted. Nothing does the job like head
Great. Can I get head from my hairdresser Bruce? Probably, but you might want to try your girlfriend first
Go out and get some head to say head and then the quirk goes on on my way
Yeah, yeah, you'll look better and you'll feel pervive
Yeah, yeah, and you get head, you're a lucky step
What hair with lots of volume? Nothing gets it up like head. Available to price you won't find hard to swallow and it's going down every day
Honey, we're out of shampoo. Can you go out and get some head? What did you say? I said I want you to go out and get head
Oh, thank you sweet Jesus. I'm going down down and head makes a great holiday gift
Last Christmas my wife gave me some head then I gave her a pearl necklace
I've never seen her so choke up
My girlfriend used to give me head and then we got married now. I'm lucky if I get dirgans lotion and a national gift wrap
Once you touch you will find a job
And feel the good my buddy on top
You can't get in the shower you want a pump
You can't get the love
If you find it out you're okay
And get your hugs straightened until you leave
So
Let me remember before I get
I can't feel better if you get some head
The feel better if you get some head
Oh yeah
Head shampoo come on give it a shot. My hair looks great
You the nap
So about four or five sixty-one to QM Hank will be a true or state to we got the booster is back
Now the baseball is over
And then we got Monday night football so by the way the November issue of Playboy magazine is the one that everybody is talking about
The problem is I don't think too many people are reading it
And as usually irresponsible people in the media are quoting you know a couple of excerpts here and there to try to make
Just eventura look like as irresponsible as possible and unacceptable and unparalleled because they're terrified
They're scared crap close to them just like he made a fool in ten seconds out of George Williams today
So here's the interview
I haven't my hand right now into Playboy 2
Pretty unusual for me to have it in my hand in the Playboy 2 but nevertheless I do
It says we sent contributing editor Lawrence Grobel whose last interview was with Nick Nolte to the Minnesota State Capitalist spend a week with the governor
Grobel's report what I found mostly refreshing about governor Ventura was his willingness to defend his positions and attack his interrogators
During our first session he was sizing me up by the second day
It invited me to attend the funeral of his high school coach during our third session began challenging my position on subject
I was asking him about when we discussed handgun control the governor called me a liberal weeny for not believing every
House should be equipped with weapons of destruction
He's an imposing man who's not easily intimidated and he's convinced he's got the aurora that will be aura that will take him to higher places
He also believes he has yet to reach whatever destiny has in store for him
It wouldn't surprise me at all if we'll be knocking at Ventura's door to interview him again say three years from now
Here's the interview Playboy did you think that one day you'd be the center of all this media attention
Ventura know because I worked in the world of wrestling which is ridiculed
Nobody ever looks at wrestlers for the talent
They have most people consider wrestling fans ignorant and if they're intelligent
They've had to live their lives like gay people. They've had to stay in the closet
They're fans of wrestling, but they wouldn't dare tell anyone
Playboy you're certainly being taken seriously now how comfortable are you exchanging your feather boars and earrings for a tie and jacket
Ventura getting used to what I wear a suit for days a week Fridays my casual day
I come and wearing blue jeans cowboy boots in the t-shirt. I'd rest up to bring dignity to the office
What I do here is an honor that's been given to me by the state
I don't know if I'll ever feel comfortable here because it's the first office I've had. It's really the first desk
Playboy how has become a governor changed you
Ventura I tried to control my temper more
I try not to react as quickly as I did my other careers where it was acceptable
In this job anything you say will be used against you by the press and in the court of public opinion
You're not allowed to joke or laugh. I do it anyway, and I get in the trouble for it all the time
I do my radio show every Friday and when I go into my radio mode
It's balls to the walls no holds barred when people attack me. I attack back
That's ruffling feathers because generally a governor has to take it but can't dish it out
I've put myself in a position with my radio show to be able to dish it back and they don't like that
Playboy what are the first to can spoil a governor ventura my chefs. I've got two of the best in the business
Playboy you ever cook know I'll make something in a blender and drink it
It's easy no dishes about the only thing I'll cook is soup you cut it out of a can and stick it in the microwave
Playboy what's the best thing about being governor ventura? It's good to be king
The best thing is that there's no one in the state who can tell me what to do playboy in the worst
Ventura you become a slave. I can't go anywhere without guards. You become a prisoner of your own success
Playboy in the hierarchy of elected officials which comes first governor or US senator
Ventura the executive branches higher you can set your own rules per say as a senator
You're just one of a hundred is governor you're one of fifty and your number one within the boundaries of your domain
Playboy what is most important for you to accomplish as governor
Ventura to prove that I can govern now that they have to be won the election
We all met in my kitchen looked at each other and said what the hell do we do now?
No reform party candidate is ever wanted a major level
There was no one there who knew what to do my wife's best friend recommended Steven both sacker to help me out
He had worked hard on independent party candidate John Anderson's campaign for president 1980
And I voted for John Anderson
Both sacker came on board to be my transition chief of staff and state on it's one of the best decisions I've ever made
Playboy what's his job ventura? He's responsible for running and handling my entire administration
My job is somewhat of an oxy moron. I do everything and yet I do nothing
Steven is like the exo in the military. I'm the commanding officer, but an executive officer in many ways
He runs the day-day operation
Playboy that sounds like the way Ronald Reagan governed by being a good
Delegator ventura I've been compared to a lot to Reagan
I appoint experts in their fields as my commissioners then I get out of the way
I only have a high school education, but I'm street smart which can be more effective than college degrees
I operate under a rule. I learned during my seals training. Keep it simple and stupid. That's common sense
Playboy during your book tour you do a larger crowd of the Nixon Library than Henry Kissinger or Newt Gingrich
Do you find that ironic? Ventura I'm flattered that I've had that type of impact the thing people need to ask is why is
Yes, you ventura out drawing Newt Gingrich or Henry Kissinger? Playboy do you have an answer? Ventura the answer is that people are
Searching for the truth for some of the can truly believe in the truth may not be what they want to hear, but they at least know they're getting it
Playboy how do you distinguish between the Republican Democratic and reform parties?
Ventura it's simple I'm fiscally conservative but I'm socially liberal if you're a Republican you have to be
Fiscally and socially conservative if you're a Democrat you have to be fiscally and socially liberal
I'm half of each and that's the before and party to be continued
Nine minutes past noon at 560 WQ now see I could have eliminated a lot of this
But I don't want to do that
I want to read the entire thing because then you look at it in this whole context as opposed to picking and choosing and taking
Stuff out of context which is what the guy the immediate does and does very poorly and unfairly and very tragically
All you paranoid little people in the media who are tired of somebody who actually has got the balls to come along
It is not afraid to tell the truth and won't back down
1213 at 560 QM so keep in mind that this interview with this event tour was done weeks ago before pap you can and made his latest
Hitler wasn't such a bad guy comment just keep that in mind
Playboy governor George W. Bush and vice president Al Gore are the front runners for their parties nominations. What's your take on them?
Ventura I bet met both your agenda vice president to find them to be very nice
But all we're hearing about is Bush and Gore the campaign started a year and a half before the election
I'll be so sickle it by the time the election gets here. I want to throw up
Playboy your opinion of Bill Bradley Ventura a pretty good basketball player
Playboy Pat Buchanan Ventura I respect and he makes people think he and I differ drastically on social issues
And that would hold him back from being the reform party nominee mr
Buchanan puts certain social issues like a borscht on the front burner
We and the reform party do not we don't even have a borscht on our platform
It's not a political issue. It's been decided by the court that it should be challenged in the courts
Playboy Steve Forbes claims like you that he's a political outsider
Ventura Steve Forbes has been wealthy his whole life. I don't like his flat tax. We already had that
It's called social security and look what a message in it's like a national island
He says I like a national sales tax
It would put the government on the direct budget with the economy
So it would be imperative for the government to work to keep the economy good right now the government couldn't care less because they get your money first
Playboy you're a big supporter of colon Powell one saying that if you ran for president you run for vice president
With him. What's so great about Powell Ventura general Powell and I are like we have differences
He supports affirmative action. I don't but he's physically conservative and socially liberal
I found him to be a powerful leader one doesn't get to be chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff not knowing how to lead
It would be hard for me to accept orders from anyone today, but I could accept orders from him
I've met him only once, but I'm pretty good on first impressions
Playboy if you decided to run for president what would be your game plan
Ventura my plan will be to stay out of it until next July
I would let go and bush hang each other with all the role they have to the point where the public can't stand either one of them
They're disapproval rating with skyrocket
Then you enter the race three months before the election and you take the whole thing all of it is is gaining that momentum at the right time
Like I did here in Minnesota. We peaked perfectly and they couldn't stop this when it happened the other two candidates didn't even see it coming
Playboy let's talk about issues can we clear up what you said when you know what you met after the shootings at Columbine High School in Littleton
You suggested that more guns specifically concealed weapons would have enabled students and faculty defend themselves and prevent the massacre
Ventura that is not what I said my simple statement was had there been a license
Conceal and carry in the building life is likely would have been saved
Playboy wasn't there already an armed guard in the school?
Ventura where was he?
What do we value more today our children or our money?
Most people would say the children, but that's not true
We put money into banks. Thanks are guarded by armed guards to make sure our money isn't touched stolen or misused
We put our children in schools and protect them with nothing
Playboy so we should put armed guards in all our schools ventura
Maybe it's something we need to look at the two terrorists went to that school and assassinated all those children
And there was no one there to stop them you can't negotiate with people like that you take them out
Playboy is there anything that could change your mind about the right to bear arms ventura
Nope our forefathers put it in the rest of the general citizen. He has the ability to combat an oppressive government
It's not in there to make sure I can go hunting on the weekend
I don't deer hunt by the way. That's not really hunting
I prefer when the opposition can shoot back then you're hunting
Playboy you carry a gun ventura hardly ever unlicensed to but I only carry one one on by myself
Playboy why does so many people kill other people with guns ventura because it's an easy tool to use if that tool
We're limited. They've used something else. There weren't guns when cane killed able you want to know my definition of gun control
Being able to stand there at 25 meters and put two rounds in the same hole that's gun control
The gun control people don't know what they're talking about
Playboy when you were wrestling announcer you called Coco be where a black wrestler buckwheat
referred to Tito Santana as Chico and described the moves of another black wrestler the junkyard dog is a lot of shuck at
Injiving have these phrases come back to haunt you ventura know it's wrestling when I participated in it was built on
Stereotypes every Japanese wrestler through salt and was sneaky every German wrestler was a Nazi every Russian the communist
How could anyone possibly look at wrestling and say this is what he believes in its entertainment my job was to irritate people
Another of my famous wrestling quotes was when if you can lose if he must but always cheat and some people drug that up today like it
Some kind of policy all of a sudden wrestling's real of them come on
Playboy something else you said is that college athletes should be exempt from taking classes so they can concentrate on games
How much flack did you take for making that statement ventura my point is the way the system is set up now invites cheating
You've got college athletes in Minnesota playing one level low professional
They have to bust their butts and when someone offers to write a term pay before them. You think they're not gonna take it
Playboy so you're saying that we should redefine the college experience that athletes don't have to take classes
They just have to play ball venture your dog on right if you go to college to play football
Why don't they teach you how to deal with agents school should prepare these kids for what they're gonna do
Playboy how do you feel about protesters who burn the American flag ventura if you buy the flag it's yours to burn
Playboy many people believe it was a mistake to eliminate the draft to you
Ventura the draft was utterly ridiculous
It was the most unfair bogus piece of crap ever put together because who got drafted if you're gonna have a draft
There should be no deferments
That's the way the draft was in the 60s and early 70s if you went to college or I'm sorry
The way the draft wasn't the 60s and early 70s if you went to college you got out of it. Why was that a determining factor
Playboy wasn't the idea that the country needs to develop young minds
Ventura or really in the country doesn't need auto mechanics maintenance people laborers have to face the draft
But others can't go hide in college
See I got bitter toward that if you don't have money you couldn't hide in college the only people getting drafted were the poor people
Playboy what do you think of gays in the military ventura who might have tell someone they can or cancer of their country
I couldn't care less of the person next to me as gay as long as he gets the job done
Playboy would you support or oppose recognizing gay marriage in Minnesota ventura?
I would oppose it look up the word marriage in the dictionary
It says it's between a man and a woman now. I don't oppose gay people forming some type of legal bonding
But you just can't use the word marriage
Playboy why aren't you concerned with crime ventura because that's a local issue and I don't believe in micro management
Sure, I'm concerned about it, but it's not the governor's job to handle it
That's for mayor city councils. I'm not going to sit here and be a typical politician
Bangs his desk and say I'm going to fight crime. Have these guys wouldn't know crime if it picked them on the ass
Playboy how about the death penalty ventura? I don't support the death penalty and the private sector
I did but not as governor
I wouldn't want the responsibility of sending someone to his death
Minnesota doesn't have a death penalty so it doesn't matter to me
But on the flip side what bothers me is that life and prison isn't life and prison
Why are you eligible for four or five to seven years life should be life and there should be no three strikes
There should be one strike
Playboy that's a little rough venture or know it isn't if you commit murder rape or other crimes
Why do you get to do a three times before you go?
Playboy what about drug crimes
Ventura that's consensual crime people who commit consensual crimes shouldn't go to jail
We shouldn't even prosecute them. That's crime against yourself drugs and prostitution
No should not be imprisoning crime the government's got much more important things to do
Playboy would you legalize these types of activities ventura?
Nevada has Nevada's got legalized prostitution like the old west. They don't seem to have any big problem
It doesn't seem to create a hostile atmosphere
My wife and I were in the heart of Amsterdam's red light district where there are drugs open prostitution and pornography
Yet amazingly at 10 o'clock at night
We saw a busload of senior citizens out for a walking tour
If it's not illegal chances are there's no violence
See we call our country home of the brave and land of the free, but it's not
We give a false portrayal of freedom
We're not free if we were we'd allow people their freedom prohibiting something doesn't make it go away
prostitution is criminal and bad things happen because it's run illegally by dirt bags who are criminals
If it's illegal and the girls could if if we were legal rather than the girls could have health checks
You need benefits anything any other worker gets and it would be far better
Playboy this isn't the very popular position in America is it
Ventura know what it's because of religion
Organized religion is a sham in a crutch for weak-minded people who need strength and numbers
It tells people to go out and stick their noses and other people's business
I live by the golden rule treat others as you want them to treat you the religious right wants to tell people how to live
Playboy, what's the solution to the war on drugs Ventura stop the demand in a free society
You can't have martial law you can't have people battering down doors and the end it's the individual decision to make
The prohibition of drugs causes crime you don't have to legalize it just to criminalize it
Regulated create places where the addict can go get it when you prohibit something it doesn't mean it'll go away
The same with abortion if you prohibit it won't stop it'll just go into back alley and then two lives will be in danger
Playboy one was the last time you chewed a peyote button spoke to join a drop acid
Ventura a while ago and most of those things I haven't done. I've smoked a joint. There's nothing wrong with that
That's one of the biggest atrocities going on right now marijuana
Give somebody a Hendricks tape and a joint stick him in the corner and he's happy
Playboy if you smoke the if you had smoked a joint since becoming governor would you admit it?
Ventura no, it's my personal life. That would be like asking me which sex acts are like
Playboy when you said you'd never lie to the people of Minnesota Ventura right
But that doesn't mean I have to answer everyone's questions if it's relevant to my job. I'll answer it
You have no business asking anything about my private life
Playboy you said nowhere in a constitution does it say that the government's businesses to read jobs
That's the private sector's responsibility
Ventura am I right? Have you read the constitution? Does it say anything about government's ability to create jobs?
Playboy doesn't have to give the impression that you don't care
Ventura the point is I'm breaking away from this reliance on government
Which was not founded to create jobs create your own job be an individual
Playboy are there any welfare programs you endorse Ventura? I endorse all welfare. There should be a safety net
But it should not be a lifestyle
Why I oppose is when people talk about welfare rights. You don't have a right to welfare. It's charity
Playboy has your opinion of the media change since you become governor
Ventura they're dangerous the media have an agenda they try to make the public think they're just reporters who report facts
Not true. They carry their personal beliefs and attitudes into the articles. They write
I'm a firm believer in free speech, but with any freedom comes responsibility and the media are abusing their position
It happened to my wife when somebody wrote about her taking over my radio show when I was at a town
At the end of the article a person stated that I was offered this celebrity golf term with my security guard who were being paid by the public
That's an example of the media putting a little twist at the end to inside people to get angry at me
But it's the law anywhere I go. I have to be protected
It doesn't matter if I'm on a book tour or playing a celebrity golf tournament or if I take a vacation
Playboy are you still looked upon as a guy who doesn't need protection as the bumper stickers
Both our governor is stronger than your governor
Ventura people don't realize I get at least one death threat a week
We've got two bomb threats where the building had to be evacuated
Playboy you were asked in one radio station the names your state song bird muffin and drink you missed two of the four
You know them all now
Ventura know because they're all irrelevant and unimportant. They asked me to stay drink to me. It's beer
Playboy, but now you know it's Ventura milk which really threw me off because Wisconsin is the dairy land
Playboy in the state song Ventura. I'd now say it would be something by Johnny Lang or Bob Dylan editors know to tell Minnesota
I know the state bird is a loon and the muffin is a blueberry
Playboy the press may piss you off, but you seem to thrive on attacking them
Ventura they need it nobody holds them accountable
Nobody holds their feet to the fire
Playboy what insults have gotten under your skin Ventura only the personal ones they can criticize my policies
All they want but they go beyond that and when I criticize them everyone gets upset with me
I love how people can dish it out, but they can't take it
Playboy which is just what Barbara Carlson the former governor's ex-wife told Mira Bella about you
We can dish it out, but he can't take it and that's going to be his downfall
Ventura consider the source
This is a woman who struck the former governor with a frying pan had a name for his private parts
So you have to take that with a green assault
She's also a woman who's had her stomach cut out so she doesn't eat as much what happened to willpower
I love fat people every fat person says it's not their fault that they have gland trouble
A trouble you know which gland the saliva gland they can't push away from the table
Playboy some have said you're a vindictive person. Do you believe in an eye for an eye?
Ventura nobody I believe in the seal teen code. We don't get mad. We get even
Vindictive no and I want to come to business as long as nobody makes a personal attack on me if they go personal
I'll go personal to be continued
It's nice that it's a nice and comfortable in here, you know oh
God is there anybody working on his crap
I guess they just don't care you know he'll just the fumble his way through the four hours and walk out of their
Spitzing with a screaming headache and it'll be just another day at the ranch
26 past 12 at 560 WQM your we can't get anything right station for the 90s
We down in Jamaica in the cold of bean
Take out the best of her that you ever
Asked anybody in that table
He tell you this country where the country
Rasta man has some he want to sell and from my own way you can detect
Smoke kind of smoke smoke
He light up the spliff and talk all right smoke kind of smoke smoke
Smoke kind of smoke smoke
The gun should be good
You'll be carried lots of herb in the gunny sack
Smoke it every day until you're long so like
With all the money that we have made Jamaica doesn't need any foreign aid
American food is from here and say got nothing like this in the USA
They're small
Smoke kind of smoke smoke
They light up the spliff and talk
They begin to puff and choke
Smoke kind of smoke smoke
The gun should be good
I'm not nervous on you are a rasta man
You like to smoke the giant slip whenever you can
Many people coming here for miles around
By the work of you by the ounce of liquor
Rasta man is a her mama you right
They can't you be good tonight and then they smoke
Smoke kind of smoke smoke
They light up the spliff and talk
Smoke kind of smoke smoke
Smoke kind of smoke smoke
They're kind of you good
All right
Come 32 and 5 to 50 I'm not going to read the rest of this today
Maybe I'll do it tomorrow if we have the AC
I'm just I'm wilting under the pressure
I'm stumbling and fumbling and not to ingest this to this
I'm switching over here is basically what it boils down to
Underline the boil part
The very last there's like three more pages this interview to go
The very last the paragraph last question playboy
Let's say your life is over and you discover you can return as anything you want
What would you come back as ventura?
If I could be reincarnated as a fabric
I'd like to come back as a 38 double d bra
I'll throw away at the end of the interview a joke a little funny there and George will
Why do you disgrace the office of governor?
Oh god
I sure hope some of you people saw that yesterday saw the look on into look of indignation
I'm just eventura space when that little pucil animus putt's George will comes up with that crap
That humorless right wing sour puts crap
I'm kind of feeling humorless in sour puts in here today too because then like I said I'm wilting
I'm just wilting under the pressure
It's got to be 140 degrees in here
Like do you want to show in a sweatbox?
And it's now going on one o'clock and is there any is there anybody in this building who is communicating anything to us
Are the air conditioning?
But I'm not asking a question are they here? Is there anybody communicating anything to us? No about any of this stuff?
All the office phones are about of course they can't communicate to us on the phone because all the office phones are
about on the whole goddamn floor I got two lines out in the talk show lot it's a miracle we got anything going on here today
But I suppose somebody could like wander down the hallways since I've seen all these people sticking their nose in there
But you know and I ask you well what's the story nothing
They could yell it down the hall. They don't even think they could yell it's got to goddamn holler we could hear it
Maybe we just haven't paid the contractors
You think that could be it? Oh, yeah, that could be it John Henry's got all our money. Let's call up John Henry see if he wants to send to be able to fix a guy the air conditioning
Of course, even if he does we still don't want to build a stadium for him but nevertheless
Here's adventurer hello
Adventurer
40 minutes and they're gone can't imagine why
5 6 7 0 5 60 I just I can't I just don't have it. I'm sacked of strength to read the rest of that today
Because I won't do with justice
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line
But I think you get the message and as a matter of fact, it's actually legal to go out and buy playboy the November issue with the red cover
And the big boobs down the front
Here's Miami hello. Hey, Neil how you doing? Okay, sir. I had my lunch while I was waiting for 40 minutes, bro
Yeah, yeah, I just like how to say you have an awesome show
Don't stop don't stop the good work
There was dolphins kicked out yesterday
Where you know was great Johnson was bitter, but he won anyways
And I have a sighting for you down in Miami Beach
Joe Manuela Carroyo was walking out of the Warsaw room with city, Wackup, Warsaw and in the hand
So okay, well, thanks for the good news. Okay
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 anybody have any idea what he's talking about? No
Let me say my decone he just said it in a different way
Here's a mobile in western hello
Hey, Neil how are you? Okay, sir
I gave you a weep jersey. I was over at the center one three years down over at the backstruck at the moment. Thank you so much
Yes, sir sure sure. I hope you can do it
Um, it's a couple of things first off about the dancers
And everything that was down the panthers day one fun day. I was sweet. I was sitting in a sweet box with the first time I was never really
Um, thank
Recafe accurate
But anyhow, um, I was just really upset about the Chris well this usual
How how how how he how he just
Let me say it again the same with all due respect
We're trailing too-to-nothing in the game against a very very good Detroit team
They came back. They got a tie. They got the point. They're undefeated
I don't see why everybody is so anxious to be so god damn negative about everything in his town
No
I'm not negative about it, but I'm just I'm just I'm just uh, I'm just negative about them bringing back Chris well
Well, how can anybody not be but I mean he's uh, he is what he is
He's not going to get any better. He's useless and they're using them like a goddamn weapon
I mean, they're gonna they're gonna prove to us that he's a player whether he is or not
Which we all know he's not but they're just gonna jammed out our throats whether we like it or not
Yeah, this is what this is what happens when you dealing with a couple of hard-ass is the Murray boys
It's the Murray boys
Everett they're oh I can't I can't go to light on the floor make utterable sounds. They're really in
What was that we get some word there from Clarence or what what do you just say to you?
I don't want to say no, what did you just tell you?
Say it again. They're Clarence
They're on their way
It is now 23 minutes before one. I feel like Vince Gully when Sandy co-fax pitch the first
And is 1138 in the city of the angel. It's 1238 in the city of crap
This AC's been out all morning. This is unbelievable. They're on their effing way
Which you sure gonna do us a lot of good and that no no and by the way
I hate to break the news to you
Thanks to when you show out at shulas today. He's not gonna be nice going hopper
He's not gonna be stuck here with his goddamn swap infested crap
They're on their way. Thank you so much Clarence for the great confidence boost
And a man sits down the hallway. I guarantee it's cool and his office down there. Oh
I'm guaranteed he is working down there
Oh
Like I said carry one of the cubs wants to know
Which is worse Greg a hole in your heart or a hole in your head
2121 is 560 wqa where we just can't get it done right where the embarrassment never ever ever stopped no
I hate the Irish
If
oh
shoulder prints
give me
He's our old sister's husband.
From that hotel, they have forever.
It's raining, floating and bad.
That's what's ever.
Alice and Larry, and first.
What's my line?
25 and 55, 50, W.A.M.
As the historian never stops here in the land of the crazy.
These are crazy people.
I'm rereading this thing about the Los Van Van concert.
The Cuban dance band, Los Van Van played my marina on Saturday night,
but not without inciting a vans show of anger by protesters who greeted concert goers
by spitting at them, yelling up, said,
''The man in the room is throwing eggs, rocks and bottles.''
By night's end, nearly 50 Mime police officers had detained, had Don riot gear.
One journalist had been knocked unconscious by a rock, and four people had been arrested.
One charged with battery on a police officer.
Three of them had been detained after trying to storm the arena while waiting Cuban flags.
Going...
...like that.
The show of police force angered demonstrators and their supporters.
''Look at what the national media is going to see.''
Said City Commissioner Thomas Regolato, Tomas the S.
''My men, all these police officers, another black guy for my men.''
''Let me say it again, Mr. Regolato. You jackass, you simple than you jackass you.''
The black guy is you and your crazy people there carrying on like a bunch of spoiled little children.
Unexceptible. You've destroyed Dade County.
Destroyed it. Butchered it. Roned it. Made it the laughing stock of the world.
Congratulations to you.
And by the way, you're welcome. Thanks for showing your gratitude for coming to America and embracing our freedoms.
Not...
Here's a mobile informer. Hello?
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm a branded listener in the first time callers.
All right.
I just want to say it's not a goddamn time.
Somebody has enough wealth to stand up and say what's wrong with all my wealth.
I've grown up with all this PC stuff and everybody. You can't say nothing.
And everybody has rights and everybody you got to walk on Make Shows.
You know, I mean, it's bull... it's bull crap.
Right. Nice job there. You caught a right in midstream. I was next one.
Excuse me? I said there was good job.
Yeah. I mean, it's just a horrible thing.
I worked two jobs to put myself to college.
I was the first person in my family to ever go to college.
And now I've got to support all these people that want to sit out there on welfare
and not sit on their butts all day and not doing nothing and I've 18 kids.
Right. You know?
Well, God bless you. You're hanging there.
Thanks.
And have a great day.
Yeah, I think that just you had the reason I was so impressed.
Other than the gun control thing, which I disagree with him about,
but you know, if you're looking for a candidate, you're just going to agree with you on everything.
Forget it.
But other than that, I thought to myself, gee, this is interview I would have given.
At least on all these issues.
Makes it a hell of a lot too much sense, doesn't it?
For most Americans out there who can't handle the truth.
5-670, in fact, even quotes Jack Nichols in there.
5-670560, 0.560 on the AT&T line.
Here's Sunrise. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
If I recall earlier, did you say Jimmy Johnson should be Bull on Dan Moreno?
Well, you think it should be the other way around?
Why is that?
If Dan Moreno is so good, why does it take him to somebody like a fire hunter's ass before he goes on?
Oh, he's let a little fire hunter's ass.
How about the other 8 million times he's pulled games up,
including long before Jimmy Johnson ever came here, okay?
You idiot, you jackass.
Oh, here's the reverse spin now.
Jimmy lit a fire under Danny.
You're an idiot, pal. You're a moron.
And like I said, they don't deserve you, Danny.
They're a bunch of ungrateful pricks.
Yeah, Jimmy done it.
I'll tell you what Jimmy did.
That's what he's done since he's been here.
Crap.
Crap and look for escape goats.
When the tough get going, Jimmy Johnson hides under the goddamn desk.
Isn't that how it goes?
When the tough get going, the going gets going going gone.
Something like that.
You know what it is.
What's your crap?
Here another one of our soft Florida sports experts, pal.
John L. Wade Dan Moreno.
Anybody knows even a little bit about football.
These are the two greatest in the history of the game at those two-minute drills
that margin their team down the field at the end of the game
and pulling the losses, pulling victories out of it.
Looks like a sure loss.
I think you're pulling something too much, pal.
Here's a lady in Miami. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Oh, I'm on the air.
Sounds like you.
Okay, Alana, lighter notes.
Since you're always smoothing the panthers and you're soft hot,
what you are right now, you should get them to let you promote your show on their ice arena.
Oh, yeah.
Where's that be green?
Hold your breath.
Well, anyway, I was calling because I'm...
You're forgetting who the owner of the panthers is, dear.
Well, I'll put them in your old promoting their team.
I think it'd be a good shot.
Yeah.
Well, I was calling because I am one of the few who's a pretty good panther fan for second season.
And I'm kind of tired of taking a shuttle bus.
And there's only about three people on the bus.
You pay for parking ten bucks.
So, Miami to drive all the way over there at 45 minutes.
It's not a good 15 bucks on your tank.
And it's a good idea to take the shuttle.
I mean, I don't work for them, but it'd be a lot nicer to have fans on the bus that you could relate to.
So, I thought I'd take your audience with like to hear that.
So, take the bus.
It's cheaper and it's much more fun.
Okay.
Thank you.
See ya.
Can I get some tickets?
Tickets for what?
For the game.
Parking tickets?
No.
I'll put it for what game?
Tempted tickets.
Whatever game you can give me, I'll give you something.
Okay.
There you go.
Bitch.
I assume as she started, I know where she was going.
That's why I just let her keep going.
There was no doubt in my mind.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60.
Stick her out of it, and then both two, by the way, when they're all going back very soon.
This weekend, I think.
Straight back.
Read a great article in New Yorker magazine, by the way, about that Windjammer cruise ship.
It went out in the middle of Hurricane Mix last year.
Never came back.
Do you know, I'm pretty sure it's in the, because it said,
Windjammer cruises their headquarters here in the old radio station, and it mentioned Bay Road.
It's in the OK-18, where I used to work 1759 Bay Road.
Windjammer cruises rhymes with loses, as in some other ships when they go off in the middle of, oh boy.
What an article that was.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, new.
Yes, sir.
I'd be able to call it very starier hot, but I'm not going to be asking for tickets anyway, one of those days.
I have a question about, I watched a game where you just care line them with the hurricane.
And I was.
Sure, I don't talk about the hurricanes, unless it's a hurricane that's OK.
And it's all one of the sports that it shows.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60.
On the end, here we get to one dimensional people.
We got to one of what's the hockey tickets.
I read that whole dress event to release as much as I could get through without gagging in here on the goddamn humidity.
And now I'm getting calls about hurricane football.
You sport there is man, if you had a brain, you'd be dangerous, but you're probably the safest bunch in the history of mankind.
Like that one guy that's talking about the police holding the shields upside down, what they should have held him upside down by the ankles.
Then maybe maybe his brain, what he's got left of it might have shifted from his neck to his head, where it's supposed to be.
Yeah, just hold him upside down for a few hours.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the 8th.
Now what the hell was that?
Don't tell me those lines are working now.
No, oh, well just a...
Oh, there we go.
Here's line 4, it's WQAM, or nothing works.
Hello, how you doing?
Hello.
Hello, how you doing?
Can you hear me?
Yeah, I can now.
Oh, you're getting through on an out of order line. That's great.
Yeah. Don't mind that dial tone, by the way.
That's not us. That's the phone company sucks.
That's the AC down.
How you guys doing over there?
We're switching over here, you know what that means?
It's dying.
Right.
You're talking to a man.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good.
Never been better.
I just want to tell you, man, the marino thing, I'm not an office fan by any means, but I'm saying it.
He's a come back guy, and I like him, marino.
The guy can pull him out of the jam, man.
He pulled off a miracle for these people yesterday,
and they still don't appreciate it. They're still rough at him and ask.
Well, they can be 14 and 0, and they still be, uh, to play in a cell.
Yeah, they still be winning.
But I just want you to know, I do appreciate Dan for it, no?
And I wish there were more like a mountain.
Oh, thank God for you, man, you and me.
Okay, take care.
All right.
Bye-bye.
Oh, God, I'm choking him, gay.
And by the way, you know, I do want to say this.
Whoever the air conditioning people, which is not our good close friends at the air around the clock,
and I have no idea why not.
See, this is what happens when you deal with Mickey Mouse contracting companies.
And you have these contracts where, oh, this one's got the air conditioning contract,
and this one, you know what that's all about, but it's a crap.
And I don't understand why somebody in a position of authority in this place,
if we have such a person who cares, which I doubt, why didn't call our friends at the air around the clock?
They would have been here early this morning.
We could have traded it out for some spots.
Don't you understand?
Georgia is saying, oh, what a cost of some money.
Oh, that's right.
We don't want to trade anything out for, you know, the people here in the building who are trying to work.
The only tradeouts in this station, they're stuff that's going into somebody's pocket.
Forget about that.
Greg, you're a joke.
A bad joke.
Not a funny joke.
A bad joke.
A terrible joke.
Well, we've only been here, you know, since 9 o'clock this morning.
Phone lines getting fixed?
No.
AC people, they're on the way.
That's the best.
You know what's like if you were on the 18th floor of a high rise.
And you smelled smoke and the fire alarms.
And by the way, we haven't had those yet today.
All the way ahead of my week.
Yeah, right.
What did you say?
I said, shh shh shh.
Did you hear what he just said?
I swear that he just said, I didn't.
That how you didn't.
But if you're on the 18th floor of this high rise building,
enters flames like engulfing the building.
And you wait and you wait and you run into the window and you're pacing back and forth like a pregnant fox.
And you're like hysterical.
And you can't get any word as help on the way.
And finally, a little voice.
This is like a half hour after the first fumes you started smelling smoke.
And a half hour later, somebody finally else, oh, don't worry. They're on their way.
You know what this place is?
Underlabel.
It really is.
Underlabel.
Underlabel.
Underlabel.
Underlabel.
Underlabel.
Underlabel.
Underlabel.
Pro 56 at 560 QM.
Should be a good lesson to all you people out there.
Don't do what these people do here.
Okay. Don't do as we say.
How does that go?
In other words, get smart.
Don't be dumb like us, like Fredo.
Call it around the clock.
And schedule your seven point check up now.
So you don't have to stretch your brains out like we're doing here all day.
If we only had a deal with there around the clock, we wouldn't be sitting here.
Just bustin' our balls trying to get through this damn show today.
Sweating our brains out.
Boy, it's the one to two hour.
I'm so munchy and lucky.
I'm dying off again.
No matter what you do.
I don't care how hard you try.
All you got to do is take a lie.
I'm so tired of our feet.
Just think that that you can in so creepy.
Oh.
Bradley is next job.
And for this just a joke, I'm your W.
For sure.
And the 80s, noting so.
I would invoke for you.
No matter what you do.
I don't care how hard you try.
All you got to do is take a lie.
102 at 560 WQM.
We're shredsin' over here.
Baby, we'll make it.
Hank Goldberg and luckily for him is out of two list day two today.
He'll be with you two to six.
Six o'clock till 845.
We got the booster boom, Shamby.
845 will lead that.
It's some money that football.
Jacksonville at the Jets.
Yeah, I love that guy.
My favorite call on the day was, oh, Bill Parcell.
I mean, we're not even doing a goddamn sports show, which I never do.
I'm just talking about the fact that these people are all full of crap.
And so was Jimmy Johnson after Merino next step.
Tremendous come back yesterday.
And here's another sports expert from the QM audience calling in.
Oh, what's Bill Parcell's yoat about?
He's owing for.
What about that win over Denver lives?
Oh, yeah.
All the experts, man.
All the big mouths.
No, absolutely nothing.
They have no idea what they're talking about.
20 hours of stupidity.
That's what we got.
Sports maven.
That's all they do is flap it and there comes two.
Here's Miami Lakes.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
I have three quick things to tell you.
First thing, I want to say how much of an ass of that rate troll is.
That's number one.
Who?
Rate troll.
It's a guy that you have met before.
I believe he is a real prick, man.
I have met before.
That's what he says.
I never heard of him.
That's what the whole office is telling me that he had met on the, you know, well, whatever.
I never heard of him, sir.
Are we supposed to know who that is?
The audience know who that is?
No, we have no idea who it is.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, another Julio with a lot of good material for all the rest of us to share.
No.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's for Lauderdale.
Hello.
I know.
Yes, sir.
I thank my guys for reading that.
It seems like we're forced in on this religious crap.
The newspapers, the media, I don't understand.
You know, nobody always gives us a hypocrite.
You know, okay.
Well listen, call me back when you got a phone at work.
You might have something to say.
I'm not sure, but, uh, coming back when you got a real, they're all kinds of phone problems today.
I think it's a comedy pinco plot of yes.
It wouldn't be surprised me if Louis Van Van sabotaged the whole phone system here in South Florida.
Never put anything past those comedy pincoed bastards.
You know what I'm talking about?
No, no.
There you go.
Our phones, the other phones coming in, it's like, listen to this.
You hear that?
Hello.
So, sometimes there's actually somebody on here calling through the fog, trying to cut through the bullcrap.
Okay, where we going?
Let's do, um, Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Going once.
15 minutes, 51 seconds later.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil.
What do you got over your phone, sir?
You got a smile on your nose, man.
It sounds like you're talking to your 10 pounds of elephant.
I was just on the beach, man.
The wind's blowing.
Okay.
Hey, man, I got my midway truck out and I'm just begging to break on the beach, man.
Yeah.
We got your rope in the back with the Ku Klux Klan and your hood.
Okay, thanks a lot.
Okay.
How come I knew we had 20 pounds of elephant crap over it on the phone, too?
Here's the Lady and Four Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Okay, I would like to give my opinion regarding the Cubans, right?
Regarding what?
The riot was going on with the Cubans.
The riot?
Uh-huh.
The protest?
Yes.
Yes.
Okay.
Um, I think to be honest, um, I'm Cuban and while half of the Cubans have American, what I think
is they should not come here to Florida or to USA, okay?
Who's that?
And um, the Cubans.
Right.
To make the concert.
Why should they do that?
Actually.
Well, wait, wait, wait, what Cubans are you talking about?
You're talking about the group?
The band, the group.
Why not?
Why not?
Because, see, when they're in Cuba, they talk bad about USA.
Why would they come here?
And then after that, they make the money and tell you how to...
How do you know what they say in Cuba?
Have you heard what they say?
Of course, I have family over there.
Uh-huh.
And what do they say?
And they talk about USA.
They talk really bad about USA.
Like what?
Um, that it's no good.
Yeah.
That's why, why would you want to come here live here?
Yeah.
I mean, go back to Cuba and do the concert.
I agree with you.
The riot?
It's no good.
Well, let me ask you this.
What difference does it make what their opinion is?
Don't you understand me?
Read your read that slow that you don't understand it.
Just because you do a concert, it doesn't mean you have to listen to something.
Oh, I understand you're on with you 100%.
Right?
But what I don't understand is why those Cubans would ever leave in back in Cuba.
The Cubans, not the one, not the group, the other ones.
Why wouldn't they do a riot over there?
Because they knew that over there they would get major kicking ass.
What would they do then?
And then you know something?
Maybe some of these people here ought to get a major ass kicking in straight in their ass out in fact,
just disrupting this town.
That's correct.
Okay, thank you.
Don't you understand what you was saying?
You didn't get it.
Eeeh!
Yeah, let me interpret for you.
She basically, I mean, she used a lot more words, but she said, eeeh!
Just rationalizing away a bunch of grotesque crap that this town is so,
and I know I'm speaking for the overwhelming majority of sane people,
all 40 of us in this town, when I tell you we have had it,
we are tired of this crap.
Sick and tired.
And whether it's Rudy Giuliani, the little self-appointed dictator up there in New York,
trying to tell people what is art, and whether it's a bunch of crazy old Cubans down here in Miami,
trying to tell people who can perform in this town, and who can say whatever the hell they want to say,
and what they can say,
we're tired of it.
Fed up with it.
So take on your goddamn protest and your dissatisfaction.
If you don't like the way things are done here, then go and do it someplace else like back in Badanibot land.
And she makes a very good point.
I wonder how long these same assholes that were out there the other night.
How long they'd have been protesting down there in Cuba?
They'd have been real quiet and real obedient.
Hey, Nio!
Fuck you!
She won your hide in the miracle worker.
Despite her handicaps, she left behind a lifetime of achievements.
And now, with a discovery of rare audio tapes found in a basement somewhere in New Jersey,
death jam records makes available to you.
Helen Keller sings the blues.
A series of recordings from the 1950s by Helen Keller herself,
whaling out a pound of sounds.
Whoooo!
Whoooo!
To order yours, add your credit card rate and call 1-800-
Whoooo!
Order now and get a bonus list of commitments by Marley Matlin and Johnny Ray.
Whoooo!
Whoooo!
But how about some tickets, Nio?
Whoooo!
113-560-QM.
Here's a fact from Bill in Portland, Oregon.
In the Oregonian newspaper today, a couple letters to the editor.
Have an only they got a columnist, EJ Dion Jr.
Who had some nasty things to say about Jesse Ventura and his denunciation of organized religions of sham, etc.
Here are two letters to the editor in this morning's Portland Oregonian newspaper.
EJ Dion Jr. adds his anguished wail to the crescendo of denunciation of Minnesota Governor Jesse Ventura's
Pungent Little Code about organized religion.
Well, what is organized religion done lately to be granted absolute immunity in the marketplace of ideas and politics?
Is there anything stately about those religions to preach rabid intolerance of gays, atheists, evolutionists, even Jews?
Is there anything particularly strong-minded about those docile flocks of voters who on the word of their pastors will rush to give their votes to political prostitutes who promise to write their religious doctrines in the national law, even after those same prostitutes have sold them out to corporate giants?
Organized religion does indeed play entirely too large role in our political life, and for that it must accept the same risk as any other group in politics.
Only so long as religion concerns itself solely with helping others does it deserve the sort of respectful reference that Dion pines for.
Another letter that says, I read EJ Dion's commentary, no more sermons, please, Reverend Ventura.
Ordinarily, I believe Dion's comments are generally thoughtful and informed as comments attempting to rebutch as he ventures quote from a Playboy interview, seeing way off as usual, track.
Dion listed a great catalog of people made significant impact on life in general.
These individuals were also devout in their religious beliefs.
Life where a lot of people was altered because these individuals passed by.
What he did not include in his list was to devout Muslim volunteers to drive highly explosive truck into a military barracks for the glory of God, or the 11th century crusader who sang Ferris, Lord Jesus, while bashing the brains out of children for the glory of Christianity, nor the snipers who killed doctors they believe perform abortions.
All of these people were serving their belief in God also, and daily many folk who do not believe in a formal God, visually perform good works helping those who are having some kind of trouble or pain.
How do you like that? A couple letters from Portland, Oregon newspapers, where they have better things to write letters to the editor about than early bird dinners.
5670560.560 on the ATT line. Here's Atlanta. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir.
Hi, I like your show. I listen to you every day. Well, God bless you, sir.
One thing is making me sick. The way these fans are kissing marinos as today. I mean, he's a good quarterback.
What does that mean? I mean, he's a good quarterback. I mean, don't get me wrong. But the best thing that happened to Miami is Jimmy Johnson since power war for you.
Oh, yeah. Uh-huh. What is he done? What is he? What is he? What is he? One Jimmy has won Super Bowl with me. I'm not talking about here. Well, with mediocre quarterbacks in Dallas.
He's mediocre quarterback. Treyekman is a mediocre quarterback. He's overrated. Yeah. Okay. Thank you, sir. Don't call us again.
We got enough problems down here without some jackball like you from Atlanta columnist. 5670560.
0.560 on the ATT wireless line. That's the kind of stuff they're worried about. We're talking about all these other things.
And that's what they call this radio station to talk about is some stupid Jimmy Johnson with a crappy frosted hair.
Here's Coral Springs. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Uh, Neil. Yes, I am.
First of all, I can speak objectively concerning Jimmy Johnson things because I just moved out here from Indianapolis a couple of months ago. Yes, sir.
And once the game and my heart's still with India, but I'm only eventually convert to a dolphin fan. I'm sure now being a resident here. But what I'd like to say is this.
First of all, the dolphins won the game yesterday in spite of Jimmy Johnson. Not because of him. I coached with any brain and a quarterback like Demarino wouldn't but the line four times in a row and get stopped every time without even changing his call.
I mean, that's idiocy instead of good coaching. So the dolphins won the game because or in spite of Johnson. Not because of him. He deserves no credit. And for him to to bad mouth a quarterback like Demarino, Dan don't need any inspiration from Jimmy Johnson.
I knew that some of these jerks today will be putting that spin on it. Oh, yeah. He lit a fire under my last week with those comments and look what he did yesterday.
He didn't have the most ridiculous thing I ever heard. He didn't have nothing. And if he was to talk to Peyton Manning, I'm sure he'd tell you he was beaten by a much greater quarterback, not by much greater coach. I'm so really correct.
And another thing I'd like to make one final comment. Yes, sir. And as a little excuse for Jimmy, there's more horses as this world and other horses to go on. And Jimmy just one of these loose horses as is that they've found the horse to attack himself.
There are well said, sir. I couldn't say that better myself and and and and and and Neil keep up the good work. You're one of the few guys that tell things like the lack of he is instead of how you'd want them to be and you face reality God bless and I'll keep watching your show and pray for me. Okay. See, keep watching it. I got my eye on it.
5 6 7 0 5 60. How's Miguel doing? Palm 5 60 on the AT&T line. I got all these people walking up and down all it's fascinating sitting here with that door open.
They're just people walking back and forth. They're not doing anything. Just walking back and forth to see if I'll notice them.
They hold a piece of paper so it looks like they're taking something. By the way, who's that kid from Power 96? The one that's not doing that thing between the periods of the Panther games that real described.
He's indescribable. Not a receptionist. Don't know. Not Carlos. He's also indescribable.
No, don't quit your day job. Okay. I mean, I don't want you to take offense at that. But don't quit your day job.
Anyway, let's go to a mobile in Miami. Hello. Neil, good afternoon.
Yeah. From Miami Florida. I have the latest coupon was bond bun.
The director from those bomb on set live on channel 51 that will be key to you know and failure clues saying with those bond bun down here in Miami.
All the fans are going crazy. They're asking wouldn't you know for a press conference. You'll be hearing it soon.
So you heard it here first on WQM on the Neil Rogers show.
All right. Anybody know what he said? No, but thank you so much. Muchness crosses.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on it. Let's bond. Let's bond. We all are excited about those bond. I don't care if I ever hear about them again. Okay.
Go play in San Jose. Everybody leave us alone. Stop butchering this pound. Stop destroying us with your ethnic hysteria.
39 years of hysteria. 40 freaking years now of the same boring tired dull note.
And always sounds the same.
I got all mighty. I'd get reflagged either that or the heat in here. I think that's more like it.
I'm used to the other crap. But the great for your sciences of no way does not I've got a I've got a screen.
I don't want to start paying martyr here because I got a job to do and I got that paycheck in my pocket.
Even though the banks are close today. That's going Greg. You see let me tell you how real company works.
I'm not talking about here. I'm talking about a real company. See they have this game here. Payday is the 10th and 25th.
If the 10th is on a Saturday, you can check on on the Friday preceding. But if the 10th is on a Sunday, then you get on the Monday, which is really the 11th, which means you get paid late.
Of course, he would tell you, oh, when you were getting really paid early because you're getting paid from the first of the 15th semester, they even wrote it on my check this time.
So I'm supposed to be grateful. Just like Jimmy Johnson ought to be kissing Dan Marinos as they ought to kiss me on a yes every day when I come in here.
Or I'll appointed designated kisser because I sure as hello. Nothing near his lips. I'll appointed designated kisser who can be waiting to kiss my ass when I show up here every goddamn day.
No, but I'm supposed to be grateful that they're actually coming up with a check.
But as I started to say, if it's a real company, they know the banks are closed today. So they give you the check on Friday so you can do your bank it like I mentioned, which I couldn't have done anyway because I was leaving there to go to the airport.
But just it would have been a nice gesture on their part, which they're not interested in. I just they're interested in being desperate and scrambling around to try to cover the checks and cover their ass because they're being big shots with John Henry and Wayne, I think.
So that Greg read could be a sports. Well, I'll tell you what thing Greg you're a big shot now, baby.
He's on the national wire services. He's got a Howard making a mockery out of course I was doing that like two weeks ago when his whole thing came down.
And then he makes that brilliant comment. Please don't talk to the people in the media again. Greg, ever please. I'm we're all begging you don't do it.
Some of the money raised at the golf tournament went to OJ related expenses. What kind of a even if it's true even if it's true just if not lying when you don't say anything. Not that he would ever lie of course.
You know what I'm saying just say nothing. That's our best advice to our general manager when in doubt say nothing. Please.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey Neil you had enough of those blamblams. Yeah, those bam bam.
The temple is a bam bam. Blamblam. Why did you know that? I just panicked. How do you like that? Yes, sir. I listened real quick. I wanted to recommend a book to you. Yes. Getting out of all this thing about blamblams and reno. Yes. It's called a gut father legacy.
I got it. Oh, you got. Oh, okay. Well, I was impressed with all the details they got in here that you know it's not in the movie and especially that Michael Coriel family.
Right. Right. And part two. Right. Unbelievable. All the things we get in there in the DC.
The only family and only family tree. I ever saw that. A bunch of people hanging from it. Exactly. Exactly. Oh, yeah. That's great that you have it. And I really enjoyed reading this book. If anybody else can get all of it.
I'm really going to have it. You enjoy. Okay. And have a great life. All right.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound. Let's see how line four is doing by the way.
Sorry. You're close. And I think you'll see a little style. It's wrong.
Listen. Close. Yeah. One thing that I really respect our program director for you know see most guys.
If we had all these different problems going out the same time the center one TV's all screwed up and the phones all falling apart and just all of these things.
Most guys would just go ahead and take their vacation days anyway you know.
Oh, he did. He did just bail out of here when all the stuff is going on.
And you know we're trying to get this 800 number nailed down so we can finally you know get them get it in here.
If we live long enough instead of the stalling routine I keep the stone walling that goes on here.
See, there really is a very sad situation because like I've told you many times before I know I'm repeating myself but I enjoy doing it because it's true.
The people that really where you know the morning guys here yours truly, Hank in the afternoon, 6 a.m. to 6 p.m.
And of course the underlings that run around here like George and a whole bunch of other people.
We're the ones that make this place tick.
We're the ones that are keeping their head above water so that they can play these little games.
Of boosting Greg's ego being Mr Sports Big Shot but it pains some of us greatly, greatly.
That we have to scramble and scrape to survive because we have to stuff all of this money into John Henry's pocket.
I mean, Wayne with the Dolphin, I'm sure we probably make money. Well, in fact I know we must make money.
I'm listening, coming back from the airport yesterday. I have never in my life the extra point is sponsored on our Dolphin broadcast.
Zimper says this extra point is brought to you by whoever it was. Yeah, this kickoff is brought to you by.
Oh look at that, Danny just scratched his crotch. This crotch adjustment is brought to you by.
And then we can have one of those lymphophenus spots on there, you know.
Everything, the kickoff, everything's because we got to pay all that money to have the rights to put this wonderful stuff on the air.
Of course yesterday's game was on television, wasn't it? Oh, so maybe there were a few of us in our cars like yours truly that heard most of the fourth quarter on the radio.
Nice going there by the way Zimper. About time you pushed up a little bit.
That must be crazy. I must be nuts.
You've got a lot of parts that you're rich.
Yeah, wait.
I think you suck you son of a bitch.
Yeah, wait.
You made a lot of money by ripping off a spate full of offense.
I think it's true that way down deep you'll always be a garbage man.
And now the marlins are in my place.
Wait.
I'd like to point you right in the face.
All right, wait.
A lot of people want a bum and at the mention of your name.
You take good teams and prove with it.
And I know just why you do fit it.
We always get us growing with ways.
You really put us down in a dumps swing.
You play the song for Major League Chumster's swing.
You're gonna sell the marlins and you will collect the polychairs.
It's kind of strange that now somebody else is picking up your trash.
Your bald and cock-munk head should be safe.
Swing.
Oh, I'd like to give you a rest so they kick me.
Let go.
Swing.
Your nasty brown shirt ownership doesn't show the lack of brain.
I don't care what you buy yourself.
Your way of doing business melt.
I wish that you would go the hell way.
Pay way high, pay way good.
Screw you.
All right.
132 at 560 WDQM.
Pull tax for stadium has got few fans.
Okay, Casey, Mr. Smith, yesterday's scum sentinel.
81% said no.
They're not paying no money for a goddamn stadium for this millionaire John Henry by way of Wayne Haapingga.
62% said no.
Even if they just put a tax on hotel rooms, no more money for millionaires, okay, and billionaires to build them play toys.
Of course, they also don't want to pay any money for schools, but they didn't take that poll yet.
56070560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's the lady in Miami Lake.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, I went to a concert this weekend on Saturday.
Yes.
It was the most frightening thing I've ever seen in my life.
You went to Los Bonbon?
Yes, I did.
I went with my lesbian mother.
Oh my god.
Yeah.
And let me tell you, we thought we could get jiggy with it, outside on the stairs, but people were trying to thawdals.
They were trying to deal those.
It was unbelievable.
It was really scary.
They were throwing dildos?
They were throwing dildos.
You should have taken some.
I really need one.
I mean, you probably got a pretty good collection already.
Yeah, I do.
Uh-huh.
And that, well, anyway.
Yeah.
It was scary.
Why the hell would you go in the middle of a, uh, when you knew it was going to be a nightmare?
Well, that kind of music really turns us on.
Mm-hmm.
A lot of gay people like that music.
They do?
Yeah, they do.
Uh-huh.
That's all maybe that's what it was all about.
Maybe they didn't have anything to do with the castor.
Maybe it was a medical thing.
I think it was.
Uh-huh.
I mean, it's the kind that just makes you want to stick your tongue out.
You're going to get sticky with it.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
Okay, well, say how to wheelsmith, okay?
Fake call.
56670560, 0.560 on the AT&T line.
Well, I just want to see how far she could stretch it, so to speak.
She's getting jiggy with it.
She's getting jiggy with it.
Ehhhh.
Oh, God.
You and your lesbian lover.
I think your lesbian lover is running that place over a queer channel last time I checked.
Here's the cruel gables.
Hello.
Hi, hi, Neil.
This is Stefano.
Uh-huh.
Yes, I love your show.
I love your voice.
Yeah, it's okay, Stefano.
And I have a nice time on Days of Our Lives, too, Stefano.
56670560, we got all of a sudden here.
5,000 empty lines, all the retard, all the people in this room.
And I want to say something to them.
Let I got a spare moment here.
See, the biggest problem in this town in Dade County isn't the old crazy Cuban,
because we all know where they're coming from and how they're going to react.
It's predictable as the weather within North Pole.
The problem is all the rest, the younger Cubans, who either are intimidated,
who got nothing to say, they sit back and they watch it.
And most of them obviously don't agree with it, because they take polls on this stuff.
But the fact is, they silently sit back and they let a small handful of crazy people
set this very grotesque and ugly stereotype.
And they're not going to say anything, because I've been trying to get them to speak for years.
They got nothing to say.
You're the problem.
Not the old crazy people.
You're the problem because I don't know what it is that they're into.
I don't know what it is that their lives are all about.
But a tourist house has got nothing to do with embarrassment factor, I guess.
Maybe they're like those of us here at Work at QAM.
Our embarrassment quotient doesn't exist.
I mean, it's infinity.
You know, when you come to work here, you've got to accept that.
I was lying forward to them, by the way.
Here's a mobile in Boca.
Hello.
Mobile in Boca.
Okay, long gone.
North Miami Beach.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Okay.
I've been good day so far.
Yes, sir.
Anyway, listen, I've been listening to your show and I'm one year more normal.
I'm a professional.
Yeah, it sounds real normal to me.
Thank you very much.
About the Miami dolphins, these fans are not real sports fans.
And this is not a real sports town.
Okay, thank you.
5670560, pound 56 on the AT&T line.
Here's a mobile in Pepper Pines.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
All right.
Hey, I say Jesse DeBloy, the driver, God damn president.
All right.
That's what I say.
That's what I say.
I'm going to vote 400 times for him.
I think I'll tell you what.
I'd run his damn campaign down here for him if he let me.
We're all arrested.
Okay, thank you.
5670560, pound 56 on the AT&T line.
Cooper City.
Hello.
Hey, how's the phone going?
Bad phone, call me back.
I tell you one thing between the phones coming in and the phones going out.
I think we're generally out of business here at QAM.
I think it's history, baby.
It is history.
Kendall, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, man, the phone went to him in horrible.
I've been trying to get through for the longest time.
It's been busy.
Yeah, I'm all we had a lot of calls.
And of course, we got 600 lines.
It don't work.
But anyway.
Neil, did you get my facts about the girl getting suspended?
Yes, sir.
I got the 17 copies of the facts that you sent.
And the fact that I didn't read it on the year now has obviously prodded you into calling.
And if I would have cared about it, I would have read it on the year in the first place,
which I can't verify it anyway.
See, I don't read things like that on the year that have names of schools and people's names.
I don't do that because you can make up any kind of crap you want.
So you can keep faxing it and wasting your time and wasting our facts paper.
But I'm still not going to read it.
How do you like that?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I'm going to tell you something.
You people at Bell South.
Alexander Graham Bell is rolling in his grave.
He's embarrassed by your incompetence, by your ineptitude, by your just general.
I mean, is there a big storm going on today?
No.
Is there like the end of the world?
No.
Oh, look at that.
Are they all working now?
Hey, now that we're eating at home, the four lines all work.
I bet you two o'clock, especially since thanks going to be doing a show out at Shulas,
out of the building, I bet they get the AC working at two o'clock.
Oh, yes.
But I also bet that I might be homesick from this tomorrow.
This is 5.60, QAM.
Hurricane, in blow.
What's that?
He just blown every eastern channel plane.
He's so rich that he can't help being things.
And it's all by now.
He's so full of gas.
And we all know.
I don't think I can't but no clap my hands.
You might say little dot or two in well.
On the yacht, I see old man hoax there.
Isn't such old disease.
It's all coming back by the big wave.
Trump has got cash but no clap, clap, clap.
Trump has got cash but no clap, clap, clap.
Trump has got cash but no clap, clap, clap, clap.
Trump has got cash but no clap, clap, clap, clap.
I think that's the second of that mistake there.
Maybe just once there's money.
I don't know if that's all about Donald Trump.
16 till two at 5.60.
Two bad people can't understand what they're saying on somebody's lines that are all screwed up.
5.607.0560.
Pomp 5.60.
That must have been Jimmy's boyfriend calling and you think so?
I thought it would have liked it to me for that voice before.
I thought it would have liked it to be a mob fool.
Here's a mobile in Pomp and O'Hillow.
Hey, Neil.
Yes sir.
Hey, I know you heard enough about that.
The whole theater work episode but you know Bobby Bowden kind of plays the role.
Why would he even be discussing that anymore?
Well because if he was on a sidelines we're in gold chain
and earrings.
Yeah.
I mean as to-
Well maybe he could be a deal for those.
I mean work for Hyde men.
That's what I say.
Yeah, okay.
Thanks.
More sports there.
The sports show is starting in at two o'clock.
Okay.
Start with your sports crap after two and a half hours here.
Save me the pain.
Makes my- makes my gums ache.
Hearing this crap.
Here's Hyalia.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes sir.
Yeah, first time calling.
Uh huh.
Here's Cooper City.
Hello.
Yeah, my phone's working better now.
Okay.
Hey, I got to agree with you.
You know, uh first thing is, well we got to talk about the dolphins win now all week with these sports athletes.
I'm not.
No, I'm just saying, you know what all these shows?
They bash him for a week when they lose.
I hear listen, these people have got no credibility.
I've been telling you about that for the sports and-
and to turn on this morning and they're all like, oh, believe me it's like nothing happened.
Right.
Like, nobody's sending in this crap.
You can't sweep it under the carpet or all the time or it's isn't that bad.
And how about Jimmy?
The best- I think I heard the little douchebag dogs say something or one of the best apologies I was going to get it because he at least he said, well maybe I said the wrong thing.
I mean, come on.
Maybe I said the wrong thing.
Something like that.
I couldn't hear what his press conference was yesterday, but he basically almost said he was sorry for saying something.
I think I know what he said.
Yeah.
Yeah, I think he said, didn't I do a great job?
Yeah, Jimmy.
You know, he can't- he's playing with his beeper on the sidelines.
He's playing with it all right.
He's a silly person.
Hey, the Panthers look pretty good, you know, Saturday night.
I thought- I mean, you see anybody that knows your weight, I don't care less, but they came back.
I mean, yeah.
Right. That's what I said.
What's wrong with that against Detroit?
They're on the feet.
They're on beaten.
They got five points in three-and-a-half and these people are still belly-
Oh, Chris Will.
You know, I mean, this town is so goddamn negative, it's a miracle we can survive it.
The problem is, is Chris Will, they sign them, we're stuck with them.
They aren't going to force feed them down, you know, up our rectum.
I don't pay any attention to him, okay?
I go out there and look for the good stuff.
I don't even see him.
I'll tell you what though, I got that little dish and watching this rest of those hockey games.
Oh my god.
That's a way to go.
Okay pal.
Wait a minute before you go.
In closing.
In closing.
Jimmy Johnson's a douchebag.
Oh!
Here's a call in the keys.
Hello.
Oh, I thought you weren't doing the douchebag thing anymore.
No, no, we're not pleased.
You didn't ask because he can't call somebody.
Hey, can I call Jimmy Johnson a douchebag, yes.
In that case, we make an exception.
Anybody else want to call him a douchebag?
I'll call him a douchebag.
Uh-huh.
Go ahead, I'm sorry.
Uh, that's okay.
Stan, was wondering, uh, you spoke at the beginning of the program about, uh, world over
population.
Yes.
And they got lost.
I wonder why nobody called in a diamond area.
Well, you wonder why nobody called in about a, what, what do I ever talk about that they do call
in a bus?
I read the Jesse Ventura about 80% of the interview from Playboy, which I'm scripted in here
from the heat.
I read it.
I talked about that article.
They never comment.
I've been doing this show for 100 years and a half.
They never have anything to comment about.
They're, what are they calling about?
About Janine, Danny and Jimmy and Jimmy and Danny and about Peter Warwick, paid retail
for some joy.
It's really important.
Right.
These are the things that are important to these longheads here.
Well, I, I do appreciate it.
And, uh, it looks like I said before, I do the show for the listeners, not for the
callers.
Believe me.
Trust me when I tell you.
I, um, uh, you made me lose my train.
Well, I think that, that's a pretty good point.
Have it or well, like, no wait a second.
Yeah.
Well, the guy is a great book.
Did you ever read Esch Mill?
No.
By Daniel Quinn.
No more comprehensive.
I wish you'd read it and maybe share your thoughts on it.
It's a book.
I just did it often.
Read it again.
It really is good.
Okay, I'll pray for you.
Have a good thing.
Goodbye, please.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
Any word on that?
800 line yet?
No.
When are they going to bring us the selection of numbers that we can approve so that
I can hold you as far as I know that part is on it.
It is not was not in the memo from our program director before he went on his bus mentality.
It said that they're going to bring us to ones the phone company is researching and find
out which ones are available.
And then I got to pick out which one we want and then it's going to be another 500 years
from circus after that until they're just stalling and stalling and stalling and stone
walling even on Christopher Street in New York.
They never stone wall like this.
Yeah, I saw our engineer why we're waddled on the hall right.
The phones are not working.
The AC is not working.
We can have the cable ain't in.
Nothing.
Nothing is working in this goddamn joint except the paid help.
Not that I'm belly aching you understand.
I'm just venting a little bit.
6 billion people in the world.
You think there'd be one of them who can fix a guy in their conditioner.
6 billion fricking people.
Can we find one?
I'm going to find out the name of these air conditioning people by the way that are doing
this building.
I'm going to put it on the year tomorrow.
I may do a whole four hours on them.
Oh, they're on the way.
They're on the way.
They're on the way from San Jose, I think.
I think you're on a slow boat from China is where they're from.
Maybe they're coming on one of those banana boats and they had a way to pick up some
more illegal aliens so they could all wash up on shore together.
Maybe that's it.
Yeah, I think so.
They could have put in a whole guy.
They knew air conditioning unit less time than this because now the morning guys they
had a problem and here it was hot but not this room here.
I get the jackpot.
See this is practice for hell.
I think you got a good point about that.
They all know I'm going to burn in hell so this is a little bit of practice makes perfect.
In practice coming to work at QAM I think was good practice for hell.
10 before 2 at 560.
This is 560 QAM.
