Sport Radio 560 W2AM Miami Port Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
To talk to Neil called 567-0560 toll-free for date and Brad or pound 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the floor,
does not necessarily reflect those of WQAM easily read additions or the beastly broadcast group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sport Radio 560 TV AM.
Anybody have a heart or a liver?
No.
All right.
Or Grab Mashed or even Neil Young.
Street, you're there for a bell, don't drink like hell.
It'll surely go bad.
Oh, please, just keep it clean.
It can't be speaking.
You'll need a donor.
Don't you ever party hard if you do you could die or just wait enough of life.
It is so hot.
I gave this cross the heat some life.
That's the sad part of it.
Good people dying admissible.
No good piece of crap.
David Crosby is still alive.
Well, it goes to show you the Lord works in mysterious ways.
Don't you?
So it's 1002 at 560 WDQM.
Boy, that was sure a fast weekend.
Wasn't it?
Man, it just flew right on by.
Can we have a weekend this way?
No.
No, I don't think so.
I think we just passed.
It is spring by the way.
It got some real, real interesting news.
This could be good news or bad news depending.
This overhead blows by the way, George.
I'm starting to really like the new studio.
It's by the way.
And I want to say that too loudly.
And also this is V-Day before I get into this whole thing about spring and
everybody's on a way out of town.
Yeah, you know that once the season, it just keeps getting shorter and shorter.
You know what I'm saying?
Like as you get older, certain other things keep getting shorter and shorter
contract.
They should revolve up into your body.
And the so-called season down here, which used to run like from, oh, you know,
like at the latest Thanksgiving until in the May sometime in May.
Now it runs from like maybe if we're lucky Christmas time until soon as
it's pasted on Eastercom and issued out of here like they're shot from a cannon.
It's almost over with.
Which we're not, not that we're complaining.
You see that it's a blessing in one side because all the pain in the ass tourist,
all the frogs, they're going away, all the heavy-duty traffic, all the land of the
lost.
We got enough bad drivers down here already without that crap, okay?
So that part of it, they were on the way out.
So it's just going to be us.
It's going to be like from the first of April all the way through till what is it?
Again, December?
Just like last summer.
Now I'm used to that.
You know, we can just throw the phone on the floor, forget about that.
Although if we can get one call now, what can anybody give us a spy report?
Is Henry Barrow still on the ear?
Do we have any?
No.
This morning I was flipping around on my dial desperately.
I mean, searching, desperately searching.
Remember that song, desperately searching for something?
On A.M.?
Well, I mean, I don't want to hear about the, you know, the sports crap.
Jesus Christ.
The only sport we care about in this show is wrestling.
Oh!
Got a great thanks about that, too, by the way.
And guys, you're not fooling anybody anymore.
I talked to a whole bunch of people about that over the weekend.
They all said, you're right, 95% or more.
I remember you guys, you know, 95% of them.
I'm sure the guys in that picture are straight as an arrow.
But other than them, what?
Now maybe four or five other guys that I was talking about last Friday?
College wrestlers?
No, almost no straight.
See these guys are just confused.
You know, they just get sucked into it.
And then, you know, then eventually they say, oh, wait a minute.
There's something wrong going on here.
And they get out of it.
Get out of it before it's too late.
The other guys are like, you know, they want to grab your wrestling.
Any guy that wants to grab your thing, he's a faggot.
Take, trust me.
I'm telling you right now, that's nothing complicated.
Why do we have people calling in debating that here on Thursday and Friday?
No, seriously, what is it about on that?
So flip it around a radio this morning.
Oh, I'll get back to the thing about the cleansing your liver.
This is cleansing your liver month earlier on your show.
And any of our sales holes, by the way,
I think they're bringing any food in here that I'm going to eat between now and like the end of April.
Forget it.
Blow it out your ass.
Give it to Fat Boy.
And by the way, Fat Boy, we don't want to see anymore.
What are you coming here for this morning?
With that red face.
You know what's that?
He's getting real red in the face.
I think just before the end, they get real.
You know, anybody who's that fat just before they're about ready to stick him in the big piano case.
Is when they start getting real red in the pus.
Have you ever seen anybody get real red in the pus?
That's the time to stick him in the box.
But at any rate, we don't want to see him anymore.
I'll tell him what I'm talking about.
Oh, about the flipping around this morning.
And I'm looking for Henry Abyroon here to see if that show is still on.
And whether Mark Benson, the anxious one, is on with him.
I didn't hear anybody.
I heard with some awful, syrupy, sandy, Peyton promo.
And a couple of make-believe spots for some witch doctors.
And they're segwaying all this garbage music.
Johnny, mattress, and some other really grotesque stuff.
Then I punched over to J&A and I heard Ugu Boogar-Reniri.
All by him, and he's lo and sum.
Just muah, as he said.
And you know, it was what you'd expect.
I wish y'all luck in the world, Mike, you'll need it.
Now he deserves better.
He's been screw over badly.
And I'm scouring that A.M. dial.
Then I heard Mr. Ego for about three seconds talking about he's going to turn 60 years old any day now.
And that's going to be said, there's a man if he should live so long when he's 90.
It'll be just like Jerry Williams, who'll have to die on the air.
Seriously.
Of course, Walt Sabre of Scoogey are in the back so we can't die on here because they took him off before that happens.
But why would anybody want to do that?
Why do people do that?
In fact, wouldn't it have been great if you lay a kazan?
And by the way, his name isn't Ilya.
Even though he-
Years ago it was Ilya.
It's kind of like Tony Dorset, Tony Dorset.
Which way do we pronounce it this week, depending on the artist formerly known as Ilya kazan?
The backstab were formerly known as that piece of crap.
And I didn't watch any of the Oscars last night.
But this morning, you see that's a good part about the Oscars.
It lasted four hours and two minutes.
You don't have to watch any of it, especially if you didn't see any of those movies anyway.
So what's the point, you know?
You watch in the morning like on the Today Show this morning, which I never ever watched,
because I can't stay any of the one of them.
Is it Katie Kirk that's on there?
And Matt Lauer?
Oh, God, two of my least favorite.
And this morning they got that fat-based Rosio-Dombo bitch on there.
You know, I'm going to tell you something when you're as gross as she is.
And you go on TV with no makeup on.
She had no makeup.
She looked like they just rolled her fat, porky ass out of the sack.
That should be illegal, especially early in the morning.
So anyway, they replayed the whole goddamn thing just about.
They went back air-regard, damn applause.
Everybody that farted in the audience.
And then the thing about Ilya kazan, who turned in all those comedy pinko-backstarts.
He said, well, I don't think so.
And then they made him an offer he couldn't refuse.
He said, OK, here's the names.
And some of the people got up and applauded.
And then of course that George Hamilton, there's a piece of crap.
You know something Godfather 3, he's the one that he should have got.
Not the Don Luccazi.
I mean, you know, he at least, you know, never stole a freight train.
Still everything else.
But George Hamilton, there's the one he should have stuck the glasses to his goddamn neck.
Or something.
Piece of crap.
He was the one.
And all of a sudden, a whole bunch of other ones, they're standing with N. Jim Carey.
You know, silly goose.
And Nick Noltey and about 50 other people sat there with a grim look on their face.
Yeah, well, what's the point?
In fact, why do they even waste their time with the whole thing?
What was the guy's name?
Roberto Benini, the Italian.
The one three Oscars last night.
Do you know who that is?
No.
Do I know who that is?
No.
Three Oscars he wanted to see him.
In fact, they should have given him a special Oscar for gymnastics.
He would jump it over the chairs.
He would hop it over people's ass.
High-fiving with himself.
This guy would out of...
Oh, my English hate so good.
He's not about to be...
But about...
Yeah.
And go back where he came from.
Okay, they won't take you back over there.
Go back to the old country.
Roberto Benini.
Maybe he's kind of a Roberto Basio.
So I didn't see it, but I'm sure we'll get a caller too on it.
We may get a caller too this week.
But my point being that it's really...
Oh, we're in the dog days now, baby.
Here's our...
This is going to be our call today.
Hello.
Mobile in Voka.
Hello.
Mobile in Voka.
I give you something else to talk about.
Besides the Oscars today?
Yes.
I got a lot of other stuff.
Let's go ahead.
Okay.
Well, you know what they're doing with Jack Cavorkian today.
Let's put him on trial for that murder.
For what murder?
He didn't murder nobody.
That's right.
Well, you know something.
He just helped him along the way.
That's all.
Oregon, Washington, Michigan has assisted suicide laws, right?
Yeah.
We need it in Florida.
Big time.
And you're never going to spend a lot of my spare time
if we get it going out in the system.
We already have assisted suicide laws here in Florida.
Neil.
Yeah.
They nailed license renewal to people who are 80 years old.
Right.
That's assisted suicide.
Right.
You can't see, sir.
You can't hear.
Get back down to the highway.
Oh.
Right.
It's a car.
Okay.
Listen.
If they kick his ass out of Michigan, we're bringing them down here.
I'm going to send them the airfare.
Oh, and by the way, Duff, if you don't pick out your desk today,
the offer is withdrawn.
Okay.
Stop being a pussy.
I'm buying you a beautiful desk.
If you want to sit in there like a little child with a little infant-tiled desk,
be my guest with a little folding chair that you pretend to be a desk.
If you want to get a nice desk from our friend, Joe Rosoli,
over it, what is it?
Rock office supply.
I'll be more than happy.
But today is it.
It's a limited time offer because you're too much of a pussy for me.
Why don't you go back to Canada, you two bastards?
And now here's Timmy Dean, founder of Timmy Dean Pork Sausage,
with a few words about new Timmy Dean Vagal sandwiches.
Hello, I'm Timmy Dean.
You know, if someone had drove me 25 years ago that I'd be making bagels,
I'd have said, huh?
That's Jew food, isn't it?
But times have changed, and I guess I've got to change with them.
But I don't have to like it.
You people want your bagels, I'll give you your bagels.
Well, the bagel greases slab of Timmy Dean Pork Sausage on it.
New Timmy Dean, non-coachier bagel sandwiches.
If you're Jewish, you can buy them.
You just can eat them.
Oh, what?
You're being bagel sandwiches.
There's a little bit of bigot in everybody.
15 to 560 WQM, so I'm leaving here on Friday driving on to your Hershey Highway
to the airport.
And I hear George talking about the Scientologist.
Going to get us in a lot of trouble, George.
The week here?
No.
No.
But anyway, Tim, it was an interesting call that you got from the guy
who was like one of their former Dicks.
Right.
He was a private dick for the Scientologists,
and he's like, you know, left the organization along with a lot of others.
They got like 85 different websites.
People that have gotten out of that scam and are exposing them for the fakers and shakers
and terrorists that they really are and killers, like most religions.
But at any rate.
And I thought, are we talking about, is there any time you get on for like 20 minutes?
Here he goes with that religion again, religion again.
Jesus Christ, which reminds me a couple of weeks ago, I met the hockey game before the game.
And all these nice people always come over and say hi, you know, before the game.
Some not so nice.
And there's a young guy from my lives in Key West with there with his father.
I see about 20 young blonde guy.
I give him about a 25 on a scale of 10.
Good looking guy.
No, seriously, nice guy.
And he says, I love your show.
I listen every day.
But when you start with that religious stuff, I turn it off because it's boring.
Now, you don't think that just because some young good looking guy comes over to me and says,
you don't want to hear about religion, I'm going to stop talking about it.
Do you?
Uh-huh.
Oh, well, huh?
Do you?
Do you think I'm that easy?
So anyway, I'm going to, I do have some religious stuff today, whether.
Oh, it's great.
And by the way, I talk, I apologize.
See, this isn't the Oprah show.
I don't recommend garbage books like that fat bitch.
I was thinking coming to work this morning, you know, but it liked with Rosie O'Donnell.
The crap that women watch in America.
That should tell you about them.
Maybe it's all the years of being repressed, repressed.
All those sexism in this country that's gone on so long.
And then being dominated by bull dikes, you know, pretending to be a woman's livers.
But the women in this country, 80% of them totally screwed up.
I mean, their taste is in their touch, which makes guys like George Lucky, by the way, but nevertheless.
I mean, just pathetic.
The crap that they watch.
But Oprah, you know, in fact, you go into a bookstore now.
They've got a special section recommended by Oprah.
Every major bookstore has got, you know, that crap.
So you immediately run away from that because you know, if it's recommended by Oprah, it's guaranteed to be crap beyond a shadow of it up.
But I was talking about the Conan and book.
There's nobody in this audience that cares about that.
I've noticed that about Conan and Versace and all that stuff.
It only happened part of it right here in town.
The whole town was mesmerized for a week's on end.
But nobody cares. That's all right. It's a fact thing.
But I recommended that book by Margaret Orth.
Because that was the only one I knew that was out.
And I should have known when I got to that part where she couldn't figure out about the glory hole that that's not the book that you know straight people you can read that book.
Okay. Because you're as naive as you.
You're cool as like she is.
So that's good for all you straight assholes out there.
But for us Queens, there's a book that I picked up over the weekend called three month fever, the end who Conan and strayed by Gary Indiana.
Who's even better than boy Gary Otis.
And if you look in the picture in the back before you, if you don't know who Gary Indiana is, take a look at her.
I mean him.
Whoo. But what a writer. Great writer. Unbelievable.
And here's the real story. And by the way, one more lie from the Miami Beach police.
And I released from the media anyway.
Remember when they were searching the house both that night.
I was at the track with that rich that night.
I was during my seven month hiatus. I was off here.
And they had been following the story very closely.
And so anyway, we're at the track and we're watching the whole thing unfold on news channels and channel seven.
And then they come out of there breathlessly.
There was nobody inside.
After all I crap.
Remember the first reports are with nobody inside.
So I get home and I turn it on and I they're talking about the body.
The bottom thing. What body?
And then come to find out they find a body and they run a bed upstairs.
Well, there was all the tear gas in it.
Then the story was all the reason there was a confusion in the communication and also the fact that they couldn't identify right away because he blew his face off.
Guess what?
Another lie in this book.
You know, you don't have to. This isn't really a gory picture.
Would you say not that great? Not that much blood on it.
He looks just like Sam, our promotions band by the way.
You know, think so. He looks just like Sam, the sham.
Oh God. Wow.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Not that I wish anything bad on Sam.
Here it says police examine Conan and his body and houseboat bedroom.
And there he is, dead or then crap.
And he's got, you know, like blood on his chin and on his chest there.
And a little bit of blood spatter on the headboard of the bed.
And here's this lady police broadsheets, whatever she dig and crap out under his fingernails, whatever she's doing.
And there he is in a chin, you know, I mean, so another lie.
But this book is sensational and there's some really forgetting about the subject matter.
There's some great stuff about religion here.
And the more every time I read a book that's written by somebody that's, you know, knows what the hell he's talking about.
I sit there and I ask myself, how could anybody believe any of this crap?
You know, how could anybody with a brain believe any of this crap?
That's the reason I talk about it because it just, somebody somewhere has to.
Now this one today, this morning they had some broad on there, some comedian.
I don't even know who else she was, but she was good.
She was saying to a Katie Kurt, oh, stop kissing ass already.
Want your rip somebody for once in your life.
It was great. You know, Katie was sitting there.
Oh, it's so, so it looks so wonderful in her beautiful pink dress.
Yeah, right. Great.
You know, rip somebody open up a mouth and say something instead.
Just be an ass kiss.
We already got Larry King.
He covers the territory for the whole world.
You don't need one more ass kisser beside Larry.
You know what I'm talking about?
Any more ass kissing in this world.
That was Friday.
Anyway, in this, I'm just going to read a couple of passages from this book speaking of religion.
This is beautiful stuff, by the way, very well put.
Talks about Conan and going to a Philippines to visit daddy who had fled the country and kind of like, you know, went back to the NNB.
Land.
It's just over there in the Philippines, they had what Andrew called Catholicism super unleaded and infectious blurring a faith in the everyday drama.
Mass sightings of the Virgin weekly episode of Stig Mata and Holy Water Cancer Cures.
Every capsized fairy in Typhoon was laid out in the book of Revelation.
This plan is a turd in a toilet bowl.
You turd.
I love it.
What the alliteration?
Isn't that beautiful?
But here's good stuff.
This is a listen very carefully or not.
Better turn it off if you're one of those people I can't handle the truth.
It says,
Conan and suspected that having Seaman licked off his balls involved him in some type of mortal sin.
And just to be safe, he confessed it to the following Saturday using the formula, the priest at St. Rose of Lima seemed to prefer alluding to an impured deed and letting the priest in for a whole life.
And he meant touching himself.
The priest did often ask you if you've done this with a friend, whispered a few phrases about the dangers of impurity if you said yes.
Really the same phrases they said if you said no in a graver tone of voice, how displeasing impurity was to our Lord, and how it gave more pain to Jesus and added more weight to his cross.
God, that thing's got to be getting heavy by now, you know.
Most intense pleasures and even many mild ones were said to drive the spikes deeper into Jesus palms and feet.
Disquee the crown of thorns deeper into his forehead.
In this instance, Andrew was fine 30 Hail Mary's in 10 R 5, this is a given absolution.
30 was a lot. Anything where your banana came into it brought a miserable number of prayers into your penance.
And of course you had to kneel down and say them right then in a pew, picturing Christ getting triage and paradise valley emergency room for the trauma you'd given him.
Because you might walk out of church and get killed by a truck.
If you had an incomplete penance, your soul went to purgatory for hundreds and hundreds of years, a drop in a bucket of eternity, but really a long time for you.
Purgatory was almost the same as hell only temporary, yet supposedly preferable to limbo where unbaptized souls went.
In limbo, they got most of the benefits of heaven, but were forever denied the ecstasy of seeing God.
Andrew felt the first little chink in his armor of faith over justice issue, for we couldn't conceive that seeing God in love itself would be such an amazing pleasure.
That was worth burning in purgatory for a thousand years, whose souls in limbo immediately enjoyed a fairly lavish existence after that.
That they went on forever without getting worse.
Unbelievable. The best, the greatest, the most beautiful stuff I've rated a long time by Gary Indiana, that's so liquid.
What beautiful stuff.
And that's the first time that I've ever heard of that.
Is that every time you commit some kind of a sin, everybody this is.
Every cat lick that it drives the nails deeper in a Jeep, those wounds are going to know the way that that crossed my God.
He may hit the ground and he said, oh, look out.
He just hit it.
He couldn't keep it up in the cross either.
And there are people out there that believe this craft.
Now the interesting part I find about that is the part about the, see, I know about purgatory because I'm sure that I'm going to be there just before I hit the lake of fire.
But limbo, the only limbo I knew was the limbo rock, which I think is what you do on the stall there in order to stick your
underneath to make Margaret orth happy.
Yeah. Isn't that what you do the limbo rock?
Yeah, yeah.
I mean, how else you stick your all the goddamn stall, Margaret?
I was in there taking a leak in our men's room down here before I came in here this morning.
And I looked at the, I didn't go in there, but I just looked.
We got a twin hole or a there, you know, two cedar.
And I looked at where that stall comes down to just inches off the bottom of the floor.
And I thought to myself, if there's any man taller than three inches that can stick his penis under that stall, man, oh man, give that man a prize.
Yeah.
Even even Ron Jeremy couldn't do that.
Even that contortionist couldn't do that.
We got to hear about, I got to find out about limbo today.
Did you know about limbo?
I was raised Catholic.
I understand, but I mean, I thought that was just a joke.
I thought that was like us being on this radio station, kind of like being in limbo.
All the unministered to all the baptized babies, all the, you know, like the flush pool.
They weren't good.
They weren't saved.
I thought that was purgatory.
What's the difference between limbo and purgatory?
Well, purgatory, you can get out of eventually.
But limbo is the other way.
That's where your floating around forever.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Wow.
Okay, so that takes care of that.
Also last, how about the Spartans side?
Are we getting any sports intensive?
And how about my Spartans?
Duke will probably kick our ass, but nevertheless.
Final four this year, baby.
We're going to kick some serious ass somewhere.
Won't be against Duke, but someday somewhere.
Here's a mobile and Cooper city.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yeah, I got picked up fast.
People call Neil.
Neil is still high.
I was going to, I'm surprised it took you half an hour before you mentioned the Spartans.
And I give them a shot, Neil.
Sure, this isn't the sports show.
I'm talking about things that are more important than some stupid basketball.
Well, I mean, there's your morning show.
I listened to the worst team at 630 and Steve Bow was going on and on about a lot of them morning getting thrown out of the game.
I switched it off.
I went back at 9.
He was talking about the same thing.
That's old news, by now.
Isn't that really old news?
Well, it's from Saturday night.
Yeah.
Old-sold news.
Yeah, I know.
And you find this the other news story, the wife of the child molesting bus driver from North Day.
Right.
You did your whole business.
And the reason, oh, right.
Yeah.
The reason that her husband is a child molester, he fell from grace and fell out of the child molester.
You know, he's going to wind up in limbo if he don't cut it out.
Is that Rush Limbo, Neil?
Yes, he's going to wind up right inside.
There's like an apartment complex.
Michigan State, let's hear for the Spartans, but I want to talk any sports crap.
Leave it to the Ock of Toyota before.
Leave it to the other 20 hours on this radio station to talk sports crap, man.
Correct.
Because that's what it is.
God, it is so boring.
And I'm scouring this morning desperate.
Does anybody know if Henry Barrow is actually honored?
No.
Huh?
I never heard a word from anybody on that supposed show.
No.
Anybody heard Ranieri beside me for about two minutes this morning?
No.
Good luck, Mikey.
You'll need them up there.
Neil Rogers, guy.
Do you ever wish that your family and friends knew their Bible verses better?
Well, I have the answer to your prayers.
From the makers of you think my martyr comes again the whole family can enjoy.
Crucifixion.
Crucifixion is not just fun to play, but it forces everyone to know their Bible.
And it's easy to play.
First, someone picks a word or phrase from the Bible.
And the rest of the group takes turns trying to spell it.
But be careful.
If you pick a wrong letter, your little Jesus doll gets nailed.
Um, I'll put the desk.
Um, how about a kid?
No, sorry, Billy.
I'm sorry, Jesus.
After three nails and one spear to the chest, everyone loses.
But don't worry.
In three days, you can play again.
So run down to your local Crucifixion toy store and grab up your very own copy of Crucifixion.
Why not play tonight?
Comes with a small Jesus doll, nails and a tiny spear.
Fake blood wouldn't cross and hammer not included.
Crucifixion.
A product of Trinity Brothers.
Oh, I said, don't drop that cross.
Jesus, I'll be in big trouble.
Oh, up to late 1031 and 560 WDQM.
Purgatory and limbo.
That's our poll question today.
Which would you rather be in?
And which one are we all going to wind up in?
Are there really seriously?
Are there really people?
This is an honest to God question.
Are there, is there anyone in this audience who believes any of that crap?
Who's really that stupid?
I mean, I don't want somebody to say it just because it's fashionable.
Just because somebody said you're supposed to say that.
It's impossible for me to comprehend that anybody could be that stupid.
That they would believe such ridiculous types, such crap, such swill, such idiocy, such lunacy.
But every time you touch yourself, it drives the stakes deeper into Jesus's hand.
And he's going like, oh, I'm coming.
He must be in, of course, you know, Kudana was big in the SNM.
So he must have really gotten off on that, you know what I'm saying?
Squirt, Squirt.
Honors and other ones.
You know, he's doing that in perfect Jesus.
Don't do it again.
Don't touch it again.
Oh, wow.
No wonder there's so many screw up.
He's just having trouble.
He can't deal with all these answer people's prayers and deal with all these problems in the world.
He's having a hell of enough trouble just holding that cross up.
It weighs so God damn much now.
That thing must weigh about a trillion tons by now.
That and if somebody just touched it again.
Oh, Christ.
Stop touching that thing, God damn it.
Squirt.
Oh no.
I'm any second.
That thing is going to hit the ground.
What happens when he drops the cross?
When it hits the ground.
That's when that guy goes over.
Is that one that hits the fan when it crosses the ground?
Come on.
I want to hear from somebody that can explain what the difference between the purgatory and the limbo.
And somebody else that really believes in all that crap.
Oh, God.
Go there and you open up your mouth and they stick that wafer in your purse and you're drinking from that from that goblet.
That the priest has had his filthy lips on the same lips.
He's had on that that he said on God only knows how many altar boys.
And he's got those disease lips on the chalice and you're drinking on the drinking the wine out of it.
All your kids out there run like hell.
Okay, before it's too late.
And before they start to alter boys in your family.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Mobile in Miami.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Listen, I know there's a clause in a purgatory thing.
If you're wearing a scapularity.
Oh, why?
I think a scapularity.
You're wearing a scapularity?
Yeah.
If you wear that in your purgatory, you get out earlier.
It's like an early relief.
Like a free pass?
Yes.
I'm silly.
It's like on Wheel of Fortune you get a free pass.
Yeah.
Now it's some kind of a deal you get out earlier because when you confirm,
you know, you're breaking over your head, you know, the priest or the priest.
Now let me ask you something.
I'm assuming that there are so many people in the world they must have this all figured out by computer, right?
To keep track of it.
Now what's going to happen with the Y2K problem with this?
That's probably the biggest thing we ought to be worrying about.
All right.
Well, according to them, God doesn't worry about things like that.
Oh.
Yeah.
See, what about the A in the award?
Anne Hatch and Ellen?
What about Beth Tress couple?
Are you as Ellen?
Anne Hatch.
And Ellen?
What about Beth Tress?
Beth Tress Dykes?
They would name Beth Tress couple.
That's right.
They picked your home and they hung it up.
Excellent.
Okay.
Thanks for the good news.
Okay.
A couple of bull dikes.
I'm tired of dikes to be honest with you.
I know we got dikes left in the show and I love you and all that.
But I'm really tired of bull dikes pretending to be something else.
Although they can't pretend anymore because that show is dying.
And I thought they might save it and guess what?
Wrong again.
Nobody want to see a goddamn sitcom about a couple of dikes.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and pound 5, 60.
I mean, you want to watch a sitcom about dikes, of course not.
I looked good.
They didn't look good.
No.
They looked like crap.
They looked almost as bad as Rosie O'Donnell.
You know, it's like when I was doing that short live TV show and an awful whammy thing
and I got awful make believe TV station and people call them and tell,
oh, you sure are ugly.
Well guess what?
Tell me people on television who are ugly.
In fact, usually that's the key to success.
Look at that hunchback Larry King with those suspenders.
That's ugly, baby.
Look at Rosie O'Donnell.
Look at Roseanne.
The ugly who are usually the more successful you are if you're on a real station.
You women out there watching Rosie O'Donnell.
I'm telling you man, you should be serious.
Maybe only in the leg for beginning, but get straight now.
She's a pig.
She's disgusting.
She has no talent.
She can't act.
She can't sing.
She's not funny.
She looks like crap.
She looks like else.
She's a boredon cowl on a bad day.
But other neck.
What a talent man.
Rosie O'Donnell.
You see what I'm saying about hype?
All you got to know is it's just a matter of luck.
Blind luck.
You fall into a bucket of crap at the right time.
You get the right agent.
You get the right PR machine behind you.
And the sky's the limit.
Because like somebody once said, I think it was Greg Reed.
You can sell a public any kind of crap you want.
And then you can put their spots on exhibition ball games if you like.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Hi Neil.
This is Frank Oliver.
I called in last week on the former member of the Church of Scientology.
Yes Frank.
I was a former investigation officer and I'm currently actively fighting the Church of Scientology.
I heard your call with George on Friday Frank.
Yes.
They're currently involved in some litigation in several parts of the country where their fraud is being exposed.
Here in Florida and Clearwater, they've been charged with two criminal accounts for the death of a growing leesa McFear.
You're repeating the same thing to me that you said to George on Friday.
Yes I heard that.
Yes.
There's a court case coming up right now that some people might not be aware of where all the copyrights of the Church of Scientology is claiming are there.
I've actually been in the public domain so they're going to lose their ability to sell these super secret levels about Zeno and the body faten.
Oh my god.
Oh brother.
What are we going to do then?
Well they claim that someone is exposed to these super secret levels before they're spiritually ready to get pneumonia and die.
Or die some other mysterious way right?
Yes absolutely.
Okay well thanks Frank and thanks for repeating everything you said to George on Friday.
Okay it was very interesting Friday.
This time I would say somewhat less so.
No I heard it.
Everybody else did too.
You see this is the guy who thinks that just because that was offered like 25 minutes and you came on everybody turned the show off.
That's not true.
Just most...
No, nobody turned it off.
It's wrong with you Frank.
Give George a little more respect than that god damn it.
Yeah the Scientologist and the purgatory and the limbo and the scapulary.
Now how come he didn't tell me about the scapulary?
The scapular?
The uvula.
Something like that.
Whatever this guy was talking about.
See you only know like Catholic light.
Oh you'll have beauty stuff.
I got out early.
That's what we got to find out today especially since it's getting close to...
Easier.
Oh my god.
Stop and think about a god who sends down his only son whatever the hell that means.
And you know in order for everybody else to be able to go and join God up in heaven to do God only knows what.
And he's the only one who does know because nobody else can figure it out.
You got to believe that they put nails to his hand to nail them up on a cross and set them on fire
and like whatever they were supposed to do.
Fire didn't work too good by the way.
Well I just died up there on the cross you know we had heavy weight on his hand.
Now how come he said if he knew what was going to happen?
How come he said father how come down his forsaken you how do you say that?
You already knew what was going to happen.
You know that like Charlton has to always said don't get in the act of you know if you already read the script you don't like it don't just don't get in with.
Don't take the role.
And there are people that believe this?
Oh my God.
That's our poll question today okay.
Which people are more ridiculous and stone age the Haseedim or the from Catholics that's our poll question huh?
Seriously which people are more in the stone age in the dark.
That's a tough one. That's a toss up.
That's our toss up question.
There'll be a bonus for 50 points when we get done.
Yeah some everybody's got to go out and buy this.
Forget that Margaret Orth book.
Okay she wouldn't know a glory hole if it hit her in her.
She wouldn't know it.
She's got guys sticking her penis under a stalls in the I mean Margaret I know that maybe you sleep in with your husband is Tim Russard and I wouldn't look either if I was married to him sweetheart.
But good God almighty your penis isn't attached to your toe honey you can't stick it under the stall in the men's room.
I mean isn't that kind of like basic.
Gary Indiana three month favorites pretty interesting book even if you don't care about Andrew Conan or Gianni Versace or miss Lee Migglin a calls Lee Migglin miss Lee Migglin the book.
Sturkey a book for Queens by the way you love it.
You know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers.
This scum.
Diuretics.
Is wife an endless nightmare of confusion and chaos.
There's no bleak nothingness or is it just me.
P.J. why do I have dreams about my mother in Savannah?
Page 69.
Why did I give my life savings to a bizarre cult religion founded by a bad science fiction writer?
Page 1999.
Am I worthy of seventh level Zardons or?
I'm going to buy head page 25 25.
Discover diuretics.
Flushing questions from the mind.
Feel the counter.
Feel the movement diuretics by El Ron Hubbub over 20 million copy sold.
Can you believe it?
Oh I can't.
1044 yes I can of course.
I mean the dough the bowl ramie guy whatever the hell is name on it.
That lunatic.
Everybody's got their own religion and like I've told you before each one is crazy than the next but now especially they were approaching these ridiculous barbaric.
Idiotic meeting with holidays Easter and Passover.
And people are going to go out and do all these things because their program like the Jews are going to go out there going to buy the mozza and they're going to be eaten all this crap.
Although it is good with salt and butter while I'll tell you that speaking of food by the way like I told you it's liver detox month.
See you know doctor mark is a good guy and a fact be all those blood tests and I'm glad I got that done I'm glad I got the blood work.
And I went and I read some books I did my own doctoring over the weekend like I told you got to be your own doctor.
And I cut way down and a hydrochlorothyl side because my other doctor he's like out of the picture now he just forgot about me at this point Dr. Puskoon.
Yuck over there Cleveland Clinic gave me a prescription for 50 milligram HCT way way too high you know when you when you take your blood pressure you're wanting to be like 74 or 52.
I mean you know I like to have my blood pressure being a little bit lower but 74 or 52 I don't quite needed that low.
And since that particular drug is you know makes your blood sugar go up and there's a lot of things maybe kidney a problem.
So I decided to cut a way back and miraculously like eating just like a third of a pill since it is a pill you can chew by the way which I also read about myself and my blood sugar and my blood pressure is like a phenomenal.
And I'm cutting way back on my prescription drugs all by myself without any advice without any help from doctors who for the most part are like you know lost.
And then I find out that you know with these blood test results taking that drug makes your bun reading which I said with your kidneys by the way makes that to up which you want your bun makes your bun go up back to the year that's right.
When you take that drug so not to worry quite that much but nevertheless cut way back on it.
So I got this book about the the liver detoxification that doesn't sound so appetizing especially when you're in the close to lunchtime but you got a detox your liver you will wind up like David Krosby or David Cassidy.
And speaking of that by the way while a lot of you people are wasting your time watching a four hour two minute piece of turret on there but the same self aggrandizing people and guess what nobody cares about Shakespeare.
See this is what is wrong with the Oscars in the first place even assuming that these people did deserve awards that they were that great a bunch of pseudo intellectuals run the whole thing.
Shakespeare in love anybody out there see that nobody care about Shakespeare no I don't I'm a slab I don't care about Shakespeare not some phony goody to choose intellectual that gives a flying crap about Shakespeare or Roberto Benini or Roberto Bajor any of those people you know those aren't the Italians I'm looking for.
But instead of that so I was channel serving especially I mean the first two and a half periods of that panther game oh my god talk about snoozing do some I would rather heard the Roger Magdalens entertainment report and I'd rather be dead than hear that.
That's how boring the panther game was I'm channel serving I come across VH1 which I don't know VH1 is kind of like you know tapioca putting the man ever watching.
But they got a special thing on at least they did last night and it's about all the teen idols from the 50s and 70s and where are they now was basically there was a whole hour in David Cassidy she's going real I mean he's going real good out there in Vegas.
You think he's fooling anybody.
No.
No.
Hasn't spoken of Shirley Jones in years and also what's your name from the parker family.
Susan Dei.
Well she's busy you know pretending to be beat up again you know but hasn't spoken to her in five years she still pissed off that his hair looked better than hers on the show and he was a lot prettier.
Well he was pretty he wasn't cute he was pretty too pretty okay that should have been the first in and then he showed some pictures of David a little bit later on like about you know five or 10 years ago and I thought to myself wow she's a knockout you know.
But he's he's and he's doing that the effect thing in Vegas has been there for years he's not he's kicking ass.
David Cassidy.
Yeah the wife you know.
Yeah I know.
And then they showed a whole bunch of screamers on your leaf Garrett and he's like kind of you know fall into the cracks and had some and almost any one of these people including David Cassidy who's not made a comeback but they all drugs and the depression and your suicide and lost all their money and how horrible it was and.
Oh God what is pretty interesting stuff and then at 11 o'clock couldn't even go to bed and then they had all the girl groups where all these bin bats have gone and what happened to them very interesting stuff.
Now there was one segment on there which you're shocked to hell who do you think the last group was before they went into the bin bets minuto and they showed these 655 kids all of whom are molested by the way who were all in minuto well they're probably altar boys they're all Hispanic and guess who I think somebody already told us this night and believe it.
And I apologize by the way you were right I was wrong you know who was a member of minuto.
Ricky Martin Ricky oh you knew that sure I didn't think you were in a poor weekend.
I'm not oh no seriously Ricky Martin was a member of minuto and boy he sure was cute then and now well they're trying to bring him by they're trying to put the pieces back together again.
Little Ricky Martin and he was also on general hospital or was that no he know they had Rick Springfield was on here of course was on general hospital with with John Stamos who was blacky.
I mean just all of these flashbacks and almost every one of them wound up like in the gutter broke the press drugs all these river penis stories man there's a million of those stories and all these people want to be rich and famous why do you want to be rich and famous those people are all a mess they're a wreck.
Their lives are pure unadulterated crap like they talk about how David can she had eight million dollars in a bank one day and then like before you know it just like that snap your fingers it was all gone he had $2,000 to his name.
Now be honest with you if you want to if you want to bring me over the eight million dollars I'll give it a shot okay I'll give it a try I might not show up here tomorrow.
I think I might be able to you know make it last a little while to stretch it out and the money to.
But these people they've all got this fame and adulation and they can't deal with it haven't I always said the wrong people are got all the money not to mention anybody lives in hell and deal.
Here's a mobile and four-letter deal hello.
Hey how you doing I know the difference between a purgatory and limbo alright all right.
Purgatory is sort of the way station between heaven and hell.
Way station.
Well that's what they call it.
Where are your curds away.
Exactly with the little spiders beside her.
It's where they you try to earn your way into heaven or you and where you lose your way into hell and limbo.
Now how many how many spins do you get do you get any free spins how many spins you get to do that.
Well you have all eternity to prove yourself one way or another you can stay there for.
For attorney which may not be still how free is over there you go and limbo is a conservative bloated talk show host on a okay thank you okay.
I just got one out of two ain't bad but you're going straight to purgatory after that.
What is that.
Are you here right now?
I'll be gearing up for the mix the new and time power jam next thing.
I'm sorry you haven't noticed it is part of the benefit of being on the turd floor.
Can you hear that no sir charge here it I can feel the floor I can feel it and the music to they got this power 96 the crap that they play over there down the hall.
They got that cranked up so loud like George said I know can you hear it in here you can feel it.
The walls are goddamn shaking they're worried about a smoke in a cigar in here.
And we got we the whole guy the whole building is on this must be an active God must be getting pissed off again about this conversation here today.
Crank it down God damn it.
Thank you God see it's like always we're chapel of a really am you know we're like the underlings we get no promotion we get no TV spots we get we get no nothing we have no
promotional stuff to give up we got nothing zero zippity do that even though we're the highest billing station the market forget about that we're too much trouble.
There they haven't turned that down they are cranking it and spanking it over their next door power 96 how long is that going to go on I'm not going to try to do a show here every day for going to listen to that till one o'clock till one o'clock my F and S.
Are you out of your mind mister.
Well let's let's crank up these speakers as loud as they'll go huh I think I'll compete yeah crank it up baby crank it back in the hell.
Yeah.
Is our program director I make believe PD sit down the hallway there seriously somebody is going to have to go tap him on the shoulder and tell him that he's going to have to talk to kid curry or somebody in his building this ain't going to fly.
We somehow managed all last week we never had any of that we had it one morning remember before we came on the air and I thought well you know that's only going to be early in the morning once we come on the year here they're going to have
understand there's another radio station right into a show in there we can't be cranking a music and shaking the goddamn studios in a wall in there.
Seriously I want you to get him right now drop your favorite forget about the phone forget about everything you're doing get a hold of our program director of our paper
poster program director and tell him by the way if you don't take the rest of the day he's out busy get physically get up out of the chair walk down the hall open up the window when you were mad
is hell and we're not taking this crap I'm not going to try to do a show like this.
I mean I've worked under every kind of adverse condition under the sun and everybody who listens knows that and I'm not exaggerating but this crap where they're like banging and clanging in the whole room is shaking here ain't going to fly.
Not for this kid.
What's going on there.
They're jamming it baby.
Here's Miami Lake.
Hello.
I'm going to call Neil.
Yes sir.
Good morning sir.
This is this is like a nut house here today.
The world in that house sir.
Anyway I call to give you the definitions from a severe ex-catholic of limbo purgatory and all that happy crap.
You know okay purgatory is where you go.
I think I'm at it right now.
Yeah you we we are.
The purgatory is where you go.
After you die to pay for your sins and become cleansed so you can enter the kingdom of heaven.
Oh yeah.
Okay all right.
Now limbo is not what you'd be doing there.
No hold on no hold on, hang on a second sir.
Hang on.
Okay.
Can you hear this?
Come in here.
Come in here.
Bluff.
And there are times when it is so loud that the walls are, you don't just hear it, you feel it.
They're cranking it. Shut it down. We're going to be out of here in 10 minutes. Go ahead, sir.
Okay. Here, if I'll play music, we'll just crank it up and go out and hear. We'll have a battle of the music.
In purgatory, you suffer and you burn and everything as badly as you do in hell. The only difference is it's temporary.
Yeah. It's temporary for how long?
How many questions do you have to answer to get your way out?
Got no. So in other words, I guess that's final.
The idea is you do know that you get to go to heaven eventually because that's it.
Okay. Then limbo is a place where you go when you die. If you die, before you are baptized.
Yeah. Because if you're not baptized, you cannot enter the kingdom of heaven.
Because the gates of heaven were closed to man, all upon the original sin of Adam and Eve.
Heaven's gate was closed to man. Too bad they didn't tell all those people before they got their nuts chopped off.
Yeah. No. And then when Jesus came and died and crucified and all that, he reopened the gates of heaven and everybody could get back into heaven.
Well, I'll tell you one thing. We better help him hold that cross. But must be getting pretty damn heavy now.
Oh, Jesus.
Exactly. Have a great day.
Now, I think they may have turned it down because bluff actually went down the hall at a moment of rear macho-ness.
Went down the hallway.
Told him turn the goddamn thing down. I think he told him that maybe not in that tone of voice.
Isn't that better?
Oh, hallelujah. Thank you.
Oh, good enough.
That's now, right? I know. I know sooner or later he'd do something useful.
He's torn between the cheaper desk and the more expensive desk.
Well, make up your mind today, sweetheart. I know what's a tough choice.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line on a really bizarre Monday.
What a way to start the week. This is a we got a call on the board there. You know what that means?
Let it work. It's evolved from men.
Oh.
Someone's gonna find us.
Back back to pocket chain.
Our containers decomposed.
I still can hear some peanut garbage talk.
So do get me some peanut garbage talk.
We brought good and some applesauce.
Just go in the mat.
Oh, stop. They're wearing pale box.
When we do it or not, got shot then we waited for a nail.
But we're in for a nail.
The end of it had explained how we meet up without a place.
Right on your face.
You look ready to go.
This is what I'll see.
5 50 W to Q. I. M. Ex-office.
Or please no contest in sex case. Panama City, Florida.
A former police officer was fired after being charged with performing oral sex on a sleeping man.
Will avoid prison but never again working law enforcement a prosecutor says.
Sean Randall 21.
Tweeted no contest where reduced charge of aggravated assault and was given three years of probation.
He could have gotten up to five years in prison on that count.
And initially he faced a possible sentence of the 15 yards a years and 15 yards in the for holding 15 years on the sexual battery charge.
Appleman said it was an embarrassing situation for the 18 year old victim.
He consented to the plea bargain and as a result, avoided having to testify.
Defense lawyer, Raylen Graham said his client who had been on the Panama City police force for about a year maintained he was innocent of sexual battery and intended to go to trial until a prosecutor's made him an offer he couldn't refuse, as they say.
Randall was still under the legal drinking age of 21 when he was arrested in August.
He had been drinking and providing alcohol to the victim police said the victim told investigators he had fallen asleep and when he awoke his pants were down and Randall was performing oral sex on him.
Oh!
Panama City police officer giving oral abuse.
Won't see him no more.
We're going to use phones here today. What I told you that didn't I? If you thought last week was going to be bad and the reason being that there's nobody left here, they're all gone.
It's Easter and Pace author worried about that they're going to go out and eat to stale mosa.
And what do they eat on Easter? Well, they're going to roll the eggs around. By the way, chocolate will kill you. I'll tell you that right now.
Don't buy any of these stories any of these candy makers. The stories that they make up about how it's good for it. It'll give you this. It'll give you only one thing. Heart attack, stroke.
All kinds of horrible. It'll give you everything bad that's ever been invented. And also by the way, we're clogging if you want to cleanse out your liver, coin that book I'm reading.
Cheese cut the cheese, baby. I did that right now.
Because cheese and on all these dairy products. All of these things.
I'm going to be like a big slug up that liver, something fierce milk. Milk the worst thing to. And if you're feeding your kid milk, I'm not talking about, you know, breast milk.
I'm talking about after they're finished doing that when they get to be about 20.
After that. Huh? I'm serious. If you're feeding them cows milk, stop it.
Whoever heard of any. Is there any other animal in the animal kingdom that drinks the milk of another animal? No.
No. Insane. Now, unless, of course, you're getting it from that baby milk factory over there in Iraq and back that. That's okay.
Cheese product data. So what are we going to be eating now? I guess not too much.
Real slim. We're going to have to find a salad place. So you say Tony has got good salad without all that meat and cheese.
You know, I mean, we love trucks in the sub-heter. That's wonderful. Etc. And by the way, it was Felix over there in the production studio.
A lot of apologize to the people in power 96 was not those people. I'm not that they need an apology because they're probably full of crap anyway.
But there wasn't them. It was Felix in production who, according to Greg Reed, is tone deaf and can't hear anything anymore from years of mixing all that loud crap.
Cut it out, Felix. You hear that? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Hank is at the era today. Huh? At the era?
Yeah. You doing up there. And then we got the bookshambie 6 to 10 at Kaplan with the score is 10 o'clock tonight.
Here's a mobile and bookie. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Okay.
I called a few months ago. I sent you a fax about Jack Lee up in the freehold. Yes. Something happened two weeks ago that in a history of honor, racing, you never seen in your life.
They, they, erases declared official. They don't like the way the prices come. Obviously they were, you know, with the boat race.
They wouldn't let you cash your tickets. They closed the sand machines and you had to show identification. The cash your tickets.
Yeah. The exacta came in smaller than the one. It's a big article in the paper about it. In other words, they, they, they, they, they make a long story short.
The two people bet like 90% of the pool. They got all the money to try to try to keep an hour. Sure.
So they, they call the New Jersey State Police. They follow the guys to a diner where they met two, the two drivers. Yeah.
Okay. You won't be seeing George Brennan and how we park a drive anymore. Really? Oh, they're done.
He was running and Howard Parker. I've done.
Pacing Parker. Pacing Parker and George Brennan, the second lead and driver in the country. Oh my god. Wow. Not to mention. Did you see where the lead and driver in the nation is driving now?
They found a state they let what the case driving. Yeah. Everybody, everybody always comes back. I know that. No, they don't feel now. I understand. Everybody comes back except Irving.
They all come back. Well, he's bought. I'm actually physically still afraid train. They come back. Well, this was a race wig. You could not cash unless you showed identification. Yeah.
They caught the guy. The bed most of the money got all the. Well, thanks for the good news and course. I don't cash anyway. So I have to worry about it. I never cash.
Okay. We got one call on the board. It's going to be a worse Monday than I feared. I heard the default this morning pumping it and pumping it in the number two.
And then finally get to call a guy and it's a bad mobile phone and crap out after about two seconds. 5 6 7 0 5 60.
5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Evan. Sure. Hello. You'll get. Yes, sir. How you doing, buddy? Great. Give us a question for you. One.
We were having conversation at a party. We're trying to figure out what the hell but then all these Canadians on the Hollywood. I cannot wait to talk to you.
We're on to area play. Yeah. Yeah. French Canadians aren't there for material. But anyway, go ahead.
Two go to Italy leaving Wednesday. Uh huh. Give me some pointers about real time. Okay. Let's go to Paparo. Hello.
Paparo. Yeah. Thank you. Tonya. Benini. Roberto Benini. A great genius. But he's not Fox. He's what? He's a good one. He's a good one.
Good one. Okay. Woo. Shipping came in over the weekend again. Let's hear it everybody. Oh, you better get yours before it runs out.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T. And of course for me to say that people believe these fairy tales. I was talking before our dumb. I mean, I got news for it. I met just just on. I mean, there's a lot of dumb people out there.
How can I have 100 years of doing this and I just figured that out? What a concept. There's a lot of morons out there.
Last call for phone calls today. We're going to cut it short and we'll tell Felix. Frank the music up again because we don't make any difference anyway.
In the whole world, the live and the TV. Tonight on the e true Hollywood starts. It's the life of the most popular kids entertainer in the history of television. Pinky Lakey.
Born Morton Tiberius with Kowski on the lower east side of Sheffield England. This lovable purple triangular shaped antenna wearing dial never thought he'd become the alternative lifestyle cult icon. He now is.
But things weren't always as rosy as they seem to the man they now call. Pinky winking. The early days I was so poor that I don't the crack. So.
Supplement my me get income. I started. But think he would soon become even more desperate for money. So desperate he had to speak to what he now admits was an all time low. A spoken word beetles record picture yourself.
On a boat. With the injury trees. Although his public life would bring him fame and fortune it would be thinking we he's private life that would trust him permanently into the spotlight.
Things really came in the focus for me. After an all nighter at studio 54. When Austin invited me back to his law with Freddie Mercury and Elton John.
Thank you, winky. The whole truth tonight on the e true Hollywood story.
It's only five fifty fifty. By the way, is there anybody in America who cares that a lot of those NBC shows come out of studio 3B? No. No.
Am I am I the only one that is offended? Seriously? Why do they feel it would be like I sang from studio 4C higher top the Schmendrick building here on the corner of 441 and whatever God damn street this is. Who cares.
From studio 3B here's stone Phillips are we impressed? No. No. I don't care if he's sitting in the goddamn toilet. I don't care where you sit in studio 3B. See this is an NBC state of mind. Even the peacock blushes when they say that crap.
Oh, but Dave girl. Why use this in here? Yeah, maybe that's why the studio smells so bad. Okay. He's been dead for 30 years. How about a little fumigation actually would be good.
Joe Dodgy only used to sit in there. I would be shouting that around town if I were you. Pretty embarrassing. They put that ball that a little bit geek on the air to do the today show with the chimpanzee who's like he was higher than his with that Dave girl. Well, whatever Frank Blair used to do the news. That's 100 years ago. Nobody alive. Remember Frank Blair. Okay. He's older than Henry Burrell. Christ. By the way, thanks to Tony's that's bringing us lunch today. My nice Cobb salad. Remember lead Jay Cobb? Huh? Uh huh.
See, that's why like the the excess is when any Academy Awards. The Academy are a bunch of snobbish, pseudo intellectuals. That's one reason that comedies very rarely get any awards at all. Very few.
That's the reason that it's usually like Shakespeare, you know, last night air, the award on the Sun, pseudo intellectual snobbish, bunch of bull crap.
And I don't care what you say except for about 25 people at Harvard and MIT and 100 people in New York. Nobody care about Shakespeare. Nobody be caring about that crap. Huh? Except those silly queens over there across the sea. Nobody cares about that.
Well, here's a mobile and point and beach. Hello. Yeah, how you doing? Nobody should have told Shakespeare the way that all Jews have big noses. Yes, sir. How you doing, Neil? For some coral. I've been listening about it. Yeah. Yes, sir. Let me ask you a question. Yeah.
Why is it that I've been watching a couple of hockey games like that was for instance, and then I go to a panther's game on and I can't even sit through it. It's so ridiculous because they're boring. Is that answer your question?
I mean, the ducts didn't show up for the third period last night. We had a kiss the ground for that because that was door dive, but they're a very boring team. That's why I was channel surfing last night while the game was on because I couldn't stand anymore. It was a coma, coma.
Who won that game between the ducks to the pan? Panthers one five to two this course. We're going to about 30 seconds.
There in a way. We shot nice gone right. They're boring to watch. All right. Yeah, you're great. I want to call somebody douche bag. Hopefully a Pavellbury be back this week. So we have a reason to go. Pavellbury and Ray Whitney, other than that and Sean birth. Nice going, Sean.
Bad move. They're putting Kirk the jerk in there. The other night. TM bad move. That was the end of that game in LA.
I want to get two sports intense and we got 20 hours the rest of the day. All the hockey experts on the station.
He relies all that stuff. Five six seven. Oh, see, I'm concerned about being up here in this. I don't think this stuff is working away.
You know what I'm saying? Huh? Because I heard you at one point there on Friday when I'm driving to the airport say all of them are open as a matter of remember that briefly or was it not so briefly.
No, seriously, this is now the sixth day in a row. There's something strange going on. The phone that they don't show up in the right spot. I think probably half our lines are like being sabotaged right now by probably what's his name down the hallway there? Huh?
Well, I didn't tell you any name.
Yeah, Maddie Bell. He's in tight with Bell. South. Five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT. I mean, we got to get some more information about purgatory and limbo. What kind of crap was that?
Yeah. And you know, damn well that the real religious fanatics all listen to the show their modern ring right now wanted to make sure that the you know they get just as smart as we are here so they can give up all that bull crap and stop wasting their lives on lies. Look at that. I'm mentioning this lines are going out while I'm talking.
I think they're pro and look and there's another one. Here's a lady mobile in Palm Beach Gardens. Hello.
Lady mobile in Palm Beach Gardens. Oh God. Yes, ma'am.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So when you're more like this. My white nine,
I'm not even going to play the music. I'm just going to sit back
and wait and see how long it takes. I come into this
wojne. I feel invigorated. I'm cleansing my liver. I feel
like I've got to turn a  on. Live. I'm sitting
here talking to dead people that you know, I was talking
to a cab driver over the weekend yesterday. And he was asked
to hear me about Miami and I said you know something. Miami is
the place only for dead people and he lacked. He burst. I said,
you know, I had a woman to the other day tell me exactly the
same thing. Word for word. She said, oh, that's not a place where people are alive.
That's a place where people wait and to die. See, there's only three things that we
have in this time. I know this is depressing. You don't want to hear it, but it
happens to be true. And you know, we're here. We're surviving somehow. We're doing
making the best out of it. You got your dead, the walking dead. You got your
banana boat people and your drug dealers. If you take all those people out of
this area out of South Florida, it leaves about what? 5,000 of us. Say, it's
tough to think about it. You take away all the drug dealers, the banana
boat people and the walking dead. What are they? Like 400 of us left,
30 of us. What is there left if you take out those three elements?
This is not a real place. This is a phantom place with phantom people.
A bunch of posing drug addict bags down here at South Beach.
I mean, what the hell is that? We got 10 blocks of South Beach. That's our claim to
fame. Even Barbara Kaffitman, that old bitch is turning over and is
either her teeth are turning yellow or they say his well, she was more
mucher than some. She was more mucher than most of the people on South Beach.
Now, you're into that. That's Barbara Kaffitman bitch with the yellow teeth.
What did she have bad teeth? Oh, in fact, you know something. I bet I bet that
all the crap on her teeth went down to the williver and that's what killed her.
Or maybe we've changed smoking all them faggot that might have done it.
She was a change smoker and she's dead. And by the way, I'm channel surfer
last night. They got some Fox show. Now I realized that Fox wants to be
all-odd guard and trendy and hip and cool. You know, they got some show where
this mother's talking to some sitcom when I don't watch any shows on Fox.
And the mother's sitting there talking and she's smoking.
She says, Oh, please put that cigarette out, mom. I'll just imagine it's my last one.
She's smoking right there on TV. Probably that's what he's showing.
Whatever it was. I thought they're trying to discourage it.
Everybody in their brother is putting on his big phony act about how we hate
cigarettes in this country. We already know that we hate faggots.
Huh? And there's their smoking on TV. I thought that would not
wear our mural. And he's dead too, by the way. And he also got lung cancer.
So that should be a message to all you people out there. Stop smoking those god damn
cigarettes. All right, little weed. That's okay.
Well, certainly nobody smokes. Nobody changed smokes marijuana.
Nobody smokes enough weed to get lung cancer from the paper.
Okay, from the burning paper, unless you're out of your mind.
In which case you deserve to die for smoking that much weed.
Here's West Palm Beach. Hella. Niel. Yes, sir.
Thank God. Thank you very much. Did George tell you to say that for me?
It was very nice of you. Say, well, the last statement you just made.
I was so worried I just switched to a glass plate for that reason.
I said, you know what? I got to switch papers.
That's right. The paper is what killed you.
Listen, I am a certain sized walking dead non-hoolioc,
want to be drug dealer. Probably. Yeah, that's every category.
Is it? I missed one. We can't sell drugs up there. There's too many old people.
Listen, once they want to get the prescription drugs, you have to do like who
Nandin starts to do them prescription drugs. That's how he made all his money.
By the way, wrong about that too, Margaret Orther. It wasn't crystal meth.
He worked for thrift the drug mark.
There was a selling prescription drug. That other book is so full of crap.
I should have known if she was married to Tim Russ. It was full of crap.
But anyway, go ahead, sir.
Prescription was prescription drugs of the biggest market these days.
Right. Yeah, one thing. At one request before I mess up and get this done,
at the end, even Andrew Cunahan was so depressed being down here.
People is brains up. Go ahead.
Anyway, possibly you could play for a motion in the basket.
We haven't heard it for so long.
Oh, yeah. You haven't heard it in so long.
Well, I missed the last question.
I'm not sure.
In the basket.
Okay. More to come later.
Get out of here.
See what I'm saying?
Request. They're doing requests.
I want to talk to living and breathing people.
I want to talk to people with a brain.
I want to talk to people that don't give a crap about Shakespeare,
who don't say things just because they think it's politically correct,
because they think it's supposed to be the American F in a way.
I want to talk to some people.
Some real goddamn living and breathing people.
And if we had a tool for you line so we could talk to people out of time,
maybe I'd be able to do that someday.
Like those handful of people that call us on you.
And you notice every time, not every time, but most of the time.
Like last week, I think we had a couple calls from people in Toronto.
You notice how articulate and worthwhile and like real living and breathing people
those were.
And then we start talking here to our people.
Oh, hey, Neil.
Could I hear the bridge tender?
Oh, oh, oh.
God is this place full of dumb people.
I guarantee if I walk down the hallway right now,
I bump into a bunch of dumb people.
Not to mention no names.
Yeah, fat boy.
Don't stick your fat ass in this doorway again.
OK.
Now, what was you doing here this morning?
Hey, pal, hey, we don't like you.
We don't like you.
We can't not joke.
It's serious.
Don't take it personally unless you want to.
If you lose about 80 pounds, come back and see us.
And also Josh Friedman, you're another one.
Lose about 100 more pounds, take a bath,
and then maybe we'll let you come back and see.
You know, we stand in.
George says even then we still don't want to see you.
We don't want to see you.
We don't want to smell you.
We don't want to know from you.
We don't like you.
Well, I mean, what's wrong with that?
I say it's about time we started being a little more honest with each other.
We can't stop.
Stop wasting our time, you know,
standing on the pomposity and glittering generalities
and all this other bull crap.
Huh?
Whatever that means.
Why do we have to stand on ceremony
and pretend we like people, OK?
But the next time the boss comes in here,
you know, he's got mono.
Should I say that on the ear?
Well, no, that's a good way to send him home.
It's not that we don't like him, but he's got mono.
We don't like you when you got infectious disease.
He's got two or three kids.
How many is he got 100 kids?
Well, two by his wife that have got mono.
And he's surprised he went and got an Epstein vartex.
OK, even go and get that.
He's got mono.
So don't come in here and breathe.
I said to him, you're breathing in here.
I'm filing after three months and finally,
feeling a little bit better today because I'm cutting way back on his
these medications that are killing me that these doctors are killing me with.
And he comes in here spreading his mono nucleosis around.
Uh oh.
What a good week to be sick.
Yeah, I'm starting to get a little choked up right now.
I'll tell you that.
Oh,
1127 and 560.
You know, this is this overhead where any lower I could be talking into a
guy then to thank you.
Jesus Christ.
Tonight on MTV, it's the Bung show with your host Robert Downey Jr.
The Bung show where recently we have celebrities or lost
Angela city council members take random grunt at.
So it hurts watching these rich and famous wash police cars.
So join Robert Downey Jr.
weekday for the Bung show.
It's not a good.
60 W to come.
That's always a good suggestion out there.
Use your Bung.
Not your.
Huh?
Use your Bung, baby.
And don't use those damn rappers because those will kill you.
Either rappers down the hall or kill them us before.
When I damn love music from power 96,
anybody has the things that rap is music needs you'll about him immediately.
Not sooner.
They probably also believe in God.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 80.
I sound like wound up today like an alarm clock.
I am.
I really am.
Always this way on Monday.
See a lot of other people the other way around.
Monday to very neat.
Press.
You know that it's the beginning for long week.
I feel great because I got out of here for a weekend.
I want to ask the Bula.
And actually I want to burn him.
Did I go to burn me him?
No.
I want to just tell you one thing.
Okay.
Do not drive on the Paul Metta Expressway.
Unless you're going to mix you can go down there.
We'll just get down there real quick if you can.
Who are the assholes that drive on that road?
All the years that I've lived down here.
They've always said, well, you know, they didn't build it wide enough.
There's not a lot of lanes.
It's obsolete.
That's not the problem.
The problem isn't the the nature of the road itself.
It's the assholes who drive on that road.
Who are the idiots who drive on the Paul Metta Expressway?
You know, when you drive back from MIA up to where my neck is the woods and
the most power.
The easiest way to take the 836 to the Paul Metta.
You go up to 75 and then go, you're home at no time at all.
But going that stretch between 836 and the 75,
when you have to go on the Paul Metta, up to 125th there.
Oh my god.
Who are you?
People, where did you get your driver's licenses in a box of crack rejects?
Maybe.
Here's Bokeh.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Listen, how long are we going to be subjected to these
baseball games that you show off?
What do you mean? What does that mean?
In other words, as long as the contract, I think they got another three years
after this year with the Marlins.
And I think that they're going to get their differences settled out.
So I think for a long time.
So even in the regular season we're going to have
in the regular season they got a few day games that just start early and
now get out of here, 1230, 1215, 1250.
And I say, oh, yeah, baby, that's what I say.
Well, that's right.
I like that.
In that kind of a race.
I say start some games at 1130 in the morning.
Is that kind of a rating skill?
It's a killer.
You're right.
I guess Greg Reed thinks we're all stupid.
Thanks, Neil.
And how about the sponsors?
I don't want to.
Yeah, he knows better than taking the sponsors.
Well, done.
Does anybody want to buy Marlins baseball?
No, no.
How about if we give you some spots?
No, they don't want to be associated with it.
That's why Joe Angel comes on in the middle of these Marlins
version games now and says, uh, this part of Marlins baseball is brought to you
by the Neil Rogers show.
And then we put some of our sponsors on there that I record the spots for.
And those people don't want to be on the ball games.
Do they?
No, Greg Reed says, hey, we don't care.
We don't care.
Just give us the F and money.
That's our motto here at QAM.
Sign the contract.
Give us the money.
You're getting great results on the show.
Okay.
So if we have to steal a few spots from you to fill up some empty person
of ballgame to make sure we don't lose your money.
What?
What are you laughing about that?
That's the deal.
That's the real story there.
See, I'm the one guy in America who's honest about that.
We screw people over when we can.
And I'm, I'm not why I say we.
I don't want to include myself in that.
But I'm talking about the management of this operation.
That's the way they do business.
It's called underhanded shady bait and swits.
There are a million different names you can use for it.
It's, you know, when you scrape away all the exterior
to pile up, that is what it is.
But we just want the money.
We're not concerned about what you, you know,
do a business or not.
That's your problem.
Okay, you worry about doing business.
We got enough problems here doing our own business.
Believe me, if you ever saw this joint,
we got real problems doing business like paying bills.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
By the way, did you get that 200 bucks from 40 of the month yet?
No.
George, did you get that 200?
No.
Did I get my money back from the Panther ticket?
No.
Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach.
Hello.
How you doing, Dale?
Okay, sir.
Listen, I don't know.
Well, if you should, um, um,
in tasteless people from Toronto to college,
they give the number to the Montrealers.
You'll have, uh, you'll have that intention to deal with.
Sure, I'd rather have any contingent to deal with
than a group of knucklehead, no brain people that have to be kicked in the ass
just to say anything about anything.
That's what we got down here.
Dead people, drug dealers and, uh, banana boat people.
I do hear you.
Well, we got you remember some time.
Am I wrong about that, sir?
No, no.
If you took those three elements out of the population of Dave Brown and Palm Beach
counties, what would you have left about a hundred of us?
You're absolutely correct, sir.
Let me ask you this.
Do you remember several years ago when you went on that
bench and didn't give the phone number out?
Yes.
Why don't we try that one?
Oh, yeah.
Okay.
Thank you.
This is a good time for that.
That's the, yeah, this is a great time for it, sir.
That was at a time when the phones were smoking when we actually had some
living and reading people in this town before they wised up and got the hell out of here.
They all left.
They're gone.
They realized they took a look around and said, oh my god.
Look where the hell I am.
Let me get out.
I'm in limbo.
Which is now, which is worse, purgatory or limbo?
Purgatory is bad.
Limbo is just neutral.
And the lake of fire?
Well, that's bad, bad.
How about the ring of fire?
How about the ring of fire?
How many drugs do you have to do together in the ring of fire?
What's any cash?
How many jail sentences do you have to do?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
We got plenty of open lines for you.
Okay?
The call is free.
We pay for it here.
The big shots over here.
They pay you.
They have phone lines.
We're waiting to hear all your comments about all these things that I've talked about,
especially the important stuff,
like glory holes.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
and the pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Pompo, hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Hey, to help you out with limbo and purgatory.
Yeah.
Have you ever seen a movie pulled or diced?
No.
Yeah, I saw it.
Okay.
Hold on, guys.
The horror movie.
Those people were in limbo.
Not a word like...
You mean, like, you're trying to steal on the attic?
The ones that were stuck up there
between the ceiling and the attic?
Exactly.
Sort of like sensory village would be limbo
and Dave Conney would be purgatory.
Right.
Good, excellent analogy.
That is what the meaning is.
And I just thought I'd help you out there.
Okay, thank you.
Okay, 16 open lines in data, 122, and brown.
A couple in Palm Beach,
four Myers-Dave are laid out for weeks now.
They don't like us anymore over there.
We can understand why.
5, 6, 7, too many goi among the West Coast.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T line.
Doesn't bother me.
I just keep plotting right ahead.
I've got a whole new attitude, baby.
That's right.
Now that I'm cleaning my liver out,
you better watch it.
You think that you're going to get the old man down?
Not going to happen.
That's what you lose.
Because I've got a whole new outlook on life now
that I'm cleansing my liver.
What do you smirk?
It's smiling about when I say that.
Like a little smirk on your face.
There is the most important thing that you can do for your health
is cleanse your goddamn liver.
And does your doctor teach anything about your liver?
No.
Does he know anything about nutrition?
These doctors?
No.
Did I get any more information?
Did I get the update on the other two tests he was taking
from my lupus and poop?
Did I get that yet?
No.
Dr. Mark?
Who was busy in here.
He only came in here to get some numbers from Jeff Cohen,
some hot numbers.
That's all he was talking about,
was getting laid, that's the whole conversation.
OK?
Here's a doctor and a pizza guy,
and all they talked about,
were like, I have a,
a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a,
was getting laid.
Hookers?
Oh, I shouldn't have said that.
Hookers.
Why are you airing shit like this?
Tonight on National Sea Graphics,
discover their history.
We'll be fiance and of course Miss Magina.
As you can see, very damp and dark in here.
Which is the perfect environment for small birds and other creatures.
Each of its governmentary series, inside and in a cold, Miss Magina, tonight on the Super Station.
It's 1445-6WQM.
By the way, what's a very nice young lady like her to win in a place like this?
She's very nice. What are you doing here? You're going to be sorry you came into this place.
Oh yeah, she's going to be real sorry when she starts meeting a lot of the Miss kids.
Well, she already met us.
Look at this thing. Look at this beautiful lunch.
See, this is more like it.
I'm going to start being so glad and healthy.
It's going to be disgusting.
And then, then you'll be in big trouble.
Okay?
Then you'll hear a guy on the ear who's like not choking and gagging and dying on his own fat, eating all that crap, all that sugar.
All that garbage that I've been eating for months.
It tasted good though. I admit that.
But I pushed myself right to the edge and thank God for Dr. Mark Laporta who came by here last Wednesday.
And smoothed and got a few numbers.
I'm sure from Jeff Cohen.
But in the meantime, took all that blood.
And I took a look at those results and I went, oh, look at that cholesterol and I went, oh, yeah.
Oh my God. Took a look at that bun and I said, back down.
Then you're killed.
So I'm detoxifying my liver.
I'm cleansing it out.
Beautiful.
A Cobb salad here from our friend, the Brad over at Tony sub.
Give him a little plug for Christ.
I say, and you people in this building, I'm so ashamed of you.
We got our friend, the Collagen Man, got us the water.
We got Chuck from the sub-center.
We got Ponytail from Pizza lot.
We got Brad from Tony's.
We're going to have Wayne Arles in here.
We got eight million different people thanking us for allowing them to bring us food.
How do you like that?
And schlepping up to us up here.
The line of the ear from Carlos at the front desk, we can go today.
Who's paying for the food?
On this show.
I guess you don't listen to this show, huh?
You got to be kidding me, Carlos.
Don't be 50 dollars.
And by the way, get a haircut.
Here's a mobile in the keys. Hello.
Yes, Neil.
Yes, sir. Let me fill you in on, on Perkatory and Lindbo.
Fill me in on all that good breath.
All right, we'll start with Lindbo.
I'm going to touch myself just so Jesus has to hold that cross a little behind.
Back to mortal.
Oh, geez.
That's a mortal sin if you touch yourself.
We'll get into that later.
I didn't say where I touched myself.
Well, that's true.
It was only on the elbow.
All right.
First, Lindbo.
Lindbo is only for people who have not been baptized.
And what happens if you have a pet peeve?
There's original sin, you know?
So if you haven't been baptized, you still have original sin.
So you go there and you get to see all the saints marrying everybody else.
The only thing you don't get to see the big guy and you live happily ever after.
Yeah.
That's that one.
Who wants to see a sadist like him anyway?
Well, I know.
So then you got percutory.
Percutory is you go if you only commit venial sins.
Venial sins like stealing from your mother.
The venereal sin?
Yeah.
The venereal bone-out.
The venereal bone-out.
The venereal sin would be like touching yourself, say.
Yeah.
So you go there and you burn temporarily until you burn your sins off and then you go to the happy hunting ground.
Uh-huh.
Now, in the old days, back in the dark ages, they used to sell ten years of time.
Only the rich could pay for it so that that was called selling them adulgences.
So if you take that off, that's right.
More people had it burned in percutory.
Nowadays, you can pray it off.
Now, as the kid in Catholic school, there was a thing called a scapula with the sacred archery.
Yeah, but what would that be?
It's the thing that you hang around your neck.
You can't even take it off in the shower so they put it in plastic bag.
It's just a true now.
And if you wore that thing and you died, you, the first Friday or the last Friday of the month,
Mary would come and get you out of percutory.
Oh, my God.
Now, there's a problem.
Yeah.
That's the first Friday.
Let's say you died on the second Friday.
You still have to burn for three weeks until Mary came and got you.
That's unbelievable.
That's why I'm no longer not only a Catholic, but not a Christian.
Stop and think about the fact that there are really people with an IQ larger than their thumbnail.
Who believes in that.
Anyway, thank you so much.
And have a good time.
People who really believe this.
Can you believe that?
Can anybody?
No.
No, I can't.
You know, you can, you can protest all you want.
You can insist to me that you really believe this.
I'm sorry.
There is nobody on the face of the earth.
That's stupid.
Who would really believe this stuff.
Next to be tell me that there are people who walk around and would magic underwear on all day.
Huh?
That'll be the next for you to tell me.
That there are people so superstitious.
Even I bet you don't even region where that magic underwear.
Well, they were on their last night on the VH one thing.
This is great, but I got a piece of something.
And how come you got olives on yours there, mister?
Huh?
So I got a Greek salad.
Oh, I'm not into Greek.
Especially after reading this book.
So what do you think?
Anybody that go into bookstore, you don't have to buy the book called three month fever.
And by Gary Indiana.
And you're looking to center, part where it's got all the pictures.
The last picture is the one of Andrew Kahnan and dead in the bed on the houseboat.
If he isn't a dead ringer for Sam, the sham douchebag in our house, you don't know him.
So how would you know?
You don't like the picture anyway.
Especially if you're in the faces of death parts one through forty.
It's not really that grory.
I hate to break the news to you.
A little bit of blood.
You don't look so bad.
Here's a mobile invoker.
Hello.
Yeah, yeel.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I just finished 12 of your favors and I was glad you pointed out there are a lot of factual errors.
That book is the biggest piece of Drek.
She masked a tremendous amount of research, but she didn't tie it together.
And she was totally wrong about the crystal meth.
He worked at trifty drugs out there in San Diego or wherever it was.
So, truck dealers.
And he was peddling stolen prescription drugs.
Right.
That's where he got all his money from.
Right, but she hasn't flying back and forth between Wahaya and San Diego and Chicago.
I mean, when did the...
And she ever had any of this stuff about his trips to Europe with Normwood,
with Miss Blatford as Gary and Deanna calls him, Miss Blatford.
One thing that I really upset me in the book was the attempt by the Catholic Church in Chicago
and Lee Nagelins, Widow, to protect her business in the...
Well, don't forget.
He was a big shot.
He was a big friend of big daily.
And the other one outers for a while.
He was a multi-millionaire, so naturally.
And of course, in this other book, he calls him Miss Miglin.
Right.
They had a wannabe son who she didn't want to be outed.
This guy Duke, which is probably how he met him.
But anyway, the book is really upsetting when you realize that this guy could have been caught
before at least last two people were killed.
Oh, absolutely.
Especially when you find out that all those leaflets with this picture on them were in the back of that cop's car.
I just think about it, well...
They had no...
And I just spit out a lot of them.
I don't realize that the state's 30-odd in Dave County spent a lot of time trying to keep some people from the book around.
I mean, the only man on the face of the earth who can eat and spit out a mushroom at the same time.
I don't know.
I'm going to try it from the Guinness Book of Records, okay?
Without...
Without hesitating, without missing a salable.
You saw it.
George just happened to look up at the right moment and nearly gagged on it.
You choke, you got to pick it up.
Isn't that great?
I didn't...
I never missed a beat.
And spit out.
Well, I was going to go down the wrong.
I already got something in the other hole there, okay?
I was going to go down the wrong hole.
Bracken!
I'll add it eventually later on.
Boy, that was...
Even I enjoyed that.
Too bad we don't have...
Too bad we don't have the Wendy people in there just for that, you know?
Back to it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, but I gotta tell you.
I don't want to refer each to World Unnuggly.
Why should I mention?
Well, I gotta I gotta, can't do it.
I don't what to say, is of the, if you remember there were years, when Toronto us down in the base,
the basement.
Yeah,
after what the but the new owner took over.
Yeah, it was passed overall, do you think it out of sir ?
Yeah, of times and baller going bad,
it's the guy who got it now.
Yeah,
and he didn't want to spend any money at the same as what's going on here in Florida
of course that he's talking about for supermarket laughs at at about
Yeah, yeah, I'm a sin.
But he didn't want to spend the money either,
so we didn't have a good keep for many years.
It's only the last what, three years we've got to keep the Taff-Fast pieces.
No, only this year.
Sir, go look up in your history books, okay?
See what I'm talking about, these callers?
Sure, that was one of the worst calls I've ever had.
Yeah, the last three years.
They didn't make the playoffs the last two years, sir.
Do you have any idea what you're talking about?
No.
That's why this guy's down here.
He fits right in with a so-called hockey fans down here.
No, it's nothing.
Two open lines in day 100 and brown,
five, six, seven, oh five, 60,
pound, five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Come on, I'm waiting for somebody to call who believes in all this.
I'm going to read that page again.
About how every time you do some,
whatever the hell it is,
they push though, I mean, what kind of religions are these that we're talking about?
Every time you touch yourself, the nail gets pushed in there deeper and deeper and deeper.
Huh?
What is that?
It says, most intense pleasure and even many mild ones were said to drive the spikes deeper
into Jesus' palms and feet to squeeze the crown of Thorns deeper into his forehead.
And you wonder what Catholic Yilf is all about?
Huh?
And he had to give three Hail Mary's in 10,
our fathers and give an absolution for like touching himself.
Thirty was a lot of today.
Anything where your banana came into it,
brought a miserable number of prayers into your pennant.
And you had to kneel down and say them right there in the pew,
picturing Christ getting triage in Paradise Valley emergency room for the trauma you'd given them.
Because the crown of Thorns was going deeper into his forehead and they were driving the spikes deep,
you talk about an SNM religion perfect for Andrew Conan,
by the way, no wonder he was into that.
In fact, maybe that's where he got that SNM fetish in the first place was being an altered boy.
What kind of person could profess to believe in something so sick and twisted and disgusting and
grotesque? Huh? As the Catholic Church.
Not to mention, of course, all the other ones with the magic underwear and the magic mizuzah.
That's our poll question today, by the way, which is more powerful, the magic underwear or the magic
mizuzah or the cross with the doctor and professor of unhousing.
Here's a lady in Miami Beach, Hilla.
Yeah, I knew.
Yes, ma'am.
Barb, religion, organized religion.
People with that stupidity that I'll solicit to you with a voice of sanity and I appreciate.
Oh, I mentioned you to Mickey Rourk and he was to be able to do that.
Yeah, great, huh? Good.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pump, I see.
Mickey Rourk, he's upset because even I won't talk to him much less anybody invited me to the Oscars last night.
That's what a loser here.
He's got this bitch calling for him on his show.
You really know you're finished when you got to call a local talk show to try to get some attention
and the host hangs up on you every time.
Officer, Prince wanted to get his rocks off.
Yeah, well, good for him.
I've got a lot of friends there on the police force here that in confidentiality have told me
how much of an asshole, Prince, I don't come from a place where somebody says,
oh my god, I'm going to walk away.
Okay, I don't know.
Maybe you're from a different planet.
Why didn't he arrest him for saying, Mickey,
my few mother.
I said come over here.
You're stuck around.
I'm not you out.
That's what I said.
Okay, thanks, Mickey.
Okay, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pump, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
It's 11, 56 at 5, 60 WQAM.
Mickey Rourk and his girlfriend.
Boy, desperate, huh?
Desperate.
And I got news for a sweetheart.
I'll never be that desperate.
If I had no calls for five days straight, I still wouldn't talk to you losers.
Oh god, Neil.
See you, Third Night, I watched,
a wrestling match with big,
smooth men with sweaty cracks.
Today we tried to grab each other's ass,
wearing nothing more than the tiny jeep strap.
All right, but when they rang the bell
and the match was over,
I couldn't help but notice,
I had a big phone.
I want to be a wrestler.
I'm so nervous.
And have a man's crotch wrapped around my mouth.
I want to be a wrestler.
Pressure.
Pressure.
And his face is pushing inside and out.
Why is it easy, little guy?
Fix my hand between the mother and wife.
Hey, go ahead and I pull my hands away.
I get to sell my fingers.
You know that other than sometimes you train,
you don't need to have much of a brain,
as long as it's a shower after you work out.
You don't mind lacing someone's balls in your mouth.
I know that white green candy messy and too melty.
That's why they like to rub that KY on their belly.
I want to be a wrestler.
And retaining more arms just like you.
I want to be a wrestler.
And maybe run for governor too.
As long as it attracts the crowd,
I don't mind falling down.
Rubbish candy, this is their luck with the floppy queer.
Just remember the Greeks and Romans invented it.
It's a 1202.560.
And here's a fax by the way from Kanto and Ray that's a fact level.
But there's three of us queens over here.
We're college wrestlers and we love reminiscing about all that sweaty,
grabbing and grunting.
I'm already excited.
How do you like that?
You also says you're right to people.
New people to hell in the hell all over beach.
Rotest.
That's true.
Hollow Rebeach.
You want to see some really ugly people and a bunch of
perverts with binoculars and the bushes go to
Hollow Rebeach.
Not close to lunchtime though please.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line.
God I feel like a new man now.
Clean it.
I'm cleansing my liver out.
Here's a mobile in North Miami.
Hello.
Hello, milk.
How are you?
Great.
I've got this.
Make it a big comeback sir.
I'm doing it all on my own.
Can't fight a doctor that knows his ass for my armpit.
I'm doing it on my own.
I've got the story to end all story.
I'm listening.
We're out on a boat yet today.
Out the, we're doing a little fishing on a nice 38 foot
dinghy.
We're going coming back in government cut
there off Fort Lauderdale.
And all of a sudden the coast guard pulls up behind us
and pulls us over.
They tell us to go into the Dania.
I don't know if you're if you're familiar with this or at all.
They have a little area there off Dania.
Where they where they drag into the illegals
in the boat.
Smugglers know what to prep.
They bring us in there.
What's what's the pride?
I don't know in the boat.
So I had to dummy up.
I said, what you know I said they dragged us in there.
They want to what's the problem.
But we're just doing a routine safety inspection.
This routine safety inspection took 45 minutes.
Nice.
They took everything out of every compartment pulled the,
you know, the big boat.
They pulled the bed.
Each everything apart.
And I said to the guy there's two of them on the boat.
And I said to the guy I want to be on the boat.
Yeah.
I said I want to be on the boat to watch the son of a bitch.
I was pissed.
The weather wasn't cute up.
Yeah.
And I said,
I said this is ridiculous.
I said what are they doing on there?
They're conducting a safety inspection.
All right.
I said I don't know what the hell they're doing.
Maybe they're planting something.
And the guy they all have their,
yeah.
That's exactly what I said to them.
Oh, oh.
I said this isn't Germany is it?
And the guy looked at it with a crappy attitude.
45 minutes later they found absolutely nothing.
And you know they let us go with nothing.
But nice.
45 minutes.
Welcome to America sir.
I keep talking.
You think that this is the land of the free?
You're living in the past.
I said to the guy I want to watch what they're doing.
He says this is not your boat and you can't.
I said what if the owner of the boat gives information?
He said no.
So you know they could have planted anything on that boat
and hauled us all in.
Yeah.
You know it was unbelievable.
But uh,
glad you had a nice day.
Jeff Rosner Scott Bernstein, Mike Simon,
you can all kiss my ass.
All right.
Okay.
567-0560, pound five sixty on the mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in North Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yes.
Uh, this is Taylor.
Uh huh.
Five year old kid.
567-0560, pound five sixty.
What's some adult called and put a little kid on here?
We don't play those games.
Okay, assholes.
We don't call up on a radio show and put our little
punky kids on here.
Let them call up a tinky winky or somebody like that.
Okay.
Somebody more to his own liking.
Here's Virginia key.
Hello.
Hi, I'm Daniel.
Yes, sir.
I was gone last week.
I was curious a couple things.
Did you obviously start a new national institute of
health report about medical marijuana?
Yes.
I was curious if you did see that.
Yes, I did.
I mentioned it.
Yeah, but you know, the reason there was no response as usual.
Yeah.
No matter what it is we talk about.
There was no response.
The reason that it is non-carcinogenic or less much,
significantly less carcinogenic is that nicotine itself,
the substance nicotine might paralyze the little things in your lungs
that move all the back.
I don't know what.
Does your little thing...
Well, you get a little hair, a little micro-vola
like things in your lungs that move all the...
You know when you're hacking up the drag and all the crap that's in there?
Well, when you smoke cigarettes they can't do that.
So that such stage of pools in your lungs
and makes leach and so on, that's what turns into cancer.
Well, that doesn't happen with...
With water.
So you need to be able to hack and up your slingies.
Yeah.
And that's the reason why their system...
Their cleansing system is working normally with you.
And it also went the most important thing in that article
was where it said that there was absolutely no...
No evidence that marijuana is a drug that leads to any other kind of drug use
and that all of that is mythology and the bunch of bullcrap.
I was amazed that they would actually go that far.
It really was.
That was shocking.
It's been in capital letters.
It should have been in the headlines.
We don't already know that.
And you know, the...
You could have also had a big headline saying
nobody's not going off 7-Eleven's store to get money to buy weed with.
That's right.
Another thing is if it was cooked and not busted
it is absolutely unquestionably non-carcinogenic
and it cannot be the only, of course, drug known,
that you count over there.
Excellent.
God bless you, sir.
And thank you so much.
There you go.
Quick smoke and those damn cigarettes.
Okay.
Start smoking and wicked weed.
That's what we say.
There you go.
I don't care who likes it and who don't like it.
Don't overdo it.
Don't spend half of the day well picking out the seeds.
I can't stand people to do that.
You can pick a few seeds out of your...
Correct them.
...not out of that pot.
This country man in the stone age and the dark ages.
Oh, did he once inhale?
Did he inhale?
Yeah.
He inhaled in the monarchy inhale.
Okay, big deal.
Who cares?
In fact, I see a tremendous...
A tremendous similarity between the two things, okay?
Between his thing and her thing.
Did he inhale?
Oh my God.
If he inhaled one little hit of a joint, we know that that makes you...
If you took a hit and that makes you unfit,
isn't that what Johnny Cochrane says?
Something like that.
Or if you do a quit, you're full of...
Whatever rhymes with a quit.
A bunch of baloney, man.
I'm telling you, it's not just me sitting here saying this.
This is what the real world is all about.
When are you going to come out of your ivory towers?
When are you going to stop with all this baloney with the...
With the thorny crown and all this...
Horrible, the thorny crown was the horny crown.
He was getting the horny here and all these stories for crying out loud.
Every time somebody touched themselves, he had to hear about it.
You'd get horny too after a while.
Well, he couldn't do anything.
He was the son of God, you know?
He wouldn't be godly because, you know,
cleanliness is next to godliness.
As in...
Squirt, Squirt.
Give him a towel, will you?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Yeah, the...
Cross is getting so heavy, you can't hold it up straight in the cross either.
And there are those of you going and subsidizing this crap every week,
so every week you're...
And then I love the people who say,
oh well, we're not really into that part of it, but what?
So what are you supporting it for?
What do you like subsidizing it?
And perpetuating all these things, all this crap.
I call you people who are going to go out and buy this a month of this year.
Huh?
Although I do like the month of pizza in La Zanya.
I've been eating it pizza lot, but nevertheless,
when at least that taste good, you've had moths,
so it tastes like cardboard, it's crackers.
You've got to be crackers to eat it.
Oh, but it's unleavened.
Well, I y'all, big deal.
Unleavened.
Ghosty's sander leavened.
Ghosty's siddler leavened.
He'll take care of the hill bless you.
Then you eat all the bread you want.
Let's run with a good piece of rye bread, huh?
All you can't have in any eggens.
Oh, I think I'm going to spit up another mushroom in a second.
Better watch.
Neil.
Yeah.
You've gained the traditional horror houses,
and you've tried the local escort service.
But the big problem with this is, you're a real busy guy,
and your life moves real fast.
You don't have all that time it takes for your horn to get on dress,
get ready, do the job, and then get paid.
You just want to get in, get out,
get in and out, in and out, and then go.
Well, then you're going to love this.
It's the all new hump and go.
The prostitution station you've been dreaming of.
Once you drive up to a hump and go,
you'll see an escalator at the front door.
Hop on.
At the top of the escalator,
you'll see one of our many fine prostitutes all ready to go.
Once again, hop on.
Hump and go also has pay at the hump service too.
On the headboard, you'll see a little slot for your credit card.
Once you're done, just slide the card in and you're ready to go.
It's the all new hump and go.
The fastest f***ing thing in town.
It's 1214 at 560 QIM.
Here's our great letter to the internet today.
Every day, there's at least one.
This, not in the herald today, but in the sun sentinel.
How do you like that?
Let's hear it.
Come sentinel.
Short but sweet from George D.
Tatar or that Tatar.
T-A-T-A-R.
Tatar in Pompedo Beach, who's obviously an old fart.
And the headline on the letter says,
that's why they're called the golden years.
The letter says, very short.
Who says retirees are not productive?
I contribute to the livelihood of a general practitioner.
A dermatologist, a podiatrist, a dentist, and their staff.
End of letter.
How can we left out the proctologist?
Correct, Bill.
And the funeral parlor, huh?
What are you trying to say, George Tatar?
I'm dying on the land.
Yeah, well don't wait too long, sweetheart.
He's contributing.
He's going to all the doctors, all the fakers out there, all the quacks.
By the way, where is those other test results from Dr. Mark Laporta?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's the mobile in Boynton V, chill out.
A meal.
Yes, sir.
How's it going?
Great.
I got a good styrofoort for you.
Yeah.
The quarter of Old Boynton Road, about a mile west of I-95,
stake and shake.
Really?
Yeah.
They're just putting the foundation down right now.
All right.
That means they're going to be all over town.
Thank God for that.
Yeah, I was doing Tampa about six months ago.
And I asked the manager, he said they're coming over here, you know, soon.
So they're going to be...
You had an article about that a few months ago,
but I thought it was another one of those false promises, you know?
Another big job.
Actually, there's a crane putting the sign up right now.
Excellent.
Yeah.
Best do what I've heard all year.
I know. I thought you looked like that.
Thank you, sir.
No problem.
And don't shake it too hard.
Let's go to stake and shake it, okay?
There you go.
I finally come in down here.
I've taken her life in her hands.
Maybe they're planning on serving her glass of fizzy water with every meal too, huh?
For George to end his harder problem?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's for a lottery.
Hello?
Hi, God.
Yes, sir.
I got a total of 38-foot boat and he went in.
Know what that's happening?
Why is that?
They're freaking liberals.
They keep going on like that too.
Oh, the liberals are the ones who created the police state.
I thought it was the...
Oh, you don't believe it.
Huh!
Huh, what a shock that is to me.
Go Red Wing.
Yeah, uh-huh.
Asshole.
Asshole.
What I tell you, the Red Wing fans are the assholes.
Most of them.
One call left on the board.
This guy gets a material pal.
Once in your life, get some material.
Have something to say.
Is that possible in your case?
No.
600 years this assholes been caught.
With the same lack of material.
God, Red Wing.
Yeah, nice job yesterday.
It's Philadelphia, by the way.
Nice blowjob.
Even Kathy was embarrassed.
Even Monica couldn't believe it.
Teen that hasn't won a game in 12 games, they got him down 3-1 and then 4-2.
Late in the game and all of a sudden...
They stick it in there 3 times, man.
Nice going, Red Wing.
In fact, I think they've won like 3 times in their last 10 games.
They're a hot as a...
much of all.
On ice.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Keep pumping those numbers, Neil.
Keep pumping them, maybe.
Give them out over and over and over again.
Just maybe somebody out there might have something.
Even though it is Monday, of course.
And even though you're up there on the third floor,
where things aren't working out too great for you.
Here's a mobile-in-boyton V.
Hello.
Neil, relax.
You can have a cord area now.
I'm not.
No, okay.
I got to do this every day.
It's the only way you can do it.
Don't you understand where you are, sir?
I'm driving.
I don't live in Boynt Beach.
I'm driving south.
I live in Plantation.
Oh, okay.
I've an Acton's inquiry for you.
Hey, what?
Acton's diet question for you.
I'm on the diet for 2 weeks and I'll lose a pound.
And then I eat the...
I hate the...
Macadamia nuts and the cream cheese.
And I go into ketosis.
I lose 3 pounds right away.
Then I go back to the 14-day diet, not cheating.
And I don't lose a pound again.
Mm-hmm.
What am I doing wrong?
I got an answer for a solution for your problem, sir.
If I can't do a command and okay, we'll take your picture and put it in the book.
567-0560, 05-60, 05-60 on the mobile one line.
Like all of a sudden, I'm the...
I'm the diet doctor.
Oh, I am right at 200 pounds today.
I've got news for you tomorrow when I come in here.
You're listening to this?
No, you're not, George.
When I come in here tomorrow,
on that scale, under 200 pounds,
you can bet your life on it.
Not mine.
No, seriously.
And that guy that just called bet his life on it too.
And without any thing worth much at this point.
Boy, look at how much of this I had to throw out.
Too much.
I could take it home.
Huh?
You could.
I'm gonna take it home, finish it later.
Thanks again, Brad over at Tony's.
That was a great cop salad, by the way.
Even Lee J. Cobb would be proud.
That's more like it.
That's the kind of stuff I got to start eating now for a few weeks.
Cleanse that, live around.
Not hold my breath and wait for the doctors to tell me something.
You've got to figure it all out for yourself.
You got to take your own blood sugar.
You got to take your own blood pressure.
My blood sugar this morning was 106 coming to work.
Nice go in the up.
No pills, by the way, yesterday or last night.
Get off those pills.
Take that microdase throw in the toilet.
Start doing it right.
Start monitoring your own thing.
And oh wait for some doctors to tell you something.
They don't know.
I'm telling you, this is the damn truth.
Most doctors don't know they're asked from your elbow.
Believe me.
And by the way, did we get those other test results yet?
No.
No.
Can we hear from the guy from Cleveland Clinic in weeks now?
No.
No.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's a mobile and crawl spring.
Hello.
Hello.
Okay, that was, I did that.
Well, I was, okay, look, the choice was,
I had a piece of lettuce that I dropped on there.
Either I was going to like pick up the piece of lettuce
or talk to whoever that pose I was.
I did the right thing.
I picked up the piece of lettuce.
I don't want to mess up our nice instrument over here.
Here's a mobile and medley.
Hello.
I did the elf.
Yes, sir.
With the shoes in almost all over the hockey,
how do you think Berks don't compare to
we at these band-beats for the year?
I think he's done pretty damn well.
John Berks has done a great job, sir,
and unfortunately, because the people
are a bunch of knuckleheads,
they don't appreciate him the way they should.
He's been phenomenal.
He's been great.
I think he said one of his best years
with the team's best years ever had in his life.
He looks real confident out there.
Right.
And that's not the only thing.
Let's not see any more of that Kirk McLean business
like we saw in Los Angeles,
Saturday night.
I agree.
Three goals in five seconds.
I hope they never put them in again.
Okay. Thank you.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Two calls I got left on the board,
and then it's music, baby.
I'm going to sit there and finish that salad
if it's the last thing I do.
I'm cleansing my liver out.
Don't interrupt me with my cleansing experience.
Because I got this thorny crown
that you keep pressing deeper and deeper.
Every time I have to give the numbers out,
I have to press that thorny crown
deeper into my skull.
And you wonder why I'm a little under the weather lately?
Every time I have to pump the phone numbers on this show,
the nails get driven deeper and deeper into.
Two, good.
Hands.
That's right.
You notice how we have an
one person call they show you today
who admits that they believe that.
You see, this is the thing.
When you start getting specific,
then all of a sudden they dummy up.
They disappear because no person in his right mind would say
they believe that crap.
How could a sane rational person say they believe?
All of these things.
Huh?
I ask you that.
They be laughed off the face of the globe.
They just like drag.
That's why they like to poke.
They like a guy that runs around in a dress.
Huh?
With a bad beanie on.
And really bad breath.
Can you imagine what they're all?
You think Josh Friedman smells bad, you know what?
Stop and think of all the schmottes
that those get keys over there in the Vatican
are wearing all the time,
especially in the summer where it gets to be
about 93 in Rome.
Here's Carl Springs.
Hi, Dylan.
They are great.
They should tell you double to listen to
these idiots.
Yeah.
And you should get paid double.
Yeah, either that one.
And we'll call you yesterday.
Excellent.
What?
Excellent place.
The envelope calls the Chinese place of
New Zealand.
I've seen your face in the picture on the wall.
That's what makes it so good.
Yeah.
It's excellent though.
That was a great choice.
Okay, thanks, Fred.
And he's knocking the other call us.
Thank you for endorsing our sponsors.
There should be nothing to say.
56670560.560 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in high alia.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Can you hear me?
Okay.
I hear you fine.
Just like your next door.
I'm inside pubics and I wasn't sure how to.
Just like your inside publics.
I hear you.
All right.
Good.
Well, in case,
funny you should mention I was calling.
All doctors should be taking out
the pack and a lot of shots.
Yeah.
My very good friend has been using
what's his crap that they give you when you don't know what to have.
And it ruins your body.
Anyway, it made them into a diabetic.
And may I have you a diabetic?
Yeah, it's a.
I can't remember the word.
A court of some.
Oh, yeah, exposed.
You know, yeah, extended use of court of some.
Did you have a kind of right?
That's right.
So they give them our diabetic.
Don't use it.
Go go go anywhere near it.
They give them a pill.
And what happens is I guess is diabetes is diabetes is not so strong
that they can be controlled with a pill.
But if you take the whole pill,
he goes down to zero sugar and he passes out.
They can go down to zero sugar.
That's that.
Oh, not zero, but I mean,
poor thing.
Yeah, it's not a point where you just,
he passes out.
Right.
And this is going on for weeks.
Yeah.
Whatever you take.
If he passes that,
if he doesn't take it,
he's a 190 sugar or whatever.
Yeah.
So, um,
what does it take like a half of?
No, why doesn't he go find another doctor?
Don't tell me.
I mean, that's two.
Which that desperate,
you can't just start experimenting yourself.
Don't be giving him advice.
Find him a real doctor that knows something.
But wait, he goes to his doctor and he just,
he has to take a, he just,
yeah, maybe that might work.
Why don't you try that?
Right.
There you go.
Um, yeah, we'll kind of adopt you.
Just like I'm telling you,
they put me on this hydrochlorothiastide.
This doctor over a Cleveland Clinic
who's supposed to be such a big hot shot
because he once saw a Pov'el Burin naked.
Uh, this guy puts me on 50 milligrams.
Now, seriously,
they put me on 50 milligrams of this drug.
It's a real pile.
I don't need 50 milligrams.
I don't need a blood pressure of 80 over 50, okay?
That's barely alive.
A hundred over 60 is fine.
110 over 70.
I'm happy with, okay?
So now I'm just,
I'm like chewing up like a third of the pill every day.
My pressure is beautiful.
I don't need to destroy my kidneys and my body
with 50 milligrams of this drug.
But you got to, you know,
you got to be your own doctor, sir,
because these guys are killing me.
Yeah, you have to.
This poor Beth is driving around
almost passing out pulling yourself on a highway.
And it does is a lot of no just taking
stuff like a good lawsuit to me, sir.
I think there need to be a lot more lawsuits
is what I think.
A lot more practice.
I see you should do the doctors and the lawyers.
There you go.
Don't forget me.
I should have.
Okay.
That's right.
A bunch of, a bunch of, uh,
fakers,
fakers and shakers and quickers.
They don't tend anything.
Give your son a dance.
A bunch of double talk.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap.
Tell me something.
Okay.
Tell me something concrete.
Something specific.
Something useful.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap.
Yeah, that's what you get.
That's why you got to read and you got a scour
and you got to look like I did over the weekend.
Try to find out what that all these blood tests
results me.
What's going on in my life in my body?
What am I doing right?
What am I doing wrong?
Cleanse out that liver.
Get some energy back.
I only wish that this audience had the energy
this morning that I got.
Then we'd have a show here today.
That's right.
I got piss and vinegar, baby.
In fact, that's what I just had in my salad.
That's what made it so good.
Thanks a lot, Brad.
Next time stick to the vinegar, all right?
Plus.
Got a little carried away over there.
Well, I'm the only guy excited, Brad.
You only need squirt, squirt.
Correct the free plug.
Like I said, the only show in America
where they not only bring you the food
free right to your door.
They thank you for ordering from them for free.
Huh?
Stop and think about that.
Thanks for allowing us to bring you a free lunch today.
You're welcome.
Seriously.
They're tick, they're, they're honored.
They're delighted.
And we got these fakers on this radio station.
They know something about radio.
Who thinks that they're big shots.
Drop it all these names all over the place.
You know, when you really, when you've really got it made,
they bring it to you and they say,
and it's for free, of course.
And they say, thank you for honoring us
with choosing us to bring you a free lunch today.
And we say, okay.
Get out of here.
That's what we say.
Call you when we need you again.
Get out.
Closing down my dinner, go on.
Build the cars in Monica, the China.
Yeah.
When the mission way go, Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind.
Welcome.
Yes.
Well, he don't know where a stocky goes.
I can see how there was some confusion between humor,
and the door and human horrors.
And then I can saw the term Cedar Box
mean saw her naked stars report
can lead to gold with lines.
Now, pretend he was working hard
late nights in the overy oven,
working on a practical joke.
He took a mac and noodle for an exploding,
loading for Monica was blowing rings a smoke.
Build the cars in Monica, the China.
She let's out of Giggle.
Every time he makes it way go, Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind.
But a cigar and herb a China she don't mind.
All people feel that Hillary's been made a fool of by her husband.
Feel that Hillary was wronged.
Up in the Lincoln bedroom, she was born in morning.
Now, go was doing her with bills, old bombs.
Build the cars in Monica, the China.
She let's out of Giggle.
Every quick and time he makes it way go, Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind.
No.
Every time he makes it way go, Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind.
That's tricky.
Monica did it.
That's what it was.
Eight-minute mobsters, Dallas Cowboys,
Troy, the boy, eight-minute,
attended two parties hosted by Dominic Montemarano.
However, the newspaper said that wasn't suspected of any wrongdoing.
Eight-minute agent Lee Steinberg said the three-time superbowl winner had little contact with Montemarano.
He went there with a friend David Norrie and never really spent any time with a guy.
Okay, some guy.
Former UCLA quarterback.
What do you think they were doing there?
Here's a mobile and sunrise.
Hello.
Yes.
Okay, what was it?
Now, what was that?
567-0560, 560 on a mobile one line.
Maybe if I give these phone numbers a little bit, whatever, couldn't get it.
But what do you say is you're going your rectum?
Okay, have a good time doing it, pal.
567-0560.
What is it would just happen with that?
That guy got shoved off in that sentence there.
And you wonder where I think there's people patching around with his phone?
That guy got cut off in the middle of the sentence the one two calls ago.
I'll wait.
What, what is it?
Hang up.
Yeah.
Oh, I don't want to hear no music.
I want the sounds of silence.
I don't want to hear no music.
Don't be spoon feeding these people.
What we got, the next break in about three or four minutes here.
We can, we can have three or four minutes of dead air.
They're used to that in this station.
Every time they do one of those outside deals, which is almost every show in the station.
They have at least, what, 15-20 minutes of dead air.
And all those distorted spots.
We're waiting.
567-0560.
And pound 56-0560 on the mobile one line.
Mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil, how you doing today?
Okay.
All right.
Another day at the range.
Just wanted to tell you I'm a closet fan of yours.
Yeah.
I mentioned at the office that I, I listened to you and I'd get me some trouble.
Why is that?
Anyways.
Why is that?
Because they mentioned words like, I'm not a colon and all this.
Uh-huh. Well, that's pretty boring.
Tell me where the 20th century.
Yeah.
I would just want to talk to about one of the things we were mentioning.
Just remember the one person that says I'm not a colon.
That's the mod of colon.
That's the one that's worrying about it too much, huh?
Mm-hmm.
Anyways, I saw doctors basically, I rooted my mother just giving her pills and pills.
And one pill would cause her to have to take some other pills and so on and so forth until her whole system was almost up.
So, um, at least personally, I'm taking, I'm taking it where, if I don't have to take, unless I really, really have to take a pill, I'm not going to take it.
Just naturally or, and usually the body will tell you what it wants as far as foods or whatever you need to get better.
Mm-hmm.
Exactly.
I just want to pass that on because I think the doctors try to fix too many things with pills.
Okay.
All right.
Evan Wright, Acer.
Where's those faxes, by the way, from Dr. Mark?
567-0560-0.560-0.60-1.
The one that Hank will be up in VR today, we have no idea why.
He's doing his show from 2 to 6.
Big, big, Big Boog Shombie.
Oh, people, there's too much longer.
He'll be of his thing that Big Broadcast moves in the sky if he keeps eating up the storm.
Boog Shombie, 6 to 10.
I've kept him at 10 o'clock tonight.
Here's the mobile and open park.
Hello?
Yeah, now.
Yes, sir.
Oh, it's coming back on a phone that works.
Here's a mobile and four-lotterdale.
Hello?
New.
Yes, sir.
God, how you doing?
Okay.
I can, for two weeks, lost 13 pounds.
Great.
Saturday, I went to that racing home stand.
There was a reunion of Rednecks.
Yeah.
All of them drinking.
There was something more beer than God knows what they're saying.
Well, that's what that's all about.
It's a Rednecks thing.
Okay, so call up Joe Castello.
He'll be on the Sunday, Acerity Morning.
Anybody here, Joe Castello, or show Saturday?
No.
6 o'clock in the morning.
Anybody in the starting and top six from Saturday morning?
No.
I didn't hear it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, PON 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
We've come to the end of the road here today, boys and girls.
I'm going to pack up my little kid's bag and move on to a real place.
That's what I'm going to do.
I'm going to move onward and upward into a real place where we actually have some people
want to talk.
These people don't want to talk to me anymore.
You can only squeeze so much blood out of a turnip.
I get the message.
I'm not that slow.
I get it.
23 years is too goddamn long in one place.
Move on up to, like, maybe go back to Sarasota would be good.
They love me over there, huh?
Maybe set up shopping for buyers.
Are you going to see if I had some local, if we had some local numbers, we'd be getting
devastated with calls from Fort Myers.
We'd have calls up the ass if we were on our Naples Fort Myers, huh?
Venice.
Look at that.
Have you ever seen anything like this in your life?
Never.
In the history of my life, I've never seen anything like it.
Hi, Alia.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good afternoon.
I'm probably from Hi Alia.
Unfortunately.
That's your problem.
Yeah, I know.
Listen, I just want to say that this town has to be completely...
How can I put it dead?
I mean, there's absolutely nothing happening in this town.
No kidding.
No cramp.
You know, that's where I am.
I've got to do a sit here and look at this phone.
I know there's nothing going on here.
I'm talking to dead people.
Four hours a day.
Every day of my life.
In fact, I should get an asterisk and a goddamn rating book.
This man makes a show out of talking to dead people four hours a day.
Which ain't easy.
Yeah, that's terrible.
That's what I'm dipping out of this town on like a month.
Yeah.
You know, I mean, there's just...
I live in Atlanta for a couple of years.
And then you have jobs clubs, blues clubs.
You got places that you can actually see live bands playing.
Yeah.
And there's a few white people up there too.
Not too many.
Yeah, yeah.
It's just...
I don't know.
I just want to thank you for being on the air.
You're one of the few people that does...
This is it.
This is my last day on this station, baby.
I'm getting out.
No way, really.
I'm out.
I came in here this morning feeling like I was on top of the world.
I'm out.
Six days in a row.
You know, you can get the message.
You know, I'm not that slow.
Are you still going to be in this station?
I'm out.
I'm going to go ahead in the road.
I'm putting the next sack on my back and I'm taking off.
Wow.
Good luck, you pal.
All right.
See you in Atlanta.
Yep.
Okay.
See you on Peach Tree a Road.
1240, I understand the jig is up.
Or can I say that?
Sorry.
Go take it personal.
I want to go with the living to bear.
I want to get my life built on the lake where even you don't care about my writing for me.
Or those bones and bones I want to die.
It's worth all.
All right.
I want to die.
I want to die.
I want to save my life.
You are left behind for a part where you go and go and go.
And when it's time, the head's out and fresh.
I want to go with the living to bear.
I want to die.
I want to die.
You're left behind for a part where you go and go.
I want to die.
I want to die.
I want to die.
You're left behind for a part where you go and go.
I'm going to move on.
I'm going to stay in a move on.
Living and breathing people.
They want to communicate and have a little bit of verbal intercourse.
They have IQ bigger than their thumbnail.
You say something.
They just laugh.
I've been squeezing and prodding for 23 years to my fingers.
To my fingers are numb.
5-6.
If we can't make it until 2 o'clock, George will be doing the rest of the week.
I'll come in on what day is 25th Friday.
I'll come in to get a check.
We'll go from there.
We'll organize my line.
The message is loud and clear.
It's right there staring me in the face.
How can you detoxify your liver when you're loaded with stress?
Can't do it.
5-6.
5-6.
5-6.
5-6.
Here's a mobile and Oakland par.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
down for a while, hang in there, dude.
The show sounds great.
Show sounds great with calls like this,
with people like you have nothing to say.
Well, I would look, I have a long time with her.
Well, why don't you say something about,
I've been talking about a hundred different things here today.
Why don't you say something?
If it's you.
No matter what I talk about an issue,
you started off by,
that must have been Jeff Cohen.
Is Jeff Cohen a tagging?
No, he's a Jew selling a tagging fool.
He don't know nothing about a tagging.
That's why I sang away.
And closest to you ever been to Italy
was, you know, Palm Springs, North Florida.
Well, we did the stew's cruise together.
Yeah? You and I?
Well, that's the problem. That's your problem.
What's a beautiful thing?
No, it was not. It was disgraceful.
That's the last time you ever get me on a cruise ship.
They suck.
The stew's cruise?
Yes. All out of cruise ship.
Let me say it again, sir.
Can you understand what I'm saying?
Cruise ship suck.
No, I'm trying to get stuck with it.
You're talking about it like you.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60 and Palm 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Pemberg Pines. Hello?
Hey, me, how you doing?
What can we do for you, sir?
Hey, I know the guinea here talking to the line.
What is it?
Hey, all right, listen, I used to live in Miami
about like five years back.
Yeah.
And I got stopped by a car,
particularly.
And he asked me for my license and registration and Spanish.
So I just picked up my stuff and we moved to Pemberg Pines.
Uh-huh.
Now we got all these new things to do with your pal.
Everybody in Pemberg Pines speaks Spanish to us.
You better get with it.
And so did that guy.
Yeah.
Of course. Now they're spec.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Good afternoon, sir Rogers.
Yes.
OK, I just heard some wonderful news.
Yes.
And Rebero has retired.
Have you heard anything about that?
No, I have not.
All I heard was music under this morning.
Well, the car has retired.
Has retired and his sidekick didn't show up.
So what does that mean?
All I heard was music.
I kept waiting here.
Henry or Roger or somebody on there?
All right.
Well, I just heard a snippet that he had retired
and Roger didn't show up this morning.
Anyway, I just thought I had a little bit of that.
Thanks for the good news.
And I'm going to be right on their heels pal.
What a day this is.
Roger, Megalyn, Henry, Barrow.
They're all hanging it up.
I'm doing the same thing too.
I'm moving on.
I'm going to go to Pokedipsy.
I'm going back to WBT in Batavia.
Talk to some real people.
Understand what life is all about.
Get some hockey fans up there.
Talk about all the fixed races of Batavia down.
We'll talk some real stuff.
These people here no matter what.
Every night, and they forget about Spanish,
no matter what you're talking to these people
like you're speaking in a foreign language.
Well, this must be the fact that it's from Dr. Mark.
But the rest of that, I don't see nothing from Dr. Mark.
Yeah.
Here's something that I have no interest in whatsoever.
Look at it.
It's the Steve Goldstein.
See, when you send faxes to the rest of the station
on our fax machines, since they got their own fax number,
this is what happens to them.
I wish I had a dollar for each sheet of paper
that we tear up every day.
Throw it away, Spats.
It's just like I'm throwing in there right now.
Faxes that are sent because they can't get it straight.
We don't have the fax machine for the sports nerds.
OK?
We don't know the sports nerds.
We don't want to know from the sports nerds.
We got nothing to do with the sports nerds.
OK?
They're in another studio.
They're in another part of this floor.
We got nothing to do with that crowd.
I don't know.
We provide them with free water.
That's about it.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
I don't know how you come back into this
to your vague karsians because they sold them depressing.
I just got back.
I started, I'm sure.
I haven't sounded this good.
My blood sugar is great.
I feel better today.
I haven't sounded this good in three months.
I come in here this morning.
I'm loaded with good material with all kinds
of provocative stuff.
And these people, I'm telling you,
I could go home and talk to my two dogs
and get better response than I get here every day of my life.
It's to say, why should I knock my ass
ahead against the wall for a few lousy bugs?
I agree.
I was on Colorado for a week.
I came back here.
I was up the young people, a town with young people,
everybody's happy kind.
Like I said before, you got drifters,
dead people, and Darryl, except what you got here.
If you haven't gone away for a while,
you come back.
It's a real bug.
Oh my god.
It's a culture shock.
It's like I'm talking to my kids.
I'm going to have to have the transmitter off today.
There must be playing games with me
since we moved up on this floor.
They must be trying to save the juice.
I still say fry his ass.
I came into Miami Airport 2, 30 in the morning,
two old bags are haggling over.
Which one stopped the cab first?
I come back yesterday.
I get on the pulmato and I'm ready to blow my brains out
or about 10 other people.
I've never seen such a bunch of derelicts driving
on a highway in my life.
Well, I wish I could say I'm glad to be back, but I'm not.
Well, god bless you, sir.
I'll see you on a highway.
See you on the old Hershey highway.
I'll be right behind you.
I'll be right ahead of you.
Five, like I said, behind you.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the in Palm 5, 6, the on the mobile one line.
See if we can make it till we got another hour,
six minutes to go until two o'clock.
Can we make it today?
No, I don't think so.
The night's headed before we started this morning.
You thought last week was going to be bad.
Wait till the day.
Because now we're right on the edge of the big holidays.
Now, which air every year and it's down.
Forget that.
See, we always got an excuse.
Oh, well, it's such and such a day.
Spring has sprung.
We got pace off coming.
We got Easter coming.
We got the moon is in Uranus.
Well, there are always some deal.
If it else got the woodpecker going again,
there's always some excuse why these people are in a coma.
Why they're actively apathetic and indifferent.
I'm going to tell you, doing a show in this town
is about as much fun as having a cerebral hemorrhage.
No wonder Henry Burrow hung it up.
That's amazing.
Right on the heels of all that Mark Benson
who's been listed about those horrible ratings
they had on that show.
And he retired there.
There's got to be more of the story than that.
There's got to be more than meets the eye than just Henry Burrow
retired.
Didn't I tell you though?
I must be my suck because I never turn over there.
My psychic vibrations told me turn on wax
you this morning coming to work.
And I hear all this syrupy music.
I don't hear any voice.
I hear these awful sandy patent promos.
I think she was mumbling something about where are you in
when I need you now.
Here's a mobile in homestead.
Hello.
I just want to call the way to Thushback.
Yeah, okay.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Long time first time.
Okay.
Hi, I got a little bit of problem here in the yellow.
And what is that?
Sounds like it.
A girl gave me some crabs and I like not.
Yeah, go ahead and cook them up for lunch.
Here's a mobile in Kendall.
Hello.
And so I'm going to help.
And our last call of the Neil Rogers show on QA
in mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, I just actually moved down here from Atlanta.
Yeah.
And two days ago in turn, the scanner on to find out
what A& Station actually has controversy.
I finally found you and what you're telling me
you're going to leave.
This is it.
In fact, you're the last call.
You could write this in your diary.
Don't answer anymore.
This is my line.
No, don't answer anymore calls.
This is your my last call.
Wonder if I'll play music.
It's really sad to see you go because I found a radio station
that had some controversy in this town.
Yeah.
There's no life here, pal.
This is I've got to go somewhere where I can talk to people.
These people don't want to speak to me anymore.
I think it's the maybe people don't speak English down.
Yeah, that's a big part of the problem.
No speaking glaze.
Sorry to see you go too many losers.
Okay, good luck to pal.
Bye bye.
You'll be going home soon.
1257 at 560.
Come that's our last call.
Neil Rogers in Miami.
That won't be in the paper.
Channel six moves to Miramar.
And that's invoked papers.
Big story.
Yeah.
Big deal.
Doesn't mention there at Tony Cigaretteo
and at bitch Jennifer Polapi demanded to be hauled
in a limo with a working back here.
But he doesn't mention that and there it doesn't.
No.
No, gotta be city link to find that out.
That's a new story.
1257 at 560.
WQM B. Permania is $12 for one year offers
been extended for the fourth week.
Kudos to Albert Tico, the owner of B. Permania
for surrendering to popular man
and stretching one week off
or into a full month.
How do you like that guy?
Oh, by the way,
what's your mind you have B. Permania?
Well, it's only B. Paggot right now.
This is Debbie.
Oh, hi, Debbie.
I made a student getting through operations time.
Okay.
And some body contouring and some liposuction.
Mm-hmm.
And I was wondering if it's some tummy tuck
and lip augmentation, cosmetic breast surgery
face fit for all of these things.
Mm-hmm.
And there's wondering.
What was extra work?
Well, I need to get everything done.
Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed
is my thing.
Okay, we don't do that.
No. Could you do breast implants though?
Uh, I can't be done,
but I know what they would do right away.
The lotion in the basket.
Mm-hmm.
How much?
Uh, 5,000.
Excellent.
I'd like to have my skin resurface too.
Laser surgery.
Have the lamb stop crying yet, mommy?
Hey, excuse me.
Don't hurt mommy's little baby.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV.
Okay.
Can you make me look more like a woman?
Well, we'll have to see you first
and then upon looking at you, we can tell you that when we see you.
Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts, mommy?
Uh, if you'd like to.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Would you like to make an appointment?
Yes.
Okay.
Um, there is a $100 consultation fee.
That's fine.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Um, my name is Buffalo Bill.
Okay, let me get a little information from you.
Okay, just one moment.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Do you want to come in for a consultation
and say, what's the lotion in the basket?
Uh, okay.
Would you like to make an appointment?
Do you want to call me back?
Here.
What's the lotion in the basket?
I understand.
I got my skin suit and it looks like, uh.
Bill.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand that.
What's the lotion in the basket?
What'd you like to make an appointment?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Okay.
I will talk to you in a bit.
Okay.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Hello.
Hello.
Hey, it's good number, Henry Burrow.
It's good number.
It was good.
109 is 560 WQM.
It's our new format, a little sample, all music, all day, from 10 to 2.
Hey, listen, if we're going to break up the sports, why don't we have to do what we
talk?
What's wrong with?
Little music.
Everyday 10 to 2.
I don't have to sit here and beg for a stupid phone call.
These people that they don't want that.
They want to sit back and relax, be entertained.
Little great music, man, with my beautiful taste.
Have a 30-year-by-the-middle of a June.
Take any bullshit on there.
Okay, 114 to 560 WQM.
Here's a very, very sad facts from one of our regular listeners who's also a chronic
faxed by the way, Bob.
I see where you're from, Bob, but the, yeah.
Here's my observation.
He says, in the local areas in which your signal reaches, you have four different types
of listeners.
One, people are afraid to call because you may disagree with them and rip them an ass.
Two, people are afraid to call because their friends may hear them and think they're
faxed.
Three, cornices.
And I looked at that and I didn't understand what he meant with numbers.
I'll get to it in a second.
Four, people like me.
We love this show.
Call once a week.
But sometimes, sometimes when you call us cornices, which discourages us from calling.
And see when I got to number four there, I assume that he means chronic spelled, C-O-R-N-I-C-I-E-S.
C-O-R-N-I-C-E-S.
Cornices, chronic.
Okay.
Cornices.
There's nothing worse than a cornice regular.
I love the show.
Couldn't get throughout the day without you in Georgia.
I think the one way to solve the problem is to get QA to put you on a new market.
That'll get new blood in the audience.
If the rich doctor lures on the California cross the US, you get a settlement so on.
Is that going to happen, Bob?
No.
No.
So we're stuck with our cornices, I guess.
I do have a corn on one of my toes, my one of my smaller toes on the right foot.
Where's that cornice?
Let's take a poll here.
Music or some talk, huh?
That's what we're going to start in tomorrow.
We're adjusting the format because obviously the town is run dry.
I'm loaded with material.
I'm full of good crap, okay?
I'm getting like a second wind, a third wind in this place.
But the audience, I've been predicting this for weeks.
You heard me say it.
They're running out.
It's like when the water starts.
You open up the tap and it starts slow into a trickle.
It's like, uh-oh, uh-oh.
You've been able to, you could smell it.
5, 6, 7, don't answer them.
I'll pick them up cold here.
Instant survey.
Find out the future of this show.
I don't think we have one on this station.
Of course, we're acting as for those ball games two days in a row.
That's really helpful.
Another one there.
Thursday.
You hear that in that promo?
These Marlon games.
Major lawsuit sounds like the mate blowing off the audience on this show.
We were kicking serious ass.
You see that last trend?
Uh-huh.
I'm kicking ass.
All of a sudden they stick these Marlon games on here.
We can't buy a call for $50,000.
Okay, here's the deal.
If you'll call right now, Greg Reed will give you a million dollars in cash.
Not?
He'll give you a million dollars and bring it to your house and give it to you in small bills.
Not?
Huh?
5, 6, and look at this.
Even now on the poll.
There's some kind of, there's something going on here.
Look at that.
Two lines not ringing on our instant survey here.
The future of this goddamn radio show.
There is something going on with this phone.
There's something since we moved up on this floor and you look at me like, eh, you know, I'm telling you.
I've been doing this to goddamn long to think that all of a sudden we move from one place down stairs to another.
And you tell me, oh, what, I don't come in in the same place and they're back with their upside down.
Well, it doesn't roll over.
Even my dog rolls over better than these goddamn lines.
Q-A-N.
See?
See what I'm telling you?
How is that possible?
How can they, how can they roll over if they're doing that?
What?
They're not.
They're not.
There you go again, Greg.
Take your mono nucleosis and all your other illness and go home, okay?
Talk to somebody who knows how to run a radio station and come in here and give us some stuff that works.
They put us up here and he's new in his bearing four walls.
And I'm ready to walk out of here because I got a goddamn phone system.
Oh, this is the brand new phone system we were supposed to have.
Remember that?
Yeah, another lie.
Another lie.
Did we get it?
No, we didn't get it.
I have to get our program director running down the hall of the production studio to get Felix the cat down there to shut the thing up.
We got vibrating studios here this morning.
Even Kathy Willis would have been embarrassed by that.
Even that bitch here in summers would have been psychotic.
She'd have been screaming for the honeybears.
Q-A-N.
Hello.
Yes, sir?
Yeah, I want to talk to you.
Speaking.
New?
Yes.
Oh, hey, what's up, man?
Look, I just wanted to say, look, I appreciate everything that you've done because I'm only 20 years old and I've been listening to you for a really, really long time.
Yeah.
You know, and I want to say that, you know, that this town is full of crops.
Yeah.
I've been noticing that since I was 20 years old.
At first I didn't believe in how to do it.
Ever since we were young,
I would just recently started noticing that.
Oh, no, I just thought I noticed that two or three years ago.
No, I thought you just said you were 20 years old.
Okay.
Yeah.
Are you following that one?
Q-A-N.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
How you doing today?
Okay.
Good.
It sounded to me like our first caller on the poll was full of crap to me.
Oh, absolutely.
How are you?
Great.
What can we do for you, sir?
Well, I just want to talk about this thing about the church and so forth.
No, no, no.
We're going to forget it.
It's too late.
When I wanted to talk about that, you wouldn't call me, okay?
This is what the audience, like tomorrow, I'll be getting, you know, a week from a circus, I'll be getting calls about that.
About the thorny, horny head and the crowns in the stick in your nail and your thing.
I'm taking a poll now, sir.
My livelihood is hanging in the balancer.
And if you think I'm kidding, you may be right.
Okay.
I have to sit here and act like some kind of a supple, like a suckling, like a cornice.
That's our audience.
I'm serious.
I'm talking to idiots here every day.
Chronic's, CO-R-N-I-C-E-S.
Is that how I wonder why by the end of the bell month, sir, I thought it was a-
Yeah, something like that.
Oh, I'm serious, man.
You people are killers and you wonder why anybody with a brain bailed out of this town a long time ago.
And every time, see, I got news for I've gotten-
And the reason I felt so much better this morning when I came in, and I'm not making this up, I adopted a whole new outlook on life.
I don't live here.
I live out of town, but only I see a lot of people live here during the week and they live-
But they go away on the weekend.
I live elsewhere, and I want to come here to work Monday through Friday.
And every weekend, I'm gone pretty much, huh?
And then, like, I'm vacation time.
Then I'm wherever I really live.
I don't really live here.
I'm just here to work, hanging out during the week.
And I thought to myself, oh, right.
Yeah, I can live with that.
And then I come in here.
How about you, QAM?
Aint real.
Yes, sir.
Hey, sorry to bother you.
Listen, I'm-
What do you mean sorry to bother me? What does that mean?
Well, first of all, with the phones, if you call in a dial more than 30 times, it hangs up on you. That's the problem.
What do you mean by that?
I will sit here, calling your show, phone dial and dial and dial on the way.
What do you mean, dial me ringing?
Oh, ringing, I'm sorry.
Yeah.
Ringing 30 times, then I'll send it to get a business signal.
You got to re-dial the phone number.
That's what's the problem is.
People are calling up and they're going to have to be dialed.
But they're sitting here dead. They're not ringing it almost at the time.
Well, I call blank.
Why do you do it when you-
As soon as you said that, what I'm just going out?
When I called last week, I got a business signal.
Like, you know, when you leave the phone off the hook, one of those were a lot of mattress ones.
Right.
So somebody's obviously posh-
Well, they're posh-
What are your phone lines?
They're trying to put me out of business here.
And our program director is sitting there worried about what kind of desk I'm going to buy them.
Right.
Now listen, I only call you when I have information.
He said, I don't waste your time.
You say, call up if you have something halfway decent.
Well, you know, people call up the home, you'll play this bit.
How are you even settled for cornices?
Well, I have an Apple Spireport.
I went to the Gair Nationals this week in Engenzel and I saw your buddy, Brian Cox.
Yeah.
So my brother's next home.
He is.
Yeah.
My brother's talking to me and I'm standing right next to him.
He's on the other side of the fence.
He's up there.
I guess he's giving money to some guy for drag racing.
A brother who drag racing motorcycle.
So my-
Yeah.
And my brother's saying, hey, Brian, I'm going to my brother.
He's like, hey, Brian, who's this?
Brian looks at me and my brother says, you don't know who this is?
And they're like, who is this?
And he goes, that's Brian Cox.
Who's that?
Brian's like, oh man.
He's like, what the f**k?
Don't give me that.
So I walk about five, six away from the fence and turn off the fence.
Hey, Neil Rogers says, hi, he just looked at me with these real big guys.
Uh-huh.
So that was it.
Okay, thanks for the report.
Was that any good?
No.
He said he only called my aunt something good for us.
Was that any good?
No.
But anyway.
So my-
Okay, five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T where else not-
Are they responding to my poll question here?
No.
This is not a joke.
I like the music myself.
Stress free.
I'll live another 20 years.
I-
Because I'm not walking.
Now I'll tell you that right now.
If you think I'm going to get up and take a walk, you're dreaming.
I show up airing God damn day.
I've missed two days in the last 14 months here.
Two sick days.
Right?
And you were out one day, uh, filing for illegal alien whatever that was.
Yeah.
So between the two of us three days we've been out.
We're not like some of these other people show up like once or twice a week, you know.
And then we're out looking at our one because we had a bad day at the track or something.
We're here airing God damn day.
Rain, snow, shine, sleep, we show up.
And I'll still be here.
And I got news for, I can afford to go.
I got the 17 different American Express cards.
I can go to Blockbuster.
I can go to, uh, what's the one in the mall there?
Camelot.
I can go every God damn.
Records aren't by CDs that haven't been pressed yet by artists that haven't been born yet.
I'll have music coming out of your back.
I'll know that Henry Burrow thing or two and how did this guy know Henry Burrow we tired?
Where'd that come from?
They weren't on.
So how the hell is the unless, unless of course somebody called up Sandy.
That's possible, huh?
You think maybe she had a collar?
Have a nice day.
Yeah.
And how's Andrew, by the way?
Let's dig her up.
Let's dig her ass up and see if there's any stretch marks on it.
WQAM.
Do you imagine that?
QAM.
Bill.
Yes, sir.
Is the question that you shocked?
Yes, I do.
Uh, QAM.
Hello.
QAM.
WQAM.
Hey, I'm, I go with the poll.
Yeah.
So the 24 hours a day, so I'm going to hear your staggered ass.
Okay, thank you.
WQAM.
QAM.
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
How about we have you from 10 to 2 and then the music the other 20 hours of the day?
Okay.
WQAM.
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
Hey, buddy.
Mission.
It's not that we like last car years, but I was working.
And it's, you know, I just don't know what you're doing.
QAM.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
Okay.
You think the dolphins are going to say 20 more?
WQAM.
Who the dolphins going to dress?
WQAM.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
Okay.
Just calling from Fort Myers over here and I want to let you know.
I've been calling for the last 45 minutes and whatever with that guy said before.
The numbers just been ringing for like 30 tries and that's right.
Because we're not answering right now.
I told you, George, don't waste your time.
Oh, is that what it is?
That's ringing and ringing.
I'm doing the screenless.
That's right.
And not only that, but look at all the money that saved you.
Well, I don't know about that.
Well, what do you mean by that?
I'm out there now.
If you're on here now, but if he would answered 40 minutes ago and you would have had a weight, you've been on hold for 40 minutes.
Oh, well, thank you very much.
Now, you can get a meaty, you're on right away.
You don't pay one extra penny.
How do you like that?
I like that very much.
We're too cheap to pay for a line for you guys over there, but at least I don't have to put you on hold.
That's great.
I appreciate that.
I've got two things for you.
Yes, sir.
First thing is, Jesus and I just got done smoking a joint and He said, don't worry about playing with yourself.
He can't feel a thing.
Uh-huh.
And the other thing is I'm wondering, next weekend I'm coming over there.
Of course, George.
Yeah.
I'm coming over there at the day, and I'm wondering if you could recommend a good spot for me to take a dump.
Right in the middle of Davie Boulevard.
Maybe road extension, pal.
You'll love it.
All right. Thanks a lot.
Okay.
And be sure to tie your horse up real tight.
There was our best call we've had all week.
Q-A-M.
Nail.
Yes, sir. Of course, it's only Monday.
Yes. This sounds like a corner.
A cornice.
A cornice.
Yes.
You're talking about what about two weeks ago with the tongue rings?
You're wondering why they got...
W-Q-A-M.
Nail.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
Great show.
Hey, Nail.
About...
Yeah.
It is.
It is.
Okay.
What do you want?
It's a great show.
No, I have something to...
I'm looking for a promising one.
Let's hear it.
About your medical problems.
What medical problems?
I feel great.
I know, but you're...
Somebody that's very conscientious with your health.
Oh, yeah.
That's why I look like this.
That's why I got a colic roll of 500.
Now, um...
That was a Mark Maniel.
The Mark Maniel.
Yeah.
It's a book.
I already looked at it.
And over the weekend, I went to the bookstore.
I didn't waste my money buying it.
I read up all the stuff I needed to read.
And I found out what my blood tests were all about,
what I need to be doing.
And I'm in great shape today.
And thank you.
Merck rhymes with jerk.
That's right.
Oh, there's Bokeh Brian.
He's been murking off a lot.
I've got some money for you here.
By the way, it's been nice knowing Bokeh Brian.
He's been a great addition to our show.
It's better what they want to asshole from dates, as all the time.
That keeps calling and hates him like poison.
By the way, somebody asked me at the track today.
Would you like some guys to find a guy named Stan Major for you?
127 at 5.50.
Somebody asked me that.
Long me 50 dollars.
I'm along with me to blow up an abortion clinic
to kill another doctor who was murdering a kid.
If he's made with a draw and have a bad attitude,
then drive a can of gas and you can burn one down to abortion clinic.
That is a nothing like the smell of nurses on fire.
Now, if you drive a truck and wear a smelly ass
and don't rebel that you use this welcome hat.
And after we make a clinic explode,
we'll go find a nigger and drag them down the road.
You'll be proud you're from the South Boy.
Double wide Southern Fry.
Now, if there should be a woman trapped inside,
we'll rape her in the ass and steal her first before she dies.
Could there afraid the Bible to validate our barbarism ignorance and seething, eh?
Embraidery that is.
Fire up some garbage brooks too.
Now, we are the Christian soldiers of God.
We like to wife our ass with an old porn call.
And when we're not burning churches or clinics down,
we play our bandoes in the trees with penis in our mouth.
That's what Christians require.
Right there in the old ground out.
Oh, right.
Okay, 132 at 5.60 WQM.
Hank Goldberg up in Viera,
but all those adjacent differs up there today between two and six.
Luke Shambi.
He's going to be doing a little rock and roll sports talk six o'clock.
Ed Kaplan with the odds and games that haven't been invented yet.
All the odds and ladies' dyke sports 10 o'clock tonight.
Okay, we're taking our survey.
Lots of it.
And I know that 30 ring thing.
What kind of crap is that anyway?
It's always been like that, hasn't it?
Yeah.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
You see, you're not determined enough.
That's the point.
Don't be blame in a phone company.
Don't be blame in the 30 ring thing.
Blame yourself.
We're not caring enough to send you very best or worse.
There ain't anything in between.
That's the point with this crowd.
They get weaker and weaker and more and more passive and more and more passive.
They want to be spoon fed.
They want me to sit here and do a tap dance for four hours every day.
Am I going to do it?
No.
God damn right, I'm not going to do it.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
Palm 5 60 on the 18 T line.
Q a m.
Can they hop please?
What was it?
Can you hold please?
Oh.
Q a m.
Oh gosh, finally all that damn running.
Hey Neil.
Yeah.
Hey, what's up?
How you doing?
Great show.
Yeah.
Anyways, listen now.
I have a question for you.
Me and my friend Arduet are working about Q a m.
Q a m.
Yeah.
Yes sir.
Hey, I mean I can see you go but if you're done you feel like George take over the show.
You know what I'm saying?
Okay.
Q a m.
Oh my God.
Q a m.
Elvis, pull her four hours a day.
Wtq a m.
You know that's how they like?
That sounded like a DJ.
Was that down on the phone?
Wtq a m.
Q a m.
Come on you can do it.
Wtq like I said you can't do it.
567 05 60, 05 60 on the AT&T line.
Q a m.
Hello.
Yes.
This is a real fan.
I've been on 36 years old.
I've listened to you since I'm 13.
Yeah.
I really call it.
I don't really get a chance too much.
Let me tell you about the Oscars last night.
I saw you're the first caller to talk about the Oscars last night.
Sure.
I mean, that's so obvious.
I mean, you could fall off a cliff.
It's there and you're right in the face.
If we had one call about the Oscars, about Ilya Kuzneti, about Roberto Abaggio or
Vannini, whatever that can.
No.
No.
Roberto Panini.
Well, I tell you what, it was, it was terminal.
I saw a little bit of it.
It was terminal.
Yeah.
If you wanted to get to the audience terminal.
If you wanted to get to the place.
If you wanted to see something good, I don't know if you saw the other night.
The most places you go to the airport is a big side of this terminal.
You come to this time.
Right when you get to the county line is a huge size of terminal.
As you come in, that is you're going out.
Right.
I sure did you see the rock and roll of all of the other night?
No.
That was something that you loved that.
Would Billy Joel and Bruce Brasting?
Almost.
I don't know.
I'm not sure if that would have been puking my brain out.
I'll tell you what, at the end they had it.
They ought to take the whole piano and bury the piano man under it.
You don't like the piano man.
I must see Billy Joel again.
It will be much too soon.
Well, I'll tell you what they had in his jamb.
They had his jamb in the end.
They had polymer cards in the front.
I wonder what time the ship landed that he came off of that piece of crap.
Billy Joel, my ass.
Billy Joel, my ass.
I'm seeing a paper sack.
Oh my god, me.
What a big hole.
I could play piano better than he does.
Yeah, I was there.
The drummer for him, by the way.
You like that one.
You ought to hear your boring.
Christ.
Suck holes.
Much of suck holes we got here.
Yeah, cornices.
It's all the cornice regulars.
Why?
Cornices.
That was Bob from Total Floring Stacks, by the way.
Chronic Factor.
WQAN.
WQAN.
WQAN.
Thank God it's mutual.
QAN.
Yes sir.
Put the lotion in your ass.
QAN.
Pass it over sir.
QAN.
Hello.
Okay.
I am so happy to be talking to you.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Hi.
This is for PJX Boreup.
WQAN.
They're doing messages for cornice collars.
How do you like that?
And I always love it when somebody identifies themselves like with a moniker like that.
Like Lewinsky, with a moniker.
This is PJX Boreup.
This is Eddie.
I'm a friend.
Oh, I shouldn't say this.
This is Eddie.
I shouldn't say that.
How's he doing, by the way?
He got him locked up.
WQAN.
Not only is he free, he's major, Miami, but...
WQAN.
WQAN.
Hello.
Where are you, Fudgebacken?
WQAN.
Kenny Hall.
WQAN.
WQAN.
Yes, Neil.
Yes.
Your observation.
The way the Walker is calling now chronic, that's who that was.
The Walker.
Nice hearing from you.
I haven't heard your voice on the talk.
She was anymore since I out of here.
How's that escort service coming?
WQAN.
I think he's going to call an end in book.
WQAN.
Neil, 16th time, 427 time.
Yeah.
How you doing?
OK.
I hope a pin-house.
What is it?
I hope a large...
WQAN.
How you doing?
OK.
My brother Kevin Rick, the douchebag, and he's bagging it.
WQAN.
Lifeguards have heard me.
WQAN.
You got Dr. Neil?
Speaking.
Hey, Neil, why are you?
OK.
I was going to say that talk show...
The talk ring didn't do for the fucks, it's after you were the back.
Yeah, anybody doesn't believe that.
Just listen to this show today.
WQAN.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
Let's go.
Come on.
What is it?
What can we do for you, sir?
We'll go behind the stink.
Oh, there's your buddy.
All right.
Come on.
Leave him out.
WQAN.
Hey, D.
Now, that...
Come on.
You can do better than that.
That was the worst idea I ever heard in my life.
Even special life can do a better than that.
WQAN.
You know, no one can't remind me of my...
WQAN.
Hi!
Yes, sir.
Wait a minute.
For a second, Eric, does that work?
Line 8?
Hello?
For just a second, I thought it was ringing.
Maybe they're working on it in the phone line, too.
I think it's the Wichita alignment got lost and wound up here in Miami.
Anybody's got complaints call Larry mixing that Southern Bell, OK?
He's been screwing up my lives for 20 years.
WQAN.
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
WQAN.
Only...
Yeah, they have no...
They can do two words.
Only if or Neil God.
Two words.
They don't want to waste them because they don't have any material.
Excellent.
See, I had you guys pegged.
I mean, right out of a science, all your cornices out there.
All your corn...
Cornices out there.
This is beautiful.
See what I'm saying?
There's 50 million people out there and every single one of them are just like these that you're here and now.
So if you just came into town, it ain't too late.
Anybody have a heart or a liver?
No.
143 at 560 WQAN, the good news.
See, there's always a silver lining in the middle of the darkest cloud.
Henry Barrow and Roger Magdalene.
Magdalene.
Walk out on waxy this morning and guess why?
Monday morning here on a QIN.
Henry Barrow and Roger Magdalene.
All we can say to that is, oh, yeah, at least then we got a lead in.
What?
What are you laughing about?
We try to get Reneerie that deal fell through.
Hey, listen, I mean, we've been shopping for a morning show in this place for a month now.
Following those three stiffs in the morning, are you kidding me?
I come in here this morning and I'm out...
I'm coming into this room and the default and Joe Roser stand around playing baseball in the hallway.
I'm thinking, what's on the air in there?
Is there anybody on the air?
No.
Yeah, I don't make any difference.
We can still do that one share.
You know, easy.
Henry Barrow and Roger Magdalene would Roger Zetter came in report.
There's Monday, March 29th at 5.60, the two way in.
Finally, we'll lead him with our good old friend, Henry Barrow.
Oh!
And Roger, you're good, buddy.
By the way, he wants to work till 2.
W-Q-A-M.
Yeah, I'm calling for Neil.
Speaking.
Hi, Neil.
Hi, here.
How do you like the good news?
Well, I'm just sitting here in the middle.
We're going to release from our program director.
It's official.
What's that?
No more first team starting next Monday.
Oh, well, I don't know if that's good or bad.
I'm in the line of McDonald's, but I'm hearing all these idiot calls you're getting.
What's the matter with these people?
They live in South Florida.
It's affected them, sir.
Don't you understand?
They got into good excuse.
In fact, I'm sitting here going to live like that.
I live here, too.
I'm supposed to be like a guy.
You know, I'm supposed to have an IQ large in my thumbnail.
Well, let's talk about something else.
And what is that?
Well, I'm asking you.
I thought maybe you might like a little breather from all these idiots.
Well, what do you want to talk about?
That's intelligence here.
What did you want to say?
Oh, let's see.
W-Q-I-N.
Yeah, we'll talk to Neil.
He's just a cornice.
Yes, sir.
Boka, mobile, and Boka.
Speaking.
Speaking.
Go through that to Neil.
Yes.
Sorry.
That only a cousin last night.
Yes.
Who was a wolf star clapping?
Because I have new founders back.
I saw Nick Northy and Ed Harris not clapping when he was getting that thinking award.
Well, I only saw this morning.
They showed the clips and they showed it so fast.
Now, Nick Goldy was like an ephemerone.
Of course, you can't miss him because he looks like a worn out old drunk.
Right.
I wish I had a tape that I could see who Ed Harris and that white Amy Madigan on the nose.
She has a real militant type of bed.
She's kind of Roger Madgill, and yeah.
I think we'll find out all the names that will build a goddamn statute.
All those people that had the guts to sit down to that backstabbing turnt code, Elia Kazan.
Yeah, man, Rod Stiger.
I don't know if you've seen him for the last two weeks.
He's been everywhere on Larry King everywhere.
He's talking about a piece of crap that Kazan is.
Oh, man.
He's like that Rod Stiger.
He's a good guy.
He's a great guy.
He's talking about it again.
With Marlon Brando, by the way, same person.
They showed Marlon Brando, but I didn't see it, but I saw the previous.
It was a rerun of an old interview with what's his name?
Yeah, the other night.
And Marlon, like totally incoherent, you know.
So many bad acid trips with Mr. Peepers.
And Larry was getting more and more flustered and flustered and it, you know.
And then Marlon reached over to put the big water cotton in his mouth.
WDQIM.
Yes, I was going to have to meet him, please.
Speaking.
And then Neil.
Yes.
Last night, the only thing that I, on the Academy Awards, the only thing that I saw that was worth anything was,
did you miss Errol Smith?
Did you were on it?
Errol Smith playing Armageddon the theme.
Oh, for a few of you, so I'm from Armageddon, which was number one on the hit parade, by the way.
I didn't see it.
That was the best thing on the show.
Were they good?
Yes, they were excellent.
Of course.
And the girl that I did to do was a Tyler.
I guess that's his daughter.
Steve Tyler, yes, Steve Tyler's daughter.
A knockout.
I'm looking.
There you go.
Great.
Oh, that's all I had.
I just thought you had, how you like Errol Smith's written.
Thanks for the good news.
Thank you so much.
See, I told you, Steve Tyler's got.
He really showed suck, but Steve Tyler was great.
And his daughter is a sweetheart in a knockout and a great piece.
So what else wrong with that, huh?
See, I know I got the good taste.
You're not fooling me.
You can dittle around with all your bull crap, all you want.
WDQAM.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Uh, Neil, please.
Henry Verrall's show.
Oh.
All right, Neil, mobile.
He's like to buy tires.
He's like to buy tires.
He's like to buy tires.
Henry Verrall's starting.
Yeah, it's very good, Neil.
Oh, news.
I had another chance.
Yeah, I figured out a few of these show.
How about getting a scrap for Fort Myers, the Joe show over there.
He tries to imitate everything that you do.
And I think it would be a great lead in for you.
No.
WDQAM.
I can't believe no one's brought up the movie that won Best Talk
Cumentary, uh, the Doctor of Documentary about Miami.
No, it was called, you had Deadman walking.
Oh.
Maybe it wasn't that fact from the dark side over there yet.
I hear it.
I hear it running.
Well, I'm expecting, you know, uh, Dr. Mark to be faction either
rest of the, huh?
Yeah, exactly.
Hey, he's busy.
Okay, Jeff came along list of phone numbers.
He's probably still sleeping off from all that, uh, uh, uh, uh,
monkey business he was going over the weekend.
That funny business.
All that comedy he was playing with WDQAM.
That was pretty funny.
I got dead man walking.
That was beautiful.
That was great.
Of course, to show you, I've always said if we can go through about 2000 calls,
we finally get a good one.
So what if we do have that 1900 crappy calls?
Who cares?
Got to live right with me.
Any of you some player?
Yes, sir.
How do you like that penalty shot?
I didn't see it live.
I saw the tape last night, boy.
No chance.
I was in there.
You know, I got to be a bear look like Herbert Biggrap.
Four years ago, when they made the finals, I told everybody I said,
you better enjoy it because they may never make it again.
Yeah.
Am I right?
Well, it was just a fluke.
I mean, they got hot for a couple of months.
Everybody seems to think that, uh, you know, that there was a great team.
It wasn't a great team.
It was a team of overachievers who played real hot for about two months.
And they got struck and shepherd right there at the end.
And they carried him on in there and threw him.
You know, it was a fluke.
They had great, they actually had a decent defense and great goal-tending.
Would you carry it on?
Right.
And a few breaks along the way.
Yes.
And carry Murray Sucks.
But that's beyond a shadow of a doubt.
A nice move, starting Captain Kirk to Jerk on Saturday and giving up three goals in about two minutes during L.A.
And then they come back from four-nothing and lose four-three.
But maybe if Burke would have played, they wouldn't have game, huh?
Just keep in mind if they get out, if they lose out in a playoff spot by one or two points.
Remember Saturday night in Los Angeles, okay?
Remember Terry Murray.
Oh, yeah, but they're playing, yeah, it makes no difference, okay?
When you're down the stretch and you go in into big games, you don't start your backup goalie in a big game like that.
When you need every point.
But what does he know?
WQAM.
Hey, sir.
4000m.
Spinging.
4000m.
Sounds like me.
Is this you?
Yeah.
Okay.
I hang on.
WQAM.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You guys have to kneel, please.
Speaking.
Speaking.
Neil.
Yes.
Is that Neil?
WQAM.
So, I'm a bowler, Mario.
WQAM.
Yeah, I told her a piece of please.
See what I'm saying about those banana boat people?
Banana boat people.
You have nothing to offer.
You have nothing to create.
And once you go back, why don't you go back and take care of the Orioles down there, okay?
So, I'll put on your little jock straps.
Play a little grab ass with each other in the showers.
And then they'll be playing a little baseball too.
And take care of those Orioles and the Fidel at the same time, okay?
Little Mata Kunis.
That's all they got.
They're down there prancing around in a little van, down around South Beach, prancing around with their hands on each other's hands.
Correcto.
They're on hand in hand.
You're not fooling anybody, okay?
Drill and glory holes in the tea rooms in Westland.
You ought to see the pictures of the glory holes in the Kinnan and book.
All at Westland in Hylia.
Said a bunch of little Julios done it.
Right, I got it right in the book.
WQAM.
They did double.
What was that?
Whatever.
Speak at English, okay?
Oh, he was a tad, yeah, likely story.
WQAM.
Hello, Neo.
Yes, sir.
Is this home already up?
Yes, WQAM.
You're listening, pal, so you must know.
You must know if it's home already up.
See, this is a brief synopsis of your lives.
Because how many times have I said this before?
You can call up, not a call, and home out.
Whatever you want.
The fact is you're listening to it.
Nobody's holding a gun to your head.
And you listen to it every minute of every day.
If I was on 10 hours a day, you'd listen 10 hours a day.
So what does that say about two?
You there.
How you spell that?
J-E-W-D-Q-A-M.
The bird live.
I could say something.
W-D-Q-A-M.
Hello.
Hey, what's up?
How you doing, sir?
Pretty good.
Andy Sauer.
I hate Eris from Sweden.
Yeah, and?
I'm pretty deceptive, man.
W-D-Q-A-M.
So home out here.
I want chicken, I want W-D-Q-A-M.
I knew how to go on.
Okay.
What does that mean?
How's it going?
What is that?
How's it going?
How's your day?
You're not listening to the show?
Oh, I'm saying how you're doing, you know?
I'm doing great.
Anyways, uh, what's your day going?
It's going pretty good, thank you.
How's your day going?
Good, good.
These sports cast.
My day goes are pretty good.
Last time I watched the Channel 10.
You heard J-E-W-D-A-H-R?
It's amazing.
J-Man, that's a guy he bears.
That's what he calls G-A-B-R.
He's been out of shape because Michigan State won, and you know, his team can't be fine.
They can't get arrested.
Yeah, exactly.
That's what he's been out of shape is that the Spartans are going all the way.
We still Saturday anyway.
All right, well, I just wanted to say these guys know nothing about hockey.
Okay, thank you.
Well, we know that.
That's nothing new.
We already know that.
This is a sport.
This is a football and a little bit of a few other things, but it's a football and gambling station.
That's it.
That's all you got.
Did they really know anything about basketball other than they're given old news about Zo?
No.
No, they know anything at all about baseball?
No.
In fact, we, everybody on the station agrees we don't have to want to hear another baseball game.
No.
We have no choice.
Thursday at 12.50 by the way.
