560 WQAM Miami-Fort Waterdale presents the Neil Rodgers.
To talk to Neil called 567 0560 toll free for native bread,
or count 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil has guessed call.
Anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM.
We have decisions for the beefly broadcast group.
But now Neil Rodgers on sports radio 560 QAM.
What's going on?
I'm looking through a bedroom window.
And if I may then keep disfying it.
All right.
What I did I knew was crypto.
But that ain't no new.
If you play for the fish.
Against my girlfriend for lack of tell me.
That is not a big one so one else is wild.
But a cylinder head was big, not healthy.
And I found out that it changed me with a knife.
Why didn't that big tell me?
It was too dark to see.
She'd be in bed with her whole lips.
If that's good, then please.
People fail me now.
Hey 10.0.2.560 WQAM happy Monday to you.
Guy is falling.
Does anybody give a crack?
No.
The media can't always manipulate the public the way they want.
They're getting pissed off and fired up about that too.
Because they've been working feverishly for months and months and months to get everybody's
psychotic about that Y2K.
Anybody care?
No.
In fact there's a big thing.
By the way, where's my son Sentinel?
Third day in a row today.
No son Sentinel delivered.
So the past two days they went out and bought it to the Amico up the street.
Today did I even bother with it?
No.
Screw it.
This is so typical of what goes on in this town to kind of service you get.
Ten years in plantation I've been getting a son Sentinel.
Did I get one last three days?
No.
Maybe because I didn't put any money in the envelope and sent it to the Sun Sentinel Library person.
Or maybe because the Sun Sentinel Library person in my neighborhood is out of town for the holidays
and has some nerd delivering a paper that can't get the other thing right.
That could be it.
And how about Scott, my gardening guy, you know Scott from Forever Green, whatever that play?
Have I seen Scott?
No.
No.
The weeks in the months go by you call somebody, hey, could you take care of this for me?
And how about your good close personal friend?
Fill the bug man, anybody seen him in the century?
No.
Maybe we'll see him in the next millennium.
No.
No, you won't see him no more.
Really?
That's what it sounded like.
What do you mean by that?
I left him a message and his message was really strange.
Like what?
What did it say?
His answering machine message was depressing.
It is.
Like why even bother?
What does that mean?
I don't know if it's still hooked up.
What did you call it?
He's talking like, you've reached 5.
Oh no.
You're...
He's breathing heavily, like, and sweating a lot.
No, it sounded like the rope was already set up and he was standing on the chair, leaving the message.
Right before he stepped off.
Oh my god.
And that was months ago, so I don't think we're going to see him no more.
He's like, Paulie, I guess, won't see him no more.
God damn it.
So I guess that means we're going to have to get another bug man.
Crap.
Get up.
Oh no.
Well there was always something strange there.
Good guy.
Great guy.
Did a lot of good stuff, including getting that guy to pressure clean my fence.
Did a spectacular job.
Wouldn't let me pay him a dime.
But there was always something strange there, like here today, and maybe he just took off for Costa Rica.
Maybe he'd moved the business down there.
That could be.
Maybe he's been spraying it.
Squirt, squirt, squirt, squirt, it down there.
You never know.
He seemed to like it a lot then, or Costa Rica.
Oh and by the way, before I get back to the Y2K and the other 80 million things, are we taking any calls today, by the way?
No.
No.
Although you know the interesting part of it is Joe Costello went up to Michigan for the week up to Detroit.
And of course I had given Joe the jets all my dolphin tickets for the season, just because he's a good guy, because I don't want him.
Yeah, and now we got those dolphins jets tickets, my club seats for tonight's game, and I have no idea what to do with them.
You know what I'm saying?
Club seats for that game.
I was out in the hallway before to go take a leak and B-Fo was out there, poor silly B-Fo.
You know the guy from the restaurant days, and he says to me, oh you going tonight?
Jimmy and Danny, Danny and Jimmy, you going?
I said yeah, I'm going to the track.
How do you like that?
Am I going tonight?
No.
Because see the thing is going to the, and this is one of the main reasons I stopped going besides the boredom factor, even though I get my tickets for free now.
And that is a Monday night no less to jet fans and the dolphin.
Okay, you ready for that on a Monday night?
Yeah, you talk about a pleasant scene.
Oh man, a chevets, just unbelievable.
Yeah, a bunch of drunks, people puking their guts out all over the place.
The fish fights.
The most obnoxious disgusting scumbags over there.
Am I going tonight B-Fo?
See, I know this comes as a great shock to B-Fo and some other people, but there are some of us who are not interested in going to a football game.
Oh my god, what's wrong with you, man?
Don't you want to see that center bend down and have the quarterback put his hands under his, uh, spectrum?
No, not really.
Not the least but interested.
Oh, watch it on TV if you track like a few minutes here, a few minutes there if it's on.
And if not, I couldn't care less.
In fact, speaking of being backed up, see this is what happens when you box yourself into a corner and you want to carry 8 million sporting events.
In fact, we even had to preempt the Hurricane Girls Dodgeball today because we have so many sporting events to carry all in one night.
Wait till you hear this, this is special.
We got the Hurricane Basketball team against FAU at seven o'clock.
Of course, we couldn't possibly carry that because that's in the middle of our 75 hour pregame coverage to get those 80 million sponsored.
And by the way, stop calling on the phone line.
I'm not, we're not answering the phone.
They want those goddamn Dolphin jets tickets for the night's game.
We're not answering the phone.
So what are you calling for?
Oh, see, this is payback, baby.
It's payback is a bitch.
They're very frustrated now.
We want your tickets, man.
The answer is no.
No.
Although, if you call right now, but at any rate, so we got that's going to be on VUM.
It's going to be on VUM.
Oh my god.
How do girls, if they're in the column station, or Mark Bandier or pool, whatever his name is, never dream about it came here that he'd be doing UM sports on a UM station.
How do you like that?
Oh.
And then at seven o'clock also, we got the Panthers against the Tampa Bay lightweights, the Panthers who kind of embarrassed themselves last night in Carolina.
But they'd get a point for the regulation tie, which I noticed Rimmer never bothered mentioning that.
We got a point, baby.
Wake up and sniff the padsies.
Panthers at the lightning.
That game, wait till you're this, is on WSRS 1580 on the bell for one of our top 8 Southern Klopp tonight.
And of course, the jets in the Dolphin's 9 o'clock tonight here on QAM, which we can't afford to miss that.
With our 84 hours of pregame coverage, starting with Hank out of the stadium at two o'clock this afternoon.
And then that more and it just goes on and on.
Countdown to kickoff hours and hours and hours and hours.
You'll be able to count all the drunks.
Yeah, that's what it's going to be.
Anybody going out today at ballpark tonight who's not going to be drunk?
No.
See, that's a good thing.
You can start tailgating around noon because it's a holiday.
A lot of people are still off from work kids are all out of school.
You can start tailgating around 11 o'clock this morning.
Right before Greg Readwater's a socks comes on.
Look at those falls.
Anybody want those Dolphin tickets?
Get on the hall right now.
Oh, I just love it.
Man, I'm getting sexual excitement.
Look out, scored, scored.
Woo!
You got an intimate fall, man.
No.
No.
And by the way, George just came back from vacation.
We went on to expect him to answer the phone the first day back.
No.
No.
Don't even touch him.
Oh.
What are you calling?
Don't let this happen to you.
Today's National Football League crackhead athletes are above the law.
Protect your family from the horrors of unwanted NFL players in your home.
With the new Miami Dolphin Home Alarm System.
Yeah!
Every Miami Dolphin Home Alarm System comes with a gin and jockey seal of disapproval.
I never met a criminal.
I didn't lag.
And if they can catch the ball and run with the ball while they're something special.
Take the criminal athletes off the field and put them in a jail cell with a usually fine god and a white named gyro.
The Miami Dolphin Home Alarm System is your local crack dealer for the jails.
That's 13 at 5.60 WNF.
Maybe you can answer me something.
How is it?
When I said that we're not going to answer the phone, did I say that about 20, 30, 40, 500 times already?
We only been learning about 10 minutes.
You don't really need it.
So, but see, we're not answering the phone and they keep calling and calling.
And I sit here at which time I'm enjoying it tremendously.
By the way, in fact, if you all want to call and just light up the lines and make those green things on the monitor here, I love it.
I get a twinge in my rectum.
We're not answering the phone.
So, what's the point in calling?
And I know you want those tickets badly, but it ain't going to happen.
Because if you call it even if you kiss my ass, if you kiss me on the forehead.
No matter what the circumstances, see, look at that.
There you go.
All right!
Keep calling.
Maybe I'll change my mind.
No!
Yeah, if we can get all the lines in the next three seconds.
No!
Huh, am I going to change my mind?
Three, two, one, two, three.
Oh, man, I love it.
The shoe was on the other foot.
The shoe was on the other foot.
All those vases that wouldn't call you, you could be sitting here bleeding to that.
Would they call you?
No!
It could be desperate screaming and begging and pleading.
No!
But just a hint.
Just a notion that just maybe one of us might change our minds and actually start picking up these lines.
And say, okay, here you go.
In a moment of weakness, here you go.
We hope you really have a great time today.
And don't drink more than 20 or 30 keg.
Before seven o'clock.
Before the real tailgate party starts.
Look at that.
It's great.
That's more calls than we usually get on a whole Monday.
And we're not taking any nice goal, Neil.
Thank you.
That's my man of the year, by the way, my man of the century.
Oh, God!
But then again, I might be pretty juiced.
So anyway, count down on two thousand hits to the home stretch.
Let's go through that thing again about which year is the real beginning of the next millennium.
No!
No, that's not.
In fact, everybody who believes that we're going into the next millennium, call right away.
See, look at that.
Ha, ha, ha, ha!
Anybody stupid enough to believe that we're going into the next millennium in four days?
Or whatever it is, five days?
Why two keg bug won't bite officials say?
Eat, drink, and be merry on New Year's Eve.
Because the advent of the year two thousand is because, if any, if any problems,
a bevy of federal officials said on Sunday, hospitals, power plant, air, you know what I'm worried about?
On why two keg?
It's a good thing it's coming on a Saturday, by the way, New Year's Day, because that mean New Year's Eve is Friday night.
Because I would be surprised QAM might not be on a year Saturday.
I'm not concerned about nuclear weapons.
I'm not concerned about hospitals, airplanes.
I am concerned about QAM.
Because if a pigeon farts the wrong flavor in the sky and just happens to be over this building,
we can't get the transmitter working, we can't get the phone system working, nothing happens.
So that could be a real dilemma, come on Saturday.
And of course it's a weekend, does anybody care?
No.
Anybody listen to the station on a weekend?
No.
What difference does it make except when a mad dog is on?
Oh, God.
Here's the best part.
An associated press poll taken this month found that only 5% of respondents are expecting major Y2K problems down from 11% in July.
Even back in July when they were still trying to scare the piss out of everybody, even then it was only 11%.
Now it's down to 5%.
And I guarantee you, of those 5%, probably most of them are these Armageddon crazy people.
Crazy religious people.
Oh, there he goes again.
There he'd be going again with that religious crap.
And that's exactly what it is, by the way.
Isn't that a redundancy, religious crap?
That's exactly correct.
Even if some of the Y2K scenarios of computer failures do come to official said they're prepared to handle any emergencies.
And of course in New York they got bond dogs, they got thousands and thousands and thousands of Gestapo going to be out there.
Mayor Giuliani's got the brown shirts are going to be out and they're even welding shut the manhole covers.
There he goes.
The personhole covers will be welded shut in New York on New Year's Eve.
Just so nobody can poke a set out from under, you know, like Charlton has to do something like that.
Start on going up.
So there's said already for you Charlton, you son of a bitch.
Even you can't pee on a parade on New Year's Eve.
See, I'm not concerned about Y2K and computers.
I'm concerned about a few of those crazy people.
You know the people are running around going.
Yeah.
This guy is falling and it's Armageddon and it's time is coming and it's going to be so on.
Those are the people we ought to be real worried about.
What is that?
What a clearance to just give you there?
Oh, one moment please.
Look like something shocking.
All right, there you go.
Here's the best thing I've had in my hand all day.
Senior quarterback Tom Brady won the Bo Shembeckler MVP award to Uncle Leo from Mad Dog.
The Mad Dog left this for me.
Love that Mad Dog.
Yeah.
He's the best.
Did you take a look at this guy?
I don't even know.
He's a pretty good looking guy.
He's a good looking guy.
Yeah.
Told you.
Turn that.
Turn that Mad Dog right around.
I've tended that so to speak.
Even the Mad Dog had to have been after seeing Tom Brady up close and personal, especially in the showers.
And he gets to go in there up at the Michigan.
He said he has a stud.
Yeah.
Tommy Brady.
You see, it's very bad.
He rooting for Michigan as a Michigan state man myself.
That's bad.
But it goes to show you when you're a sucker for a pity push.
The only time, in fact, the only time in the past I would ever root for Michigan is when they were playing either Notre Dame.
I know it's very occasions when they've even played the Heracune.
Anybody playing the Heracune's I'm for them.
Whoever they're playing.
And a state with Notre Dame.
But I didn't add up until these last two years.
Michigan.
Oh, God, the thought of it.
It gives me mixed my Royds pop.
But now Tommy Brady and Elsie, who the hell are they playing in the Orange Bull?
Anybody here know?
Oh, it's Alabama.
Is it?
You with a-ha-ha-ha-ha.
I'm pretty sure it's Alabama.
That redneck from Alabama, you ain't got a chance.
Tommy Brady is going to pick you boys apart.
Okay?
Are you redneck?
Are you sheep humpers?
He's going to just pick your ass apart.
Oh, I'm saving that.
Here's my buddy Tommy Brady.
Go Michigan.
Go blue, baby.
How you following that?
So anyway, the measures in New York are part of a complex security plan.
Code named Arc Angel for the celebration of lights, lasers, and noise makers expected to draw two million revelers into an area of 20 blocks, log in three blocks wide.
Wow, that sounds like Queen's Day in the Amsterdam.
Now, seriously, get so packed with people that you could just like...
Just shoved in, you know what I'm saying?
And of course, if you play your cards right, you know who to shove up against real good.
It's kind of like getting a street dance.
Not a lat dance.
It's a street dance in your pants.
If you know how to rub it right.
I don't want to start the almost the...
I knew you were with any bad news here today, but...
Girl 17, held in killing of mom and dad on holiday.
Must be an isolated incident, huh?
No.
Tyler, Texas.
Authorities accused a 17-year-old girl of shooting her parents to death as they slept in their bed on Christmas morning.
All right.
Probably didn't get what she wanted.
That's the American fucking way.
Stephanie Cantor and Beron, who was the rest of Saturday night, was held Sunday for investigation of two counts of murder share of Jamie Smith said.
Deputies received a call about the shooting around 4 a.m.
They arrived at the house just east of Tyler and found that Stephen Wayne Beron 44.
And his wife, Carla 43, had been shot in a haze.
Rhymes with dade.
A haze gun was found in the bedroom.
Motives in the attack remain unclear.
How do you like that?
17-year-old girl, she goes in like you said, maybe she didn't get her goddamn right vibrator, something like that, whatever might have been.
There did.
Now that's got to be the only one that happened over the holidays over Christmas, right?
No.
Because this is a very solemn holiday.
The birth of a your lord, somebody's lord.
But Louisiana, boy shot dead with gun, his friend got as a gift.
Oh!
Shall Met Louisiana.
A 13-year-old boy was shot and killed Christmas day.
By a playmate who had received a shotgun as a gift authority said.
That's the American fucking way.
John Hamley apparently stepped in front of his 12-year-old companion as the gun went off and was shot in a haze.
That major Richard Balmy of the St. Bernard parish sheriff's office.
Isn't that an interesting name for a parish in Louisiana?
Of course, it's in Louisiana where they're all pretty like dumb.
The St. Bernard parish sheriff's office.
He said the case was being treated as an accidental shooting.
No charges had been filed.
Well, now I feel better.
The 12-year-old apparently bent over to tie his shoe and well, we assume that's why he was bending over.
And stood up with his finger on the trigger when a shotgun went off.
Who was it that taking target practice Saturday in the wooded area in Podrae about Podraeus?
Whatever that is.
A poid rast?
Podrae?
About 15 miles southeast of New Orleans.
I guess you won't be seeing John Hamley normal.
13-years-old.
He's big who shot in the cave.
There you go.
A couple of them.
I want to see those things are far away.
Louisiana, Texas.
Let's get a little closer to home.
What do you say?
All right.
Two good ones here, baby.
Three shot in candle.
One thing I want to say right now.
You gun huggers.
You make me sick to my stomach.
You make me want to puke.
You make me nauseous.
This is a sickness man.
And the best part of it is, what do people get pissed off about?
Which I noticed Mike Mayer stole my comments.
It is column over the weekend, which I will read by the way.
Stole my comments verbatim about John off his rocker.
And those kind of ridiculous bigoted comments.
He made, stole a comment verbatim.
See, people get pissed off about that when somebody made words.
Somebody said this.
Somebody said that.
Oh my god.
He's a piece of crap.
They get all bent out of shape and they get very indignant about that.
But what about your kids get killed?
You know, nobody cares.
See, that's the problem with this country.
Is nobody gets mad enough?
That's the thing that really frost my ass.
Is they get mad about the wrong things about things that don't count.
Like Jimmy and Danny and Danny and Jimmy.
They get their expending all our energy on crap.
On swill.
On kaka.
The things that might be fairly important.
Like we got all these kids getting shot and killed.
Nobody gives a crap about that.
Nobody gives a flying fart about that.
Without saying so much is a word a young man
entered the West Kendall home of a young woman he knew
and began firing a handgun Sunday, including the woman's father
and grandparent in Kendall.
The father who neighbors described as a church pastor
was lifted in critical condition in Jackson Memorial Hospital
or right or trauma center.
The grandparent's visiting from Texas for Christmas.
Did not receive life threatening injuries police had,
but also transported the hospital in their 70s.
They were listed in good condition.
His little Christmas gift for you.
Come on grandpa.
Yeah.
According to Miami-Dade police spokesman Juan del Castillo,
the suspect arrived at home at the end of a cul-de-sac about one p.m.
greeted the father guarding in the front yard,
entered the home and gets again, cutin'.
All right.
Two dead in plantation.
Why should we be left out in plantation, baby?
They don't like being left out.
Wasn't that many weeks ago that just around where was it on
university on Pine Island?
It was on Pine Island, wasn't it?
The guy went in there.
Was that what the gunner was at stabbing or what was that?
African.
Oh.
Well there's so many of them it's hard to keep track.
You know what I'm saying?
There's so many of these goddamn killins.
See life in America isn't worth it.
It ain't worth 50 cents.
Life in America.
That's seriously in a country where life isn't worth anything.
What kind of a barbaric place is it?
Oh, there he goes with his crap again.
Right here at the holidays,
we're all trying to get drunk for a night's game.
Humped up in the pistol.
Life is as cheap as...
Gram-a-boom in America.
Yeah.
Cheap wine.
Two dead in plantation.
Three shot gunman later surrenders.
Oh.
After years of feuding a plantation man
with a reputation for belligerence.
Oh.
Allegedly shot and killed.
Two neighbors and critically wounded the third person
Sunday afternoon.
Those who know them said.
The gunman surrendered to Polly shortly before 10 p.m.
after barricading himself inside a nearby townhouse for six hours
according to plantation Polly.
Neighbors at the Largo West Complex in Western plantation.
Identified the gunman as Stephen Duncan 45.
Police would only confirm his first name as Steve.
Although shot one max bully was airlifted to the Broward General
after being shot in the head.
An arm witness was set.
He was lifted in critical but stable condition.
Another person shot was believed to be Armand Alloy.
Neighbors heard Alloy's girlfriend shouting,
help me arm and is dying.
He shot in the head.
A lot of people getting shot in the head.
They were set at some of them days.
Because...
That's the American fucking way.
Alright.
And we're worried about crazy people going to be out on New Year's Eve.
Huh?
Yeah, we're worried about there might be some loose cannons out there.
So to speak on New Year's Eve.
Like they're out loose cannons.
Crazy people with guns running around all the time here.
Oh yeah, but when they come take you right away.
Yeah.
26 after 10 and 5, 60 WQA.
I'm so mean.
Oh God.
Good.
Yes.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
That's a lot more fucking, than feeling like,
I'll leave him this picture.
See, he's thinking about me during these holidays.
Great Christmas gift, man.
He's a very handsome young man.
He can't see that.
Now anybody can see that.
Even Stevie Wonder could feel it out, when and down.
That's why I was hanging around with 98 degrees, I guess.
So in any way, we got a lot of dead people out there.
Oh, there's a lot of these two here
from all your good friends here at QAM.
Speaking of dead people, I noticed another stupid ad
in the paper this morning in the sports section in the hero,
which I didn't see the sun sentinel
because did I mention three days in a row,
I have a guy in the sun sentinel that I'm using
for the four or five hundred times.
So you don't ever depend on anything in this town
because maybe it's not just in this town,
but it happens to me this is where I live.
So that's the only judgment I can make
as far as dependability and reliability
and people showing up and service and people caring
about what they're doing.
It's just not the American way down here.
The unneil, the Jim Rome show on the stupid talk 940.
The unneil.
See, they're back to that again.
You think that they might have wised up,
have they wised up?
No.
Everything they promote is anti-neil,
unneil, unneil likes them,
you'll hate them.
It's all surrounds the...
Yeah, yeah.
So that must mean something.
It's like a statement.
It's like a goddamn statement.
Like the whole radio world in this town centers around Neil.
So everything that we got on here has to be compared to Neil,
has to be an alternative to Neil, has to be something,
whatever.
Pretty stupid if he acts me.
Uh huh.
Pretty dumb.
Nice going there, wasting that money down the toilet,
stupid talk.
Lovely.
Oh, by the way, speaking of amazing things that happen
over the weekend, Friday night we go to Ruth's
Christachios Jampack.
Jiammon.
Pact.
Christmassy.
Probably Jews.
Like us.
Me and the Rimmas.
By the way, guess who paid?
Oh, so anyway.
Oh, so seriously.
So I've had this little bit,
little touch of intestinal flu that everybody has got.
Which, this is the second time this year I've had it before.
It's just about gone, but man,
it's really a pain in the gut.
So I'm thinking to myself, uh, you know,
I'm going to maybe I'll have something other than a steak.
And Rimmer finally in his life came up with a good suggestion.
He says, tell him to hold the butter,
because they grow all the steaks in butter with Chris,
which I always thought made it taste great.
Was I right?
Wrong.
This steak was the best steak I ever had in my life
without the butter.
See, this is a fallacy.
This is something the only thing the butter does is, uh,
makes you make a beeline.
It makes you feel like a fat candy that
watches the ampeter letter keeps bringing in here.
It'll make you sh** immediately.
Not sooner when you have that butter.
It slides right through you like an H bomb.
And of course loads up on a cholesterol and everything else that it does.
There's no purpose to it.
This was so much crisper and so much juicier and more delicious
than you could ever begin to imagine.
So next time you go to roots, Chris,
where they're famous for bread, and not only that,
you don't have to worry about getting a third and fourth to read burns.
You know, when they bring it into sizzling and they say,
hold up your neck in because it's really hot and it's going to splatter over to
but see, they're selling the sizzle literally when they bring a steak that's
broadened butter.
Now, if you like it, that way, be my guest.
Taste a lube, you know, but I'm just telling you right now that if you don't want
all that butter and you don't want to be crapping your brains out in 30 seconds,
your layer less than everybody tutoring at the table.
As you go making a mad dash of beeline for the key room,
just tell them to hold the butter.
By the way, did we pay for the meal?
Uh-huh.
Did I pay for the meal?
Uh-huh.
Yes.
I don't say we.
That we could be real dangerous, you know what I'm saying?
Even Joe Rose, Martha.
Where is that thing, by the way?
We, we, we, yeah, wasn't worth it.
Right?
I, you know, something I could probably do 80 hours today.
I got so much.
When I started doing this thing with no calls, people tell me, well,
what's this man going to talk about for four hours every day?
The things that I want to talk about.
Not the things that some of the bozos on the call, the callers want to talk about.
And the more you start seeing, here's another thing I have taken the big radio
spotlight by doing this and flash that spotlight on the callers on the shows that
take calls on a station.
Now I'm not trying to tell our jikol read his thing in a minute, but I'm not trying
to tell anybody else not to take calls on their shows.
Because obviously you have to have a lot of different things to talk about to go
on and ramble for four hours, even if there are three of you.
Or even if you have like 15 different people holding your hand while you're doing a radio show,
regardless of which it is.
The fact is you have to have some things to talk about to ramble on for four hours
and not depend on the calls, which is like a crutch, like religion.
It's a big crutch.
So now I have shine the spotlight on those callers and now I'm fighting myself
like the last five minutes of the worst team this morning listening to those
God awful, unbelievably bad callers.
And the thing that I find amazing about those guys in the morning is that they keep
playing Jimmy and Danny,
Jimmy and Danny.
They keep playing that or bits from it and they evidently are too stupid to realize
it's making fun of them.
Not the callers.
It's making fun of them and the callers, but mostly them
because they've allowed this nightmare to take and of course,
Greg Cotex has got his big column in the hero today about, well, Jimmy and Danny
both need to come back next year.
Yeah, not for the team for the worst team.
That's the team they need to come back for.
Not for the dolphin team for the worst team.
Oh, yeah, try this scenario.
JJ Marino, both of you are cheering.
Of course they got to come back because else what are they going to have to talk
about from August until I got only those went to after the next new year.
Will they find anything else to talk about?
No, besides Jimmy and Danny,
Jimmy and Danny.
Yeah.
Seriously, you're right.
The old expression you like to use about your teeth aching.
That's what I find that happening to me.
It's got nothing to do with this viral flu.
My teeth ache when I hear these conversations and when I pick up my newspaper
and that's all that I find in this fourth section.
In between, you know, there might be a little bit of some other things you might be interested in,
but generally speaking, every column, every article is about to say,
Jimmy and Danny, Jimmy and Danny.
Yeah.
Makes your teeth ache.
What more is there to say?
Huh?
This one's a good guy.
This one.
He's an asshole or whatever.
They both suck their vocal.
Whatever that is it.
You could say in 30 seconds or less you can capitalize what's left to say about that
topic.
Nothing.
And we have 20 hours of it now.
Say Hank, at least is, you know, tried these and guessed on.
He's talking about other things.
There's some people on the station to make an effort to get away from that
to avoid it like to plague and God bless those people.
But the people who continue encouraging and participating in that.
Uh, Jimmy and Danny, uh, Jimmy and Danny parade that never ends.
Apox on those people.
You know what I'm saying?
Apox on them.
Apox ellipse now.
By the way, anybody see the swishy Mr. uh, what?
I can't think of that rib ripply.
Believe it or not, I can't remember the name of that guy.
You see it?
No.
The swishy Mr. Ripply with Matt Damon.
Who by the way, I saw some of the clips.
He looks pretty good in that movie.
He's okay.
Huh?
He's no, uh, he's no, uh, what's his name here from a university of Michigan?
He's no Tommy Brady.
Is he?
No.
God no.
Tom Brady wouldn't even let Matt Damon in the shower as I guarantee you that right now.
Because he's heard all those stories about Ben Affleck.
And what kind of an image that anyway?
21 before 11 at 5 60 WQ I am your Jimmy and Danny station.
We got all kinds of ball games that all kinds of stations tonight.
Man, this is the night that Greg Reed pees in his pants.
Okay.
I'm excited.
I meant because this is the ultimate for him.
You got you and basketball.
You got her you got the Florida Panthers hockey.
You got the dolphins tonight in the Jeffs a desperately must win game.
All three at the same time.
Absolutely on the label staggering.
A 15 20 a.m.
Something like that.
It's 15 maybe.
I think he said 15.
Did he?
Are you sure?
Huh?
Play it again.
Maybe it's my ears.
Maybe it's my hearing problem and I advanced age here.
Play it one more time.
Play it again, Sam.
We can't play it again.
One moment please.
I just want to make sure.
We got a fight breaking out of the panthers.
Take on the Tampa Bay like me.
Why from the ice palace is Tampa tonight?
Join the new boy.
The right of the pinch.
15.
We're getting ready.
Over for the action.
Oh, oh, oh,
Oh,
Oh,
Oh,
Oh,
Oh,
Oh,
Oh,
Oh,
Oh,
Oh,
Enteres free.
He's started.
He said 15.
15.
20.
He said 15.
20.
20.
A.M.
God damn it.
Who was that idiot on there?
It's 15.
80.
A.M.
He didn't do the 15.
20.
Is there a station in this market on 15.
20?
No.
Probably one.
I don't speak English.
I'm sure he's just reading what was written.
Wouldn't you think?
Probably.
Choose can look like an eight if you know you have bad handwriting.
Yeah.
Jews can look like figure eights.
Know what you just said?
Two.
15.
20.
How do you like that?
Can we get anything right in this station?
No.
It's not 15.
20.
It's 15.
80.
Will there be anybody listing on surf?
Can anybody pick up that signal at night?
No.
Now, not that I'm going to get all whipped up about this.
It's the end of the year.
We're having a wonderful time.
Taking a lot of days off.
Everybody nobody here cares.
And of course they never care about anything else either.
But this is one time near when it's good
that nobody cares, I guess.
God.
15.
80 for the patent.
Let's go down the list again.
Not.
We got so many goddamn games on there
that we just don't have time to tell you where to find all of them.
Crying baby pushes Santa over the edge.
Oh!
Los Angeles.
A shopping mall Santa Claus had a meltdown
after refusing to cuddle a balling toddler
calling the mother evil and ripping off his beard
and costume in front of the startled children.
Let's hear it for Santa.
All right.
Kelly for Naturo, 33, said she told Santa
her 19 month old son Brian would stop crying
if he put his arm around the child.
According to her, he blocked and told her
I will not imprison your child.
When I went to pick up the baby, he said,
was it worth it for you to torture your child for a picture?
You must be an evil person for Naturo said on Thursday.
The woman said she would complain.
She said Santa leap from his throne and said,
you can complain about me if you want,
but I'm Santa Claus.
I'm the best person in the world.
I'm good.
For Naturo, then told Santa he should not be around children.
With that, he got really angry.
She said he started to rip off his clothes.
He took off his beard, his wig, his coat, his belt.
Parents in children in line were stunned.
Oh my God.
Santa was led away by security and the replacement was brought in.
The Westfield shopping town,
Promenade Mall and Tire Hill photo suppliers of the Santa
wouldn't give his name.
Although we do provide a person to be character of a Santa Claus,
we cannot always be responsible for their behavior said to
an assault of New Jersey based Tire Hill photo.
How do you like that?
Santa's a prick.
Santa's a crazy person.
All your kids out there, if there's any,
after Christmas Santa is still around in the malls,
while you're returning all those goddamn pain in the ass gifts,
stay the hell away from Santa.
Crazy people.
So Tom Jicke writes,
see, better late than ever, I guess, is the way we look at Tom Jicke.
Tom misses a lot of interesting things during the year,
but sooner or later as we get right to the end of the year,
I guess he discovers that the
he's probably stupid.
Yeah, and he looks at the mirror and says,
maybe I better write a little bit about Neil or else.
So both Saturday and Sunday, nice going time.
At least somebody knows that this show is on the air,
somebody in the local media,
even though we got people in the sports pages
who are stealing columns verbatim from this show.
verbatim Michael hold the mail.
God, he's an asshole.
Wow, wait till I get to that.
Tom Jicke's got a hold, you know, one of these things where they just write a paragraph about this
and a paragraph about that.
He says, here's what I really think.
And he writes about some very unimportant stupid TV things.
Here's one that's interesting.
If man on the moon makes it at the box office,
it'll be the ultimate tribute to Jim Carrey's drawing power.
Andy Kaufman was never more than a second-tier comedian
of Taste of Masses never really acquired.
Even on taxi, he was a novelty actor, not the best one.
A Reverend Jim movie would be more fun.
Nice going there Tom.
Absolutely correct.
All these marginal cult figures that all of a sudden
were supposed to be so exciting about.
Anybody here give a crap about Andy Kaufman?
No, I don't.
No, I'd rather hear about George S. Kaufman.
At least I was the only person in the world
who knows who that is would be Boca Brian.
Because that was about a hundred years ago.
He used to be one of the stupid TV queiters
like What's My Line or something like that.
With A. Burrow's also dead.
You got What's My Line?
Come on, let's get the theme to watch My Line on it.
Here you go.
And there he is, the host of What's My Line.
John Charles did.
He did.
Here's George Hill Dylan.
He did.
Here's A. Burrow's.
He did.
Here's Ben and Sir.
He did.
Here's George S. Kaufman.
He's dead.
Here's darling Trenton.
She might as well be.
Here's to be sales.
I don't blame.
What's my line?
Oh right.
Yeah, there you go.
Oh, okay, Brian's probably squeezing himself.
Now I know that I got the names of all those panelists on there.
Man, nice going there, Neil.
Thank you.
So anyway, Tom Jickey goes on to say,
immediately after ripping this Andy Kaufman movie,
nice going Tom, even better than that.
Tom Jickey.
This body is stupid.
But he says.
And here comes the defining moment.
Finally, somebody recognizes that there's something going on.
This is our third consecutive week.
No calls on this show.
Now see if this were a town where we had real people
in the newspapers who wrote about radio on a regular basis.
Somebody long ago would have already written about this.
Will it fly?
Can he do it?
Does it suck?
Is it good?
Now something.
If this were a real market,
where people write about radio.
In most major markets,
there are radio columns every day.
Do we have that here?
No.
I don't, like I said years ago,
where you used to have a guy named Jack Anderson,
not the famous Jack Anderson,
the fat syndicated one, the political guy.
But there was a guy that heard years and years ago
when I first came here named Jack Anderson.
And we used to joke on the ear about the fact
that we didn't think this guy owned a radio.
He was the radio writer.
He never had any idea what was going on.
Tom Jikker says,
Neil Rogers might have the right idea
in dumping phone calls,
most of which are moronic.
How do you like that?
Moronic.
Excellent, Tom.
Maybe a little bit understated there,
but nevertheless.
And here comes the real frosting on a cake,
which of course they won't pay any attention
because those guys,
they're the experts, okay?
I don't know.
They're the experts.
He says WQAM's radio sports host
ought to consider following suit.
How do you like that?
If you have an inferiority complex,
the quickest way to cure it is to listen to the sports geeks
who called in,
especially after dolphin games,
you'll feel like the smartest person who ever lived.
Says Tom Jikker.
Nice go, Tom.
He's got it.
Stupid.
But right on target, sweetheart.
Nice going, baby.
He also has a couple other interesting points in this column.
I think this was the one from Saturday in the Sunsendel,
which I had to go out and buy with my own harder
and 50 cents or whatever,
which I've already paid for it.
So I had to spend the 25 cents in gas
and go to the gas station.
I could have called them and they would delivered one
whenever they got around to it.
But I want to sit around waiting for it.
When I want my paper now,
assholes.
He also says, remember,
packs his mission to clean up TV
and stress Christian values?
All it took to bring about a change in priorities
was for NBC to put some big money on the table.
It's just a matter of short time before NBC
buys a few more percentage points of packs
and takes control of programming.
Any wonder why they call it the Almighty Buck?
No.
No.
We don't wonder, in a course, especially,
I don't wonder,
since I knew a passion for the phone
he was two years ago.
When he told me,
I asked all about it a bunch of bull crap.
That's what he said.
All a bunch of bull asshits is what he said.
How do you like that?
It's always convenient for Buddy Bud,
like so many other people in America,
when it was convenient for him,
he was talking to good religious thing
and we're going to have Christian values
and clean up America.
And guess what?
People only want to see Dr. Schmendrick
medicine moment or whatever her name was
where after the first 4,000 times,
they got a little tired of that crap.
Yeah.
God, and Charlie's Angels.
You know?
I mean, I'm Charlie's Angelsville,
who came this time.
But after the 6,000 time,
God, turn off your response it.
Wasn't he on that?
Yeah, yes.
There's still not wearing any bras on that show, by the way.
There you go.
All right.
Oh, they're not wearing bras on that show
and they're headed on packs net.
Oh, my God, he's going to burn in hell.
I wouldn't be surprised if there might have been
a little tea hanging out there on that show.
Ooh, we.
And by the way, is the two lead in 2000
will be able to say the word tits on the air, is that true?
Uh-huh.
Good.
Something to look forward to in America.
Here's a letter to the,
I'm just going to go through the whole pile.
I could do this in a little more orderly sense today,
but I don't want to do that because it's a holiday.
Especially after, and by the way,
what a great job I did on a Friday,
if I do say so myself.
You'd have been proud of the selection of stuff.
I played the whole rack.
Thursday I played a lot of stuff too,
but Friday, show was telling me about it.
It was very impressive.
We even had a call from the Beast.
How do you like that?
Which I take as a very high compliment.
In between snoring,
he took the time to call the compliment me
on the tremendous selection.
See, anybody could come in here and just play a bunch of stuff.
Yeah.
Thanks, Beast.
Anybody could do that.
But to come in here and really entertain and know what to play
and when to play and have some themes
where the stuff was like,
nice going there.
Oh, God.
Thank you.
Very entertaining.
If you were entertained by Friday, show by the way.
Let's see a show of support on the phone here right now.
Okay.
See, I just want to do this because at least the phone is working.
Unlike last week when it wasn't working at all two days and a row.
So if I would have wanted to take calls,
see, that's what I should have done.
As soon as I saw that,
I should have said,
okay, today's the day we're going back to calls.
And then just soothe the rest.
Let's know if I were smart, which I'm not.
But if I were smart, that's what I would have done.
As soon as they told me that the phone system wasn't working at all,
this is before we started on, I think Wednesday.
I should have said, okay,
I can't sustain this thing for hours talking to myself anymore.
Today's the day we're going back to the phones.
And then as soon as I started posting around,
couldn't get a call on here,
I got a got up, walked out and soothe the rest for about 20 million.
What a moron I am, huh?
Look at that.
There's a couple of calls on here.
Not like overwhelming support there,
but I thought it was fantastic myself.
Much younger.
I guarantee you one thing.
We had a lot more response on these lines
when they thought I was given the dolphin ticket.
Guess what?
I don't have the dolphin tickets, okay?
I already gave him the jokas teller for the whole season.
A long time ago, I got no dolphin tickets,
no tickets for tonight.
So it was just a little joke, okay?
The jokes on you guys,
who wasted the time,
dialing frantically,
trying to suck around for free tickets.
Do I have a,
are you going to get them?
No.
No.
But have a good time tonight.
After you old brawl game.
Oh listen, look at this.
We have one of these breaks here.
This is great.
See, this is kind of like,
we're here, but nobody really cares.
I heard Hank say that the other day,
but I'm like, you don't know what day it is anymore.
I have no idea what day it is anymore.
I forget what day it was that I started losing track.
I'll tell you what day it was.
It was last Tuesday when I had the day off
because we had Hurricane Dodge ball on
or whatever it was at all day.
Yeah, that's right.
I forgot that was happening.
I turned on the radio and...
Yeah.
No, no, Neil.
And as of that day,
I started like, okay,
I'm losing my grasp on where I am
and what day it is, etc. and so on.
I had no idea what was going on.
And just like today,
does today feel like Monday?
No.
In fact, today, to me, it feels like Saturday.
No, seriously, today feels like Saturday.
So let's go home.
That's the point.
And do you think anybody who would notice?
No.
No.
And by the way,
you see the tremendous response I had there
for the people that really appreciate what I'd done in front.
That four or five little trickles on here.
I can put auto start on all the breaks,
play them all at once,
and then hit a mini disc
and then let the take back all the way.
Go out of here, it's Saturday, Goddammit.
This is 560, QAL.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Danny and Jimmy and Danny.
Danny and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny and Jimmy.
Dimmi and Danny.
We have a Hobo from Miramar.
Hello.
Bertoy.
So Jimi and Danny situations.
Yes.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Sami, maybe Danny, Jimmy and Danny and Danny and photographer?
Jimmy and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny
Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny after this word from Valley along therid,
this word from Valley along therid, this word from Valley along therid, this word from Valley Alon
The academ where the fallen prime x5 and the john mdgc worst part part part part part part part part part 1,
hours and hours and hours and then we got the other stuff on other stations just
did your dollar round okay a mf mp m and you'll find some other games because
here it's the big
sure was too bad wasn't it about those builds pull that came out yesterday
really a bad break wasn't sure and about the Seattle kicking Kansas
cities and that break too how we knew for center one here by the way here we
got the others and other page yet coming one more page to come so wait
we get to that but we got a bunch of taxes thanks to our close personal
friend Eric Eric Harold up there in Orlando he is we ought to send him
something like a million dollars or something like that he's great you
great you weren't here but there was like a major crisis pending on our
uh... being on the audio net
for the end of the week we're getting hostile emails
what do you mean
the email beside i get the emails or saying that they can't get the um...
archive archive right which is an our fault no i'm about he
uh... Eric fact that i read it in the fact that they're dropping a real
audio and they're going to some of the
if today he says i think i saw the problem of broadcast dot com and the best
news is wqn doesn't have to do anything
uh... we like it
because when we have to do something can we do it no so that's a way we like
it we don't have to do anything
i still think it's a good idea for somebody to come to contact broadcast dot
common verifying this okay i'll inhale out
and uh... hold my breath
currently the only place in the world you can hear the show is both real audio
and windows media is on the arigis dot com
what does that mean
or in both uh... okay
i also have an idea about how we can permanently sell the archive problem please
ask your stacomie
after the show call back to the show to your please
okay there you go eric
so here's uh... oh boy pretty slim
eighty eight thousand five hundred and forty five dollars for center one
with a few days to go four days left
uh... for five days left
this is the last week
i'm looking on here let me just uh... take a look at for that golf term
i'll hear you see any of that uh... because i would get us over ninety grand
and give us a chance to make the uh...
hundred thousand and i'm hoping for
you go to your spec stores
palm beach county date and brought over there in four miles also pick up the
best in the ninety nine cassettes and CDs
unfortunately no more key jans and by the way don't keep calling george and
wasting his time about thinking he's gonna get you keychains as you have him
no any good for you know there are no more
i don't even have one in fact my own george is got as many keychains as he's
got uh... dolphin tickets for night's jet game
the big uh... none
zero
so eighty eight thousand five forty five
thanks again to eddie kayo came through the nice check here at a building also
uh... let me martes came through last week
anybody else come to recently here in the building no
now
how about the b's like how about great read the management member how it i would
be
air every year without fail no matter who we were raising money for
the station would put up a check usually a grand
i remember busy put up a grand one year by green came up with a big check
peter bolzer even at peace of crap came up with a big check ron a wolf
came up with a big fat check
what's his name Roger or the dodge your uh...
crotch
the sales guy manager at plastic plastic he came up with a big check
how about here any of those type of people come up with checks for someone
here this year no
like that that's got a strange
any of our twenty five sales managers give you a big check for someone this
year no
not that i can recall
hmm
but i'm looking on here speaking of some of our sales managers
i'm looking on this very uh... carefully itemize list that carol is just
fact me
which ties into another thing that time jikko wrote yesterday in here in the
sunsend all
i don't see the twenty five hundred dollars that we allegedly were supposed
to be getting for center one from that infamous call to him if you see it on
the list no
i'm looking on here i'm scouring let me look again i don't want to over look at
i don't want to miss a big year
forget to put that down
what do you mean by that
everything is on here take a look at how itemize this is the phone the internet
that this the that the in the out
look at that we had a big week it's best last week fifty two hundred
bucks are biggest week right before christmas of course
we have to have a gigantic week this week to make our uh... hundred grand
have to be stupendous and humongous
but we'll do the best we can to bad
bad circumstances of which time jikko writes
well first he writes uh... in this column yesterday rank has its privilege one
radio
radio talk show host booked an u
uh...
forgot herself one after the October under the verboten effort on their w
i and z uh... program
retrobation was swift and decisive her producer larry baker was suspended
then fired ostensibly for not hitting the dump but within the seven
seconds that would have kept the word off the air
baker was doing two jobs because the station had recently act and entry-level
phone screener
if Daniel suffered any punishment w i and z managed to keep it
a secret
he suffered a ton of every every month with the numbers come out
what her big
way to our next and will be right there with her neck and neck
now here's rank has its privilege to
speaking about notorious infamous
you know something i don't think that i mentioned this on friday i'll say
again today i don't think anybody can even measure
with a yardstick
the irreparable damage
that had a whole masquerade has done
to this radio stage not just a set of one not just to me
get to all of us
that was like an an active suicide
by the people participated and by our brilliant leader
our general mangler
bad haircut who goes in the media and says all our portion of it went to
oj related to which time quotes in here by the way
he says rank has its privilege to w q a m a m five sixty
corded notoriety not to mention the wrath of the orages when it invited oj
Simpson to play in a September charity golf tournament
rogers had specifically dictated that oj not be invited wq m and further than
nearly involving the juice it picked up his expenses which must have been
considerable
the term had been expected to raise twenty five thousand dollars for center
rogers paturity
see that number comes in again only because somebody was not here anymore
i want to mention sand douche bag open up a big mouth and came up with a number
like that
he goes on to say only about two thousand dollars went to center one which
cares for a page and let me just interject that we know that any of the money
actually ever got collected by that oh no
wq a m general manager greg reed said some of the rest went to oj related
expenses
when the heat became unbearable promotions director sam duke took the fall
losing his job meanwhile high rubs at the station who signed off on oj's
perks beat the rap
nice going in there time thank god for time jika he's the only hope we got in
this town as far as we're concerned over here
who's he talking about
who's he talking about
it's a long list baby as long as your arm
going all the way up to the top to the head cheese
cheesehead
yeah people out there they think that cheesehead has got something with green
bay and the packers i had to break the news that cheesehead got to do with our
man
yeah
much muchy relly
just pathetic
to the like i said we're drowning in a sea of oj
drowning in a sea of juice
we're still suffering
wicked repercussions from it that we don't even know of yet
that's why so many days when i'm sitting here doing this i feel like i'm
talking to myself
because i know that most of the audience said q i m we don't want that it's
unclean we don't want nothing to do with those people
you know what it sounds like a hell of a big lawsuit to me
get your own landings on the phone
nine minutes after eleven at five sixty w to q m
just station stands for nothing
you can take my chair my dirty underwear
my ski mask my drape beard and my clothes
yes you can strip my walls
and you can kick my balls and the heck it's just by use to blow my nose
and you can take my knife my career knives my toothbrush and my can of apple
cheese
you can take my pants and that lamp I bought in France and that
negative of a sea and Joe three
but don't take my heart my
Andy Warhol art keep your fat hands off my eyes let's hope it's
good
you take my heart my Andy Warhol art I'm not doing something new
my my woman if you know what I mean baby don't take my heart my Andy Warhol
art because that's not my life and I can't let it pass
because if you touch my heart my Andy Warhol art I'm gonna keep my Bruno's
out of five
eleven thirteen at five sixty w q m is not interesting now guess what he's
wrong that one's gone
what are the pensions coming by the way
and sand he's gone he was the scapegoat was that card by the way that you got
from w e i and boss that was that from what I thought it was Tracy
Karrasato don't forget Tracy if there's any more falloff in the
golf room and you got to be the fall guy you're taking a rap is now what's
granted uh... that's what you call them told them there's any more fallout
you think he's gonna do it no no why don't you do that he's got a good job
up there he don't work here anymore he's not gonna put his nose up her
back oh god just a thought of that makes me nauseous man
haha oh god speaking of that x prosecutor accused of sexually abusing boys
dies
a former Canadian prosecutor would been charged with sexually abusing
boys has died in Fort Lauderdale
a miss angus mcdonald sixty nine
died Thursday less than a month before his preliminary hearing was scheduled
to begin on three sex charges involving two male complainants
hearing was set to begin on jayden were seventeen
mcdonald was one of twelve men charged as part of a provincial police
investigation into allegations that prominent people in the area sexually abused
boys as far back as the nineteen sixties another one of the twelve men
retired city doctor Arthur peachy seventy seven died he said one guy's name
the anus and the other one says that's peachy died December fifth he had been
committed to stand trial and trial have been scheduled to take place in the fall
of two thousand but i guess it won't now here comes the best part of this story
three priests a retired doctor and another lawyer as well as a couple of
small businessmen were among those charged out
how do you like that uh...
another isolated three o'vents and it's their three priests were among those
twelve charged of molesting boys
and you idiots out there you simple and continue subsidizing this largest
pedophilia organization in the entire universe it's called a catletchurch
how do you like that so next time that this Sunday
when you go there
or whatever run that you go for your next mass
and you put money in the collection plate just keep in mind what your
subsidizing okay is this going to do any good is going to change anybody's
mind no
because you like a bunch of robots you like a tomatons those of you who continue
like they got to call me a few weeks ago that pathetic call well you know
we're doing this with actually why you doing it uh... well i don't know we
just uh... we just do it
we just do it
because we're told that that's what we do
we don't think we just go and we do it we don't care what the money's
going we don't give a crap what they're doing or who they're doing
and of course your people all boys some of the worst in the world your people
sorry i don't know by the way speaking to your people so heraldo last night
those weren't my people and these were when you see you didn't stick around
long enough i wasn't watching neither
because i heard one too many
and that was the end for me
it was a thing about uh... latins in america and their influence on what
they've done here in port rekenzo here mexicans over there and the right you
know i will be uh... flip back in port wild channel serving but i was lucky
enough to come on the uh... segment
where came to my amina kubans did this and a human to that and who is he talking
to
in my amie you at the good thing you did turn it off because of the whatever meals
you wait last week while you're on vacation they would have all
back in on for the
the anxious one in this the penis sure
i'm surprised mark benson was none there and any shaper it was kuban kuban
this town it's like a one-no-chirley man just the same
old tired hax repeating the same old tired crap
over over and over again speaking of all hax by the way
get some michael puny head on yesterday morning on his eleven thirty in the
eight-year show
davberry
who's about as funny as a four pound tumor on your nose
and carl hyacin
who wasn't even a manatee at the time
you know carl hyacin i was a really good call about three times here and the
rest of the time is busy writing about wildlife and manatees and a bunch of
silly crap
and this was the most feeble attempt again during my channel serving out of
desperation i was watching little bits and pieces to see if anything
poignant might be said the most feeble attempt at humor and satire in the
history of the human race which of course davberry does every time he sits down
at a word processor and he syndicated he's all over the world just like an
l i-screen
see that's one thing nobody will ever convince me of and then just because
somebody or something is popular doesn't make it good
doesn't make it worthwhile doesn't make it funny doesn't make it interesting
doesn't make anything jlenos popular to is the ever said anything i left that
no in his life johnny karson was popular was he funny no
maybe once every six months if it gets stomach at that long
popular doesn't make good
tragic pathetic davberry he's like he's like the rascal house of a
columnist a state of mind you know seriously he is a state of mind somebody
somewhere said oh this guy's really funny what a dry wit he's got he has no
wit he doesn't even have a half wit and the two of them are under trying to
be a sarcastic and funny oh yeah we got to build a state for john henry anything
you want we'll also be in another rena and they're going down a hole is
same old tired crap this this town is like last
centuries hollivan not last years last centuries it's so stale every time you
open the window you think the evergrade is burning or something again no it's
just it's just a stale or roman the air that's what it is
the same old tired assholes they keep perading out over and over again
they talked about mayor penga that's mayor Alice penga pakenia
yeah that's my new name for our mayor Alice penga pakenia
and about the scandal at the airport and about how all of his friends were the
ones that got contracts it's not he's going to be the one that's got this blue
ribbon panel to investigate the fox investigation and they had some good
points but the desperate attempts to be funny I mean you know they should have
somebody with a shite chak berris there with a gong or major bows to gong these
bastards off the stage god yuck yuck yuck and i should have somebody in the
background going yuck yuck yuck tragic
and speaking of yuck yuck yuck here's a classic and didn't i say when i started
this it will be at least three weeks without the calls to the end of the year
i made a pledge on that except on the tapes where we have the best of we were
in there uh... and we had any calls no no and we won't
and then after that we'll see but here's a fact from a chronic
facture and liar to by the way because it says before i went on vacation a
few weeks ago and this person the handwriting has fact since i not been taking
a call in addition to which it wasn't a few weeks ago i stopped taking a
calls this is the third week so was two weeks ago
three weeks today
but this lying jibbering idiot writes unsigned of course but it's
worth it for the humor and the illiteracy before i went on vacation a few
weeks ago you were not taking any calls and i can't imagine i am back you
still not taking any calls i following this grammar
i can't imagine i am back you still not taking any calls i am just getting
tired of you blabbering on and on the purpose of you show is to take phone
if you keep this up everybody's been stopped listening to you
how do you like that the purpose of you show is to take phone calls that the
purpose of the show no the purpose of the show is to be entertaining
amusing stimulating aggravating whatever it is and i didn't by taking phone
calls whoever wrote somewhere that the heaven of talks you mean you got to take
stupid phone calls did anybody ever write that is it engraved in the
stone no did Albert Einstein say at the end of the century no
which is a joke but nevertheless
the purpose of you show is to take phone calls so we can listen to a bunch of
blabbering idiots going like that
like i said i listened very carefully to the calls on those sports shows now
i wouldn't give you a dime for all of them put together
here's almost never out of the end and then the sucking around once hank had a
call was either Thursday or Friday it was unbelievable
unbelievable from somebody who also claimed to have been out of town some very
articulate young guy who calls in oh well i've been out of town a couple of
weeks and i hear now that they're going to be building the uh... stating for
john Henry advice in tenio park uh... that it's a done deal and hank says no and
hank explains in twenty seconds or less what we've all been talking about for
days and this guy says oh gee i knew if anybody could explain it very clearly
to me will be you hank if anybody could cut away the bs and make it
understandable it would be you and i thought to myself
god almighty i had to look at my dashboard to see if the radio was going
vertical right through the god damnhood
from the suction
that's almost called a one-of-the-day ticket-team shot or more often than not
sucker out all of you i agree with everything you say you're so right about
about the
so who cares is that entertaining here somebody call in say you're so
right about what i know
do i care if anybody if any if one person out there thinks i'm right about
anything no i couldn't give a crap west
so i might job to sit in change your mind and twist your opinions i just give
mind that's what i get paid to give my opinions and entertain the truth four
hours every day
just like the lady would mind to be like music like i'm going to sit here and
change your just taste the music and add it of course not
if i like a song do i have to get his vote of approval first i'm
forget it i always taste the music sucks and i know mine is great
i'm sitting here looking at Tommy Brady he looks pretty good to me okay
i know i have good taste taste this
god i would i would clean his teeth with my tongue i really well i would clean
his gums what do you laugh at about it just like haven't you ever seen dogs do
that to each other animals do that my little dog always did that the big dog
and just drives him nuts okay just get away tiny leave him alone already
idiot you pervert always licks the other stuff out of their teeth oh god
he's cleaning his teeth for me doing an isa i do that no
i could be the dental hygienist here let me stick this in your mouth Tommy and
my tongue too what Tommy Brady i'll tell you one thing baby you can play on my
team any day of the week that's what the mad dog said even manager i think he's
got a developing a thing for Tom Brady he's so into that game coming up he's
a very handsome young man who can't see that exactly there you go
what's not to like so anyway here's another fact keep these
facts is coming by the way we had some good communicational in there for a while
on the facts machine out today of course the first 400 pages of facts paper before
10 o'clock this morning had to get wasted by those assholes at Gulf Stream Park
stop facts and your stuff for other people on this station who are facts
machine you're killing us especially they're the worst defenders too by the way
Gulf Stream Park i mean maybe maybe my friend Roy Slanthoff has still got
enough mentality left to tell those idiots over there don't
fact to this number do i want that stuff is it for us that's not their
machine it's not their thing okay send it to Hank send it to Ed get a guy
damn number sixty five thousand pages wasted with
Gulf Stream opening this and got the whole schedule every race they're going to
have the next 20 years do we want that stuff oh no stop bugging us already okay
you maniacs the facts number by the way of 305 650198
305 650198 maybe on Wednesday because i won't be here Thursday and Friday
since naturally it's close to new year we got to play tapes
but maybe on Wednesday we'll take a vote off the year of course
how what do you think and on the calls because Wednesday will be the official
end of the last these three weeks and no phone calls and then we'll find out if
the audience likes it not in the course i'll make up my own mind anyway but
that would be kind of interesting huh well no i'm not going to let them dictate
because then all the callers will call this oh no juice you know the guy with the
eyes will be on their 20 times colonin
tell us about how interesting and elucidating he always is with his calls
and the guy with a fanny pack that asshole too oh you know what i mean he's an asshole yeah
see the the thing that amuses me is that the people who are the worst
colors they think they're great cars people like Andy Moss oh George gets the
uh he gets the intellectual cars he really makes it exciting
you get the intellectuals i'm very upset about that too by the way yeah i can tell
yeah i'm disturbed deeply they can all tell that too
1126 at 560 wqa m on
one land and don't have the mungerifer will now die and believe my favorite
on the corner
for the night bed is he like me i might even get
to come with me gotta see me and i feel good i'll give you
if you want some or not i'll go for the beer
let's just come to the center girl and let me tell you
the only thing i can tell you is that i'm a winner
hey don't hurry i'll do more than 60s and i'll bet a half
in here i'll do the fucking other two the fastest if i now every morning here
hey don't hurry i'll do the ternic for the date of two at the end
i'll get the nidalean star that i'm a real but it doesn't go as i go to see my
free body that hey don't hurry i'll
one summer night time i'll go to port of the year make the town bill is not a girl
don't know me i'm from the far from my winner
tiny brainy i've got a big smile on my push now i just spoke to him off here
he said a cocktail frank would do it's 1131 at five sixty wqa m
and here's a desperate fact so all these people are they desperate uh what uh
from patrick out there i'll say to the embarrassment patrick and pepper pine although i do
like the iteration on that who uh and then now he's revised it even
sucking around even heavier duty than he said it originally like a half an hour ago
he starts out with a couple of things to hero this and this one about some other story
but that's all uh four play it's all uh facts four play because now we get to point number three
which is really what this facts is all about patrick is that what it's all about uh yeah
please please please please four pleases give me the tickets
demand that jokas teller return them no first of all jokas tellers in michigan right now in detroit
in gross point where to some white people okay patrick i'd like you
this is i'm a poor vanilla ice cream eating schwarza no it's schwarza with an e-r yet unless you
were a woman patrick this week schwarza or schmo who's never been in a state informally known
as your robby without ushering or serving food well what's wrong with that
isn't that what dark folks are supposed to do with ballpark's ushering sir food
uh-huh there you go patrick you better know your place mr
please if you find it within the parameters of the kindness of your heart then you can reach me at
nine five four with a phone number or email me at
bb.com my name is patrick how do you like that isn't that sad
and didn't i just didn't i mention very clearly then i go through a big saw to dance and saying
i don't have the tickets you already give him away to somebody else his father his brother in
law some schlepper on the street some stranger he sold him he he uh-scaled them i don't know
what he did with him maybe put him in his rectum that went up to him i'm sure to get with him i don't
know i don't have any tickets patrick but if anybody in the arms would like a pair
get on that phone he just in just in case i'll tell you what we got the polkiman
cards and dolls and everything else we've got polkiman himself in here
and uh-tickets for the night's game
anybody you can call right now and give me a list within 30 seconds every bit in order that
i played on issue on Friday you've got to ticket how's that six five oh how what's wrong with that
six five oh oh one nine eight of course then we'd have to go back and listen to the take
which would take probably longer than be probably get it done around midnight tonight
just in time to get on the turnpike and fight all the crowds coming back from that game and of
course the all be driving real good that's a little lesson for all you smart people out there
don't be driving anywhere near that stadium before and especially after tonight's game
another guy that looks like a little hint from yours truly to you because it could be a few
liberated toxicated walking assholes on the road to the front line
the dolphins and the jets on a Monday night the worst nightmare of your life
there couldn't be anything worse they're worried about the millennium scare this is a thousand times
worse than anything good happened on New Year's Eve is during a holiday break the dolphins jets
game on a Monday night now what are you laughing so hysterically about because I should know
what you're not the nice set what did he just say please don't tell me he's got tickets no
you heard you say you had something so he came in to get some
to get what not take it cocktail Frank's not cocktail Frank what else did I say I had
Pokemon cards and he was serious
yeah the nephew was serious
Chris Reed of course we do know it runs in the phantom by the way before I
happy birthday to Ralph C the Puerto Rican jet fan from plantation who's got tickets for today's
game by the way he factors me nice going air Ralph and also says George thanks for the tape you
evidently made a tape for this Julio oh you're welcome well you wouldn't have known he was
Puerto Rican but you wouldn't have gotten the tape anyway you did a nice job there in the
the nephew it doesn't fall far from the tree I guess not a bad guy but I'm gonna tell you when
push comes the shop you can see he didn't fall far from the tree man comes in here for the
Pokemon cards yeah well what else could we make up that we got here huh get these phones blazing
get a little money out 10,000 that's too simple something that they really want
something they want really really badly desperately free trip to Amsterdam with you no there's no
chance of that and by the way what are you doing you go there all day what's your typical day like
how about here what's your typical day like when you get up in the morning have a good ball movement
yeah especially when Peter Leonard brings me in some of their really good crap why don't you try
a couple of these candy bars over here George we haven't had any lunch here yet today
why not try 15 or 20 of those candy bars won't see you know more all week and then the best part
of Peter Leonard comes into this morning and I'm telling him about the tremendous experience I
hate with those candy bars let's see in gigantic letters on them excessive consumption may have a
laxative effect and he says oh I've been crappin my brains out all week how you like that
Peter formerly full of it but now I get not quite so full of it Leonard so how about some
Pokemon cards everybody wants them we got something to give away here that were brought in by our
good friend come on let's go five six seven oh five sixty get those kids off your back okay
even if you couldn't find them for Christmas better late than ever five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line we'll even let you pick and choose which ones you want
we got the toys we got dolls we got furbies from last year we got hula hoops whatever you want we
got them beanie babies look at that yeah we got beanie babies too there you go like the use we got
we got the honey bears slightly used honey bears from air in summers there you go
scored score yeah we got slightly used condoms from Peter scored scored north oh he really came
in and said that I'm just I don't know what to say I'm serious oh my god the nephew the nephew
comes in here and actually honest to god says can I have some of those oh I feel I'm clean like
I better run out and take a shower somewhere how could there be so many slow people all in one
place I don't want to say dumb because you know they maybe sent that dumb like Greg you know like
22 before noon at five sixty WQM don't panic I know we're not doing Danny and Jimmy and Jimmy
but in a couple of hours you can Danny and Jimmy heart content seven hours of pregame festivities
starting with Hank out there at P.P. Park and then we got the Hank with that more at four and then
at five the official whatever we got hours and hours and hours of Danny and Jimmy and Jimmy and
Danny and maybe if you're lucky you won't hear it either oh you know using him he does the color on
U.M. sports now on a basketball game using him in conjunction with the word color it's just
it's an abortion can you think of a more colorless person in the history of the human race
than Joseph Gackie no no bland colorless tapioca pudding
it's just stop it is died it died it died it died it just stop at the end of that spot
hi this is Bill's imprint go to QAM.com through all the latest dolphins information in your
case who in great crisis playing beat the broadcaster in your 205 60 WQAM.
please
Bank Beans to drive you to your knees
Bank Beans and cocktail we need
Bank Beans should make me cut the G
Who just let one go?
Who just let one go?
Who just let one go?
Who just let one go?
Who just let one go?
17 to 0 to 5, 60.
How about some meatballs from Bradwood?
They'll be good for lunch today since we just had a call from our good friend.
Was that Wayne or was that Hudson? Hudson.
Our good buddy Hudson, I'll come on Wednesday from Wayne Arnold.
Yeah, some meatballs from Tony's will be good for me today.
From our good close personal friend Brad, our best buddy.
So here is the fact this is going to astonish you.
These people out there talk about stupid.
Talk about idiots like I have all timers or something like that.
I mean maybe getting old and old but senile.
It's not that I was stubborn stupid.
But not like that.
Here is the exact same fact that this episode with the phone name facts in weeks and weeks and weeks and weeks and months ago when they first put the laugh it on the air.
The station with the billboard but no audience.
About how I just found a radio station in Walden, South to Lister.
Then they don't hang up on people.
Remember the sky? Look at the facts.
He still had it in the middle of the bus.
It's the same facts. Just printed it back out.
Yeah, and he just punched it back and went and doubt he punched it out.
And the facts too.
Although I do love this part.
It says another thing which is a very important issue is that when someone calls your radio station with a accent,
you guys back and met to me as racism.
You know who I'm talking about.
Just like Neil Rogers calling Spanish people spits which that is very wrong.
And I hope I can ask some Saturday.
Just the same old.
And who else are the spicks?
Aren't they Spanish people?
Yeah.
Are Greek spicks?
No. Israeli?
Russian? No. German? No. Dutch? No. French? No.
Spanish people are spicks.
So what's very, where he says I'm very wrong about that. Am I wrong? No.
Spanish people are on the spike.
Jewish people are kikes.
Black people are sportses.
Clouds.
Sports monkeys. Spooks.
What else?
Huh?
Oh, here's another fact.
Oh, this fact machine is really choice. Patrick again fact is me.
Patrick, let me say it again. The word is like the Gary Sarner of a list of his out there, Patrick.
The word is no.
Oh, I'm speaking to Gary Sarner by the way you were away.
And I just, this person mentioning again.
So I had him in a parking lot one day last week.
In the middle of the week, he hadn't seen him in a coon stage.
Oh, there's another one.
He hadn't seen him in a very long time.
And, uh, you know, well, I think with a computer, they're just trying to make you happy.
They just want to, I said, don't you understand it Gary? The word was no.
I'm not interested. Don't you get it?
Well, where is it now? It's in a box in my house.
And that's what's going to stay in the box.
Anybody want that computer in that screen, by the way?
I think I will give that away.
I thought we're going to put that in here.
I think I'll give away the computer.
Okay. I mean, it's the holidays, man.
Let's give something to this audience.
We don't have any Pokemon cards that we just joke.
We don't have any dolphin jets tickets.
That was just a joke.
But I do have any audience.
Those are a computer.
I don't even know what brand it is.
But it's a good one. It's a 56k, huh?
And I got a little monitor that goes with it.
That was sent to me.
Uncelested that I don't want.
Maybe we'll give that away in a year today.
Does somebody's got something good to say for not as a case maybe?
Here's another fact that says, do I want those stupid dolphin tickets?
Oh, and you know what it says in a bottom?
I was a little slow on the update.
On the bottom it says no.
Nice going, Rick.
You are, Rick.
Maybe it was Rick Riley.
We'll probably stupidity go into the tractor pool and not to go to some stupid dolphins game.
Nice going, Rick.
Like he said, no, no, no, no, no.
Let's give away that computer with monitor.
Okay, here on 560qYM.
Let's run some kind of a bogus contest.
What do you say?
And we can do this is.
This is good as those third channel people.
We don't have a conscience here, but we're proud of it.
We play the old Beaton Switch game, but I talk about it here on here. Do they care?
I'm sure they do care, but too bad.
Too bad you bought the near Roger show. You're gonna wind up in a goddamn hurricane dodgeball game. Too bad.
That's what's on it that time. That's what you bought you bought a time period. You didn't buy a show. You bought a time slot dummy.
God
Here's a great letter of the editor from RJ Brett in Tevernir. VRA DT that is.
This is in the hero someday. I don't know. I don't know. Who knows when?
Does making difference?
It says don't give criminals a second chance right on target RJ.
It says Ray Greg Cotex is the December 17 column. Collins fall out what next?
I take issue with a statement. Warwick's crime was victimless.
Ripping off a merchant by whatever method is larceny and the merchant no matter how prosperous and wealthy is a victim.
Mr. Cotex is in difference in indulgence in wrongdoing by a youth because he is athletically exceptional and disadvantaged is a dangerous precedent.
He minimizes the seriousness of Mr. Warwick's actions which the New York Downtown Athletic Club wore to seriously enough to exclude Mr. Warwick not with standing his athletic prowess from nomination for the Highsman Trophy.
Mr. Cotex is failure to publicly recognize Peter Warwick's actions as serious enough to be a precursor to further anti-social behavior is a travesty.
RJ Bratton Tabernoy and I are going like I said RJ Greg Cotex he read his Scrape but you're so typical of the jocks difference in his town.
I've been screaming and yelling and I will continue to do so about this as long as I have a breath in my putrid body.
As holes covering up for minimizing suck it up to scumbags okay worshipping scumbags putting them out by the pedestal and setting them
some kind of great role model somebody would be admired by the youth of America.
You're at a Scrape Scrape Cotex and by the way guess what the Panthers beat the Penguins in that series five years ago.
Nothing I want to keep going back to that and holding it over your head but I will anyway because wrong is still wrong.
See something great going on in this town he decided to be negative to P.R. Parade back then five years ago.
When the Panthers made that big playoff run he decided to be Mr. Negativity and he was wrong.
He didn't know his answer was elbow with no hockey puck if they stuck it in his teeth and they all too.
But when it comes to covering up for some damn jock who's busy shoplifting with the help of his friends in a department store and guess what by the way.
That particular department store it'll be a miracle if they stay open. How does the billets stay open?
I just don't get it. I like the lords I was there just a few days ago. I was there on the day on Christmas Eve day.
How do you like that? Was that ballsy or what?
Me to go shopping on Christmas Eve day not too bright.
And that parking lot was jammed. I found a parking spot about two and a half miles away from the store.
I wanted in there and you know something you know all the cars. It must have been the people for pennies and
burn-ins that were parking in there a lot because there was almost still almost nobody in the store.
Now there were a few people in there salesmen.
I'm tired you've ever been in there have you been in a dillard store?
Yeah it's great they have nice merchandise. Okay so it's a little pricey year than some of your schlock stores
but still it's a great store that good collection of giving gifts. You don't want to give somebody a piece of crap?
Yeah I don't. Oh I know what's speaking of that let me say to a little bit space because maybe you didn't
hear the comment I made last week that lean mean fat grilling machine that you gave me for my birthday
greatest gift I ever had in my life. Really I was afraid to ask because you didn't say anything.
Because I had news. I had news. Okay. I'm not aware of what he's saying.
I'm not aware of what people want to hear my feelings. I was going to go out and buy five pounds of hamburger meat just that day
just because you gave me the gift. I eat what I eat when I'm ready. You know I'm saying Tommy Brady.
There you go. What do you laugh at about? Huh? How about you he knows good meat?
No but seriously those are the best hamburgers in the history of mankind in that lean mean fat grilling machine.
And you put that little uh that little uh whatever you call it receptacle thing in front of it.
The little hand grip thing it's on a pen like a little plastic drip container catcher.
Yeah the drip catcher. Squirt, squirt if you got like something bad you caught.
I think they have those that the swing club George goes to they have a drip catcher. Squirt, squirt. Yeah.
But anyway it's great. Five minutes. Five minutes when here's the I see I lost the uh
instruction book assuming one came with it all you probably took it off. No I saw it in it.
I don't know. I misplaced it. I got it somewhere. So I'm probably in there it tells you to
preheat the thing before you stick your meat in there. Oh always get a good warm before you stick
your meat in there. That's a good lesson for all your kids out there. Like two minutes is good.
Preheat it for two minutes it's nice and hot. By the end while that's preheating you're slapping your
hamburger or you're slapping your meat and getting a nice and the ready to go in there and you put
a little seasoning on it and you stick it in there and it cooks both sides at once.
You take it out of there four to five minutes four to five minutes you take it out you slap a
nice piece of cheese. I know you put it in the microwave 22 seconds you've got the best
guide them cheeseburger in the history of the human race. Well and that has a timer on it.
Right. It says I mean it's set on the box. And that works just do the timer and day.
No well you set it for minutes one minute two whatever and then it dings and it starts beeping with
about 20 seconds to go with deep time. Like Tony or Landau at Nox three times and then you open
it up and there's your meat is beautiful. Beautiful. Nice going George Format. I never say anything
bit about boxers okay. I love George Format. Have you ever seen the Informer? Oh yeah it's great.
It's great. He's a panic. The lean meat grill and machine baby. And I beg all the people in the
audience if you're searching like a lot of you I'm sure were for a last minute holiday gift go
out there and get it. I can't imagine anybody who wouldn't love that. I mean no matter how many
different appliances you've got your microwave and your barbecue I got an outdoor grill at great
what kind is it that the Weber grill. Whatever happened to that guy but I'm sorry but no I do I have
a great Weber grill out there that I use a lot but I'm telling you there is no better hamburgers
in the world because even when you have a grill outside you still got to flip your meat.
And I know a lot of you guys out there enjoy flipping your meat but how about those hamburgers?
This way you just like Ron Popeel would say you said it and forget it.
Pagerist. Yeah although he didn't make this he must be selling a lot of those guided
them. You must have seen that six times huh. What do they call those? The pasta maker?
No no forget the pasta maker. The thing with the window that slides out that your cook your ducks
in your your capons and your chickens and your turkeys in there. The thing with you haven't seen
that. No I'm behind. How could you miss that for crying out loud during the holidays when there's
no guided in nothing on television with 85 channels and 200 satellite dishes and there's still nothing
there's nothing like a good infomercial. See I hate to admit it I find some of those really entertaining.
I see and you don't agree with me there you go I find them and I've seen the same one where he
does because entertaining and good in an amusing way. I'll tell you who else is good is that silly
British guy with a bad people like all the rest of them and he read suspenders and he's got that
thing where he had twisted and the cross-eyed bits that's on there that who's who's overwhelmed with
everything oh my goodness I can't believe it what a bargain only 25 payments of 60 bucks
25 easy payments of 60 bucks you know the thing I'm talking about it this shredder uh yeah
which is a piece of direct you can tell by looking at it it's a piece of crap but I will say this
they had the consumers reports which I hate those people by the way they're full of crap but
nevertheless the consumers reports people around one of the morning shows a few weeks ago
where everybody getting ready to shop for Christmas and they rated a lot of these different
informational products and the Ron Popeel I wish somebody would tell me what the name of that
machine wrote history thing if the wrote history thing yeah I think I've seen it but not like
just slipping yeah you open it up and it's got a uh
spit and you just you take the thing out and you stick it through your chicken or your ducks or
whatever and you're popping and you just to push it back into thing up there you set your time
or you set it and forget it how could you not have seen that infomercial everybody in this
audience is squeezing themselves thinking about that infomercial show time wrote history show time
wrote history girl thank you so much see once in a while we have that's what the phone is good for
when we're like dumb which is most of the time I ask a question or George asked a question and then
they call him say here's the answer dummy thank you that's what the phone is for
the talk show okay the fill in the gaps when we uh all we can say about it is
we don't know the show time wrote history girl I highly recommend it I don't even have one
huh in fact we have to get Ron Popeo back on a show on the phone one day just so I can tell him
I'm making a little more than the last time he asked that embarrassing question how come I answered
that question by the way here's a guy who obviously he makes more in a day than all the rest of us do
in in a year including even me who makes a few bucks he's a multi multi multi-millionaire
pedaling crap he finally came out with a good product unlike that orange piece of crap that
what do they call that thing that you uh with the vegetables the diced your slicer I don't know
the pocket fisherman vajramatic oh I'm sorry vajramatic with apologies to Bob and Tom the
vajramatic are you not in the pocket fisherman yes the pocket rocket maybe Tommy Brady would
like one for his birthday a pocket fisherman so you've never just been driving another road
and really had a hanker and a fish see that's her my I've had a hanker and for Tom Brady driving
on the road and why I'd like to be his own personal pocket fisherman maybe I could find a
trouser trow four minutes before noon at five sixty w a qm let's hear it for Ron Popeel baby showtime
rotisserie what is it whatever that thing is grill but not as good as the lean mean fat grown machine
oh that thing I'm not exaggerating why would I they're great do the wife was not going to shoot
saying that you weren't going to like it well guess what crystal you lose now she probably
if you have the believing here because I said while he didn't hear and say anything I wasn't
wondering because I hadn't tried it yet what I wasn't going to ask you I was terrified it sucks
okay it's a piece of crap no I'm glad no I'm not going to go get one you don't have one no we've got
two different grills for Christmas get the grills I'm telling you right now the best give it a try
I can't take too much water you strike out my ass welcome
that's for an aprica yeah blue me to the cat
I can't take too much water I can't take too much water no
I can't take it at all I ask for it from all that's
I have to change my pants I can't take too much water
202 at 560 WQ I'm Dan at Mad Dog I'm a little distracted here today because I keep looking
at this picture Tom Brady and thinking boy sure would look a lot better with that shirt off
anyway here's the facts from Joe a Julio from Halea who's a good guy but tending to be a little
chronic down to facts machine welcome back Georgie says and of course leave it to a Julio to
spell it with a J says you've got my vote in the votes of a couple of dead relives for the
possible new format that's how we do it in the Halea that's right get those dead relatives to
vote in on Wednesday vote on the format very very very fascinating thing I saw on CNN yesterday
in a very implausible place you know that show both sides the of F.E. both sides with Jesse Jackson
now how they spell B.O.F.E. on both sides so anyway Jesse was on air who makes me sick to my stomach
but nevertheless the topic was religion and of course I'm always glued any short lines
that were they're talking about religion and they had one guy on air kind of a some Getsky who was
actually telling like it was they had three they had some reform rabbi on there who kept going
oh oh and then of course they had some cat lick shill on there you know we always have to have
at least one token cat lick shill on every one of these panels to make sure we keep everybody else
in line under penalty of death they kept flashing this a little swanster I don't know what that meant
but anyway so they were talking about the you know the rule of religion plays in the fundamentalist
and extremist and this and that and the one guy the first one who was dark and collected by the way
kept alluding the fact that all the horrible things that are done in the name of religion
and because people refuse to make you an offer you can't refuse so they brought up some statistics
which I found to be astonishing CNN poll and of course you know how people lie about this stuff
the first question is there are Americans what percentage of you at a state said 79% of Americans
say they have no doubt of the existence of a god 79% which means about 25 30% are liars
60% of the of the whole of the US said they have faith in God to do stuff to do something like maybe
have a good VM now here comes the most interesting statistic I want to I wish I would because I
didn't have a pin handy it was going to write it down and they flashed up on the screen so fast
mostly because of the embarrassing stuff they don't want you to see too good how many people in
America said religion plays an important part of their lives and this of course coming at a time
when they continue giving us this peddling as this crap oh yes there's this tremendous religious
Renaissance and young American people are looking for spirituality and yeah yeah yeah they
54% say religion plays an important role in their lives in America in the Netherlands 25%
in England 19% and then there were two or three other countries under England and I said
yeah how do you like that let me say it again the US 54% of the people in this survey said
religion plays an important part of their lives and in the Netherlands 25% it was interesting
because Netherlands was a second right underneath and you want to know why because that means
that's why so many of them are having a good time over there that's why they know how to live
and let live and leave everybody alone and England only 19% which gave me a renewed appreciation
for those silly breaths they may be silly and they may be walk and loud and obnoxious and they
may worship a queen but nevertheless they know how to have a good time and you like that and then
I obsessed with this religion of course I don't know if they took a poll in Northern Ireland
something like that speaking of the Brits isn't that something 79% of the people respiting in the US
because it's one of those obligatory things do you like your mother it's one of those kind of a
question and of course they wouldn't have pulled Georgia that I know you would have been bad they
would left you out on the pool I mean just that no it's a little spec you know bitch ruined Christmas
again at least are you gonna start are you gonna start on this can't you wait to Martin Luther
Coon Day comes up when I'm out of here can't you wait till then all right or go ahead take all the time
you know it's right talk about the fact he woke you up at 4 30 this morning that was that was I
understand but that's just like a little sidebar Georgia's mother whom he hates like poison
Georgia's Cuban mother whom he despises like poison and wishes would die a wicked wicked death soon
very very soon immediately not sooner like maybe five minutes ago my brothers were getting
crap because of what I say about our mother and their co-workers and my mother they say he's the
only one of us who will speak to her yeah which is true well why do you speak to her that's me
remember what I was saying earlier about liking people that everybody else you speak to her because
you need her like a baby sitter right exactly you need her for a certain thing just like if you
had a couple of dogs and need your mother to occasionally baby you can relax you other
pick a job yeah right they have a function but got almighty watch yourself now this could become
very insensitive here we will want George to get a reputation as being
insensitive because we all were sure that those people with a force can are a lot more sensitive
eight minutes after noon at five sixty w.a. I'm like I just I just I just I just I just I just
I just tell me just tell me what your problem
clearly coming down with the little pung saying patty say how great they finally hang your child
across the USA what do you want or what is this I hear this cry and valley who there's a bunch
of queers again this year who say that I wish to oh god love the ae-rish and let's discuss your
day if you are you won't be marching upon the same patty say you can be above my bucket of
stomachs short and that's okay but you can't be ae-rish if you do now you are at our type
both Eminence's great I've delivered this pronouncement upon the blessed day short a little bit of
heaven fall and nestled in the sea what you're going straight to help a homosexuality oh god
is obviously ae-rish but what's your game that's the name of the name of the face you can be a
panamahia done bad love to you anyway but you can't be ae-rish if you do oh
l e s b a a and and f bells lesbian choose another women part I made with
can develop and can never get to date with l e s b a a and and f we say all right it's a shame
that's the game one to come out and march with us lesbian no way to choose that cardinal part
be sure to set just straight it boils like the Kennedy's the day this country agrees we won't
allow nobody to pan the wedding of the green and when we say up the ae-rish boy is this what we
mean oh god love the ae-rish as long as Minerman it's a perhaps the number of times we've never
been seen in drunken herl and some 11 all the way but you can't be ae-rish if you're gay no you can't be
ae-rish if you do don't even try ae-rish if you do you turn 12 at 560 w kumas we continue
rolling long singing a song taking no cause kind of love it how come nobody called for that
computer in a your monitor by the way I find the Pokemon thing even in that view comes walking
in here do we have any of those cards or anything we poke in anything no poke this and the dolphin
jets tickets which like I said you'll costella while I'm sure is already given away but something that
you know I've got in my possession that I absolutely do not want any part of and it's not an
expensive computer maybe 150 bucks and the monitor how much for a cheap monitor maybe 100
not a big one it's a small one in the monitor too and it's sitting they're both sitting in a
box what am I going to do with those do I need them no do I want them no I want to do with
Gary Sarner do I want to see him again no of course not so we finally get to something that is
tangible and I got my that I have and he's idiots god here's the facts from Danny at Caroline
a mountain water and by the way speak of Caroline a mountain water brings me back to my invoice here
for my good friends at color again nice going there by the way Todd Drecku idiot you scumbag god he's
an asshole yeah and didn't I predict that right here on the ear who in fact every time I did
that spot I used to say well just a matter of time he's destroying this account and then he
blames it on that poor Mark Lippoff guy the agency that poor bastard that poor pathetic bastard
yeah blames it on him this guy wouldn't give me any copy that made sense they remember remember
the the evolution of that account was the epitome of this radio station they could take gold and
spin it into pure crap with an SH I'm I'm serious they could take bottom bars of gold
and spin it into five minutes oh look at those phones Ray and man they want that computer huh
we're not answering the phone though so we're gonna do that air beeline is smoking that's more
calls right now than we get in a month of Monday the only problem is Georgia and answer in the phone
now maybe you can explain it to me how does that work what's that when you're not answering
the phone and we're trying to give something away how do we do it we'll roll a die and then
that personal when they died so anyway here's this bill which I saved just to show to you so you
could actually see it with your own four eyes invoice from Colligan mailed the WQM the near-round
you show for the water that we had out here in the hallway which at one time I think it was a
trade deal at the death work that with them yeah yeah but then of course after Todd Gregg's screwed up
our relationship they came in here they loved me they were peeing all over we were drowning in a
flood here even Alice never saw somebody got them so much water even Jesus and Moses put together
couldn't have parted there was so much floating in here came to my house peed all over my leg
sat on the sofa the one guy who left the company by the way the next week but nevertheless
bop bop bop bop bop all we love you were so excited we're delighted to be on with it they put
an assistant in my house and all this other good crap hey Colligan man you know and I got
through a water stopper thing which I've been using for a long time which I do pay for by the way
but nevertheless and all of a sudden we went from the top of the mountain to the first
prepper with the Colligan account and I just use that as a perfect example of how this radio station
and this sales department who are just like a bunch of loose cannons loose cannons we don't have
any salesman in there out too busy doing got only knows what yeah who knows what they're doing or
although we got a pretty good idea so here's this bill for ninety eight dollars in the 53 cents
from Colligan which I'm ripping up on here right now I'm not paying it oh I sure hope that this
doesn't screw their credit up here that they get behind on a bill huh you don't think that this
good there is nothing that could happen that could screw up these people's credit they want to be
pleased they haven't paid a bill since before Jesus was a was a was a was a figment of somebody's
imagination so Danny from Caroline a mountain water faxes it says since you're not busy with call
can you help me out did Phoenix pull it out last night against L.A. I don't know who pulled it out
but I don't know the score see maybe somebody the audience knows of course then you have to answer
the phone don't do it maybe somebody will faxes the final score between Phoenix and L.A. last night
also Danny says I'm thinking getting a bowl terrier like Spud McKenzie no anybody know where to
get one and he wants to know about prices and temperament do I have anything about a bowl terrier
no oh they're nasty little dogs temperament he wants to know they're ugly yeah they're ugly and
they're nasty well maybe Danny's ugly and nasty I don't know I don't know Danny maybe somebody
will fax me some information about a bowl terrier and also give us the final score of the penis L.A.
game last night on the west coast I have no idea I can start at 10 30 and long long before
I have no idea here's from Jeff and Pembroke pine oh before I get to Jeff because I really want
to dwell on this because this is something really great that I hope a lot of you will go out there
and get here's a new use resolution for you this is for my new close personal friend Susan Garcia
who's become a regular factor not chronic but she's good it says you were talking about the
George Foreman grill I recently bought the small one which you can make the only two hamburgers with
then I decided to buy the biggest one she says my cholesterol has dropped very much how do you
like that and you know something the the receptacle the little plastic thing the drip the drip
of thing tray what the drip tray very good excellent the drip tray that you stick in front of the
thing and the fact just slides down because it's a slope it's an angled thing the frying thing is an
angled surface so it drips down into a little frying tray thing it drips but when you when you're
finished number one it's amazing how much is in there how much fat and number two have you ever
tried to wash one of those even with the with with no no never had it with soap with stuff no
it doesn't you have to wipe it out you even you fill up with like what am I thinking what's
that joy stuff like that you know you know stuff that then your clean dishes with that dish so
whatever joy that's good enough god damn this soap like they soap like squeeze the stuff you
squeeze it and you put it in and usually anything else like a dish for example you got a dish that
you just had a bunch of greasy stuff you put some water in there with some dish soap and in a little
while you don't even hardly have to wash it you just put the faucet on it's clean it all not in this
thing this is catching the heavy heavy duty grease baby that you don't want to go in your body but
but it doesn't it doesn't dry it out in other words you don't have like a piece of dry meat when
you're done there oh I'm telling you so anyway Susan says it's the greatest I bought another
grill from him where the the what where there's a dome lid on top and in the middle you put juices
or dips and it cooks well that sounds great yeah you cook your dip and like if you want to dip
your wick it says it's also great they sell them at Walmart and came art for about 89 95 thank
you Susan we love George Foreman and his laying grill and fat burn and machine so here's Jeff
and Pepper Pines who says I would like to start voting on the no phone phone calls format by saying
no calls till Easter Neil is risen how do you like that nice going Jeff nice suction I would also
like to say you need the audience to vote like you need a hemorrhoid yeah but it'll make them feel
like they're doing something worthwhile just like these stupid calls for that computer you should
just sing oh and as soon as I said stupid calls want them dropped off I'm not giving away no computer
what is this did my Sam giving nothing away on the year in the future did not say that it's wrong
with you people you're like a bunch of auto mate tons says also on the 36 year old male non-believing
Jew who was chosen by arbitrarian back in September we sure love Jeff first I wish I could
receive one since I thought only minorities received the four dollars in the diaries I guess
they were surprised it's the only thing I listen to is you and sometimes a little of Hank show
I know you get paid well but they don't pay you and Hank enough to speak to morons keep up
the good work I'll stop by and say hi to New Year's days game with the arena if we're still alive
lawyer listener Jeff and Pepper Pines nice going there Jeff
I know what you do is get the hell out of here and go do some infomercials
seriously can you imagine the amount of money in those things wow and I can cross my eyes you know
oh yeah Ron whatever you say Ron I could do a cross-divertine no problem at all
when it's your is delicious you could go on with George for me I'd like to go on I could
that's something I really believe in I could go on with a little bald headed George
Jesus figurine spared in tornado rectal much here oh del city Oklahoma wouldn't you know
that in the Bible belt they don't mess with Jesus in the Bible belt maybe down here a little bit
maybe in Michigan maybe in New York yet they messed a lot with Jesus like that music Brooklyn
Museum of Art they've messed with the Virgin Mary with her elephant breasts
del city Oklahoma after a tornado demolished Linda Rachel's home in May her friends found
scratched and broken pieces of the nativity scene that were hand-painted by her late mother
decades ago one friend placed the pieces wrapped in newspaper in a drawer for safekeeping
the only items rescued from her attic last Sunday hoping to salvage enough to display the
sensitivity scene again this Christmas Rachel took stock of what she had
heads were missing an eight inch camel was in eight pieces and everything was covered in fiber
glass and debris from the destroyed house and then she saw it baby Jesus was intact
it's the baby Jesus again he's everywhere that God damn baby Jesus he's everywhere he's in Miami
in little Havana he's in del city Oklahoma everywhere you look there's the baby Jesus
who celebrated Christmas here by the way I feel so sorry for that kid
sure I feel sorry or should it be jealous all the attention that he's getting all the gifts
being showered upon him he's a superstar they got those thousands and thousands and thousands
of crazy people over there in in Havana with the t-shirts with his push on it he's like he's like
the Dalai Lama now and you know something I think he is the Dalai Lama not that silly old man with
the glasses in the bald head he's not the baby Jesus leave it to me he's the Dalai Lama baby
like they say in Peru take me to your llama and there's our lunch from Tonys and Brad's
and all those other great folks thank you very much I don't want to ask a stupid question okay
because I realize it's the holidays and I know I'm getting old and maybe my eyesight isn't what
it used to be did he really have green here our delivery boy oh I didn't notice it green here
like a leopard come I'm serious he had his hair with the season or maybe he was just the
matching with Carlos you know maybe that's the Christmas look maybe what was trying to do one
up on you on my Carlos maybe he has something that's red and then she saw the baby Jesus was intact
how do you like that oh my god he was whole that's with the wh and he was perfect I just sat down
and a chair and started crying she said after losing almost everything she owned Rachel said fighting
the statuette was a miracle I know that God and his angels were watching out for her she said
describing him with her daughter and fiance how she escaped from being injured by the storm see
this is why those kids keep getting killed in school and all these people keep getting shot like
in candle and implantation because God is watching out for statuettes he's not watching out for people
might get shot at him and anyway Rachel says she plans to put the nativity scene out every year
and we build her home in the same spot the tornadoes that swept the Oklahoma May 3rd killed 44 people
left 8,000 people homeless God wasn't watching out for the 44 people who got killed by the tornadoes
he wasn't watching out for the 8,000 people who were left homeless he was watching out for the
statuette of the little baby Jesus nice going God
oh look at those beautiful balls from my friends at Tony's thanks Brad
hundred ninety-third north-western evident and some sussi to and a fork and a knife
now what if I put Tom Brady real close to those huh well you can always dream you can always
fantasize what you have for lunch Tom Brady's sausage 26th afternoon at 560 WQM the
God of Friday what up what up you're hungry wow
you're feeling the strange effects of all the traveling and eating in cheap restaurants hello
mochars it's scully I need your help what's up something's going on inside me I feel like I'm going
to explode and slides files what do you do when the forces of nature turn on you
scully I'm feeling it too what can it be I don't know my room is filled with a strange aroma my
it's like smiles we'll scully and motor survive
it's like smile it's scully and motor's first in-conven with an unidentified
by a postingopping
Carol just materialized in there
hey let's
jan
hey it's better than the rest of the crap on TV
I hope to join the city morning.
I hope to join the night.
I hope to join the city afternoon.
It's making me feel alright.
I hope to join the time of the city.
It's a truly time of war.
I hope to join the city morning.
I hope to join the city afternoon.
Oh my baby, it won't stop me.
But you'll be hard-working man.
And my mother, she won't stop me.
But you'll be busy, can't.
Then one day, I met Emma,
gave me a gift.
You've heard hard work,
and hard work, right?
The first thing I'll do is
So now I hope to join when I get out.
In the car I hope to join.
I hope to join when I play TV or games.
And at every 10,000 points I hope to join.
I hope to join the time of the city.
It's doing time of war.
I hope to join the car I hope to join.
And then I hope to more.
Did you learn from her...
Yes, I used to be someone who once emitting.
And today I was bullying her.
So something like that happens every night.
My mama, she was talking to you to see the sun
Then one day I said, damn it, she scared to me as it is
Heart will grow, then heart will fight
Just take care of her, that's why I hope you don't give me money
I hope you don't deny
I hope you don't give me after you
It makes me feel alright
I hope you don't give me time of peace
And do it time of war
I hope you don't give me thought
I hope you don't give me
And then I hope you want
Oh, you don't give me
That's what I do
Oh, you don't give me money
I hope you don't give me money
Oh, you don't give me
It starts with me if he happens to do it
Yeah, it would be better if you don't run around with me
Or home or home
Oh, you don't give me
I hope you don't want to say that
Hey, hey, hey
Oh, you don't give me
That's what I do
Hey, hey, hey
Oh, you're nice
Oh, you don't give me
That's what I do
She said I was too old to be
She said I was too old to be
Now she's got me hooked on these
I got a crumb limb that energy
My goal is up
Now, my next penny around and up
Has been slept for three days now
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa
Time to wait for the grand, give me a phrase
How many drugs do I have to save
When air is calling out and it could work to be
The size of the energy
No, the cost of hard business going wow
I'll see, like I want to die
evangelize and just to schedule
imentosjnsjj
Imag substitute
Ese kil fabadat
ese vit ketk salty
 ide aege
BSy broadcast
survey
Oh, whoa, whoa, but
You're a party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party,
party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party, party
party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party
party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party
party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party
party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party
party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party
party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party
party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party
party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party
party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party Party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party
Hey, but I'm in it and I think they're really great. I doubt that you can't hear the one or two much less or eight
Eight sounds that you hate
The men from the boys they will surely separate. I tell you what they are
Karen's TV's you'll go
I like fingering nails on a blackboard
The people crack their neck for the knuckle when I rubbed our phone together
That just made me
Eight sounds you can't stand
Which you could tolerate if you were a handsome man I am
And to the list of eight
A fork and a knife
Graving on a plate
Graving on a plate
Graving
Here's what I really love
You might want to try it
Give me feedback in my headphones
Oh yeah, that's more like it
Little more
Little more over there
Little more
Hey, sounds so unique
Now let's review so you can really really free
Finger nails on a blackboard
The people crack their neck for the knuckle
Rubb cyber from together
Cause it makes me shuffle
I like when you see good on a gym floor
Rating in a moving window
When it gets into drilling my mold
That makes me say pingo
My boy singing on his record
Can you test hold on five China
It's these down give you the shivers
That makes you a whiner
Hey, do you go nuts to someone fight their fork like this
Was I love it?
Here, I'll do it again
Do you have a nervous system left?
How about the sweetie wiping a window?
I back my neck
Ah
Supply you win
Supply win
Oh wait, I got one more
Okay, 1245 at 560 WKM. Here's the facts from Brad and per
PR ECY
PreC
What's all that?
Brad and somebody
It says the Georgian meal from Hawaii Brad and family wishing you the happiest of
HOLI DAZ
Holy days
From our house viewers starting to miss the phone calls though T-O-U-T-H
We love the Corvette CDs and the people have bought the Corvette remember they brought the owners manual to peach a lot
And I signed off they mentioned here and
Center and so on cheers to your fine sponsor loopback roach early for fine service at center and so on
George don't forget to check out the Florida couples chat room on a well
And it says at the end here the baby Jesus is smiling on you whatever that means happy 2000 from Brad and I don't know
What to make of that do you have any idea what to make of that?
He's always smiling on us the baby it's the baby Jesus. I know it. I know. No the baby Jesus in Texas. We are
And somebody's closet
And when you look like that and where those sandals are today give away every time
Here's the facts from Bill and Ford Lauderdale who says
Speaking of the infomercial crap my mother is the female version of Inspector Gadget
Electronics computer equipment and especially toys for the kitchen if it's hot down the air she's got it
So for Thanksgiving our turkey was cooked in not other than the Ron Popeel Showtime rotisserie
It was juicy succulent delicious not too dry and the turkey was great too
This bill and you like that
Nice going there Ron Popeel. Where's my cut? Where's my slice sweetheart
It says and by the way, which you bought the bigger and new improved George Foreman meanly and grill a machine
Guess who got the old original one? It says yep. I'd be cooking up some mean vitals now nigga says Bill
Bill in Ford Lauderdale nice going there Bill
Yeah
I was speaking of infomercials anybody try that
Inform a system one of the Garvey and that broad pedal you know the one I'm talking about you never saw that the diet that phony diet
No, I definitely don't watch the diet one would there with the two bottles no
The the one is the fat burner and the other one is exercise in a bottle
Try to exercise in a bottle man. It's a bitch trying to fight your way out getting in ain't so easy either
Yeah, and they must be selling millions of these
Pills because the people are buying this crap
exercise in a bottle
And the fat burn and the labels are like real cheesy looking, you know kind of like Steve Garvey
And people are buying that crap and you want to know why because it's on television god damn it
Okay, I got a great thing for you if you got some pain in the ass company that you want to get rid of real quick
If there's a cigar smoker in the house great great gimmick
When you're through smoking your cigar like ever smoke a cigar while you're sitting on the throne
Sure, of course, I'll share two problems there you go exactly you're smoking on one end on the other end too
So I have to let him match after when you're finished with the cigar even if you're not done with it
In fact preferably maybe there's quite a lot of it left you throw it in the uh in a bowl. No, yeah, good none after your flush
You put this here or maybe you don't flush it. No, I perfectly put the thing after your flush
And you leave the cigar in there and it looks like you turn yeah
And of course the longer it sits in there kind of like it never disintegrates one great thing about a well-made cigar like our friends
Next that's coming up in a second here. It stays in there like forever
And the longer it stays in there it starts leaving a brown trail. Yeah
And it starts looking like the real thing so like if you go to a public restroom somewhere like at the airport
Just let up an ice doggy take a few plus while you're sitting there kind of plating life
And then just drop it right in your crapper baby
The next person comes along. I'll take a look and say oh, I don't think so
Especially like after eating in one of those little joints to have any reports especially here
It's 11 before one at five sixty WQM speaking of a great cigar inner outside of the toilet
Now there's nothing wrong with sitting on the throw and having ice
Smoke what's wrong with that
Man and of course the cigar smoke covers up that aroma. So you say, uh, you know the next person that walks in says man
Somebody was smoking a great cigar in here as opposed to man somebody took a really wicked dump in this place
Yeah, and see that gator me
Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan
Finally
So
On your next slide, I want you to die today.
I'm robbing down a robbing down a robbing down a robbing down a
And I'm not in doubt of me.
I'm robbing down a robbing down a robbing down a
I find up right this week with no free gun for you tonight.
Bow, bow, bow, robbing down.
Robbing down.
Robbing down.
Robbing down.
Bow, bow, bow.
I want you together, break down a robbing down a robbing down a
I look at me from the budget street.
I look to robbing down a robbing down a robbing down.
I'm robbing down a robbing down a robbing down a robbing down,
Robbing down a robbing down a robbing down
It's a 6 to 1 at 5.60 WDQAM.
Here's another fact from Patrick.
Chronic Patrick, but nevertheless, it's fairly amusing.
It says, okay, if you do give me the computer, I'll be able to pick it up and tend to go
trade it for a pair of tickets at the 273 Amico.
No.
Sorry, sweetheart.
Sorry, Patrick, but you lose.
Here's an excellent point.
Here's one of the great factors of all time, and it's the epitome of what this place
is all about.
It says, you asked the listeners for a score on a game, and this is a sports station.
Is this the American F&W?
Excellent, excellent, excellent point.
And this is the same person, by the way, has to fax me the box score, not just the score,
but the box score from last night's Venus of Kioats and L.A. King's Game.
Over time, Venus 3 L.A.2.
As the anxious Jeremy Redneck scores the winning goal assisted by Adams and Yurkee Lumay,
while I love saying that, in overtime, at 318, over time, to be exact.
Venus 3 L.A.2.
Well, those kings, they're really doing it, huh?
No.
They got off to a great start in their past diving.
You know, just before you went out to take a big dump or whatever you do, which I'm assuming
is correct.
Oh, yeah.
I could see that looking your eyes.
But that doesn't either.
Just before the...
I was thinking about, because we were playing one of those spots by Tommy, where it sounds
like he's in the thin can.
And I was thinking of those early days downstairs here at QAIM.
When we'd be sitting there during the commercial breaks and listening to these old, worn-out
carts with the pads, they were like worn out five years ago.
Oh, go go go go go go go go.
Those spots are the ones that would be like really overmodulated and distorted.
Like the promo is the Josh Friedman.
Nice going, you fat slob.
And George is right about you, OK Josh?
Even if you don't smell this week.
Now, I think he'd bade for the holidays.
But nevertheless, and I'm thinking back to that period of time.
And it's like these people must have thought, what's wrong with these guys?
Are they trouble makers?
Making trouble here?
We've been doing business this way for years.
And all of a sudden they're complaining just because we don't care what the spots
sound like.
And then I remember Greg coming down there.
Oh, yeah, we're getting the audio vault.
Yeah, we're getting the audio vault.
And then we did get the audio vault.
And how many months did it sit around somewhere where they used it at power or kids or something?
It's at in a box somewhere for months and months and months.
He should be an evolved him into one of these.
They should all be in a big, jaguitic vault.
I already told $200 for this book.
And understand, I'm sure I know.
Come on, don't go to the road, though.
You can understand if they're saying great deal or great meal or get a feel.
You can understand what the way was saying.
Oh my god, we got a couple of real trouble makers on our hands now.
This isn't the way we do business around it.
And then he's on the air talking about the fact we don't pay our bills.
We'll pay our bills, whatever way.
Oh, by the way, do you get your bonus inquiry?
You know, I don't know.
What do you mean by that?
I haven't got my stuff and I haven't looked at my bank account.
You haven't got your, I did all my shopping and the,
don't paying ahead of time.
Haven't been doing honor machine.
I just kind of assume that it's there.
Why do you better go now and take a look at your honor machine?
Because they're lined up.
They're going to be, they showed on the news last night.
There's nobody online in any of those damn, uh, UTMs.
You see the psychology didn't work boys and girls,
they tried to get everybody into a panic.
Everybody running outside screaming of skies falling,
chicken little yada yada yada.
Did it work?
No.
Once again, I think I'm finally getting the,
uh, message here, the media is finally starting to lose their grasp.
They're losing their grip.
Just like this thing, they're trying to perpetuate about the spiritual revolution
and America is ready for this and young people are all seeking a good job.
God and spirituality.
And then they come up with that thing.
54% of Americans say religion plays an important part of that.
That's just barely more than half.
And you know a whole bunch of them were lying.
Oh, yeah.
Just like the 79% who said they have no doubt that there's a God.
Of course, 45% of them were talking about.
Yeah.
So that only leaves 34%.
So getting back to that question, do you like your mother now,
leaving George out of it?
That that's the kind of question that is that you have any doubt that there's a
God? Well, and by the way, they now got six new planets.
Did you see that?
Oh, excellent.
Yeah, six new planets, the size of Jupiter and Uranus.
And the best part of it is they all have moons.
Good.
And they have water and they have life probably far more intelligent than
will ever be.
Oh, my, how could you say that?
Next thing you're going to say that we're like a bunch of ants crawling around
on the ground.
Oh, huh.
I think that's a tremendous analogy.
Well, I were like ants, and especially in American Al.
Why do you step down another one?
Hot grotesque.
Get the bugs break.
Oh, sorry.
How's Phil doing, by the way?
Anybody in this audit?
Let's put out an all points alert for Phil the bug man.
Anybody in South Florida seen Phil the bug man in the last three months?
No.
Our good close personal friend.
What's the name of his joint of his business?
Do we know?
Oh, I know.
We just never said that on the air before he did.
Why not?
Oh, then we don't better not say it on the air.
You know, Phil from bug killers.
No, nobody seen him.
So what do we do now?
It's the law of the two hours.
It's the law of the two hours.
Justin, time for the holidays.
The most unusual Christmas album ever.
All grow wind-free verbs to Christmas classics.
Listen to Oprah.
Pass gas at Christmas Mass.
All grow wind-free verbs to Christmas classics.
Available in the praises that she had wrote.
You know something that's one of the scariest things I've ever seen.
I was reading in the one of the papers over the weekend.
One of the ones that got delivered so much have been the heralds about this Oprah bitch
and how she's raised up the ratings over there.
Thank you very much Adam.
There's a check for someone from our good friend Adam.
I'm assuming.
Yes it is.
The ratings have skyrocketed for Channel 4 and really put them on the map.
And even their five o'clock news is on the map because it follows that bitch at four o'clock.
What is that all about?
Can anybody explain that to me besides the fact that there's millions and millions of really stupid women out there in America?
Who follow that bone nose bitch right down to a garden path?
If she said go to the edge of a cliff and jump, there'll be 20 million people jumping right behind her fat ass.
And then she'd back her ass out of there and say no guess what?
I ate some meat this week.
I better stick around and get to forgiven.
Scary.
Scary.
And you wonder about the Nazis?
In fact, I see a parallel between Hitler and Oprah.
She's a female without the mustache.
And of course you ever see her lately?
She might as well have one.
Here's a fact that's from Joe G are new Italian friend.
Now that mean real Italian or maybe a guido.
We'll find out.
Says great show Friday and they sent five CDs.
I've sent to Italy, Belgium, New York and Holland.
And my friends all love the CD.
I friend in Italy said you should have someone help you put the CD together in other languages.
How do you like that?
You have enough trouble getting it put together in English.
Did I mention that we're like $12,000 short of 100,000% or one?
Are we able to go to week to go and don't look too good?
Did I mention that?
Of course that doesn't count to 2500 from the golf tournament that we still haven't accounted for.
You know what?
You know this week that's going to be one of my projects these next three days.
In fact maybe you want to call.
Not right now but after the show after you call Eric.
Talk to our good close friend Carol that's in a one.
And find out if they ever got any check from this radio station for that OJ golf tournament.
Because if they didn't, you know what it sounds like to me?
Well I don't want to say it on here.
Sounds like a real good suit to me.
Anyway it says I had a great time as well as my friends listening to the CD I wanted to tell you your cheap boss to get off his lazy ass and take care of you before I take you or him.
And please don't want to hear any more bull crap I'm telling you about the Cubans, Danny and Jimmy and Jimmy and Danny etc.
So I'm screw the rest of those losers.
Nice going Eric, OJ.
Good guy.
A little emotional like all those other Italians.
And then somebody faxes me a letter to the editor from this morning sunsendle.
Which of course I didn't see the sunsendle.
Did I mention by the way I didn't get the sunsendle for the third day in a row today.
I've only been subscribing to it in plantation for 10 freaking years.
And of course I could do the easy thing and pick it up in the phone and call them and say they're going to my paper and I'll have one there by 8 AM or whatever.
But that's too easy.
It's so fun.
Then you can't come on here and bitch about it.
Or it's big and a bitching about it by the way that reminds me.
Everywhere you go in life there's always at least one.
Hopefully only one real sour push.
Hockey games.
There is a guy that sits behind me.
I don't know what his name is.
That before I get to him.
So last week I mentioned the fact that Monday night the Leafs played the Panthers.
And I'm like, I'm I Leafs Jacket and I'm rooting for Toronto.
They win 6 to 4.
Was it tremendous game?
They score 6 goals.
I'm up 6 times screaming and cheering.
And some of the assholes who sit in front of me are turning around like,
gee, what are you cheering for?
Neal, what are you rooting for Toronto for?
Here I'm wearing my Maple Leafs jacket that I've been wearing to every game in the world.
I've been in that arena these last two years, which evidently they're not too observant.
So when did I bet horrible game against Atlanta, which I think gave them the courage to start playing pretty good,
that game against the Attrasher's?
So the doctor who sits in several seats to my left, a bald headed doctor with a glasses,
whose wife is very nice, at least used to be, but now she won't speak to me.
I'm sure.
But anyway, he walks by me at the end of the period.
It looks at the jacket and says, evidently, he heard it or somebody told him about it.
He says, oh, you're going to have to do something about that jacket Neal.
And walked away.
And I thought to myself, yeah, like maybe get it dry cleaned before the next game, Jackass.
How do you like that?
I'm going to have to do something about that jacket.
Mr. Hockey Maven, Mr. Expert, who quite frankly goes there mostly this moves.
The people who sit in front of me when he accepted my friend Phil Salphman,
those are Phil's buddies, by the way, in a scene in front of me.
He finally showed up for a game to Toronto game.
Great game. Nice going there, Phil.
The only time I've ever seen him there.
Those are his buddies, his seats.
Still, I'll be a Phil and spider those people, okay?
I'm going to have to do something about that jacket.
No. No.
I'm not going to do anything about the jacket except to be good dry cleaned.
I'm going to continue wearing the jacket.
No.
In fact, if I want to come on any jacket on, I'll wear whatever jacket I like, how do you like that?
This guy wouldn't know I may believe from a goddamn fig tree, okay?
Doctor.
So anyway, there's a guy, a big, heavy, set, older guy.
I mean, just look at him.
He's got always got a real scowl on his face, you know?
And he's there almost every game.
They're a big, big fat scowling guy who sits in the back row behind me a few seats down.
Not a pleasant guy, even though he does say hello to me, but you know, stay away from me, okay?
You're obnoxious.
So now the New Deal is like it used to be in the old Miami arena.
We had this group including, should I say Andy?
Remember Dead Andy?
Huh?
He's dead.
Sorry, Andy.
Too many.
How many beers, baby?
30, was he 36?
He's dead.
Yeah, dead.
But anyway, Andy and Adam and some other, I forget the guy's name with a glasses and was kind of a nerd.
But anyway, they used to sit over there with us and they're all, and every time people are leaving, like early before the game end,
oh thanks for coming, real sarcastic.
Thanks for coming.
Like, what is that all about?
If I want to leave whatever to hell, I don't have to answer to those people.
Either I paid for the ticket or somebody else paid for them.
I got my own guy then ticket.
I'll leave whatever to hell I want to leave.
So now this guy, when people are leaving early, I guess the ones that we had the overtime coming up, people didn't want to stay for it or they left the little before the end of the regulation.
And this guy shouts, oh, games over, huh?
Games over, still games to on.
And he's yelling at these people who are leaving.
And they should turn around and say to him the same thing that Pavel Burrey should be saying to all you idiot reporter types,
every time they ask another stupid question about Anna Cornholy, and that is Nanya, not Anna, Nanya, Nanya God damn business.
I wish you could see this guy, you're looking at him and you just, you start thinking about suicide when you look at this guy.
He makes vocal Brian seem like the happiness queen.
I'm serious.
This guy is such a sour, but kind of scowl.
What is he even doing there, you know?
Got a nasty rotten look.
I'm going to do the best I can to make sure nobody has a good time. That's his mentality.
Well guess what, Pavel?
Be okay.
I have a good time. That's because I never turn around.
That's because I don't want to say.
And after there's all bad people sitting in a row behind me, there's some of them are nice people.
I'm sure, including my skin doctor.
And by the way, you see my neck, it's supposed to be the same.
But he's a good guy.
My dermatologist guy, he's a good guy.
He's a good Italian boy, goes to Italy, all good Jewish boy that goes to Italy.
Whatever his name is.
Whatever the hell he is.
But this one big, somebody out there probably knows who this is.
Faculty of the information, okay?
We'll put his name on here.
This sour pus.
So anyway, some brought some of them nice ladies, Stacey of something or other,
case on as in the case on is growing along.
Has a long letter of the Sun settled.
They're some religious crap.
That goes on.
And somebody faxed it to me.
It says, please, please see if you can tell your listening audience what the hell this woman is talking about.
It's people like her that make this world scary.
Can you say brainwashed?
It says, love the show, keep it colorless.
Everybody I talk to with the hockey game, I spoke to 72,000 people over the holiday weekend.
They all said screw the colors is what they said.
Air me single one of them.
Air me one of them.
Oh, can I call any of the a douchebag?
Can I call Bobby a douchebag?
Can I give a shout out to a...
Shout out the window, okay?
Go shout out to Howard Beal.
We don't want no shout out.
Let's get out.
Go away.
So anyway, doing good work simply is enough.
And she's got all these biblical quotes which I wouldn't even begin to waste your time with this crap.
Because I still have to talk about John Rocker and Michael Mayer who's still not material from Friday.
And also, even Mike, what's his name, the guy Mike and the mad dog from a fan they have on Mike...
Mike Jesus Christ, I can't believe I, his name has escaped me.
You know what I'm talking about, not?
Poor George, so that anything that even smells,
or sports, he's lost, you know?
Probably.
Now what would the house, his name, Mike?
I know it is some Italian boy, because I know his name as well as I know my own name.
Mike Langella, Mike God, damn it.
They got his last name?
He did a great piece yesterday on his pre-NFL game when he does his stuff.
He was talking about the John Rocker thing.
Did he agree?
It was right on target.
Come on, what's the guy's name?
Mike from Mike and the mad dog on a fan.
Mike, what?
Let's go, you idiots out there.
What is it?
Jesus Christ.
You got it?
Francisco, Mike Francesca.
Francesca, that's not it, it's Francesca.
Jesus Christ, all they were close.
Oh, I got three different pronunciations.
Francesca, Francesca, Francesca, Che Italian, okay?
Mike Francesca, he did a great thing which echoed my sentiments.
I'm not saying I'm sure he didn't steal it for me.
I like Michael Mayo who did.
Stole Ed Verbaton, which I'll get to his column momentarily.
Nine minutes after one at 560 WQM set.
America loves to watch boobs and butts and boinking.
One, two, three.
I made it through college and average to see.
I have a lot of money, but not much of a brain.
I can't believe voters who were just this lame.
But I could say one thing that you came.
My daddy is an ex-president.
I got money, power, and nothing to lose.
I can do anything I choose.
A little bit of cash is all I need.
Is satisfy my ego and my greed.
Minimum related marketing is all I use.
The carter votes for more around just like you.
That's the school in the front of the lab.
I don't think I'll have that bad.
Remember to vote for George Bush and those of you who don't.
You can kiss my touch.
You see what matters to me about the presidency.
Is that it makes a nice conversation, please?
I'm the king of denial, too.
I have no problem lying to you.
So why is it so important for you to know whether or not I did blow.
A little bit of cocaine up my nose.
A little bit of tooth.
A little blow.
When I'm elected out, put it in.
And all that.
When I put it up the consensory, it didn't come.
What's 13?
It's 560 WDQM.
3,000 errors found at VA Hospital.
Let's hear it.
See, if all those doctors out there were more worried about taking care of their patients instead of what jacket I'm wearing at the hockey game.
Then we wouldn't have so many mistakes, so many people dying, you know what I'm saying?
Federal investigators have documented almost 3,000 medical mistakes and mishaps in less than two years at veterans hospitals around the country.
This is just at VA hospitals.
And more than 700 patients have died in those cases.
They died.
They died.
The Department of Veterans Affairs says in a report.
By the way, see the thing on 60 minutes last night about the Gulf War and about that the new Agent Orange stuff.
The UU.
Do you see it?
I see pleaded uranium.
The accident's in death occurred from June 1997 to December 1998.
In the first 19 months of a new policy, the Recrease Employees Report Medical Errors and Adverse Events.
Oh, there's a, I love that expression. Adverse Events.
Oh, we just caught off his penis.
Oh, that's another adverse event.
Since then, the Department's been getting such reports that are rated more than 200 a month.
The problems include medication errors, faulty medical devices, abuse of patients, errors in blood transfusions, improper surgery, improper insertion of catheters or feeding tubes, and therapeutic...
Oh, wait until you hear this one.
There are therapeutic misadventures that cause serious injuries or death.
There are therapeutic misadventures.
And now the therapeutic misadventures of Huck Finn.
Oh my God.
That, I'm saving this.
That is the greatest, they've always got, you know, like Iatrogenic diseases, which means, you know, the Dr. Kilda or the hospital Kilda.
Wouldn't that be a great movie therapeutic misadventures with George H. Scott?
Bring it back. Come on, one more movie George.
He ain't feeling too good, but he's coming back.
So anyway, now we get to the PS to resist on to whatever it means, the piece of crap.
And here is, speaking of piece of crap, here's Michael May.
Oh!
In a Sun Sentinel.
Well, this must have been Fridays because I got this paper.
And this, no, it couldn't have been Friday.
Oh, and that's right, I went out and bought it.
Excuse me, I went out and actually bought it with my own.
So in other words, that was double dip in.
I had a bait twice for the Sun Sentinel, which today I just said screw it.
It's not worth it.
Punishment okay for brown, but not for rocker.
And this, this part about John Rocker.
I'm probably the first person in America.
Maybe Mike Francisca got wind of it because of somebody heard my show in the internet.
I'll take all the credit for it, in this case.
Because naturally, once again, the media, they want to tell you how you're supposed to be indignant and very outraged.
It's about certain things.
Like I said, all the kids getting killed in school, all these people getting blown away here in town.
And I'm not going to get to upset about that.
Don't have fringe on those gun lovers rights.
But if somebody says something, like when Jesse Ventura opened up a mouth and said the truth,
right away everybody turned on him like a cornered rat.
When he said religion was a crutch for weak-minded people, right on target, baby.
Right on, sweetheart.
Never could have said it better myself.
And his approval rating went in the toilet with that cigar.
That's right.
Because this is America where you have an awful lot of emotional cripples out there who can't handle the truth.
So Michael Mayo writes, you know, Mike Mayo, I'm not hoping to hold my breath anymore than I'm waiting for that apology today of Halberstand that you absolutely did.
Anybody see that over the holidays in the Suns' Hall?
Maybe it's in there today.
And the one day out of here that I don't get the paper, maybe today is that it might Mayo apologize today of Halberstand.
Oh!
Oh!
He hit it!
Oh, my baby did it!
He did it!
He did it!
Oh!
Anyway.
So I'm waiting for all these sports nerds at the, both newspapers to admit that they are stealing half of their material or maybe more than that for me.
So many days have gone home, picked up the newspaper the next morning, and seeing that column that was like verbatim what I said on the air that 84.
It says Orlando Brown is suspended indefinitely from the NFL even as he sits in a hospital with blurred vision because he retaliated while he's out now, by the way, because he retaliated against the referee who threw a beaded penalty flag into his right eye.
Meanwhile, Major League Baseball has done nothing in response to the unprovoked ignorant hate-filled comments made by Atlanta Braves relief pitcher John Rocker.
If something wrong with his picture, maybe, but then again, maybe not, says the very definitive Michael Mayo.
First, the Brown case.
Brown is the Cleveland Browns offensive lineman who got paid the NEI Sunday by referee Jeff Triplett.
Brown, 60, 7, and 350 pounds, respotted by shoving the 200 pound Triplett to the ground with both hands.
Enraged in in pain, Brown had to be restrained by teammates before leaving the field.
Brown was ejected and promptly vilified as a perpetrator of the worst sports assault since LaTrell-Sprewell, a train.
The NFL invoking the sanctity and law in order of its officials suspended Brown for the remainder of the season and possibly part of the next Commissioner Paul Taglia-Boo had scheduled a hearing with Brown in February.
Certainly Brown deserves to be disciplined for his loss of control, but the overall question, what about Triplett?
Doesn't he deserve some sort of sanction for damaging a player's eyesight?
No.
He'll be back to work this week as if nothing had happened.
No.
Triplett and the NFL were quick to say it was an accident, but if the accident that shouldn't have happened, nobody knew that three-ounce flags could be such weapons.
But if officials didn't hold them like darts and players, nobody would get hurt.
Oh, come on Michael, this part of the article is a joke.
Yeah, let's punish- let's punish the referee because the flag accidentally hit this big sports in the eye, okay?
You idiot.
Let's forget about this part.
Now, let's get to John Rocker, okay?
It says, as for Rocker, he did something hard to imagine this week.
He made the Atlanta Braves miss Mark Woolers, because his baddest Woolers pitched when he suddenly and mysteriously couldn't find the plate.
He never lost control like this.
Rocker revealed himself to be a bigot, homophobic, and xenophobic and comments published by sports-elestrated, and embarrassment to his team, his sport, and his species.
He said he'd never play in the earth because he didn't want to ride a subway train next to some queer with AIDS.
He said, I'm not a very big fan of foreigners.
How the hell did they get in this country? He called a black teammate a fat monkey.
He disparaged the driving ability of Asian women.
A day after the article appeared, Rocker attempted damage control with a ghost-written apology, saying he got carried away by a competitive zeal against meth fans like that explains it.
Now the predictable backlash has begun.
Fire him, suspended, reprimanded in the course of the publicly-correct shout, but painful as it is to say, here's what should happen to Rocker, nothing.
There you go, Mike.
If you're right enough crap, sooner or later, it starts making sense.
It shouldn't be baseball's place to take action against the player for comments made to a reporter.
It's called free speech, and even though the First Amendment only applies to matters involving individuals in the government, private employers can regulate employees anywhere they see fit.
This really isn't baseball's business.
If Rocker hurled racial epithets at fans during a game, then it would be.
Baseball has said, Brad, a bad president in the series, suspending March shot for offensive comments he made when she was red-zoner, and Al Campanus ended up paying with his job as Dodger General Manager.
When he said on national television, that blacks lacked the necessities to be managers of executives.
But those were people in leadership positions who should have known better.
Rocker is just a red-neck lung-head who can throw 98 miles an hour.
And now we lack delivery precautions of his remarks.
This will be the best punishment.
Imagine the icy reception from all his foreign-born teammates when he arrives at spring training.
Imagine his next appearance at Chase Stadium.
Who needs fines and suspensions when just desserts like these await?
There you go, Mike Mayo.
The first half of the article is ridiculous.
But the second I have stolen directly from what I said on Friday.
Just like Michael Corleone told the senator from Nevada, my offer senator is this.
Nothing.
And that's what the punishment should be.
Nothing.
Punishment.
See, is there some kind of a law that says you have to be a tolerant and you have to be like a reasonable person like everybody?
Is there such a law?
No.
No.
Even if you're a stupid baseball player.
No.
And there has been, they had whole programs devoted to this.
That talkback show, that awful goddamn show on CNN.
A whole hour devoted and they had, as he Smith was on there and some other stick ball player and a couple of sparks is on it.
All acting and diggin' and outrating Hank Aaron's all been out of shape.
They didn't like what he said.
A lot of people don't like what I say every day.
I suppose to be suspended.
No.
You've been punished.
Punished?
No.
What a joke.
What a frickin' joke.
And this goes back to this bull crap politically correct the, correct garbage that America is all about now.
And you have these people in the media telling you, what's right and what's wrong?
Or you can't say that, well, why the hell not?
Those are his opinions.
Maybe I didn't like some of them.
Maybe I was offended by some.
Maybe not.
And so we called a black teammate of fat, what do you call him?
A fat monkey.
Yeah.
How about a fat baboon?
A fat gerrilla.
A big fat tub of crap.
How about that?
And what does that mean, a fat monkey?
Anyway, when we came right down, it was like Elven Gerard and Howard Cossel and a little monkey.
Howard Cossel, who was one of the great humanitarian who made Muhammad Ali what he is today.
Back when he was still Cossel's clay.
Made him what he is today.
And a little slip of the tongue and right away he was into it.
And you know, it's really ironic that my, it's just dawned on me, you know.
That of all people, Michael Mayo is the one who's writing this.
Dave Halberstam was he in some position of authority with the Miami Heat?
No.
Was he in management on the radio station that he was on?
No.
A little slip of the tongue, a little feeble-attempted humor, whatever the hell it was.
And right off the bat.
Got a fire his ass writes Michael Mayo.
There's one way to remedy this and make sure that he never says it again.
Fire his ass was the message from Michael Mayo, who called this show.
I'll say it again.
A year and a half ago, promised to apologize to Dave Halberstam.
Retracted what he said.
But did he ever retract it in the newspaper?
No.
Did he ever have the big balls to put it in print?
Say he was wrong.
No.
Even after the guy got fired.
See, now it would look really bad.
Because now if he put an apology in there, it would look like he had something to do with his getting canned.
And maybe he did.
See, then you start, this guilt trip starts overtaking you.
It's kind of like Dave Lamont, you know.
Feeling the guilty about Sonny, about putting the last nails in Sonny Hirsch before he died.
Not telling him, you know, can you imagine the stress and the angst that Sonny had to go through?
Not knowing he is the job yours is it not yours?
And to meantime, all these people knew for months.
Including his close personal friend and coworker there, Dave Lamont.
Excuse me for farting so much in the ballgame.
Who's the good guy like him?
But in this case, he was dead wrong.
Oh, sorry Sonny, I shouldn't have said. He was wrong.
That was bad.
And here you are, Michael Mayo.
Talk about calling the, a pot calling the kettle black.
John Rocker can express these things.
And then his response would be, yeah, but Halberstam was not doing an interview.
He was doing it on the air during the heat game.
So a man who doesn't have a racist bone in his body, Dave Halberstam.
And this was the first guy to call for his ass in print.
In fact, I think it was the only guy that he should have been canned.
Not suspended, not fine.
Should have been fired to make sure he didn't say it again.
And you're still in spite of this.
Grawlty's wonderful words that you stole from my show on Friday, Michael, hold the mayo.
You still don't have the balls like a real man to put it in print that you were wrong.
How can you respect the people I write in this town when I write such crap, when I write such kaka?
And you know something? That's why they're in this town.
That's why most people are in this town because they're mediocre.
Well, what about you, Neil? There you go. Like I said.
I'll just take my mediocre salary and try to scrape by with it.
26th after 1 a.k.a.
And choose a call as...
Oh!
This giving is a wonderful time of togetherness.
But some of us are shut out of Thanksgiving.
I refuse to eat a turkey that died before it's time.
Now you don't have to. Thanks to Kaborkian turkey farm.
Kaborkian? That's the name I've heard before?
That's right. At Kaborkian farms, every turkey we sell is seriously ill before it ends up on your dinner table.
Is that a good thing?
Sure. Logic tells you that sick turkeys are effective and less exercise means more tenderness.
Well, that sounds good, but aren't you still whacking them before they're turned on?
No. At Kaborkian farms, each turkey makes its own decision about when and how to go.
Then and only then, our trained Turkicite counselors step in to make sure that all goes smooth.
Yeah, okay. Arches keep a little turkey foot on the gas pedal and relax.
I'm so... and I'm hungry.
Kaborkian turkey farms where a death is just the beginning of a great Thanksgiving dinner.
One by the way, you know, they're not showing that MTV yet.
MTV of the Antichrist, okay, don't forget a separate time green turn off MTV.
Are they playing blue and blue?
Oh, no. Why not? This is much music.
Let me tell you right now, much music plays more good music in 15 minutes than MTV will play in the entire next year.
In the entire next millennium, whenever the hell that starts.
That's the truth.
See, I don't know about you, but if I want to see a music video station, guess what?
This is revolutionary for Ginny. I know that, but I want to see music videos.
Yeah. It's like if I'm watching a polka station, I want to hear polkas.
Ah, what a concept.
If I'm listening to a talk station, I want to hear a phone call. Oh, I'm sorry.
Here's the facts from Gary Thomas who says I got a new service. Are you going to hear a phone call?
No. No. Too bad.
I got a new service on my phone line. This could be the answer to my prayers. I hope.
I don't want to get the... oh, somebody was telling me about the... what do they call it?
The Roadrunner. Remember the day that the guy from the cable company called at Sparzer?
It was going to put the roadrunner. Am I a schmucker? What? Am I a schmucker? Yes.
Because somebody was telling me over the weekend that the roadrunner cuts down your time.
There you get on the internet like in two seconds and everything is done in the heartbeat.
Phenomenal. I may actually have to break down and call the cable people and say, I want to God-Dame Roadrunner.
But anyway, here's another service that might be very valuable for me and a lot of other people.
Last Tuesday, the day that we had the Hurricane Digible on the Earth instead of the show,
Greg Reed washing the socks.
Swam at home all day, which is a very good thing for me on a weekday.
And other than a couple of quick trips to the store that was it, I was home all day.
If I could tell you, if I had a million dollars for every time the phone rang that day, I could buy this place.
Will these solicitation calls on and on and on?
It says, I got a new service on my phone line in Home You Might Like.
It's called Privacy Detector or Director and it blocks sales calls.
The way it works and you have to have call waiting, which I do.
Is any income and calls that have unavailable or anonymous phone numbers are intercepted before your phone can rang?
That's it. That's no good.
Because like when American Express Travel calls, it's the same thing.
That's the only reason I picked those things up.
Because I might actually be somebody I want to talk to.
Oh, I see. The call then has to leave a message for you if they don't your phone never rings.
If they do your phone rings and place the message for you.
At this point, you can choose to accept a call or dump them.
He says, I sent up for this about two months ago.
And the number of solicitation calls I get now and I was getting a ton before is practically zero.
Gary Thomas, that's the year we'll have to look at it. That's called the Privacy Director.
Do you get a lot of those?
Oh, yeah. All of a sudden.
Oh, God.
Eight o'clock, nine o'clock at night on the weekend, eight thirty in the morning.
Hello, Mr. Span, Rick, this is from first card.
This is a... Oh, God.
I tell all the stale, talk thirty to me. I might buy something.
But you know something? One of the techniques I got now because my real last name is 600 letters and nobody can pronounce it.
So because these things are all like on a rotary and they just dial automatically.
So they have the name that goes to the number.
And most of the time they panic.
So sometimes you'll see, you know, you'll look at your caller ID and it'll say unknown, et cetera.
And you'll punch up the answer. You say, hello.
And there's like a long, long pause. Click.
I just hang it up.
Or else they'll say, hello, Mr. Click.
Yeah.
Goodbye. Goodbye.
Here's Brian and Boynton B2Fact. He says, if the caller is what he says.
Granted, it was always fun to hear you rip the callers and you ask every day.
But the show now in my opinion is fantastic. There you go. Brian and Boynton B2F is happy.
I saw it sweetheart.
All those years, in fact, I remember very specifically. It was several weeks ago, some Jack asked for us.
Very sarcastic. Well, Neil, what in your opinion makes you a good call?
And my answer was, and I think very aproposive, when I get one, I'll let you know.
Have we gotten one yet?
No.
No.
We're still waiting, OK, pal?
When we get a great call, I'll let you know. I mean, you know, what do we get?
Five, six a year that are really outstanding. And then of course, the voicemail, which we can play anytime,
which I played them all on Friday, by the way, back to back.
That was a great segment, Neil.
Thank you.
Magazine honors Einstein. I don't like this.
What you're raising your eyebrows, you think that he's the man of the century?
Oh, I don't know about that. Is that what the deal is?
Time magazine.
I thought it was supposed to be a Gutenberg.
Oh, and then did you see who the time magazine picked as the man of the year?
No.
I don't even know his name.
The guy from the founder of Amazon.com.
Oh, that chap?
Not a chap.
I thought it was some Hawaiian chap or something.
Now, why now he's not a Hawaiian guy?
But it makes no difference what he is.
But I'm thinking of Yahoo.
What is that?
He is a Yahoo, as a matter of fact.
But what is that?
The founder of Amazon.com.
So in other words, the message to America is, here is a guy who started a little company,
whose whole thing is based by the way.
Which one is the one that they got profits?
I'm trying to think of which one of these.
No, seriously, one of the companies is showing profits.
Most of them don't.
Most of them it's all fantasy.
Right. No, Amazon does.
They do?
Yes.
Maybe that's why they like him.
Because it's not always synthetic as most of the other these IPOs.
But at any rate, so here's the man of the year.
So in other words, if you make a lot of money, then that makes you a big shot.
Then you're the man of the year.
Is he the most important man in America this year?
No.
Absolutely positively not.
Not even close.
Not even close.
Think of the notorious people.
Even Ken Star as grotesque and disgusting as I found him.
He had a greater impact, didn't he?
What would you have said that for last year?
He was mostly last year, I guess.
But there had to be a list of what?
6,000 people?
How about Ricky Martin, huh?
That's the good news.
This is the next millennium or least so they're calling it.
Goodbye Ricky Martin.
It was a song for Boka Brian by the way.
Goodbye Ricky baby.
Oh, get rid of him.
Send it back to his boyfriend and the word is bottoms up.
Get him out of here.
That's the good news.
This big Latin music thing.
I told you that.
Did I tell you?
Laptard for about 30 seconds.
With all due respect to my post-personal friend in Mika.
Who was looking real good on it.
London, the concert I told you was on much music on Saturday.
Lipsinking of course like West Life and all the other groups did.
So you show me people who Lipsink.
Unlike 98 degrees.
If you have anyone to get started on them again.
Magazine honors Einstein, scientist, tops list of the century.
Describing him as a locksmith of mysteries from the atom of the universe.
Time Magazine on Sunday named Albert Einstein, the person of the century.
When we look back at 100 years, we'll remember the fight for freedom and the fight for civil rights.
But above all, we're going to realize how science and technology changed our world.
Let me ask you this.
Did as much as, again, an anti-Semite in the back that Henry Ford.
Right.
Don't you think he changed their lives more than Albert Einstein?
He liked Whitney.
That was the previous century.
Oh, this is this century.
Get one that Mr. History.
Ben Franklin.
I'm sorry.
George Washington.
Carver.
Jones.
Well, as serious, I mean, Henry Ford right off the bat.
There's one that even closed Edison.
And all Edison started previous.
But most of his inventions were the century.
What about that light bulb?
The all important one.
But they're the changed format.
22 till 2 at 5.60.
QM and get in.
Say, sh**.
I didn't say sh**.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I come to break my pockets.
I couldn't help , since then.
I hope you do support me.
I hope you do support me.
I hope you do support me.
I hope you do support me.
I told him to get the orders and I told him to throw the boat.
I told him to get a message and I told him to throw the boat.
I wanted to say that all that told him to have a dime.
And then he just made a bed and he just made a multi-line.
I told him on it, I told him everything.
I told him to laugh and then I told him to cry.
That's four or eight thousand hours old and I had so many things to say.
If I'm not good and he goes into half of the whole parade.
145 and 560 W.
We were reading this thing about Einstein again and makes me convinced even more than I was before.
This was a bad boy's time magazine.
It says Einstein was partly responsible for President Roosevelt's decision to pursue making an atomic bomb.
He wrote to Roosevelt in 1939 morning that Germany could be repeating American experiments with uranium and suggesting that those experiments could produce a powerful bomb.
He later said, if I had only known I would have been a locksmith.
How do you like that? If he only would have known what it led to.
How do you like those apples?
Ronners up by the way were Franklin Roosevelt and Mahat Magandis.
No, not Mahat Magandis.
I mean, you know, anybody can sit around dressed like that.
What do you ever do for us?
And I need for a long time.
I mean, was Einstein even close to Roosevelt and the impact that he had on the century?
No.
For one for Einstein we wouldn't have been able to nuke the chats though.
Yeah, but we see that this is inane because we didn't win.
We won the war against Germany without bombs, without the nuclear weapons.
Right.
I was making a joke.
Yeah.
I just don't know you weren't.
You don't like that old nuclear thing to get.
Don't pretend that you like the chats.
Now I don't try to cover up.
Yeah.
Fine, that's not the nuclear one.
It's like you got to celebrate some rotes coming before the show last week and then I kept threatening I was going to say it on here, but nevertheless, it wasn't enough to get on.
Don't bitter about that Nen King thing.
So anyway, you know Roosevelt was light years in and Hitler.
You see, here's the deal.
Henry Ford was an anti-Semite.
Hitler goes without saying was the anti-Christ of the Jews.
And yet, so if you pick either one of those, the Jews are going to go for a significant Einstein.
He's Jewish.
All right.
Bad choice.
What about the Filo, the TV guy, and then the TV?
Filo TV, Farnsworth.
You don't think the automobile is more significant than television?
Well, I think the mass production, not just the automobile.
Right. Well, he didn't invent the automobile, but he's the one that invented the production lines, right?
I don't disagree with the Henry Ford thing.
Henry Ford, virulent anti-Semite, never met an employee who wanted to get paid more than two cents an hour that he liked, but nevertheless, miserable son of a bitch, but nonetheless, and plus he was from Detroit.
Can't be all bad.
In fact, when there were some white people in Detroit, I thought he actually pioneered a higher wages for factory jobs.
Did he? Yeah.
Henry Ford did? Yeah.
Because they didn't like that.
Everybody except Jews though.
Right.
In fact, the Jews, how it worked is they took the money out of the Jews paychecks and gave it to the glam.
That's how it worked with Henry Ford.
So once we're getting a lay-in egg, but you notice the end of the year, and I'm kind of enjoying it.
It's fun to kill some time, especially when there's nothing else going on TV.
You've got 75 million lists.
Everybody's got the sexiest people of the century, the ugliest people of the century, the most exciting people, the most boring people, the most underrated, the most overrated, the most intelligent, the dumbest, the dumbest.
The most annoying thing is that every category, athlete, singer, it's great.
It kills some good time, and also gives people a chance to argue with each other about it.
If they get really pissed off, they'll always tell their brains out.
Because after all, that's the American fucking way.
Right.
If you don't like their choice, just show them.
Well, their brains out.
Right on their guide, Dan, my first brother's suit.
What's your brother's suit?
What was that on your Ivy League suit?
Was that what he said?
Yes.
With your Ivy League suit.
Badabing.
Badabing.
12 minutes before two, and I'm speaking about a bit.
Guys, something very important for all you people out there that want to live longer?
No, seriously, when you go into a public place with a public restroom, use the handy crap toilets.
No, they're seriously, they have higher seats.
It's like in Europe. Have I told you a minute time?
That I can't.
What?
Oh, well, you need a light here for you.
You don't have time to get to Hyde here, especially this last time from what I heard.
You don't have time to go get to Hyde here.
I need to take a stool in there.
Yeah.
Or leave one.
Like Jason.
Jason had time to go get a guy, Dan Brownie, or some kind of camera.
That's what he told me.
It was a Brownie.
Yeah, it looked like it.
11 before two at QIM.
Do you fudge back him?
I'm broken through a bedroom window.
And if I may end you dim my wind.
All right.
But I did not do who was crippled.
But that ain't nothing new.
If you play for the fish.
Against my girlfriend, forgot to tell me.
That is another bitch with someone else as well.
Oh, man.
A heroine of a movie and girls.
And I found out that it changed me within us.
Why didn't that bitch tell me?
It was too dark to see.
She didn't bet with her boss.
And that scared the bitch.
How the bitch.
She don't feel me now.
That's time that you said you're robbing this art.
And now they're calling it throw-play-or-parts.
And now I'm going to get my pick up with the game.
It's over.
Just like my brother's a little back around over my bulging mouth.
Now you can see a little bit of the game.
And everybody is a dressed up man.
And you can look around to see what hanging down.
This is paradise, I never realized that the food in which they'll be glad.
And my jacket has a football field.
And it's a robby itself.
And now it's B.D. Cart.
Yeah!
Look at the sun as one, man.
I'm going to put it on the table.
I'm going to grab on it all you want.
You'll check that.
I love you guys.
I love you guys.
Well, I was right.
I ate an egg and it's a football sense.
And that's a newty that got under wear, man.
I had a fun zone.
I never realized that the food in which they'll be glad.
And my jacket has a football field.
Just a robby and god.
And now it's B.D. Cart.
Well, it's B.D. Cart.
But the reason I've played that, we got hangspanning by a B.D. Cart.
of pregame coverage.
Oh, by the way, the most entertaining game if you had a dish yesterday, which I do,
and you're surfing around.
I mean, a bills and Patriots game.
That was an exercise in ultimate futility was pathetic.
But the exciting game was the Browns Colts game.
And wasn't this kind of disturbing, I'm sure, to a lot of Dolphans out there that Karim
Abdul-Jabbar had such a big day running the ball for the Browns.
And Terri Kirby and other Dolphin reject.
Not good enough for the Dolphans.
Had two touchdowns for the anxious Cleveland Brown yesterday, who damn near the top of the
Colts.
How do you like that?
And what did they give up Karim Abdul-Jabbar for so they could have Cecil and Essela
there in the lineup?
Nice going, Eric Jimmy.
Who never met a gangster he didn't like that Jimmy Johnson.
He's an asshole.
And Greg Cotex says, oh no, Jimmy isn't this and that's what the, yeah, sure he is.
He's an asshole.
Everybody knows that.
Make no mistake about it.
Yeah, I'm looking at, you know, I could make a list and I noticed the nominations are
pouring it over the facts machine, aren't they?
No.
See, this is another reason why the no cause format is the best format in the history of
mankind.
If I could have a million dollars for every time over the years that I brought something
up that begged for a response, that anybody listening was positive that we get a tremendous
response and guess what?
That was the response.
Nothing.
Wouldn't you think that people who were to faxed in like on a fax machine, who they thought
was the person of the century?
Wouldn't that have been a logical response since we get eight million faxes on there?
You would think so.
You would think.
You would, or nearly if you didn't know this audience, if you didn't know this town.
Was there one fax saying I thought that it should be Nelson Rockefeller?
No.
Nelson Mandela?
No.
Nelson from Toronto?
No.
No.
No, not one.
Not one fax.
Where is Nelson?
I don't know.
Very, and that's another reason we don't have to worry about that because like I've said
before, if you do this, if you do anything in this town, if you're into promotions in
this town, if you're on the air in this town, if you're going to expect a response, one
thing you can be sure is you'll always be disappointed.
Unless you're given scrap away, which you saw I just joked about it a few times early
in the show, phone was blazing.
We had to call the fire department.
The phone was smoking so bad.
Which by the way, remember the day that we had the fire alarms going off in here by mistake?
I could have forget my ears are still ringing.
Did the fire department ever show up?
No.
Which is right around the corner by the way and I was there a road.
Did they ever show up?
No.
No, they were busy sliding up and down the grease poles, which is what they do in fire
departments all day long.
I'm serious.
They slide up and down grease poles.
That's what Lacklot says.
Yeah.
All day long up and down and up and down.
Man, the pain in Spain.
Brutal.
So I guess when they made it to the pent up, what moved them?
And you know, maybe we'll fumer the audience and take that pool.
Give us something to do for a few minutes, you know.
Shoot.
Yeah, take a little survey.
And then on next Monday and the new year, I'll do whatever I want anyway.
Of course, we don't know if we're going to be here in the new year.
We can blow up.
The whole world could blow up because we're changing the calendar.
Do you understand how embarrassing and humiliating and stupid these people are?
And luckily, I think that's one of the first good things that I've signed that I've seen
in the ages.
That only 5% of the public is even concerned a little bit about this Y2K crap.
This.
Why?
2K bull crap.
Because even the dumbest of the dumbest got enough sense to realize that first of all,
it's an artificial calendar anyway that we invented.
It's just a number.
And the computer part of it sure, we understand that.
And a lot of things are geared to computers and they had to be adjusted.
We do understand that.
But as far as changing the calendar and that being some kind of a calamitous moment in
the history of the world.
