Yeah.
Oops.
I'm sorry.
I didn't know him.
I'm sorry.
I didn't know him.
I'm sorry.
I didn't know him.
I didn't know him.
But you know, it's sad when anybody dies.
Oh.
Just give me that whole time religion.
Oh, right.
I'm going to write a thousand prayers.
Remember not to do as we do.
Only as we say.
Just give me that whole time religion.
Our way is the best.
And if you don't believe,
like people,
so your house is dead.
All well-robbers in a jeweler,
don't wear a common-cat shoe.
You're living in a mansion with a big rose Roy.
Thanks to suckers just like you.
Be a good Christian man.
You have to understand.
Less than dollars.
I understand.
But keep your hands.
Keeps his asses.
That whole time religion.
And do the right of me.
Like when your woman is at that time and a month.
You make her stand outside for a week.
Just give me that whole time religion.
And me and R.A.
So I can choose find the ones that they I get to win.
So they say,
I don't give a crap when it's alive
but abortion's wrong to me.
A man should take love to his wife through a hole in the she.
The Bible is the foundation of the Holy Christian man.
The Spice of Fact is written by
Man who did a square pass
just giving that whole time religion.
With the Bible to obey.
And to interpret it to validate
by ignorance and hatred.
Just giving that whole time religion.
And I reject you.
Ready?
And anybody else that says,
comes our goal.
That's it.
It is our sin.
No one of the things are all screwed up.
But there's always a lot of sin in going on back in those
little days.
Wasn't there a lot of sin going on?
Anyway, so our pizza loft appearance last night,
which was sensational, by the way.
I think everybody for coming out,
we had a great time, a big turn out,
raised I think close to four grand for center one.
Which by the way, speaking of center one,
we'll get to that golf tournament, surely.
You remember that golf tournament?
Uh-huh.
You'll get to that.
But at any rate, so one of our people, one of my good friends,
who used to work at Poppano Park, she comes by and gives me a couple of copies,
one for me, and one for that he's in George,
of a book called,
Ken's Guide to the Bible,
by Ken Smith.
It's a paperback. It's on blast books.
I don't know if it's in bookstores or not, but Bhagavad Gharantiya.
A lot of people in this audience are going to want this.
And actually, a lot easier to read than, you know,
than those longer books like,
Farewell to God by Charles Templar, which is a great book.
But this is, you know, paperback, really easy to read.
It's got little symbols that makes it.
And oh, yeah, even has symbols in there to, you know,
show you exactly whether it's talking about sex
or whether it's talking about the heathens or whatever it's talking about.
I like the violence personally.
The violence, the bunk.
A lot of, yeah, bull.
It's a picture of bull to signify a bunk.
A lot of bull pictures in here.
A lot of bulls can't trap all through the Bible.
So anyway, we'll get to that.
It's got some really good stuff in it.
Maybe I'll just read the whole thing on the arrow.
How do you think? That sounds good.
Ken's Guide to the Bible.
By the way, before we do anything else,
we ought to try the toll-free number out.
Because amazingly,
much to our surprise in this May and Amazement,
the toll-free number was supposed to start working on Friday.
But much to our shock and pleasure,
it's actually working now.
So we're told.
And Bluff told us that he actually tried it out in the line too.
So we know it must be working.
So let's get our first call from the toll-free line
from out of town from like four Myers,
from the moon, from Pocipsi,
from anywhere.
It's supposed to work anywhere, right?
I-1877-785-Neil.
That's 1877-785-6345.
Well, this is an exciting, can we have a drum roll on this?
Like I said, the pressure is mounting.
You can feel it. You can hear it.
Oh, my God, there it is. It's ringing.
Let me get QIN.
Hello.
I got it. I got the phone.
Hello. All right, sir. Where are you?
I'm in Boka.
In Boka? Yeah, out of here.
That doesn't count. I don't want to be rude to that guy,
because they don't have a line in Palm Beach.
We don't want Boka.
We're talking about out of town,
out of state, out of this world.
That guy, damn Boka.
But the Palm Beach County people will be able to come.
But he just- he doesn't come.
Drum roll again. Let's try it again.
I'm in Boka.
Do you have any idea how inflating that is?
WQAM?
Yes, I like how it's meal.
Speaking.
How it's sound?
You're aware?
Hope sound.
I'm on a cell phone.
I work up here.
Sorry, it's the sound. So it's appointed.
No, that's great. We love hope sound.
Don't we love hope sound?
Not really.
Where exactly is hope sound?
North of Jupiter.
Yeah, up the coast.
Up the drain.
Now you can actually hear us up there. You're listening on the Internet.
No, I can hear you great on my truck radio.
All right. I'm in work.
Like I said, we like hope sound even better now.
Well, thanks a lot, sir. You made history today.
I never required.
Something you can tell your kids and grandchildren
writing your diary? Yes, or anything you like?
Unplugged, nine inch nails, or rent, or is there?
Unplugged.
Okay.
And I'd like to call my brother, Jonathan.
Okay. Okay. Don't push your luck for that.
See, they think that because they're called on a line,
like they do only a favor.
So I'm going to let them do just about anything.
The request, no problem, but no douchebags, okay?
So we had a great time.
I worked from Cincinnati.
About your pardon?
What do you mean by that?
We got somebody from Cincinnati.
Hold on, let him tell you.
How do you know that?
Because the guy from Cincinnati on line five is going to tell us right now what happened when he tried.
Oh, I see. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir.
Hey, I just, we moved up here about a year ago.
And I listen to you every day, and I was very excited about the 800 number,
but it doesn't work.
It doesn't work? What do you get?
I get a message, an automated message from an operator saying that this number cannot be reached from my calling area.
Oh.
Oh.
Yeah. I called it a Humber, yes.
Only on WQAM, sir, only the Greg Reed FNWAY.
This is probably a line that's only going to work in Florida.
Maybe. That's, yep.
Well, who the hell wants that?
Yes, I'll call you on my dime every once in a while.
Well, God bless you, man.
Until they get it fixed. Please pray for us.
I will. We need it. I know. Thanks.
See, we shouldn't own, like I said, too good to be true, right?
Uh-huh. Yeah.
But they can call us from Volca.
Oh!
That should make Peter Leonard happy.
Oh, wait till I get going on a QAM sales department, boys and girls.
Wait till I get going on a bitch screw in.
And our sales department, all of whom showed up for free food at the beach a lot last night, by the way.
The entire sales department and others too, which thank God Pony Till gets him trade-out spots.
He tells me because otherwise I'd be really ported off.
Yeah, they came out to the last night to see the great crowd that we had them to try to figure creative ways that they can whore our center one campaign every year, which I'm not going to allow them to do, but they sure tried their damn just to do it.
Don't you Brian, huh? And Peter.
Uh-huh. Yeah. To try to please their clients by hooring our fundraising maturity campaign, which said just like with that doctor, I mean.
Oh, wait till you hear about that.
Which I'll tell you momentarily. Wait till you're about to goddamn golf tournament and the golf tournament from hell.
It wasn't bad enough that we suffered the embarrassment and the fallout that still there isn't ending.
But wait till you hear about the money that was raised for center one from the golf tournament.
Do we know about the money from? No. No.
Ten minutes past ten at five sixty WQM.
No portion of this broadcast may be reproduced without the express written permission of WQM, easily read acquisition court.
This station stands for nothing.
But with the guys who did that song, a girl of summer.
And someone fed us that we couldn't do a song.
Do a song that was a dollar.
I like to provide for the sake of this one thousand Johnny Bench.
I eat a sitting on Monday. This is summer.
It's summer.
A life like that. I was driving a fish.
The movement made me itch.
The reason it's on that is no man.
When we're done.
And scratch my butt with a male file.
Hit the noise and let's ramming.
People always sit on the man the pale.
Not the horse, let's make a deal.
We're connected underneath our eyelids.
That's certainly rather just no truth of the taste.
I'm just a little bit more.
I'm just a little bit more.
I'm just a little bit more.
I'm just a little bit more.
I'm just a little bit more.
I'm just a little bit more.
I'm just a little bit more.
I'm just a little bit more.
I'm just a little bit more.
I'm just a little bit more.
I'm just a little bit more.
I broke this sound so good to come here.
I'm not a downer.
I'm only at this state of a gravity state.
It was a real stage.
It was a real stage.
That's much more downer than I was other.
Tens these days I'm sitting here doing a Chris Baker there
with a microphone off.
That's okay, but as well.
Because the last said the better now after seeing this.
Well, let's take a mobile informer's on our new
make-believe line.
Hello.
Hey, Dale.
Yes, sir.
Hey, you're doing a great job.
Listen to you every day.
Right now I'm on my way over down the freaking Marko Island.
These people are dead over here.
Yeah, I know.
I don't know.
They're not too much more live down here either.
Yeah, well, especially in Broward.
And a little more action going on there.
Yeah, we got a bunch of crazy Cooke-a-Rochers in Broward County.
We got the walking dead.
So you're not missing too much of it.
Hey, at least you got all the gang bangers and guns over there.
We had a couple of four Myers drove all the way over to
Pizza Loft last night.
How do you like that, sir?
Drown all the way over from four Myers just to see us and get our stuff.
Hey, that's great.
I would have been there if I wouldn't have had to work.
There you go.
Well, I wanted to know how can I get a best-of-city down here?
They're going to be at the four Myers and the specs for Myers very soon,
which I'll give you the...
I'll just keep listening.
I'll let you know when they're in there.
All right.
Keep it up.
Thanks a lot, pal.
Bye-bye.
Thank you.
Okay, so anyway, this is just to be expected.
I'm not going to get all upset in Psychotic because they have me conditioned
into expecting them to lie because that's all they know how to do here is lie.
Yeah, they lie with a laquity, man.
Just lie and lie.
They can tell you anything and you know it's a lie.
And then, of course, if you call them liars, oh no, we don't lie and we're not cheap.
No, we're not cheap.
We gave you basically a South Florida 800 line.
Is that what we were looking for?
No.
Is that what we were told we were going to get?
No.
That what our program director...
No.
Even in Tampa, it doesn't work.
George had calls from people off the year Atlanta, Tampa...
So it's not even a Florida law.
Check this out.
What's that?
Oh, here's a call from Orlando.
Hello.
Hello.
Disguised what a slow.
Oh, it's Orlando.
Hello, let's talk to Orlando.
Is he going to speak to me or not?
Hello.
Maybe he's just a Orlando.
Yeah, it was good.
That Orlando.
Okay, well, so maybe it does work in Orlando.
Do you think it works in Orlando?
Oh.
So anyway, let me, before I even monkey around with this 800 line, we can kill Bades with this thing now.
Okay?
I'd like to kill somebody in this place because, you know, as usual, Greg Reed is full of crap.
Shee, shee, shee, shee, shee, shee, shee, shee, shee, shee, shee.
Here's a guy that walks out of the toilet two days ago when a ratings come out and says to me,
Oh, you know, people think it's easy to get ratings.
We never had any ratings until we brought you over here.
He says to me,
Never in the history of any business has there been so little commitment to anybody
as there's a commitment to this program by this company.
Ever.
And we're not talking dollars and cents about their pay.
And because that was part of the original, that's in black and white.
And if it weren't for me, I'd have to fight to get it.
That was the deal.
But I'm talking about after the deal, all the promises, the state of the art studio, the 800 number, the this, the that, no commitment whatsoever.
I mean, none.
Zero, zippity doda.
And this is the same man who's wasted and gotter to know how much money to sue a radio station that number one has no audience.
And number two, I listened to him drive down to Pizza Lock last night.
And for the first time since the first week that they signed on the air, I've punched over there to 1700.
In my life, and this is not an exaggeration in my life, I've never heard anything so embarrassing.
They've got more test these distraught on there pretending to be a broadcast.
You know, a lot of little kids, a lot of little boys like to play radio.
They want to be radio announcers, they want to be sports announcers.
I guarantee you that there are millions of 10 and 11 and 12 year old kids in this country who could do better.
Put a better program on here than what they're doing on that thing that were that Greg Reed is so psychotic about.
And you want to know what I mean, they're doing fake voices.
Oh, we can have Marc shot on the phone.
Here's, this is, this is Marc.
They're doing a phony voice.
They're doing sit down comedy.
I was so embarrassed and humiliated.
And by the way, their sales department, the rumor has it that they're all walking out and nobody is getting paid.
They got the money to pay people over there, which I haven't seen very Jackson right that yet.
Did you know how could they have any money when they have no audience?
How could they sell any spots?
How could the salespeople sell business when they have no audience?
But our general manager, Mr. Sportsmogel, he's so paranoid because they had a two second conversation that allegedly would Joe Rose or because they're going after our sponsors or because they're going to take our sports look, his sports empire away.
That we file a lawsuit against them.
But to do anything for us here in this place, no, nothing.
Zipity, do you got zero?
Zero?
Zipo?
You're a disgrace, Greg.
You're an embarrassment.
You're not just a disappointment.
You're a bitter, bitter embarrassment.
You're a sad and sorry, excuse, which is why it's a great segue into our next thing about this government.
So after listening to about three minutes of this unbelievable, I mean, just, I'm mortified for them.
I mean, bearish, I'm humiliated that this is what they have to put on the air.
They couldn't compete with that air.
That's how bad they are.
And this man was psychotic and paranoid about that radio station because he hasn't got a clue what he's doing.
So anyway, I'm listening to them.
I turned it off.
I pull into the parking lot there.
I find that they got a parking spot right out there in front that Peter Leonard is waving me in too because the entire crazy sales department was there.
And I get out of the car and I forget who was that broached the conversation with me about the money from the golf tournament.
Remember that very famous golf tournament, the OJ golf tournament?
And I have saved, you know, I saved this for a reason.
See, I saved some of these old things with sometimes people throw out this Josie Lambeet insider column that I saved there.
It's even getting a little yellow.
It's a old, yeah, it is.
OJ Simpson claimed another victim in San Dushbag.
The promotions guy was suspended in Yadi-adi-adi in the Sinat and Duque originally said the event had raised 25,000% of one but only 2000 made its way to the age of security.
Some of the rest said Greg Reed went to OJ related expenses were trying to stir out the mess.
This article was in there weeks ago.
I don't have to date because I just flipped it off from the bottom of the page.
So I don't have the date that this was in the scum center, but it's weeks old because the golf tournament was like,
do we remember how many weeks ago that was?
Was in August, was in early September.
It's got to be several weeks ago.
So to make a long story short and by the way, Josie, whoever told you that 2000 went to the age of security, I'll tell you how much has gone to it so far.
OJ!
The big fat O.
Zero Zippity, Du Dazippity, A.
All that money has flown away.
They haven't seen a dime.
And there's our friend Carol sitting at the day.
And by the way, let me apologize on behalf of Carol.
She's under a lot of stress.
Some people brought back to the effective CDs last night.
And she certainly should have swapped them for you.
And she instead told them you have to go back to the special where you bought it.
Which was not a good move on your part.
Carol, but nevertheless, she's under a lot of stress.
Is that a good excuse?
So anyway, I says to where, so you haven't gotten any of the money from the bell turn to me yet?
And she says, no.
She says, I keep calling Ray Perry over there.
And they keep telling me that, well, it's still an accounting.
And they still haven't ironed their figure out all the figures yet.
And they're, you know, a Lyra's figure and figures Ly.
However, that old saying goes, isn't that how the saying goes?
Figures Ly and Lyra's figure.
Something like that.
Lyra's a full of crap.
So here we are a week later.
How much accounting could possibly be going on?
How much money went to OJ related expenses?
And let me ask you this question.
If management didn't know about OJ being there,
who authorized money being spent out of whatever they took in that day for OJ related expenses?
Isn't that a good question, I think?
No, no.
Yeah.
This is in a place where they can't even write a check here.
All the checks have to come from Naples from Beasley headquarters.
They can't write a check for 15 cents.
And yet somehow somebody in this joint managed to spend some of that money on money
and what Greg Reed calls OJ related expenses.
So here we are weeks and weeks later.
We went through all of this embarrassment, all of this humiliation.
Oh, by the way, I guess who wasn't there in our pizza law last night?
Roy!
Thank God.
We went through one of the most embarrassing episodes that any station in America probably has ever gone through.
And again, something I wanted no part of.
I didn't mind thinking to do it as golf tournament.
September 24th.
September 24th.
Today is October 27th over a month ago.
Five weeks ago.
Now, how much accounting could possibly go on when there was allegedly only a couple of grand left after
and they didn't really raise any 25 grand that was part of Sam's, a figment of his imagination.
A number he pulled out of his...
Correct him.
...like the 300 grand he pulled out of his ass last year.
To be a wise guy.
How much accounting could be going on, Ray Perry?
Who in this building?
Who has got the answers to this question?
How much money did that golf tournament raise for center one?
When are they going to get it?
And where did the rest of it go?
I think inquiring minds want to know the answers to those questions that I know I sure as hell do.
Since I'm representing the fundraising efforts on this radio station, and since our general manager goes in print and says for publication,
some of it, some of the rest went to OJ related expenses.
What the hell is that?
Maybe that's the reason we can't get a real 800 number on here that works outside of like three counties away.
Cheap, cheap, cheap, cheap.
The man stands here, it's four feet to my right just a few days ago.
It says, oh, we're not cheap. We'll do whatever it takes, you know.
Whatever it takes to fake our way through is cheaply as possible.
That's the rest of the sentence.
Because the beesleaves are a bunch of cheap pricks who don't want to spend any dime that they don't have to.
Just like our construction project out here on the third floor, seeing any progress on that?
No.
How many months ago should that have been done?
The agarantea, the Egyptians, built some of the tallest pyramids in shorter amounts of time than it's taken them to complete the erections here in this building.
And you want to know why?
Because they're working piecemeal, because they're getting paid piecemeal.
How do you like that?
In fact, maybe some of the money that's supposed to be going to set a one from the Velcro.
But I don't know if this is that way.
Maybe that's what the problem is, huh?
Maybe we're kind of like stealing from, I don't know where it's going.
Nobody else seems to too.
That's why we're still trying to sort the mess out, says Greg Reed.
What a sense of humor he's got.
What a guy, huh?
What a bitter disappointment.
One thing you can depend on.
If Greg Reed tells you something, ladies and gentlemen, you can be sure
that it's probably a pile of crap.
And 800 number, my big fat bloody.
Freckto.
26 after 10 is 560 WQN.
They play like men, and they look like women.
George Bush Jr. is a piece of sh**.
George Bush Jr. is a piece of sh**.
George Bush Jr. is a piece of sh**.
George Bush Jr. is a piece of sh**.
Hey, hey, the rich boy will pack and then go to Kay Kunky.
Like he's gonna do it all I can't paint for now.
He's gonna give us wrap about people going hungry.
It's so confusing with the facts.
We can't find your rap sheet. It just disappeared.
We're looking all over and it's still like him.
Hey, George Bush Jr.
Where's your rap sheet, though?
Are you afraid that you'll find out that you is low-fab?
You are average-balanced kid, a drunken party.
And you've got pigs from possession of drugs.
But I'll pinch my tooth.
You've been higher as judge.
You've got some AIDS, jacks, flam-dent, and the face.
ayeye, potisprush
George Bush Jr. is a piece of sh**.
George Bush Jr. is a piece of sh**.
Tricy Jewel,time is a pizza
Everybody went from a hot pack
Tricy Jewel,time is a pizza
BEEP not bad
Tricy Jewel,time is a pizza
Tricy Jewel,time is a pizza
Tricy Jewel,time is a pizza
BEEP
Okay-10 32 or 5 60 W?
Okay, now I got a great idea
Can I dial out?
Okay
Oh, I'm dialing a campaign information app.
You're sorry?
A long distance company access code is required for the number you have dialed.
So you found your call with the access code.
What does that mean?
All these lines are locked out so that the shluppers can't make long distance calls unless they have a code.
Yeah.
Which we did.
Well, write it down and hold it up and I'll punch in the code.
Well, I know they'll be able to hear it.
I don't...what do they make if they hear it?
Yeah.
And then what?
Dial it and then I hit that code.
But you didn't get a tone so I don't understand.
Normally there's a tone and then you enter the code.
No, you have to read out the number.
You can press up.
But I didn't hear a tone so I didn't even know if it was the same word.
So I don't know if you got it on the first and then you put it on that code.
Yes.
I think we're out in the code if you ask me.
813.
Oh, we're sorry.
A long distance company access code is required to the number you...
I'm not sure if you did that code because I've done it.
It works.
But not from this line obviously.
Don't ask me why.
Well, no, I figured that way then.
I know for sure because somebody called from Tampa said they can't get it.
The number by the way is 877-785-neil.
785-6345.
That's our phantom make believe toll free number.
That was supposed to be toll free from wherever people were listening.
They're listening on the radio thing, on the audio net, all over the world.
And that was supposed to be the deal here.
So we were told.
That's what we agreed to.
Wasn't it?
That's what we were talking about.
That's what we thought this was going to be.
Yeah.
And come to find out that the people in Tampa can't get through it.
Orlando, I'm not really sure whether there was really somebody on there or not.
What?
Oh.
WQM, make believe line.
Hello.
Hello.
What is that?
Is it a line checker?
Well, I already got a couple of cranks on it, so I know it.
Yeah.
Well, that's good.
That's a good sign.
Maybe they're calling from far away.
We don't care about that.
If you're in New Hampshire, call us on the toll free line, even if you're a crazy, then a bed book.
1877-7856345.
WQAM.
George.
Yes, sir.
I'm in St. Pete Man, and I'm calling you.
You're in St. Pete?
All right.
Here we go.
Here's the guy at St. Petersburg getting through on our line.
How's it going, Neil?
Great.
It's sounding good, man.
Unbelievable.
You're listening on the audio net.
Yes, I am.
And people need to be dialed, dialing, and EIL, reverses, and EAL.
Maybe that's what the problem is.
Or the 6345 makes it hell a lot easier.
That's some dumb people over here.
Over there.
Yeah.
Across me.
You don't want to swap.
OK, have a great day, Pat.
Thank you.
God bless you.
We'll pray for you.
There's a guy in St. Pete.
You're like that.
Things are getting a little bit better all already.
We're all the way halfway up the state.
Yeah.
We're all the way up north of the lake now.
Let's see if we can get one of our student people up there in Jamesville or Tallahassee
and out of this line.
You think they're going to be able to get through?
No.
Let's see.
I'm thinking.
Oh.
WQAM.
Big Spender line.
And you know, works in Naples.
Are you on Naples?
Yeah.
Well, that goes without saying.
But if you were in Naples, Italy, we'd be a lot more impressed.
That's right.
That's what you'd probably be, too.
Well, at least we got you people over there on the west coast.
At least we got you guys aligned, right?
You bet, Pat.
And we're going to just burn this thing up.
We're going to build up a guy that builds so big.
In fact, during the breaks, I'm going to go out in the hallway and I'm going to call on it.
Thanks a lot, Pat.
You appreciate it.
You bet.
And have a great day.
Kiss the beesleys for us, too, by the way.
OK, I'll go up and see them.
Right on the back dome.
Give them a big, wet one for us.
Cheap bastards, cheap pricks.
Those people don't deserve the Nearodger show.
I'll tell you that right now.
You beesleys, you ought to kiss the ground.
You ought to kiss my fat old, fatty ass.
Just for coming in here every day.
Putting up with this crap.
Make believe.
Make believe radio boy.
At least we had that Make Believe Ballroom music.
I mean, this audience is not allowed to remember that, but I am.
The Make Believe Ballroom.
Here on Make Believe Radio, WQAM, where the management lies like it's coming out of their...
WQAM.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
Hi, I'm Colin.
I live near Sarasota.
Right.
And I'm getting you fine on the number.
Now, whereabouts?
Give me a town.
Are you from...
I can't afford Charlotte.
Oh, sure.
Yeah, I'm listening to you on the...
on the real player.
Right.
I just want to call it, you know.
I just want that I try the number.
So we're all the way...
Well, poor Charlotte, of course, is way south of St. Petersburg.
Yeah, it is.
We're making some progress.
We started like in Fort Myers.
Then we had the Naples guy moving up a little bit.
And now we're over.
No, I got it backwards.
Naples is south and then Fort Myers.
And then we're up to Port Charlotte.
And all the way up to St. Petersburg.
Yeah, well, this is a direct...
This is a direct-go-no-we're town.
If you think Sunrise is bad and Delray Beach, I mean...
Oh!
Yeah, it's through there.
Very fast and I-75.
Yeah, you don't want to stay here.
I'll put you there like a...
I just floor it when I go through there.
Thank God.
What a brother for a share of you all.
All right.
Thank you, sir.
All right.
I'll look you by.
All right.
See, we got millions of people listening all over the world here.
And there's cheap ass radio station.
Won't get us a goddamn watch line.
Or a voice synthesizer.
Or any other goddamn equipment.
Because they lie.
Because they're cheap.
Because they suck.
They suck the big one.
That's right.
When they put his ass in the ground, okay,
with a hole in his head, Grig read.
On his tombstone it's going to say,
he sucked a big one.
That's right.
I'm telling you right now.
Roy!
God damn it.
Bull crap artist.
Oh, when I shake your hand, we got a deal.
Yeah, right.
When you shake my hand, I run and wash it real fast.
I've had to do that right now.
Fony bastard.
What a prick.
What a piece of turd, man.
The Phantom 800 line.
And of course we got a program director who's really got the big pair.
Yeah.
Oh yeah, he's probably sitting in there weeping right now.
Oh, Neil's ripping us on the air again, Grig.
What are we going to do?
Here's a guy that doesn't go to bed.
No wonder Joe Rose wanted to punch his lights out in the hall a couple of months ago.
He doesn't go to bed for the talent this guy.
He sits in there scared of his own goddamn shadow.
Type it up these schedules.
Is he going to bed for us?
No.
No.
We need God damn Pete Rose to come in here and bat for us.
That's what we need.
He go down there and he go right down the hall there and punch Grig reads lights out if we had Pete Rose's PD.
Yeah, PD.
That's right.
We don't need a PD who cries.
We need a PD who kicks ass.
That's PD Rose.
No matter what you engrave says.
He'd go down there and kick us not out of that guy's head.
21 before 11 at 560 WQAM.
We're the humor and by the way we know where that money is from the golf tournament.
Oh.
Think anybody is building those where that money went to?
No.
Charity you know?
No.
Charity we don't want to rip off charities.
You know, especially Neil's charity center one.
It does all that good work for people with HIV.
We don't want to rip them off.
No.
So where's the goddamn money already five weeks later?
Bit of eat, bit of boop, bit of bop, bit of eat.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You will lie in sack of crap.
21 to 11.
I just said that.
Did I just say that?
No.
Can't beat that gator meat.
Some people don't.
Yeah.
They walk all around with their head off their blues.
Beckham.
He's always the same.
They're just looking for fame.
And they're so beautiful.
Like the chronic throat.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh, the chronic stomach.
Oh.
It's first on the line.
Because life is cash rich.
We have all this money.
No.
No.
Really waiting for you up here tonight.
I just come on up with your green Corvette.
We, you and what army of little Yahoo's are we all your friends have carol.
We all your friends have carpet spring.
Why don't you stand up like on your own?
It's always we like you got all your buddies.
How come you don't like stand on your own thing?
We do stand on our weave.
There's that weave again, man.
Are you speaking French or English?
You're being as we we.
We are.
We are.
There we go.
We are.
You sound like Dan Cale now.
Sure.
You can't even spell us.
You don't want to rob these pigs on the radio.
Right.
Wait.
And you know you don't have to.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
Wait, wait, wait.
You sound like that baby.
Are you in Luthor?
Are you an interest?
I think you've been up an interest with that baby.
You want to admit it to the heart.
Some people don't.
Great talk.
They don't have a clue.
We're scared.
They won't go around.
With their head up, say blue.
There's always the same.
They're just looking in for fame.
And they'll love the abuse.
Like the comics, the news.
We've a comic for you.
Oh, 14 before 11 at 5, 60 WQAM.
So our center one total is 28,880.
Pizza law last night, according to what you just packed me here.
2006-15.
Does that sound like just almost 4,000 of you?
No.
I don't, I don't.
I'm just doing the best I can, boys and girls.
That's all I can do.
So we're close to 30 grand and the good news for the people
I'm going to say that the best news for the people in 4 Myers over
there is.
That the specs in 4 Myers has already got the best in the 99 in stock
as we speak.
There's some good news today.
I think it's going to be countin' born, would say.
I'm dead.
There's good news tonight.
So the reason I played the Chronic from Loot's thing is that now we've got
this great number in here that we're saying about 6 counties.
We can hook up with some of our old good buddies over here.
Maybe we'll hear from some of those Chronic's, I'll be sure.
Hope not.
566-705-60, 05-560 on the AT&T line.
And 877-785-Neal, any IEL-877-785-6345 on the other townline.
In addition to which now that we've got that number to give out, just think of how
much more time that will kill.
This show will go by like, both lightning.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
This is really good.
26 minutes they've been waiting to sit there on the other end of the line.
Are they making guttable sounds, or are we unhold or something?
Miami.
Do not be there, okay?
Thank you so much.
Here's Fort Myers.
Hello.
Okay, they're gone.
And that was on, see that was not on the line 9, which I wonder why he called on the line 6,
and he said he was on his own toll free number.
Everybody in their brother, every little business, everybody's got like one employee,
which might be himself.
He's got a toll free number.
What do we got?
We got a make believe.
We got a Greg Reed toll free number that works about 15 yards out of the building.
Here's Isla Marotta.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
I got three Greg ones for you.
Number one.
When that plane went down to South Dakota, you know that it's likely it's frightened some cows.
And when it hit, it stands to reason that it killed a number of fields mice.
I think PETA has a right to have their own investigative team in there with the...
They're on CNN right now.
Right?
Yeah.
Okay.
And they're on CNN as we speak.
He is there, huh?
On the scene.
He is there.
Their team is on the scene.
And how about them two cops that got caught taking their pictures with the OJ 10 days ago?
Right.
They were supposedly relieved of duty.
I bet that they made Miami police squadron's gunned back on the street again.
You need to find out about that.
And lastly, I got a good reason why feed roads should not get anything.
Yeah, go ahead sir.
This son is lying down after this call.
Go ahead.
This son is a scab.
What does that mean?
Scab, you know, SCAB, the lowest form of life.
Nothing lower than a scab.
You know that.
Oh, his son.
Yes.
Okay.
Well, have a great day pal.
I'm having a hard time staying awake to that call.
Well, if I were on the line, like I said, the chronic from Moots, I think, should have been a signal to us.
See, that's the thing.
We don't want a Florida line.
This was what I was hoping to get some people, with all the respect, I mean, to people in St. Pete.
We had a couple of, you know, reasonable people on there.
But we don't want Florida calls.
We already got Florida calls.
That's the problem it is, you know, is that's all we can get us Florida calls.
Greg, you idiot.
You scumbag.
You, uh, he's an asshole.
Right.
You lying piece of turd.
Oh, look at it.
Now, here's the call.
Is that for real?
I think the other people must have just been down in the wrong number, like, yeah, they were down in the wrong number.
I know Greg would not let us down like that.
What do you do that?
Yes.
No, you wouldn't.
Here's the call from Phoenix.
I know who this is.
Me of God.
Yes, sir.
Call it from Phoenix.
Arizona, listen to your real audio.
The 785635 works with the 877.
How do you like that?
It works in Phoenix, baby.
I was down in the wrong number.
Those other assholes are trying to make me depressed.
They're all retarded.
They're in the wrong number.
I'm sorry.
You've been excused to tell you what a scumbag Greg read is, which he is.
Yeah.
Anyway, if I just wanted to call and let you know, and then close and serve my friend, Charlotte, he is a douchebag.
Are you, you're not the satellite guy in Phoenix, are you?
Oh, no, no, no.
There's a difference.
We actually have a different guy in Phoenix who listen to this show every day.
It surprises me, but it was surprising if you got a bunch and the transplant there about four years been out here.
Listen to you on the audio net every single day.
I guess the people here weren't old enough for you.
Is that why you went to Phoenix?
Yeah.
I know.
I went out here for a little better education.
There you go.
All right.
Watch out for the cactus, man.
Have a good one, my friend.
There's a call from Phoenix Arizona, ladies and gentlemen.
See, what are these people just stirring up a bunch of crap?
Okay, they're stirring the pot to probably smoke it now.
And what about the guy from a Cincinnati that called you and said he couldn't get through?
He probably dialed the wrong number, do you think?
They're probably either dialing 800 or they're done any a-o.
Or K and E-E-L.
K and E-E-E-L does work too good.
Neal with the K.
Oh, this is going to be-
This is going to be great.
Like I said, we can kill hours and hours dealing around with this plan with it.
I'm sure you can relate to that.
Let me give you the correct number again.
Let me give it slowly.
Let me take 20 or 30 minutes to do that before I get into-
Oh, by the way, here's one of the worst letters to the editor ever printed.
Why would the hero print a letter like this?
And please don't tell me they print all the letters the papers because they don't do that.
Gary Rodriguez in Miami.
Sure hope no relation to you.
Probably not.
I applaud Miami-Dade school board member Demetrile Perez for the petition drive to keep kids on school property during lunch break.
The students should have nothing to complain about because they can still get to their handguns in the parking lot.
Is that one of the most disgusting, the most pathetic, the most embarrassing, the most grotesque letters to the editor you've ever read in your life?
Yes.
From Gary Rodriguez in Miami.
He's an asshole.
Yeah, and then some.
Of course, I'm sure there's only 50,000 Gary Rodriguez in Miami so we can remain anonymous very safely.
In fact, his name is probably Tom Smith.
Nice going, Gary Rodriguez.
You jackass.
All the kids are evil in her bed.
Look at us.
The only line we got now is the other town line going.
Everybody else is giving up.
And that's okay.
We don't care.
Like I said, we talked to enough Florida-
Like I said.
See, that's the problem which she discussed with you before.
They just can't get anything right here.
They just can't get it right.
And again, that's because we got whims working around here.
We got whims and gumps.
Mental widgets.
People with no balls.
There's no, they just don't care.
They don't give a crap.
Everything in due time, like she said, like Linda Blair said in the exorcist, in time.
Yeah, right.
And that's how it is here.
Sooner or later, we might get around to it.
Maybe not.
You know, stop making problems.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
So I guess we shouldn't be concerned about the fact that there's that missing money from that grotesque golf term.
That we shouldn't be too concerned about that.
No.
No.
The fact that this radio station is dishonorable enough, not to have a very quick accounting and get them the money,
which isn't our money, which shouldn't be in somebody's pocket here wherever the hell they're hiding it.
Unless, of course, they're using it like they always do, robbing Peter to pay Paul.
Or maybe they want to pay the contractors with the money like I said before.
The embarrassment to fall out from that thing just never stops.
Never stops.
Did we want any part of that golf tournament?
No.
We want to be associated with it.
No.
Do I play golf?
No.
Here's four Myers.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I heard earlier that you're going to bring the best of the NELT CDs over to the specs and four Myers.
They're already there.
Oh.
They are there as I speak.
How do you like that?
It's good.
What would be even better is that they brought some of the older ones.
They just have the best of 99.
Well, as far as I know, they only have these, but that's not a bad idea.
We can sure us suggest it.
They've been trying to find a copy of Star Wars Cantina.
Right.
That's one of the older ones.
That's what I figured.
And there's one of them chasing them over here in Fort Myers.
I've looked on your website and I can never find a listing of what's on each CD.
Well, I'll tell you what.
You keep listing this morning.
And I'll look on, because I've got them all behind me here.
And I'll look and find which one it is.
And then you can order it from the website.
OK, that'll work.
How's that?
That's fine with me.
OK, pal.
Have a great day.
Thanks.
See, this is a great deal.
We're kind of like communicating with the outside world.
I know that's a really radical thing, a concept that's alien to these people here.
These little parochial nose pickers.
Well, we never had any ratings until we brought you over here.
I wonder why, Greg.
I think we can get a squeeze a few more spots in there in drive time.
Can we squeeze just a few more in there, maybe?
Here's.
Come on.
You can get them in there.
Get us shoehorn out.
Because the chigger in the wood piles that bitch down here in the sales department,
she's the chigger in the wood pile here.
She's the one that calls the shots.
She's the one that's stuffing this place with God damn spots,
so that we're losing bonus money because of her.
That's why the lack of listenership is down so dramatically in morning drive and afternoon drive,
even though their queue is up.
More people are listing, but they're listing for like five minutes a week.
Because they just don't have the patience, especially in drive time,
and maybe they have a life to keep listening to 10 and 12 and 13 minute commercial breaks.
Am I right?
You bet you're sweet ass.
I'm right.
But don't mess with screw-in, baby, because she's the one pulling the strings.
You know what I'm talking about?
Roar!
Yeah, she's pulling that too.
10.56 at 5.50 WQAM.
Boy, my fired up in the smoke in today.
Well, what good reason, too, I would say.
Oh, yeah.
Well, you know, that money.
We're still trying to figure out where it is.
Oh, yeah.
See, this isn't another contest winner from Power 96 that they can put off for two, three, four months.
This is in Georgia's bonus that they can keep stalling off for two, three, four, six months.
This is money that was supposed to be raised for charity, okay?
That if I were in their position, I'd be pretty goddamned, embarrassed.
To have somebody to my main guy going on a year and screaming and yelling about the fact that we haven't turned the money over to them yet,
or even told him how much it is yet.
Because it would make me look like some kind of an S is how it would make me look.
Like some kind of a bad business person, like some kind of a shister.
Four minutes before 11 at 5.60 WQAM.
Kim Mocaverd talks sports against right here on sports radio 5.60 QAM.
WQAM is going to be playing his name.
This is going to be playing his name.
Who's our day?
Help me, everyone.
Help me.
Come on, help me.
Her name was Leah.
She was a princess with the Danish on each year and I think she's drawing me in so I do this too.
I think she's drawing me in so I can't see her.
I think she's drawing me in so I can't see her.
I think she's drawing me in so I can't see her.
I think she's drawing me in so I can't see her.
I think she's drawing me in so I can't see her.
I think she's drawing me in so I can't hear her.
And on, on the floor, the star wars, the war can't seem us
Though in the creatures you've ever seen us
And the star wars, the war can't seem us
Music and classes that'll get our masters at the star wars
Our sights are straightforward
We'll never find the more wretched hides coming into the land
It's a caution
His name was Yoda, he was a muffin
The better was so bad, by the way, he's noob that he kissed his sister
His hand got torn off
In that cozy far far way, who just had a lousy day, both of us
That was so mean, the job of a bad hygiene
Why didn't they all just relax back on top to lean at the star wars?
Our stars, the war can't seem us
Though in the creatures you've ever seen us
And the star wars, the war can't seem us
Music and classes that'll get our masters at the star wars
The boss will be with you
to please
1204-560UV So, anyway, it's not on any of the best though
we just discovered airir akook
It was a great term on our website through nor landing
said, I guess what, it's not on there but we'll put it on a website pretty soon
so that'll be a place where you can find it
Okay, okay.
So anyway, Tom Jicke, a member he wrote that crap about all, wasn't really that bad of a storm
and whether people didn't blow it and all you people were saying that are assholes and you're full of crap.
See, I was talking the other day, in fact, one of the guys that came out to Pizza Lock last night,
was thanking me profusely for putting out yesterday and accurately so.
Now, just because somebody who dies was famous in whatever line of work they did,
doesn't make their life more meaningful or worthy of more coverage than anybody else,
like the mother that went out there to try to save her two kids and then got herself electrocuted
in the middle of that storm.
Or the guy who went to work because nobody called, nobody stopped his work that day,
and he wound up going off into the canal and drowning because he was trying to go to work
because they didn't close down the joint.
And almost nobody did close down because again, they blew it in spite of what Tom Jicke says
who says it was just a little bit of rain.
You know, like I said the other day, Tom, you're perfect for this market.
I'm going to give you an idea of how parochial this market is, how pathetic it is.
So predictable.
We don't even have people who cover radio and television on a regular, you know, on a regular,
the only thing we get is Tom's reviews of the new TV shows after he spends three or four months
lolligagging around at Hollywood Park in Santa Anita out there on a West Coast.
Ratings come out here.
Waffin, they have a mass exodus from their staff because they're on a verge.
I guarantee they won't make it with that format till the end of the year.
Take that to the bank.
All kinds of things going on.
The rating story, the big success story is a smegmo103.5.
Going through the roof of that disco crap.
All kinds of things.
So what's the story in today's sunset?
And of course, it's a syndicated story not even written by any local writer since we don't have really any local writers.
Paul Brownfield and the LA Times writes with picture of course and with a plug on radio where you can find it.
Can Stern's comedy survive the horse?
Oh yeah.
A whole big article here about it because Howard's getting the divorce.
Again, it's the hype stairs man.
Whoever dies, Ricky Martin on the front page, Howard's on the inside page, Howard's on the front page.
Same old tired crap.
But the stuff that's going on here, which guess what last time I checked, Howard doesn't do a show here, doesn't he?
No.
The stuff that's going on here, nobody knows about it.
Nobody knows from it.
It's the FCC fine, whether it's a smegmo103.
No matter what it is, nobody here knows from it.
And Tom being the good establishment guy that he is takes the time to chastise all the rest of us for saying that the weather people blew it in Hurricane Irene.
And that a lot of people were left vulnerable and seven people died and nobody was prepared for the torrential rains that we had in the flooding and the consequences and the power being out, etc.
And all of these things.
How can you live here and be so oblivious to the stuff that's going on around you, Tom?
How can you be just, I mean, is it stupidity in difference?
What could it be?
I know it's those rampant qualities here in South Florida.
But I'll say it again, just because paint store was a famous golfer and most people who aren't into golf had no idea who he was.
Didn't make his death worthy of the incredible.
And it's still going on, by the way, they're not even close to being finished.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line and 877, 785 needle on the out of town line for whatever it'll be working.
Here's a mobile in Pemberk Pine.
Hello?
Okay, that's the end of that. That's the end of our calls for the day.
I'm just going to sit here and eat my beef turkey.
Okay, I'm not going to get all of a sudden worked up about these things because nobody cares.
Try it again, mobile in Pemberk Pine. Hello?
Yes, sir.
I'm just thinking about where all that money went and that golf thing.
Yeah.
You know, I think when you rob Peter to pay Paul, that makes Peter so or nobody likes so with Peter.
You agree with that?
That's what I wanted to say, anyhow.
Okay, thanks, hello, hello, thanks to Heath.
Sure want to miss that. He's calling from like local Pemberk Pine.
He's not out of town like in Lootz here somewhere. He's calling right here in town. Thanks a lot, buddy.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60. You see what I mean about calls from Florida?
Oh my God.
Three more years of calls from Florida. Just take the money and yield. I will. Thank you.
Anybody got any real ideas where they money went from the golf tournament?
Anybody inside the building having a counting of that?
Got any excuses for that? Oh, we're still trying to sort it out.
Yeah, don't get upset about all these things.
And golf is football. Sports radio.
560. You a ham.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Don't you love Bill Bradley? Don't we need Bill Bradley?
He's more than 60 times.
Play the pro basketball.
Yeah, we need him.
Yeah, he's going to win the race.
He fell of him cause he is an Albert Gord.
Did I mention that he is an Albert Gord?
He played for the Nick. He doesn't borrow stick.
Yeah, we love him cause he is an Albert Gord.
Not Albert Gord.
Not Albert Gord.
Not Albert Gord. Yeah, he's not Albert Gord.
I say it one time more.
We love Bill a lot.
Mostly cause he's not boring Albert Gord.
Well, I just love Bill Bradley.
No.
I just love Bill Bradley.
Not really, I mean, honestly, they all suck.
I mean, yeah, if they really want my honest opinion,
it's really another horrendous twist. They all suck.
There's a single one of them who could lead a bunch of grills over the edge of a cliff.
It's 14 past 11 at 560 WQM.
Here's the facts from Billy B.
How you doing, Billy B? How you B?
It says, I travel a lot less than you on the net wherever I happen to be.
This week I'm in Montreal and needless to say says Billy B.
The 877-785-6345 number doesn't work from here.
From Montreal.
Oi!
I guess we didn't get the frog line installed, huh?
Anyway, just one last you know I enjoy the show.
I can't get my ass in the gear until I've listened to you.
Keep it up and they'll work to says Billy B.
Thank you, Billy B.
And give a big kiss to my girlfriend, Dick Irvin Jr. up there in Montreal.
She had a few tears for those Canadians.
Or maybe you'd have a duffel do it for you.
Here's the facts from Brian who says he lives in Boynton Beach and there's a specks over there.
And they have the CDs but not the key chains.
Which, by the way, I don't have my key chain that I had yesterday to do the nixie.
Because somebody, you can borrow my swipe, or have it.
But they're not having a specks that they couldn't carry then.
Because they'd be too easy to look to shop of it.
So it has to get them at our appearances or you can order them from center one.
Like you can order them off theewarges.com right off the website.
It would be a good way to do it.
There's more than one way to skin a pull kit.
I'll kill you that.
Okay, Brian.
Here you go.
So anyway, let me give that number again for out of time.
Now, see how I'm really not certain.
We had the Phoenix call.
Did we have any other call from out of state?
You said the Phoenix call that was a real call.
I don't think so.
1-877-785-0-785-6345.
Just just checking here.
We're just testing it out today to see how much we can bitch about it.
Which probably will be a lot.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Mobile in Miami.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Great.
Did you discuss anything about the tytony incident?
About the what?
Tytony incident.
Tytony?
Right.
Did you read the paper there?
Tytony.
Is that something you get it to pizza loft?
No, no, no, no.
I have no idea what that was.
On the beach, Tytony incident.
Tytony.
Tytony.
Racism against the brothers.
The brothers didn't say they didn't tip.
So he said they didn't say that.
Oh, yeah, thank you, that.
Yes, sir.
As a matter of fact, that name didn't ring a bell.
I said, you're a lot of time.
That's true a lot of times.
But you can't say that.
Is that in a Harold?
Right.
One moment, please.
I'm done.
One moment, please.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Here it is.
Patrons of ledge raised by us.
It might be a BT.
We're on some of that.
Yeah, I was going to talk about that.
But who the hell is Tytony?
Tytony.
Who is Tytony?
A restaurant.
Oh, that's the name of the restaurant.
Oh, it's a Thai restaurant, T-H-A-I.
I thought you were talking about like an athlete.
No, no.
Tytony, like Ty Cobb?
Okay, call me back some other time, pal,
when you're like, more into it.
I don't know.
He's like, got something going on in the background there
and to get a little problem.
But at any rate, patrons of ledge raised by us
at Miami Beach, eatery.
The name of the restaurant is Ty.
It just didn't sound right the way he said it.
You know, he said it like it was a person's name.
You be following what I'm saying there?
Oh, yeah.
The restaurant is called Tytony, 890 Washington Avenue.
And in any rate, two patrons of the restaurant
say the proprietor added an automatic 50% gratuity
to their check and then told them why.
He says, black people don't tip good.
When the customer questioned the surcharge,
that's what he told them.
He said, the tough graph, I'm adding it automatically
because each part is no tip well.
Now, see, like in many restaurants around the world,
they automatically include a 50% surcharge for service.
And then you don't have to, and if you want to leave a little more,
that's okay, too.
But since this is not an international city,
this is strictly a horse and buggy town.
People aren't accustomed to that.
They figure they're going to leave whatever tip they want, voluntarily.
In addition to which I'd like to ask this question.
Well, anyway, Charles Thompson, 40,
a travel counselor from American Express Platinum Carthage,
and he said the episode occurred at Tytony,
and he was so upset that he called Miami Beach Police 911 to complain.
He called 911 to complain about that.
I think we ought to complain about him.
911 is an emergency number, sir.
It's not for somebody that like charged you a tip
that you weren't too happy about, or you weren't unhappy at their comments.
Maybe it was a racial emergency.
You think so?
Thompson went to the inner Saturday night
with Teresa L. White, 48, a supervisor at American Express Travel Related Services.
Both of them are shorts that are black,
suppose.
They ordered sake, spring rolls, and a spicy snapper.
No wonder he was pissed off, huh?
Maybe it wasn't a spicy, he thought it was going to be.
I had just tasted your snapper.
Wow.
What a thought that is.
Enough to make me gag.
I'll tell you that.
The waiter handed Thompson the check, $51 stamped with the words,
for your convenience, 15% returity is added, the tip $7.65.
And see, $51, I would have automatically,
I mean, assuming the service was good, and it was an okay place,
I would have, I would get a lot of $10 tip.
Wouldn't you?
No, not you.
You wouldn't have been eating in this place.
I don't like Thai food.
You don't like Thai food?
But I am a generous person.
How about Thai Tony?
You know him?
I love the way that I was saying that.
I was great.
Hey, you know Thai Tony?
How you doing, Thai Tony?
That's the name of the restaurant.
Very strange name, but it's THAI.
They also have a Hebrew, they have a kosher, a Thai restaurant called,
Thai Tony.
Thompson said he questioned the gratuity because he had dined at Thai Tony in the past,
and never saw a tip out of thematically.
A white couple received a check in nearby table, he said,
and he asked to see it as they paid with an American Express Platinum card.
The tip was not included.
How do you like that?
I asked to speak to the manager, Thompson said.
A man came over and introduced himself as Tony, the owner.
Oh!
I said, I want to know why my check was stamped, and there was not.
He said, you people do not tip well.
Ha ha ha ha ha!
Maybe he knows Ross Piro.
You people?
Don't tip well.
You people?
I said, excuse me, he said it again.
Black people don't tip well.
As Thompson quietly left to call, what is it?
Where's the rest of this goddamn thing?
Well, there's Al Guttman, by the way, I was going to talk about him.
He's the hero of the Cuban Oiles.
He's also going to jail.
Where the hell is the right, oh, here it is.
As he left quietly to call 911, the owner repeated his words to white.
He pulled up here up across from me and sat down.
He said, I'm yellow, you're black, and he's Latin, meaning the waiter was Latin.
I said, what do you mean, sir?
He said, our experience is that your kind of people don't tip well.
You're kind of people.
And my waiter's depend on your tip.
God, I'm gagging on it to slinge him.
I think it was Arsenaq in that one.
She said, she asked him where he was from and he said, Japan.
I said, do you understand what you're saying?
He said, well, it's the truth.
Let me ask you, they have any sparses in Japan?
Probably not too many.
They have a lot of golf courses.
Who most their lugs?
By then, three officers arrived on bicycles, two interview Thompson and white officer Tim Rol, no relation to spring.
Went inside to talk to the owner, Hiromi Tony Takarata.
The officer asked him to explain.
He said, I put a gratuity on the check.
I asked him to put the gratuity on everybody's check.
I just put the gratuity on people's check.
I just don't think tipko, those people don't tipko.
Those people don't tipko, meaning sparsers.
The officer asked him to explain what he meant by those people.
He said, black people don't tipko.
That's our poll question today.
By the way, you sparsers out there tipko or what?
What's a good tip at the church's chicken?
I mean, at a good restaurant.
Is a church's chicken or bow jangles?
That's him.
Which one is in?
Both of them.
He said, black people don't tipko.
I explained to that discrimination.
That's just because people are a certain color.
It doesn't mean you can charge them extra.
He said, I know, but these people don't tipko.
Rolls said he was stunned and sympathetic.
What the owner of the restaurant didn't know is that my wife is black.
Roll and X-Marine is married to the Mami-Dade Sergeant.
Police Christine Sammon Roll.
That's her name.
Sammon hyphen roll.
Like spring roll.
No, he may not be related to spring roll, but he is related to Sammon Roll.
Although California Raysword, I'm not making this up.
He's married to Mami-Dade Police Sergeant Christine Sammon Roll.
Roll told Thompson there was nothing he could do as a copy.
He handed him his business card and said, if you need me, I will testify.
I want to testify.
That's what the parliament said.
Remember that record?
No.
Maybe they'll play that on smegwa.
Talker wanted to not return repeated causes.
Restaurant and residents Monday and Tuesday.
Yoko Lipson, head waitress, another talker on a restaurant.
Tony Sushi also on South Beach said her boss was in New York and couldn't be reached for comment.
What was her name?
Yoko.
Talker made the hero of 1989 on a news story about the scarcity of black waiters or waitresses in South Beach restaurants.
He said many blacks lack the proper attitude and energy to service customers.
Thompson retained a lawyer, Stephen Kuzlowski.
I'm flabbergasted that this was so blatant, Kuzlowski said.
It runs the foul of federal and state civil rights acts which prevents discrimination in public accommodations.
He said he will file a complaint with the Florida Commissioner Commission on Human Relations.
I was going, air Steve.
Howard Simon, executive director of the ACLU of Florida said, you have to have been comatose during a civil rights revolution in this country in the 60s or have a totally deadensense of justice.
Not to know that you shouldn't discriminate against people on a basis of some racial stereotypes.
It's sad.
Thompson said he received a revised check with a tip deleted he paid in cash.
Oh, I'd vitally speak to paying in cash, remember last week I was talking about public, about supermarkets and then I have a, if they have an express lane, they ought to mean it cash only.
Guess what's in my software, uh, uh, uh, publics?
Cash only express like, thank you guys.
You're the best.
See, I talk.
They listen.
Anyway, although he said he ordinarily leaves at least 20% of apologetically informed the waiter he would not be tipping, I want you to be angry with your boss, he said I want you to be pissed off at the boss kick him in the ass.
That's Laney.
I backed.
He didn't say that.
I said.
So how do you like that?
That's our poll question today.
Thank you very much, sir, for a tie Tony.
I had no idea what he was talking about, even though I read the story this morning.
What do you think about some, uh, jat that comes over here and starts picking on darkies? What do you think about that?
Got some goddamn nerve, don't you think?
Five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's a mobile in western.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
Did you see our buddy, uh, the little weasel Jim Gray last night on the world's theory?
No, I did not.
I didn't watch the world series.
I was watching hockey last night.
I mean, the, the gagging choking grave, no matter what the score was, you knew they were going to lose.
So why waste your time watching?
Yeah, I just wanted to see if, uh, he backpedaled because he initially said in the papers, I'm not going to apologize.
Well, he did in the paper that, in the paper this morning, he said he didn't give kind of a look.
Oh, he did.
I watched it.
It was a little half-hearted.
He said, if the interview went on too long and I took some of the joy out of the occasion, I apologize.
That's not the deal.
He's in the process of the interview.
Right.
The fact that he was interrogating and brow-beating and not just doing an interview on what was supposed to be a very affestive occasion.
Right.
The fact that he's in major pickle.
Yeah, he's in the piece of crap.
He's got the personality of a dead, uh, a worm.
I'll tell you that right now.
Yeah.
But I, um, I've been in the restaurant business before and, uh, it's, it might be stereotypical, but black people don't tip, uh, I mean, it's not all black people, but...
Most.
Yeah.
Well, I don't think he was burnt by the manager.
He probably burnt by the spicy snapper.
Okay.
Have a great day.
Sure.
A quote while you were ahead.
5667-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Do black people tip poorly?
That's our question.
Uh-huh.
No, I'm not going to answer.
That's a, uh-huh.
Only one South Florida radio station has a...
You're listening to it.
Hey, Goldberg.
Weekday afternoon to two.
Sports radio 560-
Q-A-A.
Thanks forever.
To get that taste and smell out of your system.
Hey, Ricky, I don't know how to hear your stupid song, I'm Ricky.
I'm Ricky.
I'm Ricky.
I'm Ricky, when you're down the Sun, see catching your fancy Ricky.
I'm Ricky.
I'm Ricky.
You can't hear me.
Hey.
Woo!
I've gone to my station.
You got me all wrong.
I've just come to your station.
Do you like girls at all?
You're one of those things that I'm excited about.
You can run away.
You can take too long before I fly right away.
You can't hear me.
Hey.
You hide inside like a Oreo party farmer.
It's time to find your ex Oreo party farmer.
Oreo party farmer.
Hey, Ricky, tell me why you're still in circumcisedly Ricky.
Hey, Ricky.
I'll send a certain woman, get away when you scream.
There's no proposition.
This girl's not your friend.
I made you think out too much of a party where you hide.
Hopefully you'll both jump in and make you like a guy.
And you're a special guy.
You hide inside like a Oreo party farmer.
Oh.
It's time to find your ex Oreo party farmer.
Oreo party farmer.
33 at 560 WQM we got Hank Inns studio with 2.
We got the Bookster 6 to 7.
Islanders, you're at the Panthers tonight.
By the way, how come we haven't heard about Pavel Brey playing that yet?
The end of the show this morning we're saying,
well after practice we don't have to wait for game time.
And after practice we'll find the decision.
We had a call about it yet.
No.
Yeah, farmer by the way assures you that Pavel Brey will play tonight.
Told me that it's getting this free meal at Pizza Loft last night.
You said if Pavel don't play tonight and you're upset he'll give you free refund at the door on the way out.
Anybody believe him?
No.
So anyway, how is that spring roll guy doing, huh?
What kind of salmon roll?
I know Esther roll.
You think she's kind of salmon roll?
No.
So that's our poll question today.
Thank you sir by the way for arguing.
I didn't understand what you were talking about there for about the first 20 minutes.
Reminding me about the Taitoni story.
Makes a great poll question.
Who's the worst tippers, the frogs, the French Canadians,
Schwarches or old Jews?
Now that's tough, huh?
Here's Fort Myers, hello.
Wait a minute that ain't it.
Okay, I said here's Fort Myers.
I'm going to have to get used to that line.
Hello.
Hello Neil.
Yes sir.
Yeah, we're originally from Canada and I had some friends down here.
We went over to the Naples Registry and they did that same thing to us out of the 15% on automatically.
And our waiters told us that anytime Canadians or Germans come in,
that's just their standard practice.
Oh right.
That's what Germans should have been on the list too.
They're terrible tippers, right?
And by the way, if you go to Germany, they do have the tip automatically included as it will be over there.
And most of you are.
Well, let's film my material now.
Okay, thank you sir.
Okay, there you go.
The French Canadians, baby, don't take them to the restaurant with you because you'll get sucked in unless they're willing to pay your tip, which of course they won't.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line and 8, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, Neil, any IL, on a brand new out of town line that works in a few places.
Phoenix and the Flores, South Florida.
And St. Pete.
Here's Hialia, hello.
When Roy took OJ and those other people to dinner and used the QAM credit card, did he add 50%, he used the QAM credit card?
Well, how do you know he didn't use the cash from the golf tournament?
He probably used that.
Maybe that's where it went.
I was wondering, did you think like, it's private?
I bet you had that big tip.
I bet you didn't know that somebody else's money is probably even a big one.
Do you, in private, do you think OJ says to him like, listen?
You know I did it, but I'm glad that you support me in everything.
But of course I did it.
I could be so stupid.
I don't know. I don't think so.
I think he's into Nile.
He wouldn't wear those ugly ass shoes.
Yeah.
No.
Okay, thanks.
You know something.
I don't know if it's that Slim Jim or maybe my flu is on the way out there.
I've been fighting for two weeks.
But I'm having a real grumbling, just a little advanced warning.
I always like to give you warning.
Of course, our breaks are long enough.
I can go out there with no problem at all.
And have plenty of time left over to come rushing right back in.
No sweat at all.
Here's a mobile in deer field.
Hello.
Hello, Nile.
Yes.
I'm calling to take your poll.
Yes.
I'm going to answer your question.
I'm listening.
How about the shavards?
Is that tipping?
Yes.
I've been waiting on tables for years in there.
They're absolutely worst differs.
How do you like that?
Absolutely.
And for another even worse than French Canadians?
That's a close second.
They're tied, I think.
They're tied for the lowest tips.
If you get 10% you're real lucky.
What kind of a restaurant you work in?
A four-star restaurant.
Really?
Yes.
Well, first of all, see, I don't understand why cheap tippers go into a nice restaurant in the first place.
Why don't they go to McDonald's?
Well, the French Canadians, they try to play it off like they think it's included.
Like the Europeans, you know?
Right.
But the shavards, they're born and raised here.
They know better.
Yeah, I don't see too many American sparsas traveling around Europe.
I haven't encountered any other mentions.
Exactly.
So, you know, I could see why the Canadians and Europeans, and they have some of them excuse, but I have to start.
Is there an actual...
Okay, one vote for the show is we got you down, pal.
Nice, sir.
And have a great day.
See, this guy brought it on himself.
I mean, no, the guy is wrong.
He's got no right to do that.
But it is, it's an issue.
Maybe Black Americans, whatever the hell they want to call themselves this week.
Maybe they need a little bit of education.
If you're going to go to a restaurant, especially a nice one, I mean,
if the dinner for two was 51 bucks, it can't be too shabby of a place.
The Taitoni place, whatever the hell it is.
Rigatoni place.
So, you're going to go in there if you can afford 51 bucks for a meal.
You can afford a leave-in-a-sion tip.
Don't be leaving like a buck and a half.
The frogs, they'll have to be the worst.
I mean, you see these people in a group, like eight of them, ten of them.
$100 check, $150 check, leaving a dollar tip, $0.50, $1.75.
You know what?
You know what?
I think I ought to be done right there on a spot, okay?
That, of course, is after they try to get like the salad bar...
And by the way, it is open season on frogs is what I just heard the governor say.
Frog hunting season in Florida.
Not that we want to scare any of the French Canadians away, but...
Plus, you're a loonies and tunis in worth of crap.
Here's a mobile and four-letter deal.
Hello.
Hey, Neil. Good morning.
Yes, sir.
I used to bartend and I had a couple of black customers that were very, very good tippers,
very good customers.
But for the most part, I had very, very demanding African-American customers.
They haven't tipped anything.
Now, I disagree with what the guy did at the restaurant.
It should be across the board.
But I also have, I'm out of the bar business now, and I have another situation where...
At work, where you order Chinese food right away.
We love Chinese food.
And we go in this group and everyone pays their tap, not for a little extra for the tip.
And we had to cut one woman out, African-American, because she refused to pay the tax on her food and the tips.
So, yeah, I have a problem with...
How could you refuse to pay the tax?
She wanted to pay just what was listed in the book in the menu.
Right.
And no tip.
She didn't leave in tipping.
Oh, my God.
If the guy didn't like that, you know, not getting a tip, he should get a new job with her philosophy, the delivery guy.
But especially the bar, they were very demanding making the most long-alolized teas.
Mostly, I had one customer that would come in almost every week, every Saturday night,
and order four long-alolized teas.
That takes just a few moments when you're busy.
And they've got a tip for them.
I complained to my manager.
My manager told me I was a dick.
I don't know if he gets a guy good service.
So, I mean, that's the...
I say the gun lover's out there, got a good point.
I say, anybody who works in a service business in this state ought to be armed at all times.
So, I mean, I haven't had a chance to really work with the French Canadians,
but I've heard horror stories from hell, from people that have.
So, I only have the experience with the black people, they're bad, bad, tippers.
Okay, thanks a lot, pal.
Probably who good-bye.
Twenty before noon at 5.60 WQM, but I'm going to tell you.
Wow, am I going to run out of here in a second or what?
Yo, man, what's up with GoFaCott, Dimash Pooh?
Well, when you come to my house every time you ask to use the phone and let you in that fight.
But when you don't do all this for you, if they hide,
there's every special thing to do.
I surprise who went to drive the street and showed with little glass,
and just prepared for you to watch.
Oh, I'm going to run out of here.
Oh, I'm going to run out of here.
Oh, I'm going to run out of here.
Oh, I'm going to run out of here.
We're here at the labour on the tank in the,
what's your call for a girl to be plus when getting close.
That's where the five turns to you.
It's a seat.
Your number is starting on the seat.
You should get up without a panel,
and we're opening hearts just to have the girls.
Stop.
Okay, 16th of noon at 5.60 WQM.
Everything came out okay.
Minister charged with raping boy just received this from the Tampa Tribune.
Plant city.
A teenage member of a church youth group says the pastor read a sexual relationship
with him two years ago.
The pastor of the Crook United Methodist Church was arrested Tuesday afternoon,
accused of raping a 14 year old member of his congregation on church grounds.
How do you like them, apples, huh?
There's no fact in the church.
The arrest of James, wait till you hear this name.
You thought that spring roll salmon roll was bad?
The arrest of James Hugg 29 is the second in five days in which a Tampa area
Methodist minister has been charged with child sex offenses.
Hillsborough County Sheriff's Major Gary Terry said Hugg,
who was in the second year of his first church assignment,
had a five month sexual relationship with the youth who was now 16.
None of the incidents occurred within the past year.
Terry said the youth broke off the sexual relationship and just recently cut off all contact with the minister
who oversees the congregation's youth group.
Detectives are investigating whether there are more victims than it goes on and on and on.
Just another one of those isolated incidents proving there's no fact in the church.
Be on a shadow of a doubt.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line, 877785 Neal, online 9 out of town line.
See I got all worked up and whipped up about that.
We may not need that line anyway.
Huh? Even a novelty of it today.
I mean for the first 15 minutes it was very exciting and very traumatic.
And now that's it. Not even not a touch.
Not a lick.
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Okay.
Third time caller.
51 year old black man.
Within a bar business is almost 20 years.
Yes sir.
And people do have a problem with tipping sometimes.
They just don't understand if you get good service, you give a good tip.
Well how much should the black people generally tip?
Like 5%?
I don't know. My stock.
I go minimum 20 because I was in the business.
That's what I expect.
I mean used to be 15 was kind of standard but I would say that now most of us if you got a few bucks
and you can afford to eat in a decent place, 20% is pretty much standard.
Well that's not figure like that. 20 if I get great service I'll leave in 25.
Well I like the people I might even leave more.
Wow.
But like I said I'm probably an isolated person only because you know I've got a college degree
and I was in the business before and I'm not from South Florida.
Right.
So that probably makes a lot of difference.
Oh yeah it's already knocked a couple of strikes off your list.
Okay thanks a lot pal.
Alright feel it.
There you go so that you've verdict so far is overwhelming that you blight you darkies out there.
You people, you people you're cheap you know tip good huh?
Now when you go to the fruit standard you're supposed to leave like the wet watermelon seeds on the table there?
Is that the way you do it or what?
That's not counted as part of the tip.
I hate to break the news to you.
That do not be counted as part of the tip.
The watermelon seeds.
No that won't do it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
No seriously I think he made a good point lack of education.
I think of when they came in this place if you just said hey you darkies by the way 15 or 20% please that's the way real people tip.
That would be or maybe just put it on a menu.
You don't have to single any group.
I'll just say for those of you not too educated those of you not too with too many social races don't be cheap and leave you know a decent tip.
And then if not get to hell out now before we start.
Here's Weston.
Hello.
Hey how you doing Dale?
Great.
You know I'm going to answer your poll question about who's worst the black people, the French Canadians, the old Jews.
Usually black people it's no tip.
With the French Canadians you get two diamonds and with the old Jews you get two quarters.
Oi!
But the that's the reason I think that they have for large groups of people they have that standard 15%
because black people didn't have more children than the other groups.
That's a good point too.
What if a whole bunch of black people go into what I was going to say Denny's but that's not a good example.
What if they go into a joint like that'll serve them like lags or something like that.
And they got like 16 kids or something.
And the tab comes like 140 bucks or something like that.
You know what you know I mean the 20% of that's a lot of cash.
Well the way my old man used to handle it is if you got some black people he would always put some queens next to you because they tip great.
Yes, queens do tip for you.
Well in fact that's going to be tomorrow's poll.
Who is the best tiper is obviously queens at the top of the list.
That's right we tip big.
Okay.
I like the big tips.
It's possible could you play Virgin Mary?
I love that.
Can do pal.
And have a great day.
And don't be picking up my good friend Virgin Mary.
But don't let me forget about that book by the way.
So I feel so much better now that I got to first in the several parts series of dumb son of my life.
And you know something Georgia I think you lied to me about these halls of sugar free.
I don't think you lied to me I just think that somewhere somewhere if you look real close at the fine print there will be something on this list here that will tell you because I've been.
I've been on these all morning in the sugar free halls too.
And I have a feeling that that was only the first in the series first in a long long series.
Ken's guide to the Bible baby Ken Smith on blast books paperback.
Everything you need to know about one of the most gross test ugliest violin books ever written in history.
And of course it's not just a book it's a series of books as he points out in here.
It's a series of different books and even letters.
66.
Yeah, but don't be confused with the facts.
Okay.
Oh, the good book says.
Yeah, sure.
Thank God there's no brainwashed people in this world.
You know, it makes me feel a lot more secure about life.
Here's Lighthouse Point.
Hello.
Lighthouse Point.
Yes, yes, sir.
I'm in the service business near a long time listener.
All right.
This is funny you brought this up because me and my girlfriend both are in the industry while we're in the school.
And old Jews, not so bad because what do you lose them when they split a burger?
Mm-hmm.
And I lose it anything.
Like my aunt, yeah.
First Canadian 10% cross the board.
Black people, the worst because you don't know what you're getting.
You can get nothing or 55 to 15% but they run your ass.
And gay men and my instance, they're the best tippers.
Yeah.
All right.
I stand on my laurels.
Okay, thank you, sir.
God bless you.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You know how we know about tips, baby.
For the expert on tips.
I've seen some beautiful tips all over the world.
Here's a mobile in Pembert Pine.
Hello.
Hello.
We're learning mail.
Yes, sir.
Did you read that article in regards to these people in America?
They are increasing.
Yes, sir.
I have it in my hand right now.
It's going to bring that up.
But then, of course, we got tied up with each part I mean with this thing.
U.S. losing battle with the balls.
Yes, I have, sir.
Yeah, I have.
getting the line in the article says americans are getting fatter and fatter is
what it says
the solution now is to come up with a tax on the high-fat food
that's what they are proposing
tax on the high-fat food
yeah high-fat food is what's making people fat they already know that
exactly so they don't get the carbos are the
the guilty party right
there you go your government the american dietetic association
american i've been his association
these are the moreons who are making sure that america stays fat
exactly i had your problem like uh... eighteen months ago
i started the atkins i lost a lot of weight and uh... keep keep it down
they still don't get it okay keep it up now
okay thank you
all you know that was only the first
all i'm gonna be can we just bring a portapoddy in here now it's these it's
things
i'm telling you man every there's no such thing as sugar free anything that
doesn't have something that'll make it
happier brains out
seriously
it's okay if you got like you know a sore throat or all like uh... the food
that i'm getting over now for the last two weeks and you can stay home
if you're like close to the throne
you can suck on these all day in the halls too
but don't be going somewhere we have to like uh... be a little you know
preoccupied
because people in the hallway will be going to go to go to the goes again
uh... there goes back to again is that a way to play by way Tommy left your
sunglasses in there you left your shades in there Tommy
i was nice enough to put them on the counter
i wouldn't want to force Tommy to go back in there after i left the stick his
head in there to get his uh... shades
this matter fact i think they turn to darker shade
while i was in there i could be mistaken
here's my amy hello
or the new yes sir
hi
i eat out a lot
in the corner every corner of soft heart
and uh... you know service down here and i think it would be with this is
you know generally speaking you might have some places that have that are
exceptional but
services is very very poor and plenty it's
uh... people don't know what they're doing they don't know how to pick the
public and i can go on and on
uh... but as far as i understand
the idea of a tip is to reward good service
now what is the written that you're obligated
to give this person of reward even though you get treated treated like
sh
now that's a good point and see that's one of the reasons why in europe where
it's all and also in canada they generally include the fifteen percent
uh... i'm not that crazy about that so that's the protective people who work
there
but it's also a cover up like you see if you say somebody gives you real
crappy service you don't feel like you've been anything
absolutely and and where do you think you have to
exactly but but you can also see it from the other standpoint that if you have
a business that you happen to get a lot of people who tend to be cheap tippers
you've got a problem with your help there they're not going to want to work for
you
but where is this simulation where is the relation
where is that the uh... the motivation
uh... for the uh... server to uh... to
smile and help you and then be there when you need help and
and so in fact you got a uh... most restaurant you see very little eye contact
from the waiters it's not like that looking to help you they're looking to avoid
you it seems
and uh... why should they get that fifteen twenty percent regardless because of
that type of mentality that you see out there
anyway good show thanks
a lot to do nothing like rest of restaurant like with Chris
expensive restaurant very good one
and you get great service there
because they know they're going to get a real good
because the bill general comes to a very significant amount and uh... anybody
that anybody can afford to eat a place like that has got to leave minimum fifteen
and certainly twenty percent or more always leave at least twenty percent
the joint like that
and they give you great service
but if you get crappy service i'd be it's got to be optional but if you got a
whole series of people if you have to be like a neighborhood where you attract
like maybe or like a daniel
hollywood all a french canadians keep coming in
one after another
after another okay
you've got to do something you got to put your guy to put down
hopefully on their back home head
here's a call in the grove hello
neal how you doing today first time car alright
concerning today's poll question whether african americans are good tippers and
uh... from experience i've been in this business
nine years going on
eight and a half going on nine years yes sir and uh...
as a whole not all of them but as a whole
they are bad tippers and it gets worse
after that
on the whole
if if if the service is not as fast
if uh... the drink is not as good as they want it to be yeah
it's not because
the services that it because they are black
that's another issue that comes across
when you're when you're talking about concerning african americans
uh... you'll be all chip on the shoulders and exactly it's not it's not
because it's because of bartenders is horrible it's because
their black and the product was made bad for them and so forth and
uh... as far as good tippers of
get community get community tips well
from experience um...
biker's tip well
and i could likeers believe in the grove area
i'm speaking on the grove on the weekends they picked it up well also and
uh... you would you wouldn't think so but
we get we get
good tips from
so in other words you say you'd rather have a whole bunch of old
biker's than all kikers is what you say
uh... well not as far as that but we're just trying to say
who's good tippers are not good tippers and
that's just my little piece that's okay thanks me go thank you see a
okay there you go so far to sparsers in the french canadian's are having
real problems here the facts were number one
uh...
and the tip to
four minutes till noon at five sixty two and clear the hallway by the way
that this can't be the beginning of a whole series of these can't have
these all mental it's your fault mister
i read the thing it didn't have anything to do this all the thing
the new Roger show sports radio five sixty
you
uh...
you
that
ting
uh...
the
Because the group that I'm in, sounds like everyone else on the charts and the audience.
And we sing just like girls and we wear really tight-knit things.
We're back to J4, I'll remain in condition.
For everything's because I'm confused and got no fear.
You know what bad I made?
Maybe it's for to make the sound of the loud.
If the group sounds the same, there will be for the lady in the angel and boy in tone too.
She'll be back in tight and sound just like a fire-concealed.
It's confusing, it's confusing.
All I'm asking is just what is this thing?
Girls and girls, I can't believe it.
I don't know what to think, but I know this won't make no sense at all.
We are fast and true.
Over asking can you tell us how many?
Just we can feel it.
I'm so confused.
I'm so confused.
All right, good news from my cancer with a panther's, Bob Elbreray will play tonight.
Big score, big black guy, Peter, Peter, we're all ready.
Better be there tonight, islanders and panthers, 735 with the macaroon.
Thank God.
We're saying thank God too, we don't have to give out all those refunds.
He tried our tool free number and it didn't work.
Didn't work, sorry, sorry Scott.
You know something that we had allegedly from Phoenix?
That was somebody probably called from Greg's office, probably a setup deal to calm me down a little bit.
It's not going to work.
Parliament overturns 1912 ban on brothels in the Netherlands.
There goes those Dutch again.
Nice going guys.
Parliament on Tuesday overturned 1912 ban on brothels voting to clean up the oldest profession by turning
both the board, the board, the legitimate establishment and the booming Dutch sex industry.
By a vote of 49 to 26, the upper house approved the bill.
It officially makes it legal to run a brothel anywhere in the country, subject to local zoning ordinances.
The lower house passed the bill in February by a wide majority.
The new law aims at guaranteeing cleaner and safer working conditions for the country's estimated 30,000 prostitutes.
Prostitution is legal in the Netherlands, although board, the bill has technically had been illegal up until now.
They've been allowed to operate in clearly defined areas such as the Red Light District, Manchester and most of the major cities.
As long as they follow strict standards for health and fire safety.
But now no longer illegal, just like it should be here, right?
Right. Absolutely correct sir.
As the Dutch continue moving light years farther and farther ahead of us, as we continue worrying about our war on drugs.
And operating our little scams out there with the Johns and the hookers on Biscayne and Federal Highway.
5-6705-60, pound 5-60 on the AT&T wireless line. Mobile in Naples, hello.
Neil, how you doing? Pretty good sir.
Well, I wish I'd have found your show before I spent $3,000 on a car stereo, but you know.
That's your right good point.
The dark community over in the side of the state, the little lacking.
But as far as we go, I have a bar over here and the Spanish community seems to be our weak point.
Really? Really.
It's rare to see a black person that has barred on here unless you head out towards four mires or something.
But Naples is pretty rare.
And I would have to say, probably agree with the gay men over here too.
Number one.
Number one.
More number one man.
In some aspects.
Right.
Questions. Do you guys have the Jeff Gordon and Gay song?
Yes we do.
You get a chance he played today?
Absolutely sir.
Thanks, Dale.
And here is a good tip or two.
Hey, what about Peter Warrill? How's he tip?
He's playing the night pal.
He's doing it.
He's going to bring the big tip.
Hey stand up for your for my St. Louis Rams too.
Okay.
So yeah.
5, 6, 7, 05.
Well listen, we said we'd be getting calls from around the state we didn't guarantee they'd be great.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Here's a call from Gainesville.
Hello.
Hey, Nail.
Yes sir.
Okay, I just wanted to let you know that up here in Gainesville, the phone's working.
All right.
And all the people in Gainesville who are listening to you down from South Florida, we're all able to call now.
And I think it's wonderful.
I've called you a couple times on my dime.
And now it's great that I'm calling on there done.
Yeah, in fact, the encouragement to call we want to run up a big building around these cheap bastards.
Oh definitely.
I'm lining them up for another fraternity houses right now.
Okay, sounds good to me.
But they got to put pants on so it's not easy.
Okay, amigo.
But I just wanted to let you know that I ordered some stuff from your website.
Great.
And it hasn't come yet, though.
And not that it hasn't been charged.
I've checked and it hasn't been taken out of my account or anything.
And I ordered it like the first week that you were able to get it online.
Yeah, but don't forget we were in limbo for a while because the first batch of CDs were all screwed up.
So you'll get them.
I hope so.
Okay.
And just one to let you know if you ever want to come to Gainesville, we have a speakers bureau.
If you ever want to come and speak to all the students and tell them how the world really is, we'd love to have you.
Okay, only if I can run with JP.
I'll see what I can do.
Work on it.
Okay.
Okay, see you.
Bye, Dan.
He's working on it and probably JP is too.
56670560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line that brand new toll free number for the entire universe as far as Gainesville maybe.
And St. Pete, 877785 Neal, any IO, 8777856345.
Here's the lady in Bay Harbor Island.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, Neal Rogers.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi.
Listen, I'd like to tell you that being a woman of color, I'd like to differ because in my personal experience alone or in a group of people, there are great tippers in the professional and business world.
Yeah.
Especially I don't know if someone down somewhere that can't really afford a pipe frankly teeth and just die not regularly during the week.
I'd also like to say that in fact to generalize an entire race as poor tippers is completely unfair.
But there's always one or two that, you know, spoil it.
Well, for instance, Asians, okay, they're not journalists.
They're nice.
And quite frankly, a few years ago in Japan, many corporations that had to have executives who were traveling to the US began instructing them to tip because they obviously had heard about all the complaints that Japanese people in particular were very bad tippers.
Well, that certainly makes it look even worse for this guy from a Taitonis doesn't, since he happens to be Japanese, Qsaka motor, whatever his name was.
Well, I bet my life that what he might be, but I'm sure the owner is not Japanese because normally Japanese people have Japanese restaurants and they don't serve Thai food.
You will find in nine cases that Thai people open up their restaurants and add a sushi bar.
Yeah, well, we don't want to generalize them.
Of course not, but I get nine on a pizza.
And in closing, all I wanted to say to you is that my boyfriend, I drove all the way out to Pizza Law last night and we purchased a CD and three key chains.
And I'd like to say that I found you really most hospitable, took a photo and you also signed a picture for me.
Well, your boyfriend is the photographer for the Pantergames, right? For sports channel?
Oh, you have a very good memory, yeah.
Yes, I do.
And also the thing that most impressed me is that when I left, we shook hands and you have really, really soft hands.
I have a soft grip.
So that's all I want to say.
Okay, sweetheart, have a good day.
And tell them to keep your morocals set.
Okay.
Thanks.
I have a soft delicate touch.
You know, Bob Neal.
And by the way, speaking of that, I didn't see Jacob there last night.
He won't see him no more, I guess.
Well, I scared him away.
Let's work on somebody else.
560-560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless lens.
Let's go through my mother.
First of all, it's a battery.
First of all, it's a battery.
Thousands of folks depend on you.
And the powers you pose at.
Think you save his life.
We just like his or her life.
It's inside of dark for you to do.
First of all, it's a battery.
First of all, it's a battery.
You have a brand new style too.
We love the way you want your doom.
With the big B on your chest.
And with the green to light red.
Let's make those little friends.
First of all, it's a battery.
First of all, it's a battery.
First of all, it's a battery.
We're going to speed up our good selves.
Then to that guy straight to hell.
When the building starts too low.
You're going to speed up your rushing thrice on fighting.
And then to that guy straight to hell.
And then to that guy straight to hell.
Oh, so who's our worst differs today?
Spokes are the gooks.
That's our poll question now.
I've never been to Asia, but I would assume that they're just like in Europe.
Probably the 15% is added on automatically.
Maybe I'm right, maybe I'm wrong.
Maybe one of our world travelers will call us and tell us but I doubt it.
So Rimmer took a bunch of pork rinds last night after we left the pizza off after his cream meal and their free meal button.
And he all had their footsteps.
But what do you mean with your blessing?
Well, we have a forward giant box of those things.
Who are you going to be blessing, Mr.?
I'm just trying to have that.
Are you...
Junior now?
With your blessing?
I was going to slap all those things around for 100 years.
No, I would have taken some home.
I had a nice corvette there.
There's a whole other box.
Yeah.
I would have been glad to take him home.
They're very good.
What's the kid's name, by the way, that wears the braves.
Oh, he must be suicidal, they buy...
Nice blowjob again last night, sweetheart.
You know, the kid that brought the pork rinds.
He brings us to stuff now in it.
Gary.
Gary.
Thank you, Gary. You're a good guy, but I'm sorry.
Your team still chokes and gags.
You can hear the choking and gagging and puking sounds of braves all over America now.
Oh, my God.
They're gagging on it.
So Rimmer took some of the pork rinds, huh?
I'm writing all these things down, you know.
Yeah, so we have our buttons now, the needle buttons.
Which they're okay.
They've got eight different sounds here from the show.
And if you want, you just hold your...
Keep your thumb on it, and it repeats.
If you ever had that, you keep your thumb on it, and it keeps working.
Yeah, just keep your thumb on it.
If you want to repeat it over and over again.
And the sound, too.
And Greg kept paging that over the intercom yesterday.
We're going to hell that he get one.
Did we get his 20 bucks?
He got one from his nephew.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
So did we get any information about the money from the golf term yet, by the way,
after I went through a whole song of the dance here around a year?
No.
No.
We want an accounting guy, damn it.
We want to know where the money is from that freaking golf term,
because the people that sent it one want the guy damn money as in right now.
I will I give it to you.
Well, we want it.
We want a number.
I will I give it to you.
You know who wouldn't know?
Roy!
5, 6, 7, 0, 5.
Boy, I bet they had a great meal with the ass to it.
I like the guy said before.
I wonder how much of a tip they left that night.
Oh, Jay, huh?
You leave a big one.
Here's Sunrise.
Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Pretty good, sir.
All right.
Let me tell you this.
I've been in our waiting room for like four years now for an AC pro show.
I do some a lot of advertising for.
Right.
And I'll keep it away for the worst tippers.
How do you like this?
Sparks are bad tippers.
Here's the proof of it right here.
I mean, there's actually good tippers.
I don't want to let them into Denny's.
Right.
Here's the good thing about the coutuity is half of them can even read the ticket like when
I drop it off on a port of eight or more.
Right.
First there's eight separate checks that begin with because they don't want to pay for each other.
And then I'll call him to over and say what the coutuity mean like that.
I'll say that means you have to take me.
What do you get to what he'd be meaning?
What the coutuity mean I'd say.
That means you have to take me now.
So I'm actually a lot of time since they can't read the ticket on the double tip of me because
they don't know what's added.
So on a hundred dollar check I end up making seventeen instead of fifteen.
All right.
And one quick story from the weekend.
My buddy is way on two of them about the Long Islands.
He makes them two top shelf Long Island iced teas.
It comes over to the bartender saying how they're complaining they don't need any liquor or fiony thing.
So the bartender takes a walk over the table.
He used to say there's one sip taken from the Long Island.
So we just before that you know you got to drink it the fiony thing.
I would have kicked him in the back.
Do you feel anything now?
Oh yeah.
They don't leave you like you know thirty five cents a chance and off the road I'm saying you know that's my car out for and I don't take the bus.
Okay pal.
Yeah.
Have a nice day.
Good luck to you.
Let me tell you what I'll take.
I'll take the car for a month or so or any day.
Okay.
Later.
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line.
Yeah.
Fags and dikes.
Yeah.
We went in the jackpot today.
We know how to tip and you want to know why because we got the bucks.
That's right.
That's why straight America is so jealous of us bags because we don't have all these you know spouses and children and all these expenses you know maybe a couple of dogs that are expensive but nevertheless.
Five six seven oh five sixty here's four Myers on the new bat line.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
How are you doing today?
Great.
Curve on your no tippers.
I've used to bark and over at the of any can over here in four buyers for many years.
Right.
Farm hawker box of beta term.
They'll come in the order the best take on the menu as soon as they were well done with a side of ketchup.
You know there's no tip coming.
Well done to the side of ketchup.
I mean why even bother ordering a demonic or a New York strip.
Well done.
You can decide a ketchup boy.
I bring him yesterday shoes is what I bring.
That's what they need.
Actually you know what to on a surprising note is attorney's lawyers.
Really?
They whip out that whatever gold platinum diamond lace card on 50 $80 a tade of vinyl all their friends drinks and you get two bucks off it you're lucky.
I'd rather have the locals paid for their own.
Those must be dumb attorneys that don't have a real bit of Spencer count.
I don't know they're just cheap.
I just think that you know we're supposed to worship the fact that they're there and they're a eventually suits.
Oh yeah I'm impressed.
Okay thanks a lot pal.
Thank you.
Hang in there.
Okay they're pretty excited about this new one of toll free 800 number aren't they excited?
No.
Well we are.
We had some action on there.
We had at least for our Fort Myers people and Naples and Port Charlotte.
Hush hush Port Charlotte.
That's right.
That's what I always say.
When you get a lot of line.
So coming to find out we have had except for our my very good friend there and she was a very nice lady and her boyfriend is a very nice young man who does a he does the handheld.
He holds it by hand in the camera too at the Panther Games.
Very nice couple over by the pizza lot last night but she seems to be the odd lady out today.
And you know you don't please don't take it personally don't take it as an offense just because we have a lot of people call today saying sparks is our cheap and because it's on the front page of the paper there and because this tytony got a little bit carried away.
And if he's somebody to talk and his sister-in-law there was Peggy Sue Roll or whatever her name was.
Esther Roll, Sam and whatever.
That was she Jamaican that nice lady.
Did she have a bit of a.
I don't think she was Jamaican.
Was she Jamaican?
No she was very nice she couldn't have been Jamaican.
No seriously so how much of a tip do you leave when you get the like jerk pork?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60.
No seriously have you ever been in Jamaican restaurant you always get a meat crab for not go into Cuban restaurants which I won't go to.
Have you ever been in Jamaican food but at Jamaican houses?
Not restaurants.
At Jamaican houses?
At Jamaican's house.
No I'm not talking about weed I'm talking about food.
Yes.
Yeah.
The meat pies and...
You buy them at a Jamaican house?
How does that work?
I go to a Jamaican friend at what I've been to his house for dinner many times.
What does that have to do with whole eating?
I have to have the food that I haven't been to.
I haven't been to a Jamaican restaurant.
Finding out about the tipping habits of our Jamaican friends.
Maybe they leave a little number on the table.
I'd make a big problem tipping.
In high school we would have to wrestle him down and take the money physically out of the box.
Have you like that?
Just take it out of his pocket and the money too.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
concerning the sexual orientation of scout masters has made it nearly impossible for the average parents to know what kind of scouting experience their son can expect.
But one organization has arisen to make things perfectly clear.
The gay scouts.
Okay, Troops, time to set up camp!
I'm pitching it, Jennifer.
The gay scouts will teach your son the art of self-preservation in the wild.
Oh, I'm in a new match, old light. How are we gonna get this fire going?
That's okay. We can make our own body hate.
When your son joins the gay scouts, he'll hear late night ghost stories.
And when the severed body was found, he was wearing a ton of Quran on some with clashing the pelts that have been out of season since Labor Day.
Oh, that was the scariest thing I ever heard!
So if you want your son to bond with other like-minded young men, have him join the gay scouts today, where our motto is...
Be prepared to strut your staff!
Okay!
Profferty 1 at 560 WQM. So guess what the favorite new thing is that they like me to sign on those stupid picture cards?
The new line?
Were you fudged back in?
Oh yeah, that was number one by a minute miles last night.
Which I think most of these guys can relate to, to be honest with you.
Certainly on the giving end. Is that on the giving end?
No! Well, some end.
So anyway, speaking of that, speaking of the chocolate thunder from down under, I'm trying to save as much as I can because it is Wednesday and vote them on these for once today.
And I want to save as much as I can for her.
Well, you know, I'm such a big eater. I go there and eat those gigantic meals every Wednesday.
And then she gives me something to take home, and then she sure I'm eating that too.
The same day.
So maybe I can go there and leave her a little deposit, okay?
Especially the kind that like splatters the bottom of the seat. Those are my favorites.
See, I don't worry about it because I got a maid that comes every Tuesday.
She's paid to do stuff like that.
But my mom, she might have to clean the bottom of the toilet seat.
Here's a call in Naples. Hello?
Nail.
Yes, sir.
Buddy, I haven't heard anybody talk about how Mexican's set and things like that.
Well, we don't have too many Mexicans over here.
Well, Mexican Puerto Ricans queue in the cave.
Oh, I'm ported. I'll start with the Puerto Ricans if George all booked up into our friends again.
George, don't ask for a propina.
Cubans are over-tippers.
And they like to make a big flash. She's show up at the airport.
I'll have to follow you.
I just, in my experience over here, I work for a restaurant.
I actually deliver pizzas.
But I know that the waitresses are always packing on 15% to Mexicans that sit down in the restaurant
because they know that it's not going to happen otherwise.
And then when I deliver, you know, I can't say anything.
But even if they do speak English, I don't get anything either way.
But it's that luck, you know, that's not coming.
I can feel it.
You know, Buddy, what's your website so I can score one of those little speaker deals?
neo-rangers.com.
All right. Shameless request?
Yes, sir.
Keep them through the keyhole.
All right. You got it.
All right.
And have a great day.
Well, I've talked to line 9 of smoking now, baby.
And of course, it's only in state for part of the state.
Some of the state gains.
Feel that's good.
You know, what am I complaining about?
I mean, that guy who called from Phoenix allegedly.
Maybe he was either lucky in slip-through or maybe like I said, he was in Greg's office and putting on an act and the line about it.
Because Cincinnati can get through.
No.
Boston. No.
Montreal. No. Toronto. No.
No. No.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
On the AT&T wireless line.
So the only people that we've heard are really good tippers are fags.
That's what we've heard today.
All of us, uh, homo-sexuals.
Fags and bullbikes.
Big tippers, baby.
We know how to treat people.
And of course, because of the fact that there's so many fags that work in restaurants as waiters, right?
You know, we got to take care of our own.
I'm not saying that I would ever tip a waiter extra money just because he had to look at real swishy.
But, oh, do you hear that?
Can you hear the grumbling talking about that chocolate thundered down under?
Wow.
You know, this is a good sign.
Oh, it's a very good sign when you've had the croit like this for, you know, about 10 days, whatever it is.
And then all of a sudden you step, oh, man, get it out of your system.
I'm serious.
That's a great sign.
I love it.
Here's Pompato Beach.
Hello.
Pompato Beach.
Hello. Yes.
Yes, sir.
I was, uh, is interesting your program about.
I was going to say keep the seat down, mom, but I guess you already have it done.
Yes, sir.
And I just got back on Australia and when I was over there, I picked up an article from a newspaper to do with a fellow called Kerry Packer.
Kerry Packer, and his brother Fudge, yeah.
He's like Rudolph Murdoch. He's a newspaper giant.
Uh-huh.
He's selling his property in England.
And in the bag of his property, he's got a polar field.
Well, the article says that, uh, where I'll be Mr. Packer once took 11 members of his polarism.
And he was a little bit of a risk.
What for a meal in the nearby pub?
It was 8.30 pm.
And the landlord said they had stopped serving.
Mr. Packer said nothing left.
Old 12 were accommodated at the next pub.
On leaving, says a friend.
Mr. Packer left a $16,000 tip and said, just make sure you make down the road here is about this.
All right.
You like that?
Now you're talking.
Yeah.
Just stick it right in his nose.
Yeah.
I was at a restaurant in Hollywood about three years ago, and I had the most terrible waiting you've ever had in your life.
Yeah.
I left my 25 cent tip when I was waiting for my car from the valley.
He came rushing out, pointing out that I made a mistake on my bill.
Yeah.
And I told him, well, no, no, no, that's 25 cents.
That's what you are.
You're a two-bit waiter.
Right.
He didn't like that.
Too bad.
I was like, too pennies usually worse like a charm.
Yeah.
That's a big one.
OK.
Tata.
OK.
There you go.
Good old bug.
Well, you frugged, Packer.
Packer, he left a $16,000 tip, right.
$567,0560, 50,60 on the AT&T wireless line.
The weekly Journal of American Medical Association which devoted an entire issue to the data of the problem of obesity,
Fat American said the highest weight increases have been among people 18 to 29.
People with higher education.
And his spanix, his spanix.
but it's study also found that a study increased with observing all states in
both sexes across all age groups raises education levels and occurred
regardless of smoking status so even if you're smoking something you're still
eating like crazy even though doctors stress the only sure fire method drop
weight is the less an exercise more even a journal the American medical
association couldn't resist hinting that there may be help in a promising
drug to fight obesity see that's always the thing with them always the thing
with the aim a with these doctors we got a drug you know it's gonna you know
brand new all kinds of horrible things like thin fan and all this a speed
all this other crap but only a drug
in a preliminary journal report once mall study indicates that or the hormone
leptin helps people achieve weight loss though some people lost no weight in
the study so it's kind of like what are they saying the data was first released
more than a year ago by amgen the company that sponsored the study because
naturally amgen once their stock to go soaring to the roof
but i'll tell you which whichever you find out for me which company is the
one which one of these pharmaceutical companies is the one that's going to
discover the real sure fire weight loss pill and we'll all get a night on
the ground floor okay and then we won't have to waste our time with this crap
anymore here's a mobile in Miami hello yes sir
African Americans absolutely the worst the proof is right in this article this
guy was insulted obviously by the owner of the restaurant but still figured
out a way in the end to stiff the waiter telling him that you know it'll
make a point yet to blame the poor waiter is though he had something to do with
the crappy attitude of the owner that's a very good point and the 911 calls
probably just the OJ syndrome also yeah I hear today he's saying he didn't make
the call also some of the the second on the list are these wealthy South
Americans that travel to the United States a lot I used to drive a cab that
give you eight bags they're like loaded with gold bricks you go to the
airport I had a thirty one dollar fair the lady gives me peels out of
crisp hundred dollar bill off of the stack I give her sixty nine dollars all
in change so even if she just wants to give me a dollar she can do that right
she puts it back in her pocket and asked me how much you should tip the baggage
handler so I told her fifty cents and she dug around in a wallet and gave it to
him I don't know if she even make it to the plane but that humans are big
tippers but South Americans are the worst and Europeans they have an excuse
it's not in their culture but African Americans you would think I mean you
know thirty forty years ago they all held the service jobs and put some of
their kids through college tips you think they would know better and they
start African Americans to it's not a way I think it's a darkness in their
soul okay have a great day and I think it is it's a dark spot in their
soul by the way look at all this good stuff on the breeders cup somebody
fact was wasting pages and pages and pages of our important facts paper over
here what are you doing that for jackass five six seven oh five sixty pound
five sixty on the AT&T line eight seven seven seven eight five neal toll free
for a few places twenty one till one at five sixty q a I've got a dental flaw
hey
you
wonderful
I
had a major win
I
heard she had
a
great
math
to
work
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
week
one
fifth
and
still
after
6
nine
and
five
and
Biggest fan club.
And it sucks just like a Hoover.
It's been so long for a guy
how many days
have been sitting like this
up all
the trains are coming
all these matches
and this is gonna be where I'm going.
I'm saying
it won't be digital
but they find out
these fake kids are still
poor sports.
What's the fake way
a gambler board is
to get a job
George,
James,
whoo!
George,
who's there?
Whoo!
Ha ha ha!
James,
you're doing good now.
Yeah!
Ha ha ha!
Ha ha ha ha!
Ha ha ha ha!
Ha ha ha ha!
Ha ha ha ha!
Ha ha ha ha!
12.26.5.50
by the way,
I mentioned about that direct
coach Texan,
I did the auto column
and I heard this morning.
Oh my god,
chaos keeps things sporting
and here Greg,
you know, like I said before,
scumbags gravitate to scumbags.
So what he's doing
is making excuses
for Mike Tyson
and for Brian Cox
and Dennis Rodman
and Don King.
Everybody that most
normal people find
reprehensible
in their behavior discussing
in grotesque,
Greg co-taces,
oh this is what keeps it exciting.
I'll take a finger-waving
magditja or Jimmy Johnson
over a thousand marble
Face Tom Landry's
and hats.
I'll take the outcast,
OJ Simpson and Spooky oddly
brave ability to carry on
as if nothing had happened.
Well guess what Greg,
you can have him, okay?
Assel,
you can have all the murderers,
all the rapists,
all the scumbags,
all the trouble makers,
because I grew up in an era
when we didn't even know about stuff like that.
And we had a great time with sports.
We didn't need that.
He didn't call OJ Spooky,
did he?
He said he was Spooky, yeah.
And he's a lousy
tipper evidently too,
as a result of it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
05, 60,
05, 60 on here.
And he was just bringing
the pastrami home from the deli,
OJ, and she said,
hey, OJ, can I get a slice?
Here's Bokeh, hello.
Hey, how you doing now?
Okay, sir.
The deal with black people
being bad tippers.
What is that about?
We're trying to figure it out today.
We can help them in a little bit.
I'm not so sure.
It's obviously not all black people.
And I think you, as being a waiter at night,
by the way,
any place I can get a $15,000 tip,
I do a lot for that.
But besides that,
it's just a class of people.
You can see when someone comes in,
whether they're white,
black, or whatever,
basically,
the way they're acting
when they're sitting down
for a meal at a restaurant,
whether you're going to get a tip out of them
or not they're thinking about it.
Yeah, their kids are like
jitterbucking around the table.
That's not usually a good sign of a good tip, you know?
No, I'm going to ask for the present.
They ordered the meal.
That's pretty bad tip.
Oh, I'm glad, job.
But also,
the thing that I think I hate the most
is that if I'm going to take an order
from somebody,
I hate if they're looking,
if I have to learn to understand
ebonyx fine,
but it's going to look down at the table
and they want me to give me the courtesy
of looking in the eyes so I can try and read the lips.
It's really tough.
It makes it very, very difficult to understand
what someone's saying when there's nothing involved.
Yeah, but there are those
different types of people that have a problem with it.
And if you don't understand it,
then they look at you like you're crazy.
Right.
So that's a bothersome thing for me.
Well, the thing to say is just don't give me no lip, you know?
Yeah.
All right.
They're having a really good luck your pal.
Thanks.
Oh, see, now all these stereotypes, man?
Maybe they're just embarrassed that they got those lips thick
and help.
But then see, the ugly stereotypes, they're plenty of black people
that don't have thick lips and don't talk bubonyx
and deliver nice tips.
Aren't they?
No.
Yes, there are.
God damn it.
Where the hell did this all come from?
See, this is the kind of ugly stuff that gets started
when some goofball jaff over there on the beach
at Tai Tony on Washington Avenue
starts adding agrituities under the
when black people come in saying,
you people, you people, you people are cheap.
Why don't you just put a sign up on the window saying,
black's no bother coming in here,
not because we want to exclude you because that's illegal,
but just because you're cheap in our way to our way to that
but we want to wait on you.
At least that would be honest.
Huh?
So this to me sounds like a ripoff.
It's like he's luring them in, giving them the false impression
that they'd be delighted to serve them,
and then on the other hand,
sticking that 15th Secretary to the owner
whether they want to pay it or not.
I think that even black folks should have a right to choose
if they want to pay 15% or not, huh?
At churches and bow jangles.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T.
You notice Kentucky fry,
now that's chicken for white people.
That's like the moat chicken.
Oh yeah, it's cracker chicken,
it's like the moat town of chicken.
Yeah, moat town was black music for white people.
Kentucky fry, that's chicken for white people.
You want to really be a soul brother,
you go to churches or bow jangles.
Yeah.
I've been telling you the way it is, man.
Well the Colonel was a honky.
He probably owned slaves.
So you can say that now he's dead.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line
and our brand new exciting number,
which is, you know, that's okay today.
877-785-Neil, any aisle.
785-6345, pull free for someplace.
We're experimenting today.
See, everything with Greg Reed, you know.
You always should know ahead of time,
it's going to be airsots,
it's going to be made fully.
It's not going to be like something you'd really expect
in a real professional radio station.
It's going to be half-assed,
because that's the only thing he knows.
And he'll probably come in here one day and say,
oh gee, how you like that new line, huh?
Here's Davy. Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
Good. Listen, I don't typically call
when you're callers to arterio-type and embassion,
but this innocence, since I had...
I think they're out of control today
with this spook bashing,
though you might recognize it, friend.
Well, you know what?
It's...
Let's start bashing some white folks.
Well, you know, I was in the service industry too.
Great ones only.
For about 10 years.
And I find that what happens as a waiter
is that when you start to get bad tippers,
you start to arterio-type the whole group.
Right. And what happens...
Like French Canadians, of course,
in that case, it happens to be true,
but that's very terrible.
They're terrible,
but what happens is...
They're pigs.
They're stuffing, let them lose their souls.
Your service starts to decline
when you get that certain group of people at your table.
You come over and you don't give the same service
that you would to anyone.
Because you know...
You know ahead of time,
they're going to stiff you anyway.
So, why go out of your way for them?
Absolutely, but they may be surprised,
and they may be people who know that, you know,
you're supposed to tip based on service.
You know, the other thing is that a lot of people
do not have the education to know that a waiter
will back when I was waiting the salary was $2.13 an hour.
And then you made your tips,
and that you lived on your tips.
You know, so that's what makes it real bad.
Right.
You know, the other thing,
I know that you have been talking a lot about the World Series,
but I thought,
oh, nice that the Yankee stiff Jim Gray last night.
Did they?
Oh, yeah.
I didn't see it.
I watched maybe like two minutes of it
because I was watching a couple of pretty good hockey games,
and I just...
I can't stand it,
because you just know ahead of time the results.
The braids are folding up like an accordion.
Well, the kid that hit the home run
went to interview him afterwards,
and of course, you know, Jim Gray made this little steal.
He apologized to the fans.
Yeah, I read that.
Very, very, very, very weak, by the way.
For it didn't apologize to Pete Rose.
That is correct.
But what happened was the kid hit the home run
after the game was over with.
They came out to interview him.
He asked him the question about the home run.
He says, well, because of what happened to Pete,
we're not going to do any interviews on the field.
Great.
So then afterwards,
Oh, right.
The coverage on MSNBC,
Jim Gray mysteriously disappears.
And they have Craig Sager doing the interviews.
Right.
The Yankees come out of the dugout
and they're interviewing with Craig Sager on the field.
Excellent.
So I think there's Craig in the dugout.
Craig Sager, I work with Craig at WSPD,
and I'm sure it's going to be a little boycott.
It's about six years ago.
Yeah, there's going to be a little boycott.
Good. Nice job.
All right. Thanks, Jim.
Thanks for the good news.
What is that, by the way, that you're
appouring over to the Ken Maldon just hanging out with
another hockey fan?
If they came to the other line,
I'll give it to you during the break.
Oh, they're bringing them back to the club.
Oh, they always do that.
We don't do that in here.
Not because I'm a prick.
No, no, it's not that I don't want to give them the stuff.
It's that I'm angry at the people that are using our number.
You know what I'm saying?
Like they got it just sent 75 pages on the
Breeders Cup, which I'm sure Hank and Ed
has already got that information.
And if not, the facts are to the right number.
No, they're much nicer than I am because they do bring us
the facts.
When they come in by mistake,
I know B-Full got very upset about that one time.
And you know what? Too bad.
I'll see when you keep B-Full on Ed's like that.
When he's paranoid and delusional.
That's when he's at his foot.
That's when the corn grows 10 feet tall.
But if you start bringing in the facts,
then he starts getting you know a little fat and
you're allastics on the time.
That's as easy.
He's got half of that.
Look. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
He really does.
He looks bad.
You want to see him today?
Oh my god.
He looks like your stereotypical burnout.
A few too many...
Hoops in his life.
Too many lost tickets there.
I'm telling you.
You're going to see him right down there with
Leicester green shirt at the finish line of call.
Or day after day.
Kicking around tickets on the ground,
looking down, trying to find a winner.
First sand.
Here's Lauter Hill.
Hello, yes, sir. We had another death yesterday.
Boyd Axton. I saw that. Yeah, it's okay. How come there's no big deal about that?
Well, it depends if you like his music or not. I mean, I didn't know he wrote the
pushers, my stephenmoves. Yeah. And how about a painstored? And that
depends if you like golf or not? Whether you cared about that or not? I guess so. Yeah.
But how about Boyd Axton? You know where he is? He's on the obituary page. He's got about two
or a couple lines here. Yeah, that's it. He's stuck in the back. He had a massive heart attack.
Apparently, he also used marijuana here. That he was sentenced here to $10,000 fine.
Yeah, mine. Oh, God. He used it for his pain. He used it for recreational work.
Right. Obviously, sure. Yeah. Oh, yeah. I'll use this and use it for pain. We know that.
That's true. Okay, thank you, sir. Thank you for the bad news. Okay, there's
you guys got a good point. Like I said, he had an earlier, I get no comment except for the one,
the one, the people that come by these appearances, many of them, besides a couple of misfits,
but many of them really, I recognize people and they've got something to say. And this guy was very,
very pleased with the fact that I pointed out and rightfully so that, you know, just because
somebody is a famous golfer or famous actress or whatever it might be, doesn't make their demise
any more meaningful than if Mary Smith of the street dies while she's trying to save her two kids
that got electrocuted in Hurricane Irene here, which happened a couple of weeks ago.
And yet you media people, that's all you know, celebrity, the celebrity that famous,
the famous, that icon, this, the other that it's a bunch of bullcrap. You're obsessed with it.
I mean, pretty soon they're just going to put Mike Walker in charge of all three networks and Fox 2,
I guess. And we can just have the inquire around 24 hours a day. And every goddamn network, how does
that sound? Yeah, good 90s. You're easy. In between Jerry Springer and that bitch Oprah.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T line.
toll free for out of town 877 785 0 785 6345.
yeah.
Yeah.
Mom and dad were playing Ted right there on the bed.
Mommy was our police as a pillow for daddy's head. Mommy's head went bobbing.
She almost got whipped. I don't know what she was drinking but you got a note mustache.
It's been through the heat hole. I'm sure what I see. What I sure do is I do more anything on TV.
Mommy and dad were hooked together like my Lincoln long.
Last time I saw something like that. Mom went yell it up and go off.
Dad was breathing heavy. Mom was on her knee.
He was just had a poopful cause she's just been wearing pee.
He's been told to pee hole.
Watching mom and dad.
He's been turned to pee hole.
The most fun he ever had.
When we watched those little longer, the nice party to get sick.
If daddy's name is Albert, why mom asked for tips?
Daddy's grounded his eyes full back.
Mommy wants it more.
She's going back on top of him but oh he's hit with shore.
Oh!
He's been through the heat hole.
Has a minute has.
I can't wait to drive his dad on some drilling by class.
Well I can't wait to drive his dad on some drilling by class.
Welcome.
I don't do it at 5.60 W.A.M.
Here's a facts minister in Los Angeles on the internet.
Listen to you in L.A.
Begin listening on I.N.G.
86 during the Helen Dale days.
Oi!
Anyway the tool free number does not work here in L.A.
It says you must get a type of the Jim Gray interview after last night's game.
Whoever hit the winning home runner was Chad Curtis by the way the former Tiger.
Told Jim Gray and the guys what is it got together and decided not to get
oh he and the guys got together decided not to give Jim Gray an interview after the game.
Nice going Chad and all Yankees and dedicated the home runner was grandma
and told Jim to you okay.
Nice going Chad.
See these people he's so called sports writers running these apologies for Jim
Gray and saying he did the right thing.
Absolutely positively not I don't care how many games that Pete Rose bet on.
I don't care how much of a scumbag he was and Hank made a good point yesterday Paul
Horting bet on football games.
He's in the goddamn NFL Hall of Fame.
O.J. Simpson murdered two people everybody knows that he was found liable in a civil case
of the death of two people he's in the NFL Hall of Fame in Canton, Ohio.
That's Canton like one time.
But the fact is that you know there's a time and a place for everything in the same question
to be asked a million times and Jim Gray is nothing but a goddamn self aggrandizing
asshole looking to give himself a big you know a bunch of publicity and all he did was make
himself a bigger asshole.
He's got the personality of a goddamn frog turd.
567 in fact the Budweiser frogs deny any connection to him.
Do you drop that nope not me.
567 0560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
877 785 Neil on our new line nine which is going over like
it's not too great.
Here's Hollywood hello.
How are you Neil?
Yes sir.
I've been listening to you for about seven years.
I just want to say hey you having a great show and I the reason I like you is because
you tell the truth.
That's I don't agree with everything but this issue with this this tip and thing is about
to get on my nerves.
Yeah.
Everybody wants to look good you know and you have to watch the kind of person that
stereotype the whole group of people because what one person does.
That's right just like that dark woman that was stereotyping the Thai people.
Right.
Right and my point is this everybody wants to look good.
If I go into a restaurant my pockets are loaded in their fat.
I'm going to keep good.
Right.
If I go into restaurants my pockets are not loaded fat.
I'm not going to keep good.
Right.
And it's you know if your pockets are loaded in fact you shouldn't be going into like a four
or five star restaurant or doing expensive Neil and then stiff in the waiter and start his fault.
Well then I guess that's the point you know it doesn't matter what color you are.
Right.
You know it depends on what's in your pocket.
That's right what's in your pocket.
Right.
So you're saying would they rather not have the money they would cost me to go and have a
steak and salad if I can't tip the turtles it's working.
Yeah that's a good point.
In fact tip the turtles that might be that's not a bad like that.
Tip the turtles that maybe they'll be our slogan for November.
I mean think about it you ask these restaurants would you rather just not have my money
for what the food cost then to tip the what do you I mean come on it's not like you have
doctors and lawyers in their waiting on tables.
You can take turt again tip the turt I like that.
Tip the turt.
Right excellent nice job pal.
Thanks.
Thank you.
Okay tip the turt.
Tip the turt come on that should be on our damn thing here come on let's hear it.
Tip the turt.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line yeah that's a good point though he makes.
I mean the owner of the restaurant if he gets the money for the meal sure it doesn't look good
for his help to help make grumble a little bit what does he care more about getting your money
or satisfying his absurd help.
Yeah that's right that's a very good point.
Especially in a tyros route which you don't even like in the first place which I have no idea why
because tyros are answer are pretty good.
It's too much peanut butter and a lot of the stuff one of the dishes peanut butter
that a lot of peanut butter in their dishes.
I never had peanut butter in my summer young guy.
I mean there's some dishes that are good but
to be able to have a peanut butter with their summer young guy.
To be the one that we're 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 I hear it was gif is what I hear.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
Hey that was fine tip to tip.
I love that.
Didn't that have a great sound to it had a great perfect ring to it you know tip to tip to it.
No it's not so natural just roll it off its top.
Yeah exactly.
I have an example about the tipping.
I used to eat a place called Dirty Harry's on 17th Street.
Sure.
You used to at the time have a special 10 cent chicken length.
With 10 cent?
Awesome price.
Yeah.
So we would me and Molle would go there and we would you know get some drinks
have appetizers and get chicken wings.
And I would I would tip good because I know there are only 10 cents.
Right.
There weren't really many African Americans there.
But later on I guess they call a wind of it and then there's nothing there but African American.
Yeah but you said chicken wings those say.
Yeah.
Any place where there's either watermelon or chicken of any kind you're going to start once the
word starts spreading.
The complexion of the joint starts darkening significantly.
Well what happened is they would bring their 12 kids and they would order chicken wings and water.
And that's nice.
And then it wasn't then it wasn't tip them.
Yeah.
So what happened maybe they'd leave like 9 cents per person you know tip with you like 90 percent that's not bad.
9 cents a kid.
Uh huh.
Yeah.
So what they did is they had to add a gratuity on every bill.
See that's racist and again we left 90 percent tip and they're still picking on those dark
keys again.
There were a bunch of racists.
It's they made you buy a drink.
Yeah.
Made you buy appetizers.
Right.
And they added a gratuity on the bill.
So it made you jump through all the poop sounds.
You get the 10 cent length.
So now it's lighting up in here a little bit.
A little bit yeah.
Well it's just it's just a shame.
And that's all I got.
Okay.
Don't forget pal.
Tip the turd.
Yeah.
Okay.
That's a great name for a horse too.
I like that.
Tip the here comes tip the turd on the outside.
Oh but MK80K's got the 11.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
0 5 60 on the and he's duking in the stretch.
See the braves remind me of a race horse that dies.
You know one and all things that I always said about whether it's harness racing or thermo
racing horses that quit in the stretch even when they go down in class they continue quitting
and not always but most times they just they're quitting pigs dogs and it's the same
with the braves it's the same thing.
Choking puking gagging you can smell it you can feel it.
Here's four Myers hello.
You know what I'm gonna make on switch it good.
You know I'm gonna your pardon
We get good our still make comes listen to you.
That's absolutely right.
Swark says we we we we get bad you know it's it's a terrible thing.
Yeah are you with your makin' and four Myers?
Yeah really?
Yeah.
Well you must be spreading the good word and the good stuff over there.
I'm the good stuff.
I can't spend more money on wheat because you got a money a hundred and a half.
No.
I know.
Listen um you know absolutely right if it's something negative it's always racist.
Like you know like black people can't swim we're gonna say it's racist.
Yeah well if white people can't jump maybe black people can't tip maybe that's it.
Well yeah would you say like Asians are highly intelligent people you never hear
let's say in racist you know would you say like black folks?
No they're black or if you say black people are great athletes.
Yeah oh that's a racist comment.
Yeah you're like we'd do the good at basketball we like that you know.
Hey you can't be stuck in you know.
That's right if the full fits the wear it that's what they say in the Chinese restaurant.
The cool fit where you're right that's right okay man okay I'll read it there too.
Yeah man.
Nine minutes after one okay tip the tour baby I all over time they're gonna be saying that now
tip the turn tip the turn just something about he's right this other guy it rolled off his tongue.
Oh I just kind of rolled right off the tip of his tongue.
The sports leader sports radio 560 QAM.
Absolutely ladies and gentlemen this is rainbow 4 and 5.
How are you John Rambos to the live I want to make movies 4 and 5
my life and going great play the Hollywood's broke unfortunately I speak like I had a stroke.
First blood came in 82 that's why I heard my penis and it never ever grew.
Rambos 2 was in 85 late and Rambos 3 was in 88.
Shoot it and you know that's who it is my god I did not make this movie with my son.
The name is Sage he was in Rocky 5 and daylight the tunnel movie.
A little bit of cash is what I mean I gotta get a loan from the Hollywood queen.
I gotta have a bug look at movie or Broadway show like Jenna he I guess nobody ever stop
cops with him it was stupid I guess I understand my whole life is about to cave in.
Oh I got left this gentleman's way then.
Ladies and gentlemen I need to make Rambos 4 and 5.
Check it out so call me up I really need a script I can do by a long walk keep it zip
they like comedy action adventure and drama the only thing I will not do is have sex with a llama.
So give me a break for goodness sake I have to be out over and I can't get on Ricky Lake.
Right now I got a one man showing for keptzy basically I'm an unemployed gypsy a little
bit of cash is what I need I gotta get a loan from the Hollywood queen I gotta have
another movie or Broadway show like Jenna he I guess nobody ever stop cops with him it was stupid
so I understand my whole life is about to cave in.
Oh I got left this gentleman's way then.
That's why ladies and gentlemen I need to make Rambos 4 and 5.
116 at 560 WQAM well I feel so much better after those real moving experiences yeah I think
I got this fluid this crap out of my system if I can say that don't forget tip the turd
5 6 7 that would be great trying to have on a restaurant you know I said go to a
men's room where they have a guy working there usually a dark and plucky guy too you know when
he's got his little little candy's in it huh what you know I'm talking about what do they call it
like a a restaurant attendant a tea room attendant yeah and a side there should be a side
there saying tip the turd here's Coral Springs hello hey hello now yes sir hey how you doing
great you really you really struck a nerve on this one I deliver pizza at night and you know
I take what I get you know right you too it's all the same and you know sooner is one of them
he said they don't tip for whatever he said with the sh on it that's what he said something like
that well I understand what he's saying I mean he blurted it out so you can't do that it's not
the Brook Daniel show we have more than the four people listening because see that's a new FCC
deal if you have four people or less listening you can say the F4 down here that's why she could say
to the that's why the producer got part nice book by the way broke nice book oh my god nice book
book speaking of tip the turd is we got the out of time on open by the way the tool free line
which it doesn't work out of state that guy who called from penis before I thought he said
phoenix he must have been called from penis that was no off Phoenix call it doesn't work out of state
it works in parts of Florida certain parts someplace to do in someplace to don't
877 785 nil 1 877 785 63 45 and we pay the freight I want to keep that line as busy as possible
just to make him pay for the piece of crap that he gives us in here nothing I mean absolutely
grudgingly and even then the worst the cheapest and money can buy that's the Greg Reid FN way
here's cutlerage hello yes sir yeah pissed off man I used to tip all the time but now if I get a cracker
or a bag it I ain't tipping nothing yeah I want to tip for you punk the crackers y'all can
tip faggers that's a new tip instead of tip nerves or whatever the turd yeah tip the fag tell
them kids fagging and kill crap of peace okay on you is what he said peace on you how's he
scrolling 5 6 7 0 5 60 pot 5 60 you see the one dark guy that called before he's got a good point
if you say blacks are great athletes and they sure have rhythm and they sure are great musicians
then that's okay it's not racist but if you say blacks tend to be very bad tippers oh my god
it's a racist thing see it's too much of that we've created that it's like you know creating a monster
if I can say that don't start those lines about the gorillas in our midst to get into George
5 6 7 0 5 60 pot 5 60 here's a mobile and well and West Palm Beach taking call to and a Palm Beach line yes sir
hey Neil how you doing great I actually got a good story for you I'm a white male and a marital
Jamaican woman oh yeah man yeah man and I go we got a dinner and a lot of times we bring
a muddle all with us zero tip I mean it's a bear thing I I always go back to the table and put
like a 10 bucks down and I give you another one the rush on me it was good to red lobster if
that's not you know just for them they they if I ever ate a red lobster again which I would not
I'd demand they give me a tip on the way out yeah it's it's a play it's the on tip this turd
yeah okay I just want to say that to you thanks pal yeah I forgot that's right Palm Beach can
call on that line nine two for free tool free right am I right about that West Palm Boka Boyton Beach
all right now we're cooking Delray Beach wow yeah let's get what we can okay and that's the best
we can do with it gains build a West Palm to Fort Myers to Naples to St Pete everywhere in between
have any calls from FSU talent has yet no no I'm a cater fan now okay I'm really we got
shine by all our listeners up there from down here all those kids that go to FSU you just know
that there got to be at least what six of them listening on the internet right now at least six or
seven uh huh shine this here's a mobile implantation hello male yes sir I got three suggestions for
tip to third guy yeah eat in buffets or cook at home uh huh if he wants to go out and have someone
serve him and not tip and don't go out that's not you know the appropriate thing to do when in
doubt don't go out when a doubt don't go out and by the way I'm an FSU graduate all right but I
didn't call I called before you made that tell me to get on the stick up there I will okay all right
now thank you see yeah well we've got too many numbers there you know I mean gains are like
and handle up to seven numbers but for FSU it's a little bit tough yeah that Bobby Bowden mentality
unlike that great sophisticated Steve Spurrier 8777785 Neil 8777785 6345 oh look at that a mobile
in La Belle hello La Belle of all places why I'm great place that is to drive through real fast
thousand horses out here yeah not too far from the nut house so how's it going today great
hey uh you keep playing that uh that lady that last with that name broop yeah the battling
I never hear her over here but yeah that's the one like I said you love La Belle because you can't
hear that's that's the best thing they got going for but sometimes I get over the lake oak at
Chobie yeah I do a lot of on the road stuff and I was wondering uh just to be able to hear this
person to see what you're talking about where is she at on the dot 940 clear channel 50,000 watts 940
3 to 7 p.m. you'll love it oh 3 to 7 yeah okay all you need is about 40 seconds of it that'll be
the end of it I'll be back with Hank there you go hey yeah and he's Hank's best hour
hey stupid and then there's a 1700 what's on there crap crap okay give them about 30 seconds too and
you might turn around want to go back you think I'd be able to reach him at Oak when I'm in Oak
no you get down to Oak at Chobie road you'll be able to reach him I have a great day pal thank you
by the way speaking of Oak at Chobie road what what kind of poor bastards have to drive through that uh
you know on the way to the airport now what back years and years and years ago when I lived in
high leo in Miami lakes actually right next to the high school uh I used to know that part of town
pretty good Miami Springs is it right uh yeah Miami Springs but you know you go to the airport and
you get close to like uh legion and um and Oak at Chobie road and every day it just backed up for like
forever I mean even not talking about rush hour just backed up and backed up and it looked you
looked down off that ramp and you think thank God better than than me I mean what what is that
tonight man exactly it's a freaking damer is what it is God almighty so I want to send my condolences
to you poor bastards out there who live or work or have to travel in that part of town and exit off
that oh Jesus in fact I got a better idea for this always have plenty of parking at the airport
just keep driving straight go to the airport parking there and walk wherever you're going get
their hell of a lot sooner here's a mobile in Hollywood hello hello Neil yes sir yeah
listen I was in the restaurant business he is back and I still have a box of old T-shirts left
all I'd be glad to donate them to the guide tipping is not a city in China it's a little less subtle
than the 15% yeah and um I tried to call in yesterday but I couldn't get to a phone I just wanted to
warn you listeners not to go for that uh buy any eggs from the model scam uh friend of mine had
that done a few years ago when it was still cutting edge technology and two children a boy and a girl
yeah one turned out to be an anorexic heroin addict that walks around the house and spiked
heels and underwear and turned out worse yeah okay yeah thanks for the good news you're welcome and we'll
see you yes yeah I got no response to that I think that's a very interesting thing now you just
stop and ask yourself if you've seen pictures of uh well like people out there who I see it's
hard it isn't a very difficult topic because the people who consider themselves good looking I have to
very very often think oh yeah right and I'm beautiful too you know so it's difficult to talk about
it but people who really are beautiful people would their parents also beautiful people or do ugly
parents sometimes make beautiful people and they and like somebody said the other day when I was
watching a story on TV they really don't know enough about genetics yet there's no like guarantee
that beautiful parents make beautiful children more likely no we have but sometimes certain
traits skip a generation right to the age it's a likeliness thing yeah so in other words if your
parents were real real ugly like mine you're gonna be real ugly like me is that what you're saying
most likely no well I know what your parents looked like but at any rate Cubans no seriously I don't
know that there's any guarantee of that and but it's it's a fascinating thing I mean there's two ways
to look at it number one you'd like to have brighter people that would be nice people with a brain
but what's wrong with having people with a brain will also look good now you got something that you
can reach out and embrace real tightly uh the way I look at it like oh god that's good you know
right Jacob oh sorry you don't even know Jacob and you're giving me looks okay Jacob's
a very bright young man maybe I'll see him with hockey game tonight speaking of a hockey game by
the way Pavelle Brewery's playing Ray Whitney's playing and oh I want to mention this and the
big black guy named Peter War L's playing so everybody except Brett head against back tonight no
excuses not to be there tonight especially for Pavelle Brewery but I'm gonna be watching very
closely to see who gets the biggest ovation on his return to the Panther lineup tonight Pavelle Brewery
our ten million dollar man the most exciting athlete in the world or Peter War L who this crowd
that we got they're obsessed with Peter War L obsessed like a sickness with these people
or of course the lovely Ray Whitney 126 at 516 and WQA
this is the same like the same but we must tell you this when we're not there if you want
tell oh
For sure we gain many children.
We do.
Wash our clothes, wash our daily clothes,
we do not have to do much.
I should make your fire go.
But today we think that we have better say.
We swing with our days.
I swing with our days.
Well pretty, two and five, 60 WQM this brings a real dilemma.
I was just thinking about during the break and that is this.
If you want to go to a nice restaurant, I'm not talking about dinnies or wags or something like that, or I hop.
If you want to go to a nice restaurant, do you ask yourself can I afford to eat with me and my family or other whoever I'm taking?
Can I afford to eat there or you ask can I afford to eat there and also leave a nice tip?
Do you want them saying?
I think that's a legitimate question.
What do you factor that in when you're thinking about can you afford to eat there?
Some people do.
People maybe who eat out often, who have the big bucks like you do.
People go to a lot of fancy, fancy restaurants because they get a lot of free meals like you.
They do like me.
Like if I go to Ruth's Chris, I'm planning ahead of time.
I'm going to leave a big tip.
I go to Vegas, I go to a fine restaurant.
I'm going to leave a good tip.
I'm a good tipper.
Of course I'm a fag but nevertheless.
And if you get a free meal you leave an extra big tip.
You always, always.
And you know me, I could eat for free forever.
And I don't because I don't want to be a snore or number one.
And number two, I'm not looking for meals because I'm always fat.
So I'm always halfway on a diet plus I'm diabetic.
So you know I just can't eat all the meals I would like to.
If I would 150 pounds, maybe I'd be much more of a snore.
So it's a lucky thing I don't like being a snore and eating too many free meals.
But I mean people who live on a very limited budget, I mean sure they have to deny themselves the right to go to a nice restaurant and eat without being able to live a tip to the tip.
That's a fantastic question that we have to ask.
Why should we blame all our post-lipper schwarzers out there?
A lot of them are just barely scraping through.
They can't just go away at home and eat a bucket of fried chicken every day.
Not every goddamn day.
A little variety is the spice of life.
Here's Palm Beach, hello.
Yeah, the caller that calls while back, the black caller said he worked his way through school or whatever waiting tables and he got paid two, ten an hour.
Well guess what? Things haven't changed.
We're still making that and we still work for our tips.
And because I work for my tips, I even try harder even though I know that on some tables I'm lively, live I'm not to get a tip.
I still work hard at that table and still smile and I'm all nice and congenial and I'm hoping to get the best.
Do you think?
Hoping for the best.
Hoping for the best.
So I imagine after a couple more years I'll begin to become bitter as well.
But also the angry young black community call that he used to tip and now anybody who's white or a fag, he's not going to tip.
I think the only tip he ever used to give was don't come to my neighborhood.
Anyway, I'll catch you later.
And a good tip too, by the way, probably.
Yeah.
Okay, well he said he'd leave a couple of crackers under the table.
But nobody said, always goes good with your acclaimed chowder.
5, 6, 7, up by the way, why did they do that?
Why do restaurants bring you crackers?
That's so goyish, you know, when you get a clam chowder like in a seafood rye, I hate when they do that.
I mean, I never eat them anyway.
But why did I assume you want to put crackers in your chowder?
Because a lot of people do.
And that's like taking a great steak and leadling it with steak sauce, you know.
See steak sauce and believe me, I love good steak sauce.
There are no way to ways about it, especially like what's the real good pita luger?
That's the best.
But if you have a great steak like in Rootscris, you know, you steak sauce.
I mean, they will give it to you if you want.
But anybody to me that goes into a place like that, I want to drown the taste of a fantastic juicy steak with steak sauce.
Just stay home and buy a bottle of steak and drink it, you know, by the table spoon.
Don't waste your time with a steak.
Because that's all steak sauce generally is for, and other stuff like that, is to cover up the taste.
If you get a great bowl of chowder, for example, in a real good seafood place, why don't you put a bunch of crackers and mung in there like a soak it up?
Dreck.
I guess go ahead and do that.
Here's plantation. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir.
At a great time, the three of us sat down and had a real good meal.
I even left a dollar tip.
Well, that was very nice for you, especially.
And Neil, what, I got one question. Why did they have it?
They had it porch the lotion in the basket on one of the key chains, founds.
That's a good idea next year.
Okay.
Okay, see.
Hey, how do you like that?
It was almost a human lifestyle.
It was really good on the phone.
Everyone liked it. Don't say really good.
He was there. Okay.
Let's hear it for Ken, the guy with the eyes.
Oh!
He's okay. Even though George, let's do just a hard ass.
He don't like anybody.
Now, see, I'm the one that has to suffer.
I have the reputation to be in a hard ass and hating everybody.
And you're the one that like, God.
All of the bite of it.
Just like the looks that you gave some of the people like my good friend, Sonny,
that used to be Len, whatever his name is that came up and forced me to kiss him on a cheek to get rid of him.
I gave him a look.
Yes. And a very good one, too.
That would have killed, which I only wish he would have worked.
Here's Inverness. Hello.
Inverness.
Yeah. Hey, Neil.
How you doing, sir?
All right. I guess I'm the only listener in Citrus County here.
If you want to see old parts come up here.
Oh!
I'll tell you, I'm the only guy, I guess under 50.
Right.
Okay, they come down mostly from Michigan and Indiana here to retire.
Right.
They sell their $30,000 house up there and they buy one down here for $25,000.
And they do go out and eat here.
You know, I see them all out at the Golden Corral.
You can't get in the door on a Friday night unless you got blue hair.
Yeah.
And then they put you to front and line.
Oh!
Sounds like they'd fit in perfect over here in sunrise and tamarind.
We beat them.
Really?
Because they've got not only old, but they've got no class.
Yeah, that's right. They're Midwesterners.
You're right about that.
That's right.
And other than your workers are good tippers, but Midwestern people even up there, they're cheap.
Now I'll tell you, we do have a black population here, but I say, I never see the balance.
They don't leave tips. They never go out anywhere.
I don't see them anywhere.
Well, if you were dark, complex in Citrus County, you'd probably stay in a lot too.
Yeah, I'd probably would.
Okay. Thanks a lot, pal.
Yeah.
Okay.
Okay.
Look at this.
We got 600 open lines here.
All of a sudden we've been rolled in long singing a song today.
And I want to thank profusely.
I mean, thank tremendously.
The guy that called about Taitoni.
Because I must forgot about this story.
I was so wrapped up with that guy named 900 Line or 8 or whatever the hell that line is.
And we'd Greg Reed in with the golf tournament and the disappearing money.
As in...
Don't need 50 dollars.
How much was it and where the hell did it go?
Did we get an answer right out yet, by the way?
No.
Look at that board now.
One call on there.
It's on Line 9.
It's on a new toll free line from Orlando.
Everything else died.
Everything else died.
Very nice.
See, thank God I got that line.
I'll keep that line spoken all the time.
But here, Dayton Broward, same old crap.
23 years of this.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
We pay for it and there's still like that is a door nail.
I'm one of the hottest god damn.
This is one of the great topics in history.
Okay.
Why is it that black people are so cheap?
That's our topic today.
And are they really related to French Canadians?
Is that the problem?
Let me tell you about Pompo-no Park.
I want to thank my good close friend, what's your name?
Kathy.
That brought me my book last night.
We're going to have one of you.
Oh, here it is over here.
Ken's Bible.
Thank you, sweetheart.
Oh, Frosty Nads.
What the hell was that?
Somebody just topped jigs off.
Sitting at home watching the WWF got hair on my bike and clothes on my breath.
I can't promote control.
I got my Nintendo's joystick.
I'm so damn lazy.
I'm married to pregnant chick.
Well, it's true I drive a beamer and I play look at golf.
I wear polyester pants that I never take off.
I go after the bars and I try to be funky but I don't fool anyone.
Because me a hunky.
Oh, here, hunky.
Oh, here, hunky.
Oh, here, hunky.
A little boy.
Oh, here, hunky.
Oh, here, hunky.
Oh, here, hunky.
I listen to Madonna and I think she's really hip and that Julio's lazy as Bellas just makes me flip.
I don't like to lie cruel.
They're just so darn dirty.
My kids are allowed to listen until they turn 30.
My dad is my uncle.
I am a fifther of my aunt.
I'm enrolled in school just to get me a grand.
I tell a lot of vismacos.
I think that's their funny.
I got a bad sense of humor because me a hunky.
Oh, here, hunky.
Oh, here, hunky.
Oh, here, hunky.
A little boy.
Oh, here, hunky.
Oh, here, hunky.
Oh, here, hunky.
Oh, here, hunky.
Look at me do the box, devil of a.
Look at this.
I'm a lot on the dim of a hair and pull my finger.
145 at 560 WQM.
Here's something to ponder.
You got a few hours to kill.
You're driving along R-75.
You're coming to one of those.
You know, they're all those different exits where they got the McDonald's.
You know, gas station.
There's your shell and your mobile and your amico.
And, you know, there's a sign that shows there's restaurants and stuff.
You get off there.
And you see like Edna's country kitchen.
And you're a cracker.
And you drive over there and you figure, okay, I don't want to tired of the fast food.
You know what, I'll go in and sit down in place.
I'll get me the newspaper.
I'll sit down and have a little meal, read the paper.
And you walk in there.
You're a white person and they're like 15 tables full.
And all the people in there are black.
No, you know what that reminds me of?
It reminds me of the Wind Dixie.
Where was it?
We heard it here on county line.
That's right.
When I used to go that way, that's where I used to go up to county line road to go home.
Of course, I didn't see Sylvia in those days.
How you doing, sweetheart?
Sylvia is back at the Turnpike toll.
But anyway, yeah, the one day that I pulled up there and I realized I sat in the parking lot for a little for a moment or two.
Did I ever go in there?
I don't think so.
You just said it drive by.
I didn't drive by.
I drive by shopping experience.
Yeah.
And I looked at all the people I could see inside the store and it was very dark.
And there was like in the middle of the daytime I was going home after the show with like two 15.
And I looked into parking lot and they were all dark.
And now that wasn't because of any hostility toward black people.
I just felt out of place.
Do you know what I'm saying?
Now if I'm a black guy and I'm driving on the road and I go ahead and here's in this country kitchen.
And I get out of the car and I walk in and I look in there and there's 15 tables full.
They're all white folks.
You might going to be turned off by that and I'm going to like turn around and walk out.
If they've got rebel flags on their baseball cats maybe.
Yeah.
And if they all say we're from Citrus County.
But other than that, here's Orlando.
Hello.
Hey, nail.
Yes, sir.
Oh, man, was this Greg Rees way of thanking you for screwing up your CD?
Yeah.
And while it was.
You're going to say limited toll free number for about six counties.
So what's the farthest call you've received so far?
I was going to give this morning.
Gainesville.
First hour.
Well, we had one supposedly from Phoenix, but I'm not buying it.
It doesn't work out of state.
Gainesville.
Yeah, I heard the guy faxed you from LA and said, didn't work there.
Didn't work in Boston, LA, Montreal.
Speaking of them.
Speaking of LA, here's a radio spy report for you.
Yes, sir.
Your buddy Phil.
He's on real radio soon.
They yanked Phil off, and they're going to put Phil on up here.
I probably knew that already.
No, he did not.
Oh, you know now, but he's on here.
You're the best, man.
You're the fifth call I had about him.
He's been on here for a month or maybe all a month and a half.
Yeah, I know that.
I listen to you every day.
OK, thanks a lot, pal.
Thank you.
See you.
5-670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
877775, NEL, 8777756345.
Ed Till.
Now, who was it that they're putting on over?
Is it Ed Till they're putting over?
And the queer channel is at the top.
Oh, my God.
Wow.
The talent in this business, man.
It's just it's phenomenal.
The pool of talent.
You can almost drown in it.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Pretty good, sir.
I'm sitting down in restaurants.
I sat to you across for yesterday with the Yankees Hat behind my head.
I'm not sure you remember.
This Brian?
This Brian, yeah.
Of course.
Yeah.
How can I forget Brian?
Oh, I don't know.
But anyways, I think that you are one of the best towns there ever has been down here.
I think you're the best.
Excellent.
So that's why I called.
And thanks for coming by last night.
You're welcome.
See you, Brian.
What do you give me a look like that?
Don't you remember Brian?
Yeah.
Brian was sitting right to the table across with the Yankee Capon, tall young gentleman,
very nice looking kid.
I remember that tall lady with a long brown hair.
Yeah, I'm sure you do.
Well, I remember Brian.
And he just called in here.
It's one of my favorite people already.
Good guy.
And probably got a better sense of humor than Jacob that I didn't see last night.
What happened to my good buddy Jacob?
I go a little bit too far on that.
That's okay.
See, I always test people.
Always test their sense of humor and how much people rise them.
Oh, that bag of nails talking about you on the air, Jacob.
Big deal, okay?
If that bothers you, Jacob, take a little earring out of your right ear.
And leave the girlfriend home next time.
Now, Jacob's a good kid.
Probably are my good friend, you know, Dave from the hockey games, the one I was passing the buttons that time.
He takes credit for introducing me to everybody.
Jacob, and then who's the other one that had the picture of the, was it Jose?
From the pizza loft that time a few years ago, you remember Jose?
Who went in hiding immediately?
Oh, that, yeah.
Yeah, one of your people, you know, who just, oh, gee, I'm not a cool one.
I'm not a cool one.
And that craps us because I said he happened to be a very, very good looking young guy.
I wish he was all the way.
And that's what difference does it make?
What difference does it make?
Am I going to do any of them?
No, so what difference does it make?
They enjoy it.
So, I'm with that.
Everybody likes to be famous for 20 minutes.
