Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Ford Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
We talked to Neil called 567 0560 toll free for date and barrel or pound 560 on your cell
ball.
The opinions of Neil is guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect
those of WQAM easily read acquisitions or the easily broadcast group.
Now Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
Shannon, I fopnir.
I'm not a fan of how hard it's right.
Can't get her to date a guy that just how it is.
She won't touch up he may.
Shacity I'm grieving.
It's so hard and the leaving.
I can't believe she's the last.
You must be something wrong that you get.
I really don't know where I went wrong.
Maybe she hurts anything I don't know.
Let's play that new disc on here.
It's a 10.02 at 5.50 WQAM.
What do you say on young.
I don't know what you say other than what I am doing here today.
I could have a nice three day weekend in Toronto.
I'm going to see if Steve Nickover to program director.
Everybody else is going to be bailing out of here.
I'm going to see if Steve Nickover to do that.
I'm going to see if Steve Nickover to do that.
I'm going to see if Steve Nickover to do that.
I'm going to see if Steve Nickover to do that.
Who is it?
Paul and Pinds.
Take all the time you want.
You're not doing it.
Nobody gives a crap.
What's up Paul?
Last night I heard that you gave you a fat thanks.
That's some gossip.
I'm a straight Jewish bag.
That was excellent.
WQAM.
Very good weekend.
How about Notre Dame losing?
Let me ask you something.
I don't want to start getting sports intensive because it's a bunch of crap.
I know the fixes in.
The only school in America that's got its own network telecast.
How could they have been rated number 24?
They're going to lose two more.
They're going to have the Pope's going to be here.
You know what's going to happen?
The Pope's going to probably try and pardon them.
He had bothered to do it.
They'll talk about Puerto Ricans in school.
I'm going to call a few people.
I'm going to give you an audience of the audience.
I'm going to give you an audience of the audience.
I'm going to give you an audience of the audience.
I'm going to give you an audience of the audience.
I'm going to give you an audience of the audience.
I'm going to give you an audience of the audience.
I'm going to give you an audience of the audience.
Through this little vocabulary,
escolts theather.
ago buzz and trying to hide things away from each other.
I don't know what sort of prey they have on theireon.
I never realized that every schwarzürein
in the outside sense can find parts.
5.
Air-re-dark, complex person in this time.
They love this show.
I mean, you know, if they had a choice between being called Sparcer's and Niggas, they
like to sparcer word.
That's why.
I'll work it in use to that Niggor thing.
You know, that's why they call each other Niggor now.
This is Niggor Neal.
So here's a picture on the front page of the Herald.
So, oh, by the way, the Herald, I don't want to start out on a negative note with the
Herald, but what did I do with that thing?
Here it is.
In a sports section, not that I want to get sports intensive like I said, because God only
knows the station has got a sports disease, a sickness.
But, and didn't I tell you, didn't I tell Hank what he came in here last week that Brian
Greacy is not ready for prime time and probably never will be?
And you know, I was talking to a little dog in the, whatever that room is back there during
one of their 20-minute commercial breaks this morning, and even he admitted that just
because Bob Greacy is Brian's dead, so therefore everybody's given his kid a free pass.
He blows, okay?
He's not, they're going to cut it.
They get bombed by the, lowly pathetic Kansas City chiefs yesterday, but at any rate,
so in a Herald, it's got the story here missing L.A., Yada, Yada, and it's got in the
inset where it's got the final score of the game, Chiefs 26, Browns 10.
And underneath it, Titans don't miss McNair versus Browns.
Titans 26, Browns 9.
So Cleveland got the Browns back, but the team is so bad, they lost two games in one day
if you believe the Herald.
Yeah, the Denver Browns, remember them, doesn't have the Broncos.
Nice go, at least you got a couple letters right in there, the first three letters, that's
good.
Nice start there with the Herald.
And mistake after mistake after mistake, and of course the biggest mistake is buying
that rag.
They could wipe their, that piece of crap, that paper.
Oh yeah, Chiefs 26, Browns 10, Titans 26, Browns 9.
So almost the identical score.
What a joke of a newspaper this is, huh?
So what I do with that picture of this is you.
I mean, it's a Jew holiday, baby.
And I'm here.
And our program director says to me on Friday, oh, you wouldn't be a big hypocrite like
that to take me a three day weekend.
Why not?
Everybody else around here does.
You want to see our parking lot down, so it looked like the hurricane came back for
seconds.
Not just tropical storm.
What do they call this thing?
Just a tropical whatever it is out there.
I don't know.
With the H.
No, it begins with an H.
Not good.
It's the one in the Caribbean that's going northeast.
The one in the Gulf.
It's with an H.
Who's an H?
Harvey.
Isn't that it Harvey?
Oh, you're like out of touch.
I think that is a black guy.
Probably got smacked in a head by some guy at the, you know, probably got smacked in
the head of the swing club.
By the way, I would have stayed out today, but if George would have done the show, we
had a head here at part 25 about the guy named Swing Clubs again.
And about the, uh, sports court.
Mr.
directed.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
Listen, I had a good weekend.
I went to the UM game.
Yeah.
Who?
Aren't you crying?
No way.
I call everyone every seven months.
Okay.
You sound like one of the clubs.
No, no, never.
Okay.
Anyhow, the thing I was thinking about, I went to the Dalton game yesterday and I suffered
in the rain and in the heat, which was worse.
And I went home and I watched the tape of the game because I really didn't pay much attention.
I was there.
Jake Plummer.
They're talking about him.
They're talking about how when he was a kid, they cut him on the sidelines, taking his
nose, rolling it into balls and flicking it.
When I saw that, I was just dying.
Don't think of this guy included.
They're going to do a feature on him.
Are they going to show him?
Are you going to see these athletes grabbing themselves, scratching themselves?
That's one of the classier things that Jake has done.
I mean, not just picking a meal, but rolling it into balls.
Was he two in it, too?
Yeah.
Well, anyhow, listen.
He's going to be selling it.
Yeah, selling it.
Smoking it, all that stuff.
That's it, I'm out of material.
Okay, thanks.
Okay.
There's a guy who saw the important stuff of the game yesterday.
It makes you realize that they squeaked by a girl's team yesterday.
And of course, last week they beat a team with a girl's quarterback that got beat by
Kansas City yesterday.
In fact, they're so embarrassed.
They don't even want to say in Broncos in the newspaper, they changed it to Browns.
Because even the sports editors over there couldn't believe Kansas City could beat the Broncos
26 to 10.
So they figured, oh, it must have been the Browns.
Pretty embarrassing if he acts may.
So let's talk to people today who've been, I've asked this before, never get any response
because they're too embarrassed because we know it's a gay club.
These initiations and hazings and all this other stuff.
Anybody who's in a fraternity or ever been in a fraternity, that's a fact.
I'll tell you that right now, okay?
Just like all this professional sports stuff, just like the US military, all of this stuff,
guys shower together.
All every initiation thing has to do with guys being naked.
Has to do with genitalia, getting guys drunk, shaving their heads, shaving their privates,
doing privates.
Why do they think they call them privates?
Because they go first class.
9 minutes after 10 at 5, 60 WQAM, doing n...
It wasn't really all that gay until now.
Hey, don't, hey, don't.
Right night come and on one go.
Home, alright.
Chocolate boarding, but don't feel.
Right night come and we wanna go home.
To this side month, it's done chill.
Oh!
Right night come and we wanna go home.
Hey!
Hey, Mr. Corridor, tell you everybody.
Right night come and we wanna go home.
He said, hey, Mr. Corridor, tell you everybody.
Right night come and we wanna go home.
Sixth month, seventh month, eightth month, eightth month, eightth month.
Oh!
Right night come and we wanna go home.
Sixth month, seventh month, eightth month, eightth month.
Right night come and we wanna go home.
Hey!
Be said, hey, don't.
Right night come and we wanna go home.
Hey!
Be said, hey, Mr. Corridor, tell you everybody.
Right night come and we wanna go home.
Of your people bunch, of our boss shops.
Right night come and we wanna go home.
See that spirit in the clubs.
Right night come and we wanna go home.
Sixth month, seventh month, eightth month, eightth month.
Oh!
Right night come and we wanna go home.
Sixth month, seventh month, eightth month, eightth month.
right now come and we want to go
we say
oh i'll take them are the great nerds in history you know Robert Novak the right-wing
asshole that writes for the Chicago sometimes it's on 75 different the those panel shows
especially on CNN so yesterday they were debating back and forth or whatever the hell it was
and somebody I mentioned the Blair Witch Project he said what's that now I understand okay I
haven't seen it nor will I because I really if I want to puke I'll just come in here you know
any day but uh how can you be that out of touch how can you be that old and that's buddy dirty it
makes Bob Dole seem like you know an MTV of DJ that's how pathetic Robert Novak is and speaking
of pathetic let oh before I get into a rip in the room kipper let's eat by the way real soon just
to piss off the real orthodox out there the house eat him and the other silly orthodox
people that are living in the stone age along with all the other religious peoples of the world
this bears repeating in case you missed it last week this this should tell you what the sports
nerds are all about kill our executed in Texas dies as a football fan this is a true story this is
from September 15 which was last uh whatever day it was Wednesday Huntsville Texas William Prince Davis
who killed a man for seven hundred twelve dollars who's been on death row for a zillion year
since June 78 by the way this is when he committed the murder praise the Dallas Cowboys professional
football team to baby four was executed here here is his final words before the lethal injection
took effect and he was pronounced dead I'd like to say in closing what about those Cowboys
that bears repeating over and over and over again that should tell you everything you need to
about the sports bag club in America what about those Cowboys oops so here's a picture on a front
page of the hero this morning Stephen Rosenberg before Lauderdale with a schmata on his head by
the way with a beanie on his head attends a yom kippur service at temple call on me in plantation
yom kippur which began Sunday at sundown last night is the time when Jews asked for forgiveness
a kippur city family about those out about some other stupid sir they got on the inside
I have only one question about all of this crap why yeah that's my question oh it's tradition
you know something so is slavery so is bigotry so is intolerance there are
thing that are traditional that should have been stopped on so all these initiation things and
these hazings at fraternities and in sports that hockey book that I got just unbelievable
and about halfway through I think I'll bring it into marmigree read it down here look at these
phone calls here now we had about five or six on air before now there's one is it a sin to use
the phone today oh must be a sin for even a grant to use the phone today that must be the excuse
okay please give me and nobody's in school today because it's a Jew holiday everybody's
pertain to be Jewish today you know the Goyang Martin Chul I'll tell you that yeah how can you be
in school then you got to be in Chul that's what I say and I got one call on the board five six
seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T White House line let's hear from some Jews
who are eating today who aren't going to show who aren't celebrating these ridiculous silly holidays
atoning for your sins my ass how about God should have toned for his sins huh like the hurricane
that killed last count with 74 people are probably more than that that God started because he was
pissed off again here's a mobile in Miami hello hey Neil yes sir happy young kipper and back to you
thank you can we do can we next your meal today for you before we go okay I certainly will do that
anyway did you catch yesterday's hero the three page spread on how they're going to do the public
and to build in a stadium no oh I'll try to factor to you was three pages long it's a special
and how they're to try to mimic everything San Diego did to to build the yes one they could have
and could have happened john Henry your dream and you're living in the law all-end baby it's not
going to happen it's incredible Neil you got to get your hands on that section of the newspaper because
it's truly amazing yeah and three pages and not one did they mention that just last week the
beaches the the hotel people have voted it down no they're trying to act that a secret by bearing
it there I never had one phone call about that on Friday one of the most embarrassing disgraceful
things in history here's a very important unanimous vote and they voted no we're not going to give
one more penny of the hotel tax to the guy to john Henry or anybody else for more readers and
stadiums and they bury it in the business section on the bottom of the page yeah well yesterday
three pages they could not find a paragraph to stick that article in just to mention that the
hotel people said hey john Henry screw you I must be crazy I must be not exactly okay pal thanks for
the uh... happy your young kipper happy young kipper everybody but not supposed to be a screw you
okay it's a silly bunch of crap open it's our most uh... yeah most silly day of the year when
you're supposed to fast and by the way speaking of fasting you know this i'm just wound up i got
so much crap here today i don't really care if you call or not to be honest with it because what do
you got you know you engage with bag wow that's that's the uh medley your material you know
that's just towns material
first of all this thing on the front page with this picture here this is more propaganda being
spawned by the media always sucking up to religion is there anything on our hands here's a guy with
a beanie on why that would seem to be a logical question why is this man wearing a beanie and holding
a book written in a language that goes from right to left that he can't read and don't understand
anyway there's a very good question you know i'm saying the question is why but that's not on there
because the media has to continue pandering and pandering and pandering never ever stops never
here's a model in cross-bring hello no how you don't like okay sir
well we've got two Jews working today what is it i thought i was the only two Jews working today
yeah i called you Friday go to take today off remember we could use religion to kill each other
we could use a take a day off uh-huh i went out to dinner last night let me tell you the day
the day the other Jews start fasting that's day to go out to dinner yeah no lies no house yeah what
is that all about what is the point of that even although obesity of course i started to say is
the number one illness in america you do understand that don't you sir yes sir fat is the number one
obesity and the number of the number one illness rather than number one killer in this country
and you realize that people are turning all these quack pills and dangerous drugs because the medical
profession is usual has let them down if abandoned us because they don't know squat about making
people lose weight they know nothing about it not that i want to look on doctors but i might for
two or three hours today fakers butchers murderers yes go ahead sir okay go ahead
hey get down here at this bag you have the anticoity okay i'm going to see you pal
well he's got laryngida if it's it's good enough for baba it's good enough for him i thought he
was yodeling first i think that's those are the first signs of syphilis aren't they
well i don't want to say that i thought it was a shanker so anyway look it look like bill
Bradley might actually have a chance there because algor it will talk come to fight out algor could
have a fixed election even against the dollar like the bush man always like that bill Bradley
not he's pretty boring anyway why is why is Stephen Rosenberg and all these other jews
standing there holding this book and with this thing with a schmoth on his head although at least
he's not wearing a talisman all the other trappings like you're a barbaric accountant friend
their david who every time i think of him i just shudder and i although i will say that he's a
microcosm of all the problems of the world he is he is a walking living and breathing and i use
those terms very loosely microcosm of all that's evil and horrendous and sick and tragic in the world
you see this business about tradition traditions only reinforce those things that separate
peoples keep them apart and and perpetuate their hatreds and and the bigotry that's what traditions do
so tradition isn't good tradition is usually sick and pathetic and doing something just because
somebody else silly did it for a long long time doesn't mean we ought to be doing it
monish tana halala haza why is this day any different from any other god damn night or whatever
the hell that thing is with this ain't even a holiday that we say that
even a glian though what that means i'll say one thing about new york even a glian
are Jewish in new york that's one of the good things about new york i can't say too much
else good about it look what they did to us here's the mobile and four-letter day hello
good morning yes sir Buenos dias
and just two things i want to tell you remember i'm sorry
Jewish sir no unfortunately i'm working
um listen remember as you're talking about the hercones and Notre Dame how you hate them
yeah and they both lost on saturday i don't know one round except you're good mood
i know because your team michigan stay with their butt for the third year in a row
right um listen how come it is all the professional Jews want to take all these holidays off
for this tradition yeah but when it comes around during a springtime when i want to take good friday
off mm-hmm can't do it why not and they make a big stink about it on it that's what i want to
understand i know i've got to be sure some ass on your forehead and just
i know you'll learn no seriously take off ass wins the in the ass yeah i know i mean when i
want to do i book i used to i was see why were you i'd start bringing my own lunch to work
bring some macaroni and cheese every friday and tell me you're real devout catholic
yeah right and on friday's eat food that enough for Jews it's good enough for the catlicks baby
listen you know Neil i was forced to go to catechism and i'm so sorry church yeah when i was
so you know i know all the stuff that goes on with these little facts in the church yeah i know all the
bs that you know the the things that you're supposed to on ash wednesday and palm sunday and all that
but every time i bring it up as i want to take friday off for good friday and they're like why
i'm like well why do you take your day off i flat them what they really with a religious
of discrimination suit i'd slap one with a big one man yeah i'm gonna make a federal lawsuit out of it
good they need to have a great day i'm not here listening to you i always listen to you i love you
all right bye see you there you go there's a good catlick boy oh five six seven oh far come on
let's get the Jews out of the closet here today stop pretending you're observing you're
kipper and you're in show today stop with this bullcrap i'm embarrassed for you okay every time
i look for Jews in this audience can we find any no everybody in this place even john penis like
i said even he don't show up today and of course Hank he's always Jewish you know one thing i'll
say for Hank he knows how to hell stay out of here if i'm not saying that i blame him but this guy
got more god damn vacations and holidays Jewish holidays Irish holidays i mean every god damn holiday
and here i am like a shmuck coming in here because we got a program director that doesn't have the balls
to say like a real man god almighty your kick and ask you bring it in all this money look at those
ratings look at those trends take the day off have yourself a good time have a nice three day weekend
does he say that no oh don't be a hypocrite i need you there oh that goes towards my two another
show on swing clubs which believe me if he does it could be his last 1026 is 560 wqm how to
shut good time for the great taste Neil this is noodles reminding you that it's always a good time for
the great taste
you rob
are i count here?
i'll take
He's for us.
Where's Master?
It's one.
He's after belief.
He gets headache from his son,
our West Page.
Tell me why he's really in for not the same age.
Tell me why he's really in for to be.
He's getting totally down hard.
That's how I'm going to get to me.
I want it that way.
Oh, I like the other one much better.
But anyway, it's a 1032.
Since that time, Chauvin died.
You know what I'm saying?
He said the same no more.
That's what Pocca Brian said.
Oh, I got one of his checks.
I must forgot about him.
56670560, 0560 on the AOT and T wireless line.
Looking for Jews who are eating today.
Here's a lady mobile in Parkland.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
I'm Neil.
How you doing?
Great.
I'm one of the chosen few.
I had a big breakfast this morning.
All right.
And now I've in my car driving around to go spend money.
And I think just for good measure, I'm going to take a fight with somebody.
Correct them.
All right.
So I thought that would be a perfect day.
Beauty.
And the other thing I thought was interesting is.
Don't you heard a few back this too before you're finished.
Yeah, perhaps if I'm lucky.
The priest out in San Francisco.
That the church is going after.
Yes.
The guy who molested all these altar boys.
Patrick O'Shea.
Yeah, good.
I was.
Quick to die with stupid because what he did, he stole money from the church.
And then the church got pissed.
Right.
They would have left them alone.
They don't care about that.
That's right.
Excellent point.
They don't give a crap about molesting altar boys.
That goes with the territory.
That's part of the, uh, perks of the job.
That's right.
So the guy with a schmock because he gets no.
Part of the perks of the job.
Yeah.
So have a great day.
And my other thing is when they say to me, have an easy fast.
Yeah, yeah.
So, uh, Neil.
Have an easy meal or two.
Yeah.
Okay.
That is it.
Yeah, we're eating today.
Okay.
And we don't care how many of you barbaric Jews from the Stone Age are fasting.
And you know, too bad.
We're going to eat.
In fact, I'm going to eat a lot on here.
I'm making it up.
I'm going to make like Steve Kane eating noises on here.
Smacking my lips.
Can we get like pork chop stuff with crab?
Oh, sounds excellent.
Yeah, let's eat a lot of selfish here today.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Let's have a couple of cheeseburgers.
Anything traits sounds good to me.
I'm going to piss off those silly Jews.
Okay.
Stop already with the barbaric nonsense.
Will you?
Oh, Christ.
Oh, but it's your kipper.
How can you be working?
I'll tell you one thing.
I'm taking off Martin Luther Kuhnday again this coming January.
I do every year.
Why the hell not?
I'm in granted.
It's easy to be Jew for a day because you can't really tell for sure
unless you're going to start checking under the fly, you know.
And even that's no proof in this country.
But it's kind of, see, it takes a lot of balls to take off on Martin Luther Kuhnday,
especially when you are as literally white and pasty looking as I am.
Nevertheless, I got plenty of black blood throwing through my veins.
Just like George does, even though he's in denial.
No, I think you're right.
Yeah.
Sparzer, nigger George, and you can be a-have-the-gay rat.
I've wore my f-flashes to work today because when I was a little kid, my mama,
always used to say, I'll be sure to put on your f-flashes even when I was summer shine outside
because he's a real nudge, a real real nudge, a pest, undudnic, who by the way
was rifling through my garbage several weeks ago and found a Snickers bar wrapper.
One of the all-time great lines that was-I was rummaging through his garbage.
Yeah.
I'm going to leave some real good crap in there pretty soon, Mom.
In fact, maybe some-yeah, from the dogs leave your present in there too.
We'll wrap them up in Snickers bars.
In fact, maybe it'll look like a little baby roof bar, you know, like a-can't-he-like floating in the punch bowl, something like that.
Here's North Miami, hello.
Rassianatovar to all my Jewish friends.
Uh-huh.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
Why are you working now?
What do you mean by that?
Because I do air every year. I'm not going to be-
Is that right?
Okay, well, there's no-
I mean, if the program director would be a manch, which he's not, and he would have said, take today off,
I'd have said, sure, whatever you say. I mean, whatever turns you on.
I have a lot of Jewish friends, right?
I don't think I would have said to him whatever turns you on, yes sir?
Well, you don't want to be that.
But this guy is only Jewish when it's-when it's cool.
When it's convenient, yeah.
When there's some perks to be had.
Yeah, but it's cool about it, he's honest.
Yeah.
Yeah, so I don't know, but-
Oh!
That's freaking Jeff Beforest, man, at Beful.
I hate you.
You know something, if you could see the pupa hanging out over his belt, this man-
I ran it all the way to the forest down the keys.
Yeah.
He's huge.
He is.
He's almost as big as Hank was.
And I told him all the way to Hank lost, he found it.
Yeah, and he found it.
But when he was when I wanted to a Marlons game, and I thought that red-headed freaky guy, what's his name?
The Booster?
Oh, man.
You know, we haven't-I haven't seen him for over a year.
He won't show his face as he's still bigger than the guy at the house.
He looks like two raid oranges together.
He looks like two apartment complexes together. He looks like Duplex.
He's unbelievable.
Anyway, no, that was it, and does I go something?
And the back to it.
We even got the spartus speaking it as sh-
I was going, Neil only-
Oh, God!
Could do that.
Here, Steven, I hate to pick on Steven, because he's probably not a bad guy.
But he just happens to be on a front page in the heraldor this morning with his schmata on his head.
And everybody in town is asking,
Why?
Is this man standing there with a beanie on his head?
What's the big cemus?
And why are you paying dues to go support subsidized this crap, this drug?
Oh, we got to do it.
It's tradition that's over 5,000 years of tradition of doing something stupid.
Why?
What's the point?
Gotta with tone for your sins.
What sins?
Let me say it again.
Let God could have made this paradise.
We don't have to have no cancer.
We don't have to have no goddamn diseases.
We don't have to have all these germs and likely a spider bites that you're-
We don't have to have no spider.
Of course, you couldn't have little Miss Muffa without a spider, I guess.
That would have shot the hell out of that.
Without the itchy, itchy spider.
All these God people, all these brainwashed silly people, you're silly.
You're just ridiculous, you're silly, you're embarrassing.
Just like, you know, a Superman, I mean, cartoon people, comic book-right people,
they can make up characters that are invulnerable.
Could God do it?
No.
Could God get rid of the devil?
Could God get rid of this crazy thing called hell?
No.
Hell.
He made it.
What did he want to get rid of it?
No, no.
Now, see your blame and all elusiveers crap on the Lord.
Oh God, made hell.
No, you're wrong about that.
The Lord is- he was looking the other way.
Oh, and the preacher out there and forward.
Did you see what he said?
He said, God?
No, seriously, he said, I want to get the words right.
He said, God was there.
God was in charge.
He wasn't out to lunch.
Those were his exact words.
God was in charge.
He wasn't out to lunch.
People from all over the world got run away.
They were blessed.
And they were blessed.
They were having them.
Yeah.
They're in a better place now.
And this is pathetic.
They're in a better place.
They're in the ground in a box.
That's a hell of a outlook on life.
Okay.
That tells me a lot about your value on human life.
Being in a box in a ground is a better place than being here right now.
Oh man.
That says it all.
God was in charge.
He wasn't out to lunch.
Well, I mean he could be out to lunch today because it's young Kipper
Now he's you don't think he's eaten today
Huh because I'll tell you one thing God if you're eaten today. We all know what you're gonna do good. I'll exactly
21 before 11 and 5 60 WQ
Welcome to the drive through window
May I take your order?
Yeah, I'll take a double cheeseburger no onions
Yeah, and large coke
Regular how much is that gonna be
Oh
And what kind of an image anyway al recto meanness
It's 1044 at 560 WQ a.m
Of course now this of Van Van thing and all kinds of articles about that is the date approaches in early October is October 11
I do believe that they're gonna be a maybe doing their thing
See the old Cubans we hate to break the news to you
But there's a whole bunch of people gonna take Dave County back. There ought to be a big project starting today starting on you
I'm Kipper. It's called reclaiming Dave County
What do you give me a look like that for what does that mean why?
What do you mean why why the hell not used to be pretty good might be pretty we all got out of there?
No, that's that let's take it back just just to piss them off piss off the old Cubans. Let's do it. We're taking it back
In fact, I say it was Van Van
They're gonna be doing a concert every Friday night right down the middle of bison tenio park right down there at the at the domino park
Dips on the freedom Salah fat domino park are gonna be doing a concert just to piss off the old Cubans who want to tell us how to do everything who can who can
Sing who can do this who can do that. I'll tell you what you can do
That's right
Here's a lady mobile and curl spring. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, ma'am. How are you great? I just want to let you know I am a Jew and I am not working today
And I just got left the dry through a McDonald's all right great
and
I'm going for a drug test
That's what I'm doing. You're going for a drug test
Everything it's not poor me to be eating
I'm trying to get caught the drug test. That's true. I probably would and I want to know something to call somebody a douche bag
Dr. Mark you're a bone crushing douche bag. Okay, and I love you Neil. See ya
Well, we don't have any a lady game player so far today. That's a good start
I won't take too long like that bitch. They're called on Friday playing the crap in the background
I'll tell you one thing she did make a good point and that is instinct
They sound real good on the phone don't buy their videos. Certainly don't buy their CDs and don't watch their crap on
MTV or any other place, but if you want to hear and sink listen to somebody else play it over the phone
Like if they're in the toilet and your phone is in the living room like if you're a hundred yards away from the guy damn phone
They sound great
Another game player why did they play so many games?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Have we heard from anybody who was ever through any of those hazing initiations in a fraternity or in a sports thing
No, and you want to know why we never do because they're too embarrassed
They're too embarrassed to admit about all the home-oy rather crap that was going on at the gate club
You more on all these fraternities where allegedly macho guys who really want to get laid with young women allegedly and maybe they do but nevertheless
See that that dispels all your theories again about you know
It's either this or it's either that the Frick or frack. Well, there's buys oh buy this they're all over the place
But you talk about latent and blatant
I mean all these fraternities and all the hazing crap and this hockey book that I'm reading I'll bring it into Marl
It's even got the story about the one kid that did the they had made him put the marshmallows in the rectum
No, seriously, they made him stick the marshmallows in their ass and then whichever one was able to pop it out first
The other kid had to eat both marshmallows. What about that bucket game that was on the
Yeah, that's in there. That's in the book
They said they said hey listen if you can't do it just a bucket
And they did here's booker hello
Hey, Neal, are you doing okay, sir? Well, that was disgusting now. I really want to fast
June not in shul. Anybody for a weenie roast here's a dude. It's not in shul
All right, how come this phone isn't lit up with you is that aren't in shul today?
Not fast things none of that crap good
First time caller you still listen to you when I lived here 12 years ago just moved back about a year ago
You moved back from where?
Chicago. Oh, why would you do that because if you ever lived there no cold as hell outside of great stakeholders
It's a rat it's rat and fat but it's terrible really too cold
And I'll six months out of the year it's six feet of snow
I have a question and I've one request I try to stay on the Atkins plan
Oh, and you mentioned something about Tyson beef strips one time. Yeah, then the frozen food section
Yes, they're in bags, you know where they have the bags would like to stir fry stuff the meat and the chicken all that
Yeah, I never find them
Where do you shop it public? Yeah, pubics they're at pubics really I don't have to try acts acts for them
I will act for how about today stuck in a temple with Jews. Okay, that'd be fitting you got it happy circus
Yeah, Zagazon stuck in the temple with Jews sounds big to me. We're here from a lot of Jews today
No, because they're all pretending to be real religious and devout. They're atoning for their sins
Yeah, they're atoning for taking that extra discount
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and Davy. Hello
I knew I'd do it today. Okay, sir
I'm due
Following my own rhythm today. Let's just say I
Here's a Jew that's on the rhythm method today. I just I just loaded up on a bunch of bread and sausage gravy
I could for bread now I'm on my way to go and tell my sins in the river known as the Davy sewer system bread and sausage gravy
But that's about as glass as you can get that's great. Well, there's reconstituted bread that you flush count as
Washington, we also should play Timmy Dean's bagels today to an honor of young Kipper
Oh, that's all I got. I'm just gonna fart around all day not try to make too much out of it. Okay. I've been good
Okay, all right. I'll see you down under
He's gonna fart around 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 see I want to feel by the time I get done here at two o'clock
Even though it is a Monday and a special Monday. I want to feel that it was worth my while
And George is laughing already because he knows that it's a lost cause
5 6 7 0 5 by the way, here's a very strange letter to the editor in the hero this morning. It says note to HD TV
Ray high definition TV. I have five TVs in my home
I can see an ingrown here on a guy's face in a close-up. What happened to democracy? I don't need HD TV
This is a joke that's not funny and I'm in sense
He's in sense says Roy Morris in plantation. He's pissed off and fired up about it, baby
He don't want the HD TV. He can see it queer enough already
Think you got a good point there Roy
Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hello. Neil. I want to
Collaborate something with you about fraternity. Yes
I was in the fraternity. I went through the pledge week
Payton my personal gold and silver plan to pay to your private always got to get a hold of your private parts
That's all these fraternity boys are all about they want to see a naked they want to grab it
They want to squeeze it. They want to get you to do something with it. They tied the gang rape me right?
I fought him off and then on the following night they tried to make me kill a kid
And that's when I walked out of all my clothes and everything else and my father was furious
Yeah, he was a former alumni. I want to make another comment about this ridiculous
holiday of the Jews
Boy, you know, they talk about tradition the concept of tradition is
Murderous look what look at the tradition of circumcision where they remove the male foreskin and the female clitoris and thank God
Well, wait a minute. Who's the Jews don't remove the female clitoris those other blight people are very innocent
Yes, I did I'm up till up till about the second century
Yeah, Jewish women being very strong. I told you Jewish men screw yourself
You do what you want with yours. I keep mine. Mm-hmm. Oh, it stopped ending but the air is great
You said continue that to read tradition and
My wife Jewish and she had bacon and eggs this morning and
And went to work. Okay, funny for me
Now you're talking have a nice day and back to you. There's a smart guy one of the few
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
There's a guy there's one guy that had the balls to stay up and tell us the kind of juvenile embarrassing crap that goes on and he's
Hazing rituals and fraternities in sports in the military
Ridiculous just unbelievable. They're all sitting there. Oh, yeah, you're failure
What do you add? That's right? At least I'm out of the closet. I'm not putting on an act for everybody like all you closet cases out there
That are running around trying to gang rape your you know classmates
Because it's a macho thing. I just can't imagine any real heterosexual guy who's a hundred percent purely one on a Richter scale
I can't imagine what him even wanting to see you know all these other guys start making what's what's the point?
You're getting your underwear so I can spank you no forget about getting your underwear. That's just for starters
That's just a start that's for play
Here's Margie. Hello
All right here because you came in today and give care enough to give your very best today a sound bite from less the last
Yesterday's game Jimmy Johnson. I think we're leaving himself
From the post game show yesterday. Beautiful. Isn't that a classic?
Squared squirt. Yep. All right. That's all I got to contribute. Okay. Thank you. So okay there you go
That was one of those in-fresalt time great lines, which that don't cover a lot of territory. I'll tell you that
560.560 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile and crawlgables. Hello. Hello. Neil. Yes, Neil
I have something for you. I haven't do it yet. Why Jewish women like circumcision so much?
Yeah, because they want 20% off of everything. That's true. That's it. No little off the top
Okay, pretty weak 560.7.0 560 pound 560 on the AT&T line not even a little bit of clock in it's really weak
Let's order some lunch. Okay. Let's get some good crap in here today. Who's open today all the going will be open?
Pretty what do you want? I don't know. I had all those
Slim Jim this morning. Hold bunch of
Because they're gonna Iverse 6 you had four I did buy five but somebody's full of that one
560.560 pound 560. I'd like some good kishki, you know, but we can't get the good kishki anymore
And certainly the due places aren't open today. How about a good kosher deli delivering today?
I'm Kipper
560.560 pound 560 and too bad about that villa deli. Huh?
Did we ever get the definitive word on that? They're closed. They're done. Finito. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello
Hi Neil. How are you? Okay, sir
Sunday paper some Sentinel John Henry was added again out in Phoenix
quoted here as saying
Let's see. Margillian's future is largely dependent upon getting a stadium built and said tourist taxes could be used
Unless quote special interest on quote stand in the way of securing such support
Wonder who those special interests would be maybe maybe the tourist
Maybe the hotels don't want to pay
Charge another tax to their customers
Maybe crazy. I must be nuts
That's right John. Yes, you are. It's a wander a bunch of schools haven't taken you away somewhere and the people of the hero
Let me talk about blatant. Why don't they just put it on the front page under the mask head?
We're here to shield for John Henry. We were wearing his little is left pocket
Well, I think their next article is probably gonna be somewhere in the front
You know, maybe guy can't sleep and come back with another editorial about Cincinnati and how that stadium has really brought back to city
Yeah
Okay, pal. All right. Thanks a lot. How about Cleveland?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line a really weak Monday
La Shona tova whatever it means okay, in other words get off the guy dimmer. Ligious crap and let's have lunch
Oh, you're not gonna change us. We've been doing this for 5,000 years and we believe in it
No, you don't know you don't you don't believe in any of it
You do it because your parents did it and their parents before them and you do it because you've been brainwashed and they're doing it
And anybody with a brain is sick and tired of all these stupid idiotic rituals and all is
nonsensical crap with a capital K
10 56 at 5 60 W Q I M by the way if you need deflensy we can get him on his page here on his
So sad
Always does that like like if we need him like if something happens here if we have a major emergency like if there's a fight
Oh, Greg there's a fight
Yeah, he can go out in the hall and start hyperventilating in case there's an argument Greg is a fight
Just
Take all the time off you want that okay?
Just just take all the time you want getting that getting that ink cartridge down there take two or three hours and stop it to then
It's again to
What a silly place
It is it's just a silly place. It's not a place of business
It's a silly place with a bunch of silly people and of course all of them are out of touch now because it's
Too holiday or anything Jewish no, but they're all out of touch anyway. They're out touching it
I bet you even raw I bet you even he ain't here today. It's probably down the other joint. Look at the guy or oh he is here
Raw is here. He's going through everybody's desk that are he's probably he's probably spying for the joint now
I
Don't know why I came here tonight. I got the feeling the something
Put on a arm
Don't take it off if you see your rabbi say my
Oh
Smokes to the left and me
Puts us to the right
I am
And I'm again a temple with you
And I'm wondering what it is I should do. I don't want to pray to throw away this wall
And I know that I don't like my football. No
Smokes to the left and me
I am
Well, you're in your daddy's business what you're claiming you're with something
Then your uncle's I come over ask your father go and
I
He said why don't you have that jubo take the day off I said okay, see you
Is nobody just said take the day off starting a two I think him
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T wireless line all of these things that people do because somebody told them to do them
If they would sit down and ask themselves, you know, just one very simple very short question, you know what that question is
That's the question right
God a one-letter question as in
Am I doing these things doesn't make any sense does it make the least bit of sense no
Don't confuse people with the facts. Oh, it's such a trouble making you starting up again on our most solemn day
Yeah, that's a good day to do it too by the way to point out how ridiculous this is so we got May days is bringing us lunch today from the
North Perry airport, you know the airport out there by where those planes keep cracking I'm sorry now
We love our friends at May days and we love North Perry Airport if you don't want planes going by don't have a house by the airport
That's all
How does that make sense to you?
If you don't want to be living where there's a lot of planes don't live near the airport sell your goddamn house
Okay, go someplace else
God
5 6 7 0 5 60
Pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. You fat side get you. Okay. Thank you. You old you you
5 6 7 0 5 60 and Zagasant to you. There's another good old you for it
He's probably laying to fill in the day the only thing you can lay at this stage of his life
Here's North for Lauderdale. Hello, Neil. I got a question for you. Yes, sir. How would you like to make 65,000 a year? I wouldn't
Okay, good not for me
Of course, how about a schlepper like you you'd probably be in a rather big step up for you
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
You evidently haven't looked around your pal just open up the window and take a look out there
Here's hi Alia. Hello. Hello. Yes. I was a born and raised in Rochester, New York
Now one I was
Not the voice that you weren't a boy was being haze for paternity for a for paternity
Yeah, and he
they took him to a
Congress Aidan Avenue cemetery. Yeah, and in the course of it
They had him climb a tombstone climb a tombstone. Yes, the tombstone stone. I mean he died from his injury
Uh-huh, so many of these figures I guess
I'm funny at least they didn't have to move them too far to a further funeral anyway
I go. Okay. Thank you. Okay, 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
We get any kind of a meaningful calls here today. No, no fat bag it fat bag it come on. Let's make a sign out of it
Oh fat bag it come on. Let's do it
Sing along
Just tears my kiske's out man just reaches in there. Then the tear my guts out. No
Tragical Jew
Here's candle hello. Hey deal. Yes, sir. I do not keep on you here. All right
Just let me know my way to lunch to have some black beans with pork strips
Beauty and then later on I'll be sitting on the throne of 20 for my sins. Uh-huh
Uh-huh. I want to ask you how come our orthodox Jew brothers? Hey, there's such a thickness for tradition
How come they are sacrificing animals to a ton of other sin? Oh, they are they are. Oh, yeah, mm-hmm. Okay
All right, I love you now have a great day pal
In fact understand that they're rounding up some Caribbean people. Oh, I'm sorry five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 to your
Wireless line. I had really horrendous cab driver yesterday going to take me the important to wrong
He was a Caribbean guy either I think Jamaican. I always assumed Jamaican, but I guess he could be
patient or something
Behaving behing in could be from one of those barbaric islands down the Dadeon. Oh he couldn't drive his finger up his
rectum now
I asked my thinking of myself got if you're a bad driver. It's probably not the best occupation to be as a cab driver, you know
Didn't phase him here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello. Hey Uncle Dale. Yes, sir
Hey, I don't know if you've ever brought this up, but did you get to read Hannibal?
I get to read what Hannibal the sequel this I don't know why would I read that oh I didn't know if
You had any interest in that whatsoever none okay
Well, that's why I thought maybe you'd be interested. No, I don't I know you priority cover this but
Rick Sanchez is okay five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 to your wireless line
It is so hard and now here's Timmy Dean founder of Timmy Dean for Exoscige with a few words about new Timmy Dean Vagal San Francisco
Hello, I'm Timmy Dean. You know if someone had told me it's 25 years ago that I'd be making bagels
I'd have said huh that's Jew food isn't it but times have changed and I guess I've got to change with them
But I don't have to like it you people want your bagels. I'll give you your bagels with a bagel
Greece's slab of timidine pork sausage on it new timidine non-coacher bagel sandwiches
You're doing you can buy them you just can't eat it new Timmy Dean Vagal San Francisco
There's a little bit of big it in everybody love a 13 at five sixty WQ
I'm all your kids out there your parents try to drag it a shul for these the ridiculous silly old holidays tell them
Cox the hoi is okay
Come to get lost and what time is lunch?
And that's right don't this fasting crap it's bad for you very bad for you
Isn't it no, but it sounds good to be good excuse to eat again five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
So anyway Greg Reen was in here. I said where's my backspeed boy stickets and he said yeah
And the kind of wandered out the door scratch in that same spot
And his head here's temper of pines hello. Hello Neil. Yes, sir. You know, I got something funny for you
Yeah, the guy bringing you lunch today Danny. We were talking about panties the other night
Yeah, and he starts telling me the Chris Wells and Peter War and Cavacher gonna be like the leading scores for the team
Chris Wells
Yeah, who had no goals and to assist last year you believe that crap
This guy needs a lobotomy. Who's that the guy that's bringing me lunch today? Yeah, Danny. Oh my god Danny
You need the serious health
You need some assistance Danny even works for the panthers and he doesn't get it
Oh, that's probably the reason probably why yeah, that's probably the reason these are project and man calls him on a douchebag
Yeah, sir Ron Schultz your a douchebag. Okay, see him how come I haven't got any spy reports on the path of
Reactivation game, huh? Because we're hockey intensive right? Oh, no
I'll tell you what kind of a town this is
Here's a headline in the Sun Sentinel. This is about the Marlin 10 game road trip on which they won one and lost nine
And one in nine marlins are encouraged
Now but they're losing almost every day, but the at least it's close give me a break. God
You think that anybody with a brain is buying this propaganda?
You think like I said anybody is buying this propaganda?
I must be crazy. I must be not exactly. It was too much effort
Why even waste your time on your own Kipper? You know, you're supposed to work at least if you're gonna work
Don't work too hard on your own Kipper
That's what they told me because then you really burdened hell for a long time like on high cook
Yeah, if you don't you know, they don't do too bad then it's only like on slow cook
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on it
I mean we could talk about the hurricane baseball teams back when I was broadcasting the game and two players who actually played in a major leagues
Ty and a kick in a cat and nailing it to the front door or somebody's apartment and the girl that they
Terrible eyes who tried to commit suicide and I think eventually did I could talk about that on the air but you guys don't want to hear that
Because that's a nasty stuff and of course it must be a rarity because real male real men don't do things like that real athletes
So when you wonder the next time you read about some poor young thing getting raped five bunch of jucks or gang raped or whatever the hell it is
You know it should be real surprise because that's part of the whole guy the American North American sports scene not just the American
Those young hockey players up there. They're either getting done or doing it though. We're both at the same time
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's pop it. Oh hello
Yes, sir
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line like I said those are always some of my favorites where they got the material all
Cued up and they spend all got only knows how much time diddling around and diddling around getting on the phone
To make into call getting on hold saying they're waiting and waiting and waiting and waiting and here come to their magical moment and about a half a second later
Those are always my favorite keep some off the streets anyway
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Let's hear it from Michigan State. Come on. Let's play the MSU fight song if we had a
Beaton Notre Dame beating the goddamn cat looks and see it's not really a Catholic thing Boston College is a Catholic school. I like Boston College
You know even though they don't have the greatest team in history everybody remembers that BC win over here
How's that flutty doing by the way?
I came there last night Doug
Yeah, everybody remembers the great the Hill Mary by Doug flutty for BC against the Huracone many years ago. Oh, yeah, I loved it
So it's not really just a Catholic and there's a lot of other Catholic schools to them but Notre Dame
There's just something special about them something evil about them and their entire mentality
There's the evil people even their uniforms are that dark black and gold. You know, it's like the sign of the devil
Yeah, in fact Lou Holtz when he left there he said that somebody stuck a pitchfork in his rectal that was the end of that
And I'll tell you know that you've been head when they send you off to South Carolina
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line. Here's Coral Gables. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you?
Let me tell you something
You know George tell me something sir our our great governor George plus. I mean Bush
Yeah, Bush is our governor. I mean, I mean Chad Bush. Sorry. Yeah wrong Bush. I'm sorry
Last week, you know right before her came forward was supposedly supposed to hit South Florida. Yes
He was live all over
The all the new stations even on cables CNN everything one minute into his speech. He got cut off. Yeah
You're so funny. I was speaking to my mom at the same time. It's as well. Floyd must be a Democrat
Yeah, you got kind of a wet the snow or even clip Floyd. Yeah, clip Floyd. Hey, this short. He's probably a Democrat
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
I'll tell you one thing like I said make it feel worthwhile like coming in on your own kipper today
Which I very easily could have taken off because they don't want no well, you know
Religious discrimination suit because even if you're an atheist there's lots of atheists Jews and young kippers a lot too
Serious to mess around with me on you know what I'm saying? So I could eat and of course around here
You can take any day off. They don't give a crap. It's long of the spots. Good on
But here I am showing up to it just like I did on the day in the hurricane at last Tuesday when everybody and their brother took off
Nobody was open. Nobody was working. Some of us showed up here
What kind of thanks did we get? What kind of appreciation? Did we get a goddamn middle? Did we get something extra for it? Did uh, no
By the way, do you find out if you're a bonuses in your paycheck?
We won't know for sure until actually get the piece of paper, but everyone in authority said that yes, it would be there
No, I don't mean would be I'm not talking about would be and should be and might be it could be
Well, you know, you just get with the order and uh and hope that somebody cares somewhere
Don't ever give an order like that again
Here's Miramar hello
Yes, sir. Yes, sir
Uh, first of all before I start off on a thank you towards for the case of highway beer
And I just got finished off last night and
I wanted to say something that you you were talking about a couple days ago, and I weren't able to call in
Uh, you know, I remember I wasn't able
Do any old J trial?
Yeah, everybody was pissed off and fired up and
A ralawar there we had months and months of material
Oh, yeah
Yeah, he did give us a lot of material. I'll say that a whole bunch of foolishness were going on and this guy came in
with this
Vincent bullioe see
load a book right about outrage right. I want to know how come nobody's outraged about
Just a little girl
That was about who the little girl John Bonnet
How come there's no books being written about this? Oh, there's a whole bunch of books being written about it
I'm going to write a book when nobody knows anything
Well, we know she's dead and as a matter of fact you mentioned OJ and that story
Lauren Schiller that wrote one of the big stupid books about OJ he wrote a big stupid book about this too and uh, you know
Really? Yeah, you know the the title
Do I know the title of it? Yes. Oh, I don't know, but his name is Lauren Schiller. It's a hard hard back
So I mean how many books by Lauren Schiller are there about you? But it's brand new. Okay. It's out there
Thank you, but you don't want to waste your money on it
Why I want to know I want you because she the reaction from the OJ trial
It seemed like this place was about to go into another civil war. Yeah, and now I'm hearing nothing about it
Because OJ was a big celebrity and uh, in fact we heard nothing about this child
MSNBC every three days they'd ragged out again other than hurricane is gone
What do you mean you hear nothing about it? There's little there's little kids anonymous kids that get murdered every day
And you never hear anything about it job and a ram you would have thought that she was god them
Queen of the universe you would have thought she was princess died Diana
Have a great day pal. Don't buy the book. Please people are starving and you waste the money on crap like that
God
And of course if you buy the tabloids you know if you'd find out that it's beyond a shadow of a doubt
The uh, and what do we have just the other day one of the detectives on good morning America?
We just had the story on Friday
That beyond a shadow of a doubt she was sexually molested repeatedly over and over and over again
In spite of all the niles about it. Oh, no, there was no evident. Oh, yes, there was
And like I said it must have been if it was an intruder the same intruder must have been or maybe she was just unlucky
Maybe a whole bunch of different intruders broken and because she was such a cute little thing
They kept my last thing or every time they go in there they'd rapered
Or maybe just some college fraternity kept breaking in there or some you know junior hockey team
Was breaking in there. Oh, no, they do that too
Now they make some feel more virulent way before they rape each other or before the coach does it
5670560 pound 560 on the eight-year laughing, but it's true
Here's Miami. Hello. That on you. Yes, sir. Hi
Let's go to a plantation. Hello
Plantation
Can't hear you though your phone ain't working. It must be taking a good off
I'm just saying a nice you boy was one Israel. Yes, and I'm observing like half of the holiday today. Why is that the loaf is better than that? No, I'm eating the whole day kosher
That's great. Yeah, but listen I won't tell you some stories three years ago and I came from Israel
Yes, I was working in New York and I had some
Hasidic guy electronics store, but they're on Lexington and
And the whole day you know the whole week I was your stories like the why don't you go to shoe
Want to teach kosher? Oh, why wouldn't you marry to a Jew? You know when you light up probably the candle and all on and all on and on
Anyway, I want to put fill in and everything's come to lay it. Yeah. Yeah, so comes young keep where you say I better better here that you went to shoe
Anyway, they have to it a complex to work
I said, you know, everything is usual we work today as usual. How is this over?
Anyway, 10 o'clock in the morning the first guy is about to come in says I'll be listen. I got a stolen credit card
Would you give me for it? I'll give you only 20 cents on it
And it's only 20 cents on a dollar and that the whole time you hear about you
Observing, you know, the religion, you know when it comes to real life. Yeah, but it ain't nothing like a discount
Yeah, but I'm saying just that the whole time why don't you be a real good you
You know, after the holiday after young keep where yeah, okay. Well listen have some kisky for me. I mean okay. So long
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line all your kids out there just say no okay to stupid religious crap any religion
Okay, which one it is they're all a bunch of lies. They're all about your hookers pokers. Just say I ain't going okay
You'll have to drag me kick it and screaming and then I'll file a guy damn discrimination suit against the dead
ma
Just say no Tom leave me out when and doubt leave me out you go and do all that barbaric stuff. I'll stay home and get later something
26 past 11 at 5 60 WQA you
Hi, I'm Hal Pranceler from gay Rodic Farms the other day when I was out on a day hike with my men's group and something really strange
Happened you see one of the guys hit me over the head and the next thing I knew I was tied face down to the ground
But naked and while this experience didn't give me a great idea for a new drink. It was sexually very satisfying
Gerotic Farms a man an idea a plastic bottle
Too big
Smaller plastic bubble Gerotic Farms. It's 11 30 at 5 60 WQ. What do we got coming up today?
By the way? We got Jim Manage at two because Hank has been a professional Jew
At the 6 to 8 45 we got Kimberville camper then we got Monday night football the Falcoons at the Cowboys
Plenty of open lines for you almost no waiting 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T wireless line
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, Neal. How you doing? Okay, sir
Yeah, I did you hear about that crazy guy who got into a fight with his ex wife and blew her head off and then his yes
I mean his name was Enrique by the way
You know, I don't understand passing. I know I don't understand what's the what's the problem with these people?
I mean we can't go to church we can't go to church safe
We we we can't
Our kids are in safe and school anymore and it's like if you want to solve a problem
Just get it done and blow everybody's head off
Well, you know, I saw them interviewing some of the neighbors on the news this morning
I guess it was and they were all saying well, you know
If they wouldn't have had a weapon in that house, nobody would be dead today
I'm not saying yeah, you know and
It's a losing battle man. This is part of the American psyche here. It's you're fighting a losing battle
Psycho better people out there and you know on the Saturday game on the hurricane game that you ever see
I'm like about five seconds. They put Joe Sedgacchi on the television. Yeah, and they just keep the way he was dressed
No
It was like a total gay lord
Yeah, all right. Okay. Thank you. Whatever you said anybody said no five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
Let's place some some of them kipper music today because I can see it's gonna be a long two and a half hours till two o'clock
Here's a mobile in western. Hello
Hi
Oh, I'm a two I was dancing the bank and I had a good morning great and
I
I was driving to the bank at the keys right I had no rocket on and I was like at about 10 30 and I chuckled to hear you on and that you're after plus the call and
It's you know very interesting what you say that
Uh, you know people are forced in for a little bit tonight
Just
There you go. Do not harm sounds good to me. Okay. Get a new phone pal and the zagasant phone is a terrible
Okay, one call left in the board. That's gonna be it. I guess five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the AT&T line in the town where they just refuse to send their very best three been to worse
They just can't do what they can't get it up
23 and a half years of this agony of pleading and squeezing and begging and cajuling
Even just to think about hazing and college fraternities in a real town where we had some people with just a little tiny pair of ball bearings
That would get 7,000 people off their ass right on the phone telling a story that would raise the hero on the back of your neck or maybe on your neck
Oh, that's right
But these people are too push-a-fi they won't tell you the truth because then we'll think bad about them
Then we'll think that they're less than real men and of course we know that all of these guys out there especially on this sports bag station
Our real men because real men take showers together
Just ask Brad Davis. So we can't feel in too well
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Oakland Park. Hello a neo happy kippers or
Happy kippie hearing right like his own or whatever that uh-huh
I just have one question it went and I went to school in the 60s and 70s, you know we never got to stay off
Yeah, okay the kids are off school and
You can't go to school everywhere and there's school pal don't forget that what's that I said
It's a due holiday
And of course they call it a teacher's work day, you know they don't dare say oh it's a Jewish holiday
So they make it I'm sure in both day and brow it in any place elsewhere. There's more than 10 Jews living like Palm Beach
Oh, it's a teachers work day today
I have people that I need to work working in my office here. They can't work because their kids are off school
Yeah, it's crazy like that. Uh, I am taking
ML Kelly MLK birthday or whatever it is. I'm taking it there Martin Luther Cunia
We're taking that day off. I think it's January 17 something like that and it sounds like you probably should have taken a day off today
I should have for this cut for this kind of response. I could have stayed home and phone to God then show in
But nonetheless, we love you. We're glad you're on. Okay. Thank you. Don't eat too much kishki. It'll kill you
What is this letter the outhouse news and world report? What is this? What is this? Oh my god John Henry it says has a screw loose
Okay, Tommy whatever you say oh speaking of medication by the way
I read a great piece of one of those alternative health magazines and it wasn't by somebody from the Scientologist George
About all the kids taking all of these drugs and that's why all these horrendous things are going on and this violent behavior by the young people in this country
And the fact that those kids out there in little tin were both on those drugs and that's why the one kid got refused by the Marines
All these things all these people on Prozac. I'm gonna tell you if you want if you want to learn why it's bad to be on those
Prescription drugs just come in here on some regular workday. We'll sit you down in a room with Peter Leonard for about five minutes
That's all you'll need to know and you'll never let your kids anywhere near those kind of drugs
And you certainly if you got a half a brain will never be taken any the only prozac you ought to be exposed to is the music not the guy then drug
Here's homestead. Hello. Yeah, sir
I'll be only think I'd like to a tone for today is not calling you enough
Yeah, that's this whole audience should have told for that. You know this may
appeal to purion interest
Sure George will years will pop up but you know my wife and I do swing
And one of the things that we decided to try this year we we were you know
We always look you for something new and different
We went to a shelter
We do we do live
We do live on the beach and we just decided hey, you know, yeah, as well as my wife especially
I replaced the swing then and I had a
Hercane shelter. Well, she also likes sex in public places. Uh-huh. We decided just we got to get off the beach and we got to get off anyway
Yeah, so that's uh, I was about to go to a hurricane shelter exactly. We went to north Miami
Of course they always sit those shelters. They got those big blankets very but a hunkered down under so you know got only
knows what's going on there. Let me tell you we were hunkering down
We had to blanket a slip up a little bit under and uh, he did her usual cat calls and
rectum uh-huh
Of course it was late late in the night even the night as they say. Yeah, I'll better wait
George might want to consider something like that. I mean for sex in public places, you know
What's they gonna do tell us we can't screw that's true. Okay, listen. We'll see it. Camilla's house
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line see with George
I mean the whole thing is just so obvious and like I said I have no problem. I'm all for the swing clubs
I'm all for any kind of adult establishment. I'm all for them. Nobody drags anybody in off the street with a sky hook
But in George's case it's so blatant and so obvious that what he's trying to do is be intellectually dishonest with himself
If you want to cheat on your wife go out and do it. Just don't talk about it. Just go out and do it
Which of course we know we already use anyway, but that's beside the point
But don't you know don't try to like do it the half-ass to either do it or don't do it
Don't try to like lure all these other people and say oh honey here have another 20 or 30 beers
And let me see if I can't con you would have believed here. Well, whatever to have you wrote lickering her up with
Kitting her with whatever
I said I see that's why I like bubble okay
He cheated on the ice princess and he's not going to swing clubs. He's doing it like you know
Like a real man. Not like some so little spictive pretending to be a swinger
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
I got to follow that. Yes
Well, anyway, I just wanted to thank you maybe you wanted that guy to Salvation Army someday. Oh, I'm just saying yeah
We're speaking of salvation. We were
doing a lot of hurricane really over here in NASA and
Freport and March Harbor with a spider coming through. I say thanks. Yeah. Okay great
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line whatever you said
Whatever you said sir
How many you see there's certain things no matter how many times I bring them up like the thing and I'm reading
I'll bring in a book tomorrow as I forget the name of it. I mentioned that on Friday and thanks again
My lawyer friend down there in a key is presenting me that book which killed a lot of good time on a plane going up and coming back
great book
Macho sport like hockey and of course it's the same in all other sports and in fraternities and in the military anywhere that there is hazing
Hazing
Exists for only one reason that's a date club you moron that is absolutely correct
Regular ordinary one of the male pedestrian heterosexuals don't have any need or desire to see their friends their male friends
Naked in their underwear to see their testicles to dittle with them to play with them to etc and so on to put marshmallows in their
Bracken fill in the rest of the blanks how about a little shoe polish
I can't even like that I heard Jordan nice night is in bed
22 before noon at 5 60 w q a m
That's what I hear
Boy Sam ran out of there like like a bad
Get the Hoover out the moon mine
You
Have said
All the disease down there
It makes you want to cry
So no from who it came
If it's in drive you insane
It makes you want to die
Oh
Because now you've got this problem
You know
Let's see that
Go insane you're out of your mind. Oh, we're fine
Do many
1144
550 w 2
By the way I understand that the Phil Lassman view is a professional do today. Oh, how come we don't have that thing anymore?
Do we have it? Yes
But then I'm just calling for time in case you haven't noticed that that's me
Yeah, anyway, so he was a professional do this morning. Third of morning off. Guess what we're doing the morning sports on
IOD this morning
Since Lamon I guess you're doing the afternoon
Our good-close personal friend Pete Boulder. He's an asshole using some phony name doing the sports this morning
IOD. Oh
How said what they have done what they have done to that place?
Nice going Rana
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and tamarack hello. Hello. Yeah
Happy holidays. Yeah, I want to know your comment
There's an article in today's New York Post about tattooed Tannen. Yes, and he said that colleges should recruit mostly
non-Jewish whites and had Jewish groups with two or two influential in the US foreign policy. Yeah, he says that
Do you agree with disagree? I agree. What is there no he's a really the Nazi? What are you worrying about Pat? You can't in for
I was just reading. I found that a very funny do tremendous service for the Democrats next year
He's gonna run on a reform party in cipher a lot of way a votes away from Bush. Nice going Pat
Oh, let me ask what do you think did you actually ask a dela? Oh?
What would I watch that it was a dump? Why would I watch it? It was a good fight, but it was a dump
No, it was not a good fight anybody that even likes boxing. I didn't wouldn't say it was a good fight. They said it was boring
I'm watching a reaction. Have a great day
Oh my god, did I he's asking me did I watch the fight?
You see what I'm saying no matter how much I tell you how I despise boxing and how barbaric and idiotic and ridiculous it is
There are people who assume that just because it's there. I'm gonna watch it
I want you to say pay me by the second one I want you. No, what is wrong with you man?
567 05 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Had our first exhibition game of the year one of only two against the Bruins on Sunday night
Which I noticed they lost for Friday. Whatever the hell it was. Did we get one call about that? No
All we do is get a call from our buddy Danny's boyfriend there. Tell us about Chris Wells is gonna do this
Did we get any report from anybody that was there? No, nothing
But this guy wants to know did I watch the fight?
You're calling the wrong show sir
You're calling and by the way it's interesting since I'm not the sports maven
I'm driving to work this morning and in between CDs
I hear the little dog go down about how amazing was that they're using instant replay for spotting the ball
Didn't I talk about that last week?
Even you remember that in the Patriots jet skin about the controversial fourth downplay
Tommy Tupa makes a die for it
Did he make it the official say no and how he goes the if where the referee goes they they call it official timeout and sticks his head in that thing on a screen
To see about spotting the ball. I I ran and raved about that hand came in here and I talked to him about that
And the little dog just discovered that yesterday and you want to know the reason because I got a satellite dish
I see all of these different games. I see more football games in one weekend if I'm home then some of these guys see in a whole season
And they're on there
But that that that that that you know talking up a storm and getting 50 million phone calls from people who think they know something
Here's a lady in bokeh. Hello
Hi there Neil. Yes, man. Hi there. Just want me to introduce myself because I want to tell you this is my first call
I started listening to you when I was 24 and that was 23 years ago on the guy. Oh wow
I know it's a long time. I adore you. Obviously
Serious business. My daughter now who was the youngest caller actually she was four years old when she called you
She's in the college of nursing up to the University of Florida now
She called over the weekend. There was a young man who was beaten to death by Tennessee fans
Beaton to death beaten to death. He was in surgery for seven hours for his brain and he died
He was just a nice young kid. I knew of him didn't know him personally. It doesn't matter
This is what the fans did up there. These crazy crazy lunatic fans far variants
I don't and it hasn't been in the paper here. They beat him to death because he was a Tennessee fan. No be no
Tennessee and seven ten I mean because he was a he was a
Gator fan or whatever a gator who cares what they are right the bottom line is they're disgusting human beings if human is the word
Tennessee. Well, that's subhuman.
Obviously, he said these crackers. I don't want to say that she's a nice little Jewish girl saying that so she I told her don't say anything
You know and but it nothing in the New York Times nothing even in the Bovertone nothing anywhere and I wanted to
Let people know people listen to you obviously and
It's
That shouldn't go in vain. Well, how can they suppress a story like that? I don't know
I don't know I called up the times and you can't even get through to them
And I'm sure what about our local papers for you about the times. What about the hair of the sun sent them absolutely nothing
And this is just unconscionable, you know
There's a line there between you know having a riotous good time and and taking yourself over that line and
Killing someone because you said on the Gator fan. Yeah, going home right off campus
It's crazy. This is a you're right. This is a crazy
Sixth the world the world is sick. I know I know
I'm just besides myself as a parent. I was you know obviously
Incredibly upset and just as a human being that what the hell and my kids have to live with these animals
Yeah, we got a whole bunch of people with beanies on
Yeah, mumbling words today that they don't know I know I know I'm a beanie
You know, what's the plan? What what good does it do? It doesn't do a damn bit of good and speaking of beanies in the times
They had a very funny picture
The pope was giving some kind of wonderful speech about you know increasing the population and his beanies blew up
And I have this picture of it, you know, it was it was you I know it was humor
But enough to flip my lid. Okay. Well, thanks for the you had depressing news. I love you. Okay. I see you. Okay
Okay, how come we can't get anything about that stir well
It was only one you know, I mean even the story for worth there were seven people got shot that didn't get too much
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's a mobile and point and beach hello
Hey, Neil. I feel like Casey Casey just getting some death requests. They're not one act of law
Anyway, what I just I feel like Casey with that death request
Anyway, just go up say hey, I'm out of here. There's something funny about what you just said that I missed something funny about that
Nothing funny about it
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. You're a jerk sir. You're a jackass. You're an idiot
But I guess you already knew that and so did everybody else who knows you
Here's the mobile in Miami. Hello
Neil yes, sir. Love this show
That last color really isn't in it. Yes, the jackass a simple little on and I'm gonna ask you question
Are these three vehicles he's an asshole no
Haven't seen it
And I'm jagged from that last call. What's about?
Uh, sir. The vehicle is similar to the six cents. I recommend you go see it. You're gonna love the movie
It's a great great one. You got his pseudo intellectual like Kevin Bacon knows
Yes, we're Kevin Bacon. Kevin Bacon thing. Yeah, but it's a really good movie. Yeah, that's movie ever
I think it's the one where Kevin Bacon's run around naked in the home movies then
No, he's a dick in the home movie pretty much
Just digging all the digging home. Yeah, he was okay. I'm guiding light on producer. He was all right
Yeah, he was all right. He was working in further the course, but yeah, that's what was on the
Okay, I'll go see you right now
Oh god, I'm gagging on it
Wow, it's in the ear in here probably
I think what it is God is punishing me for working on young kippers. Oh, probably what it is. He's pretty pissed off
Emotional he gets he's such a he's a basket case this goddamn god. He just you know
Every time something doesn't go great and then the worst part of it is he already because he's omniscient and knows of it
He knows he's gonna screw up every time and he still keeps doing all these things and then he blames somebody else for it
Ah Jesus Christ almighty
5 6 7 0 5 60 pond didn't we have a doctor Mark call earlier in the show somebody trying to mention his name
No, I didn't he actually did I didn't he had a doctor Mark. No, we haven't that boy. You are really sensitive
I haven't even said hello yet. Hello defensive. Hello
Is this the offensive doctor Mark pleasant coincidence that
We've been out of touch for a while. I was listening to on and off into car. Yeah, well, I'm not doing too much
Doctering at the moment. I know that and I'm happy for you
Better to be without doctors for a while. You know that especially this obesity problem that I've got man
It's that is one of the most complicated things my weights come back up again too for a while
Yeah, how do you like that? I don't like it number one health problem in America. It's an illness. It's not it's a
Obesity is the number one color in this country and you guys have let us down
But anyway, I mean you specifically
That's a profession as a healthcare industry. We've let a lot of people down on a lot of things
That's by the way over ways 220. I thought I'd mention that again
Saw her fat ass in a tabloids again this weekend. So like I said it was a coincidence
I was gonna call you and you know because I never got those lists that are results or anything and I assume we're still friends and co-workers
Yes, but then one on my patients my homo assisting went down from 15.4 to 10
How do you like that?
All it takes is so simple and it's even in my brain I think that anti-homo formula
No, you can't be at the homo anti-homo formula
All right, I'm looking pictures of Britney Spears a lot. Yeah, I'm not gonna be in the Britney Spears video
So one of my patients told me that he heard my name mentioned on the way down
I said to co-exist out of the calling what was it about? He goes a woman
It sounds like he knew cold up and said he wanted to give it okay if I call Dr. Mark adoosh back
And I said well, yeah, it won't be the first time I've been called that that's for sure
You know flow well like a very mixed reviews
So I'm as what does that mean?
Mixed reviews? What does that mean? I want a personal level yeah, well no not just that but
Ain't a professional level especially speaking if if everybody loves you and agrees with you and is happy with you
You're either lying cheating or stealing and you know exactly you're very boring. Yeah, exactly
Anyway, I'm looking forward to seeing you one of these days either at your place or mine so to speak
And you know, I missed you during the summer because I was taking classes during the slow season and so forth
But everything's back online except we don't have a radio in your office anymore really? Yeah, why they repollot? No, no
We decided to tighten up the ship a little bit. Yeah
That's about it. No, we didn't
Just a joke
Hey, I'll tell you what the way you buddy is so sensitive. I know things are tough on the beach
You don't have to tell me exactly right exactly right and the way the industry goes
I mean, I wouldn't be surprised if doctors are being reputged right and left
I wouldn't be surprised at all but everybody keeps it mum to themselves right. I'll see you soon with warmest regards. Okay, bye
Okay, there's my good buddy dr. Mark. They are reporters radio five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T wireless guy
Come on. Let's go. Let's get some glue on here today the Jews won't call
Let's get the glue and go and okay screw the Jews. They won't call me today
We had like four or five or six or seven. That's about it
They're busy. They're not going to waste their time on me. They they're in shawl edition of which the orthodox
They can't call anyway because they'll go to hell if they use the phone
On Saturday on Shabbos. They can't do it Friday night on your own kipper on rarsher Shana on ass Wednesday
They can't do this. They can't do that and obviously if you see anything they can't shave either
It's 1156 at five six or take a shower in July four minutes till noon at five sixty Q.A.M
You
Do you have reason to believe you may be using drugs?
You know, I have been acting erratically lately just last week. I went bowling with Jesus and Jim Morrison
Those may be some of the telltale signs that you may be using drugs. How do I know for sure?
Some of the other telltale signs may include you have drugs in your house
Yep, that's me you know where to get drugs me again
You know all the drugling go. Oh, yeah
You talk about woodstock as if you're still there
Dude Jimmy's gonna play the national anthem again
And you can eat 32 cheeseburgers in one sitting
Where are them? Who?
If you've answered yes to any or all of those questions
You may have a drug problem if that's the case you need to try each
T.T. The home drug test the fastest and most reliable way to find out if you've been using drugs
H.D.T. The home drug test available with most major pharmacies from pop
Be sure to keep it for out man
All right
For a Jewish handgulburger too
So here's the story. Thanks for factingly this very depressing story like the lady called a couple of calls back
Two men won a university of Florida student died Sunday morning from injuries received in separate incidents
Ryan to T.E. W. 2 with 20 year old sophomore died around 7 a.m yesterday from injury sustained during a fight early Saturday morning
Two who lived in campus apartment clubs that touched in such an arrest was approached by eight live oakmen looking for a party
Uh said sergeant James Troyano spoke to him for Alainto County Sheriff's office
He said Joshua Wells 21 of live oak allegedly started an argument with two outside of two second floor apartment around
230 a.m. Saturday when the argument turned physical both men fell down a staircase and was allegedly kicked to and head
knocking him unconscious that came down the stairs together fighting to and I said well as maliciously kicked him
Two was taken a chance at UF with multiple skull fractures where he died
He was going to make a difference in the world said ed Morris to his roommate and pie cap a alpha fraternity brother his life was cut way too short
Wells who left games over their friends in two cars was arrested in Columbia County after being stopped by the FHP
The other car was found out of gas in swanney county
Wells was booked into the Columbia County jail on an aggravated battery charge a second to read murderous charge was added after two died
Doesn't say anything about uh Tennessee or anything about uh football, but that's what the story says that I got here so far
Thanks to our friends from may days at the North Perry Airport for a great lunch today as usual
56705 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line here's gamesville. Hello
Hey, no, yes, sir. I wasn't um
You know calling or anything and then I heard the woman calling and talk about the
the
Dead
students
uh, I live on the campus here and
My my window for my desk faces outside on what's called university avenue
we should the main party place to date and um
From about Friday night
Through the game a game was at eight o'clock at night. There was nothing
drinking
Just
Tennessee and feeling a Florida fans and traffic and lots of problems
and um
People basically drank all day and the game was at eight o'clock and they came in
About 755 to the game from being out there from between 10 and 11 eight or nine hours
And it's it's a terrible situation that that something like this has to happen
but um one of the ones who died uh two uh was a friend of a friend
But um
It's not a good situation here when something like that happens
Nothing like like that's not getting a bunch of uh crazed the drunken red next together
All right, very true Tennessee and Florida together
It was terrible and that the thing was most of the people
Without the one-even students. I mean, there was a fair amount of students
But um there's 50,000 students who had the only 21,000 tickets for the students
A lot of them were people coming in from Tennessee a lot of them were people coming in from
From the dude in surrounding areas that you know, this is the biggest uh this is the biggest event
Okay, your phone died, but thanks
560 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Helen Dale Beach. Hello
Hi Neil. Yes, sir. Just called to see how my favorite eights candidate is doing
Ha ha ha ha ha ha
Ha ha ha
Glad you're off of women tired of sick and tired of watching you
Drift at tomato sauce down your three change of that. Thanks for listening every day, though, sir
Thank you so much for listening to say I want to wait and see how long you could do it. Could that was it that was the end of it
560 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
He will watch the TV show he was the one
How do you like that? He was sick and tired of it so he's glad that it went off in other words if it was still on
He couldn't have turned it off
Boy, this guy needs to join a nilo hollax anonymous
One call left in the board and that's it. Well, we've had some real sweethearts today
I'll tell you some real real pleasant people today like him several
But life goes on we just keep plowing right ahead stocking that money away
560 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile and four-letter Dale. Hello
Yeah, I mean, you know when I was so low and you go home you get down
You're gonna
Where we going that's it. That's the end of our calls 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. It's asshole day. Here at Qion
Of course when you do a show in South Florida. I guess every day is asshole day
This is the response. This is their response by the way to this story that we just had this is their response
Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello
Nail. Yes, sir. I just wanted to thank you for saving my life
And that's the truth. What does that mean? Well, you always talked about the Atkins diet and I was very
overweight. I was like 300 pounds and
um, I said, you know one day I was gonna try and what was happening was I would just kept on eating fish food
I was just losing control. Mm-hmm. And um, so I went on the Atkins diet since December. I lost 80 pounds
Great. So my hair's coming back and all of a sudden I feel a lot better. Excellent
And I'm not a pig anymore. So I just want to thank thank you very much for saving my life
And that's all I wanted is okay. Keep it up. Thank you. See you
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 by the way, I'm having the inside of a fully chased cheese sandwich
Which is good. No bread
But I got the meat and cheese which is sufficiently
Trace to piss off some of the more orthodox Jews out there too bad
By the way, all your kids out there are good bacon cheeseburger. They would be good
And that guy to call the couple of calls ago. There's a good example while all you young people out there stay away from
Helen Dale don't know anywhere near there
Not that anybody ever would especially now that they closed down at the the button or whatever the hell the name of that place was
South
North east
Here's the mobile and cross-bring. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir
That guy still is still watching the whammy looking for you. Yeah, he's looking. Mm-hmm. He's squeezing it. He's squeezing it right now
Don't really have my criteria. I just had a question for you
Because I hear you talk a lot about the refined sugars and the meat and stuff
Which do you think is worse for you?
Which what?
There were other the refined sugars or the or the dairy
So you're talking about both of those or killers. Just a minute ago you said the refined sugars and the meat and then all of a sudden
I said which what and then you said the dairy. What what are we talking about? Is the meat dairy?
Meat is dairy
Meat is a dairy product
I thought it was okay. Thanks
Just pick up a great steak in the dairy department at your supermarket
Now seriously, how is it possible? I mean that guy was older than 10
How is it possible to go through life that long and be that dumb? Seriously. Can anybody answer me that question? You think?
No
How is it possible just by osmosis you absorb a little bit just you know if you ever leave the house you absorb
You know through the pores of your skin
Forget about a brain
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. I mean
God it sucks
5
6
A new package is spared is that sunset drive försLobern over
L kidnapping
Marge i
mirag
When it comes to kissing photos, I'm well we ever, Vickles.
But there is one thing I will not do, I will not smooch the faggles.
Now we love them, now we love not even saddles.
Now we love these never-well-till-never-soups the faggles.
I'll stick a piece and squeeze a piece of some less water melon.
I'll gladly merge on Captain Krelich and all else that you're selling.
I'll suck in nibbles, can't lope in lappest, gangy trickles.
But I'll never ever, ever, ever smooch that faggles.
Now we love them, now we love not even saddles.
Now we love these never-well-till-never-soups the faggles.
I'll fingers crates and lick the butt to a sweaty head to let it.
I've done by everything we've proved and have a veggie sense.
I'll swallow nannies of so big, so big they shared its sigls.
And even though I love these things, I will not smooch the faggles.
Now we love them, now we love not even saddles.
Now we love these never-well-till-never-soups the faggles.
Now we love them, now we love not even saddles.
Now we love these never-well-till-never-soups the faggles.
Well, 15 and 560s, WFQ, I'm happy you on Kipper, Julia, okay?
If all you want today, don't pay any attention to all that other joke craft because it's a bullcrap.
560, 560, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Just to remember, tradition is poison.
Tradition is the continuation of crap, of reasons to separate yourselves from everybody else.
Am I going to change it? No.
Here's Fort Lauderdale, hello.
Leslie Father, for I have sinned. Yes. Yes.
Do you think God will mind that I spent this morning in the unemployment office instead of a jewel?
Oh, wow.
If God was looking after you, you wouldn't have to be there.
Maybe I should. You know what I was, I did it in the tone properly last year.
That's what did it.
Yeah, so can I get some odd solution from Uncle Neil?
No. No. Okay, Neil.
Good luck, Kipound.
Take care. You'll need it.
No, you better cut the crap out. You better go to Schill and pray. Just pray real hard. You'll be getting the job.
Don't you, if you pray, you'll hard on it.
560, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
You know, that guy from Halondale called before. He's probably one of those guys that was in one of those college fraternities at the School of Hard Knox.
And he's probably one of the guys that they may get done on all fours, you know, into his sheep routine.
Fort Lauderdale, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Neil, I am a nonchoolgoing, non-fasting Jew.
All right.
And I just had the finished lunch. I had a little bacon lettuce and tomato sandwich.
Great. That'll do it. Yeah. That'll put you right over the edge.
So far, nobody's come down from the heavens to strike me dead yet.
So, wait till that next type of thunder and bolder lightning, man.
Thunder clap, yes.
Thunder clap, Newman.
Exactly. Even he was Jewish.
So anyway, what's the story with the Los Van Van?
The story is that they're going to play whether those old sticks like it or not.
How do you like that? October 11th, they're going to play.
Yeah, more power to them.
And the people under the age of 100 say, all right, we like it.
Yeah, all those intransigence, as they like to be called now.
Yeah, they don't like to. What was that one word that they don't like?
I'm reading the same column that you read.
Oh, Enrique.
They don't like to be called hardliners. They like to be called intransigent.
How about if we just call them old assholes? How's that sound?
Since May.
Okay, pal.
Hey, Neil, one request.
Yes.
Be true to your show.
Okay. I'll be good.
I'll read it.
56670560.
0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
We're rolling long. We're almost there.
Maybe we got to kill two o'clock.
And then Jim Manditch is going to come along.
Right.
Give me a big song and a dance about how great the dolphins are.
Anybody really believe that?
No.
But he'll give you a song and a dance.
I want to hear somebody on this radio station tell it like it is about Brian Greacy.
I knew Brian Greacy before any of you.
Okay, because when Bob Greacy and I did the Hercone games together,
back in 83, I think it was on TV.
That one season.
He used to bring Brian Alligiala baseball games.
He was a little punky kid.
And he still looks pretty much the same.
He's a bigger punky kid.
And he's a nice kid.
But the only problem is he ain't ready, baby.
He may never be ready.
And when are the people of sports there is on his radio station?
Gonna start telling it like it is instead of constantly gilding the lily.
Instead of constantly covering up for crap.
I mean, I can understand if I'm working on ESPN and ABC television sports,
I'm not gonna be knocking to boomer how boring he is on my net football.
I'm not gonna be telling it the way it is because I gotta be a shield.
Here's a mobile in the keys.
Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Pretty good, sir.
Oh, that's good.
Just a couple things, actually.
Number one, I know a bunch of people all over the state that are listening to you on the internet and everything.
But they don't call because you guys don't have an 800 number.
No kidding, pal.
Well, I got news for you.
We're gonna have an 800 number real soon here.
I'm gonna want to know why.
That's right.
Damn cheap bunch of bastards that run this place.
They think that the way that they do things here is they just keep it baby.
Ask them a question and you try to put their feet to the far.
Oh, yeah, well, we're working on that.
And then they just hope you forget about it because they're not gonna spend a goddamn.
No, seriously, they won't spend a dime that you don't force them to spend.
Well, why don't you tell me, do you know the couple more spots or something, you know?
Yeah, that's right.
You add a little more time to the spot.
Yeah, let's start running those 15 minute breaks like we got in the afternoon.
Oh, I love that.
That's awesome.
Makes me change the channel.
Right.
So to add competition, they love it too.
The next thing is, I don't know if you've mentioned this or seen it or not,
but I was reading on the internet between porn sites that there's a...
Phil Hendry is gonna be syndicated by, I don't know, who premier anything.
Have you heard anything about that?
You know if he's gonna be down here or not?
Have you heard anything about it?
We headed on the year a couple of weeks ago.
But have I heard anything about him being here?
The answer is no.
Yeah, figures, of course they've ever read down here.
Well, I think he starts very soon, September 26th, something like that.
Awesome.
29th?
29th?
Yeah, awesome if you can hear it.
I know.
I don't want to listen to it on the internet.
It sucks.
See the problem is the only place that would put him on the year would be queer channel,
would be INZ.
Right.
And at night, if you live in Broward or with you down there in the keys,
you couldn't hear it if you were like dependent on it.
Seriously.
Yeah.
Great.
Okay, well that was about it.
If you want to drive up to date at night and have less, less than a Phil Hendry party every night,
you can hear it.
I'll keep there.
That'd be great.
Right.
Okay, Pat.
All right.
Thank you very much.
See you.
Bye.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless lock.
Come on in.
Let's have another one in big ball games.
At night.
Let's everybody get drunk all day.
How come when I was in Amsterdam on Queens Day last April 30th?
And they had 400,000 at least young people coming in from all over the goddamn country,
starting as early as 910 in the morning, and they're all out there drinking beer all day long.
And the worst thing I saw, in fact maybe the best thing I saw, was a bunch of guys like taking a leak up against the
side of a building a few times.
Nothing happened.
No fights, no shootings, no killings, no beating anybody up, nobody dead, everybody go home, they clean up the streets,
910 o'clock at night.
That was it.
Next morning was like none of them were over there.
You're not talking about the American barbarians again, are you?
I'm going to start that crap and tell us the truth again.
We don't want to hear it.
We can't stand it.
Here's Miami, hello.
I'm Neil.
Yes sir.
I'm the ex-religious Jew who is going to eat pork chops.
Oh, it's a nice one.
Pork chops, all right, sounds good.
Oh, yeah man.
And my mom tried to get me to get a temple today, but I wasn't going to have it.
Just tell her to get lost.
Exactly, exactly.
Listen, I heard on CNN tonight that this year a young people were coincides with some Hindu holiday about their
how God can dance, which is the God of wealth, making lots of money.
So I thought that was kind of funny, the two holidays together.
Longing $30.
Exactly.
Okay, well I have a good day.
See you.
Much out for that pork.
Nothing worse than getting some bad pork, I'll tell you that.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Miami, hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Listen, I have turned to your station a few times and how come you're calling fix and all that?
You have turned to the station a few times.
Yeah.
Why do you keep making the same mistake if you're offended by this station?
I want to see what an asshole sounds like.
Yeah, well I'll tell you what.
Just put your hand over one ear and listen to the sound of your own voice pal.
That'll do it.
That'll solve your problem.
Speak.
56670560.
And by the way, Los Van Van, they're going to play here every week.
Okay, every week.
We'll bring in another guy, Dan Musickle, group from Cuba, every week.
This thing.
La Cucaracha.
That's right.
Can't keep playing them, oh, Desi Arnez records forever, you know.
Pa-balu gets a little old.
It's in God, Dan Cuban music can compete with that Dan Markey Martin crap.
56670560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in North Miami Beach.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yes sir.
Neil.
Yes.
Okay, Neil.
I mean, the University of Rochester, when they had some, you know, the initiated guy, they were
on the road to go to the bus stop, and they were going to do some of that.
And I'm not in favor of having these returns.
They were bad.
What did they do?
You know what they did?
They made them, they made them tape up their rear, and then they gave me a pint of
Pluror water, and they had to go down the main street.
Yeah.
You know, people don't realize the great connection you've got.
Monzee Solomon was your great uncle, and he was a great guy.
people in Florida knew who Mugsy was. It wouldn't be so rough on you, right?
What does that mean?
No, I'm just saying it was a great guy. Now I'm not a bad guy.
It wasn't a good guy. He broke your legs. Yeah.
I'm greasy, boy, like you said. I think with more experience and more playing,
you'll get a little bit better.
Yeah.
And what I think I was gonna say without you on every day,
it's something that we wake up in your great joy and your wonderful guy.
One of these days you're gonna say on this nation,
thank you, Lord, for blessing me.
Don't hold your breath.
Okay. One of those days I'm gonna say,
thank you, Lord, for blessing me. Anybody believe that? No.
What was that? Where did that come from?
Well, I guess he knew my uncle. What a religious family we were.
567 are all bookies prayed.
They pray for the horse to come and land. 567 05 60,
pound 560 on a AT&T wireless line.
I tell you one thing, I think even though we didn't get to Hurricane,
I think Floyd blew in some of the jungle juice into the air here
because everybody seems to have inhaled copious amounts of it.
Here's a mobile and coral springs. Hello.
Neil, how you doing? Great. Two jackasses in a row. Unbelievable.
Speaking of jackasses, I listened to the Harakun's game on Saturday.
I was extremely excited to see them lose again.
Yes. Not going there, Miami.
I was there.
Real brief, Neil. Quick spot point.
Don't forget. Harakai.
Fucking blow. Yes. Yes they do.
And so does Joe Zagaki.
And he had a great comment.
One for the ages. If you can get the tape, he said,
when Nate Webster hits you,
it's like a ton of semen falling down on top of you.
It was unbelievable. Got a quad.
Yeah. Got it. And he should know.
Yeah, you should. Okay. Thanks. Thanks, Neil.
You should know because Joe Zagaki sucks.
Okay. 25 past noon at 560 WQAM 560 7505 60.
560 on the AT&T wireless line.
We're here and mostly today from the accident audience.
You know the ones who are just having radio accidents.
Can you imagine if the people who listen voluntarily,
whatever start calling them, we'd be loaded with call.
Yeah. We got the old spick.
We got the homophold and Helen Dale who sheep left them for the weekend.
We got all these people.
Those are my favorites.
I mean, when you let them go and then all of a sudden click
because you know you've let them go farther than they ever believed
that they would get and they run out of material.
Practically before they give their little shots,
they run out of material.
Yeah. Like I said, that guy from Helen Dale
was a classic example that it what happens
from some of those bad hazing rituals
where a bunch of silly young guys get one or two guys
down in their hands in these and got only know
as what kind of things they've done to them.
You know what I'm saying? They may even have wrecked them.
For all we know, for life.
26 past noon at 560 WQL on the way.
Anybody have a heart or a liver?
Percentri's man has wondered if the dead
truly walk among us.
And if so, do they too have bodily functions?
This Friday, one young boy is about to find out.
I can smell the hearts of dead spits.
He has a six cents.
No one here in the elevator.
And someone rips one, but no one is into it.
Back to them.
The six cents.
Make it stop.
It's freaking reeks.
Read it for you.
What is that? Don't tell me those are the tickets that came back?
That the guy never got in the mail?
No, worse. This guy never picked up his tickets.
The ones that we were giving away
those really good plies of level...
The ones that cost $8 billion?
Right.
The $160 piece.
What's the guy's name?
They never picked up his goddamn Panther tickets.
The best ones that we had.
Wayne.
You stop.
Wayne.
Wayne.
To you, okay, Wayne?
I hope a guy...
I hope a goddamn army of jirbles crawls up your rectum.
Okay?
And dies right in there.
Didn't pick up his...
This is unbelievable.
Not only can't I even get a phone call
tell me anything about the goddamn exhibition game.
How this one looked?
How that one looked?
How well well looked?
Anything at all.
But here's the guy we give the best front row seats.
160 bucks a ticket face value.
That's $320 a ticket and a parking pass.
George puts it in the envelope from the pickup
and the guy doesn't show up.
What can you say?
He's an asshole.
Understand, of course, that I asked them all
before I take their name and everything.
They'll be able to pick this up for you.
All of the things close at such and such.
Right.
And they promise and swear.
And does he pick it up?
No.
No.
Oh my God.
$5670560.
$560 on the AT&T wireless lens.
See that's across the old Cuban I called before.
You know what that was all about?
The one that allegedly.
See this is the new deal.
Oh well, once in a while I'm doing any.
Yeah, right.
You're listening every God then day every minute.
This is your new technique to try to avoid being caught
as a chronic, as a compulsive.
I can't turn it off.
But what he's upset about is the fact
that like I said, there are a whole bunch of,
there's a new wave coming, baby, young living and breathing.
We're not talking about shields like Alice Penis, the mayor.
We're not talking about assholes like him that are in the hip pocket
and Mickey Ererson and the hero.
We're not talking about a whole new breed of living and breathing people
that are going to reclaim Dave County and take it back
from crusty old, one-dimensional assholes like him.
That's what's going to happen.
Oh!
The result of that election that was only the beginning.
And the fact that those band band are going to sing and perform.
And so is everybody else who wants to in Dave County.
See you guys, okay?
You've embarrassed this place long enough.
You've made it into a laughing stock.
The Pan-Aim game, they wasted 200 and some out of 1000.
I think it was $220,000, $220,000.
Promoting for a thing that never wound up coming here.
Because again, people like this old stick.
And Merritt Steerheim, Godless politicians who cave into them.
Get on the bus, Merritt.
Get on the metro whale.
Get out of town, the metro whale.
5, 6, 7, 05.
Hey, if it's good enough to get Barbara Walters all that money, I'll give it a shot.
Look what it did for Tom Bokka.
People with speech defects do what a goddamn news in America.
That's what it takes.
Here's a mobile and Cooper City. Hello.
How are you?
Shawalm Neal?
Yes.
You have to excuse these people.
I think that between the pressure of Hurricane Pink Floyd and the Heroku loss,
I think they're just inventing on these.
Oh, they really give a crap about the Herkones.
And I know where the Jews are.
There's a shoole.
Is that a temple?
A shoole?
Yeah.
Some Cooper City high school.
They're lined up and down.
The Jew place.
They're lined up and down Sterling Road, the Palm Avenue.
They've got two BSOs out there.
I've never seen anything like that.
What are they doing?
Maybe they're lined up at the...
Maybe they're lined up at the drive-through at McDonald's.
Maybe they've got parrots of fasting.
I think I saw Hank over there.
And Neal, you know...
How do you aren't seeing Hank's at Calder today?
And Belton Jews have to pay for the seats.
Of course.
And I've played...
No, no play, baby.
It's like a playoff game today.
I think they pay a lot more.
That's right.
They clean it up.
The bigger the holiday, the more you got to pay.
Happy prom!
You have a song from the old days called The whole wide world is Jewish.
Do you remember that song?
Yeah, I don't think we got it.
Oh, jeez.
But I was supposed to play the true of your shoole.
I'm glad you reminded me of that.
I know you have Earl Streitis though.
Yeah, I do got that.
I'm a goi and I'm trying to convert.
Okay.
Thank you.
Zygazoon.
The true of your shoole.
Earl Streitis.
Okay, make a list of all.
You need to kill the last hour with it.
Just like the spot breaks on Hank's show.
56670560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Carl Springs.
Hello.
Hello, now.
Yes.
How are you?
Great.
I wanted to thank all the Jews for staying out of my favorite restaurant last night.
Which one is that?
The Big Bear Brewing thing here on Carl Springs.
Do you want to actually get in without a waiting line?
The two are very big.
The beer is largely but the food is very good.
That's all accounts.
Who cares about the beer?
The last time I ate clear was Passover.
And basically we wait for Jewish holidays and we go.
There's no line, no way.
You get right into the fantastic.
Excellent.
Anyway, I wanted to personally thank you because thanks to you, my son,
my son Julio, called from Norman Oploma.
He's listening to you right now on the, I guess, on the internet.
And he's just listening to me.
He's named and realized that I haven't called home.
So he called home.
So I wanted to thank you and called him a major sooner-doose bag.
Okay.
Thank you, Neil.
See you.
5670560, pound 560, Ramswood,
Schixey on the AT&T wireless line.
All the heathens out there.
They're not in school today.
And why, why is anybody?
What is it?
What is this going to stop?
When is this going to stop?
It's so predictable.
It's like mark something on a calendar.
And people will march.
They'll pay.
They'll march.
They'll go.
They really are sure why.
It's something to do.
Like I said, it's tradition.
Enough already.
Do you use your brain?
Does it make any sense?
No.
Does it change anything?
Does it make you feel better?
No.
Does it, you know?
I wonder if Mayor Lanske used to go to show on the high holidays.
I bet you probably did.
Just like all of mafia people, you know, I always run into the church.
And here's a check for $3 million from the Coalione Foundation for the Catholic Charities in the name of Mary Coalione.
How much was it?
$600 billion, some ridiculous amount.
We have an understanding.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You know, I got a friend of mine who lived right next to the Jesuit there in the Old Town Road.
Uh-huh.
And a couple days ago they brought a trailer in order with white chickens.
And the building on the horrified, this is a queue on people, you know, to live next to that place.
They were hitting each other with this chicken.
So he didn't understand.
He thinks that it's a wreck of rituals and teriyah.
So he's telling me that.
We do that every young kid.
He's trying to land the poio para acá.
Yeah, that's it.
But people don't understand that that's part of the ritual too.
Or the real ultra-out of that juice.
Could you explain that to my friend?
He's here.
No, I could not.
But you know that it does, that it does exist.
Yeah, they wrapped it to fill it around their neck is what they do.
Yeah, and it's somebody who, by the way, was doing the hurricane.
I was listening to an old friend of yours called John Lettitt.
An old friend of mine?
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Why do you ask?
Oh, my God.
You would interview the man for the weather bureau.
And he gave him an answer.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
I bet you lost it.
I bet you just about lost it.
I'm sure, not.
My friends, didn't enjoy community in my friends in the dark community in my friend.
Oh, brother.
And it is a guy, by the way, who had no friends.
I'm so surprised that you don't use that as part of that.
Uh-huh.
He's the one who started that.
When you wanted to say yes, like you have one, there's a no.
Maybe you should have that one.
Yeah, we can get John Lettitt to do it for us.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Very good.
Keep working on it, pal.
All right.
And watch out for the chickens.
Go lose your head.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
21-1 here on 5, 60.
W, make believe QAM.
This is the Neal Roger show.
This is your brain.
Any question?
And some of you tried to put me down.
And said we have a Roger son location.
I tell him right away.
Now listen here to a decade.
You're a potential.
This number one in that nation.
Oh, black.
I'll say it's him, but I'll be for so many.
I'll show you.
I'll show you.
I'll show you.
I'll show you.
I'll show you.
I'll show you.
I'll show.
I'll show you.
Golskías are herbs that can dry.
And you're a good boy.
And you're a good boy that can dry.
And you're a good boy that can dry.
Round the other AZ, eight, eight, eight, I'll go once and say
So be sure you show us my smile, my smile, my smile
Be sure you show us my smile, my smile, my smile
You're gonna be your show
I'm gonna be your show
I'm gonna be your show
Oh, baby
I'm trying to be a jack up on the Sabbath service
I'll be ready to pray
I'll be steady now, I don't think that the author is a quiet now
She'll be singing away
Be sure you show us my smile
You're gonna be your show
I'm gonna be a jack up on the Sabbath service
I'll be ready to tell you my smile
I'm gonna be your show
I'm gonna be your show
I'm gonna be your show
I'm gonna be your show
Oh, baby
It's a 1246 and 560 WQM.
It's like this Russia Shona business and of course every Jew that I know, it's like a compulsive
everything. Oh happy New Year, happy New Year. Do I know one Jew that operates his life
based on a Jewish New Year? No. On a Jewish calendar? No.
So what's the point? Tradition. It's like a bad habit. It's like chewing your fingernails.
Tradition. It's like picking seeds out of your rectum, but not nearly as much fun.
56670560 pound is not going to say it. 56670560 and pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Well, you know, it's like looking for gold. You finally find something good and then you lose it.
Oh my God. Your scour. You look under the goddamn sofa. Where did that thing go?
Here's a Palm Beach. Hello? Yes. Yes, sir. Yeah, I just wanted to know this is by the way,
Neil God. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Catholics redefine hell as a state of mind. That's an old story. Have Palm Beach just discovered that?
Yeah. This is crap that the Pope came up with weeks ago. Right. If they did mention the Pope in there,
but I this is the first time I read the account. Yeah. It's pretty funny though. I just if you
hadn't had it, I was going to give you some new material. If you got a good ball,
you can get in that state of mind yourself. I even got a sheepbong.
The Pope's, my style. There you go. And that's why he's in that state of mind. Plus it's good business.
Okay, Pal, thanks for the good news. Okay, whatever he was going to say. Sorry. I thought he was done.
560. 560. Was he done? He was done. And Palm 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
It's a great day to say goodbye to all this religious crap. It's you know, Kipper 1999. Okay.
It's the last year of this century as we know it as we're counting it.
It's the last year with a one in front of it. You can go to the bank on that.
Here's a mobile in North Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. This is Tommy Windows. I'm a friend of Gary Designman.
I'm a long time listener in the first time call Tommy Windows. Yeah, that's me. That's your real name.
No, that's not coming. That's a call. Anyhow, I have a point. That's his real name too.
Two points now. Number one, I tried fish food because you recommended it personally.
I thought it sucks. However, you thought it's true. Yes, point two for 40. I've been doing business for the rest of the house for 45 years.
And for 45 years, you know, and young Kipper, they would open at 4 o'clock for people to break the fast.
However, they're still under construction in the interior and they won't be open for another couple of weeks yet.
There's going to be a lot of pissed off Jews in the area. Understand that.
So why is that going to be any different from any other day? I said, have a great day.
That was a friend of Gary Designman, by the way. Although at least we can kiss the ground.
We can be thankful that Gary Designman himself didn't call because his boring is this guy was.
He was like a Mexican jumping bean compared to Gary Designman's phone calls and he knows that.
Good guy. Bad calls. This guy tried fish food and it sucks.
Like I said, hey, I'm wrong. You're right. There ain't nothing like a nice big vet of vanilla ice cream.
Take out. When in doubt. Take out. Stick your head in it. Fill your bathtub up with it.
Take most of the hair out first. Fill your bathtub up with it and just have a party in your pants with vanilla ice cream.
I'll take the fish food. You can have the vanilla, okay?
I mean, there's some things in life that aren't debatable.
Fish food is one of those. That's for the pH for those of you uninitiated that have never had been injurious fish food.
We haven't really understood what real ice cream is all about yet.
And this guy is a friend of Gary Designman.
How do you like that? Who goes out of his way?
Number one, the knock fish food, which of course has been injurious, one of our fine sponges.
And then knock our good friends at the Rascal House.
What a Hank's fine sponges. How do you like that?
One of my favorite joints in history over there.
That was funny.
Yeah, we're going into barbarian eats.
And all his relatives, the gods of Michigan, all of our barbarians eat there at the Rascal House.
You've been a friend in Wilma, I think.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless.
So you thought that Gary Designman was kind of annoying, huh?
But Tommy Windows.
See, you were busy. You were talking to somebody.
He starts out by saying, oh yeah, this is Tommy Windows.
And my cousin is Eddie Hedgehog.
You know Eddie.
Yeah, this is Eddie.
That's one. That's his cousin.
Eddie, Eddie, Eddie. That's the guy.
Here's Coral Gables. Hello.
You.
Yes, sir.
I thought you might want to hear my ex-
Oh, there's Enrique, by the way.
I'm sorry.
With ROTC, Hazen.
Yes, please. This ought to be good.
Well, it really wasn't.
And actually, it's not good to do.
Well, I didn't find out about it for a year.
Let's put it that way.
I got in the ROTC at a local university several years ago.
I don't want to mention the name.
Yes.
And essentially, it was supposed to be just a big drinking party.
There was a lot of, I guess you would call them alumni.
You know, there's, you know, officers, officers.
Right.
I know.
You guys in there for 50.
Nice to hold to really be there, but they got an excuse, right?
Exactly.
And essentially, I remember us just having to, you know,
we had our hands tied behind our back, and we were in this big room.
You know, it always starts with booze.
Then there's some restraint.
There's a lot of nudity.
Get in your underwear.
Well, actually, there wasn't.
I mean, let's put it this way.
Not that I recall.
I just recall being fed shots.
And, you know, it was like everybody to one, two, three.
You know, I lost count.
Well, I had an opportunity to following year once I was in.
I guess you'd say I had an opportunity to participate in the, you know,
the ashing of the new recruits.
And what I found was after they were drunk, everybody put on like these dark black robes,
like, you know, the guy from Deathwares with a hood and everything.
Sure.
And there was a mock trial.
And participating in the mock trial were not only the, you know,
the regular RRKC regulars, but also the alumni.
And the were the servers.
Right.
And the ones who lost, of course, were the new pledges.
And basically, now I didn't participate in this part, but I, I mean,
you don't know, it just, it made me retro most of, essentially,
these guys had to go down on selected judges.
And most of them turned out to be these old guys.
Right.
These guys surprised.
They had no idea what they were doing.
Okay.
There was even guys helping them, you know, like,
holding their heads or whatever.
Right.
It was pretty bad.
And, you know, you don't know.
I started them a little bit.
I actually left the ROTC at the end of the second year.
You know, just, that stayed with me.
Why haven't you...
This is all part of this phony macho crap in the military,
in the, in professional sports and universities,
at these fraternities.
It's unbelievable.
You know, every time I would look at one of these officers,
I had no idea, you know, what I had done.
Yeah.
What he was thinking of me when he was looking at me.
And, you know, I can tell you.
It's still, it's still discussed to me this day.
Yeah.
I can tell.
Well.
Okay, pal.
That's what I'm glad you survived.
Bye-bye.
See you.
See now, you know why most guys won't tell these stories.
They're embarrassed as hell.
And who the hell can blame them?
Just before his 16th birthday,
he cried out for the junior C team in Tilbury near Chatham, Ontario.
Well, I grew up in Tilbury and I played all my minor hockey there.
And, you know, I would have liked to play in my hometown.
So it was a good feeling.
He made the team the Tilbury Hawks.
And he soon discovered that he couldn't be considered a real hawk
until he'd been through an initiation party.
I can remember the coach saying that, well, he's going to get to know us better.
And, you know, we're going to have some fun.
And, you know, I thought it would just be a good time.
I could know more of the players.
More better.
And, you know, you're a 15.
Yeah.
Well, this was a good time meeting to a 15 year old.
Well, just to get around, you know,
meet the players, you know, play cards or, you know,
just stuff like that.
Watch TV or something.
He said that they would, they'd be staying there overnight
because they didn't want anybody driving home that was drinking.
And I, you know, my kind of assumption about that was I thought,
I knew there were some older players there, and I kind of figured that's sort of what it was about.
I didn't really give it a second thought.
I know when I came home with my wife, we felt pretty good about it.
You know, like it was a pretty reassuring meeting.
Did my first experience ever drink?
Never had alcohol before.
But his first few drinks would leave a lasting impression.
They played this little game of the funnel game, I think it was,
where, you know, they pour beers in and you'd have to funnel it down your throat.
I mean, after that, I was pretty, pretty much wasted.
The party was here, the home of a prominent doctor,
who was one of the team owners.
Scott was shocked by what went on.
More so because there were adults presence.
Well, they brought two boys and at once, and I made them strip,
and then all the coaches and managers and I are there with a lot of the veteran players,
and there are two beer cups lying in about probably 10, 10, 15 feet away from them.
And they told us to do pushups with our general to go in the beer cup.
They kept and took a marshmallow.
I remember he had rubber gloves on and he didn't serve it into the players' rectum.
And the player would have to squat over a cup and try and get it into that cup.
And if the player missed, he'd have to eat it.
Out in the room, there was like a bucket with a string attached to it,
paying over a chair with two hockey sticks in between.
And they'd make the rookie tie to string, there was penis,
and then all of the coaches, veterans, and that,
it all throw pox in the pale.
So the pale was hanging on the end of the string?
Yeah.
And there's some pucks in the pale.
Yeah.
A little weird.
Yeah.
The worst part, like what I saw was a trainer there sitting on one of the other rookie's face.
And that just is disgusting with nothing on it.
It's a big club you moron.
1257 at 5.50 WQAM.
So what did the pale hour?
Millions have converted for fun and profit.
Now, you two can turn your pagan ways around at Earl Stripes.
We'll convert any goal for just 99.95.
That's right.
Listen to one of our successful graduates.
Oh Ken.
Aishalum Malakay.
Aishalum.
At Earl Stripes, we'll convert anyone into a Jew.
Malakay.
Translated means sorry I must have left my wallet at home.
Translated means stewardess.
Did you make sure to give me a kosher meal?
Millic.
Malakay.
Aishalum.
Translated.
Yes, Ravai, the check is in the mail.
Yes, you two can convert into a Jew for just 99.95 at Earl Stripes.
Act now and get a free Yard side candle for just $10.
Earl Stripes is.
We'll convert any goal for just 99.95 or more if we can.
Hello Ken.
How's it going to be for Christmas?
Oh, not for Christmas.
103 at 5.60 WQAM.
5.607.05.50.
Congratulations to Scott and Laura Schwartz, by the way, especially since Scott got out here just in time.
What do you work here for about five minutes in God, huh?
And of course, you're a good friend, your good friend, Tracy Caroseito, that only got hired here because I'm not giving him the first place.
And leaves here the day that he left here to go up the box and to seek his fortune.
Does he come in and say goodbye to me?
No.
Did he say up your ass?
No.
No.
Comes here and sucks around with you because you dragged into the schle-
See, Georgia's thing now is he takes everybody he can into building and schleps them to his swing club.
Chris, you never want me to hit the swing club?
He went there, he maybe didn't go there.
He went there because of you.
Yeah, right, but he wanted to go.
He went there because you turned them on to it, so to speak.
And Joe Costello and Gara, I'm not going to start mentioning the names of all the people, but that's the idea.
Shlip everybody from this place in there.
Uh-huh.
So that when they have the next raid, we can close this joint down.
Here's for Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Next thing he'll be taking.
Roy.
Yes.
Hello, Neil.
Try it again, yes.
Happy Sickness.
Now, happy forum.
Neil, I'm trying to recover from the Veracune's loss this weekend.
And I start my week out on the road.
I'm trying to work down the Navroad.
And there's a porker hiding behind a mailbox.
Yeah.
Any nails in the course during doing 41 in a 30.
Now, my question to you is, he was obstructing the pathway to the mail.
If somebody wanted to deliver mail or deposit mail.
Yeah.
Is this illegal?
He's going to tell you mine your own business.
I mean, I want to keep the guy with a case.
No.
No.
No.
Take a defense team, baby.
Take a defense team.
Yeah.
All right.
Appreciate it.
Good luck, pal.
Don't do it again.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Let's take a whole bunch of it.
There's a great article in here which I'm not going to read because I know when I read these things,
everybody tunes out.
That's the same reason they don't read newspapers.
George Castaneda, Jorge Castaneda, who's a political scientist and writer in Mexico City,
wrote this column for the LA Times, but they had some room in one of our papers.
I guess this was the hero.
So on the op-ed page today, no one is winning the war on drugs.
And I'm not going to read the thing, but it's right on target.
Not to talk about the hypocrisy of people like George W and all these others and Bubba.
Legalizing certain substances may be the only way to bring prices way down.
He says, and maybe the only remedy to some of the worst aspects of the drug plague,
violence, corruption, and the collapse of the rule of law.
Here in all over Latin America.
While this may appear as anathema to many in the United States,
its cost and benefits must be assessed in the light of the pernicious, hypocritical,
and dysfunctional status quo that compares in hardly well-favor businesses usual.
Nobody is winning the so-called war on drugs.
It's a joke.
It's a freaking lie.
It's a scam.
It's a waste of billions with a bee.
Billions of dollars.
People are starving to death in this country.
Inionic illiterate trash are reproducing, making unwanted babies.
People are slaughtering each other like it's a goddamn barbaric nut house.
And we're wasting billions of dollars on the so-called war on drugs.
Sure, keeps a lot of people there at the DEA up to their armpits in cash, though, doesn't it?
And of course, keeps a lot of those $6 an hour people at NIA with a job.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I agree with the article you were just reading wholeheartedly.
We're not winning the war on drugs.
What if this?
Let me say it again for the umpteenth time when I start treating the drug situation
as a national health problem.
I know.
Instead of a criminal problem, then they'll start making some money.
Yeah, they got drug pedalers right at the airport.
Right.
That we don't know how long that's been going on.
I mean, that's probably been going on for the whole kid.
I got our plane this weekend.
It was a sign there that said, be sure and put your hand grenades under the seat in front of you
so they don't follow out of the overhead and then danger the other passengers.
It's totally unbelievable.
Listen, I'm a teacher and I don't understand this.
Why are we getting teachers this business with that teacher in Hollywood?
Remember that case a few weeks ago?
What do you mean why are we getting teachers business?
That's totally personal.
I mean, if the teacher wants to hang out at a club, you know, they...
Oh, you're talking about the swing club.
I thought you were talking about the female teacher with a 13-year-old kid.
No, no, no, the swing club case.
Well, I mean, that's just crazy.
I'm a pulled.
Whatever happened with that.
I don't know.
That's why I asked.
Nothing ever happened to you.
They went to trial and I never heard another word about it.
I never heard another word about the teacher with a 13-year-old kid.
I never heard another word about the cops with a 15-year-old kid.
You know what I'm saying?
The story is to make the front page sensationally.
And nobody ever hears a follow-up.
Yeah, I hear you.
But I don't hear the herald of speaking about it or opposing it.
No, the herald...
In fact, I should have said that they talked about how sleazy these places were.
Yeah.
And my public sex, and degrading, etc.
Yeah, but it's hard to tell.
They heard a bunch of goody-touches, hypocritical assholes.
But where's the privacy?
Yeah, he just repeated it.
That's a...
See, you don't have a bleep machine, unfortunately.
Sir, you forgot to put your...
That's right.
That was good, though.
By the way, don't throw that article away.
I'll fax it to Eric.
We can put it on the website.
What article do you have?
The Mexican drug war thing.
I think I just threw it out.
Don't odd, Chief.
I didn't see you throw it out.
Didn't I throw it out?
I'm sure I threw it out.
When in doubt, I threw it out.
I'll find it somewhere.
People are calling.
People are calling what?
Oh, I got a...
Where's that article?
No, they don't...
You're not making this.
It's not that good.
It's okay.
It's not that great.
Tell me and watch that hurrah-ro thing the next ten times they show it on MSNBC.
Nice going to a hurrah-ro.
It's about time.
You did something worthwhile with your life.
About this phony war on drugs.
You should only croak.
You people in law enforcement that are putting weed people behind bars.
You should only croak.
Each and every one of you.
Okay?
That's my feeling.
People go out there and they murder people, people who endanger the lives of everybody else,
people who do DUIs, who got their own special attorneys, by the way, to get them off,
so they can go out there and drink and endanger your lives again.
That's okay.
But if somebody does a little bit of weed, or grows a couple of plants in their backyard,
we're going to throw them away for 20 years.
Crazy people.
That's his run in this government.
Crazy people.
And I'll tell you one thing.
What a sellout.
If Pat Buchanan is the candidate of the reform party, does that tell you everything you need to know?
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
That's going to be the deal.
And here we thought, Jesse, Jesse the body.
Oh, he's a, you know, give me a break.
Another, another bunch of crap.
See, because Ross P. Row, he's got all the cash and, you know, he wants to put up somebody with a big name.
Who can type in all the votes away from George W. Bush?
Like I said, here's for Pat Buchanan.
He, get it, suck.
She's been called a diva.
She's an icon in the music industry, and she recently released a new album.
But what is it really like to work with a legend known as Cher?
Find out tonight on PBS for the revealing documentary, The Cher Bitch Project.
I mean, it was like she would just say, my hair needs to look amazing.
Not just so tight, you know what I'm saying?
And she's just on and on and on.
I mean, geez.
The Cher Bitch Project tonight on the corporation for public broadcasting.
Yeah, it's easy to write.
150 to 560 WQM.
We got Jim Mendes today for Jewish Angleburg.
Most of the establishments being real Jewish today.
We got a real skeleton parking lot downstairs.
How about the water Nazis here today?
She not Jewish.
She like some kind of a gold setup.
She not Jewish.
Brick and water Nazis.
560, 560, 05, 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Davy.
Hello.
What's a big deal with Tennessee?
I mean, those guys are in tomorrow.
Okay, great.
Here's Dave the cop.
Hello.
Press the button.
Yeah, my finger don't want to press it with him on there.
Hello.
No, really press it this time.
Look at that.
This thing, my phone is like allergic to this guy.
How you doing, Elf?
Look at that.
I'm pressing and punching and it doesn't want to put you on there.
Happy holiday, Steve.
Sure, whatever you say.
Listen, one Jew to another, huh?
You know, marijuana will never be legalized in this country
because of the liquor lobby in this country.
Yeah.
It can only probably be the gun lobby.
You know how much money they would lose?
You know, a lot of these laws need to be repealed.
There's something seriously wrong, Elf.
You can get more time for dope in Texas and murder in California.
Whatever happened in the history on the cops
with that 16-year-old girl, Donald and Kendall, Dave?
I don't know.
I'm not pretty.
I'm doing robberies in Liberty City now.
Yeah.
Anyway, listen.
Coming up with anything good?
Well, it's not in our recently.
Anyway, listen.
My Cuban Catholic wife and kids are reading,
and I got jealous, so they went to holidays.
But I'll tell you this.
The holidays ain't worth a damn unless through October,
the Jewish holidays, and they ain't been worth a damn
since the baseball playoffs went to the night games.
And that's, you know, I sort of coincides
with the synagogue membership dropping.
So there may be a problem.
Well, I played great story in the paper this morning.
The Marlin's, like I said before,
one in nine on the road trip,
and they're real excited about it.
Well, you know, what are you going to do?
But it would have given us an excuse to all the kids
to stay out of school.
But since then, they changed the days off.
They made it a teacher's work day,
instead of calling it what it is.
When you expect when you put the bud ceiling,
when you put a goi in there, a dumb goi like him is commissioner.
Yeah, what can you do?
Anyway, happy holidays, healthy, and I'll see you in the circus.
Okay. All right.
Five, five, six, seven, oh five, 60.
pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
We got Marlin's games tomorrow,
boy up the old shoot.
Wrecked them.
Double header.
Montreal at Florida, baby.
There it is, the toilet bowl.
Two of the worst teams in the history of baseball.
The Montreal Expos,
where nobody wants to go see them play.
Here to play the Marlin's 330 to 1st game to screw up,
paying show again, I'm going to tell you something.
Not to be outdone, we got a game at 12 30 on Thursday.
So we get an early get out of here on Thursday.
See, it's not bad enough that we only got about what?
15 games, less 15, something like that.
But now they're really going to stick this stuff
in the middle of the day time to do the best to screw up our ratings
for the summer book.
Thank you so much, John Henry.
I guess this is his payback to the fact we don't want to build them a goddamn stadium.
I must be crazy. I must be nuts.
You must be.
Here's a lady in plantation. Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
I have a fasting report.
Yes.
They're all at Dunkin' Donuts on University and Pine's Boulevard.
Oh, man, lined up.
Who's there?
All of us Jewish people who left services early.
I'm working the fat.
I'm working the fat.
The regular fat is wanting the afternoon.
Yeah.
You're not supposed to break the fat till sundown.
I know, but I was getting a little bit dizzy.
Yeah, I don't blame you, Neil.
You know what?
It's not easy being Jewish.
I thought a lot about what you said, but I don't know.
Especially the circumcision part.
But I don't know if I'm about being Jewish that can be alright.
You know what I mean?
Although it's very wrong the services.
You know something you can be just as Jewish without going to any services.
You know what you're right.
Without paying any dues without observing any silly old ritual.
You're right.
Would I be putting any schmokers on your head without tying up your arms until a blood stop circulating?
You can be just as Jewish without doing any of these things.
You're right.
You're right.
You know, I would like to tell you something that the rabbi said last night if you'd like to hear it.
Oh, this was at the Colnidra services.
Yeah.
For all the people who aren't Jewish, Colnidra is the first night of the young kipper.
And the rabbi told us that his friend and his son were getting ready for it.
Colnidra services and his son said to his father, we have a really big problem.
Can I dad?
Because the Jets game is on at the same time as Colnidra.
And his father said that that is what a VCR is for.
And his son said, oh, are you going to take Colnidra?
I just thought that was so cute.
Yeah.
What?
Told us on about 45.
Probably.
But anyway, also this is the Bow Revival lady.
Have you gone yet?
The why?
The Bow Revival lady.
Bow Revival.
I told you about Bow Revival.
You're in Baloxy.
Have I gone to Baloxy, Mrs. Cipi yet?
Yeah, I heard angst going.
No.
No.
Yeah?
No.
I'm not going.
Oh, God.
I can't believe it.
We don't take our baby to eat.
We got it.
See ya.
All right, see ya.
Try to tell her it's a place for glam.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, how you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
June, State of the Oyster Temples.
You've finished my AM and cheese sandwich.
All right.
I was sitting here looking through an old sports illustrative.
Law was on hold.
And it just came across.
I thought, are you going to kick out of it?
It's not that enough.
We got the Mac Arena and PP Park.
In Nashville, this is the name of the new Predators Arena.
It's going to be called the Gaylord Entertainment Center.
It's in August 23rd.
The Gay Center, for sure.
I guess Al Goldstein was right about all that.
They was just checking in.
Thanks for being there and coming in today.
If I heard any more about swing clubs, there's going to lose it.
Okay.
Have a good one.
See ya.
Yeah, the audience is tired of hearing about swing clubs.
I just thought I'd mention that, George.
What?
It wasn't all week, first of all.
First of all, you're the one that said it was all week.
I told you.
And you took that seriously?
You said you did a whole week on it.
I was joking.
Well, I guess I don't know if you were the staff of that.
I guess your humor got you to me just like it did some of these people.
Like not at all.
And by the way, it was great.
All these horny perverts were calling up.
People jumping out of the closet talking about all their crazy crap.
I hate to break the news to you.
Let me say it again.
Narrow casting.
Okay.
The number of people who have gone to swing clubs, you could fit in these two rooms
and have room left over for the Chinese.
At the whole point, there were all these people curious about what it's like.
Calling up, asking this, asking that.
Sure, then.
Other people answering their questions.
Right.
It was like, look at all the causes we've had about the Packers hockey game.
Yeah.
Same thing.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Bokeh.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Okay, sir.
You were speaking earlier about the war on drugs.
I got another waste of money for you by the government, a little less colossal, but nonetheless unacceptable.
I was reading yesterday's Sun Central and the Outlook section.
Under the headline, abstinence makes a comeback.
The state of Florida is throwing hundreds of thousands of dollars into the education system in this state.
To try and convince teenagers not to have sex.
Oh, yeah.
And then the best part about it is the argument that they're using is telling them that condoms aren't effective.
Yeah.
Basically, if they're on the line with condoms, you can't use them.
Just don't do it.
So the ones that aren't getting that message might be getting the message that, well, if we're going to do it, the condoms aren't effective.
Don't wait for your condoms to come with the condoms.
Well, I just read a thing yesterday that like 50% of the people that are having sex including teenagers aren't using condoms anyway.
Right.
So we're on one of babies.
All right.
Okay.
Thanks for the good news.
Okay.
I'm going to go until Jim Manage side for Hank Goldberg at two.
I know you got all that football stuff all wrapped up all bald up in you.
You got to let out all the sports there's calling it.
How about them?
Heracles almost pulled it off again.
State pen.
Guess what?
They lost five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line.
Notice those Notre Dame people are real quiet.
Rip them at the Virgo World Reserve Dance last Friday to have a call from a Notre Dame person.
No.
Michigan State 30 year in a row.
Tears them up right there in South Bend 23 to 13.
Have a call from an Notre Dame person.
No.
Because God's pretty pissed off with Notre Dame.
I'm going to tell you that right now.
He's had it.
He's sick and tired of that crap.
I would be surprised that they lose every game the rest of the year.
Even like those girls schools they play you know they always play one or two of the military schools like Air Force and Vassar.
Those kind of schools.
Here's Evan Tura.
Hello.
Evan Tura.
Hello Neil.
Yes sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
Let me explain to you something about the drug problem.
I spent three years in a Mexican jail in something called Reckless or your SOAR which is in Sochi, Milco, in Mexico.
I was with some of the biggest drug lords down there.
If you saw how these guys live in jail Neil.
Forget about Miami or forget about living in some really high class hotel.
You would definitely want to be in there.
They have their mates.
They have their whites living with them.
They have the best food.
They have cell phones.
They have computers.
They have the government officials visiting them on weekends to make sure everything is okay.
They pay off everything.
The drugs in the jail are better than the drugs outside.
And there's just too much money for the so-called war on drugs to ever be won.
And America is spending all this stupid money down there.
And nothing's happening.
Right.
So you know it's just going to keep going on and going on.
And the American public just doesn't know what's happening.
I mean they have to go down and see how these big drug people are living down there.
And I tell you something, it's the greatest life in the world in those jails.
Then why did you get out?
They gave me eight years for possession.
I got out in three and a half, but I'll tell you the truth.
I had the best time of my life in there.
I had a gym.
I played tennis.
I got in with some of the big boys down there.
I'm not going to mention names.
And it's just great.
I mean you can't beat the life in there if you have some money.
And these guys are paying off everybody.
And the government officials come visit them.
It's just a whole different scene.
You know it's not really a jail.
It's more of a country club.
Okay glad you had a good time.
Thank you.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0.5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
2, 300 open lines here for the last 35 minutes.
No problem at all.
Because we got a lot of people being real religious today.
Going to show Duncan Donuts, McDonald's.
When these get that Dave Thomas, that big and double cheese bread.
And I'm going to show you the burger.
Excellent for you.
I'm Kipper.
Here's a place you can go.
That's actually open today.
And that's Seminole Indian Gaming.
And theaters now from the producer of teaching Mrs. Tingle.
It's making the teacher tingle.
Here's my new science experiment.
Here.
Blame again.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Making the teacher tingle in theaters and sex shops everywhere.
130 at 5, 60, WQM.
Anybody here anymore about that teacher with a 13 year old kid?
No.
Any more about the history down in New York?
No.
Any of these things?
No.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5.
It's the moment we hit the hurricane.
I got to do holidays.
You know, these things have to take their time.
In due time.
Like Linda Blur said.
Here's a mobile in Oakland Park.
Hello.
You know how are you today?
Pretty good, sir.
What kind of moron are you getting callin' up saying the Mexican jail is nice place to go live?
What an idiot.
Well, I guess you'd tell us a lot about where he's living now.
Jesus.
What a moron.
I'm going to be living under a bridge down in Oakland Park now.
Of me?
I got a question for you, please.
First of all, if Notre Dame is a Catholic school, what the hell do they do in 0 and 2?
You know, does he got to take care of his own?
What do you mean 0 and 2?
I think they're 1 and 3.
They're reckon they've lost 3 in a row.
Oh, they've lost 3, okay.
But I didn't realize they've lost 3.
I know you're not a Boston fan.
In fact, you say it's Barbaric, right?
It is.
I don't say it.
It is.
It's a matter of fact.
Okay.
Well, then, do you probably won't know the answer to it, but I'm really curious about a question that maybe one of your answers says
when your callers could answer?
No.
56670560 call up with boxing trivia on the Jim Manditch, okay?
I'm not interested in trivia, and I'm certainly much less interested in boxing.
And let me say it again, the idea that a guy, a bum like Jake Lamatta, that they would make a movie about his life story number one is ludicrous.
And the idea that anybody would say it was a great movie, that's even more ludicrous.
Just ridiculous.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
Here's Fort Lauderdale, huh?
Okay, here's our last call of the day, Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil, I've been out of town for a while, and I heard a promo for the Panthers.
The Janksmith dollars really the voice of the Panthers?
Yes.
When did that happen?
That's great.
When did it happen this year?
I mean, when did they hire them?
A couple months ago.
Oh, okay.
I just got back.
I was away for a few months, though.
Yeah.
Wow.
Okay, has he done any games?
Yeah, he did.
I heard some of the exhibition game last week.
He sounded good.
Oh, great.
I'm looking forward to it.
Thanks, Neil.
Okay, pal.
I put my phone on.
Everybody agrees.
Veteran Christina Moron by a million light years.
Of course, he, when I don't like about the Jigsmith, he doesn't use a lot of those old, funny, dirty expressions like my friend Rimmer uses, you know.
Like the Marsh Pigs and the Half Boards.
Come on, Rimmer.
Almost the 21st century lighten up a little bit.
Get with the program, Rimmer.
Those old, funny, dirty, hockey expressions, man.
Even foster a heroine's embarrassed with some of those.
Here's Mimey B.
Chilo.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, listen.
I'd like to tell you, George had a great week when you were away.
I really liked it.
They had people call in.
He had female calls three or four in a row.
Yeah.
And I never listened to George.
Anytime he sold him for you, I should turn him off.
Yeah.
But I caught the first hour and I've never been to a swingers club and I don't intend to go to one.
But it was very interesting having the people come out of the closet and talk about their experiences.
Some go back, some don't go back.
And I think, I think George Hamilton was very good.
It was an interesting week.
Great.
Six days.
I think he was there at six days.
Right.
Yeah.
But it was, it was good.
Thank God.
Okay.
Thank you.
Here you go.
George did a wonderful job.
Okay.
He didn't do swing clubs all seven days, whatever.
It was just five and a half.
Half of it, I had to start my new religion.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
I'm San Neil.
According to the Miami Rags, the Hollywood teacher from South Park High School, those charges were still appending from the students from Pabano.
I couldn't make out.
Your phone is breaking up.
It was dropped against one of them charges pending still on the other.
Yeah.
The South Park teacher, the South Park teacher, the male teacher, the charges were dropped.
The female teacher, according to the Miami Rags, was that all that's ancient news?
Do you ask about it?
So I'm calling it, tell you.
But that's from weeks ago.
That it was dropped against one.
But what about the school board?
That's where the problem lies.
Who lies with the whole community that finds you indulge in everybody else's business others in their own?
Right.
Exactly.
Okay.
Thank you.
Do I learn anything from that?
No.
He meant well.
Okay.
600 open lines.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
See when George is here, we get women callers.
We get interesting callers.
We get brilliant people.
When I'm here, it's like a battle.
It's like a battle.
So I think it's time to step aside and make way for the new wave.
I could have taken off today.
I said, I'd like to be out on your own Kipper on Monday.
I'll play Jew for a day or Queen for a day, whichever you like.
He wasn't too crazy about being here today.
So here I have to wind up today again.
Vagan for calls, 25 minutes to go.
I got two sticking calls on the board here.
Pathetic.
Here's a mobile and peppered pine.
Hello.
How are you doing now?
Okay, sir.
Listen, speaking of J. Klomatta, I don't know if you read the book.
Of course not.
Why would I read a book about that?
Well, let me tell you why.
I read the book before I ever saw the movie.
Yeah.
Ends up that J. Klomatta killed a man when he was a teenager.
Now, if you read the book, it's there.
I'm not making this up.
Yeah.
The guy was a freaking criminal.
And?
Okay.
Well, I'm just saying.
You know, it's another, you know, idolizing J. Klomatta, like you were saying.
You know, the guy was a hood.
Yeah.
I'm talking about he was a murder.
Well, according to you, I didn't read the book.
So how do I know?
Yeah, I would lie.
I'm telling you.
Okay.
Okay.
What are you saying?
I don't believe it.
Okay.
What difference does it make?
That's not the point.
The point is that he was a two-bit character of very little significance in the course of human
events.
And this movie, this black and white dull terminal movie, with Joe Pesci, that would have
been the same four words over and over again.
And Robert De Niro acted like some psychopath.
But not nearly as good as a taxi driver.
And that's it.
That's all it was.
I mean, thank God that I shouldn't say that because then I wouldn't have watched it.
I wouldn't have wasted my time.
Because if you can get by that long, ponderous opening scene where he's shadow boxing with
himself and the music goes on.
And that's why I've never watched it before.
That goes on for about 75 minutes, just with the opening credits rolling.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line, 22 before 2 at QAN.
Thank you.
It's a moment, K-Y, and your K-N.
Stay.
We day, like this is we see.
Like the sea, but we must tell you.
We swear with nightdakes if you want.
These outfits are clandestines.
They will take your eyes.
We got length.
We swear with nightdakes.
We look like children.
We see the sun.
We sing like a chrysanthemum.
We sing like a chrysanthemum.
We sing like a chrysanthemum.
We sing like a chrysanthemum.
Our biggest fans are 12 year old girls.
We sing like a chrysanthemum.
Frozen houses.
Because they all figure out we're hiding our latency
One thing is for sure we gain
Many angels
We do need you
Wash our clothes up and we keep tied up
We want to do what I should make sure I do
But today we think that we should better say
We say we're not gay
I say we're not gay
143 at 560 WQM here is one of the great hate letters in history
Unsigned of course, aren't they all unsigned?
Virtually all
Around the front of the envelope on the bottom left hand corner attention hate meal department
Now wait till you hear the very listen, wait till you hear the first sentence
Dear scumbag after listening to you since the year of 1985
Talk about a slow learner
Fourteen years it took them to realize all of the following
I have now realized one thing I've wasted a lot of my personal time
Yes you have ratings I guess that's all those Fingers you work for care about
But your program is four hours of fart noise and eating ben-
Ventures B-I-N-C-H-E-S
Ventures of fat Cuban and Cubans and Jews
Eating benches
Who after wiping sandwich slime and pizza drool from their free eating SH
A whole faces start dreaming of where free dinners and concert tickets can be collected
You stay in South Florida though you readily admit you hated
Hey pack your SH and head to Italy now don't wait for three years
Your constant negativity toward everything is a tired old story
You're not fresh with great material you are now a tired effing hack
A hack that hopes some asshole will give his lonely phone a ring and say something stupid
Thus providing the tired scumbag hack with four hours of ripping material
Actually you're a lucky tired effing hack because these same twenty phone callers have provided you with a handsome income
I guess the reason for the high ratings is the given fact
Wait till you're this excuse the given fact that people are eagerly awaiting your demise
And total meltdown on air crash it won't be long
Three double you he's the only weighted 14 years
Oh god patience pays off at the end pal
I also note every other project you put your hands down is on his turn to SH
Whammy lost the job
Keynes baseball lost the job appearances on at Mark Jacobson TV show
A major embarrassment would a major talent appear on a sad tech piece of etch SH
And commercial like that no but they probably had great free food good for you fat ass
I know the drill pal everyone sucks but you and you you'll read this letter rip my ass before us
Yeah I can't rip your ass pal because you're anonymous
You don't have the balls to sign it even a first name even a made up name
Giving you yet some more material and another payday but at least I get my voice heard
You my friend are a week lonely piece of yesterday's news SH
I washed my hand to your SH program and an overrated fat ass about 10 years too late for a f-ing dirt nap F you
Sincerely none of your F-ing business
Well this must be Joe Pesci Jr
Every other word is F this and SH that but that's pretty original
This is beautiful
Framed it
Been listening since 1985 it took this asshole 14 years
14 years to discover that I'm an F-ing old tired hack with no act
By the way thanks for doing those Jacobson show so I could get a free car by the way
There you go that's the only reason I did him by the way
The only reason I did him was because we had a deal going with candle Toyota
So that George could get his car back in those days which was free
But nevertheless since you're an expert on everything that I touch
Including Hurricane's baseball which went to another station that I wasn't working on by the way which went to GBS
And as far as whammy is concerned lost the job thank God
Okay thank God and you'll notice by the way the news on whammy the sports on whammy
Airby locally originated program on airship whammy with the naked people in the 10 show
Other than that airby local show gone
So must have been Niels fault that whammy is a total flop of the disaster
It must have been Niels fault because I touched it
And you know something we took the free money with a smile on our face
And it was a tremendous impediment to this show that's why Tom Chauvin spitting his grave right now he was right about that
56050560.560 on a AT&T wireless line here's a mobile in Miami Beach hello
Hey Neil how are you okay sir
I'm gonna call and thank you for those hockey tickets on Friday
Did you go?
Did yeah I did not like that all the way
I saw having one call about the game
I know that that guy Wayne don't ever get him tickets again
And now that you mentioned it you know I forgot we gave away all those other tickets for that particular game I forgot that
And nobody else even called and said thanks for the tickets or we had a good time or blowing out your ass nothing
So I had a great time Neil
How did they look?
It looks pretty good that that's your whatever's name is the new guy
It looked alright
Yeah
Wells was the same usual self
Mm-hmm
Doing a
Trying to pick a fight with everybody out there he's definitely a goon
Chris Wells is a goon
Yeah or War well you mean Peter War well
War well I'm sorry War well
Yeah right
Yeah how he did was going around trying to pick fights with everybody
Yeah
Lindsey looks pretty good
What else
Hard to get too much out of an exhibition game
It's true so many line changers wasn't can you keep it track
Okay let's get a good time pal
Thanks
5 6 7 0 5 60
0 5 60 on the 18 tier
I should probably take the last few minutes of the show today
To apologize to the audience for taking a paycheck for this tired old show because somebody is standing with a handgun
Somebody standing with a guy named Shotgun probably forcing you to listen like they did this poor bastard for 14 years
Since 1985 and one of the best lines in here was
I've wasted a lot of my personal time
How do you like that
And he's given me a song and a dance about him a lonely tired old piece of crap
But he's wasted 14 years for hours a day
Five days a week that's 20 hours a week a thousand weeks a year 14,000 hours of his life
Listening to this show and don't forget watching the show on Wami every night
Don't forget that
This is probably the asshole I call from Helen Dale Beach before
Who by the way is still listening right now because you know that he says in here
Oh yeah, it'll give you more material rip my ass before it's end of it
So which like I said you don't have the balls to sign even a make bowl not even smart enough to make believe name on here
You're such a puss none of your f-ing business
See I was considered the source of the sources some asshole I say okay that's a man asshole
But if the source is totally anonymous don't even have the balls to put them in
So how can it mean anything to anybody and guess what does it no no?
No
14 years of massacism of subjecting himself to this tremendous punishment this no talent piece of turd on the radio
I don't know about you
But when I watch a program on TV when I listen to something on a radio when I listen to music
I do it because I like it
Because I'm enjoying something
No not here
Not here just like all these people we had today with their radio accident
5 6 7 0 5 60
On the 18t wireless line here's Davy hello
What's the incident of pizza and a tube?
Okay
