Sport Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
To talk to Neil called 567-0560 toll-free for date and rarer, or pound 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions or the Beasley Rod Task Group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sport Radio 560 QAM.
I can't go, I can't come in to meet you.
Oh man, don't you ever take a bath.
What are you doing?
Where are you going?
This is the long-distance town.
Oh man, I checked it out, I can blow bubbles out of my knowledge.
And the sun is hot, the dew is too soon.
I ain't jealous, but I know the day.
Your hair is hot, moving down, drawing a little like this.
And in fact, that smell will make you beautiful.
These kids' jokes are funny.
So, the red light says, now what I find to do is get in the mirror, but everyone's been tested and scared.
Walk through hallway sideways.
And these covers would go below the head.
Mama said he's a daddy.
I'm gonna eat you.
Such a handsome young man, he can't sleep in the wall.
We're not too sure what's going on there.
Stay away from me.
Josh Freeman.
I feel safe to eat money, but he's no Sam Angel.
I'm funny, isn't he?
Don't come near me.
Josh Freeman.
He's a legend, he's a tree-man, if I'm not right, he's a mountain, he's a mountain.
Got so bad his guns exploded.
Stewing branches while all over the room.
There's staples of pants down his roof, big.
Just you holding all that greasy old food.
Stay away from me.
Josh Freeman.
He thinks I dare his hair is pretty cool, I don't like him.
Why, I think he does.
Don't come near me.
Josh Freeman.
Come here, come here.
Somebody's eating so much food in the room of user.
He went to school on the anvil.
In the 50s, Robert Young made people laugh and father knows best.
Now, this great series is back, starring a few Catholic priests who like it young in the return of Father Knows Best.
Step into the confession or believe.
I don't know, Father, this makes the 47th time I've been in there this week.
Oh, Billy, you want to be a good Catholic, don't you?
Yeah, but does everybody get a spanking?
Father Knows Best.
It's the Vatican's best kept secret, and you've got a private seat for all the fun.
Just enter the directory from the rear.
Alright, Billy, boy, each time for your flute lesson.
But Father, your flute has only one hole and it doesn't make any noise.
Oh, it will, Billy. It will!
Father Knows Best.
Once you've seen this new sitcom, you'll wonder why you've never heard about it.
Let me introduce you to Saint Peter.
Father Knows Best.
Going to church may not seem very entertaining, but there really is something funny going on here.
So anyway, where's that story?
Priest to Amicably Resolved.
Not another one of these damn Priest stories you're going to start with, especially when La Papa is down there in Cuba.
And is that interesting how he brought them just what they needed, a good stern lecture?
Not food, not medication, not like anything, just a little shaky finger waving.
See, we're doing it right, George.
You've got to like, it's got a shake and the finger too.
Priest to Amicably Resolved.
Woman seeking counseling said she was seduced.
The lawsuit that began a year ago with an unnamed plaintiff claiming that she had been seduced by a prominent priest,
and that a movie deal was in the works, ended on Thursday with an underscores agreement to dismiss the case.
Attorneys for the Reverend Thomas Fowdy.
I think it's Foody.
Don't you think Foody had something to do with this?
How's it spelt?
F-O-O-T-Y.
F-O-U-D-Y, okay?
It is pronounced Foody.
It's Foody?
Foody, Father Foody.
He's not on a church anymore?
Pastor of St. Colman, Catholic Church in Palmito Beach, and Alinka Sullivan.
Oh, what a name that is, huh?
Alinka, this linka.
I've light house points in the court hearing that a lawsuit had been amicably resolved with being dismissed.
The case is over. Nobody would say whether any money would change.
And that's it.
Absolutely not going to touch that with a 10-foot pole.
And don't-
Don't be trusted, though.
And that's the end of that, okay?
So obviously he didn't do nothing.
And the Pope is done.
They're giving a big lecture about don't stop making lots of babies.
See, it's kind of like a catch-22.
And the thing that I found the most astonishing and amazing of all of this Cuba stuff was buried in the middle of this story.
It says, the Pope's words echoed among many Cubans who have long talked about a moral crisis.
A majority of couples in Cuba are not married and merely live together,
which I think is all the more reason why there shouldn't be no birth control, right?
That's why they got to keep making babies.
And as a matter of fact, in 1990, only 34% of all babies in Cuba were born to married women.
66% were married to women who are not were born, like I said.
66% were born to women who are not.
They're not married.
You don't think El Douché was one of those, do you?
That's got those two daughters back there.
Although he is not concerned about bringing them here because they're not married anyway.
Oh yes, there are still many sporadic couplings, you know, if it says...
Ha ha ha ha.
About 23% of all official marriages in 1995 ended in divorce.
Well, that's a lot better than this country where over 50% ended in divorce.
The deal over there is they just don't get married.
But the Pope says, oh, this message is his man.
It is so typical, this Stone Age crap.
He says, the family, the fundamental cell of society and the guarantee of its stability,
nonetheless, experiences the crises which are affecting society itself.
This happens when married couples live in economic or cultural systems,
which under the guise of freedom and progress promote or even defend an anti-birth mentality
unless induced couples to have recourse to methods of regulating fertility,
which are incompatible with human dignity.
Oh!
Let me read that one last thing.
Induced couples to have recourse to methods of regulating fertility,
which are incompatible with human dignity.
In other words, birth control.
Oh no.
There was even, says, a la papa, an acceptance of abortion,
which is always in addition to being an abominable crime,
a senseless impoverishment of the person and society itself.
See, you see how this all feeds on itself.
In other words, no birth control.
So a lot more unwanted pregnancies.
So a lot more abortions.
It's like a, you know, it's a self-propeggiating nightmare.
Or at least that's what they make it into.
It's like they know that everybody wants to do it a lot.
So they end up by telling you that it's all sinful and all hateful,
then they make you to come there underneath and speak to all the priests
and the older boys, et cetera, and so on,
because they know that you're going to keep doing it.
So it's like getting caught in an endless web,
in a wicked web, it's like a rat running around like a hamster
or a durable running around inside that thing.
Brackdom forever.
So thanks a lot, La Papa, for bringing those plane loads and plane loads of food
and clothing and the medication and the toilet.
And toilet exactly.
They don't need toilet paper.
We know the story.
We already told us they reuse it over and over and over again.
You put it in that little box.
Throw it away.
No, you put it in there in the illicitika kind of stiff
and then after it's, oh, yeah.
Are we into recycling?
Well, there are two sides to one.
That's right.
Two sides to every story and then they can sit.
If it's good enough for the Ruske's man,
that he folding it over and over and over again,
there's nothing worse than real thin toilet paper.
I really respect a good place.
You go into a restaurant and you got to take a real bag
and you go into the, see you go into the job.
What a terrible thing that is.
You go into the toilet and if the toilet paper is good,
like thick and cushy, I respect that place,
even if the food sucks.
At least they got something going.
But you go into a public place and or any place,
even a place of work.
And they got real thin, crappy toilet paper
where your fingers go through, you know, that is...
Oh, man.
Single ply.
They would take that down there.
In fact, why not start sitting down there?
Caster is full of crap.
Let's not, why not start sitting?
I'm a whole bunch of your toilet paper.
Let's admit Mr. Wipple would have done more for them
down there than the goddamn Pope.
I'll try to that right now.
Now, Al Goldstein didn't say that the Pope takes it up to the
rectum yesterday, did he?
I think he did.
Al Goldstein yesterday last night, I have a report on Al Goldstein
and I only wished that we had, you know, a studio in here
that worked with a microphone.
It really worked.
So the last two days when I really had some living and
breathing people in here, you could have heard them.
Instead of spending all the time,
yankin' it and twisting it and pulling it in the microphone too.
But we had a night of pomp and oparclas that there were still
puddles, puddles under the table from people peeing their
pants from listening to this man.
He is so unbelievable, so outrageous, so real.
Here's a real guy, a real fat guy who says he would rather eat
that Ben and Jerry's fish.
Well, he hasn't even tasted yet.
He said, he'll even give up, see instead of, that's what he said.
No, he would rather eat Ben and Jerry's than eat, see,
is what he said.
And he's real big on eating, see.
So there you go.
But he ate it all.
He sat down.
I mean, they were there at the crack of six o'clock last night.
And his wife, which he isn't really his wife,
because they're living in symptoms.
His fiancee, that's a very nice word, Rose, who's a very nice,
very lovely person.
How she ever got hooked up with him, she must have a great sense of humor.
Oh, I see, big bucks.
No, but she's a lawyer though.
I think she's the one that's got even the bigger bucks.
But she's very nice.
And he got there, right at the crack of six.
And I'm sitting there eating my French onion soup, okay?
Which I love at the crack.
They got great French onions.
Oh, that's thoughts coming up.
And so, well, I'm working my way into it.
And so he wants his spaghetti and meatballs,
because there is a tag in it at Pompe no Park.
So they bring a huge thing of spaghetti and meatballs.
But then all of a sudden, he looks to see what I mean.
Oh, what's that?
French onion soup.
Well, I'm going to have that too.
And he had the soup.
And he had the huge bowl of spaghetti and meatballs.
And he had like two desserts.
I think he had his and he had roses.
And then the whole discussion, basically,
other than the fact about how much he'd rather eat food
than he was about Amsterdam, of course,
which he loves a lot and about food.
Right.
This was much better than the scene in Fatso.
I mean, we were just dying.
Just absolutely dying up there.
And then he gives Fatt rich a couple of hundred bucks here.
And oh, make me a few bets.
I have no interest in any of that.
He's not even looking out on the track.
And now the urge just got to him too much.
They had to get up and leave so they could make a quick one.
After like one or two races, he's not interested.
We got to go to Publix to check out that fish food.
I wouldn't be surprised if like 1230 in the morning.
They were still going around all night supermarkets, Albritson,
looking for Ben and Jerry's fish food, which is the best by the way.
The man is absolutely incredible.
I think only in Miami and in TRE Georgia,
would you open up the local newspaper as in a physician,
a local newspaper like the goddamn Harold and read a letter to the editor like this.
See, they leave the Harold downstairs and I figure why even let it sit down there.
Might as well pick it up since it's for free.
And since we're in Florida, if it's for free, we'll take it.
And so I'm browsing through it here this morning.
And here's a letter to the editor.
Now you can imagine how many letters to the editors they get from all these goofballs
that are just totally off the wall.
And nobody would ever put in there.
It says, it's not accepted as the heading.
And the letter says, this is from Andres G. Manarara in Miami.
I congratulate the Cayman government.
It would have been much easier to have allowed this gay cruise,
but the government chose to stand up for what is right and moral.
For some time now, homosexuals have been pushing their agenda,
seeking acceptance is normal when they are not.
We can look to the Old Testament when God punished homosexual behavior in Sodom and Gomorrah.
I hope that more governments, corporations and institutions
would draw courage and energy from the Cayman government's example.
Andres G. Manarara in Miami.
And what do we all think of Andres G. Manarara?
That damn bag, I can't stand it.
Okay, so anyway, it's 10-17.
I thought I would just bring that to your attention, that our newspaper,
that the Miami Hero, which is like all over them,
by the way, lots and lots of fags working over there, I understand.
I understand it's like a food farm over there at the hill,
and I hear that from very good authority right on the inside.
And then, of course, we got this bitch.
We got this Monica Lewinsky bitch, who is not 21, by the way, she's 24.
They had her down about like 14, 15 years old,
the time they got through with all this hyperventilating.
I mean, talk about a little bit of overreaction and hysteria.
Just hysteria, and we know that none of this is being done for political purposes.
We're positive about that.
But, you know, the problem is not the fact that the president is horny.
All of our presidents have been horny.
Even George Bush, just look at the name, implies, right?
All of our presidents have been horny except maybe Franklin Pearson
is lots of speculation we know what he was doing.
But the fact is that this president evidently is a lot dumber than we thought he was.
That's where the problem comes in.
And wouldn't you think if you're the president of the God-Dane U.S.
I mean, she's another one with a real fat push and her face ain't much either.
So, you know, the president just can't keep it in his pants,
and as I started to say, you think that they could bring him whoever he wanted.
I mean, this has been going on for years, you know, very discreetly
and quietly, and the mom's the word, so to speak.
Tom's the word, but not this president.
I mean, if he sees it, and he likes it, he wants it, he does it, and then,
Bapapapapaa, and then loose lips and ships.
You know, tonight, on the hysterical channel,
famous radio milestone, a reenactment of radio's greatest moments
performed by the multi-talented Leo Dynamo, Lenny Marges.
Oh, no, the prison's working.
The prison's working.
All the United States.
All the United States.
Oh, no, let's not say that.
This is one of the bomb's employing.
The phone's all around.
Boom, boom, boom.
Uh-oh, I think, uh, the president can't even shut.
Uh, one of the eastern standard types was that, uh, central time,
two blocks, uh, blood, blood, blood.
This is the giant blood, the giant wind of heaven.
The giant wind of heaven, the giant wind of heaven.
Blood, blood, blood, blood.
This is the giant wind of heaven.
This is the giant wind of heaven.
Today, December 11, 2020, we'll be telling you what we're doing today.
Wap, wap, wap.
You tell them, Lenny.
Wap, wap, wap.
This is the giant, uh.
Lenny Marges.
Reenacting famous moments of radio tonight, only on the hysterical channel.
When the giant wind of heaven, the world is moving.
What else is there?
People are asking you about their blood, where, where?
The giant wind of heaven, you're talking about.
It's about your body, what's it, what's happening?
I have just tasted your snappin'.
Welcome.
Well, we were out on our first date.
After eating at the effects of cancer, we were driving it in my car.
Let one go, at all the fluors go away.
I asked her to come to cheese.
She turned around to look at these ex-girls on cards.
Girls on cards.
I don't think the girls on the cards, but I do.
We don't occur to be hated, so I close them in my head.
And so I roll up and go down the path that gets on her.
It's about something's died in there.
Girls on cards.
Girls on cards, she kept telling me that girls on cards.
But I do.
I heard another deadly squirt, then I held my nose and covered it with my shirt.
I turned around to get her back, with just a matter of time before another attack.
So I have to see who is okay, that she looks at things.
And all the cards are dead, but girls on cards.
All right.
Girls on cards, she kept telling me that girls on cards.
But I do.
Girls on cards.
Girls on cards, she kept telling me that girls on cards.
But I do.
But I do.
Okay.
But I do.
Okay.
The reason I played that right there is George during the previous break was Hakan Miyachronic.
It was leasing through, pouring through these boxes of videos in here.
Some of these anal-oriented ones, and I said having had hemorrhoids for three and a half months,
I'm not interested in hearing or looking or thinking about any of these anal invasions, okay?
Remember that first there was a British invasion, and then we had the anal invasion.
And then he goes into this big song of dance about how women's rectums are so much more cleaner and pinker and more lovely and hygienic.
What?
I can only imagine.
Oh yeah, okay.
Yeah, you can only imagine.
Get out of here, you can't compare.
You working well.
I've never put a mirror down there.
I've never put a mirror down there.
Ashes, then the card has got liver pills.
Well, I saw it all yesterday.
Let me tell you.
Well, you've got a standard to go by.
I guess you've got to point now.
Oh, sorry.
Oh my god.
The thought of the right, right before lunchtime, too, and he's telling me about Al Goldstein.
Oh, jeez.
Man, oh man.
Talk about heaving gigantic mounds.
Anyway, Jeff Gordon, NASCAR driver three days ago, how come we only get this now?
This was in the paper on Tuesday and I missed it.
Must have been mighty important.
And an announcement that some insider say is not really a big surprise.
NASCAR defending champion, Jeff Gordon, this week came out of the closet with the proclamation that he is proud to be gay.
Speaking of the launching gathering of Atlanta hairstylist, he made the proclamation.
I'm still the same person.
I've always made a big effort to get really close with these guys and that's not going to change.
Yeah, but he has, especially that French, what's that French race car driver?
You know it.
Jacques Villanuev is that his name?
Come on, George, you got to know something.
I know these things, huh?
Get out of here.
You probably want to get close to him.
However, some of Gordon's competitors do not share his optimism.
I figure that NASCAR fans will drop him like last week's fishing bait.
So seven-time Winston Cup champion Dale Earnhardt.
He'll probably have to go to Formula 1 racing to be accepted.
This is a Bubba crowd.
The only damn thing they want home always their milk.
Penske driver Rusty Wallace was a bit more to the point.
I'll run over any little sunbitch that rather suck a shwance than a siphon hose.
How do you like that?
Huh?
That's Rusty Wallace who said that.
Maybe he's kind of George Wallace.
And then I got this back from a mic.
Now, can you think this is for real?
I'm not going to read his last name on here because I'm too embarrassed for it all the way in the tag.
And it means stench.
But anyway, this is what can I do with you?
Why do you continue to bash the Catholic religion and the Pope?
You say you bash all religions, but I never heard you talk about any others.
Do you fear what you don't understand?
I never talk about any others like I wasn't talking about the ceiling.
How see them on another day, Brecher called just the other day,
and about how they're rocking back and forth there at the Wailing Wall.
And we were talking about the Seventh Day Adventist and the Jehovah's Witnesses.
We're talking about Catholics because it's in the news.
Yeah, exactly.
I don't think that we had a Seventh Day Adventist just go to see Fidel.
Or we had the Jaime Schwartzman go there from Israel or somewhere.
We had the Pope God.
Damn, and he's there.
That's why I'm talking about it, Ewhidiot.
Why bash the church for a few priests who have done wrong?
Oh, give me a break, a few priests who have done wrong.
You are so brainwashed by Catholic friend out there.
I feel badly for you.
I feel bad that your brain has been so closed and so rotted by years and years of brainwashing and conditioning.
It's time to get yourself a new conditioner.
Like, Prele would be good.
He says, remember, they are human.
Okay, human we can deal with.
It sounds like our president, we don't mind human.
Hipper crits and liars, those are the ones that of course then the ones who are always finger pointing.
Oh, this is sinful, even a word doing it and got only knows how many altar boys should every president pass in future be considered bad because of a few bad ones.
How can you judge an entire entity on a few bad people?
Look at the whole picture.
How you spell a whole mic as in Bracum.
And I still, and Mike's by the way, doesn't have the name of any straight priest in here.
Not one.
We're still waiting for the name of one straight priest.
He says the Pope is the leader of the church.
The church Jesus Christ started 2000 years ago.
And again, you're wrong, Mike.
Jesus Christ didn't start any church.
Okay.
It's already belonged to one.
He was very happy.
Yeah, he was a Jew.
He was a Jew boy.
Okay.
His buddy Paul saw whatever you call him this week.
Alan Saul, I think from Pompato Beach.
He started it.
He says all I ask is for a little compassion, a little rock monis.
I think is the word he's looking for.
I love your show.
Your hurry and tell us it's entertaining.
But when you continue to talk like you do about the Catholic religion, I have a tough time listening.
Please give it some thought.
God bless.
God bless.
As in, get out of here.
Mike with his drivel with his nonsense.
And it's been interesting how he says when you talk about the Catholic religion, he has a tough time listening.
When we talk about the Mormons, he's loving it.
Yeah, right on.
Jesus Smith.
What an asshole.
All religions are wrong except yours.
Yeah, right.
By definition.
Exactly.
Of course, that's what makes this so ridiculous on the push of it, Mike.
Because they're all man-made bull crap.
Mine is bigger than yours.
Mine is better than yours.
Mine is better than yours.
Mine God is better.
Mine God is more jealous than yours is.
I mean, for crying out loud, how can any thinking person believe all this God will they go?
They're still trying to figure out who we need to kill Kennedy.
They're still trying to figure out what the hell is going on.
How that TWA Jack blew up out there.
They went through all those millions of dollars and they pieced the thing together and they give us 8,000 press conferences and they lie through their teeth.
And nobody still knows what that'll really happen.
But 2,000 years ago, this happened and then I have Mike go out and see the world.
Get a life, okay?
Just like those kids, the Backstreet boys.
That to me was one of the greatest breaths of first year when Kevin and AJ weren't here the other day even with his bad microphone.
And I began to realize that all that crap in that doughs, liner notes in there.
These guys, one of them is from West Palm, the one is from Orlando, knit cartors from Tampa and two of them are from Kentucky, including Kevin.
It was standard writer from Kentucky.
Talk about in the end of the thought.
Okay, so needless to say, their upbringing was real, real ultra religious born again, Bible thumping.
And yet you heard what they were talking about.
They love Toronto.
They love Amsterdam.
They were in a red light district.
It was a trip. They're all over the world.
And they're amazed at how in Europe they have great sex education.
People have much more progressive attitudes.
They're not uptight. They're not living in this puritanical mindset.
They don't give a crap about religion. They may go to church once in a while to make it look good.
And like it Amsterdam, there is the old church, the oldest church in town.
And what surrounds the old church is the red light district.
And nobody gives it a second thought.
Nobody cares. Nobody's having nervous breakdown.
They're sitting in the cafe there.
You can smell the aroma in the streets as you walk and buy.
They're smoking a little weed, a little hash, little lumber here, whatever they're doing.
And nobody gives a crap.
And in this country, and there he is again, here we go again on CNN.
And there's the Pope with his cane and the schmop is in there's Fidel.
What a marriage made in heaven that is.
Two bull crap artists.
Which one's got the Tony?
I mean, there's a perfect match.
I think they ought to get out of here.
Wouldn't it be something that they got married?
I think that would be beautiful.
A Pope can't get married.
That's what I need her can Fidel.
He's the busy screw it around on the side.
The Pope can't get married. My ass.
If the Pope says he can get married, yeah, look at that.
He's got the YouTube.
It was one of the Pope's decided.
Well, they changed their mind just like Galileo.
Okay, first they said that he was a sinner and he was going to burn in hell
and they should give him 8,000 lashes.
And they said, like hundreds of years after he died,
they said, oh, by the way, guess what, you were right.
The sun doesn't revolve around the earth.
Oh, what a concept.
Oh, right.
All this our kick gobbledy-gook.
Mike, I'm ashamed that you wasted a piece of paper.
How many trees had to die?
How many poor little trees had to die?
So that you could write me this piece of sputum on a piece of paper there.
Please don't knock the cat lick religion.
And why do you think we got all these young Julios who love this show?
Not just because we're talking about the things of a sexual nature on this program
which gets them highly emotional because they've been so repressed,
but also because when they hear about what a bunch of bullcrap does,
they're saying, yes, that's what they're saying.
Yeah.
They know it's all about your horse dropping.
But poor Mike out there, this guy only wishes.
He only prays in one little part of his mind.
He only prays they can emancipate his brain and think for himself about what a bunch of garbage this all.
But hey, you're not supposed to say that because it's a happening, man.
The Pope is there in Cuba and Fidel.
How come all of a sudden Fidel sent a good guy now?
Oh, yeah, and he's having second thoughts and he's becoming a spiritual man.
Right.
He's becoming very spiritual.
Make no mistake about it.
Am I getting wound up here about what?
What do I get all worked up about?
Because Mike sent me a stupid guy named Fax
and because this race car driver is a fag and that other guy says something about schwances and want, Tommy Wands.
Something like that.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes.
I'm just going to call you to tell you about my brother, Dite of AIDS in 1994 and he was gay.
And when he was the one of the best people you could ever imagine, he'd give you anything from his wallet.
He'd keep, he would leave himself with nothing.
It was a very good, intimate person and I'd miss him dearly and at his mass work ethic,
well, I was a Catholic.
Yeah.
We're a Julio family.
Right.
And I was brainwashing very young.
I asked the priest that it's very left at the cemetery, what's going to happen to my brother?
Because we were always brainwashed that gay people go to hell and stuff.
And he says, well, God will forgive him.
And then I sat to myself and I said, why should God forgive him?
What did he ever do bad?
Yeah.
He was such a good person.
What did he ever do that your priest didn't do?
Yeah, but no, but seriously, I'm talking seriously.
What did he do that was so bad.
He was a better person than a lot of straight people that I know.
Right.
And another thing, people, they are on the street.
I got married at 17.
But people, yeah, well, I'll talk about a Catholic family.
But you must not be circumcised.
I am.
You aren't circumcised?
Yes.
Wow.
For this, you know, something I got to give a sitting ovation here for this audience today.
We got a lot of clean people today.
Thank God for this.
And what I'm... people are homophobic because they themselves are insecure of their own sexualities.
Right.
You got it.
They don't... I mean, I am... I am open-minded.
I'm a university student and it doesn't bother me the least bit to see people that are gay.
Hugging each other because I'm secure with my own sexuality.
I don't care.
You know, and I accepted my brother and I didn't care.
And I loved him and I still love him to this day.
And I got so pissed off when that priest told me, oh, God will forgive him.
Forgive him for what?
What did he do wrong?
Having his own sexual preference?
That was a good individual.
Asked the priest if God is going to forgive him for being a liar in a hypocrite.
Well, that's what I'm trying to say.
I no longer believe in that phony, baloney, mumbo, chumbo.
Oh, thanks, the Lord.
And here's... we get to jackpot.
Here's a young guy whose circumcised and has seen the light.
Well, I'm very open-minded.
I'm 21 years old and I'm open-minded.
I have quite a few friends that are gay.
You know, because my wife gets along with them very well.
And we are very open-minded people.
And another thing that I was going to tell you is that caller that they're called about how banics are taken over.
He sounds a little xenophobic to me.
Yeah, just a little bit.
Okay, Neil.
Have a great day.
Thanks a lot.
There's probably the call of a year right there.
There's like a realific and breathing there.
And you want to know why?
Because he's circumcised.
Because his brain is free to think.
His brain can breathe.
Just like your lungs need to breathe.
Your brain needs to breathe.
And when it's all locked up in that tight and that really, and then of course when you got that real like a lot of piajo in it.
And like that long elephant snouted foreskin.
Then my god, a brain that there's like no hope at the end of the tunnel.
You can't even see the light.
I can't imagine the kinds you go out with.
Meaning what?
What about his anime?
That they're not clean.
Well, if I don't trust anyone who isn't clean.
And there is no one in Europe I have ever encountered who is not clean.
They'll be there.
I can sniff it.
I can smell from a million miles away.
That's why we have double glass between these studios.
Here is a high alia.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Well, I'm the president of Catholic United for Life.
And I don't know where you have a big deal over the Pope.
He does many great things.
You're the president of what?
I'm the president of Catholic United for Life.
What is that?
We are pro-life organizations.
Yeah.
And you know, I don't know why you make a big deal over the Pope.
Because that's my opinion.
What do you mean?
I'm making a big deal.
It seems to me the media is making a big deal.
Everywhere you look we see the Pope.
He's doing great things.
Like what?
He wants his own country.
And he wants his own country.
And he...
His own country is Cuba?
No.
He's doing it to Cuba.
But he wants his own country in Poland.
And he crushed communism over there.
He crushed it with his fist.
No.
He was the word of God.
Yeah.
Okay?
And it's just because you don't...
You have a problem of priest and the Pope.
And you criticize them.
You know, if you think you could do better, you know, than do it.
Then do what?
If you think you could do better than the Pope?
Well, then elect me Pope.
And I'll guarantee you I'll do a lot better.
Oh, yeah.
You have to be...
You have to be...
You have to be what?
You have to be a saying you're old qualified.
Yeah, that's right.
I qualified.
I'm a fact that gives me a leg up, so to speak.
No, you can't...
You have...
You have a different fact in this church.
There's...
Oh, my God.
Wait a minute.
I want you to get...
Do we have a bullet...
I wish we had a bulletin sound.
There's no facts in the Catholic church.
No.
Okay.
Thank you so much.
I'm sorry to leave.
I feel so much better now.
Oh, there he went.
There's no facts in the...
I thought he was going to have a stroke.
I thought he was going to start stroking and he was so excited.
There's no facts in the church.
That was it.
He couldn't handle that.
He ran.
He ran.
I bet he's rubbing his rosary beads and whatever else he can get his hands on right now.
That was beautiful.
He's the head of what?
Woo!
There's no facts in the church.
How's Montenegro Brian Walsh doing, by the way?
How's he doing?
Well, they don't call them that in the Catholic church.
What do they call them?
Spirit as lifestylers.
Yeah, alternative lifestylers.
My ass.
Well, not my ass.
Maybe your ass.
Yeah, not mine.
What a thought.
It goes narrowed up old priests.
Like I said, that movie mass appeal with Jack Lemmon is one.
In fact, you should have gotten a copy for this guy, okay?
With Charles Durning in the Jack Lemmon, you should have gone out and got 85 copies and said it to this guy in his flock.
And he's doing great work over there.
He's given lectures to people who need food and he's telling them, hey, keep making more babies.
No birth control.
No more abysons.
More and more and more babies and more starvation.
And good luck to you and go out and plant some seeds in the backyard.
And I'll go plant some seeds where they'll grow.
That's what he wants you to do.
Go plant some seeds.
Or score it.
By the way, can he watch?
Our friends at WQA App is proud to bring you the WQA and School of Broadcasting.
Yes, you too can have an illustrious career in the wonderful world of radio.
If you follow our curriculum, the course is free.
Of course you'll work for free.
Go on 1-800-WON-A-B and speak to our director of education, Mr. Lenny Martez.
So, you want me to black cast out?
Oh, I want to.
A black cast out?
A black cast out?
Yeah.
So, who is that?
Well, do you say news?
Deak.
Do.
News.
Do.
No.
No, that's not news.
Do.
News.
I'll take you out of the store.
You need help.
Yeah, we have the Jolo's Beginner's class.
We, we, we, we, we...
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait...
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait...
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait...
Over here, we have the...
Of the Cectaf Deliverway wood!
Wait, you know what I mean?
Wait, my area, save the investigate!
I'm going to do it!
Go on right now!
Go on right now!
Hurry, hurry, hurry!
I'm moving on!
I'm moving on!
I'm moving on!
I'm moving on!
I'm moving on!
I'm moving on!
I'm moving on!
I'm moving on!
And over here we have the...
I feel like the rhythm.
Ah, ah, ah, and...
I'll open your books to...
a page of...
a routine.
A routine after me.
And...
Nah, that's what I want to do the routine.
Get in.
And over here, this woman,
don't you wanna laugh?
Yes, it's the wonderful world of radio.
Oh, radio.
Where you can hear your own voice.
Let the WQAM School of Broadcasting provide you with the essential tools you'll need
to make your wet radio dreams come true.
I mean, uh, one from two.
With the music that we're...
The media is sick and they talk badly.
You know, yesterday morning, get out of bed,
I go to my TV Sunday morning, I happen to be one of those people who, you know,
flips around on the set and watches some of the news shows.
You know, more than rarely I pay no attention to this stuff, but Sunday morning,
I kind of compartmentalize a little bit of my brain.
And I watch a little bit of me depressed, I watch a little face-to-nation.
If there's something going on that, uh, a little of the, uh,
this week's show used to be brinkly before we started doing those ADM spots.
But at any rate, so yesterday I'm flipping my local channels.
Channel four.
Channel six.
Channel seven.
And channel ten.
You should all rot in hell.
And thank God for my two satellites.
This is especially the big dish.
Because the only way you could see any of those shows up until, uh,
I think was 11 30 yesterday morning was if you had a satellite dish because channel four,
channel six, channel seven and channel ten,
all decided that the pulp was more important than the fact that president may be
resigning any day or being impeached to whatever's going on with Monica Lewinsky,
who isn't really all that bad by his standards, right?
At least three years ago she wasn't that bad.
That picture they've only shown 25,000 times where they're embracing.
She's in the crowd and he gives a little wink and a little grab and a little feel and whatever else.
It's a banana republic, baby.
That's right.
Now president, they is doing it is banana business and the country is like on the verge of falling
because of the president's banana business to show you how immature and pathetic we are.
But the thing that really pissed me off even more than channels four, six, seven, and ten
was the British and their reaction to this about how immature and how silly we are.
The British are the masters.
They are the inventors of all this tabloid crap of having a nervous breakdown every time somebody gets an erection over there.
My God.
And Prince Philip, he's running around banging everything that moves in his been for the last 40 years.
And then Charles was kind of a slow starter.
Once he got started, said, oh God, that's good.
And he hasn't stopped ever since.
Although it's tasty, you got a question really since he didn't pick Diane out in the first place.
And she wasn't much of a prize anyway.
But that Camilla Parker bowls, man, oh man.
In fact, I think that's what she might be as man, oh man.
She looks like she looks like something in drag.
But anyway, they got the balls to be talking about us being silly.
Where the hell do they think we got it from?
From them, we learned the lesson well.
But we got to see this.
Only the Catholic Church could manipulate the media and the public to convince us that this was a major news story.
Not a religious story that had nothing to do with no business being on that.
Here's a mess.
Here's a Catholic mess.
I understand that there's paid time on Sunday morning.
Reverend Schurer with this crystal caffeine roll all his millions.
And that faker that not see up there and Broward that's on the TV.
Yeah, these guys are all over the place.
And they buy the time.
So they can propaganda spread their empires.
Raise more cash.
But here's a Catholic mess and it's being passed out.
Oh, and the people who were covering this stuff.
I thought they were going to pass out, especially that Christian Amon Pura on CNN.
Oh, it's just so wonderful to be here.
And now the Pope is back in Rome.
I saw him on a big Alotaria 747 Wattel off of there this morning on TV.
He's back over there and guess what?
I don't see no political prisoners being released yet today to you.
I don't see Fidel kneeling on his thing and crossing himself and saying Hail Mary is enrubbing his beads.
I don't see any of that going on and don't hold your breath.
But Channel 4, Channel 6, Channel 7, Channel 10 thought it was a lot more important to give us a Catholic mass on Sunday morning,
which I guess most people who wanted to go to a mass couldn't get out of the house.
Then do give us the information about what the hell is going on here.
And now of course the media in their unbelievable feeding frenzy.
Now the new deal is they're taking polls on everything.
They're even even got one question.
How long do you think the president's poll is?
And they're having not only ratings on what do you think of Clinton and what do you think of Kenneth Star?
What do you think of Monica Lewinsky?
Why?
What?
Who the hell is Monica Lewinsky?
You decide the fact that we're seeing these few pictures on there, which now she's got the big fat bulbous face.
And three years ago she looked a lot better and by his standards was pretty damn hot.
She was a groupie.
She was an intern.
She was a groupie hanging around outside the Oval Office or whatever else was Oval in there as in Havos.
And she was scantily clad and provocatively clad and a president being real horn.
He said, all right, I'll do it.
It's often as possible.
Yeah, what do you think?
What do you think?
And then they're asking all these people like Henry Hyde that right wing son of a bitch with his anti-abortion thing.
Remember the Hyde amendment that the, yeah, they're asking him the head of the Senate Judiciary Committee.
Well, what do you think about, yeah, right?
And he's just salivating.
Look at, look at here we go.
Simpity for Monica Lewinsky.
Sounds like a poll walk to me.
Jewish, I think.
Oh no.
Oh god.
Yeah.
Yeah, all her buddies.
This, the other one that was on the Goldberg bitch, the attorney.
It's a Jewish conspiracy.
There you go.
And right away the media is asking everybody all these questions.
What do you think that the public is going to do when he comes out with that state of union address tomorrow?
And what do you think that all the people in that damn Himangus Chamber?
What do you think they're going to be doing?
Yeah, they're going to be sniggering is what they're going to be doing.
So the bottom line is the president's horny, which is nothing new.
We've always known that he was a real woman.
I even all our presidents have been horny.
In fact, if they're not, you should start asking some real questions.
I think the only one I can think of in recent history, we don't know too much about with Gerald Ford.
And being his boring and much of a dullard and dumb as he was, he probably didn't know there was such a thing as screwing around on the side.
In fact, he probably barely knew that there was so much of a thing as screwing around like in the missionary position, much less on the side.
But in any rate, so that's basically what we got here is, and of course, what really cracks me up is these people who say,
oh my god, but this is perjury and subordinate perjury and obstruction of justice, they told her to lie.
Of course, they told her to lie.
Are you out of your mind?
Is there any public official at any level who's going to say, oh yeah, well if they ask you just say that, you were the best piece of ass I ever had, honey.
Of course, they told her to lie.
So what's the big deal?
We're going to impeach the president.
We're going to force him to resign because he's screwing around.
He has some little rocks, isn't he?
He likes his rocks.
These people, man, these hypocrites, these silly ass people in this country.
And just coincidentally, by the way, it happened to be reading this Seymour Hirsch book, which I'm reading three books at the same time, so I'm a little slow.
It seems to me like about three weeks I've been telling you I've been reading this book.
The dark side of Camelot about the Kennedys.
And Saturday night, I'm reading this, and I came across about the page in a half, two pages here, which I would nearly don't read on the air,
but I'll make an exception right now, which I will read since most of you don't read and have read this book.
To give you a little bit of an idea of what life is really all about in the real world,
page 226, the dark side of Camelot.
Listen very closely and very carefully, okay?
Larry Newman, the first college graduate of this family, probably joined the Secret Service in 1960, and in the fall of 1961, was quickly promoted to presidential detail.
His first major assignment was to provide security for a presidential speech in Seattle in November.
Newman and Clint Hill, a senior agent flew to Washington in 10 days before Kennedys visit.
We had excellent cooperation with the Seattle Police Department.
Newman recalled in 1995 interview for this book, and the president made his speech and returned without incident to the safety of his suite in the Olympic hotel.
The floor of the hotel had been sealed as Secret Service Protocol dictated, access was limited to those with special clearance.
That night, Newman got what he called my baptism by fire.
Sometime after Kennedy was back, Newman heard a commotion of the elevator.
A loyal Democratic sheriff had come out of the elevator with two hookers and was bringing them down toward the president's suite.
I stopped demanding he was loudly proclaiming that the two girls were for the president's suite.
The sheriff's party included a group of local policemen who would help to provide security for Kennedy's speech.
It was clear Newman told me that the sheriff and police men knew the women and knew they were high-class call girls.
Before long, Dave Powers came out of the suite. The sheriff tried to walk inside with the two women, but powers cut him off.
Newman recalled, thanked him for bringing the girls up and took him into the suite.
Newman was embarrassed and at one point threatened to arrest the sheriff for interfering with the activities of federal officers.
He only wanted the thrill of letting the president know what a great favor he'd done for him, but what he wanted to do personally delivered the prostitutes was impossible.
Before leading the floor of the sheriff, officiously warned the two women that if any word of this night gets out, I'll see that both of you go to still cool, mistate mental hospital and never get out.
I couldn't believe this, he said, but he did. Newman recalled, I couldn't believe he said this, but he did.
One of the policemen, they lieutenant asked me, does this go on all the time?
I just didn't know what to say and said, well, we traveled during the day. This only happens at night.
The cops, the firemen and everybody else involved with presidential security have been alerted that these girls were going in and meeting with the president.
Meeting with the president, Newman said, there was no question about that. Something to do with meat.
Later that evening, Newman made what should have been a routine check of security along the corridors of the U-shaped hotel.
The presidential party had booked all the rooms on the floor and the suites for the president and the senior aides, powers and Kenny O'Donnell were located on one end of the corridor.
At least six Seattle police officers have been assigned to guard the fire escape exits on the floor, but Newman found their posts unmaned.
Instead, the officers were all bunched together in a fire escape well directly across from the presidential suite.
In a room next to the president's two young women on the White House staff could be seen having a three-way sexual encounter with O'Donnell.
The president's chief of staff had drawn the windows, goss curtains, but not the heavier blinds.
The policemen were passing a pair of binoculars back and forth binoculars that were supposed to be used to survey the streets outside.
They were waiting in turn so they could watch Newman told me. The sergeant apologized to me and they reposted themselves and that what was it for me for the day.
I didn't know what to do or say. He said, when I saw in Seattle, it became commonplace to me and the other agents when we were on the road.
Dave Powers was the interface on these occasions and he'd find the women or bring the women along. The women would be brought out of the president's suite after three or four hours.
This became a matter of great concern Newman told me because we didn't know who these people were and we didn't know what they had on their person.
You would just look up and see Dave Powers munching down the hall and saying, hi, pal, and we had no way to stop it.
We were told just not to interfere with it. We didn't know if the president at that next morning would be dead or alive.
Newman now living in Fort Collins, Colorado was quick to say that he and his fellow agents loved Ken. They loved the fact that he made an effort to learn the names of the agents and some personal detail about them.
It was highly frustrating because we thought so much of the guy Newman told me. We really didn't like seeing him think so little of himself if that's the right word.
One solution was to blame Powers O'Donnell and other Kennedy hangers on who supplied the women.
They could have been better friends in my opinion. Newman said they could have had more respect for the security. They've written many books about how much they loved him. They were really running a hard risk on this.
He said they were running a really, really hard risk. It is so hard.
And that's all I'm going to read. Okay. So there you go. Just from one little excerpt two pages out of the book about Kennedy, the dark side of Camelotton, whatever had so far in spite of all the denials.
I have no reason to disbelieve any of the stuff in this book. President and entertainers have been screwing around for as long as anybody can remember and nobody gets shocked.
Nobody says, oh my God, he's the president after all. I mean, I will grant you that the concept of the president having phone sex with some slut is a little bit togory at best. It's embarrassing. He's the president after all.
But you know something where he takes his clothes off and God, I sure don't want to see that. But when he takes his clothes off, he's just another man just like anybody else.
And the way the media are carrying on about all this, I'd like to see all these self-righteous assholes. I like George Will who was on there yesterday opening up a big mouth. I'd like to see what's going on in his goddamn closet.
This right wing son of a bitch when he's not watching the cups lose baseball games. Juvenile, it's pathetic. It's embarrassing. And I think it about a week he'll be up.
I really do. I said that last week. I said I give it two weeks. I think my timetable was probably correct. They'll drum his ass out. And of course we know it's not political. Right.
This is 5.60 p.m. This is a branch of who is there anybody out there with a brain larger than a small thumbnail? Is there anybody out there who cares about anything other than somebody wearing a goddamn jacks track? Mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. I want to ask a question. Explain to me about a speechment. I mean, I mean, what about speechment? Yeah. Yeah. Why?
I mean, why is that? I was first and I'll explain to you. Okay. Ricky. Ricky Ricardo there doing a little routine. Explain to me about speechment. And then there's double. Yeah. Double.
Which are those twins, by the way, there's one for the president and one for Al Gore too. Double your pleasure. You know what that's all about? As in that's it. Double your pleasure. Double your fun. One in the couch and one's on the run.
That's what it's all about. Amigo. See you in Habana with Videl and I'll Papa. I'm going to take up religion, I think. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yeah. Hi. How you doing? Good. How are you? Okay. I wanted to bring up Billy Clinton again. Yeah. And say the question is not whether or not he had the door lock, but why can't he keep us pecker in his pants for the next two years? Yeah. Why does it bother you that he's getting laid a lot? No, I think it's kind of strange that he just can't seem to keep it on the wrap. Why is that strange? What man can't do?
Can't keep it under wraps. Do you know any men who other than fags who aren't interested in banging every chick that comes along? Even if he had looked back at you. Do you? Like who? How about say, while man who is married? And I'm not talking about someone in power. I just mean any man. Any man who is married is not screwing around on the side. Are you married? Yes, I am married. Well, I sure hope that you force your husband to use a lot of protection because one of these days if he hasn't already, he's going to bring home a real big surprise. I hope not. But you never know how long have he been married?
For two years. Oh, two years while that explains it. Just wait. You're in for a real shock. But I was just wondering why Bill just can't save it. You can't save it for what? Like in a jar? Like in a big jar? Yeah. Why does he have to go around and do it? It wouldn't even be an issue. I think the other half. I think you ought to be proud of him. At least a lot of the stuff was just phone sex over the phone. Okay. Maybe he's saving that in the jar. I don't know. Why should anybody be concerned about the president's banana business? Why does that concern you? I mean, if he was
doing it with minors or something, then of course, we throw his ass in jail. But then everybody's talking about, well, she was only 21, three years ago. What's wrong with a 50 year old guy doing it with somebody who's 21? What's wrong with that? Well, I'm not doing it. Huh? What's wrong with him not doing it? Oh, maybe he wants to do it evidently. What's wrong with that? Would you want a president who's not interested in sex? Why can he be interested with his wife? And what you've seen her, haven't you? She's got a nice ass. Okay. Well, thank God. Thank God for that. I'm glad you could find somebody you could
relate to, sweetheart. She's got a nice ass. Maybe he's not into ass. Maybe he's more concerned about her. Push. She's got a real party now. Yeah. Maybe he's more concerned about her. Push. My God. What is wrong with you? Don't you understand? These people are from Arkansas. He's got a nice ass. How do you know you've seen her ass? Well, I know my sister all my life. That is why she's now my wife.
And I think my son may know it's true. He's my nephew too. Well, my daddy is my uncle. My mother is my dear grandfather. He's very pleased to see my first cousin as me.
Yeah, that's what we need to know the female little part in office like Reagan who even if he did do it, he couldn't remember anyway. In fact, I don't think he remembers where to stick it as in Beckham. Right. He forgot. That's what auntie says. Just say no. I mean, it's brought here. She was hysterical. Why can't he just not do it? Give me a break. Why can't he not do it for Christ's sake, almighty? Just like the Pope. I would be surprised if the Pope and Fidel had little or something going on there myself. They looked pretty damn chummy by the time he
left. He had a big smile on his old wrinkled up puts and his face too. Oh my God. She is in for the shocker her life. This poor broad man. Oh, but she's been married all the two years. She knows that more moral married guys. They don't screw around on the side. That's
fucking bitch. Right. Who now wants to be married to some moral. Yeah, right. Boring. The word is boring. You're looking for a sweetheart. And I guarantee he's getting plenty probably right now. Why do you think he's at work? He's probably doing everything that moves.
Sweetie because after all that's what it's all about. Isn't it money power and sex? That's what life is all about. Unless you're out of gold.
Then which it's food money power and sex in that order. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Lady in Miami going once. Good morning.
Good morning. What do you want me to ask you something? Well, I say hello to you. I was listening to the lady. My husband is forcing me to listen to this.
But I would like to get one. He's forcing you. Yes. I'm about to call the police. But I'm tired of hearing about this.
Clinton. Crap. It's missus Clinton. It's not worried about it. Why should we? There's better.
Well, how do you know she's worried about her? Not. She's not. I'm a woman. Mike convinced me. It's not. It's not worried about it.
I don't see. I don't see how you're doing. I'm a woman. Women don't care whether their husband is screwing around. No, pay the bills. Oh, there you go.
I'm tired of. I'm tired of hearing about it. I'm an average working woman. But I'm tired of hearing about miss.
Clinton. And who is he who is he is. Who is not. Right. Let's get on with better things.
Okay. Okay. This was born on the cross disease. Yeah. Let's pay more attention to that. Okay. That's a priority right now. How about bombing Iraq? That sounds good to me. Yeah. That's great. Let's hop right on that. Yes. That's great. I'm with you.
And that's it. And look at me. Shell over there too. All right. All right. Thanks. I think you're talking about me, Shell Gillen. I'm all for that. Just send a rass over there and leave it there.
We got to see the reason I'm pumping the number so much today is because we only got like a half a line working. And when we go to with there's nobody there anyway because the phones all screwed up.
Nothing I want to make a big song and a dance about this. But I might be out sick for the next couple of weeks since all of this stuff should have been done before we started here.
But again, these people man like I told you before. Nothing moves them love or money or threats or illegal nothing. Absolutely nothing moves this outfit. Just like those great TV spots were still waiting to see.
Now they're working on getting us those picture cards finally after I belly ached and bitched and screamed and hollered. But of course that might require an expensive.
We got a photographer coming in here to take the same old stupid ugly picture. What the hell do I care what it looks like? Just something to scribble on man.
Oh my you know George had a very very interesting observation and while ago which you may have heard if you run hold which is where the only good stuff on your show comes in during when you're on phone during hold when we're talking back and forth on the intercom which goes on the year.
And that is when he first started working for this second rate horse and buggy outfit back in May or June after we got our walking papers from IOD and I got paid off and he did not so we had to like have a meaningful almost employment W I O D I hate that station.
And he started being the production ace for several months and he came in and he kind of looked around at this joint and he would start bringing up things like that were like ordinary run of the mill things is.
People in the radio business would understand and do and they would look at him like what language you'd be speaking like what you'd be talking about man what's that was a major reality check like you remember and a Zoltan I'm not going to knock him because he's a great guy and he looks good and his wife is very nice Jennifer and we went to dinner the other night at Petalouma's had a great meal on Friday night.
But when I said something about the log I think he thought I was getting personal when he said oh you mean the thing that the commercials are listed I mean yeah there you go and he's and he's one of the brighter guys we got around here okay I say show me your log and she kind of like turn beat red oh man it's like oh this is radio I thought it was a Chinese laundry here's Kendall hello hello Nell yes you know what the difference is between Clinton and all the other past presidents.
He's being done what is that. No besides him screwing around just because he said I'm not not as bad screwing around is no different. He know exactly he has failed to cover it up nicely and the only difference is there's there's 45,000 talk shows and 50,000 media with cameras and microphones. Of course and that's the difference. Yeah that's a big point.
I don't know. When Kennedy was screwing around in the White House there was you know who was there. Sam Donaldson and that old everybody knew about it and nobody said anything and that's the way it was but now there's no respect everything is tabloid journalism and we and the American public really believes they got a right to know what his thing looks like.
I don't want to know what his thing but believe me that would be the last one I'd ever want to see. It really doesn't matter though. I mean I got caught big deal. Everyone does it.
Not according to that young lady I called early on the show you hear her. She's been married for two years. All the more men don't screw around. I just want to know for a real surprise honey.
I just saw her husband screwing around over here in Kendall probably listen to me. I got to wait. Wait. Wait. I just have a quick question. Yes go ahead. Do you think the pope the way he was shaken over in Cuba? You think you would give a good hand job.
Have a great day. Only for Dell with no for sure. Men of God don't do such things. They don't spill their seat on the ground. Maybe that's why they wear those long gowns.
This is sports radio 560 WQ AM Miami Fort Lauderdale.
I had some real hard ones but small ones. In red shoes in my life. Oh I was so like a falling fly.
I was so like a falling fly. I was so like a falling fly. I was so like a falling fly. I was so like a falling fly. I was so like a falling fly. I was so like a falling fly. I was so like a falling fly. I was so like a falling fly. I was so like a falling fly. I was so like a falling fly. I was so like a falling fly. I was so like a falling fly. I was so like a falling fly. I was so like a falling fly. I was so like a falling fly. I was so like a falling fly. I was so like a falling fly. I was so like a falling fly. I was so like a falling fly. I was so like a falling fly. I was so like a falling fly. I was so like a falling fly. I was so like a falling fly. I was so like a falling fly. I was so like a falling fly. I was so like a falling fly. I was so like a falling fly. I was so like a
falling fly spot a falling camera. So like a falling camera with slices of
you cut me into part. Just imagine Andre Pitch as someone from an
brilliant sorte and with this extraordinary
Bigger than a reaction by the way, had a chat with the young priest in Rome who said the
Holy Father agrees with your audience by the way that anal is definitely the way to
go.
That's what he said.
Pope is big on the rectum.
Have you seen it lately?
Gigantic, huge one.
And I'll tell you what else they're big on over there is Viagra.
Oh my God.
That's all they're hucking a china gbot over there.
And if those old priests are going to keep up with those young altar boys, they're
going to have to be popping a lot of goddamn pills.
There's no facts in the church.
Which by the way, I don't want to start on an anti-catholic or anti-religious note.
I got a great book.
This is actually a book you can buy here I would assume.
Because usually I get these funky books like that, you know, the farewell to God that
tumbled in book while you have to call Canada, you have to do this.
I'll tell you.
And this book I'm sure you can actually buy here Hollywood censored by Gregory D. Black,
morality codes, Catholics and the movies.
Now I picked this up and I leafed through it and I said this book is for me, God damn
it.
This is exactly what I've been talking about.
See, what I don't understand is how come when the Pope comes here?
Isn't this, isn't the Pope a Catholic?
How come when he goes to Cuba, he comes here?
How come that's a big story?
How come when some Hindu bastard comes here, he gets like two seconds on the news?
How come when some old Jew comes here?
They get like 15 seconds on the news.
But everywhere the Pope goes and I hate to break the news to you, the Catholics are not
a majority in the world.
I won't say anywhere in the world because unfortunately Latin America were the reproducing
like rabbits.
Yes, they do happen to be a majority, a big majority, and that's the idea.
In Italy, they think they're the majority but still most of the people.
And by the way, I found out also from another young Catholic in Italy, guess what?
You know, all those people, all those geckys at Sunday, Maris at the Vatican?
80% of them are Americans, Tourista.
Yeah, 95% of them are tourists to begin with.
But 80% of them are Americans, dumb Americans who got this religious thing hanging around
the hill like a guy they now betrays.
And the Italians, they're given them the old Italian salute.
They're given them the Bafangulas, what they're given them.
And rightfully so.
But I'm reading this book about the Catholic Church and about the Catholic League of
Deicency and all this other crap.
And I'm thinking to myself, as I'm reading it, who the hell are they to dictate what
the hell belongs in the movies around the air or any other God damn thing for everybody?
See, they don't want to just dictate for themselves, for their own lemons and little
sheep that come along.
They've been doing that for centuries with that book list they got, you know, with all
the banned books like grapes of Roth, stuff like that.
They figured that was Jewish.
But they're running around telling everybody in the God damn world and they're a minority.
Bulldoos put them to shame for Christ's sakes.
And thank God while I was gone, we didn't have no religious insanity in the world.
Thank God for that.
You know, crazy countries like India and Pakistan were testing nuclear weapons while I was
gone.
Thank the Lord for that.
We had an important crap going on in this station.
The marlins were losing every day.
Right.
Got all this good stuff in here in this great, great book which you ought to be going on
and getting it Hollywood censured by Gregory D. Black.
And by the way, the thing I was looking for before, it's called the index liberal prohibition
auditorium.
How do you like that?
Cohibitorium, excuse me, a list of banned publications.
This has been going on for centuries, centuries in which the Catholic Church has been banning
books and giving a list of banned publications to their lending, to their sheep, to their
followers, to their goose depers.
Catholics at one time or another have been forbidden to read Dante's The Divine Comedy,
Fielding's Tom Jones, Flobar's Man and Bovery, Hawthorne's The Scarlet Letter, Victor
Hugo's Leymizirab, and Mollye's Don Juan.
The list was wide-ranging and brought together under a heading of a mixture of political
philosophers all deemed dangerous to Catholic minds.
Confucius, Lenin, Vladimir, not John, that is, John Locke, John Stuart Mill, Thomas
Payne, Jean Jacques Rousseau, Trotsky and Voltaire.
The list of forbidden volumes represented the world's great seminal ideals and philosophy,
economics and social theory, contemporary novelists on the list included John, those
pastos, theater, driser, William Foster, Ernest Hemingway, and Sinclair Lewis.
All those comedies that bathe through, how do you like that?
And you assholes continue going there and lending them your tangible support, and they
keep telling you, you want to know why they don't want the members of their flock to
read that material?
Because then they might be able to use their brain.
They don't want them exposed to any other kind of ideas except the craft, except the horseman
or that their brainwashing in their minds.
And of course we see it again today.
Oh, we have all these horrible things when I was school kids killing each other.
So it must be because the Jews that are making those movies in Hollywood, that's what they
were saying back in the 30s in this book, by the way, virulent anti-semitism that made
Hitler look like a, like a, like a, but a, brith member.
That's how anti-semitic the church was then, and guess what they still are.
And they got plenty of company like Dr. Kennedy up there at Coral Ridge Presbyterian Church
with his virulent anti-semitism, parodying the same stuff that I'm reading in the book
that was said back in the 30s.
About those Jews, those movie makers, those degenerates.
And by the way, Dr. Kennedy, one of your musicians in the Coral Ridge Presbyterian Church is a
faggot.
Oh, no.
Yeah.
I got it on first hand information.
Here's a, uh, nobody cares about that crap.
Here's a mobile and Okachobi.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
I'm buttloat.
I'm buttloat is what I feel like saying.
I'm a hulio and I heard you're a tapes last week and it was all about anal and anal and
anal.
Yeah.
Yeah, me all loud up over the weekend.
I bet.
And I'm married to a hulio.
And I heard that.
Yeah.
I'm a hulio.
Yeah.
That too.
And I heard over the weekend, I mean over the last week to tape some guy saying that
they don't like to do it.
It's true.
They're not into it heavily, but even the right conditions.
Yeah, I kind of like that.
They get into it and you kind of have to take it.
You know, you can't expect it every time.
It'll have to.
The left face it.
I mean, Cuban women of all over the world.
What a waste of a big asset would be.
You know what I'm saying?
I'm going to prevent this waste of a gigantic round rectum.
It's an amazing voluptuous, you know, circular pattern with a big brown eye winking
answer.
And you know, you cannot help but get wanting to go in there.
Really?
It just happened.
Well, the exploration party pal will follow later maybe.
You never know.
I mean, you know, I just have to.
And like I said, so anybody in there we know.
Never met anyone.
I mean, like, yeah.
And the thing is, you know, who yes, we'll give it up once in a while.
And if you'll be, you know, whatever, the biometric pressure is right.
I like how the Pope has definitely acknowledged when I was in Italy, he was making the speech
of the Sunday sermon to people were like just peeing all over themselves because the
Pope said Neil is right.
Ainal is the best.
Oh, he actually acknowledged.
Yes, he did.
But he was like, the giver received both.
Oh, there you go.
I mean, you know, I don't like to receive.
I never try it.
I don't think I will.
But if your woman, you know, gives it up once in a while, thank you for what it's worth.
In fact, that's the first thing that the bishops teach the altiboy is that giving is the
art of giving is what it's all about.
But the art of receiving aid to bed either.
When my wife gives it up, I just say I think I accept it as a precious gift from heaven.
There you go.
And you know, I bless you, my child.
Just so forcibly, if you know what I mean.
Exactly.
Have a nice decay.
And back to it.
Oh, leave it to that little pervert, George.
I heard spirary reports about this is that he was playing all kinds of tapes all weekend
long about victims on and on and on.
That was my popular demand.
Yeah, right.
The whole week.
They're demanding it.
And from the sound of it, they're getting it and liking it.
By the way, very important thing that I almost forgot about speaking of Viagra.
Do not do not ever pop a Viagra just before you go check out a glory hole.
Okay.
What?
No, that's not the idea.
I just that's our poll question of the day.
I mean, P O L E.
That's our poll question today.
Anybody ever get stuck in a glory hole?
Uh-huh.
Well, then, certainly you've read about couples where the man and the woman have gotten stuck.
No.
Yeah.
And then a woman.
Yes.
Man in a dog.
No, a man in a woman.
No.
Man and a woman.
Yes.
Get stuck.
No.
Yes.
See, you're in denial.
Are we going to have to go through another week of this again?
And a half of that.
And a half of that.
Because of the mental emotional contraction and expansion and whatever.
I'm not going to draw you a guy named diaphragm.
But the same thing with this glory hole business, you know, sometimes there are guys.
Usually they overestimate their own prowess.
But once in a blue moon, they underestimate.
And they take a look at that little hole that some pervert has drilled in there at home
depot with the drill that we certainly hope he bought in the store.
That's the least you can do.
At least, is patronize the guy.
They have a store if you've got a dick around in your, uh, in their, uh, men's room.
Hope he didn't put it back on the shelf.
What about the drill?
But at any rate, so you know, you look at that hole and in the beginning, it looks like
it's going to be large enough to mess around with whoever's on the other side.
And then all of a sudden, oh my God, is that expansion begins is that if I,
jaguar kicks in, you got a real major problem.
Okay.
Well, when he was alive back in 1489, he was a little guy, he used to 4.5 times around
and faced him with a couple of kids.
And he was in charge of the Vatican, Pope John.
Pope John.
Pope John.
Pope Pius John.
Do you see the Pope's priests?
They didn't know it back then, and spread the money round
to their offspring and kids.
So the banners at the Vatican may now register in,
and then that holds the problem for us, as been in him, Pope John.
The Catholic secret he didn't confess was that he was a pregnant girl
under that dress, back then they all dressed in drag,
that helped he did it, because if anyone found out he'd lose the game, Pope John.
Pope John.
Pope John.
Pope Pius John.
One windy day is dressed blue up in a dust, and someone yelled,
hey, that guy has no nuts.
And like Marilyn Monroe is skirt pillowed high, and every when new
it was the end of the line for Pope John.
And barriston worried the bank would go broke, the Vatican chimney
bounced out, holy smokes.
Pope, from history, spin doctors had this erased not long after they had
this spreetly replaced Pope John.
Pope John.
Pope John.
Pope Pius John.
They buried him or her out of public view, and a tomb held together
with Scott's taping glue.
These few words are written on his tomb.
We pray that everybody will forget about you.
Pope John.
Pope John.
Pope Pius John.
In 1992, Roger Mahoney, Roman Catholic Cardinal of Los Angeles,
told a Hollywood anti-pornography coalition that the motion picture
industry was an assault against the values held by the vast majority of the people
in American society.
This is a Roman Catholic cardinal, by the way, of Los Angeles.
The movie industry he maintained could not continue to hide behind a misplaced cry
for freedom of expression.
To curb the excessive sex and violence in current films, Mahoney called for the
reinstitution of the Hollywood production code which had ruled the American
film industry from its adoption 1930 until it was replaced in 1966 by the
current rating system.
Industry officials expressed dismay at this plea to censor the movies.
Not just for Catholics, but for everybody, whether you like it or not.
Cardinal of Los Angeles called for a modern crusade against the movies with no
surprise to Hollywood.
In 1930, another Catholic preached, Father Daniel Lord.
What a name, huh?
That's almost like,
Damn God!
Father Daniel Lord believed that the movies were corrupting American moral values
to counter the influence of the moral movies.
He wrote a movie code that prohibited films from glorifying criminals, gangsters,
adulterers, and prostitutes.
Lord's code which soon became the Bible of film production, Bad Nudody,
excessive violence, white slavery, illegal drugs, misogynation, lustful kissing,
suggestive postures, and profanity from the screen.
However, when further than simply banning things from films, his code also held
that films should promote the institutions of marriage and home, defend the
fairness of government, and present religious institutions with reverence.
I guess he didn't see the movie priest, huh?
You think he saw it?
Uh-huh.
A basic premise of the code was that movies did not enjoy the same freedom expression
as the printed word of theatrical performances.
The most democratic of art forms had to be regulated, Lord argued, because movies cut across
all social, economic, political, and educational boundaries attracting millions of people
with theaters every week in order to protect the masses from the evil influence of the movies
they had to be censored.
Oh, yeah.
Those evil Jew propagandists who were felling the people's minds with the truth.
I mean, with crap, with what life was really all about.
And let me say it again, who the hell is the goddamn Catholic Church or these isolated
Fagpreies to be running around dictating morality and what everybody can see
and watch it, et cetera?
What, I mean, are we out of our minds that this has been going on for like hundreds of
years?
Uh-huh.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Yes, hello.
Yes, sir.
Well, Mr. Rogers, I guess I'm one of your religious paleontologists attacking in with you.
I would just tell you that neither the products cut nor the Catholic Church teaches
what to say about sex and the church.
Yeah, I'm on.
Yeah, wrong.
Oh, all I'd like to say.
Sir, let me ask you this.
If the Catholic Church doesn't teach what I'm saying, that sex is for appropriation purposes only,
if the Catholic Church doesn't teach that, then how come the Catholic Church won't marry people
who are incapable of having sex, of consummating the marriage?
How come they won't marry those people?
Because.
Because.
The Catholic Church recognizes that sex is just one part of the total person.
Okay.
And what about if somebody is impotent?
What about if somebody is a quadriplegic?
Somebody who can't is incapable of consummating his marriage vows and having sex?
Does that mean that the church should make those people live in misery?
Well, I know plenty of products and churches that they care about.
That we're not talking about products and churches.
You're no products and you're a Catholic.
I'm actually well, responsible.
Well, that's even worse.
Well, I'd like to say to you that I don't think it's accurate that the Catholic Church teaches
that only that sex is only to make children, okay?
Absolutely wrong, sir.
Absolutely wrong, sir.
I will bring in proof positive tomorrow.
I will read you from this book, which is written by a very firm Catholic.
I will guarantee you to be on the shadow of an out.
Those are the teachings of the Catholic Church.
Well, so George is getting psychotic, a Hispanics calling off the ear who are very upset about the Catholic comments I made today.
All religions are bullcrap, but the Catholic Church has got a special place.
That's right.
There are some religions that are bullcrap, but they're just basically benign, but the Catholic Church is malignant.
Malignant.
And if you want to be a sheep, if you want to believe this crap, this bullcrap that's being taught to you by a bunch of silly old men and dresses,
then be my guest or by a bunch of silly old bull likes who look like penguins on a bad day.
Do you have any kind of a mind, any kind of a brain, just a little tiny one?
No.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Excuse me.
But you've got to keep reproducing it.
Don't forget, no sex if you're not going to be making lots of babies, okay?
You hear what I'm saying?
Uh-huh.
Because we don't want to get you a pop-up pissed off.
Because that's when he starts making sure that the weed that is going around is really bad, really rotten to the core like him.
You want the good weed, but you just quit making all the hanky pecky.
Just go back in your house and make babies like Martha Jean, the Queen, said in Detroit in 1967 when they were burned in the city down.
That's what the Pope keeps telling all these poor shleppers all over the third world.
Go make babies.
Go make babies.
That's right.
And then we got all the fetus huggers running around spreading their thing.
They love that fetus.
Oh, by the way, my special commendation to what's the guy's name, that asshole on channel four Dave, the one that's always out there with the tie.
Oh, what the hell is his name?
Somebody will, you don't know.
Yesterday they had that story about the woman that stood in front of the railroad train on the tracks and got killed.
You didn't see that story.
Didn't make the papers today.
I didn't see it.
This was on the six o'clock news last night.
Dave Nelson is at the guy on channel four.
Another brilliant question.
He's talking to one of the cops who's investigating this thing.
And there was also a fetus on the tracks.
Okay.
So it was like, they think that she just did their committed suicide.
And it's like two people are dead because of the fetus.
And Dave Nelson says, uh, any idea on how old the fetus was?
Now, I want you to keep in mind.
Okay.
This is a woman and a fetus who have just been run over by a railroad train.
Big old Chuchu train.
Okay.
Anybody ever ride on a Chuchu train?
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Any idea how old the boy, that's almost like Larry King asking that poor girl who's a boyfriend.
It just been shot and murdered up there in Oregon.
Uh, yeah.
You're going to be at the funeral tomorrow.
No, it's stupid.
I'm going to have an assailant pennies asshole.
I'm going out to buy me a dress.
One.
Dave Stanley.
Thank you whoever called.
Thank you for your sleep.
Here's Volker.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Daniel, for St. Croler.
Okay.
Are you?
Great.
Hello, Michelle.
I just wanted to say what's up with the people in Orlando today.
Or actually, last weekend about protesting.
Disney and gay and barge and noble and all that stuff.
What's with religion?
I mean, seriously, people are crazy.
Yeah, that's right.
You just said it.
We ask it's a rhetorical question.
Oh, awesome.
They are crazy.
That's true.
I mean, religion is just a justification for hatred.
That's all it is.
It's a legitimization of hatreds, whatever they might be.
I believe you 100%.
I have this idea.
I want to do this so bad next time I go up there and protest.
I want to go up there and protest what?
I want to clown suit, protest them.
You know, and like, make them feel really stupid, of course.
Then they'll plot the Bible and wave at me and say, no, you're wrong.
You're going to go out.
First of all, let me ask you.
Don't they understand all those religions?
Those right wingers that they're not welcome in Disney World anyway?
That's a gay club you moron.
That's right.
They're not welcome there.
Apparently not.
Okay, butch up pal.
Have you got one one?
Yeah, I have one.
Yes.
Your 2000, when you get my friend, those like Jesus, we're going to start a new cult and, you know,
get 10,000 people of membership.
That'll make sure extra $100.
I should get that.
Do it on the internet, man.
You'll have a shit.
Do it on the internet, man.
You'll have a million by the end of the week.
You bet.
Okay, good luck.
God bless you.
There you go.
Yeah, it was good.
Junior, we have an open line in Broward.
5, 6, 7, you had to smoke your pot and suck your whatever the hell it was, whatever that was.
He was thought that was good.
That was excellent, sir.
F your horse.
Oh, F my horse?
I didn't do no horse.
Not a one.
There were a lot of heterosexual people over there doing horse, you know, those hookers in the windows
and the red light district.
Lots and lots.
Didn't do no horse, sir.
Hate to break the news to you.
And if I did, I'd proudly come back and get you like a list.
Was he over there doing people?
Is that what he was in?
Oh, no.
Here's a mobile and candle.
Hello.
Hey, new hero.
Congratulations.
On what?
On your reach.
On my reach?
Yeah, my reach is going on.
No, my name is Roryl, second time caller.
Yes, sir.
Talking to you again.
Yes.
I'm a Christian.
I used to be a Catholic, but I'm a Christian.
What does that mean?
You're a Christian.
Christian, I don't believe in a lot of things that Catholic do.
Like the Virgin Mary, etc.
And I'm giving it to you, but I'm a Cuban.
I don't like giving it through the butt and I sure love eating pussy.
Okay, great.
Okay, another candle over for you.
And he's a Christian.
Well, that's so what it's all about.
He's a Christian, baby.
And he said he loves.
See, is what he said?
Well, you can't say that on here.
Can you?
I mean, James Bond, pussy galore.
You could say that, but you can't say what he said.
But he's a good Christian and he's a Julio.
What do you want?
He's a maniac.
He's got to have it.
He's he's hot-blooded.
It's in his blood, baby.
Just wait until those blood test results come in, Rale.
You're in big trouble.
Next you go.
Suck it in and hold it.
Oh.
Oh.
It's a humurian, baby.
Oh.
You want me 50 dollars?
I used to scrub a car, I used to debit car.
I find a fail then I want to find a bargain.
I find a bargain then I want to buy more.
Oh, shopping boy, shopping boy, shopping boy.
Get locked down.
I'll buy it off the net.
I'll take the day of shopping down.
I'll find a bargain then I want to buy more.
I'll shopping like the other people.
It gets locked down.
I'll buy it off the net.
I'll take the day of the shopping down.
I'll find another sell.
I'll find another sell.
I'll shopping like the other people.
There's no fact in the church.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Good morning.
This is a shocking moment for me.
I'll tell you to get out the crying towel.
There's no fact in the church.
This just in.
This morning it was announced in Rome that Pope John Paul II has accepted my resignation
as Bishop of Palm Beach in accord with Canon 401.2.
This news release, this is the Bishop Joseph Keith Simon,
second Bishop of Palm Beach's resignation,
sent to the Vatican this morning.
I am grateful to the Holy Father for his paternal concern for me and for this church of Palm Beach,
which I've been privileged to serve for eight years and for having appointed Bishop Robert and Lynch
as epistolic administrator of the Diocese.
As painful as it is for me and will be for others,
I feel it important to make public the reason for my resignation.
This is a fact in the church.
Early in my 40 years of priestly ministry,
I was involved in inappropriate sexual behavior with minors.
Oh my god.
Realizing the gravity of my past actions,
I have been succeeding years trying to lift my promises of celibacy and tragedy,
and have immersed myself in my ministry as priest and as bishop.
In other words, the Father of the School.
God.
I have prayed each day for these persons in their families.
It is a memory for which I have lived for far too long.
This is a fact in the church.
I apologize to all whom I have heard in any way and if by this action they might be spiritual,
emotional and psychological comfort and ashenism,
then this painful moment for the church and for me,
they prove to be beneficial that let's not hold our breath.
If you can find it in your heart to pray for me,
I seek those prayers and I shall be comforted by them.
If you can find it in your heart also to forgive my fiddings of the past,
I shall be grateful.
At some of the time, I hope that people of God and the Church of Palm Beach
will be able to appreciate what I have attempted to accomplish
while serving as your bishop.
As I take leave of you, I express my heartfelt gratitude to the priest,
the deacon, the seminarians, the religious and the altar boys,
of course, and Leity who have collaborated with me in building the local church
into a vibrant, caring, diocesan family.
May God grant us every needed grace at this moment and throughout the months ahead,
says Bishop Joseph Keith Simon's in his cheerful resignation to a holy father in the role of this woman.
Don't forget.
It's a fact in the church.
All right.
So anyway, how do you like that?
Another one of those isolated incidents.
God, I can't get over that.
Another child molesting priest can't be true.
Can't it?
No.
Of course not.
More propaganda from those atheist batches in the media.
The O'Rodger's God.
The O'Rodger's God.
With a little look as I address
an anthropocal number, an anthropocal request,
but you want an old piece of my anatomy.
He said, I gotta leave you.
I got somewhere else to be.
He said, I'm gonna run from you.
Don't know what I can't promise.
That says, oh, my, who sees.
All right.
Oh, my, who sees.
Oh, my, who sees.
Oh, my, who sees.
It just gone down.
The irony is the fact that this book,
Women Sexuality in the Catholic Church by Yuda Rankai Heineman,
is on Penguin Books.
I was just thinking about those nuns in their Penguin outfits.
And this is on Penguin Books.
He works in mysterious ways.
Tell me, it's on Penguin Books.
There's a very interesting last paragraph in here,
rather long paragraph, and nevertheless,
it's during the trial of Galileo Cardinal Bellarmin,
who played a decisive part in the trial,
wrote on April 12, 1615 to the Carmelite Monk Paolo Antonio Foscarini.
Oh, he makes great pasta, by the way.
He wrote to Paolo, he said,
to assert that the earth revolves around the sun,
is as erroneous as to claim that Jesus was not born of a virgin.
This equating by the Church of the I.D. is first that the earth is
the immovable center of the universe,
and second that Mary gave birth as a virgin,
means that Bellarmin's proposition can also be reversed,
so that Mary no more gave birth as a virgin,
and the sun revolves around the earth.
Now that the era about the sun can no longer be maintained,
and the earth has been given permission to be a planet,
the era about the virgin is still to be corrected.
For too long, human understanding and Christian faith were violated
by the false doctrine that the sun revolves around the earth,
to this day they're being violated by the false doctrine of the virgin birth.
How do you like that?
God almighty.
Just something to think about,
because we know it's all filthy and disgusting.
Sister Mary Catherine, Jesus!
Here's Coral Springs. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir.
I'd like to follow up on a caller here yesterday.
I was in the car.
I had a call yesterday?
You had a call.
I remember any.
The guy called up and said,
what's wrong with people believing in whatever religion they wanted?
It doesn't hurt anybody.
Right.
And I heard that too,
and I thought to myself,
I got this guy,
there's not much of a knowledge of history at all.
And...
Yeah?
Don't you think that since people act on their beliefs,
if you've got six billion people wandering around the planet believing in fantasies,
don't you think that that causes some damage?
Well, of course,
when most of the conflict in the world,
there are two basic things.
Two basic things that cause conflict in the world.
One is territory,
and the other is religious differences.
Those are the two basic things that cause all conflict in the world.
And religion institutionalizes hatred amongst groups.
And for example, if you look in the Middle East and you look at that territory,
it's not so much a question like in Jerusalem.
It's not a question of whether it belongs to this one or belongs to that one.
The question is you've got the Amazelums, you've got the Jews,
and you've got the Christians.
And to them, they all think that that's their city,
because that's all their holy thing.
So, you know, it's insanity.
More people are killed every year in the name of religion.
You've got the people bombing the abortion clinics and the Planned Parenthood clinics.
You've got people throwing the chemical crack into the mailboxes.
These people are insane.
They're out of their minds.
How about people breeding unnecessarily because of religion?
Right, because the Pope is writing about it to him to make more babies.
So we have more starvation.
Of course, listen, I mean, why should we have to waste our time documenting it?
It goes without saying.
And if I, this guy is so wimpy, huh?
I don't think religion is benign, is that kind of?
It's malignant and have a great day.
I'm a lignan friend.
We have an open line in day one and bread.
That's why I'm talking about it.
If it weren't even worth talking about it,
if everybody left each other alone,
I don't give a crap what you believe.
If you want to believe a little agreement on Mars,
more power to you.
Who gives a crap?
Who, when people use this garbage?
Well, the Bible says this and about.
Who the hell wrote that crap?
Are you out of your mind?
Are you crazy?
Are you nuts?
Uh-huh.
The Bible says,
Man, oh man, how many times was it translated and twisted and manipulated?
And in addition to which, who the hell wrote it like this book I'm talking about today?
Women's sexuality in the Catholic Church.
Is it just a coincidence that God created Adam?
Is it just a coincidence that men wrote these bubble-mices?
He didn't bother creating a woman, of course,
because a woman is like an underling or a hundred dog.
Whatever the hell that word is.
So only a bunch of silly old men wrote this self-serving crap.
And then finally, in 1920 in this country like,
what is that?
Only 78 years ago women finally got the right to vote.
Huh.
And then don't forget about those good old slaves and all the other bull crap.
And the people, well the Bible says, don't you understand your parents told you
outstanding clause in the two-fairy tune?
You believe in them?
Uh-huh.
Oh, okay.
At least you're consistent.
Here's Dear Field Beach, hello.
Well, Neil, the Bible says the wage is a center cast.
Yeah.
And you have a wicked blasphemous broadcast.
Uh-huh.
And you're-
Well, guess what?
Let me ask you something.
Are you going to die Sir, even live forever?
I'll live forever.
I live forever...
You live forever?
You live forever life.
You're the one who will die.
Where are you going to die?
Where are you going to die?
We aren't going to heaven.
Where is that?
Well, it's the opposite of where you're going to go.
Mike!
Don't tell me-
Dick, don't tell me where I'm going in the way.
Don't tell me where I'm going to go.
Let's hear about what's going on.
It has to take forever.
Tell me where I'm going.
I'm not where he's going.
Alright.
Don't tell me where I'm going.
what are you gonna be doing here in heaven what are you gonna be doing up there
sir what are you gonna be doing and he just keeps repeating the wages of
sinter that the rest just over and over Hail Mary holy mother god bless it our
time on swimming blah blah blah let's say about your Hail Mary is okay to save
this poor son of a bit oh he's not a Catholic sorry I take it back just I mean
that was like said from heaven immediately if not sooner I get to
respond some looking for from another one of these brainwashed idiots like a
parrot just you know you can teach a minor brutal repair it but that that that
just repeat the same crap over and over again so that's our poll question today
how many whole Hail Mary's does it take to keep your ass out of hell that's our
question today how many Hail Mary's do you have to say to save your god damn eternal soul
you're gonna be burdened that lake of fire yeah that isn't that great loving god again
that we're talking about that great god damn loving god whose wrath shall wax hot but
god is perfect he can't have any wrath oh well those are you're you just shut up
the Lord thy god is a jealous god now she'll have the other god how can he be jealous
it's perfect oh stop he's entitled he's god he can do whatever the holy ones he's
damn god right oh man I mean you're talking about people so god damn dumb that it's it's
pathetic a fetus has got more intelligence than these people who had whatever brain power they
had at birth sat from their bodies just sucked right out of their bodies oh there he goes talking
about sucking again well hey it works I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers here's my
me like hello yeah how you doing pretty good sir okay I believe in god not because I'm
brainwashed just that there's no explanation to everything that exists out here so there has to
be something out there that there has to be something out there yeah what what do you mean out there
we're god I mean what is what is God a spiritual being that what do you mean spiritual being
why does God have to be spiritual sir I can't really answer that oh but I mean that that's
what other words got it and a huckum guide doesn't get rid of the devil because that's
to be good in evil why the balance everything out well it doesn't balance in other words
cancer and bubonic plague and all these other diseases balance everything out no is this and
murder and mayhem and wars and nuclear weapons balances everything out why didn't god create
paradise because the world can't be perfect why if god was perfect and he created it then it's
then it's then what you said is like the sun god in terms for us like god was perfect oh all the
believers will tell you god is perfect he's omniscient he's omnipidate he knows everything he
can do everything that's god that's the god of the goyem and the adjus but I mean it's kind of
funny to people call up and argue with you about god in the church but they know your nature
just like they still they still listen to you yeah that's what I don't understand to me if you're
gonna if you're gonna be a odds with someone why are you listening to their program maybe because
there's a part of them that that loves it they they love it they they there's a part of their
mind where they can't let it sink in but there's also a part of them where they know it's the god
them truth oh sorry okay god bless you my child okay he's out there he's out there somewhere out
there is it up there is it down there oh we know where you're gonna be burning in that lake of hell
because the wrath of god shall wax hot he is pissed he's not pissed it's a devil he's not pissed
about all these diseases in fact it's god that's always been flipping all these the the the
famines and the plagues of the locust and the plagues of this and the flood until everybody on the
face of the earth because it was pissed off gods can't get pissed off only people ever see that
bumper sticker gods don't get pissed off only people get pissed off as in guns don't yeah you know how
those we have an open line in date five six seven oh five sixty pond five sixty I mean a bunch of
silly old archaic getchke's wrote this crap thousands of years ago to try somehow as here's a
guideline for how we should be a little bit less barbaric so here's a bunch of parables here's a
bunch of bubble my sees okay and now we got thousands of years later people taking this crap
literally and trying to interpret it oh yeah well this though yeah must have been this and it must
have been Noah yeah must have been a mess on it goddamn arc how the hell could they have a shovel
big enough to clean up all of it on it arc huh man you got gorillas you got tigers you got leopards
you got panthers maybe even maybe even Kirk Mueller was in it on that arc we can only pray and don't
come back here's a mobile in my me lake hello yes Neil yes sir did you ever see a picture of
Jesus Christ smile if he had me if you were burning on a cross ahead nails in your hands you
would be a smile pictures before the cross listen that is the one I call what do you mean there's
pictures well there's you see pictures of Jesus Christ before you got on a cross he's not smiling
I mean why in the end don't you laugh myself where do those pictures come from when were they
drawn drawn by people who believe but when but when whatever would they ever drawing smiling
they're ever drawing happy anyway that's not why I call that when I win them but that's what this
book is all about about women sexuality in the Catholic Church the book is about the fact that
Jesus was joyless Jesus hostility to pleasure and again it goes on about the fact that his mother
couldn't she had to be a virgin or hymen had to be in fact because Jesus never experienced any
pleasure in his life I figured because he knew what's in heaven anyway uh Neil I have
maybe the spice girls were in heaven maybe yeah listen these these baseball games you've got to
hurt your ratings so I have a suggestion yeah you go on with Joe Angel and take calls between
batters and during the same thing yeah and I think it's a good idea because there's going to be
a lot of pitching changes and you know there's I've got this some good looking bag boys playing
for the marlin this year so you know you get those two birds who want to sew okay excellent uh
let me know what time your free games on we have an open line at date five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the 18t wireless line here's Coral Springs hello no yes sir here's the
upside to the whole marlin saw issue yes the cops finally have a team they know they can beat yeah
how about Arizona well there's the other upside yeah so now you got two upside Arizona is one
like what six or seven games against the marlins this year they've only won like maybe 15 or 16
all year and almost half of them against Florida but I have one other question yeah uh Jesus
didn't have sex when he was married is that correct when he was married when he was Jesus married
well to marry Jesus was married to his mother oh your mama get out of here you do bastard can you
believe how do you like that Jesus was married to his mama no wonder he was never so he was trying
to be a good boy think he's talking about very maglan that hokey that hooker while yeah
Jesus did not experience pleasure don't you I'm gonna have to meet this whole god damn book to you
mister he ate Jewish food like I said he ate a lot of stale moths is what he ate that that that's
why was the last supper he said fast he spent the goddamn right that's right Jesus was thoroughly
lust-free joy the joyless redeemer free from any kind of sin free from any kind of sensual pleasure
okay although Jesus was called a glutton and a tipler by his enemies how do you like that that's
from Luke 7 34 and he certainly was not involved in the last and lowest form of human pleasure
sexual pleasure that's right this is according to a ruling of the district court of Hamburg
Germany in 1981 in a case where they convicted an author for insulting religious crede
in a fronting church institutions in that great bastion of freedom hamburg Germany Jesus hostility
to pleasure at implications first of all for the married life of his mother before his birthday
laid down conditions for Mary's being allowed to become his mother according to the teaching of the
church Jesus would have taken no pleasure at all in the whole process of redemption he would not
have become man to begin with or he would have looked for another mother if Mary had taken pleasure
in varying more children beside himself this was explained by Pope Sirricius in the 4th century
who claimed that in such an event Jesus would not have accepted Mary as his mother Jesus would not
have chosen birth from a virgin had he been forced to look upon her as so unrestrained as to let
that womb from which the body of the Lord was fashioned the hall of the eternal king be stained
by the presence of male seed there we go with that fine Cuban seed again how do you like that
and this was not just the personal opinion of an individual Pope as proved by the Catholic
dogmatic theologian Michael Schmous who says that with his assertion Sirricius was bearing witness
to the unanimous teaching of the Catholic Church no hanky panky no stained of vagina no broken
how a buster hymen none of that got it because sex is evil at it so dirty which is why God created
in the first place because he likes tempting man all the time because and of course being omniscient
he knows what you're going to do so he likes watching this grew up because it's all part
of a big grand plan here's a lady mobile in Miami hello hello Neil yes man how are you great
is that guy an idiot or what which one married to Mary he was married to Mary Mary to mama
what an idiot yeah I just wanted to say I think this is all revolving around money I grew up in
only fifty dollars a Catholic church yeah I went to school all my life of Catholic school and the
minute that you turn away from doing the money you're gonna preach anything about God or Mary whatever
right right and it's sick so you're out I'm out I've been out all right congratulations sweetheart
all right and God bless you you too okay fine there you go she's out she got rid of the bull
crap she said this is this is a big scam it's a big business by the way anybody here about that
bishop from Palm Beach resigned because he was molested little care of sound by the way what got
an update he's out of town already yeah they gave him a head start before they released that oh
they put him in the head start program in other words so we'll give you a 10 mile head start and
we'll chase your ass down he's gone the bishop from Palm Beach who this morning gave it
turned in his tearful resignation to the ill papa in Rome he'd be gone bishop Joseph Keith Simon's
no less that's right today in Rome was announced that bishop Joseph Keith Simon's second bishop
of Palm Beach has resigned and bishop Robert and Lynch has been appointed apostolic administrator
of the diocese of Palm Beach and he released his tearful statement which I read earlier
I'll repeat only one part he says I feel it's important to make public the reason for my resignation
early in my 40 years of priestly ministry I was involved in inappropriate sexual behavior with
minors not coal miners but miners little kids little boys little droves realizing the gravity of
past actions I've in succeeding years tried to live my promises of celibacy and chastity and have
immersed myself in my ministry as priest and bishop and audio spare well he's gone
these are bags in the church oh that's what the father said it's not just neo-rojes on a radio
trying to make the catholic church look bad this is a major worldwide epidemic of perverts who are
molesting your children okay oh we don't want to hear about it yeah all new young people out there
stay the hell away from the confessional booth okay when you hear those drilling sounds when you
hear those drilling sounds I tell you right now that's the time to open up your door on your side
and scream out to the father you're looking for the glory hole and run like a son of a bitch
damn god damn god where we going we're going to a bokeh hello hey Neil yes sir I just I've been
listening you know for the last week or so I want to weigh in on this anal sex issue I want to
weigh in on it yeah how far we're in all the way all the way oh god uh my girlfriend absolutely
loves it really yeah will you fudge back him yes I am how do you like that she uh as a matter of
fact probably 80% of the the sex we have ends up with the the final deposit if you know what I
mean there's court yeah yeah she says that you know she likes to carry it around with her and
actually actually don't like a suit like a souvenir exactly and she says that a lot cheaper than
a locket or I'll tell you that and there's a lot less leakage that way right if you know what I mean
excellent uh and also I wanted to talk about today's subject the uh the religion thing yeah uh
I definitely believe in god I'm like that guy to call the couple callers ago I mean what's what's
the sense in uh you know alienate in yourself if if he does exist and uh that's called hedging
your bets exactly that's not real belief that's saying well just in case maybe okay I'll
say that I believe this crap what if you pick the wrong one yeah right well there are some things
that that have happened over the years not that I'm an expert on it but I I have you know heard of
some things that sort of imply that there is a higher being yeah like those kids that just got shot
in Oregon and those tornadoes that just eliminated that whole town in South Dakota things like that
hey you know I'm with you in terms of of religion aids tuberculosis yeah I mean organized
religion to me is nothing but a for profit scam yeah that's all it is uh and the car let me say
it again if there is a god why doesn't he eliminate again because by anybody's definition any
religions god is omnipresent in other words he's all powerful he can control everything okay you can
do whatever he wants why doesn't he eliminate the devil hey I you know those and why was God so
disappointed since he's omniscient and knows everything ahead of time he knows how it's got to turn
why in the Bible was he so disappointed with the way that man was behaving that he had a drown
everybody and put Noah and these old slepherds on on this ark and kill everybody else he knew
ahead of time I was gonna turn out why why would you tempt somebody if you know ahead of time what
their choice is gonna be I agree with you totally I mean that's the million dollar question and
this crap about more I give man free will there's no such thing as free will if you're omniscient you
know ahead of time what choice man is gonna make so he created all these pitfalls he created the devil
and then he just sits back and lets it all go on while he's ranting a hot with his wax doesn't quite
seem like the way they represent it if you look at the Catholic Church though you know in particular
you can go to any city anywhere in the world and the most expensive or some of the most expensive
real estate in that town or the city right will be owned by the Catholic Church of course guaranteed
right I mean that that religion has so many holes in it that it's ridiculous that even the
shroud of torinda don't have as many holes in it well speaking of holes you know I just wanted
to let you know that that the heterosexual community rectum is alive and well and we are loving it
all right thanks keep it up pal so to speak okay they're doing it man that anal maybe the
that wasn't an idea now watch out for that anal leakage though oh god in fact that's what they
told me when I was over in Rome those couple days we were in Rome I said well is the Pope too busy
for a personal visit today for personal audience and they said oh no he's visiting the perigene
factory and I said what's he doing up there and I said pack and fudge what perigene is a very
outstanding the Italians are famous for their candy they love their fudge this is sports radio 560
now that you Q.A.M. my amy fort waterdale thank you for calling to football hotline
oh baby hold me oh yes that's it I love your illegal use of hands oh complete a pass to my wide
receiver oh yes yes bondle my end zone bread my goal post oh that's an illegal procedure oh yeah
touch down in my tight and oh yes yes oh I think a couple of calls before we do this because
I this pose in cons book this is a dynamite and and and I understand I do realize right up front
that most of the people don't care in other words most fans all I care about is I want my team to
win and I don't care if they're all a bunch of gangsters I don't care if they sign oh J up if he
can still run sign his ass up and put him out there because as long as my team can win that I
feel much better about myself it somehow makes me feel more significant as a human being us we we're
the best we here's a mobile in Miami hello hey Neil yes sir now that you were talking about book
track I hope you saw a lot of those books because it doesn't seem like the guys making much of money how
is that the uh grow last week I was thinking of the May for hotel and he's uh he's uh uh trying to
put you down to see it haha have a good time back to do sir so that pros and cons the criminals who
play in the national football league by Jeff Benedict and Don Yeager and of course all of our
astute sports do jockstrap warriors on this radio station they should be having these guys on
there they should be talking about this I mean do we have to bury this in their closet is that what
let me start let me begin okay chapter eight this will take a few minutes it's not that long
but boy this is beautiful and close to home I selected the chapter that I figured maybe you can
relate to it the chapter is called what to expect when you're expecting Miami dolphins team headquarters
Davey Florida it's a matter of any time that there's talent available you continually try to
upgrade the bottom four or five spots on your roster Miami Dolphin Ted coach Jimmy Johnson told
the group of reporters gathered at the teams headquarters December 2nd 1997 he was explaining
his decision to offer a contract to trouble running back Lauren Phillips there's a large upside
Johnson insisted if Lawrence does all the things we ask in a highly disciplined program then he can
realize what his talents might be and realize the success you probably thought he was going to
have in the first place less than two weeks earlier the St. Louis Ram suddenly cut Phillips after he
was reportedly fined 56 times for violating team rules in his 19 month 10 year with the Rams
Phillips was arrested three times served a jail sentence for domestic violence and was twice
sued by women once for domestic violence and once for sexual assault having received a second
chance at the University of Nebraska following a brief suspension for brutally assaulting ex-girlfriend
Kate McEwan the Rams also gave Phillips multiple second chances before finally releasing him Johnson
assured the media that he and the dolphins had thoroughly investigated Phillips and that he was not
the menace off often portrayed in the popular press all words that had been used by the Rams to
words earlier actually I expected all the worst with all the rumors that you hear Johnson said
and I can say this for a fact all of the rumors that you hear are not true we've checked out in
factual information and the things you hear are highly highly exaggerated exaggerated although the
attack on McEwan which landed Phillips and jail and had received excessive media play the scope of
Phillips abusive behavior was kept hidden from the public McEwan despite request from countless
national publications and TV networks never spoke publicly about her violent relationship with
Phillips but on August 16th 1996 she did file a civil complaint at the Jackson County Federal
Court in Kansas in it she revealed a brutal litany of assault suffered at the hands of Phillips
while the two attended the University of Nebraska although civil lawsuits are typically a matter of
public record and available to the press McEwan's complaint was filed on their seal to the liking of
Phillips at his lawyers reporters were unable to view its content however on September 3rd 1996
federal judge William F. Maurer surprisingly lifted the seal in effect judge Maurer's decision left
the painful details of McEwan's civil complaint available to any reporter who showed up at the
court house requested to see the file wanting desperately to conceal the details Phillips lawyers
acted promptly and were able to secure a court order placing the document back under seal within
24 hours but during the brief window when the case file was open Kansas City star court reporter Joe
Lamby was at the federal court house and he made a copy of the complaint he's the only reporter in
the country who have seen the case file Lamby reported these details from McEwan's complaint
October 1994 Phillips shoved her head into a wall so hard it broke through the wall then
choked her in without allow her to leave his apartment April 1995 Phillips asked her whether she
was dating anyone else and threatened her saying I'm going to shoot you in the kneecaps and then
shoot you in the elbows this is Los Angeles gang style of dealing with people may 10th 1995
Phillips last her car tires and threatened to kill her then came after her demanding a glass of
water McEwan told him to get him after demanding a glass of water and she told him to get it himself
August 24th 1995 McEwan agreed to drive Phillips who was drunk home to his apartment he
forced her to stay there and sexually assaulted her September 10th 1995 Phillips beat her and kicked
her while she was at a friend's house she contends that he grabbed her hair caveman style pulled her
down three flights of steps and slammed her head into a wall all right Phillips reached out a
court financial settlement with McEwan which required that she neither discussed the nature of
her complaint nor the details of the payoff maybe the reason Johnson could so comfortably claim
Phillips record was exaggerated stemmed from the comparison of Phillips record with some of
his other players who had either served time in jail or been convicted of a violent felony yet
these players were never scrutinized by the press like Phillips for example Johnson signed a
little known free agent wide receiver Charles Jordan in 1996 who developed into what a Dan
Marino's most reliable receivers in 97 as a teen growing up in Los Angeles Jordan was an active
member of the blood the authorities to discover that his criminal record make Phillips look like a
choir boy you know like I said only a few pages close to home and if you're supposed to look the
other way you better tell me about that I don't think so I have a hard time admiring a bunch of
goons that's with a G whether they're black white yellow whatever the hell I'm sorry I just don't
understand and you wonder why America's attitudes and values are all upside down and you're talking
about the president's getting blow jobs out there in Washington like any red blooded guy and all
the presidents who proceeded and were supposed to be upset about that and right rightfully indignant
but here we're worshiping all your kids out there these are their role models not all of them just
too many way too many some of the worst scumbags walking around loose on the face of the earth
and oh geez you know they're wonderful people they're great these are our heroes and by the way how
much more money can we dig up how many more loans do we have to take out so we can go buy season tickets
and watch these goons play and put on a very mediocre performance by the way oh yeah I heard
somebody call Kimmel last night the you know bragging about the fact that Doc Ellis pitched
no hitter for the pirate years ago while on an acid trip well that's great let's hear it
pros and cons this is in your bookstore right now it's hot as a pistol baby by Jeff
Benedict and Daniel you're on water books hardcover how much is it too much for most of you
it's uh i don't know what the part don't tell them the price it'll scare them away okay on June 27th
1990 Kenny Jones was gunned down in a hill of bullets while walking down a sidewalk near the
intersection of 79th Street and Avalan Boulevard in Los Angeles a five block area between 76 and
80th streets around Avalan Boulevard is home turf to a local gang calling themselves the swans a
subset of the blood street gang Jones at the time he was shot was wearing blue the colors of a rival
neighbors were initially we're oh geez i'm wearing blue neighbors were initially reluctant to
cooperate with investigator search for the killers but a week after the shooting officer Jerry
Pierre or received information linking swan gang members Charles Jordan aka Chuckie Terrone Jordan aka
Wadi and Glenn Jones aka Glaibal to the murder according to a witness the three were seen
speeding away from the scene in a white old's mobile then on July 3rd a man who lived at the
corner of 79th Street in Avalan Boulevard and revealed that his 12-year-old son had been outside
at the time of the murder according to court documents the boy also saw a white old
mobile speeding away from the scene when police finally questioned Charles Jordan about his
whereabouts on the line of the killing he claimed according to court documents that he was at
home one block away on 78th along with Glenn Jones and he nothing about the murder police then
separately questioned Tyrone Jordan who pinned the murder on fellow gang members John Davis and
Marie Stevens however Tyrone admitted that Charles and Glenn Jones were at the murder scene and
that Charles made comments about the victim wearing the wrong colors just before the victim was
shot when police tracked on Marie Stevens he admitted that he and Davis were at the scene as well
but insisted that Chuckie and Terrone did the shooting in follow up questioning by police
Jones admitted that he and Charles had concocted a story about their whereabouts the first time
they were questioned and a September 13th interview with police Charles Jordan said that he lied
about his whereabouts because he knew that the word out on the street was that he committed the
murder according to court documents the officers then asked Jordan if he would submit to a
lie detector test after failing it Jones refused to cooperate further with police in their
investigation in addition to being the prime suspect in the murder of Kenny Jones Jordan had to
appear in court September 27th 1990 for a pre-trial hearing on an unrelated matter he'd been charged
with threatening to kill Marina Wilson and Wilbur Holloway when they showed up to testify at the
pre-trial trial hearing of Swansea gang member Craig Williams who was himself facing two counts
of attempted murder according to court documents on August 13th 1990 Jordan confronted the two
witnesses in the hallway outside the courtroom in an attempt to scare them from going inside
Jordan's branch intimidation tactics were witnessed by LA deputy sheriff Sean McCarthy who was
in charge of the Williams investigation when I walked into the hallway after I got off the elevator
I saw two males Jordan and Williams standing having a verbal conversation with both Ms. Wilson and
Mr. Holloway McCarthy testified that Jordan's preliminary hearing on September 27th they were
approached by those two males and they were encouraged just to leave court and drop the whole incident
the defendant in the attempted murder case Williams offered $500 to the victims if they would leave court
McCarthy testified that when the witnesses rejected the hush money Jordan issued threats
at that point said McCarthy Charles Jordan made this statement that is your life that you're missing
with at that point the victim Holloway said Mr. Jordan is that some kind of threat Mr. Jordan
responded by saying no that's a promise the threat worked Williams and Holloway ultimately left
the courthouse without testifying that day the sheriff's attempts to bring them back at a later
date were unsuccessful I've been told by Mr. Holloway's family that he's moved out and that he's
afraid to testify they don't know where he's moved McCarthy testified at a subsequent hearing
I've contacted Warina Wilson's family and was told that he's moved to San Bernardino and they
don't know where they are on October 11th Jordan was indicted on two felony counts of
dissuading a witness by a forcer threat he later pleaded guilty on March 8th 1991 to receive
probation then October 31st Jordan was finally arrested in charge with a murder of Kenny Jones
who was jailed and denied bail two other swan blood gang members Marie Stevens and John Davis
were also jailed and charged in the murder Jordan stay in the Los Angeles County jail however was
far shorter than that of Steven's and Davis on January 25th 1991 Jordan was released and the
murder charges against him were dropped just days before Jordan's release Tyrone Jordan and Glenn
Jones were originally spotted driving away from the murder scene with Jordan testified a Jordan's
pretrial hearing in their testimony they exonerated Jordan and implicated another man John Davis
these witnesses kind of changed the way they thought about things to where Charles Jordan was no
longer involved said Davis's court appointed attorney Matthew Kessner in court documents
Kessner suggested in court that Jordan they have placed collect calls from the county jail
and told Tyrone and Glenn Jones what to say in his pretrial hearing they're involved in a
conspiracy number one to put these two men Steven's and Davis away Kessner suggested to judge
clearance storm well the second conspiracy was to get Charles Jordan out of jail this is a three
defendant case the man who failed the polygraph is the shooter he gets dismissed out of a preliminary
hearing that's Charles Jordan he's the leader of the gang he puts out orders on these two witnesses
this is what you're supposed to say at the preliminary hearing Kessner's theory was that his client
Davis and Stevens were taking the fall for Jordan I want to know is there anything in the group
dynamic of this gang that when somebody has to go down on a shooting a couple of people get
pointed out and they do time and go right away because they were lower in the picking order Kessner
said to judge stromwell and there's a time to get a quarter to giving Maxis to the jails pay
full records the judge did not appear to be bond cashers argument on January 9 1992 the murder
charges against Marie Stevens were also dropped leaving only Davis and jail witnesses to a police
that he was seen with a handgun at the scene on January 17 Davis pleaded no contest reduced
charges of voluntary manslaughter in the death of Kenny Jones and was sentenced to three years
in prison it was Jordan however who insisted during a December 1997 interview with the SPN
that he was the one who had willfully taken the rap for another gang member by sitting in jail for
nearly four months he added that he would do the same again for a fellow gangster of the
opportunity arose Jordan declined to be interviewed for this book according to the author's research
Jordan's life as a gang member before entering the NFL involved a wide range of other
ones with the law the following list was compiled from the criminal court document Los Angeles
Superior Court August 3 1988 charged with taking a vehicle without owners consent pleaded no
contest to theft of property and sentenced to 30 days in jail August 21 1988 charged with felony
robbery in jail bail was set at $16,000 case later dismissed January 1 1989 charged with a legal
gambling no disposition this position records were available February 20 1992 charged with reckless
driving and driving with a suspended license pleaded no contest was placed on probation and sentenced
to pay a fine or served 10 days in jail he also was ordered to attend alcohol education classes on
January 1 1993 was founded violation of his probation and sentenced to five days in jail Jordan was
also charged on three separate occasions with possession of a controlled substance and in 1990 he was
indebted for kidnapping although we said he's no longer actively involved with the bloods
Jordan nonetheless still considers himself part of his gang family I may not be active by still
consider myself as one he told the SPN further Jordan continues to give proceeds from his dolphins pay
check to the swan bloods in Los Angeles once I give it to them it's theirs I don't ask what it's
about I just handed to them to be continued in the second he just be giving them the money baby
this is 560 uam can beat that day to meet when it comes to internet access you want the best
no busy signals a direct and local connection unrestricted access and most importantly quick
downloading after all who wants to wait to see this week's latest edition of porno to the web oh
don't act like it's not you study show that over 85% of users on the web are there simply for porno
and it's nothing to be embarrassed about that's why we've invented america porn line the fastest
internet connection for x and triple x rated viewing there is how annoying was it when I was checking
up the latest hooter site and I had to spend a good half a minute staring at this chicks damn face
because it was taking so long to download the important parts thanks to america porn lines fast
connections I'm in hooter heaven america porn line for when your stop on the information super
highway leads right to the red light district 560 wq and the dolphins willingness to employ a
gang affiliate is not extraordinary in a groundbreaking 1997 report espn's outside the lines chronicle
the climb of numerous NFL stars who made the transition from the bloods and crypts to the gridiron
red skinned defensive and crisp mims bangles running back Eric the enemy jaguar defensive
back the on figures and those running back derrick homes discuss their early exposure
routines to street gangs homes as brothers on death row for three gang related homicides
said he owned his first gun at age 13 how many former gang bangers play in the NFL
crisp mims estimated dozens the basic conclusion was that professional athletes are increasing
the coming from the inner city and the inner city is where gangs predominate explained met morant
who produced the ESPN report on gangs morant spent four months researching the connection between
professional sports and gangs in the process he interviewed approximately 300 people among them
gang experts law enforcement officials and NFL players the consensus of the players was that you
can't grow up in an environment without having your life touched in some way by gangs he explained
in an interview for this book given Jordan's track record is little wonder that Jimmy Johnson with
a brainslur and Phillips when no other NFL team was eager to do the same Phillips had not been
implicated murder cases nor a heavy confess the national television to supply financial support
to a violent street gang domestic violence was the biggest mark against Phillips which hardly
distinguished him from his new mates Miami's other running back Irving spikes pleaded no contest
a battery for beating his wife in 1996 and wide receiver Lamar Thomas had been arrested multiple
times for domestic violence during 1996 and 97 a closer examination of the Thomas case reveals
why it is no surprise that Jimmy Johnson would give Phillips another chance on October 13th 1997
one day after the dolphins defeated the jets of giant stadium Jimmy Johnson cut veteran wide
receiver Fred Barnett Lamar Thomas who cut five passes against the jets for 75 yards including
a crucial reception on the team's game clinching drive took Barnett's position in the lineup
Fred does everything he was Johnson told reporters but had I not made the release I wouldn't have
been fair to our team as a whole a consummate veteran with a favorable off the field reputation
Barnett was replaced by the younger faster and criminal Thomas whose domestic violence record
was more prolific than high-ass past catching statistics the bottom line is production Johnson said
candidly days before making the formal announcement indeed production was the priority when Miami
signed Thomas the year before the heels of a vicious series of domestic violence attacks
much of the following account is based on court records and police reports obtained by the
office of the office from the office of the state attorney in Fort Lauderdale on July 4th 1996
Lamar Thomas then a member of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and his pregnant fiance Ebony Cooxy attended
a private pool party in Barbecue at the home of Dr. and Mrs. Edmund DeRue in plantation at the time
Thomas was living in Tampa and Cooxy was still in Miami she was completing her last year of college
at the University of Miami where the two met while both were on athletic scholarships the two were
spending the week together in the Miami area before Thomas had to go north for training camp the
Derro's son Richard a friend of Lamar and Ebony's invited a couple to his families 4th of July
celebration shortly after arriving however Thomas left the party briefly to visit his uncle in
nearby Fort Lauderdale when he returned Thomas brought a cousin with him and immediately insisted
that Cooxy who was relaxing in the pool get out so we could introduce them Lamar's very impatient
Cooxy would later say to a police officer in her attempt to reconstruct the sequence of events
leading up to her assault at the hands of Thomas later that day I was trying to dry off and he kept
saying come over here come over here it went from asking me to demanding me to come over
prior to the result of her pregnancy Cooxy left the pool area altogether shortly after meeting
Thomas's cousin inside the Derro's house preparing to take a shower Cooxy was fully undressed when
Thomas barged into the bathroom unnounced the urinate despite the availability of other bathrooms
Thomas insisted on using the one occupied by Cooxy wrapped only in a towel she waited in the hallway
for Thomas to finish before re-entering the bathroom locking the door behind her this time
minutes after Cooxy began showering Thomas realized that she locked the door and began knocking
demanding that she let him in look I'll be out Cooxy responded from the shower this satisfied
with a response Thomas located a clothes hanger and picked the lock Cooxy was unaware the
Thomas had entered the bathroom until he jumped into the shower fully clothed and attacked her
he was enraged and demanded no I wouldn't let him in Cooxy said in her police statement
he opened the shower door and began strangling me and I guess for about five seconds I couldn't
breathe dripping wet Thomas step back out of the shower leaving his pregnant fiance
cowering and crying however he wasn't finished next time I knock you better f***ing answer it you know
he shouted as he sprang back into the shower it doesn't make sense for you not to answer
he then grabbed Cooxy's head and began slamming it into the shower wall the glints that I did
catch in his eye Cooxy later recalled a police it was like nobody was there the violent assault
was finally interrupted when the female guest at the barbecue entered the bathroom after hearing
the commotion Thomas again climbed out of the tub his clothes now drenched he ran out of the house
still by jumped at his truck and drove off oh naked wet bleeding and battered Cooxy was aided by
the female who interrupted the assault when Barbecue host Mrs. Deiro learned what took place she brought
Cooxy upstairs to her bedroom so she could rest a cup of coffee was brought up along with Cooxy's
some domestic batterers don't have the social and psychological makeup to create other
events for their emotions explain former dolphins offensive lineman Ed Newman who was now a
domestic violence judge in date county in an interview for this book they don't know how to
take the time out or channel emotions elsewhere how to obtain solutions they act without thinking
this is a dysfunction these batterers are a wellspring of emotions this leads to impulsive actions
and the actions are totally inappropriate approximately 30 minutes after being attacked in the
shower Cooxy looked out Mrs. Deiro's second story window only to see that Thomas had returned
his truck parked in front of the house Thomas was standing outside talking to Richard Darrow scared
Cooxy decided a place to call the were father and asked this is Darrow to escort it down
stairs to the library where there was a phone while Cooxy talked by telephone to her father Thomas
entered the library with both Mrs. Darrow and Richard in the room Cooxy was confident that Thomas
would not harm her suddenly while Cooxy was in mid-sentence with her father Thomas natched
the receiver from her hands and hung up the phone I'm talking to my father she played it
shut up Thomas to mad it why are you acting like this Mrs. Darrow interjecting come on Lamar sit down
with all eyes on him Thomas paused sat down insisted to those in the room that Cooxy's fear of him
was not sincere but rather an act then as Cooxy attempted to exit the room Thomas leaped
lightning quick to his feet well he'd be quick at that point I knew I wasn't getting out of that
room because he's Lamar and she's Mrs. Darrow is who she is said Cooxy who quickly retreated
behind a large desk for protection meanwhile Richard and his father just ended the room gingerly
approached Thomas while Mrs. Darrow positioned herself between Thomas and the desk none of this however
detoured Thomas he came to me as if I was an offensive line and then pushed me toward the
window Cooxy said and the window shattered on the lower right side I feared for my life because
I was imagining my head or something going through the window and it was a thick window Mrs. Darrow
later cooperated to Cooxy's account to a criminal investigator the moment she picked up the phone
he sprang out of the chair jumped across me said this is Darrow and her police statement it was
like a football tackle straight across me straight into her and pushed her into the window both
Richard and his father went to Cooxy's rescue pulling Thomas off her in the struggle the library
was trashed Cooxy climbed back under the desk hiding in fear is the men tried to restrain Thomas
a 911 call was placed for police assistance before the dust settled Thomas's rage left red marks
on Cooxy's throat scratches on her left biceps large bump and bruise on her right triceps
and a red bruise on her right arm he also caused over $700 in property damage putting a hole
through the wall shattering a window breaking a lamp and destroying various objects around the
desk realizing that police have been called Thomas tried to reassure everyone there was no longer
any threat of danger to Cooxy I'm calm Thomas said uncommentingly I have it under control he then
exited the house and hurried toward his truck Mrs. Darrow followed him outside while one of her
children placed a second 911 call trying frantically to get police to come quicker where is he at now
911 operator asked sure I hope he's outside of the house Mrs. Darrow Sunset what did he look like
although he's with my mother I don't want to leave him alone with my mother so he could just
please get somebody here someone's on the way out there but what does he look like well he
six fours name is Lamar Thomas he plays football for the 10th of Bay Buccaneers he's 170 75
what is it he's 170 or 175 pounds ago T he's medium dark skin he's wearing a pair of blue jeans
five days after the attacks Cooxy gave her formal statement over the telephone to detect
the city costanza of the city of plantation police department by then Cooxy's bruises had dark
and looking much worse than needed when the police photographed them on the day of the incident
however Cooxy's primary concern was the fetus she was carrying I spoke with my doctor on
Saturday regarding my pregnancy whether or not it should be terminated or whether it's still
lived Cooxy told officer Cooxy that you did she asked it's just that it's a big decision I'm
going to have to make in terms of whether I want him to father this child said Cooxy Cooxy
Cooxy stands as cheap concern related to the fetus as well but for reasons different than Cooxy's
while domestic violence is treated as a misdemeanor in Florida a solving a pregnant woman is
classified as a felony can you tell me about the pregnancy ascostanded to Lamar know that you were
pregnant oh yeah yes Cooxy even brought me the book called what to expect when you're expecting
Lamar had wanted a baby for quite some time and that was sort of a problem we were having
in our relationship I have a year of school to go we're not married yet until I 10th of
warrant was issued for Thomas's arrest on two felony counts evacuated the battery against the
pregnant female one week later the Buccaneers released Thomas a player who wished to remain
on name told the authors that the Buccaneers dropped Thomas as the result of his arrest
Buccaneers officials went contacted by authors refused to confirm that there was a relationship
between the case and his release we're not going to talk about that's a communication
director Reggie Roberts we have no comment not 10 days past before dolphins newly hired head coach
Jimmy Johnson out by Thomas to a contract Johnson had coached Thomas in college at the University
of Miami insisted that he deserved a second chance Jimmy Johnson recruited Lamar to the University
of Miami explained Thomas defense attorney agent Howard Weinberg Jimmy Johnson left when Lamar
got there but Jimmy was aware of the type of personal Lamar was Jimmy realized Lamar was the type of
guy who was worth saving Lamar was lucky because there wasn't just Jimmy their Gary Stevens was
there too and they're both well aware that all receivers who played the University of Miami
it's quite a distinguished list Lamar was the all-time leading receiver in the history of the
University of Miami Huracone continued the moment I mean what the hell is right if you'd be
leading receiver in the history of University of Miami Huracone what's not to like okay no matter
how much of a scumbag you may be if you're happy I hate WLD again I'm so good I'll be
I'm happy
club on who be fired my game
I'll be going to crack it into the floating nightclub yeah I'll be going to crack it in and
be staring my blood when I'm going to crack it in and load my jokes I never go to crack it
without packing my gun yeah two dogs
all every time
know that every now and then I still some crack to a wide dude
crack scene
here I be come some was fuck on the intersection looking for three
two
crack scene
here I be
well I think losing time in the purple house with no windows and in that game I'm a
wisher she my favorite home
home
home
home
yeah
please go to crack city and I'm going to fill my crack
I'll be going to crack city you can count on that I'll be going to crack city and pass my
wrath I'll be going to crack city because I'll be bad yeah two rock four every time
I
don't
know
I don't know
you talk about
you can't play no
you talk
oh
oh
oh
11.03.5.6.
I'm named of the book is pros and cons the chronicles who play in the NFL by Jeff Bennett and
Von Jaeger
after her position determined that the fetus had not suffered any fatal injuries
cookie out to go through with the pregnancy the deros meanwhile received a call from Thomas
attorney Howard Weinberg he Weinberg apologize dero told the police and said he was going to make
sure the bills get paid he's going to take care of it see that the market's counseling
and make sure it doesn't happen again according to court documents however it did happen again
and the problem was not taken care of after appearing in nine games for the dolphins in 1996
wireless lawyer successfully delayed the disposition of his case until after the season
Thomas was sentenced to 18 months probation for aggravated battery on a pregnant female on
February 24th 1997 it was also ordered to spend 10 days in Broward County jail which was
to be served on weekends and to complete a 13 week batter or intervention program at
lifeline in Miami the dolphins then offered Thomas a new contract on March 11th 1997
three weeks later Thomas is ordered Cooke'sy again on March 29th Metro day police were dispatched
to the couple's coconut grove home Cooke'sy at this point and given birth to a baby boy
who was now six weeks old upon arrival the officers found Thomas holding the newborn
Cooke'sy was discovered in the couple's bedroom crying her underwear was torn there was scratches
on her right hand left shoulder and neck after she told officer grass that Thomas tore her
underwear three times and choked her he was arrested issued his Miranda rights and escorted
to the back of the police cruiser after Thomas's arrest probation officers learned that he had
yet to begin the counseling program that was supposed to be part of his probation a subsequent
report signed by correctional probation supervisor Jasmine V. Seagalman and correction
the selectman and correctional probation officer Dorite Jones recommended that Thomas's
probation be extended to 24 months with a longer period of counseling thus giving Thomas a chance
to change his temper and be able to live as a law-abiding citizen the report also indicated that Thomas
had accumulated 88 total sentencing points which carries a maximum of 75 months in state prison
Johnson's initial decision to hire Thomas in 1996 came before the talented receiver had been
poorly convicted of anything by the time the team resigned a year later Thomas was a convicted
felon now he was charged with assaulting his fiancee again and found to be in violation of his
probation did any of this change Thomas's playing status with at all from not exactly there were no
reported disciplinary measures taken by the team no ultimatums laid down but Weinberg said that
the team strongly encouraged Thomas to seek counseling there are selfish motives on the part of
the dolphins are arguably because they want him to be the best player possible explained Weinberg
but they're saying if you want to reach your full potential then you have to be able to meet the
challenge of dealing with the problems off the field no one is capable of completely separating
his personal life with his professional life these things bleed through Jimmy Johnson declined
to be interviewed on his decision to continue playing Thomas the authors however did interview
other former air dolphins familiar with the Thomas case the role of the coach to win plays a
large role in how they responded these situations said ex-Mommy dolphins defensive back libert hobley
in an interview for this book hobbly worked for the dolphins when running back Irving Spice was
arrested for beating his wife in 1995 Don Shula was the head coach then and hobbly saw stark
differences in the way that Spice and the Thomas cases were handled on August 29 1995 Pembroke
Pines police officers responded to a domestic violence complaint at Spice residents according to
the police report Spice choked his wife and struck her in the face before throwing her in the
floor stacey Spice sustained injuries to the neck knees in right foot the following day Shula
met with Spice was entering a second season in the NFL despite not yet being convicted of anything
Spice was informed by Shula that he was on disciplinary probation for a four year any more incidents
than he would be dismissed domestic violence is definitely something that Shula would not condone
said hobbly who actively worked with Spice in an attempt to get him counseling Shula made sure
Spice got into counseling it was mandatory he had to go at least two hours a week Spice felt
threatened for his job according to hobbly after Spice met with Shula he said if I get cut from
here who's going to give me an opportunity after this guy Shula cuts me everybody respect him Spice
pleaded no contest the battery on May 16th 1996 however as of the publication of this book
Spice has had no further contact with law enforcement pertained to domestic violence he was cut by
the dolphins during the 1998 off season in contrast Thomas faced no apparent disciplinary action
from Johnson nor was Thomas required to fulfill his obligation to attend anger management courses
oh do I love that term anger management courses oh under Shula anything that you didn't got caught
doing it you were gone no matter who you were according to hobbly anything happens outside the
realm of this organization that I hear about there's no question you didn't you're out here
Shula used to say on April 24th 1997 judge Jeffrey D. Cohen signed a warrant for Thomas's arrest
for violating the terms of his probation it read in part the probationer did commit the offensive
simple battery on March 29th 1997 as alleged in date circuit court Thomas was arrested again
in jail pending his trial it wasn't until Thomas was incarcerated according to Weinberg that
Thomas started to confront his problem one day while Weinberg was visiting Thomas at the
Broward County jail a guard knocked on the door of the private cubicle interrupted the conversation
it's time the guard said to Thomas time for what Weinberg asked him Weinberg soon discovered
that a group of at-risk teenagers were touring the jail in conjunction with a scared straight
program Thomas when he found out about their visit and volunteered to speak to the youths
according to Weinberg Thomas stood up in front of the boys wearing his jailhouse jumpsuit
and told them I'm locked up here I have a baby at home I'm sending him the wrong signal and I play
football in the NFL so you probably think I'm pretty tough well guess what I'm not too tough to
cry you never want to be in the situation I'm in prosecutors suddenly dropped the charges against
Thomas on the 14th and he was released from jail kooksy is decided not to testify against Thomas
leaving prosecutors without their prime witness kooksy's reluctance is typical of domestic violence
victims but rarely understood by individuals who have an experienced violence in the home sometimes
victims had good reasons for not testifying explained domestic violence judge Ed Newman former dolphins
lineman domestic violence is like a dance in this dance one of the aggressor perpetrator the other
is the victim the victim adopt strategy to avoid the next beating some victims think in his
procedural context of a trial that they'll be beaten if they step forward as a witness sometimes
they're concerned about a retaliation sometimes the victim is financially and emotionally dependent
on the perpetrator after playing in two super balls under shula numen completed his lottery and
was later elected to the bench he's one of a group of Florida judges who've been assigned to
hear domestic violence cases on an exclusive basis when there's an apparent problem when you see
young lady with a black eye and happens again and again somebody needs to intervene said numen
not only for the good of the individuals but for the good of the image of the league and of the dolphins
apparently nobody had ever intervened on ever the kooksy's behalf Thomas got talked to many times
about the need to address his problems but there was little incentive in the way of consequences
after his incarceration however wineberg said that Thomas started to take counseling quite seriously
a black male particularly one replaced professional sports does not see reaching out for psychiatric
helper counseling is a viable option explained wineberg they see that as a sign of weakness so if
it was great it was a great value when Lamar stood up in front of a bank or reporters and said
I need professional counseling and that doesn't mean that I'm not a man according to wineberg Thomas
cooks you and their child we're living together as of the spring of 1998 at that point in time Thomas
have been counseling for nearly a year Thomas declined the author's invitation to be interviewed for
this book as far as Jimmy Johnson's voters for keeping Thomas on the roster throughout the assaults
in jail time they want to win games wineberg said there is no question about it if they can get
him to play his best they've helped themselves but I definitely noticed concern that this was
separate in apart from just those issues when assessing whether Johnson is acting out of raw self
self interest or altruism it is difficult to overlook that in 1998 Dan Marino is throwing the ball
to two athletically gifted criminals Thomas endured and have both been convicted of violent crimes
his own words from a press conference October of 1997 seem to sell up his motives best the bottom
line is production Jimmy said all right nice going Jimmy all right okay that's all I'm going to read
sorry about all the reading okay but I know that most of you won't go out and buy the book and
won't read it so I want to have a lot pros and cons the criminals who play in the NFL I don't
even want to hear about the negative stuff we got it done I mean how are why I don't get we want
a game I want to hear nothing negative I want to read no negative paper tomorrow we finally
want a game it's all that should be said for Ray the dolphins want a game for change none of this
negative missed opportunity with all of those bull I'm tired of punk finally we can quick looking
at all the damn station showing the dolphin demise should Jimmy John's replace you all of those
bulls I'm tired of I'm fed up to hear with this up to here this is you know it's the grace of God
you know I'm sorry for my profanely language but I'm just happy that we were able to get a win
that takes it fresh up by no means is this thing over and you have to you know continue to concentrate
and get ready tonight on let's watch animal screw it's a dicey situation for the interpret wildlife
crew as they inadvertently interrupt a wild gorilla in the mist orgy sound man Richard is
made it with a five hundred pound silverback male follow the couple as they register at macy's
and pick out a flatware pattern it's all on tonight let's watch animal screw
by the way one of the offers dear friend that says that the national football league is far more
tolerant of violent crimes than it is of other transgressions such as gambling and steroids
because gambling and steroids get at the credibility of the game but violence that'd be okay man
if you know when you come out of the ghetto you're expected to be violent just these little
anger management you'll be okay huh like oh Jay you'll be okay till you just lose it let's go
where we're going to a crawlgables hello yes nails do you think it's safe to generalize everybody that
comes out of the inner city who did that sounds like you're doing oh I am yeah in other words
we're reading specific stories about specific people but so did you hear any of the words that I
read sir or you just got a chip on it's because the music and you have the uh because of the music
very typical black voice thing about crack you know I don't think it's fair oh you're talking
about the bits that I play yeah so who says that everybody that comes out of the inner city is a
criminal okay that's that's that's okay okay okay well thank god we straighten that out okay
gotta do these disclaimers so that these professional ethics don't get all bent out of shape
get out of here okay blow it out your ass go find a life we're gonna search party
open line and power it all this is a tremendous response after what I just read there this is
assimilating five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty out of mobile one line here's a
mobile in Miami hello hey hey nail yes sir if you could criticize these football players for what
they did I think you could offer your crime when you got car oh how did I get off of my
did I commit any violent crimes or was I accused of a violent crime blow it out your ass oh
you know this is unbelievable this is exactly the mentality we're dealing with and like I said
it's not these guys fault it's the fan because they'll support it they don't give a crap what
these guys do as long as we win as long as they run fast and jump high just like Brian blades
baby you don't have time to talk to you guys he's got to go out there to see out on play that's
what you're Rosinhouse said give me a fricking break okay go talk to P.W. Herman and blow it
out your ass here's a lady mobile in Delray Beach hello hi deal how you doing okay man hey you know
what you are completely right you got three more ones back to back to back yeah so don't you
understand because I'm not in their heroes you don't want to stand four five and two we don't
want to hear about all the criminals on here yeah I'm a college football team I agree I'm
I'm a I've been turned on to you for six months and I've been trying to tell my girlfriends
and everything else on to you hopefully I don't have anyone yeah I'm a woman big well we have one
you betcha and I agree with like 95 or maybe almost a hundred percent of what you say and even
with the O.J. situation okay he goes and kills and gets off and what do we do we're still waiting
and look at the tabloids and there and then keep in mind that keep in mind that he was evading a
rest exactly that we had all these assholes running around there with signs on the L.A. freeway
go get it you're talking about the dumb Americans we are you talking about a bunch of idiots you
got that right we are you got that right and my thing is I think it's time to boycott football
that football widows we see him sitting there on the TV and our husband's the dinner can
appear watching it and going go go go sit there and say what about a police record what's
going on give him enough folks at home maybe they won't watch them no more all right and games to
yeah I wouldn't spend the money to go see him I wouldn't my son wanted to buy a jersey from
I think it was a dolphin or some kind of crap I said I won't see a dolphin jersey on your back
and you know hey but that's how my feelings are okay I'm going to be like okay yeah good on here
two open lines and powered five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line
here's a mobile in Miami hello hello Neil yes sir hey you're absolutely right I used to play
football and they don't care as long as you can run fast shall I love you yeah that's all we
care about they don't care about nothing else you can kill somebody and they'll get you off of it
and you know I'm sure that there's some of these dog fans out there thinking about you know
Shula didn't win anything in a long time I had to do it so well years ago but Shula at least
was a didn't put up with his crap but Jimmy Johnson hey we're five and two
assuming and care what Jimmy does that but he's got a point to prove he's got to look good so he's
he's got to do whatever he can to make himself look good yeah thank a word and
thank God he had good training at U of M and it Dallas too okay how good they know okay thank
God that Michael Irving's another one of those outstanding guys that Jimmy can take credit for
we have an open line of day fine oh you can't say these things I mean yeah right and love
okay I said before how come the sports segment on his radio station how come they're not the ones
talking about this book and interviewing these authors because the several pages that I read there
is terminal and his boring as it may have been to some people nevertheless that was all about
stuff going right here in his town and also there is a footnote by the way which I didn't read but
just to show you how up to date the book is because it was written just a couple of months ago it was
released editors know that the end of chapter I read marine will not be handing off the Phillips
then goes on about how Jimmy Johnson has a number of talented running back to replace him and began
fumbling the ball and training camp John Johnson explainer reporters his decision to release
Phillips had little to do with the troubled athletes most recent rest with the law and
police and it says as the book goes to press police they're still investigating allegations that
he assaulted a woman in Miami nightclub in June and here it is the end of October we heard
any more about that no I haven't heard the final disposition of that no no no Lawrence Phillips one
of the real scumbags in the history of the human race stuck his girlfriend and a god damn
stand up post post office box there in the link in the braska
beat there after beating the crap out of her but hey you know with these guys got to have
anger management courses they got to have yeah they came out of the ghetto yeah right tell the
col uh... round that too okay that OJ came out of the ghetto and tell Ron Golden and his family
while you're at it always got excuses for aberrant unacceptable violent behavior don't we
mobile in north waterdale hello how you doing now okay sir uh listen I gotta respond to this
this sounds like you're making a big deal out of something that's been going on forever
uh... this there's what you're talking about right now that i was making a
big deal nothing there's nothing new to anything you were saying this has been going on in sports
beginning of time yeah and so i was some other people should be talking about it i was
no no you're right about bringing it to the public attention but i what i think is what's
going on here and what's dragging it out so much is that the proliferation of media and the ability
for media to just take things and blow them out on all over the airwaves and make such a big fuss
out of the new plan the way that they're almost controlling what's going on now is that it's become
so sensational that the big picture is been completely blown away that these are people from underprivileged
areas oh here we go okay okay what's wrong with the interior tell that to Ron Golden
okay i'm gonna take a high point here you go i don't i didn't i tend to that i told George that
as soon as i finished reading we went to the break and i said the response is going to be from
assholes like see sir i'll listen to anybody say almost any opinion but that i will not listen to
i don't care what area you come from that's not an excuse for violent behavior against other people
it's not an excuse for murder it's not an excuse for assault it's not excuse for treating women
like like subhuman garbage it's not an excuse i'm sick and tired of hearing it whether you're black
whether you're white i'm not interested in the area whether it's bobby cocks whether it's god damn
wearing spice i'm others mark fits Patrick i don't want to hear about it mark fits Patrick didn't come
from a god damn underprivileged neighborhood neither did bobby cocks jesus joseph what a sad sad
sad and you know the interesting part is it points out in this book see and now you understand
where he was coming from in the beginning well the media has blown this all up no the media
ought to be blown it up that's why this book is so god damn great paying millions of dollars to the
lowest scumbags on a face of the just like my tyson there's a classic example see the boxing
fans in this country they don't give a crap what makes it how tyson that's how many people he
raps how many ears he chooses how ever in his behaviors they want to pay to see him fight some
stumble bomb again because for whatever reason because to them that's exciting so don't confuse them
with the facts but this horsecraft and in addition to which these are the guys these are the select
few guys who've been taken out of the my out of the uh gettos and given the opportunity to make
millions of dollars eighty percent of the players in the nba are black what would most of those
guys be doing if they were playing basketball and making millions and millions of dollars what would
they be doing so when somebody gives you the opportunity to make millions of dollars and be a
big hero and a big celebrity and then you turn around and continue being a scumbag something's
wrong there somewhere right mark duper i mean you could go down a list you've got a list as long
as your arm and your leg put together and this guy's trying to make excuse sure i got and i'm in
all my life i've been a liberal but you know something when it comes to this that's why draw the line
i'm not interested in labels when it comes to the death penalty fry him when it comes to scumbags
who have no respect for other people put him away and throw away to god damn key and i knew that
this would be the re i told you that right during the break i said you wait and see oh they were
underprivileged they came from the ghetto they grew up in these gangs like you know something they
were given a chance to get out how many chances did they get it's like how many beers is it take
to enjoy a sporting event here how many chances do they have to get before we finally say well uh
you know thank god Lawrence Taylor got off drugs oh i'm sorry for a while here's a mobile in
north mind me b tello hello new yes sir oh yes you know i'm kind of trying to these people talking about
people who grew up in the ghetto being disneyed in the gimmicks making excuses for them i grew up in the
out of my second mind me on 20th street i was in the middle of the ghetto how did you tell anybody
this week and i didn't kill anybody right and i was able to get out of the ghetto and start my own
business and have a business for myself so it's a it's a it's a cop off those people who try to make
excuses because they were pouring to win the ghetto because i was born i was in the ghetto and i
didn't turn out like anyone of them see most of the people who make excuses like that asola called
me about a half an hour ago this this guy is a jox nipper and so it doesn't make any difference what
is heroes do they've always gotten the excuse they need anger management but as long as they can
make him feel better about himself because it's his team and it can win some games then he doesn't
care what they do really exactly i say put him all in jail all right all right okay pal congratulations
see there you go this place i mean if everybody who grew up in a ghetto was like the like oh j if
everybody was murdering everybody it's totally out of control and beaten women all over the
goddamn place then we have anarchy because we got millions of people who grew up in a god damn ghetto
all but it's an excuse not for me it's not here's a lady mobile in north Miami hello hello
yes man oh my god sounds like you oh okay here twin sister oh no i have one of those i've been
listening to you since 1987 and today you finally got me out of the closet oh my god wow i totally
agree with you um i think that we set these men up and the kids idolize them and that's the
d and h first isn't that complicated you don't teach your kids to admire scumbags that's all
what i'm talking about scumbags i'm talking violent criminals and i hear all this discussion oh
how come how come this one can't throw pancake block and outcome this one's got his finger and the
other one wrecked and how come i know but don't confuse this with the fact because either we got
you know a bet on the game which i do understand that or uh you know we want to feel better about
ourselves it would be like it just like my go into that panther game the other night watching
that this graceful display am i going to come in here the next day and say and start playing that
stupid i'm not going to start doing that well we'll get it next time will be okay
i'm gonna do that i need to suck you at your kelp this is five sixty two a.m. oh god Neil
do you ever wish that your family and friends knew their five old persons better
will i have the answer to your prayers from the makers of you think my martyr comes
again the whole family can enjoy crucifixion oh crucifixion is not just fun to play but it forces
everyone to know their bible and it's easy to play first someone picks a word or phrase from
the bible and the rest of the group takes turns trying to spell it but be careful if you pick a
wrong letter your little Jesus doll gets nailed and i'll take a guess um how about a kid nope sorry
Billy after three nails and one spear to the chest everyone loses but don't worry in three days
you can play again so run down to your local crucifixion toy store and grab up your very own copy
of crucifixion why not play tonight comes with the small Jesus doll nails in a tiny spear fake blood
wouldn't cross and hammer not included crucifixion a product of Trinity brothers with great
effective story that i find so i'm just a little bit of part of the whole ambiance in america this
pathetic pathetic bunch of crap people request saves prisoner now first of all keep in mind that all
of this money was spent of course for security while he was here you got to understand that the
taxpayers they're in st. Louis paid for that make no mistake about that is that correct
uh-huh you bet not to mention of course all the money that was wasted by somebody probably the
Italian government probably the mexican government the u.s government t.w.a. allotalia whoever was for
the shakta breal would digest potatoes and the laskin smoke crab and all the other good crap
that they were eating on the plane coming over and in between and going back to a fumuccino airport
but at any rate setting that aside assuming that we can stand the fact that we're mixing organized
religion that you know if they were bringing some old rabbi some old orthodox rabbi from the
middle east would they be uh doing stuff like that no would they be subsidizing it no of course
you wouldn't have a million people lining up to hear all the bull crap either would you no if
they were bringing some like Buddhist priest in here you know with a shaved head in fact to the
guy that's doing a car wash is he a Buddhist or a harry christian but at any rate if they were
bringing some harry christian a guy and that they just picked up at the airport would they like
subsidize his trip to Mexico city i don't think so would they be sure serving him shat double
beyond no they probably throws ass in the slamer but here's the silly man in a dress keep in mind 97
percent of the people in Italy don't go to church okay i'm not making that up that is a absolute
positive verified statistic 97 percent of the people in Italy do not go to church maybe once in a
blue moon maybe like for a baptism of Connie's baby something like that because they're on to him
because uh he's right there in the midst and they see how ridiculous it is and they see all those
geckys running around and they see that big used to be a department store where they sell all the
robes and the amiders and all they all add crap all the adornments that the silly queens are running
around it and now he comes over here and like he always does just like when he was in Cuba brings
nothing nothing tangible just a bunch of stone age rhetoric and tries again giving a you know i mean
Clinton of course needed the PR there land the other day that was good he loved that even though he's
thinking of myself yeah he's sitting there thinking of himself you silly old queen you although like
i said yesterday they both do share a lot of expertise on blow jobs Clinton getting them the
pope giving them but nevertheless here's the silly old man in dress and he comes over here and all
these crazy people come lining up from everywhere the biggest indoor mass in the history of mankind
oh my god or at least the u.s. of a and he's giving lectures to us on on what we ought to be doing
telling and i'm not just a catholic said his country telling our government telling the people of
this country which the overwhelming majority by the way are not catholic i had to break the news
to you Carol is that his name Carol what still that's his name Carol never trust a man named
Carol with a dress especially a guy named Carol who wears a dress is that his name it is you don't
know oh my god i can't believe that my religious expert friend in there my catholic friend i'm a
little behind that carol watch still he's at polo with a bad dress and i really crappy outfit
so anyway he comes over here and mazuri governor commutes sentence for death row felon
this story is so unacceptable and so typical of one of the worst things that's wrong in the world
today after an extraordinary personal appeal from Pope John Paul II governor Mel Carnahan a
supporter of capital punishment which the overwhelming majority even liberal bleeding hearts like
yours truly believe in capital punishment because you have to live in the real world not some kind
of fantasy world virginia he commuted the death sentence of a convicted murder on Thursday to
a sentence of life in prison without parole the governor said his decision was a one time event
and a tribute to the pope rather than a signal that he had changed his mind on the death penalty
so in other words forget about the laws we keep hearing this is a country of laws all this
the penis gait stuff that's going on oh this is a country of laws not a country of men blah blah blah
blah blah blah yeah but when a man in a dress comes over here who wields all of that power because
he's got all that money behind him all of a sudden the and then the interesting part of it is that
the governor of of of a mazuri happens to be pro-capital punishment he is a supporter of it he says
i'll have to say i was moved by his concern for this prisoner i continue to support capital punishment
the governor's decision came one day after the pope concluded a brief pastoral visit to St. Louis
during which he preached a homily that included the strongest condemnation of the death penalty
he's made on american soil go back where he came from carol carol and after his final public
of ed a prayer service at the st. Louis Roman Catholic cathedral the pope approached the carna
hand a southern baptist out of you like that he's a southern baptist who was seated in the front
pew and asked the governor to show mercy to derro me so a schedule be executed on February 10th
i want you to understand i do want you to understand this
mees forty two was convicted of the nineteen eighty eight ambushed length of taney county couple
Lloyd loren sixty nine is wife frankie fifty six along with their disabled grandson
wilyam nineteen he only killed three people what's wrong with that
mees who killed a tree or with a twelve gauge shotgun as they wrote all terrain vehicles near their
rural taney county farmhouse alleged that the senior loren's have been his former partner
in a drug manufacturing scheme so we ambushed him and killed the family and the the husband and
wife and their nineteen year old disabled nephew or grandson whatever it was some kid some punk killed
three people okay that earned crap had a trial convicted a first degree murder sentenced to die
and this man in the dress comes over here sticking his nose in our business how can a chat
about abortion how can a chat about uh you know plow assisted suicide try to put dr jack
out of business and now he's like interfering in the legal process in this country and is there
anybody in the media that's got the foot spot the balls to open up a mouth and say what kind of horse
crap is this huh what kind of baloney what kind of unmitigated is this that a man who is the titular
head if i can say that of a corrupt religious institution comes over here where we're supposed to
be a secular society sticks his nose in our business and it's uh southern baptist governor
caves in okay whatever you say it'll make me look good it's good politics i guess
to cave into this man with the dress you know it's very interesting with all the people who buy
into this religious horse craft you know one one day this guy's just another guy he's just another
one of the cardinals the bishops whatever worrying all that uh you know those expensive robes over there
and then all of a sudden when they start blowing that smoke man i'm telling you there's a lot of
blowing going on in the Vatican they can almost think about that and he start blowing the smoke
and it comes out of the chimney there oh we got a new pope but i mean and all of a sudden he
becomes magically close to god he's like better than everybody else and he's the town everybody
in the world what to do he's telling a billion people what they ought to be doing i mean you talk
about insanity you talk about crazy people but i mean none of us are ever going to change the fact
that people are basically emotional weaklings and eat all these crutches to hang their hats on
that's very sad but the fact that he comes over here and that the media like a bunch of cheerleaders
they probably had a borrow trantlots pom-poms the way they were covering this god then crisis
exactly and that's sixes you see that that was a miracle i didn't even hit the god damn button i
just hit the side of the guy that's right just hit the side of this thing that's i hit the side of
the keyboard all of a sudden there you go it's it's a miracle from damn god yeah i can't even get my
fingers in the right place today i'm so god damn worked up the god damn pope from Rome comes over
here and this guy they're gonna they'll keep feeding him and keep him alive this guy is how old is he
42 i had to break the news to you he's gonna be alive for a long time and they're gonna be feeding
him meals in fact maybe just maybe the Vatican will subsidize and send over some shat
double yon with duchess but they're the last guy are last getting their smoked crab or maybe
this guy's got the crab i don't know we can only pray isn't this um astonishing and unbelievable
of course because the median all you people in town is weak by the way for while your networks
and all over the god damn country you're a bunch of spineless cowards you're terrified of
organized religion and you're especially terrified of the god damn catholic church you're afraid
the god damn pope is gonna come over and put a spell on you where that maybe your neighborhood
priest is gonna come down and molest you or a grandchildren or whatever you're terrified of
just absolutely unbelievable take a couple of calls i got this great article by Howard Biel and
city link about whammy ice-cold Howard whoever you are and the super facts about the ice
at the not only the macarena but a lot of the rings of on the NHL and then of course we got Miami
magazine with the worst picture i've ever seen in my life of ray wittany on the cover and then a
picture of ray who's having his ear bitten by a bridge on the inside about dating i hate to
break the news to you at my mma magazine i mean it's cute we have we love ray wittany and the
bridge it in but um you know but i think they're doing a little more than just dating you know i'm
saying his fiance that they've been living together for how long i think they're doing a little
more than just dating going out for fine food that's what they call it these days is that what it is
i think they're eating more than just fine food but at any rate here's Miami hello
hey hi doing you right um the reason why a lot of us do not want to speak out and tell
her are true you know feelings about religion why does her there idiots like the previous
caller that you had i worked for local government here in Miami and you land i have happened to make
the mistake of actually saying oh i don't believe in god yeah and you know it's it's affected my
work i mean a minor comment like that and a lot of people out there are willing secure
willing secure who are afraid of of of what different different views different
view different ideas and they really wanted to be the truth is that what it is absolutely and they're
afraid of it and i mean i'm not into preaching anything like that but i just happened to say just
just one comment i just said you know i really don't believe in god and i think the pope is a fact
and that was it man he was over i mean i got transferred but well before i know i'm walking
back in the church yeah i happen to be no my beat now is overtown i mean it's just one of those
things where well starts right in the word and over time they need some truth over there
take it easy yeah go on the streets and start screaming there is no god there's only
oh god i'll get lynched okay have a great day how's John lynch doing by the way we have two
open lines in date five six seven oh five sixty pop five sixty on the 18t wireless line hey what's
wrong with getting lynched if it's good enough for bubbles should be good enough for everybody else
here's a mobile and cross-spring hello hi Neil how are you great you know i got to tell you i feel
like a battling idiot today sir i'm very proud of it well you know something you don't have
been listening to you since october and the problem is is that you're telling it the way it is
and people can't take it well school my own care couldn't care less one thing that you keep
forgetting that we talk about the pope in his dress what about the smoking pocketbook the
smoking pocketbook yeah you're gonna walk down you weaves is smoking pocketbook back and forth
i didn't know he had i knew something else was smoking it's the pocketbook meal yeah and just keep
up the great work okay have a great day sir what is he saying we have an open line in brown
to and date five six seven oh five sixty come on we want to hear from somebody that supports the
pope just one today that's going to be like trying to find somebody that knew something about the
ice and the arena the other day and it would pick up the phone and call them with anybody do it we
had like two people anybody else no they don't care they're oblivious welcome to la la land all
you out of town as we know you're listening out there all you invaders who came to the town for this
big stage event here this weekend welcome to la la land so you can write whatever you want
about us down here because the fact of the matter is number one we already know it number two
nobody here cares nobody here cares we're oblivious this is the land of total absolute oblivion
that people here work overtime on being indifferent and apathetic so if you think you're going to
like you know yank their chain forget it i've been trying 23 years to yank their chain and i
still can't yank it here's candle hello yeah me oh yes sir i just want to ask um can i have
give two requests can you give two requests yeah for no we have an open line and uh what is it in
uh date all three of five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t wireless lines can
you give two requests no can you give one request no here's a mobile invoker hello hi Neil yes sir
i've been listening to you since your old w n w s days yes i think you're great yes i am um i
agree with you a hundred percent on religion is when i started i was brought up as a Jew and when i
went to college i started studying religion i realized how many people have been killed in the name
of god and how uh religions were developed primarily by people in power or who wanted to be in power
to keep other people uh listening to them um if you promise folks that they're going to live forever
in an eternal life and paradise uh if you do what i tell you now you tell them they're going to
die and go into the ground and rot that's not very popular people don't want to hear that they can't
true people are afraid of that they can't deal with it uh but that's what's gonna happen so what
what kind of god by the way would have created a situation like that where you live 60 70 80 years
whatever and you go in the ground and then rot if he created man in his image how come man doesn't
live forever if god is infinite and eternal how come man is an infinite and eternal huh that's a
good question why did he create pain yeah why did he create can't why do you know these viruses
why does it create mosquitoes well uh the religious people will say the test of but if he's uh
no no no powerful why test us oh yeah he's testing us yeah well thank you i just wanted to tell you
there are a lot of people out there who agree with that god bless you sir we have an open line
today that one broard five six seven oh five sixty we got the god people going again here today
we don't have one cat lick now we got the one guy to one yahu up there in Palm Beach gives me a song
of dance first out he's on the babbling idiot see that's his that that's his uh disclaimer that's
his formal disclaimer he has to start right out with that so that anybody listening will
my recognizes voice and even those who don't understand he doesn't like this show he's only listening
because he's got a bum fork radio that doesn't pick anything else up anybody believe that no
but i'm a babbling idiot because i have the audacity to come on here and say things that make
all the sense in the world and talk about all the injustices and the fact that a man in
adress comes to this country being fed chat to bring on and duchess potatoes and all this other god damn
millions and millions of dollars they spent on this stage the media event here the last week
and they're talking about meantime we got all these things among the hypocrites up in congress
they're talking about well you know no man is above the law and this and that he got a few blow jobs
and he lied about it we're talking perjury he lied about his sex life wow but here's a guy that
blew away three people three innocent people including a 19 year old kid in the wheelchair killed him
went through the criminal justice system was convicted he's on death row he's going to be
executed and because the man the dress who's got nothing to do with our government comes over here
and opens up a mouth the governor of misery oh well uh i think you're right you got a point we
won't execute them we'll just let him we'll just keep paying the feed him and keeping him jail for
the rest of his life and he's only by the way 42 and i'm the only one that's psychotic about that
and a mainstream media like i said that to them the religion and especially the Catholic church it's
like a hot stove it's like burning coals man as soon as they even get close to it they back away
they don't even dare put their finger close to it or the stove either how do i know
rastas me rastas you rastas you rastas you rastas you
hey rastas you i say hi and i i give all your joy
hey oh come you don't we are chesa i'm not that off the starts
i like you to make this and i like that smoke i split i like my soup right i am a
well i'm not in rastas you i like gochetsu and i like the motorbike
chicken soup with honey the luck that's what i like
have you ever tasted
ah
oh
Do it...!
Oi...
I don't think he has behind
Didi racita chattelaf
oii
Rhyme's time to guess my right.
Rhyme's time to guess my right.
But he's throwing his foot like this.
Look at that.
That's always the best part.
That's always the best part.
Rhyme always kicked his hands and the rock.
Rhyme always made it up here.
That's like a foot president.
He's like a foot president.
He's trying to see if he's getting the right.
He's trying to see if he's getting the right.
You better fuck it.
Rhyme always made it up here.
Rhyme always made it up here.
Rhyme always made it up here.
Rhyme always made it up here.
Rhyme always made it up here.
Rhyme always made it up here.
Rhyme always made it up here.
Rhyme always made it up here.
Rhyme always made it up here.
Rhyme always made it up here.
Rhyme always made it up here.
Rhyme always made it up here.
Rhyme always made it up here.
Rhyme always made it up here.
Rhyme always made it up here.
Rhyme always made it up here.
Rhyme always made it up here.
Rhyme always made it up here.
Rhyme always made it up here.
Rhyme always made it up here.
Rhyme always made it up here.
Rhyme always made it up here.
Rhyme always made it up here.
Rhyme always made it up here.
Rhyme always made it up here.
He'll open up his pants to let you in on a secret special he's saving just for you.
So, Sashe on down to Jeff DeFloris or call 1-800-GoodBread-Ali.
Deep in through the she-hole watching Mom and Dad.
Deep in through the she-hole the most I've ever had.
Mom and Dad were playing tag right there on the tag.
Rhyme always made it up here.
Rhyme always made it up here.
Mom and Dad were playing tag right there on the tag.
Mom and Dad were playing tag right there on the tag.
Mom and Dad were playing tag right there on the tag.
Mom and Dad were playing tag right there on the tag.
Mom and Dad were playing tag right there on the tag.
Mom and Dad were playing tag right there on the tag.
Mom and Dad were playing tag right there on the tag.
Mom and Dad were playing tag right there on the tag.
Bobby, Mom was on her knee.
He must have had a booboo cause she's just been where he peed.
Deep in through the she-hole watching Mom and Dad.
Deep in through the she-hole the most I've ever had.
But we watched those little longer and I started to get sick.
If Daddy's name is Helmer, why Mom asked for sick?
Daddy's grunted his eyes broke back.
Mommy wanted more.
She's going back on top of him.
But all he did was you're.
Deep in through the she-hole has a minute.
I can't wait to drive it down.
I'm throwing my class.
I can't wait to drive it down.
I'm throwing my class.
It was picking up a peeping through the keyhole.
Here's our great letter to the editor.
Let's not hold this back.
Now, what's paper this?
I guess this is the Suncendle.
One of the greatest letters in the history.
This is this morning's Suncendle.
The movie was misnamed and the letter is written by Walter George in Del Rey Beach.
Oh!
As it's in sitting on a bench in...
Oh!
Short and right to the point.
Wait till you hear this.
I recently saw the film Shakespeare and Love, which won this year's Academy Award for Best Film.
The movie should have been titled Shakespeare in Bed or Better Yet Shakespeare in Lust.
To depict as love, two people constantly clawing at each other on screen is typical Hollywood fear.
Oh, God!
This is so South Florida, this letter.
You know what?
Oh!
I got to read that last sentence again.
To depict as love, two people constantly clawing at each other on screen is typical Hollywood fear.
That's probably why those kids are shooting everybody up.
They're shooting at Scorch Korea.
Like I said, more sex at less violent.
That's what we need to America.
Speaking of that, by the way, I got a great book for you.
Every now and then I come up with a book that I say, hey, there's a...
I'm only just the beginning.
I've only just begun about 30 or 40 pages of this one, but I know that a lot of people want to buy this book.
It's brand new.
It's hardcover.
It's called Making a Killing the Business of Guns in America by Tom Diaz.
And I know that the gun hugger is out there.
Apparently that one asshole that's always called me up.
Tell me how smart he is and how dumb I am.
That gun squeezer.
Mr. A Concealed Weapons Permanke guy.
He'll be a psychotic here.
Let me talk about this.
Great book.
Making a Killing the Business of Guns in America by Tom Diaz.
It's on the new press.
It's in hardcover.
It's in your book stores by today.
Let me just read one interesting thing from here, okay?
Because I'm here in this all the time.
Every time we see the gun nuts on there.
Well, we've already got 20,000 laws.
Gun advocates offered a cert that the US has got more than 20,000 gun control laws
at the local, state and federal level.
And their view of the US is already over-regulated.
And our gun violence problems would go away if only these 20,000 laws were strictly enforced.
But what they do not say is that even assuming there actually are 20,000 such laws.
The vast majority of them don't regulate the sale or possession of guns.
Rather, most of them deal with collateral questions like zoning laws that regulate where gun stores and shooting ranges can be located.
Or that's at limits on transporting and discharging firearms within city limits.
Those kinds of laws that have nothing to do with buying, selling, or owning guns.
It says the fact is that any adult who is not a convicted felon, convicted spouse or child abuser,
or an educated mental defective can legally buy a gun almost anywhere in the United States.
Also in the New Yorker magazine this week, there's a great article about it.
The same attorneys that went after the tobacco industry are now going after the gun industry.
Right.
And they're all psychotic about it, of course.
Still getting faxes by the way about Friday show.
If you miss Friday show, your life isn't worth living.
I'll tell you that right now.
That was seriously.
That was the epitome of my life.
Yeah, exactly.
All I can say after Friday show is.
Yeah.
About the millennium.
About the year 2000.
When does the next millennium begin?
Here's two faxes by the way.
It says the conversations today, meaning Friday regarding calendars and centuries is further proof of the 60355 rule.
60% of the world's population are ignorant.
35% are stupid.
And the remaining 5% are intelligent.
The vast majority of today's call is fell into the 35% category, assuming that most of the 50% categories comprise of people from third world areas excluding South Florida.
This is the third world, baby.
You turn.
Here's another fact that says.
You know, we can we can start this all over again.
I'm confident that we can do a month on this.
Well, you know, the heat lost.
So this station's in big trouble.
Yeah, D.Fo says to me in the hall this morning, he says, oh gee, how are you going to skip talking about the heat?
I said, no, the real question is what are you guys going to talk about for next three or four months now?
Just like I said on Friday, what happens if the heat went up getting eliminated by the next?
And I said, well, you know, the marlins are hot.
They want a couple of games and he went.
Yeah.
Here's the fact that says, of course, there was no year zero because back and so called biblical times.
Those people were so stupid they had no way to express the value of zero.
Most Western civilizations were unable to express the value of zero until the time of the Renaissance.
This is a fact.
It says period and end exactly how do you like that?
Okay. So if you have 10 apples and you start counting it at zero, huh?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Don't just start like with, okay, start with your thumb.
Here you go. Here's finger number zero.
Yeah, I think a lot of these people, they relate their lives to everything else.
So the fact that most of them are big is, you know, they can't get to zero out of there.
They can't get the big out of their lives.
Just like that Shakespeare in love, he couldn't forget about the big over and over and over and over again.
And Walter George and Delray Beach is pretty a pissed off about it.
To depict as love, two people constantly clawing at each other on screen is typical Hollywood fair,
which is why so many people are racing to see the movies.
You're a jackass, Walter.
Probably getting any either at your advantage.
You have to water over the edge of a hundred easy.
John pretty damn good.
I'll tell you for an old fart.
Callers suck as usual.
We've got a couple of calls today.
Emily.
Couple of good, huh?
One or two that had something to say.
Well, at Young Schwarzenegger, he was all right.
That brother, the fly boy.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, I've been waiting all, I get the couple of months now patiently for you to talk about our favorite American city.
So I'm going there next month.
What is that?
What is your favorite American city?
Las Vegas.
There you go.
Yeah.
What do you mean you've been patiently waiting?
We talked about Vegas almost every day last week, I think.
Well, then it must be at a time when I'm not listening.
I got five nights I'm going to spend out there to play.
And I want to do a recommendation for a few restaurants for dinner.
A few restaurants for dinner?
Yeah.
First class.
Well, you've got to go to seizures.
What's the name of that great Italian restaurant in seizures?
Buccino.
Buccino.
Oh, that's not a meal, that's a feast.
Buccino.
How about the new Venetia?
You know, anybody that's been in there?
No.
Well, I mean, the casino part is open, but it's still not...
Yeah, we had a call, I think, from some of you been in there.
But they opened the casino part first and then they're finishing the rest of it, so I don't know.
But I mean, when you're there, you'll check all these places out, of course.
Well, I get...
On a suicide.
Have you been to Mandelae Bay?
No.
I heard the Venetia.
A couple of four collapsed there and killed some construction workers.
Really?
Maybe it's not open.
Yeah.
What about that?
A couple of weeks ago.
No, because then that's not true, because it opened right on time.
We had calls from people who had been there.
All right, so we got Bokinal, what else?
Yeah.
Ruth Kriss Steakhouse.
Okay.
Well, see, Georgia Smiling, I don't care.
I don't care.
Okay, let him smile.
Okay, so let me tell him the other place.
The Rosewood Grill.
All right.
Even though Ruth Kriss has better steak.
Rosewood Grill, I mean, they got great lobsters and steaks.
It's right on the strip.
It's right by the Imperial Palace, right up a little north of that.
Yeah, whatever happened in your summer trip.
I went on it one time when that guy who set up the trip, he had that cute little girl who was in junior high.
Maybe she's old enough now to start taking care of some business.
Yeah, I'll bet.
All right.
Good.
I have a great time, pal.
Okay. You'll have a great time.
What?
Yeah, she's out of school, didn't I?
Like I said, mind your own business.
How do you believe Bob Lincoln alone?
Yeah, I feel that squishy, you know what I'm saying?
Like any second.
Oh, to loose a lot of Dreck.
And another very ponderous Monday like all of them.
When you get upset, I'm not at least an upset.
In fact, I'm delighted that I could be here today, because otherwise I'd be sitting at home
and I'd be doing driss dang and all that, you know, and that stuff makes you sicker.
Makes you, makes you worse.
You just have to fight your way through it when you're a real man like me.
You fight your way through these things.
You don't sit around at home feeling sorry for yourself sniffling all day like some kind of a little pansy.
Here's Pember Pine.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, what's going on?
How are you doing, sir?
I'm having another check in here today.
All right.
You know, I was thinking, man, the white people wanted them to bend a basketball.
Yeah.
Now we took it over.
That's right.
They were football on.
And one ball was white people.
They were all packed.
Hey, the white man invented it.
Try to it and you guys took it over.
So, thank the people around.
Rosie, good kid.
We'll be taking over hockey next baby.
Yeah.
All right.
I'll be out of here just in time, I guess.
In fact, Rob Neetermer was on the play in their last night with Nikki Taylor.
And as he walked down the figure, I said, hey, Rob, you think Peter where I was a real player?
And he said, no.
Next I didn't say word.
Now how come I did that?
I wasn't going to speak to him.
He must take me like poison, you know what?
See there, there are guys that are like, got a sense of humor.
And then the guys who are thin skinned, he has a right to be upset with me because I've ripped him an ass.
He deserves it.
So I'm not going to pretend to put on that.
I mean, okay.
So I bought the kid lunch a couple of years ago, one day there, right?
It's Chili's, Rimmer and Robby Neetermer.
He's a nice kid.
He just don't have the heart for it.
Okay.
He just ain't got it.
I could have put on some phone.
He could have, hey, Robby, Nikki, how are you guys doing?
Great to see you.
That's just not me.
I'm just a quiet guy.
