It's Friday, you bastard.
Bro, to take another face off.
Get the Pittsburgh Zone, wins it.
Paralyze it.
Shot off the goalpost.
Right off the draw.
A face off, we've five per-lows.
Paralyze it.
Keep that focus.
On the cover, our shot.
The shot!
The shot!
Turn it down, you're going to have to win.
Have time, the staring.
Hey, hey!
Hey, hey!
Lady, you're not.
I could offer only one tip for the future.
Act strange, and people will leave you alone.
The rest of my advice has no basis more reliable
than my own neanderine experience.
Put a slinky lounge in front of your neck
and try to walk downstairs backwards headfirst.
Sit naked in a large bowl of rice crispies
and singing feelings while the kernels go snuff crackle and pop.
Go up to a ticket booth and try to stick your head to the hole where they say how much.
Lick a stranger.
Tell him you're from Bosnia and you're a country of design of respect.
Take lots of pills.
One of them might work.
Occasionally ask the stranger if they've heard anything from Lewis.
Be annoying.
During an IRS audit, staple the guy's hand to his desk.
Moon, a funeral.
Play Go Fetch with a scene I dog while he's working.
Run naked through a mall yelling, kill her bees, kill her bees.
Say the word kitty without smiling.
Try to figure out who said Paulie Shore should star in movies.
Don't be surprised if it's the same guy who said John Gacy should work with kids.
Ask an old lady if you can carry her groceries and try to make a run for it.
Disappear for great lengths of time.
Try to touch your forehead with your tongue.
It may not work, but many women will appreciate the effort.
At a high school reunion, tell your old English teacher that your dog's still leaving your home with.
Ask Mark McGuire if they'll take a million dollars for one of his books.
Try to find the secret to care atop success.
Understand your conception was an accident.
That your parents got wasted and wanted a few more laughs before they passed out.
Try not to lose your finger in your nose.
Take a bobcustis and toss them on the lawn next door.
Go on a car trip with bobcustis and force them to stay in his car seat.
Try to dribble with bobcustis.
Ask all your friends and family for forgiveness.
Knowing you, you've done some crap that's really pissed them off.
Wish no one will will, unless you don't like it.
Then screw up around their own.
Realize anyone who says they're completely happy or completely full of crap.
Ask a hell of a angel if he's a woman or has he always walked like that.
Understand that there are bad people in the world and you may just be one of them.
Sniff an old lady.
Imagine Gomer Pyle and the gay bar are trying to get lucky.
Do this without laughing.
Find what's left of your innocence. Understand it.
Embrace it. Protect it.
And if it's so awesome, take it out for a nice knock.
Care enough not to care.
Hum, while you eat.
Act strange and people will leave you alone.
Right is right.
10.04.560.
I mean, if you are happy Friday to him.
Oh god, no wonder they leave me alone.
So speaking of that, the Dunkin Donuts people were here this morning who are terrified of me.
He says George, but that was good.
Whatever that thing was they brought in.
Sausage and bacon and ham and cheese and whatever that was.
Although I do feel like any second.
That was good.
Don't be panicky guys from Dunkin Donuts.
I thought those were the Colorgan people again.
One guy looked like Chris from Colorgan.
I already mentioned Colorgan three times and he hasn't even started yet just to get the padwrecked psychotic.
So him stuck his head in the door this morning.
Did you say anything about the no, did you come anywhere near me?
No, just like the guy who's all been out of shape about his backs.
I guarantee you I bet you dimes to a Dunkin Donuts that somebody we know got to that appearance last night somehow found his way there and made his 500 bucks.
We can lose it on the pricking this by the way.
We're going to be talking to Dave Johnson in the 11 o'clock hour.
Yes, good.
Dave Johnson, the world's premier race car.
We've been calling the Kentucky Derby for 185 years.
He'll be calling in.
And we'll have a little bit of a chat and I'll give him my pick even though I have paid no attention any of it.
I just I really don't care.
But it's always good talking to Dave.
He's got a good sense of humor.
Have to have to work over there with all those old parts and ABC.
So here's the facts.
Okay, can we straighten one thing out right up front without wasting too much more time on us?
Because one of the things that people really get very upset about, it's human nature I guess,
is when you burst the bubble of their preconceived notions, they become very psychotic about that.
Now, why anybody would become psychotic about something as ridiculous as a date?
I have no idea.
But here's a great facts by the way that you try to simplify for some of you bozos out there.
It said I was listening to your show today.
It was very amused by all the people who can't figure out how to count.
The people who insist that January 1st 2000 is the start of the new millennium must also have nine fingers.
If these people start counting with zero on their first finger, then when they get to their last finger, there will be nine.
So to all the people out there who insist on using zero as the starting point when counting, I've posed this question.
Do you have nine or ten fingers?
This is not brain-seered, Drey folks.
Absolutely correct, sir.
Well said.
Let me try to lay this out for you.
Okay, and the guy that called yesterday almost had me hooked there for a second because it's so simple that when you start,
yeah, when you start doing a verbal cat dance with it, you can get people confused.
Let me try to make it very, very simple.
Okay, the first century AD was the year's one through a hundred.
Okay, that was the first century.
The second century was the year's 101 to 200.
The third century was 201 to 300.
Then we get up to the first millennium.
Was the year's one to a thousand.
The second millennium was the year's one thousand and one to two thousand.
The next millennium will be two thousand and one to three thousand.
The third millennium will be two thousand and one to three thousand.
The third millennium will be two thousand and one to three thousand.
The third millennium will be two thousand and one to three thousand.
The third millennium will be two thousand and one to three thousand.
The third millennium will be two thousand and one to three thousand.
The third millennium will be two thousand and one to three thousand.
The third millennium will be two thousand and one to three thousand.
The third millennium will be two thousand and one to three thousand.
The third millennium will be two thousand and one to three thousand.
The third millennium will be two thousand and one to three thousand.
The third millennium will be two thousand and one to three thousand.
The third millennium will be two thousand and one to three thousand.
The third millennium will be two thousand and one to three thousand.
The third millennium will be two thousand and one to three thousand.
The third millennium will be two thousand and one to three thousand.
The third millennium will be two thousand and one to three thousand.
You can't stop progress.
You can't stop progress.
You can't stop progress.
You can't stop progress.
You can't stop progress.
You can't stop progress.
You can't stop progress.
You can't stop progress.
You can't stop progress.
You can't stop progress.
You can't stop progress.
You can't stop progress.
You can't stop progress.
You can't stop progress.
You can't stop progress.
You can't stop progress.
You can't stop progress.
You can't stop progress.
You can't stop progress.
You can't stop progress.
You can't stop progress.
You can't stop progress.
You can't stop progress.
You can't stop progress.
You can't stop progress.
You can't stop progress.
You can't stop progress.
You can't stop progress.
You can't stop progress.
You can't stop progress.
You can't stop progress.
You can't stop progress.
You can't stop progress.
You can't stop progress.
You can't stop progress.
You can't stop progress.
You can't stop progress.
You can't stop progress.
You can't stop progress.
You can't stop progress.
You can't stop progress.
You can't stop progress.
You can't stop progress.
You can't stop progress.
You can't stop progress.
You can't stop progress.
You can't stop progress.
You can't stop progress.
I thought it was only Puerto Ricans that were in the air freshener and cars, by the way.
I thought it was only Puerto Ricans that were in the air freshener and cars, by the way.
I thought it was only Puerto Ricans that were in the air freshener and cars, by the way.
I thought it was only Puerto Ricans that were in the air freshener and cars, by the way.
I thought it was only Puerto Ricans that were in the air freshener and cars, by the way.
I thought it was only Puerto Ricans that were in the air freshener and cars, by the way.
I thought it was only Puerto Ricans that were in the air freshener and cars, by the way.
I thought it was only Puerto Ricans that were in the air freshener and cars, by the way.
I thought it was only Puerto Ricans that were in the air freshener and cars, by the way.
I thought it was only Puerto Ricans that were in the air freshener and cars, by the way.
I thought it was only Puerto Ricans that were in the air freshener and cars, by the way.
I thought it was only Puerto Ricans that were in the air freshener and cars, by the way.
I thought it was only Puerto Ricans that were in the air freshener and cars, by the way.
I thought it was only Puerto Ricans that were in the air freshener and cars, by the way.
I thought it was only Puerto Ricans that were in the air freshener and cars, by the way.
I thought it was only Puerto Ricans that were in the air freshener and cars, by the way.
I thought it was only Puerto Ricans that were in the air freshener and cars, by the way.
I thought it was only Puerto Ricans that were in the air freshener and cars, by the way.
I thought it was only Puerto Ricans that were in the air freshener and cars, by the way.
I thought it was only Puerto Ricans that were in the air freshener and cars, by the way.
I thought it was only Puerto Ricans that were in the air freshener and cars, by the way.
I thought it was only Puerto Ricans that were in the air freshener and cars, by the way.
I thought it was only Puerto Ricans that were in the air freshener and cars, by the way.
I thought it was only Puerto Ricans that were in the air freshener and cars, by the way.
I thought it was only Puerto Ricans that were in the air freshener and cars, by the way.
I just mentioned that.
Did Lucky the Zoo desk get by the way?
No.
I just mentioned that every day.
See, it says Talking Baseball with Donnie Ken.
I guess it means Ken Walden Zoo in the updates, but it's like all written together there and I thought, what the hell is that?
Pretty sloppy job there on the schedule since that really can between the nephew and our program director.
I mean, they spend at least I'd say 90% of the time they're in the building making up these schedules.
And then if there's like a change they come racing and you're like, oh my god.
And then we got the Amarlands at the Milwaukee Brewers.
And they've never beaten by the way tonight just to make it a little bit more exciting.
Now I got to say this.
Oh, by the way, Tom Jicca.
He's body stupid.
Finally writes an article about the ratings.
It's not a really good article, even though he just fawns over me and Howard.
Thanks Tom.
All you are.
He's body stupid.
I mean, and you know something, anytime I'm going to be photographed, if there's ever going to be a photo of me anywhere in any publication,
I'm going to insist that a picture of Howard will be right next to me because God makes me look a lot better.
And that is a good picture.
Where the hell do they get that picture of me?
Huh?
WEDR, Radio's number one, Rogers and Stern Top Shows.
And Jicca finally only two weeks to the day after the ratings finally came out.
He got around to it.
Nice going, Erd Tom.
You're really a...
We started stupid.
Right on top of it.
Oh!
But anyway, getting back to this other business, you're having people continuing to argue with you about this?
They're on hold now.
I know.
I see we got all these calls, which if I'm talking about something important, I never get any calls.
But this, no, this, seriously.
Well, this is as simple, like the guy said, it was a great fact, counting your fingers.
You don't start by saying, you get to the thumb.
Okay, zero, no, no, no, zero, okay.
No, zero, no, OOOH!
Okay?
Please, we don't start counting, like if you had marbles, okay?
If you had six marbles on the floor in front of you, where many of you probably do.
In fact, some of you probably lost some of them already.
But if you started out with six and you tried to cut them, you wouldn't pick up the person and say,
Okay, zero, no, no, no, no, OOOH!
Okay?
Stop with the zero.
Too many of you people involved with the zero.
For example, the date of that first year AD wasn't like March 10th zero.
There was no such here.
You know, you can't have a March 10th zero.
You know, the eyes of March the year zero.
No, there was no year zero, okay?
There was zero, but not zero.
Oh, these people.
Here's a mobile and big pine key.
Hello?
Oh, look at that.
We got a phone problem again here.
How do you like that?
Okay, here we go.
It's WQ.
We got every line of the board lit up and we can't put them on the air.
So we're going to have to, like, reload the whole system again.
Oh, is this getting old or what?
Is this getting fricking ponderous?
Or say the effort on the air?
I can't believe this.
I'm in such a good mood this morning.
I feel so great.
Everything's coming up roses.
Look, yeah.
And here we are, QAM again, where every God, here we go.
Here's the noises again.
Yeah.
Okay.
Stand by.
Yeah, QAM recycling.
Cut everybody off the phone.
Okay, you can call back in now.
And maybe it'll work.
Here, let me pick up on cool QAM.
Hello?
Yeah, George.
There go.
No, it's me.
I picked it up.
Cool to see if it's working.
It's working.
So you're on.
Although the 21st century begins at the end of this year.
The 21st century begins at the end of this year.
Right.
It then started next year.
No.
The second millennium.
And December 31st, 2000.
The very first 2001 is the beginning of the new millennium.
Uh-huh.
And you're far.
That's what I just said.
Right.
So, those who were good at numbers, great.
But I mean, they're going to say that the 21st century starts with the year 2000, but it really doesn't.
Right.
Okay, thank you.
That's the right.
Thank you. That's what I was just saying.
Well, there's a guy that can actually count.
God bless you, sir.
Thank you.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60.
You know, this is getting really old.
I said the other day, I don't give a crap anymore, but at least technically, you know, you, you, you bows those in his place.
Why can't we get a phone system in here that works every day?
Or at least like 90% of the time.
We finally get something that these people are whipped up about as embarrassing as that is by the way.
But we finally get some interest here on his goddamn show.
And then you can't put a goddamn call on the year because we're working with his piece of crap getting her phone system at radio shack for like 50 bucks.
You can buy a better radio system than the phone system in this piece of crap.
In fact, that pirate station that they're raven about in new times, they probably got better equipped than we've got.
In fact, that goes without saying.
Talk about the, you know, like I said, they don't, they nobody cares.
There's no embarrassment factor because they don't, they don't care about these things.
These aren't the things they're concerned about.
Just funnel that money through here.
Just keep shoveling it through here along with the, you know, they win two shovels.
One for the money and one for the, yeah.
And then they're happy.
That's all they care about.
Just keep shoveling it.
Here's Lake Worth.
Hello.
Nick and Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, you need some explaining to do for me here.
Yeah.
And it's my lip, my lip, and I'm saying.
Yeah, okay.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on a mobile one line.
Maybe it was an active God, you know, maybe it was an active...
Yeah, it was good.
...that we had to cut a lot of these people off because that guy.
Oh, and by the way, that guy that called yesterday, who's a chronic caller about the, what chronic regular right-winger, he's not full of me, sir.
With your phony, your rimmer like last, you know, which he left out yesterday.
But when it thinks I'm so stupid and he's so smart, well, guess what?
The public fewer over-the-gun control laws.
All of a sudden, the right-wingers in the center, yesterday, had to change your fart.
Isn't that amazing?
Oh, yeah.
Well, you know what? Guess what?
Maybe we better put some more teeth in these laws.
And it's not such a good idea to let people run around buying guns at gun shows without any background check, et cetera, and so on.
And leave it like volunteer.
All these gun huggers out there, man.
Let me say it again. Any of us who have ever visited a place where they're civilized and people aren't blowing each other's brains out.
You don't have to look over your shoulders to see what lunatic has got a gun.
Those places are places where you can live.
But this guy, he loves it that way because he's in love with his peace.
And those of his ilk.
Here's a mobile and fort lotterdale. Hello?
Yes.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I am.
All right. I'm going to clear this number thing up, right?
You straighten it out for us.
Here's the deal.
Well, you're confusing time and number.
No, no.
No, no.
Well, here's the point.
During the first year, okay, during that whole year, you can call that year one.
Yes.
Until the moment it becomes January 1, 1201, that's the beginning of year two.
So you are right in when saying, when the zero year is really year one, which is what you're saying.
Sir, stop. There is no zero year, sir.
There is no zero year.
So just forget the big if you can.
There is no zero when you're talking about time.
There's no zero.
During the whole first year, you can call that year one.
That's what I mean.
I can call a year one.
It's already packed.
I had to break the news to you.
Yes, what?
It's already gone.
But you can be there all the way to the end of the year, though.
What's the complete year one at the end of the year during the whole year?
And then year two.
What will I have?
That's January 1.
Let me ask you this.
Is this a bulletin that you're telling me or what?
Okay. Good luck to you.
Wow.
I'm going to tell you something.
Let's look up the award in the dictionary right now.
Okay.
Because if ever I had a call, all the calls I've had the 75 trillion calls.
I mean, these are some of the most profound.
Like I said, taking something, first of all, that nobody with a brain would spend any time worrying about.
I mean, what the hell difference does it make?
What you call it?
You know, they're doing it because it's a hype thing.
It's like anything else.
They can make somebody some money off them better.
They whip up some interest.
They make, get some movies, whatever.
But people are, this is, we finally found a struck a runner of their concern about the big.
Probably most of them haven't had one in six months, at least.
So the year zero is a call.
You can call it the year one.
Okay.
You can call it your friend if you like.
Okay, sir.
You can call it your best buddy.
And I'll just keep it up there in the air and you can keep looking at it.
There's a message in there somewhere.
Yes?
I mean, I'm listening to adults talking like, like, like, like, like that.
You know, I'll call after call or go in.
Like that.
Over what year and you wonder why we have people who are like, uh,
all of these wild-eyed superstitious, religious bull crap?
And, oh, you know, they're changing the calendar.
So it must be the end of times that Armageddon is coming in.
Oh, I mean, you're changing the calendar.
The sun is up there and the world spins around.
I almost said the sun goes up and the sun goes down.
Maybe you're a sun.
But I mean, I'm not serious.
I mean, you know, daylight, nighttime.
They could have measured time anyway.
They wanted to.
And they could have been like two-hour times with the sun.
It could have been anything they wanted.
It was just a convenient way to measure a day.
And as a result, they measured the calendars based on this whole thing, okay?
But that gets a little bit too complicated.
When we start talking about the sun traveling around the earth.
Yeah, it's not the sun traveling around the earth.
There you go.
Doesn't the sun travel around the earth?
That's what I thought.
We withdraw the apology, by the way, okay?
The church just went through the apology.
That effing Galileo, that piece of crap.
Probably a commie pinco.
Here's Miami Beach.
Miami Beach.
Yeah, I think I can explain some of the confusion as well.
Okay, here we go.
All right.
Millennium is a thousand years.
According to Webster, it's just a period of a thousand years.
It doesn't say when it starts and when it ends.
It's just a thousand years.
I understand that.
So the first millennium was the year's one through a thousand.
That's correct.
Now, as far as, you know, is it why 2001 would be the start of the millennium?
Yes.
What was the first year of the 90s?
The decade called the 90s.
What was the first year?
What was the first year?
Yeah, of the decade we called the 90s.
That's not the same where you're talking about.
What was the first year of the decade as opposed to...
One thing has nothing to do with each other.
Well, let's talk about the first decade.
Then what was the year of the first decade?
What was the year of the first year of the first decade?
One.
Okay.
Well, then why is it 1990 now instead of 1991?
Did we lose a year somewhere along the line?
No, we didn't lose a year.
People just started referring to it in that way.
But if you want to look at it accurately and literally, then the 1901 was the first year of the 20th century.
That's for real.
This is tradition.
This is an accurate.
It's just tradition.
Another thing that's causing a lot of...
Modern tradition.
Confusion is there's 44 years that were lost somewhere because some monk couldn't add.
And the calendar didn't start at year zero.
You won't find an old coin somewhere with year one on it.
The AD came up years and years after it was supposedly started.
But that's how we measure time now.
It doesn't make any difference.
There was no year zero.
Well, was there you just got to say there wasn't?
All right.
The first year you were in Miami.
You've been on the air six months in Miami.
Sir, don't start trying to confuse.
Okay, we're talking about the calendar.
I'm talking about the calendar based on Neil God.
Yeah.
Okay.
How long have you been on the air when you've been on the air six months?
You're on the air six months.
Based on these conversations today, much too long.
Waited about 23 years too long.
Well, it was six months.
You hadn't been on a year yet.
So which year was that that you were on?
Okay.
27 after 10 at 5.60 WQAM.
It works the lotion in the basket.
It's a lot of water.
It's a lot of water.
It's a lot of water.
It's a lot of water.
It's a lot of water.
It's a lot of water.
It's a lot of water.
It's a lot of water.
It's a lot of water.
It's a lot of water.
It's a lot of water.
It's a lot of water.
I can't believe she's the last year.
I can't believe she's the last year.
I can't believe she's the last year.
I can't believe she's the last year.
I really don't know where I went wrong.
Maybe she heard something I saw.
Maybe she heard something I saw.
I would do it.
What is it?
It's a 12.30 already.
It's a 10.30 at 5.60 WQAM.
Here's the facts.
These people are just adamant.
They just will not let go of the big.
This is all that go of it.
It says, you are wrong.
Zero to one is the first year.
You know, every time I've been in Rome,
I'm always fascinated by the buildings where on the side it's
is, uh, Anno, zero, zero.
There is no such thing.
Like, how to call a seamen,
it says, Anno, vi, i, in the year seven.
Okay.
They knew their numbers back then.
And yes, it's all man-made,
but that's the way the calendar works, boys and girls.
I hate to break the news to you.
That's the real world.
We can go by the Jewish calendar.
They really get everybody else iconic.
But let's just save that for next circus or something.
In fact, some of you I think belong in this circus.
Because this is just unbelievable.
The year zero to one.
There was, let me say it again.
There was no February 21st, zero.
There was no such thing.
The first year, as we invented the calendar,
couldn't have been the year zero.
Because there's no such thing.
It didn't exist.
And this guy who starts in about the decade of the 90s.
Okay.
I think he's thinking about the gay 90s.
This is what he's thinking about.
You're confusing all these different things,
all this terminology and mixing and matching
decades with all of it with millennia,
with all this other stuff.
All of these things.
And of course, anything that's in the 90s
had to begin with the 9th.
That doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out, okay?
The decade of the 90s.
What does that got to do with the calendar?
One to a thousand, first millennium.
One thousand, one to two thousand.
Second millennium.
Two thousand, one to whenever it ends.
Third millennium.
Even Zagarin Evans knew that when they made that song
in the year 2525.
That was like 20 years ago.
Even they knew that.
I think.
But these people are obsessed with zero.
Maybe we can get a lot of group to lobotomy rate
and remove the number zero from your mind
when it comes to dates.
There is no year zero.
Zero years there are.
Oh, oh, oh.
There are maybe there ought to be.
I know, I know they're adamant.
Don't confuse them with the facts.
This is just like the religion thing I did with that poll we did yesterday.
Don't confuse them with the facts.
Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir. You are an absolutely correct, sir.
Oh, thank God.
Here's somebody that can count.
It's got the nine fingers in and one more.
Okay.
Now this guy that called you before and told you that
if you were on the radio for six months,
of course you haven't been there a year.
You've only been there six months.
Yeah.
I mean, when a child's born, what is he born?
No, no, no.
The end of the year even responded to his question.
I could have said like 23 and a half years.
That would be the way I would respond.
I mean, the half year being the six months.
No, but when a child's born, he's not one year's old.
He's six months.
And that's when the calendar started.
And so it's called zero.
It's not zero.
It's six months.
The first 12 months, then it's year one.
You know, which I was born in January first,
he's not one until he's a year old.
Yeah.
What does that have to do with the price of a hull of a.
No.
No, nothing at all.
Nothing at all.
No, but no, no.
It's better to tell.
Year one.
Year one was year one.
You know, I thought I did such a mega.
I was so proud of myself about four minutes after ten.
I spent about 30 seconds laying this all out for the audience.
I thought, okay, that'll be the end of that.
And now we, I mean, it's not important.
It makes no difference to me.
If it'll make some of these people happy, I'm wrong in their right.
Just like I said, God, the threat will win their game last night.
I was wrong.
They got clobbered, ran for good and stuff of watermelon.
I mean, you know, I'm a lot of times I'm wrong.
This is not a debatable point.
This is not, this is like arguing whether like, you know,
Todd's wreck is a human being or not.
There's nothing to debate.
The answer's obvious.
Yes, I just wanted to be the first follower to say that you are absolutely correct.
And God bless you, sir.
And give you a high two.
Okay.
Well, he said I was absolutely correct.
But he threw all the other stuff about the baby.
He threw it in the baby with the bathwater.
Whatever the hell I was for.
Just to spice it up a little bit.
Because it is a terminal conversation, but this audience loves it.
Look at this.
They're obsessed with it.
You're wrong and we're right.
You're wrong. You're wrong. You said I'm a bitch.
Okay.
We're wrong.
God, am I glad that I brought this thing up?
Just forget the big.
Oh, forget it.
There is no year zero.
Period.
What year were you born?
I was born on June 23rd, zero.
Hey, yeah.
Huh?
What is that mean?
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes. Hi.
Okay. I'm a huge fan of yours.
First of all.
And I think you're wrong about this issue.
Uh-huh. How do I know?
Well, this is you.
I like the way you say it's an issue.
Okay.
All right.
When we get out of the issue, after 23 years,
we found an issue that South Florida's whipped up about.
I am. It's the first time that I call.
Go ahead. Excellent.
You got me really wrapped up.
Great.
Anyways, when we get to the year 2000, okay?
We have completed 2000 years.
At the end of the year 2000, right?
No.
No, because...
Yes.
Sir, listen.
If you had 2000 apples, right.
The first and you started counting them.
The first apple would be one.
And the last one would be 2000.
Then if you had somebody give you another thousand apples,
the first one would be 2001.
That would be your third thousand apples.
Right. But the point is that on the first day of the year 2000,
you started already the year 2001.
So you're in the 21st century.
Anyway, January 1st, 2000 is going to be really January 1st, 2001.
No, but you're in the year 2001.
So it counts as the 21st century.
If we're in the year 2001, how come we're calling it the year 2000?
Anyways, have a great day.
All right, buddy, take care.
Oh, my head may explode.
I'll tell you what while we're arguing about this,
how about putting something good in your mouth, huh?
No, not that.
I'm talking about a great Stogie from our friends at Nixigars.
It's Friday, you first good.
The
music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Where he pees.
He's been through the keyhole, watching Mom and Dad
taking through the keyhole.
The mom's all we ever had.
While we watched those little wongers,
the night started to get sick.
If Daddy's name is Helmer, why Mom asked for it?
Daddy's grown in his eyes full back.
Mommy wanted more.
She's gone back on top of him, but all he did was yours.
He's been through the keyhole.
Has the minute had?
I can't wait to drive this down.
I'm throwing my class.
I can't wait to drive this down.
I'm throwing my class.
And don't forget, at agency people are at home.
1045 at 560 WQM.
This is fantastic.
Can I try it now, butternut?
One more time, no seriously.
The year one.
Forget about all the other, the religion,
and the this.
What we're talking about, the calendar is man invented.
It's just like religion is man invented.
Let's go get back to the calendar.
The year one, the very first year, January 1st, year one.
December 31st with the end of year one.
All right?
How we following that?
That was the first year.
That was one.
Uno, un, a bean.
Okay, if you got it, one.
January 1st, year two, was year two.
All right.
You know, we could kill between now and two o'clock.
I can go, in fact, this would prove it to be out of shadow,
but we just don't have the time.
We wouldn't get the spots in.
I could go all the way through January 1st,
to December 31, year one.
That was the first year.
So when we've completed the year 2000,
that will be 2000 years of recorded,
a laps time, AD, that heavy lapsed.
Okay, if you got that 2000 years,
then when we start with 2001,
that will be the beginning of the third,
thousand years of man's recorded existence, AD.
AdPats Domino.
Sounds like Sesame Street.
Yeah.
Exactly.
Oh, yeah, right.
But you left off the, what's wrong with you, man?
You left off the dig old.
These people are obsessed with zero.
Maybe because they live here.
Maybe that's what their lives are all about.
I'm not up to as a big, you know,
because you live in South Florida.
Don't take it personally, just because you live here,
that doesn't make you a big,
leave the zero out.
But there was no year zero.
Got it?
Year one.
Then there was year two.
I'm gonna go all the way through to 2000, okay?
Just to convince you.
Man, man, oh, man, oh, man, a chevets.
And you wonder why people kill each other over a parking space.
Do you see that thing that happened at that motel the other day?
God got beaten to a bloody pulp with a baseball bat over a parking spot.
He pulled in for a couple of seconds.
Or, of course, sometimes if they don't have a baseball bat
it's handy to have a f-y-merkin way.
Yeah, that's usually more, that's quicker and more final.
But then, of course, the guy can't back out of the parking spot.
You have to do it for him.
So you wonder why people argue and get all whipped up
over things that are so patently obvious
that anybody would even the tiny little brain.
Even if you have a tiny little penis like I do,
you know that this is the way it is.
And I understand that the whole human race is going along.
Oh yeah, the millennium.
Right, it's a hype job.
Great, that's like Ricky Martin can sing, right?
Does anybody believe that?
Huh?
Of course not.
But that's the hype of the month.
So let's go off.
Alie is great.
And he sure likes the ladies too.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
You're brilliant as always.
Oh yeah, it really takes a genius to figure this out.
No, but I'm gonna have to differ with you.
Oh.
Because all of those other brilliant Polish
and German mathematicians in the last century
had this problem that they were dealing with.
And it was a continuum.
This time is a continuum.
And they had one year lagging, one year ahead.
That's why.
One year ahead of what?
Well, that's why the 1800s is called the 19th century.
And the 1900s is called the 20th century.
No, no, no, that is not why.
Let me say it again.
The year's one to a hundred, that was the first century.
When we get to 101 to 200, that's the second century.
So when it was the year 150, for example,
the number was ahead, the century numbers,
and it's not as new with a lag in time.
But the calendar is set up.
The Cesaria calendar set up where it's a year ahead of time.
Because, no, it's not a year ahead of time.
It just takes an effect that one through the first 100
is a hundred years.
It's not as new with that being a year ahead of time.
It's got to do with the fact that there's no year zero.
But there's a first day of the year, which is a continuum,
which is a time as a continuum.
It's not safe.
Starting at one, starting at one, not starting at zero,
starting at one.
Are you, am I wrong about that?
Was there a year zero?
They called the year zero one.
They called the year zero one.
They called the year one one.
How can there be a year zero?
Stop and think about it.
How can there be a year zero?
Well, that's why they didn't call it zero.
They called it one.
But you keep throwing zero into this.
There was no zero and there was no zero.
Well, there was no such thing.
Before the count out, they zero.
Okay, then let me put it this way.
Please, toss out the, okay.
Then let me put it this way.
It's so simple if you keep it.
If it stops throwing a zero in there.
Okay, then before there was recorded time,
there was just time, correct?
Hundreds of thousands of years.
That's like asking me if a bear,
you know, in the woods will somebody step in it.
You know, I mean, what is that?
No, obviously there was,
there was the human rights existed before.
There was recorded time, correct?
Of course.
Hundreds of thousands of years.
Before Barney and I,
and there was no calendar, correct?
And then when they invented the calendar,
they called it year one.
Right.
But it began with the first day of year zero.
Because it had to begin with the first day.
Okay, that's all I have to say.
Wait a minute.
What?
Didn't I ask you just a minute ago
was there a year zero and you said no?
Did I ask you that question?
I say.
Was there every year zero and you said, of course not.
And now all of a sudden,
didn't I say, didn't I say,
give up the zero?
Didn't I say that and you said, okay, you said,
okay, now you're back to the zero again.
There was no year zero.
Actually, you see zero.
He'll say, yeah, there was no year zero.
Please trust me.
All right, I trust you.
Okay.
Bye.
I must sit on the floor for half hour
and meditate.
I'm serious.
I've got to masturbate right now.
I mean, I just, I can't, I can't deal with this.
No, that's even Rod Surling.
I wouldn't be able to believe this.
He couldn't, Ripley would be a non-plussed.
We went through the whole conversation at the end.
She, all of a sudden, she whips it back in there again.
The year zero makes her come back.
That's the problem with the world is the big, okay?
And maybe some of us aren't getting enough like that thing says,
but the big, there is no year zero.
How could there be a year zero?
I mean, there could have been,
I mean, if they decided that was the way they were going,
but they didn't, they didn't.
They couldn't, they could have said the first year
was the year 77th, just for the hell of it.
Maybe they liked the number.
But they didn't.
They said one.
Oh, it's the beginning.
It's the first year.
Let's call it the year one.
Wow.
What a concept.
I mean, is this something that's really, is it all that difficult?
Is it all that mind-boggling?
Okay, let here you go.
Take off your socks.
Everybody knew I didn't take off my socks.
No, not again.
And I'm actually wearing socks, okay?
Okay, we'll start with the fingers.
Assuming that those of you out there don't have any deformities,
start with your thumb on your left hand.
Okay, zero.
Oh, God.
Oh, God.
Here's North Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
God, I've never heard so many dumb people on all my days.
I mean, I thought I was making a little progress with it.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
She brings the zero back out of the left field out of nowhere.
I thought the zero was out of our lives.
And she whipsed it right back in there again.
Is it not simple enough to say that 20th century is the 20th set of 100 years?
1901 through the end of 2000 is another 100 years.
Yeah.
I'm a black man.
They call us dumb.
Jesus.
You know what I mean?
They're trying to make you feel better about you.
Is that what it is?
They're trying to look you up.
They're doing a good job.
I just want to tell you, I didn't hear you earlier in a week.
Did you hear about Algo's theme on with Johnny Carcman?
Did we hear about it too much?
Okay, you did hear about it too much.
I heard about it.
He's a great guy.
We like using his apartment in Amsterdam, but too much of a poll.
Oh, there's another publicity hunt.
And the other thing I wanted to know is that you hear Kid Maldon salute you yesterday?
No.
You're doing his updates after you went out.
Oh, about the lotion in the appellate.
Oh, you did hear about it?
I heard that.
Yeah, okay.
He's a great guy.
He's our kind of guy.
Thank you.
He's our kind of guy.
Good Jewish boy, Ken Maldon.
His real name is what?
Schwartz.
This is just even the Schwartzers understand this.
How do you like that?
All of you dumb white people out there?
Man.
I'm serious.
What used to be my brain is now there's just a vacuum there.
I used to have like maybe not a big one or brain either.
But now it's just it's just gone into a resting position.
It may never make a recovery.
After listening to these convolut, I mean, first of all, what difference does it make?
Why is it so important?
Other than like I said, and it's all your fault, by the way.
I know I do.
As usual, as usual, trouble making little speak just stating the obvious, which people don't want to hear the obvious.
This isn't something I ever way to even thought about if you wouldn't have mentioned it.
And look at all of the things already killed an hour.
Nice going, George.
Mobile implantation, hello?
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay, I think.
It's amazing you can put up with these people.
I got to tell you the brother who just called is exactly right.
I'm going to try to do the most simple thing that way I can do it.
Simple as the operative where we need simple.
Yeah, now I understand why you get the calls you do.
Let's imagine that you and I are sick of having a calendar based on the birth of Christ.
And so tonight at midnight, we decide to start all over.
New calendar.
Okay, at mid-zero.
And yeah, zero.
We'll still use January February just for convenience.
Okay, so at five minutes after midnight, it will be January 1.
Right here.
One.
It would be five minutes after midnight on January 1 to year 1.
You start with a year zero.
That seems to be the most obvious premise of any discussion that you can't start.
Nobody starts counting anything with zero.
Of course, when we say it's the year 1, what we're really saying is we're working on the first year.
We are in finish right.
The first year of recorded time as we decided we'll make it up.
Right, that's right.
So it has to be one.
So the end of it.
Right.
It's the same.
We haven't finished the year 1999.
And after you're finished 2,000 years of those 1 years, you have two millennia.
And then 2001 is the first year of the next millennium.
You will have a set of 2,000 years at the end.
You know what this is like?
This is like trying to pedal a much of all soup to juice.
I mean, there should be a piece of cake.
Should be no problem.
What is this?
People can confuse, I think, over the...
Should be...
This should be like trying to convince the Greeks that Baccholava is tasty.
I mean, there should be no problem here.
People can confuse the guy who brought up the 90s.
They're confused by the way numbers are used as names.
Well, see that?
But if you're going to bring in all these different discussions that have nothing to do with this.
Exactly.
If you're just looking at it as counting.
To count 2,000 years, you have to have the end of the year 2,000.
Which means January 1, 2001.
We're exactly right.
Okay. God bless you, sir.
The problem you can help these people, but...
I think they're beyond help.
I think they'll find...
I'll see you at year 0.
Okay.
There you go.
I mean, this guy, you know, he's getting exasperated because, uh, Tim, it's pretty obvious.
It's pretty easy.
The only way that you can screw this up is if you keep bringing that big 0 back again.
I'm telling you, forget about 0.
Forget about it.
There is no year 0.
There is no year...
Ow!
Spend an hour of my life here this morning arguing with a bunch of supposedly entailed adults.
Leave the intelligence part out with a bunch of adults over the age of, uh, old enough to, uh, do it.
Arguing about something...
The only thing that would be like that would be like arguing, are we on the year, you know?
Or is this station on the year now?
And that's more debatable than about what we're talking about today.
1057-560WQAM.
Do yourself a big favor.
Okay, 111-560QAM.
Finally, we got somebody on the phone who can help solve this problem.
This is the most unbelievable, most frustrating conversation I've ever had in the history of my meaningless life.
Hello?
You probably left.
I'm here.
Okay.
See you in an while I'm talking about yet.
No, I don't know what that's all about.
That's good.
Well, I've just spent an hour of my life here.
And now we're debating this audience about, uh, when the third millennium starts.
Okay, I've tried to explain to them that there was no year zero and that the first millennium was the year's one through a thousand.
I feel like the second millennium began with the year 2001.
So what's the, what's the difficult about that?
It's like picking a winner in the preekness.
Dave Johnson here, the greatest caller has been calling the erases on ABC television for 300 years since before they invented it.
You know, I've been calling them so long, is it, well, when I first started calling the numbers on the saddle clause where in Roman numerals...
Yeah, vi, that's right.
And how about that big number?
In fact, here, you know something, this is a great tie-in.
When they go to the post tomorrow for the preekness, there will be no horse with the number zero.
That's right.
And that's because of the millennium problem.
Right, right.
That's right.
That's right.
Oh, it's too bad we don't have a horse named millennium tomorrow.
Man, would they plunge their brains on that?
That'd be great.
I love people with that name.
Yeah, and you know something that easily cashed, too.
But you heard that George and I had a conversation before while you were on vacation and I was working at the Kentucky Derby's.
Yes, I did.
And we decided it was going to be either charismatic or worldly manner because we picked horses' names out of that 19 horse field that set you and George picked worldly manner instead of charismatic.
And his nose.
So there you go.
And I figured he owes me at least 20 lacrosse on Charismatic.
What he paid for that?
Yeah, I would think so.
But if not, I'd have to have a standard fall on my own here.
And I'll give us the update because Silver Bull is out, right?
Silver Bullet Day is out.
And she could have won from the parking lot, Neil.
She's the best three-year-old in the country and I'm sorry that they decided not to run.
And what about Vickerel?
I'm fairly sure they're going to scratch Vickerel tomorrow morning, which still leaves 12 of them.
Yeah.
That's pretty good.
But that's better than 18 or 19.
That's the field in the Derby.
I never actually got to see the race.
I was an Amsterdam, haven't a great time.
Is that where you were?
Yes, I was.
Why do you guys were in Potsky and Robert and Kentucky Derby?
And of course, I could lie to you and say, well, I'm really sorry I wasn't here, but I'm not.
But you know, I'm going to see a race with 19 horses.
It's just too many.
I keep reading about all the traffic problems, which is why I know I'm always going against the logic,
but I'm going to pick excellent meetings.
You've moved to Philly, even though it's, you know,
She's got a hell of a shot.
And I don't like the Derby Winter Carismatics.
Not a warmenife tomorrow.
Really?
Well, that's just your pet day bias again, showing through you.
No, no, no, it isn't.
Now, you know why it's just this horse, both of these horses have run huge races in their last two or three starts.
And I don't think these are not machines.
They can't keep putting those bullets together.
You've got to go for a horse that, you know, that maybe had an easier trip last time or didn't have to extend themselves.
So, you know, I think you're on the right track.
And Kira's mad again.
Like I said, I never even wound up seeing the tape of the race when I got back.
But from everything I read, he just benefited from all the traffic problems that everybody else is of bad trips.
He stayed out of trouble.
Right.
Yeah.
See, the reason I'm picking excellent meeting with Kent DeSurmore is I want to see Bob Bafford on TV again to mark a bull crap on here on National TV.
That's why I'm really hoping.
You know what I'm further dying.
I'm hoping he gets on it.
It's maybe something more exciting than that.
He might.
He might.
He's a, I think he's a breath of fresh air though in our business.
Yeah, I look at a heck of a horseman.
A guy with some real personality.
Yeah.
And this horse that he's going to run, the Philly Excellent Meeting.
I mean, I think she's as good as anything in the field.
I'm just going for a little more price.
I'm going to take Stephen God even, Ken to one.
Hello.
Who's the, I'm almost think you're always out there on a limb.
And then, and then, and then everybody in this audience knows because you do this every year.
Then when you go on a year tomorrow on ABC, you'll pick something else.
I don't know.
You won't.
You're going to stick with this one.
You're going to stick with this one.
You're going to stick with this one.
Who's going to be riding Stephen God even?
Gary Stevens.
He was going to ride silver bullet day and when, when that didn't happen, Xero took him off for you.
That's right.
Because my, yeah, and Gary Stevens, of course, is hottest of pistol.
He wins the big ones.
He won last week with real quiet who won the pre-
and then he's going to be like, oh, I'm going to be like, oh, I'm going to be like, oh, I'm going to be like, oh, I'm going to be like, oh, I'm going to be like, oh, I'm going to be like, oh, I'm going to be like, oh, I'm going to be like, oh, I'm going to be like, oh, I'm going to be like, oh, I'm going to be like, oh, I'm going to be like, oh, I'm going to be like, oh, I'm going to be like, oh, I'm going to be like, oh, I'm going to be like, oh, I'm going to be like, oh, I'm going to be like, oh, I'm going to be like, oh, I'm going to be like, oh, I'm going to be like, oh, I'm going to be like, oh, I'm going to be like, oh, I'm going
to be like this, I'm sorry. and just do the memory buy the driver's color. so you know who it is because they were the same colors to be right?
by drivers color. so you know who it is because they were the same colors every rate.
They're giving away all of our secrets, but at any rate, Jack E. Lee one's color race and it was from track to track.
freehold and net owes and wherever and the drivers instead of wearing their usual colors
They wore all the same colors they all wore yes
And I had somewhere I have that on tape okay and Jackie Lee I'm gonna tell you Jack
First of all the meadows as you know is a five eighth mile track and Jackie for years did Roosevelt and
Freehold half mile tracks they went to the half mile pole six times in this race and Jackie moe had to lead
17 different times and then coming into the stretch from far behind here comes Jackie moe on the outside to win the race
He could pour Jack he called Jackie moe. I don't know how many different times did I raise because they were all wearing the same color
You can't do that. Yeah, yeah, I never call baseball game
Huh I couldn't ever call a baseball game or a football game. No, we're the same color. Yeah, that's a good point. That's a good point
Well, it's great here in your voice and you sound richer than ever. Welcome back to the United States. Yeah, sure
It's easy for you to say well. I'm really sorry
I want you to believe this with all your heart
I'm really sorry that I was over there having a great time in Amsterdam and Cologne, Germany
Why do you wear in during the derby but well?
One of us some of us have to stay and work there you go, but George did a good job picking for you
And he picked prime timber who who finished fourth my horse Vicar could finish 18 so yeah, whatever the best where I
You know, I gotta pay well if you're running the Hank yet up there. Yeah, we had do we've had a lot of laughs so far
Yeah, and we worked together on the on the draw on Wednesday night and and you notice he's like he's lost
A person since you saw him last he is what a what a great guy. He is yeah, and just a terrific
Human being but a good broadcaster and a great horse player
I really have a lot of fun and he's he's alive another year now lost a lot of weight great. Okay. Thanks Dave
Hey, you know take care and we'll talk to you before the bell won 100 across an excellent meeting you got okay
Thanks, bye bye. Okay. There's Dave Johnson who'll be calling a precness on ABC tomorrow
And what do I know I just I like Kent to so remote. I like to fact I'm reading there every time I read a horse has got traffic problems
Blocked whatever else. That's the horse. I like and of course they usually lose oh
Thank God we got a little bit of a diversion and when they come out for the post parade by the way
Be sure and watch very carefully for horse number zero
What are these people talking about what are they saying can this pie this has got to be like a
Hot-candy camera thing candid radio got to be
Alan's thought rhymes with
But he's got to be around summer behind this. He's got to have his finger in the air
10 minutes after 11 at 560 WQM you know
My a
My a
My a
My a
My a
Hi kids y'all like cut little stinkers that's my little sound that comes right out your fingers
One of coffee me and do exactly like I do get paid for writing little songs about
My brains are gone. I'm trying to get my groove on but I can't figure out which spice girl I'm gonna fart on
Dr. Dre ass yo made you pass
Yeah, no, what do I smell as
Well since age 12 it seemed like I always smell that
Gripping gases and juice was pretty swell. I got this off when I took my jeans off and bought it so hard
It turned my under a backwards like crisscross and every night. I'm like oh
Dinner that then one of my ass fasted a fat bitch you ain't too fat smell this money
No, wait a minute girl, cuz I don't give a god set me to think the world up
My a
My a
I
My a
My a
I can see to water me kick down back in junior high said the problem was something cold up my ass and die
I shot him in the face with my vapor the worst happened later when I covered his desk with you's toilet paper
Walk in the strip club my dressers will fill the
Moons of bartending took a dump in a kit come up with over to a dance ahead of fucking her garbage
She lifted a leg up and I do she was a father
Night and night center my life. I was lied to I just found out my mom got all gas and I do
Polaroid for a walk to be a famous rapper
Make a racket about strange doing this made on the crap
You know you was dirt when the women first leave
Drowned the back but she wasn't
This guy white gas set was pretty cool, but I had to go go drop the kids off and move
My a
a
My a
I
1117 is 560 w2. I'm your normal logical station for the
29th century. So let's get this straight. Okay, so we start with the year zero one two three four five six seven eight nine
There's ten. Okay, zero through nine. There's the first decade
Are you following that zero through nine? It went on for all the zero people
And how do you write it? How many how many years are there in a decade?
10 but the first one is zero the last one is nine
And how do you write a zero in Roman numerals? There isn't any
But okay five six seven oh five sixty pond five sixty on the AT&T wireless line all these buildings in Rome
If you want to go over there, you'll see all the says on oh zero everybody look on oh
Here's a bokeh. Hello
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I think I got the this solved here. Okay. It's pretty tough
How many years have actually passed?
How many years have passed? Yeah, how many years have passed?
1999 and whatever how many of our fraction of it was
1999 years of past and we're working on a year 2000 right?
I beg your pardon if night one thousand nine hundred nine and nine
Oh 1998 years of past plus part of this one. Yes. Why that's that's it
There is no zero no
Years of actually passed yeah 1998 five months. Well, why do we have to come how why do we have to complicate that when we get to the point of
January 1st 2000 how many years will it pass 2000? Okay?
No
Like I said 2001 how many years will it pass to see now you're making complicated right? Yeah, when you want to hit 2001
Sir, let me say it again fingers and toes one two three four mark these down. Okay, how many bottles of beer on a wall mark them down
In units of units of five or ten whatever's convenient for you. I mean, why is this difficult?
One through a thousand that's a thousand years one thousand through two thousand that's the next thousand years two thousand what
2001
That's what I said one thousand one. That's what I said one thousand one through two thousand is the second
I've already been through this I said this an hour and fifty minutes ago
Well, me I wasn't so confused back then because it was very clear and very common very obvious to me now. I think I'm losing my mind
Papa Papa Papa Papa Papa Papa Papa Papa Papa Papa Papa Papa Papa we're just talking about counting freaking numbers here as all we're talking about
This guy's asking me well how many years have passed how many
Pass this pass gas
God
Anything that starts with one your infant your your guppies into an a your band your goal fish in the pool out there
They know how many years have passed okay
Oh, no and that woman with a zero she I'm serious. She I'd like I'd like to uh
I'd like to perform the lobotomy myself with a very rusty old scalpel. I'd like to have a little work on her or her brain used to be
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a 18 T wireless line
Here's Miami. Hello. No, yes, sir
You would just come confused now, and it's not just as simple as
One two three because we're talking in fractions not in
No, we're not talking in fractions. We're talking at the end of a complete year
We're not talking about fractions. We're talking what happens at the end of the year 2000
I agree with you, but let me tell you where people people that want to confuse the matter and muddy the waters
Those are the ones that want to keep talking about fractions. We're not talking fractions
Let me tell you where the confusion exists if you start I agree with you you start in the year one
Now that's a good starting point you don't complete
One year until the end of the first
365 days of year one if the Armageddon came at
180 days of year one how many years that you have
Okay, 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line. Here is with the Armageddon. Okay. Are you following this?
Here is a Wilton Manor. Hello
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Two simple questions. Uh-huh. If there is a year zero is there a year double zero? Yes
And also they're both green by the way there you go. These people that celebrate the millennium on 2000
Are they going to celebrate on January 1st to January 0?
January 0
Thank you. Thank you. Have a nice day. Yeah, that's that's good
I was born on January 0 the year 0 so you must be a big zero
I think that's what we got we have a lot of people in the audience who are big zero is maybe they can relate to it
We just can't it's just not in our vocabulary
5 6 7 0 5 60
Are you following me 5 6 7 5 60 and pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line
So anyway, getting back to Tom jick is peace here in the paper which eventually I will soon relate here once we get this all straightened out
Good picture of what's his name?
Howard looks like Howard like I said I sure like being a photograph right next to him all the time
He's got all the money and I look how great I look not not you know generally speaking but next to him. I look fantastic
And Tom goes on about the pounding beat of WDDR still number one in sunflower radio but when it comes to personality driven programming
Neil Rogers
Howard Stern remain unbeatable
And he goes on about EDR did this and radio mom beat the debt and WL radio of Oromancia and power 96 and but I beat but it will
But kiss and hot and the love and 8 million FM stations
Many says among stations with specialty format sports dominated QA and finished in the time for 13th and all news
IOD tied for 20th but of course he doesn't say what demographic he's talking about I assume 12 plus which is meaningless
Then he goes on to say proving my point most radio sales are not conducted on the basis of the 12 and over demographic
The 25 to 54 audiences one of the most evidently sought by sponsors and it is here that Rogers and Stern rule
Among the entire audience Rogers ten aimed at 2 p.m. Programmer and third in this time period
Fababon goes on about this and providing a great lead in the Hank Goldberg whose program has the station second highest ratings
Actually Rogers audiences even more finally targeted men 25 to 54 and this demographic had been there
He's a runaway number one and then Howard does this and that number one with English speaking audience number one among English speakers and people 25 54 and
Heading shoulders among men in the skirt set of ensoulin
Then he goes on to say Stern has said the cost WBGG about a half million dollars a year
A previously unheard of figure for a syndicated program many of which are available virtually for free
Rogers is even more pricey
His contract with wqm makes it possible with ratings bonuses for him to become the only million dollar man in shot Florida radio
The drawing power of both superstars shows that in radio as in life you get what you pay for
Thank you Tom nice job excellent
Is there anything in here about the i and z by the way?
See there's nothing about i and z and to the stupid talk because if
Just like I predicted I told you so I know my customer here if he would have written about them at all
He would have had to write about the Rickens butt and he hates Rick right on the like poison so he won't do it
Because I think that is the story don't you the fact that they did that mean that's a big switch
In fact a story behind the story about the fact that they were gonna get canned and the
Requirely went to beat bouldered said you got no mornings
You'll give us a shot in the mornings and they've goose their numbers way up to the highest they've ever had since they changed the format
And what's your name is drop the numbers out of sight answer
But he won't do that because he hates the requirement basically
So nice going Tom. Thank you for all the nice things and nice picture, but you know, it just continues to be the same
5 6 7 0 5 60 top 5 60 on the AT&T line. Here's Miami. Hello. Hi there. No. Yes, sir
Before I go on man, let me let me say man hearing that article and then I'm surprised
I think it's stuck to the little thing to the newspaper. That was such a good structure and job
Anyways about this all this all year zero everybody likes a little suction sir. Yeah, let me do it anyways
You know about this all year zero thing. Yes, you see what we're talking about the um the calendar that was created by the
Psychoic Christians and in this calendar the year zero was considered first
Anodominic year the first 80 year the year um theoretically sir. There was no year zero. There is no such thing
No, what what none of the year zero is well, why do you keep saying the year zero? There is no there is no
Because there isn't any because the year zero is the first year anodominic no
Based on the Christian calendar. Hey based on what where do you find that? Where's the documentation for that?
Okay
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 8
What no he was just taking a deep breath
I'm you know, it's just amazing to me how many ignorant people are out there and their life and at us
They think we're stupid. Here's the fact that says from our big fan Havier
When a human is born he is not one year old. He begins at zero
When a year is completed he turns one. That's why people are confused yada yada yada
Havier well, I hate to break the news to a Havier
But all you people are want to muddy the waters and make this into a big
Convaluta song. You know what this is like a pissing contest. You guys are dumb. We're smart. Okay. Okay
Whatever you say you're smart George and I are stupid
Gilbert, the genius were stupid
Comparing apples with oranges like the guy wanted to talk about the year 1990 be in the decades of the 90s
Apples and oranges. It's got nothing to do with the passage of time based on the calendar that was designated
Is starting with the year one. That's what they designated the first year to be
They could have said like the guy said from Vegas. They could have designated as double zero. Okay
007
But it was year one and as of December 31st the year one when that year finished one year had been completed
Like December 31st at the end of the year 2000
Two thousand years will have been completed on the calendar
We didn't invent the goddamn calendar the glium invented it. Okay, so don't blame us
And here's here's the best one
A fact that says you are stupid
Acceleration point. Yeah, we're stupid
I must be awful stupid what time jikersat was making a year here
Arguing with people about what you already kind of year you talking about yeah exactly
We're sitting here laughing and how ignorant you are it said you have no conception of time
That's because we got a crappy clock in here by the way
All the way do have a good watch on your 10th birthday you are 10 not when you turn 11
Yeah, isn't that what we just said when they finished the first 100 years they finished 100 years one through 100
That was 100 years very good when you are 10 years and one day old you're in your eleventh year and on your second decade
When you turn 11 you've already completed one year of your second decade
Let me illustrate how you're thinking is wrong and now we start with the apples the oranges and all the other fruits
Here we go military time oh oh 30 which is 30 minutes into the day
At old 100 see the problem is we don't have a military calendar
We're talking about measures of time artificially invented by man
That's what we're talking about man invented a calendar with his artificial uh, you know the idea like February has the
28 days except uh every four years. It's got the whatever it's got you know
man made artificial bullcrap
At old 100 now we're in it is end of the day you think because there's no
Our number that no time is passed right that's right when I go to Europe and they're on military time
I think that if it's uh, oh 100 no time is passed right
Therefore when it's oh 200 two hours of pass, but you would say no
Only one has because you're starting from one not from zero
You see I hate to break the news to you, but military time starts at zero the calendar does not
Okay, the reason you can't compare fingers and apples to time is because they're units of one
Years have components called days and months when you have your first birthday you have ended your first year and I began the year
You see what I'm saying? We're not arguing about how old man is we're talking about an artificially invented calendar period
That's all
And if the first year was designated as the year one at the end of 2000 of those same years
That's the end of two millennia period 2000 years one through 2000
Not complicated
You don't have to count on your fingers. He says I haven't heard such ignorance since George said the white man killed 170 million Indian
They're never oh here. They're never was 170 million Indians alive in North America ever. They never was
I said 50 to a hundred never was
Not they're never were there never was
I'm dumb and stupid. Yeah, I thought you were dumb and stupid
I is you be
Wow
See here we go. We got all these suit. They're all smarter than we are
This is what this this is what these shows are all about
They're the experts worth of morons and they sit out there so they can laugh at them great. That's great. I'm glad we're giving you some good laughs
It's 11 3 4 in the morning and hour and 34 minutes has passed
I haven't had a response like this until last time we gave away a thousand dollar bills
I mean this is unbelievable
And
They're all adamant. They're adamant
And it's like it's this is just like these discussions about religion
You start out at point a and then all of a sudden they're at point x y and z
They start bringing all these extraneous things from left field because they can't that there's nothing to argue
There's nothing to debate
There's nothing to debate. It's an artificially designated number
One makes sense to me, especially based on an American system
You wouldn't have a year zero anyway. Why the hell would you have the year zero? How could you have a year zero?
And at the end of 365 days in year one and the first year you had completed one year
Yes, that's right you completed year one January 1st. That was the beginning of year two very simple
We're not talking about babies and how long they've been alive when their birth is we're not talking about that
We're talking about a calendar invented by man passage of time passage of two thousand of these units called years
At which point the two thousand and first one will be the beginning of the third thousand years the third millennium got it you got it
No, I'm sure you don't
Here's a mobile and avansura hello. Oh
Oh nice talking to you. Yeah, they all of a sudden ran like a yeah put their tail between their legs
Probably chasing some Indians
Here's coral springs hello
Hello, yes sir. Okay. All right. I got this out of the
Encyclopedia here which should cover everything up. Okay. The
System it was based the one the dating system a D it was based. Oh, sorry. I got a call coming in. Okay was based on
The year christ was born
so
It's something happened in a D 500 that means it took place 500 years after the birth of christ
So it didn't happen
501 years after the birth of christ if there was a year zero then that means that something in 500 AD
Happened 500 and one years ago, which it didn't so
That's what I got from the encyclopedia. Okay, great. Well, I go on burn it right now. Okay. Thank you
You see what I'm saying?
This is the only way you could complicate this is by doing what they're doing bringing in all these things
I'm gonna lock this door. I'm serious. I can't I cannot never walk outside again
All the way after that great thing from Duncan doen't this morning. I have to make this go
Unhaul that was real good by the way. Thank you guys. You have to be terrified of me
Although if you do bring some crap in I'll be sure to talk about it on the year
Oh, what are we gonna do about our friends at culligan by the way they don't even have a spot today
But I think that feel compelled to talk about then how great they are about a jackass that the agency guy is you know
And agency people are assholes that lip off guy mark lip off
In fact, that's our poll question. Who's the bigger asshole mark lip off or Todd Dreck here in our sales department
But I think it's a tie it's a dead heat
Let's continue here. It's a very educational day for me today. I'm learning a lot like maybe don't come back Monday
Here's poppin. Oh, hello. Hey Neil. How you doing? Okay, um first of all did I say you were giving away a thousand dollars? Yeah, sure
No, I think we're gonna wait zero, which is what they're obsessed with today. That's what we're giving them zero
Well, you know, I agree with you what you're saying at one to a hundred that's very obvious
Hey, what thank you what people don't understand is or what people are thinking is that the at January 1st of the of the new year
Yes, that's what they're saying starts the year
So what they're saying is the year goes from the year
1000 to the year 2000 is two years because it's starting
the year from the year 1000 to 2000 is two years is no is a thousand years
Okay, from the year 1000 to the year 2000 is a thousand year. That's not correct. Okay, but they're going
From the one thousand and one thousand and a thousand years
I'm just saying because when you start counting you start with one exactly
But what they're saying is that because January 1st of the year 2000 starts the first year
That's what it starts. So they're saying January 1st year 2000
To jent to december 31st year 3000 would be a thousand years
That's what they're saying. Yeah, I wonder wrong. Okay, now let me ask you one question
Let me look at the first 30 stop stop and listen to me. Okay, I'm listening to me
You got you got ten fingers like I do right? Remember I agree with you. I understand. I don't care
What do you agree or not because you're you're you're mudding the waters
Okay, don't have to go through this because people are gonna start counting under fingers and toes in thousands
We're all you're talking about units of 10. Okay, one if you if you eliminate the zero one through 10 is 10
Okay, period. There's a zero on 10 just like the year is near a thousand
But nevertheless one through 10 is 10
But the one had to start someplace right and the one starts January 1st
Yeah, that's what they're saying. That's what who's saying? That's what everybody is missing
That's not what they're saying. They're saying that that year was zero that the that the year one started
The second year January 1st, which is not right. Yeah, now. Okay, and have a great day. Oh
God, oh my god, we're exactly
This is
I have no words. I really am I'm in a loss for the first time in my life. I'm at a total loss for words to describe this experience
Papa Papa Papa Papa Papa Papa Papa Papa. Just keep going. Okay. It's already almost noon
Market's taking a good little bit of inflation fear there. Oh, yeah, there's a not nothing really substantial
But there's just a little
They must have known I bought a whole bunch of stock again yesterday
Now it's down 173 the next next down. I want to give you a kiss 36. Yeah
Ow
What's the matter honey? This hard crusty snot. It's impossible to dig out it hurts
That used to be me, but now since I discovered boogie
Boogie's you mean by the beading? Oh Philly
Boogie
It liquefies dried stubborn snot on context so it slides right out here give it a try. Okay
Now blow
Hey
Boogie's works great take a look
I'll say it works looks like you pick me a winner from now on. I'm gonna get boogers better with boogie
You know see I hate to break the news to you some of you pseudo and lexels out there everything that we measure is
artificially determined by man we make all these units of measurement up
So that's the reason there's a difference between our the time that we use and military time
We don't say oh well. It's a zero in the morning
We don't say that because that's not the way we measure time in this country
So artificially designed
But all these all these idiotic examples of well, you know, baby doesn't start the one-year-old
No, he doesn't start one-year-old, but you know something at the end of the first year from the date of his birthday
He's one-year-old that was the first year of his life
Just like the year one was the first year and it can measure the calendar
Anybody know anyone that was born on January 0 on mark 0
We don't use the number zero in terms of the calendar in terms of base. It's not used. There's no such thing
Unleapier doesn't that have to be where he's wrong and even and even if we did
It doesn't make any difference because uh, this is so I'll exasperating
In other words in that first year no matter what we called it no matter what you called it
Let's say nobody called it anything
Nobody designated that year as anything at the end of the year at midnight December 31st at the end of the first year
We would have completed year one
A.D. Recorded time in my right. Oh, there you go
So what's the debate so January 1st the next day becomes the first day of year two
One and a tool and a three and you got Lawrence Walken Ricky Martin getting in
Who knows those trace. Oh, don't start singing Ricky. Please. No don't do it
Jesus Christ and all the all these people and you wonder why people blow each other's brains out
Why nobody in this country should be allowed to be anywhere near a gun
man
And they're and they're hostile about it. They're they're adamant about it
Just like the god freaks out there. Oh, yeah. Well the Henry somebody invades there has to be a crater somewhere. Why?
So
Those mosquitoes out there that are chewing yuppah this spring and summer and somebody create them and if so why do how they do it
So you're nearly I would throw this in the waist basket but because I adopted my new attitude the kinder gentler Nielis week
except for D.Fa and his stupid taxes
Come meet the host of the new Motorsports Saturday show Joe Costello
With the QAM van today at 12 30 at Hooters and Pemberpine to the corner of Pines University drive and maybe show Joe your feet
Yeah, that's a good idea
Joe he hates feet. He's obsessed it and maybe he'll even shave your nuts for you
Joe will have tickets to the American Racing League races for next weekend at the homestead Motorsports Complex and complementary passes to golf Expo 99
This weekend in Boka
Oh boy
And then if you said oh, we got to do this is a favor for George Corso. We got to give people out of that
Racing crap down there. Okay. Whatever you say 12 30 Hooters at Pemberpine Pines and University go say how to Joe Costello
Bring some laporo pictures for him to okay. It's really a nervous
Start exposing him to what life is really all about
It's more to life than just shaving your nuts Joe
Here's West Palm Beach hello
Hello, Neil. Maybe shaving somebody else's yes sir. Yeah, this brings up a couple of pertinent points. Yes
one
When the when the score is zero to zero in a ballgame kid do you think you say there's no score no and
Zero is a number zero. So you can't say there's no score. It's incorrect
And the other day I'm kind of questioning the existence of zero must tell
Yeah, okay
I think looking in the mirror would prove it to you
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
You can hear it in the voices can't you?
Kind of that like 60 cycle tone, you know the like that
As in you can't complain about this personality because he doesn't have one
Here's a Pemberpine tell oh hello, yes sir listen
You just said what I was gonna say when a baby is born is he zero? No at the end of 365 days is he one year old?
Yes, if you're gonna take a trip 365 miles away one is your trip completed halfway a quarter of the way or when you get it
When you get there that's the end of your trip
Yeah, 365 miles would be right about the Jacksonville I think that would be the I think you're right
Oh boy
You know something I think my gallbladder is gonna burst and I had it taken out years ago
But I think it's gonna make it come back. I think I'm gonna pass a stone
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT we're right, God damn it
You said I'm a bitch you wrong. We hate you
If it'll make you feel better um, it's the year 50. What whatever you want? Okay. What do you want to call it? What would make you happy?
What would pass if I you
See once again, what what disturbs them is that they've been sucked in by all the hype
And I was sucked in by all the hype because I don't think about these things until George mentioned a few days ago
Just in passing that the end of the second millennium would be at the end of the year 2000
That would be the passage of two thousandfold years on the calendar and then the first day of the third millennium would be January 1st
2001 and it's very very obvious. It's common sense. I said oh, yeah, you know, you're right
Didn't bother me that I had been wrong that I've been
Can because who cares about these things?
Like I said, I mean if these are the kinds of things that you've got time to worry about in your life then
hey
Got a lot of Chinese people like to come over here. Not the ones that are throwing all the crap in the streets by the way
I'm talking about people at least you can cook
North Miami Beach hello. Hey my nigga nil. Yes, sir. Hey
I'd like to remind all the Christians out there that cc is not before Christ before cesar
The cesar is the one who invented the calendar. Yeah, so I'd just like to let them know that and uh is there god no
Is there heaven no and keep harping on it. Okay, Georgie harp junior
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 t line Warren harp
Let's start doing old harness racing named Vetschadwrap to show up real fast
We got Kim Bo camper for hang to a clock
Six o'clock we got to talk at baseball with Donnie B briefly before that big
Marlon's at the brewers game 7 35 tonight. Any no
How about those maple leaves, huh?
They're cigarette a surgey burs and I said he's got to come through. Okay, Sundine's been doing great
They woke his ass up, but I said they're during the game last night to John who was rooting big time for the penguin
I said we got to get burs and going again
When you're leading goal scorers score 37 goals during the season is in a coma
We got to get him going first he hits the post he goes in it gets the rebound it's sitting there and but I'm being and that's it
So no matter what happens from here on at least at least this team is putting on a good performance putting on a good show and thank god for them
Here's western hello
Anya sir
There had to be a U0 because um at the beginning of the first at the beginning of the calendar there was January 1st
And each month contributes that first year so you don't get to one year until the end of that first
So you're using logic the first year was designated as year one
No, if you were to write the first year
Let me say it again. No, if you were to write the first year you were you can keep saying no all you want
I'm just telling you the way the calendar works you you can keep saying no
It's like looking at the moon and saying that it isn't there. It's not going away like next year if you're to write January first
I don't care what you write one the calendar
One the zero zero the year one and back when the first calendar back off this okay
560 505 60
Yeah, I was born to march zero and a year zero zero zero zero
Congratulations to you
You
Here's Coral Springs hello nail yes, sir very easy to solve there's nothing to solve I don't have three here
I first I disagreed with you in George and I
Stand corrected and this is how you solve it at the end of year one
365 days at pass. Yes at the end of year 1999
7729635. Okay. Thank you
Well, here's the whole thing about why 2k by the way
It says does it come as any surprise that lawyers have had seminars and how to profit from why 2k
All and also here in this article what's this from what is this what magazine somebody faxes me is this from
Rodin track
Rodin track magazine boy Joe Castillo would be proud
It's just by the way that we all know that the new century doesn't actually begin until January first
2001 let's agree to use the word millennium to describe all the neat zeros of 01010
This is by Dennis Simon a. I a this in
Rodin track
Technology update why 2k doomsday or melodrama would you be driving it all on January first 2000?
Let me repeat that paragraph again. Okay, fraud you intellectuals out there who were laughing and I was stupid. We are over here
By the way though
We all know that the new century doesn't actually begin till January first 2001
Let's agree to use the word millennium to describe all the neat zeros of 01010
Here you go as in
And it's not interesting. He says though we all know that the new century
I've in other words any of us who really thought about it for more than five seconds
And they got a brain and can figure this out
So you can keep calling it whatever you want you can call me svoe you can call me boe but it's year one
And it makes sense that it's year one the first year has got to be year one
How could it be year zero? Oh
Yeah, but it wasn't to look the end of the first year they completed a year
But it still was the first year it's still year one
It's like the guy says about when you're one year old that was the first year of your life
That was the first year at least a d a recorded time
Maybe nobody did nothing that year
Oh
I mean you're making use my argument for me and I try to turn it around
Yeah, but military time y'all that's got a lot to do with this military time
Well, don't forget that if I said in an hour and five minutes it's gonna be 1300 people
You know what they would be doing they'd be going
like that
This guy wants to start with military time and the what's the use in euro by the way that we don't do that here
Okay, it's got actually it's it's not only apples and oranges. It's it's come quats and uh
Current
That was down 163 the Nasdaq's down 32 points. Wow. That's a way it goes. You know a little bit of panic there looking for an excuse to start getting panicky because it's all based on crap anyway
Willie are you still in the bathroom?
Little Willie Stanford just found something amazing and his life will never be the same guy
He sure is in there enough a lot are you all right in there Willie?
Coming soon the theaters everywhere
When I found my dad's for us Willie birded all the clinics go and let's just all over the floor
Were you eating in here again from depressed and awkward teens to the happiest guy in school?
Willie Stanford has found heaven in his father's whole chest
Oh, it's okay mom you and dad go out. I'll stay here and watch the house
I don't mind when I found my dad's
rated PG 13 all kids aged 13 must see the still okay at the minute past noon at 560 double to minute past zero
Here on the WQA in so anyway the forum you know the hysterical
Everybody's doing it in the parks and at the sawgrass handout newspaper
Whole kinds of letters to the editor it says we've received numerous complaints about last week's front page story cruising for sex and margate and the creek
And of course this was by the same broad that wrote the other story and the other local whatever that what is this the forum?
In the addition out there in sunrise about all the cruising of the sawgrass mills mall even the security people are said
We don't know what they're talking about. There's nothing going on here, but she's obsessed. She's looking for glory holes
And it's got a whole a several of these letters are saying that even if this stuff is going on
This is supposed to be like a community newspaper and it's picked up off the front stoop and little kids are reading it
Why do you have to put all this stuff in your huh? Yeah
Maybe maybe that maybe this is part of a hidden agenda, you know it
Maybe the forum is trying to and they also actually mentioned the website in there
Which they got a lot of heat and remember I wouldn't read it on the air the website that tells all these people where the hot spots for cruising are for all this public sex
Which I refuse to read on the year and it says well to print the fact that website exists and information that contains
Then not to identify the site with not an incredible journalism
You don't have to print this site and then you could have said well if you know if you want to know the site call us up or whatever
We have the name of the site on file, but for obvious reason we don't want to publish it because we don't want to promote it
That would have been credible journalism
But anyway, that's the four lines journalism a little crappy, you know what that is, you know what these papers are
Those are the things that you find on the drivel and those little apply, you know
Like a real newspaper except all mashed up in the rain and they have to keep picking them up and throwing them out
Yeah, little kids are reading this yeah, little kids are reading those huh
So keep it up keep looking for glory holes. Okay, all over town. I'm sure you'll find plenty of them
Keep them off the streets keep them looking for those heavy-duty cruising spots
Let me just read that one paragraph again. Okay, because it's just
It's just by the way though. We all a L L all no
The acceptance of Florida that the new century doesn't actually begin till January 1st 2001
See before you can start the third thousand years you have to complete the first two thousand years
Years one true two thousand that's two thousand years the first year of the third thousand
The third millennium will be two thousand and one. Oh, now that's what I said two hours ago
It was simple. It was very common sense. There was nothing controversial about it
There was nothing revolutionary a child could figure it out and here we've been bombarded with hysteria
With taxes. Oh, you're so goddamn stupid you guys
Here's a mobile import lottery welcome to stupid radio. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes, sir
Uh, it's very simple why people can't break out of their straight jacket at mine and understand that why is that please tell me tell me why
It's the old baby issue
They can't make that leap of logic between the way they count the passing of their life and the way the calendar counts the passing of time
Yeah, but like I said at the end of the first year that's where all the arguments go about the oh window because at the end of the first year
You've completed one year and at the end of a year from when a baby is born
It's completed its first year so it's one year old
But your people have been conditioned to thinking okay my first year
I'm not one until I reach the end of the year in an adit wait wait a minute
In addition, which as far as the counting of time is concerned
How could you have completed the first year and then go out of the January 1st of the second year and said okay
Well, this is January 1st year one you couldn't you couldn't do that. It's the second year
Right when when people were hanging
There should never have been a year zero and there wasn't
Right when people were hanging calendars on their wall the calendar didn't have a big zero on the top
It said January for zero no right it said January 1st one on the calendar right because you have to start at number one
Right, but people keep thinking that the whole baby analogy that well
I won't be one until I read it and let me say it again. There is no zero in Latin. There is no zero
They had no number zero. I mean there's an expert ten they go by X's though in multiples of ten and see and whatever
But there is no zero right and what further confuses them is then after you reach the age of one
You're still a one-year-old until you get to the second year right you finish your second year
And the end of the second year guess what you're two years old just like at the end of two years we had passed two years
It's two different ways here. Look at listen to me. I'm sitting here on the year talking to the supposed man adult audience saying at the end of the first two years
We had completed two years. I mean is this profound or what huh?
Well, you know, that's why Stanley Kubrick called his movie 2001
Because even back then people understood that until the year 2001
We do not begin the new millennium. I don't know if they would have just talked during the movie
They might have told people about it. They would have kept so quiet have a great day pal. Okay, see
Yeah, that's right. That's it. Nobody heard anything about it because they what are they saying what are they you know
Here don't delay
Was that unlike a seven-second delay
Oh
I've been doing this for 600 years
And I'm sitting here today saying at the end of the first two years two years had passed
And people are arguing with me about it. That's the best part. Oh, no, you're wrong. Oh, yeah. Yeah
I could be searching for
Seeds in my rectum and eat more productive than this
Maybe now I'm earning as much money, but more productive
Here's more lottery deal. Hello. I knew how you're doing. Okay. You know I'm changing a subject
Because the expert says 2001 if they say it's 2001 it's 2001
I want to talk about something else. You know how the right wingers are saying we should have
Bibles of schools about the violent. Oh, yeah, that'll do it. Yeah, what's your management? Bibles lot of prayer
Well, the thing is what's more violent than the old testament right god tells Josh would kill every man woman child and animal
They're babies baby lovers and killing babies right on one more and George was right
There were no dinosaurs in the Bible. He's absolutely right much less flying ones by the way and it's no Neanderthal
They better not look at this week's news. We can see about how they are first birds. You know the dinosaurs that yeah, right
That's your evolution. They better not look. Oh, I'll say that sir. You're gonna burn in hell. Did you read that guy in the Sun?
Central said if we take your discovery channel always talks about evolution with Neanderthals and dinosaurs
We shouldn't teach that we should teach everybody we came from it's Adam and Eve and talking to snakes right speaking in the end of the fall right
Okay, god bless you
I mean a religion thing is just I mean on the face of it but but now I'm glad we had this experience today now
I don't feel so frustrated and so bad about them trying to convince people how obvious all this other silly stuff is
When people have got their brain locked. I mean it is closed
Somebody took out the key they heaved it away and once they've got all the stuff locked in there, baby. You'll never get it out
Like I would like all these kids that get into these cults and then they have to put them through all this deep programming and sometimes it never works
Because once they brainwash them sufficiently they're like uh, they're going
And they're drinking Kool-A eaten at the bad pudding and getting their nuts not only shaved but chopped off
I was beginning to get in a nut shave by the way don't forget Joe Costello. What do I do with that thing? That's your without
I hope not
I sure hope not because then default get all upset even though he's got nothing to do with this one
I think I did throw it out
Well, they're at the Hooters at University in the Pines in Pember Pines starting at 1230
And they got tickets to oh here it is
Go see Joe Costello showing her feet. Why does this overhead every now and then like this just start taking off on its own?
What are you doing? Are you poaching with it or what? I was right that wow wow man that's where it always goes. Okay now it's better because I just turned it down
Anyway, if you're looking for a fast easy reliable access to the internet so you can go on there and ask you know get on some of those chat rooms
And ask them about this very important topic and say all you geniuses on the internet here, you know
But if you want to get on there do like have what I've done for the last year and a half and that is use mind spring because mind spring
Get you on there hooked up immediately if not sooner
In theaters now it's the totally new Star Wars Yoda get caught on R2D2
I was just wondering you are a female
Yoda breaks up with R2D2 showing now no robots were injured during the filming of this movie
Knowing now in the theater they use
Okay, here's a article at somebody fax me millennium bug Christmas 2000 maybe closer than we think
It says forget the Y2K computer meltdown these are restaurant reservations for New Year's Eve of 1999 and the forthcoming
Church celebration to the 2010 anniversary of Christ birth the great millennial milestone has already happened just a few weeks ago
Or it will occur a few weeks from now
So say the calculations of certain specialists in the arcane field of biblical chronology if they're right most modern scholars are wrong
And this is virally a Christmas to remember it gets very complicated but take heart the following will be a highly simplified account to begin
The year AD one isn't the year AD one
Everyone who looks at the data agrees that strangers it seems
Jesus was born before Christ not anodomani
The man whose blood history and the BC and AD on the basis of the first Christmas was Dionysius exogenous
Exogenous Agnus, whatever was
What is it?
That guy that Roman yeah, Dio
In AD 525 Dionysius the little they call him but that's a lot simpler
Great idea but this Roman monk had two problems first he was no zero year
Isn't that what we've been saying all day today? Uh-huh
So he figured Jesus was born on December 25th of 1 BC and New Year's Day of AD a 1 came one year one week later
Are you following that?
Say it again
He figured that Jesus was born December 25th of BC your 1 BC
And New Year's Day of AD one came a week after that
Okay
Second Dionysius didn't have much documentary evidence to go on modern day historians have put the
Notivity to around 5 BC the whole business pivots on when the homicidal king here at the great died because Matthew 2 and Luke 1
5 report that Herod was born it was on the throne when Jesus was born
Because of the consideration from Jesus own chronology that was at the very end of Herod's long reign
And it goes on and on historians think Herod died in 4 BC a belief derived partly from details in Jewish antiquities written by the first century historian Josephus
One important clue is in his report that Herod died shortly before the animal Jewish Passover and therefore shortly after he lunar eclipse
The only one noted in Josephus massive work modern calculation show the whole of that and it goes on and on about this
But you know something he doesn't have anything to do with anything
This is this is all you know bottom line is there was no years ago
Yeah, very clearly the guy who invented the calendar didn't use the year 0 the first year and it says right here
AD one came a week later after Jesus was born
AD one not AD zero AD one one you got it there you go
No F and you're zero you got it there was no freaking years zero. Don't turn it up
Right, it doesn't who needs it
Default maybe the ad-default needs it good tear it up some more
You
Two hours and 15 minutes later here we sit still arguing with a bunch of people a bunch of basket heads who refused to accept the fact
There was no you there is no number zero in Latin. It doesn't exist
The first zero appears as in units of 10 with X 10
Got it no
Here's Boker hello
Hi, how you doing? No, okay sir hey
The Christians started using a calendar that the decide would begin it with they thought was modern times the birth of Christ
Yeah, and called that point in time year one AD which because that did die nice this guys
Yeah, and they claimed that that was the year of put in they claimed the year permanent times was one BC
What people did not understand is that they had little to do with science for more towards politics?
Yeah, logically there should have been a year zero, but they felt like it was more like a jump
Like there's no space when you say logically there should be a year zero why?
Well, it's kind of like there's no space and time in between life and death either alive in your sense
Yeah, but uh, uh, they felt like or you're maybe living south Florida. Yeah, uh-huh
The TV. Oh, yeah, that makes sense, but logically it would make more sense because it would it's scientifically
It would it would equal out and it would make more sense
But uh, so basically they didn't do that it was more like a jump between
For a permanent times and then modern times and there's nothing in between here to permit it for your modern
There's nothing. Yeah, no, I'm saying no, you're in south Florida. So I think the answer is be for itself. Thank you
Now I understand what he's saying if there's a one if there's one BC then there would be like a median point would be zero
And then one AD I follow what he's saying, but they didn't do that
You follow at least what he's trying to say it makes logic to me, but what are you talking logic you talking about a Roger religious nuts?
Let's
Let's keep the religion out of this. Okay, let's just accept the fact that this guy who invented a modern calendar called the first year
1 AD AD 1 period no zero there it is every piece of information that we got here from Airbnb article from people forget about me forget about George
There is it's obvious
Are you saying like one through a thousand is a thousand years?
It's wrong with you
Are you saying a thousand one through two thousand is another thousand years
Now are you saying that the third thousand years won't start until the year 2001? Is that what you're saying?
Communist son of a bitch
Here's Miramar hello. Yes, sir. It's called the dumbing of America. Yes, and no topic ever that I heard on the meal Roger show
I have never heard of it. We want like this. It's incredible. It's like doing bio rhythms
The dumbing of America is being completely laid out for us on your show today
Yeah, and I want to thank you for finally setting the record straight on this and I'm out
You're out. Okay. God bless you take to and call us Monday
He's out over and out
I just want let me just say one thing that might straighten this all out for a clarify the whole deal a very young Florida Gator team
I
I heard one even better than that couple of days ago. God calls up Hank about the NBA playoffs
He's I just want to say whoever's got the most horses that's the team that's going to win
And I thought about Jesus God is that profound and thank God he didn't use any cliches in there too whoever's got the most horses
That's the team that's going to win and that's like the hockey playoffs whoever's going to score the most goals
Is going to win a game?
Oh
This is this is so sweet. This is the greatest day of my life
I thought that the other day when guilty when I had that born again experience in the T-room with guilty and changed my whole outlook on this place
And I realized how wonderful everything was. I thought that was see that was only the beginning
That was just the start of of my own personal revelations
Here's Halondale hello. Yeah, sir
Did the Vatican screw around the calendar and the 1500s and I think we're on what's called the Gregorian calendar right now
I'm going to do a chant right now. Yes. Okay, because what was this the Roman monkey was I think Jeff Gregory had something to do with it
Okay, that was on the Julian counter. Yeah, is the Jewish year longer or shorter than the calendar one now
Well, that's not longer or shorter. It's just uh way ahead they they count this is like the year
I don't know six thousand or something like 59 see or something like that. Okay, because there's a shorter we go on that
He's doing the Jewish calendar doesn't the separate you know bc because the Jews don't recognize the Jesus at all
So they just come from whatever their fairytale started. Yeah from from whenever that is right
You know this is how I'm built into successful huh? This is why Phil is so successful. Yeah, you're taking one topic like that and you get are you sure? Yeah? Yeah
Can you imagine what he could do with us? Oh, yeah
And plus you know he can have a historian called in today. Tell us about the year double zero
Make them out. Okay. See you right
567 05 60 pound 560 on the mobile one line. Are you positive?
I'm entertained. I'll tell you that
We ought to be paying the audience today. I haven't had this much theater team in the health in a hell of a long time
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Me? Yes. I have I think I can clear this up for every time. Okay. Straighten this all out. Working for you. It's out there. Uh huh
Do the Marlin start and ending zero? No, they start ending one. Yeah, but the final score usually is the other team something in the Marlin
Usually a zero in their somewhere. That's a good point. Yeah, but the dolphins and the heat. Do they start in the first quarter or they start
Quarter zero quarter zero. Yeah. There we go. Okay. Thank you
And then of course there was your lotto who wore zero zero
We had a few athletes who wore zeros and then we got the many athletes who are zeros
Like oh Jay. He's even got a zero and is the name there. I don't think it's oh Jay is zero Jay
I'm gonna start calling that from now on zero Jay
Because he is a big oh and most people that hang around with him too by the way including same our promotions man who's nothing but a little uh jock sucking uh whatever he is
Rhymes with five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one on no wonder he looks so much like Andrew Kinnon in that on that deathbed you know what
Oh by the way the uh twin and jokas dela were out there any minute now any side of probably they're already no they just once
They just left here
So how am I gonna be there at 12 30? See this is the reason you guys don't get anybody to show up
You keep pushing me to plug this crap and I do mean crap and then you go out there and you show up 10 15 minutes late
And the massive crowds that I draw for you out there. They're all gone already
Think they're gonna hang around for the garbage you guys got
Any second now jokas dela on the nephew will be pulling up in the QA and fan at the Hooters and Pember Pines right on the quarter pines in university
Joe will have tickets to the american racing league races next weekend at the homestead motor sports complex
Free shave your nuts tickets and complimentary passes to go off x499 this weekend in bokeh
Anybody want this stuff? No, and at least I'm putting it on here kill some good time part of my whole new attitude
Maybe we'll do three or four these a day
Here's the Oakland par hello
Damn manega what's up? Okay
Hey
Go get Joe Rose head shaped like one of ours or like a big fat zero
Good point excellent like a huge five six seven and the ship has landed by the way
I think a joe and Leo got off one at a time
Or they're promoting this new Leo movie have you seen that
They were promoting yesterday the new Brad Pitt movie where he's like naked most of the movie or like a lot of it
And that's just fine. Okay, Brad like anybody with a brain. We're looking at that and then they got Leo who's running around looking like a mini mouse
Yeah
There's Johnny Leo bearing it for everyone to see and they're all saying oh gee put them close on
Will you please and get back on the spaceship before it takes off?
Sunrise hello
Sunrise hey new hey new yes, sir
Um
You're absolutely right on the Millilian thing. Yeah, I just if you for just idiot. Have you heard much of this conversation?
I've heard most of it all day long and I just can't believe it if people went to the bank and cast their checks
Yeah, they started from zero if you will go ballistic
And now they want zero
They're much idiot that you start from one that's what everything starts from it doesn't start from zero
They're 81
2001 at the Millennium that's the end of story. Yeah, there's nothing else
But but you see this flies in the face of everything they've been led to believe and they just
Accepted that took it for granted for so long and now they're psychotic about it
They're reacting like a bunch of little children. Well, that's that's what the religion will do to you. There you go
All right now god bless you sir
1225 on your ballbuster station here as we continue breaking down the iconic last of mankind here at QAM
Whatever that means to be able word for our crowd obviously
Although it does have several holes in it
So ain't nothing more books then sports talk radio
That's why here at five sixty WQAM in keeping with our macho image where for us at least then the breadth summers and
Sandee patient Joe starting this Monday
Join Britain sandy as they welcome their guest rift teller
Not to mention sideline reviews from great news famous in the public's bad boys only a five sixty
QAM
2560 WQAM here's a pay phone and plantation hello
Hey, no, I think I can maybe clear this up in about 30 seconds. I'm a graduate from case western reserve at Ohio
I majored in astronomy and minor in chemistry. So we deal a lot with numbers and you know units and I think what a lot of people are confused on is
Zero is a whole number because when we measure you're right about the calendar when you measure forward
You don't need to worry about zero, but we want to for instance
Talk about solar eclipses in the future or especially the past we have to go beyond
Into the negative numbers like DC123
Now when we but we have to make sure we count correctly so we can precisely predict the eclipse and everything else
So when we go from saying negative we go from BC1 to AD1 that's two years. It's not one year you have to count zero
Now that's not on the calendar. Yeah, and I think that's where everybody's going to confuse
So it's the same thing like when we do chemistry when we count centigrade from negative one to positive one
It's two units you have to count zero because there is a whole number right in that respect
So I think that's where everybody's getting confused on okay
Thanks
Okay, here's a couple of factors I just got is we're finally starting to come back to reality here after all these
movement people just the foaming at the mouth
You stupid Neil and at George
Here's one ask a NASA scientist now. We know how stupid they are right ask a NASA scientist the question high
I'm 17 years old. I'd like to know when the new millennium starts isn't the January 1st 2001
Why do people get so excited about 2000 and how do I explain this to my friends? Please help the answer
You are right that the millennium starts on January 1st 2001
There is no year zero so the oh, oh, I feel like I've had a religious experience who sent this to me God bless you
There is no year zero so the first millennium started on January 1st one CE
CE and BCE common era and before common era are the
Deedienatural terms for what used to be called AD and BC
Deedienutral terms
Let me say it again the first millennium started on January 1st one CE the day after December 31st one BCE
The first millennium ended one thousand years later on the month of December 31st
1000 morning of January 1st
And a second millennium ends a thousand years after that on December 31st 2000 slash January 1st 2001
However the year 2000 is when you'll have to throw away all your old printed checks and get new ones
It's the year that there'll be computer failures due to why two kbugs making them believe that they just jump back to century
When you buy a card typically has a few tens of a mile on its odometer
But you still celebrate when it clicks to all zeros
The main reason people will celebrate the millennium on the night of December 31st
1999 is to hold big parties
Well, yeah, and to hold them a year sooner than they would otherwise
I expect that around February 2000 people will start coming around to the belief that the millennium does indeed start with 2001 and plan their next party accordingly
David Palmer and Samar Safi Harb from NASA
Ask a NASA scientist not ask a talk show host that you want to rip on the radio or his producer who's a little relentless
Speak but ask a NASA scientist and here's one of our chronic factors who says
To complete one year you must complete 365 days at the end of one AD with complete 365 days to complete 2000 years
You must complete 730,000 days at the end of 1999. We will only have completed
729,000 635 days
At the end of the 2000 year we will have completed 730,000 days or two millennia and begin the third millennium on January 1st 2001
There you go
Oh, there it is
There is no year zero
Virginia there is no Santa Claus there is no tooth fairy. There's no goblet on your bed. There's no green hornet
There's no god. There's no bullcrap. Okay. Oh here. Let's save these. Yeah, the rocket scientist one please ask a NASA scientist
You know when I started this morning, I said this isn't rocket science and we'll have to hold two and a half hours later. We find out that it is
We have to find a NASA scientist to find out that the one and a two and a three. Oh, no those trace come on Ricky. Let's go baby
Oh my god, I feel I feel like I've had my inside scraped out whatever they call that, you know
I feel like my kiskeys have been pulled out
Here's my and their adamant. Here's my any hello. Hi near. Yes, sir
I want to ask your question at the year 2000 if you subtract the thousand or year would it be if you strike the thousand
Correct if you subtract the thousand 2000
At the year 2000. Yeah, if you subtract thousand. Yeah, why do you want to subtract a thousand? What's the point? No, a year would it be
It would be one thousand at the year 2000 you should subtract two thousand. Okay five six seven oh five sixty five sixty on the mobile one line
Is this pathetic is this a tragic?
See he's throwing off now because the NASA scientist is just boxed him in the corner. So now he's starting to mess
Let's do my knee-b. Tello
Niggadio. Yes, sir. How you doing? I'd be good. Yeah, I just wanted to talk a little bit about those two idiots out there with the van
Yeah, I guess they must have got a great idea. Got a great. They're there now by the way. They're there right now hoping to get laid
Somebody must have had a great idea for some advertising for that wonderful station years last night
I was down in the grove. They had that thing parked down in front of Murphy's
Murphy's pub
Only thing is nobody pays a meter
Yeah, there was a big fat park and ticket. All right. Let's hear it all right great
They come out of Sam's budget. Yeah, I know Greg's gonna love that one. You mind if I call somebody a douchebag
Yeah, Charlie. You're a big fat slam and soap drop in douchebag
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line so that they're now they're over there at hooters
We just got the call Joe and then if you are there waiting breathlessly for you to come by and get the crap that they're trying to give away
tickets to the merc and racially races next weekend at the homestead motor sports complex and
And if that isn't good enough to draw you out there plus the hooters babes the complimentary passes to golf
Expo 99 this weekend in Boca for those with no life and absolutely nothing else to do and by the way, Joe Castello once every once in a
Not miss the Dale Earnhardt junior
Intercom on one of the six to seven o'clock Dale Earnhardt junior who's a lot butcher than some of those racing guys
I don't want to mention by name Jeff Gordon. That's just a rumor
Here's the island Marata. Hello
Huh? Yes, sir? Are you talking to me? It sounds like you. Oh, sorry. There's a horrible screech
I'm on a cell phone. I'm calling his marginal. It's right on the border at best. I just want to say that all those other people playing the party now
You know 2001. Mm-hmm
Uh, the other guy stole my fire about five calls ago. I thought there's your edge about it
You've entered the fair zone man with these people. Yeah, and just a couple of comments
Zero is a whole number because it has a whole unit
Yeah, and both that's instead of best in 1974 when he said nothing from nothing
It's nothing. Okay. Thank you. So God bless you and get new phone because it sounds like a big
Oh, no, no
Maybe these people like something with a big hole in it that might be the answer
Because based on what we heard several months ago. They like a big rectum. That's got a hole in it and I guess that's what they like
5670560
Pound 560 on the mobile one line. I was just thinking about that phrase whole number. How's he spelling that?
I guess it all depends on if it's at the sawgrass or not or maybe it's a c pennies
22 before one at 560 wqm. Don't make
citizens this is Batman
You know even though I'm a fictional character the why 2k problem is real
In other words, I may be from the comics, but there's nothing funny about why 2k
So what can you do?
John and Jane citizen
That's right if you have the time right now run out into the streets and scream your head off like a little girl
Yeah, like why 2k why me
You know big fat man's coming to your rescue do you?
I can tell you now suck up on canvas then withdraw all your cash from the back and bury it in the backyard
But be careful if you have a canine friend then sell your computer
It'll be about as useful as the fat signal at noon
You might as well get some money out of it now so you can buy a generator and lots of gasoline
But don't store the gas in empty plastic milk containers or some unsuspecting more unlike ramen
Like suck it down thinking it's ice tea then you gotta get a stomach pump by rushing to the emergency room
And you don't want to do it in costume because people tend to laugh at that man when he's not on the silver screen
Fiving prime and they always eat ramen because his outfit is so
Yay, but I digress this is Batman
When it comes to why 2k
Don't be a Joker
What do you think about it is why 2k it's 16 before I won at 560 WQ and one of the most enlightening sessions of my life here today
This has been the best I am exhausted. I feel like I've just run the three and a half minute mile
And lifted with weights on my back. I'm carrying fat boy and Josh Friedman behind me
Oh, this has been spectacular and well worth it at 10 times the price
Pember pine. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil. Yes. I'm gonna confuse this even more go right ahead
There's a little book out right on the pile. This is it speaking of pile. Yes
There's a there's a great little book. I'll call uncle John's indispensable guide to the year 2000 from the bathroom readers press
Yeah, that says
And it's it backs up everything you said
But you want to confuse it more there was an astronomer named David Hughes
It says who set out to figure out the exact date of Jesus's birth
And he went through this and he researched ancient Babylonian and Chinese texts and he says
Christ was born in 7bc because of a rare conjunction of Jupiter and Saturn was the
Endurene is right
So in 1979 it says another astronomer
Tested his theory and sure enough low and behold that this planetarium in planet England in the night sky over Bethlehem
This thought this conjunction occurs meaning that Christ was born September 15th of 7bc
And given that we count in the year of our Lord
Is theory is if you want to be astronomically accurate
Uh, the real year 2000 would have started on September 22nd 1992
So let them all figure that one out. Okay. We're working on it good. Thank you. Bye
Like I said when in doubt running circle screaming shout
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line
So let's see uh zero oh
Here's Hollywood hello
Hollywood
Going once long gone 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line
Here's Kendall hello
Yes, sir, hey, how you doing? Wait, listen, I heard something a little earlier that uh, it seemed like some hypocrisy on your part
I'm on here to get on the world's biggest civic riches that's default hill time. Okay. Well you mentioned earlier that
Some newspaper ran a story with some webpage about sex places that you can go to uh, and you being the moral standard there
You declined to put that what I never said I never said I was the moral standard bear
I'm puzzling, but you know what I'm saying
I mean did you did you not say that you declined to put that aside?
I did say I mentioned that when I read the article I'm not going to promote it
I also didn't publicize the ones when we had all that stuff people
6 months ago you did a whole show on places you could go to find glory holes. I remember calling you name
International sir
Absolutely, sir, but you calm down
I said that I wasn't going to give the name of the website. I didn't say it was already printed in the article
Well, I might give it. I mean you gave a
Why are you looking for glory hole?
No, I'm not, but I'm just saying if you did a whole show on a six months ago and you co people were to go then
Why not give them the flip page? I mean you may be helping some people out. Okay Monday. We'll give this stuff out
And also one more thing. Yeah, um about the year 2000. Yes. If we were to sit down and open up the history
But we would see that
That they're the latest laugh final you're probably uh, you know in the sanitary
Listen, no, I'm not I'm not if we go back we look at history
I'm going to hide in the next marine
You can find things that happen in every year back to the year two bc and order for us to count
We have to go to your hero. Don't we? What is it? I could sit down with you in a history book and show you things that happen in a year
We have to call zero because we don't call it zero. What are we going to call it because we have to go to one thing?
What do you mean we're going to call it? Let me say it again the guy who invented the calendar the guy who invented the
Glacier calendar that we use all over the world today except for the orthodox Jews
This guy didn't use the year zero
You know, I mean if you matter for our counting purposes we have to
Know
We don't do that we don't
I'm listening cough NASA they'll tell you where their glory holes are okay
They got a great website by the way
It's out of this world
567 05 60 see that's when there's a good message for all your kids out there this guy right here
That's what happens to your mind when you hang around too many glory holes
We just start cruising too many of those uh, troll places
Wow
Want a key day they want to reinvent the wheel man
Well, we got a call it to call it whatever you want call it the blue moon call it Uranus call it
Call a doctor take two and call us in the morning. I don't care what you call it
Call it watch it call it call it Vasteless boss. I don't care what you call it
But the fact is that that's not the way it really works
That's not the way the real world is in the world in which we live maybe we don't like it
Maybe we don't agree with it, but that's the way it is Virginia
Here's Hollywood hello hello on calillo. Yes, sir. I haven't spoken to you since you awarded my wife a shower massage and my life hasn't been the same since
Okay, I got the definitive answer for the 2000 thing it'll make life easy on you you can get off the valium
It takes 12 goddamn months to make a year these people can't get it through their heads. Yeah 12 months
365 days 52 weeks when you're born you're in your first year, but you're not a year old yet
Yeah, I mean what else do they need to know when the new millennium starts? Why is that so hard to figure out?
Okay, thanks whatever you said did that help at all? No, five six seven stop with the when you're born
Okay, stop what is business. It's got nothing to do with that name. What's got to do with military time?
Why it has absolutely nothing to do with any of this
Let me sit like I said almost three freaking hours ago
four minutes after 10
one two three
Oh no those trace
Jesus Christ
One through a thousand was the first thousand years one thousand one through two thousand was the second thousand years the second millennium
If you got it can you count that high can you finger it out?
And the third millennium begins January first two thousand one just like the NASA scientists say but they must be just as stupid as I am
We're sitting out here. There's laughing our ass off at what our couple of schmucks you are over there. Yeah, we're dumb. You're smart. Okay
Airby printed article that we got airby magazine airby scientist airby genius airby Schmendrich airby
historian Roman monk a Roman monks
prior tuck rhymes with suck this
God
Jesus Joseph and Mary
Jose Maria
What do you laugh at about that's what that's your people man Jose Maria while they got that I bitch in Brazil. There's a lot of Jose Maria
That ain't necessarily their name though. What right their names would have been Hebrew. Oh
God
See this we were going along just fine till you go and started screwing things up. Okay
It wasn't bad enough. They started eating trace
But then they had a mess with the calendar that really a pisses us off damn do you know they stole a goddamn then they stole the the beanies
Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah, yes, sir. How you doing? Well, let me tell you why zero is the number and everybody's wrong and I'm right
I'm just kidding of course
Anyway, I do agree listen if we had to start organizing time. Okay, we agreed
365 days is a year does that mean we wait 365 days until we start organizing time
Absolutely not it's year one day one yeah absolutely right and the world would end in half that it'd be
Half a year. Okay, let me ask you
When you go to work and you gotta understand that this fruitcake that so this Roman monk that started the designating the
He could have called it zero. He could have called it. He could have called it. You're a year of
Anything you gotta make a finish. I'll be naming one. But you have to call it one absolutely beginning. It was year one
I mean if you get paid ten dollars an hour confusing, but right well
I mean if you get paid ten dollars an hour and you worked 30 minutes does that mean you don't get paid at all
I mean come on man, you know
It's the thing is is do not compare it to still
Do not compare it to military time when you were born. It's separate. It's a separate issue. It's what it is
Period what it is absolutely. I keep asking what it is absolutely and I guess you know the theme to you know the theme to your show today is
What people who need to feel that they're important and feel that they are basically
Smart than everybody else and not only that but they're pissed off about it
You know you wonder why people are killing each other or apart in space
I mean if this if this were the most important thing I had to worry about in my life my life
Would do the greatest in history of the human race?
What we'll see is Neil everybody thinks that they have the nugget of wisdom that nobody else has and they're so important
Well, thank god. They're smart and I'm going. I'm thinking okay, whatever you're gonna say
Like my mother's always saying to me about these things that I couldn't care less like she'll come over and take care of the house
We go on vacation. Oh did you see the lovely plan here? I put in of course not. I don't look at those things
And she'll say to me you don't even know what's going on in your house
And I always respond to her with the same thing I'm gonna tell you if that's the biggest problem the biggest thing
I had to worry about in my life it would be heaven heaven would be here right now
I'm serious. That's the kind of nudging that I get
Didn't you see the lovely planter? I put it no I did not
Behind your back your dogs are running the numbers outfit. I wouldn't I wouldn't be surprised
I they dropped several numbers in the yard this morning a couple of big bombs
You don't even know what's going on in your house
5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 on the mobile one. I wish I had the zegrin heaven, you know in year 25 25. I love that song too
All the way do have the weeds
Was seriously I was thinking about this this morning so this fit in perfect when people are buying Ricky Martin record
Oh, what does that tell you
I mean it talk about Latin singers this town. I'm gonna tell you this right now
This town should embrace of course he's Mexican so they're not too crazy about him or Puerto Rican or a little bit of each
But they should embrace the weeds Miguel like one of their own. They should love him
They should lap him from toe to head
Oh, sorry Joe about the feet from ankles all the way up to the top
He sings the language beautifully. He's got the greatest voice in the history of the human race
Even those of us who don't understand more than 50 words of esponial love his music. He's great. He's a great performer. He's marvelous
But no Ricky Martin Huchi Kuchi. Oh no, don't say see the big with the numbers the big with the numbers
That's all they know from and only up till three they can't once they get to quattro. It's like
Yeah, and you notice by the way how nobody has told us how you say zero in Latin
And you want to know why?
Because there isn't any
Maybe maybe that's why a biggest dickest didn't come up with the year zero because there wasn't any
There was no such thing
That'd be real hard to chisel to yeah
next to mess
Here's Miami Beach hello
Yes, sir great
the term of BC
Returns the thing it's before before Christ or before Caesar has nothing to we all know well lot of them. Yeah, right
5670560
Count five 60 on the mobile one line
Like I said a lot of one-dimensional people out there boring terminal pondrous sound all the same
Mom droning on 60 cycle tone like
Anyway, we got Kim Bocaper coming along he'll have all the numbers from the sports games come up because that's what to you
Those are the important numbers. Okay, I think the big oh he'll be here from two to six six o'clock tonight
We got who we got we got talking baseball with Donnie B as the big four-play for the Marlon game
Marlon's at Milwaukee. They've never beaten the brewers. Are they gonna do it tonight? No, well, you'll have to tune in to find out
You're gonna do that. No, are you selling your home or looking to buy one? Let me tell you about buy owner a unique
Nationally known coveted. It'll save you thousands of dollars easily
If I could offer only one tip for the future
Act strange and people will leave you alone
The rest of my advice has no basis more reliable than I own the and the reenexperience
Put a slinky round your neck and try to walk downstairs backwards head first
Sit naked in a large bowl of rice crisps and sing feelings while the kernels go snuff crackle and pop
Go up to a ticket booth and try to stick your heads of the hole where they say how much
Rick stranger
Tell him you're from Bosnia and your country to sign a respect
Take lots of pills one of them might work
Occasionally ask the stranger they've heard anything from Lewis
Be annoying
During an IRS audit staple the guy's hand to his desk
Moon a funeral
Play go fetch with a scene I dog while he's working
Run naked through a mall yelling killer bees killer bees
Say the word titty without smiling
Try to figure out who said Paulie Shore should star in movies
Don't be surprised if it's the same guy who said John Gacy should work with kids
Ask an old lady if you can carry her groceries and try to make a run for it
Disappear for great lengths of time
Try to touch your forehead with your tongue
It may not work, but many women will appreciate the effort
At a high school reunion tell your old English teacher that your dog still eating your homework
Ask Mark McGuire it'll take a million dollars for one of his books
Try to find the secret to caretops success
Understand your conception was an accident that your parents got wasted and wanted a few more last before they passed out
Try not to lose your finger in your nose
Take a thought costus and toss them on the lawn next door
Go on a car trip without costus and force of the stainless car seat
Try to dribble about costs
Ask all your friends and family for forgiveness
Knowing you you've done some crap that's really pissed them off
Wish no there will be anyone unless you don't like this then screw up there on their own
Realize anyone who says that completely happy are completely full of crap
Ask a hell of angel if he's a woman or has he always walked like that
Understand that there are bad people in the world and you may just be one of them
sniffed an old lady
Imagine Gomer Pyle and the gay bar are trying to get lucky
Do this without laughing
Find what's left of your innocence
Understand it embrace it
Detected and it is so often take it out for a nice notch
Carried up not to care hum while you eat
Act strange in people will leave you alone
Okay, thank you four minutes after one at five sixty wqm speaker strange people
And this is so typical for this state Nikola splurder
I figured out that in a state R&R means red next reproducing
Nikola splurder when Wednesday rolls are bound Jesper and Leena
Solander plan to be standing in line with much of the rest of the country
We need to get into Star Wars episode one the Phantom Menace the first Star Wars movie in sixteen years
But they'll need a babysitter
Somebody has to keep an eye on their six month old son Anakin
Oh, am I pronouncing that right? Yes. Oh, thank god
These solanders are that salamanders who live here in Nikola's named their firstborn after the central figure of
The new trilogy of films Anakin Skywalker
Does he float like a Mark howler what he is Darth Vader but not yet? I told Jesper
You can pick the name of it to boy and I'll pick it that's a girl says Leena Solander 21 and works in the video store
We've been so excited ever since we heard there were new Star Wars movies coming out that when Jesper said let's name Anakin
I said yeah, that's perfect
He's our own little Jedi says Jesper
21 a computer consultant for NTEX a computer systems integrator
A Star Wars band is a computer geek
It says his uh nursery is a shrine to the universe that George Lucas created action figures posters stuffed dolls a Darth Vader phone
They're all in there all right
So anyway, let's get back to that the Mark Hamill accident, okay as him when he was born. I think that was the year
He's all right five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
Here's oh here's our ex done hi there. How are you? I have the total I have the absolute
The real reason why people think the millennium starts in the year 2000
Yes, because they can brainwash you think so
Then the Christians will come across when nothing happens on the year 2000
The Mary won't show up and the world won't come to an end and they'll have one more chance and they'll say hey
Neal was right after all right
Yeah, then all of a sudden I'll say you know something now that we think about it omiguns
Your away exactly and then they can start planning for it again
It's our hoarding all the food and crap again. There you go. Uh-huh. That's it great
Seeing clear water there you go bye. Bye. She's on a side of the bank building right now virgin Mary
She ain't gonna be around for like about a year and a half
I would say and then she's gonna be everywhere. She'll be there at Times Square
In fact on the on January 1st when the big ball drops there in Times Square virgin Mary's gonna make her appearance there
2001 not 2000 but 2001
Virgin Mary will pop up there right next to Dick Clark for some other dick right there in Times Square
5670560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line this this show today has been like one of the caller said one of the greatest
Learning tools in the history of the human race
If you wonder why people are so intractable and so convinced that their cock guy cock am any of you of everything
It's going on around him is is right. I mean forget about it. But I could bring in a rock a brick
And have a better chance of penetrating it with the with words than this crowd today
Here's a mobile and opalaka. Hello. Yeah, so lo nio. Yes, sir
A long time listener first time call us all right. Yeah
I have something to say about this time
When time started it was there was no zero
It started one AD because that's the first year that they're living in just call the first year one AD
If you use zero that would mean time stand still or time to exist
So you have to start with one. Yeah, but when the year 2000 starts that is a 2000 year that became
To January 1st 2000 is really the first month in the 2000 year right?
It's not the end of the millennium until December 31st year 2000. Amen
That's so simple God bless you. Yeah, any folk could understand that right
We need to smack somebody's people around and in in scoff lard
We need to go out in the front lawn and choke them a chicken right? Okay. God bless you, sir
Yeah, thank you. Okay. There you go. There's a guy. He even he knows it. I mean
5670560 pound 560 on the shame on some of you people out there shame on you
Especially the ones. Oh wow. We're right here laughing at you because you're so effing stupid
Yeah
That's right. You're you're the ones that are in the whole world is out of step and you guys you're the ones who are in line
Everybody else is out of line you're in step your goose step into it
Be that as it may
You can't change human nature. You know you can't change the fact there's a lot of real boat a boat shows out there
They're all going to do you
Is that all?
Oh
hey
oh
you
Stop!
Whoa!
Huh!
That's what we're getting for!
Whoa!
There ain't no here, whoa!
Stop!
Whoa!
Well, yeah, yeah!
That's what we're getting for!
We know our duty to stand against him!
Stop!
Whoa!
Good guy, Joe!
Wish I wasn't dead!
Bring on the software, bird!
I don't want to see if we got stubborn people out there,
wait for me here in this fact.
Mr. Rogers, just as decades beginning with 1950, 1960, 1970, etc.
are considered the 20th century,
the methodology applies to the year 2000 as being year one,
to which we say,
see, they have to continue mixing apples with oranges.
Decades are groups of 10 years that begin with the same number,
50 through 59.
That's 10 years of the 50s.
Decades just a 10-year stretch.
You could say 1995 to 2005, and that's a decade.
But they're talking in terms of, you know,
common terminology, the 50s, the 70s.
Okay, that's the years that began with the year five or seven
or whatever decade you're talking about.
Which is also artificial group.
Exactly, you can create any, or you can clump together,
I love together, any groups of years you want,
and call it whatever you want.
It's got nothing to do with the measurement of time.
A millennium is a thousand years.
Okay?
So the NASA scientists are wrong.
Every one of these other articles is wrong.
Oh no, the year 2000 is being won.
No, it's not.
2001 is won.
Why do you think they call it 2001?
That's won.
Five, six, seven.
Oh, five, six, ten.
Pound five, say, oh, thank heaven for seven, eleven.
That's what I want to say right now.
I don't know why.
I just came to mind.
Oh, thank heaven for seven, eleven.
I feel like a big gulp right about now.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello, what are you doing?
Yes.
All right.
I'm going to try to put the nail on the coffin.
Just another schmuck.
Yeah.
This is the hottest thing since Hallopanyu peppers.
This is insane.
Hallopanyu peppers.
These people that are calling in with this age thing
talking about say I'm thirty-three is old.
Okay, that means I've lived thirty-three years
and I'm in my thirty-fourth year.
Okay.
And they're trying to apply that to a calendar.
That is not so.
Yes, I am in my thirty-fourth year because I am thirty-three years old.
However, when one specifies a date in the, quote,
a legal term, you would say today is May 14th,
in the year of our Lord, 1999.
We haven't had nineteen hundred and ninety-nine years.
We are in the year 1990.
Right.
Which means...
At the end of December 31st of midnight,
we will have completed nineteen hundred ninety-nine years.
Exactly.
And if you want to complete...
Based on our artificial measurement, this calendar, that's correct.
Pingo.
And in order to complete...
And in order to complete...
Thirty-two thousand years to complete...
So it's the most simple idea that three hours and seventeen minutes later
we're still here discussing that should tell you there is no hope for the human race.
None.
There are idiots.
Right.
But let's now...
God bless you.
Wow.
Exhausted.
I'm serious.
I feel like I'm going to go home and take bottles of vitamins.
Not in particular.
Just handfuls.
Handfuls.
Because I've had my hands full today all day with this crowd.
It is so complicated.
Oh, you don't understand.
It's Lucifer down there with a red tail of the pitchfork.
And God did this and Moses did that.
Let me just give you a little piece of advice.
I'll give you people out there, especially with aspiring to be anything.
Don't ever waste your time trying to change human nature.
I came to this town twenty-three years ago, made a bad mistake.
Thinking that I was going to go on a year and be like some kind of a caked crusader without the cape.
Without my cape on.
And all I could say was,
Oh!
And then after a short time I realized I was talking to two hundred-year-old people who only cared about what the notch and the early bird dinner.
Those are the only things they cared about.
The notch and the early bird.
And how much sweet and low can we steal and silverware before pump-redics will finally go out of business.
And they found out, by the way, and corkies.
That was it.
And I'm sitting here trying to change human nature.
What's the point?
I'm just sitting here now with my whole new attitude.
I get to be smiling my face.
I'm a disciple of guilty.
Yeah, I had a...
I had a...
You know, this guy that called me forth looking for a cruising for tea rooms.
I had my own religious experience in the team room right here at QAM a few days ago.
A religious experience in the tourlet.
What was it?
Y'all, he said...
I said, you know something, God, Danny, you got a point.
And now I say...
Here's the four Myers.
Hello?
Yeah, Neil.
If you think there's bad over there, we're like the chups, step children from Miami.
Yeah.
If the dog was peeing, we would be the tree.
Uh-huh.
It is that bad over here.
Or the fire hydrant.
Yeah, the only thing that can make a spider...
Or my living room carpet.
If you would play our anus.
Play one?
Play my anus.
Play with your anus?
Yeah, you'd have songs.
Oh, okay. I'll work on it.
Which is?
Okay.
And then one more thing?
Yes.
When you have a stop-off...
You like my anus?
Yeah, I like it a lot.
If you could play it more than either you do, you don't play with it enough.
Okay.
When you have a stop-watch in your hand, what does it say just before you push the button as they go?
What does that have to do with time?
It says zero.
Yeah, what does that have to do with that?
It says zero all the way across.
Yeah, and...
And...
What does that have to do with what we're talking about?
Well, that's not a calendar.
The visit.
A calendar?
No, it's not.
No, it's not.
I will not tell you, Raynus.
See, just talk to yourself out of it, man.
You just don't know how it works.
You want to start bringing in all these extraneous things.
Like I said, I was in a great mood right up until I called from the God damn West Coast
when he started bringing in...
All of these things.
That have nothing to do with what we're talking about.
Get out your stop-watch, power, if you like.
Get out of here!
5-670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
I'm still waiting for somebody to call and tell me what a Roman...
A new moral zero looks like.
I've been all over Rome, all over Italy.
I've seen every one of those old buildings has got the year that it was built
right there chiseled into the side of the building.
I have yet to see anything that even resembles a zero.
How do you like that?
Ooooooh!
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Sorry, I don't know what a Roman zero looks like.
And forgive that guy for Port Myers, you can't help it.
I know.
But Neil, can I ask you...
I do have a question on embarrassed to ask it...
Don't be embarrassed.
How can you be embarrassed on a day like this?
Well, I really have nothing to do with time.
I don't want to keep beating that dead horse.
You know, Washington DC District of Columbia, right?
Yes.
What is Columbia?
What the hell do we have to do with Columbia?
And I know it's not the country because it's spelled differently.
Oh, no, that's where the good drugs come in there for free.
They import the good drugs from Columbia.
Well, seriously, what is that?
What is what?
What is Columbia?
ACDC.
Columbia is right next to Venezuela.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless bond.
I will never leave this building.
I don't think I'll make it out the door.
I'm going to get in my hands and knees and crawl around in the halls going.
Like that.
Okay.
Now let's see.
Here's one that says, completely irrelevant to today's topic.
But I'm pissed off and fired up two months ago.
I won $100 from Sauer 96 by being one of nine callers upon hearing a designated song.
I still have to receive the check, god damn it.
You're always complaining about mismanagement within your radio stations.
And now I understand why.
I guess that's the Greg Reed-Effing Way.
Please remind those people down the hall to keep their promises and send prizes immediately
if not sooner.
All the best to you in George's sign mic.
Well, good luck, Mike.
If you look to the year zero, maybe that's when you get your check from Greg Reed.
And those liars, those gray robbers down the hall at Sauer 96.
I like that though.
I'm going to start using that Sauer 96.
Excellent job, Mike.
560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
We're doing the big zero here today, baby.
Big zero.
Which fits right into this town.
Where time stands still for all men, women, dogs and children.
Here's a mobile in Boiton B.
Chill out.
Neo, you were killing me today.
Yeah.
You were so right on, I don't understand why nobody can get it.
Right on about what?
Like one and one is two?
I mean, I mean, you know something this works so well today.
Monday I'm going to come out at 10 o'clock.
Say one and one is two.
And I'm going to have like four hours worth of these calls.
Oh, no, you're wrong.
No, but you know what's great?
It is killing so much good time on my desk.
I know. Right?
Great. This is beautiful.
And in an effort to kill people.
I want to tell you that this is the hottest response I've had in ages.
No, since the anal sex weeks have been pretty hot.
That's right.
That was probably the hottest since before the self-starter.
That was the hot back home, right?
Yeah.
But in an effort to just kill some more time for you
and you're getting that much closer to getting out of there.
Yes.
The new decade or the new centuries would begin at like one hundred one, two hundred one,
and so on.
Right.
So basically over the last two thousand years, we've lost 20 years somewhere along the way.
So it's really going to be 1980, right?
Right. Exactly.
Oh, I think I'm going to go back to the beginning.
Reagan's coming back again. Oh, no, please.
Oh, yeah. So we've all bought them.
Oh, God.
No, that was 70s.
No.
But you're really in your 30s now, Neil.
That's great.
I'm going to go out and take advantage of it.
Thank you.
Thanks for your reminder.
I feel younger already.
Well, actually, I feel about 150 after this show that I feel drained.
This has been a really unbelievably draining experience.
And I haven't even yet from that great thing from Dunkin' Donuts.
That was very good, by the way.
Thanks, guys.
Why are those guys so nervous?
What is this thing about everybody?
So scared of Neil.
I'm just a very low-key guy walking around the hallway in this morning.
I come in here.
I don't see, you know, hang out and start with a strip of a lot of crap.
But these people out there, they're like cowering.
Like I have this tremendous power.
Like I'm going to come on here in the Riptum, like Sam Ashtie of the day.
Sam Ashtie.
And by the way, this old book of Rindle feels so bad.
I love my new CD, a burner.
Oh!
God, that's one of the best investments I ever made.
But you know something?
There's another example.
I'm not talking about the Sam Ashtie people.
In the fact that that particular store, they don't know how to do business from their ass.
I'm talking about the fact that the people calling in through the end of that show.
Oh, and you know, only certain disco working that thing.
And you've got to go to sound advice.
They're like, bull crap, bull duty, baby.
Oh, you got to, and like I said, read the manual.
Don't listen to these idiots out there. Read the freaking manual.
I mean, the Phillips people had made it.
They might have some idea of how it works maybe.
NECD that's got that logo on it.
That be courtable.
It shows you the picture of the goddamn logo.
It doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure it out.
It says you do have to wait until the year 00 to get them.
But nevertheless, here's Miami. Hello.
Hi, man. How you doing?
Okay, sir.
Okay, I think the, the, the state we have is that the country we have had infraction.
And how do you kind of fraction?
You start from one, zero, one, two, three.
That's, you know, that's what we like called the condition.
Zero, one, two, three, as fractions.
That's right. That's how the country should be.
So, give me a fraction that's got a zero in it.
Okay. No.
Besides, like a tenth.
Give me a fraction that just has a plane zero in it.
No, we start from the zero.
Yeah, but we're giving you said fractions.
Let me tell me one fraction that has a zero in it.
And I just do on it.
You just got to say that.
You said fractions, zero, one, two, three.
That's right. That's right.
I'm very okay. Get out of here.
You scream it again.
Bapapapapapa.
Yeah, man.
God, go choke a chicken. Get out of here.
Go get on a goat.
Go get on Billy.
Let's go.
125 at 560 WQAM.
It's Friday. You're fast.
Here.
Get it.
Head agency people are random.
Oh, right.
Why do you get pizza?
Oh, it's all the computers go outside.
Why do you get pizza?
Everybody's gonna die.
People will panic.
We're burning up high this.
I've recited a magazine.
Is that something that's going to go wrong?
If you believe it's the end of the world.
Here.
And see the market scratching again.
Or do you feel any of the most hot?
Oh, I'm telling you.
Yeah.
Oh.
And you know when you're from right side of the bottom line,
I'll just hold a discussion that's going on.
I'm going to dig this heated hysterical discussion.
You know what the real answer is?
Who gives a crap?
You know what I'm saying?
What the F difference does it make?
Who gives a fly-in about when the hell of the next millennium starts?
It's just a point.
It's just a throwaway point.
It's nothing to get all exercised about.
And psychotic about things that people a lot of care about.
Do they care about them in this town?
No.
But this man is.
This is bigger than God damn ex files.
That's how big this thing is.
Here's a moral cable.
Wow.
I almost just hung up because you took all the words right on my mouth.
They're kneeling.
I mean, what is the point of this whole conversation?
I must have missed the show today.
I think I must have done something early and it must have been fantastic.
But I missed it.
Well, they'll...
If a young Florida Gator team went to the National Championship,
they're very young Florida Gators.
If they went to the National Championship this year,
is that the last national championship of the 20th century or the 21st century?
It depends on whether they had the horses to do it or not.
Have a great life, pal.
Yeah.
The team that has the horses there.
Oh, yeah.
What does that mean?
Huh?
Don't throw us all those cliches there, not all the sports nerds.
A very young Florida Gator team
who had dramatic sound in his voice.
Like this was something that really had some significance,
some meaning in the history of the human effing race.
5667-0560, 05-560.
You know, I got news for it.
If that spartan team loses tonight, you know,
I don't want to end that round ball team.
These guys have got to be peeing in their pants,
praying that they win at least one more game.
Because if a spoball is over in this town for the year,
what are they going to be talking about now for the next four months?
April 15th, whatever that day is,
the 17th, whatever the day the NFL draft, that's coming gone.
They milked that, they drained it,
they squeezed it for every ounce they could get.
Nobody here cares about the hockey playoffs
and the people here don't know anything about it anyway.
I mean, what are these people going to be talking about?
That's their last gasp for the sports nerds.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
Can I change the topic for a minute?
Please, please.
You know what, I'm fired up, man.
Yeah.
I'm watching these hockey playoffs.
First of all, let me just say I'm a spick.
Number one, I'm excited about the hockey.
Right.
Watching that game last night just broke, man.
Just single my toes.
Watching Sergey Bereseman get that rebound and just knock it in.
How do you like that?
He hits the first one off the post and I thought,
God damn it.
Before I had a chance to even get depressed about that,
he had it in the net.
Exactly, man.
You remember a couple days ago when that college,
oh, that's some Dean.
He can, well, he's in a little slump at that.
What does that send you to?
That's getting two goals.
He answered the challenge, baby.
Matt Chatzir and Lonnie Bahanes.
And you know, it's interesting to notice that every move,
I mean, you know, either their geniuses are lucky this year,
but every move that they, at least have made this year,
Mike Smith and Pat Quinn has turned the goal.
They bring that Marricade in because Steve Sullivan was injured.
He gets his first ever goal the other night.
They bring Bahana suffer the minors and put him on it line,
take a Modina up there.
He gets just hot as a pistol.
Everything they've done is good.
It's not great.
You know, you know what, piss me off.
One night I was listening to JD and the rim job on that late night.
I didn't tell whatever.
I don't know what to call it.
And I was listening to JD, well, you know,
the Maple Leafs don't have defense to defend against the Pittsburgh
English.
I'm going to beat the book.
Now I was like, you know what?
Mighty Quinn always comes up with some,
come how or someone, he comes up with strategy, man.
He's a trap.
Well, how does he think they got through the 82 games?
I mean, they got the same defense now.
They had all season long and the difference being that Kujo bales them out.
And that's what he's up back there for.
But again, when you only come up with 14 shots like the penguins last night,
you don't have to do too much.
One thing I got to give credit for those, you know,
Mighty Quinn, man, he's come up with a strategy with you.
You know, you got to stop the auger once or twice.
Yes, but he's going to score a goal.
I mean, or he's going to have an assist.
He's going to have at least two points in these playoffs.
Yeah.
Regardless of how many games there are, you know.
One go.
God, Bob Quinn.
Hey, listen, and once again, you sit there right on the money.
Eddie the Beagle, he's a choker, zoom the choker, stick it again.
Exactly.
We won't see him anymore.
Okay, pal.
Better.
Goleesco.
Hey, we actually had a Spic hockey fan here.
I'll go.
Thank God for a little rest, a little delineating moment there in the history of our lives.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
So anyway, that month, biggest dick is he was the one that got that thing going.
The sundial.
I wonder if sundial was there checking out the sundial.
I'm sure I don't even know if I'm going to make it to a club.
Let me just expire here, right on the desk before this has been so innovating.
Here's a lady in Davy.
Hello.
Here I'm f**king.
Okay, thank you.
Nice hearing from you.
Here's Boca.
Hello.
Hey, man.
How you doing?
First a couple of things.
Hockey playoff.
Yeah.
The hockey playoff is great.
There's nothing like them.
All these people that are heat fans, basketball fans don't know about hockey.
They don't know about life.
They don't know about nothing.
Scrum anyway.
Back to your sort of subject about the calendar.
First of all, I'm a math major, so I know about the number system.
You're correct.
The Romans never had the zero when they meant the calendar.
Right, because they didn't have the number that didn't exist.
They didn't have the number.
The first culture that had the zero, the absence of value with the Mayans.
Yeah.
The Romans had nothing to do with that.
Now, when you say, when somebody says what the year is, it's 1999.
It's not the complete answer.
It's 1999 AD.
Well, what is the AD stand for?
George knew this.
You know what the AD stand for?
Neil.
I'm reading a file.
Oh, add domino.
Right.
It's an odomini in the year of our Lord.
Yes.
So would it make sense to say, well, of course, and then, you know, of course, people are going to like this, that Jesus Christ is the answer.
I know you won't like that.
I don't like it either.
But.
I don't really spend a lot of time worrying about that.
I know, you don't want it.
I mean, it's just like this whole business was, I mean, I can understand the computer business and why it's okay.
I mean, anybody can understand that's a computer thing.
But other than that, what the hell differences make, except for the religious nutcases with all their armor getting bulk right?
What differences make you're in the page of the calendar?
You know, the sun comes up and the sun goes down in the moon and a cock-a-mole.
And that's it.
What differences make what we call it?
Absolutely.
It's just an artificial designation that we invented.
I agree with you.
I'm a person.
We can call it porim for quite a lot of people.
We've got to porim that times of year.
Hey, if we were also lucky, you know, but we don't be croaking from all that to a humontosh.
Yeah, but you know, I'd be like, anyway, but you know, I mean, I could give a crap either, but you know, people, if people want to know, I'll tell them.
It does, it does make sense to say in the zeroes year of our Lord.
Yeah.
What the hell says does that make?
That's why it's in the first year of our Lord, you start at one.
In the second year of our Lord, it's still we had a color about a half an hour ago mentioned it.
Okay, quit while you're ahead.
Okay.
I'm begging you.
I'm begging you.
All right, Neil, God, you're great.
We love you.
Never would you say your color.
I have a great life.
Okay, say goodbye.
Okay, three and a half hours ago, I said, this is shocking.
It really is.
I mean, I'm usually shocked the other way around.
I'll talk about something that I think is really going to be provocative.
I'm going to get a response and it's like nothing.
And all I did was say, okay, we can put this to rest.
I never expected to be talking about this beyond 10 ab, the first break, 10, 10.
That was it.
There, I had all these things that I wanted to talk about today.
And we couldn't even come close to getting off of this thing.
They're psychotic about it.
Oh, no, you're screwing up the whole, all our plans.
So the first segment of the zero segment, the zero segment.
We got some shows on the, this station, every segment is a segment.
Hey, you know, City Lake Magazine just named Hollywood Seminole Gaming the best place to gamble in town for the fourth year in a row.
This is where the action always goes on in an otherwise very deadly place like South Florida.
We're out the moon, man.
CR-E-C-T-I-O-S.
Oh.
It's a wreck, good night.
I'm going to kick off my shoes.
Drift off my dress.
It makes me wet when I see you, Dad.
A big, ir-rack, duh.
That's the big four-line bow.
I want it mercenary and a top of you.
And take it up my moor-chainted hoof-hoof-hoof-doo.
Let them give me an ir-rack, duh.
Okay.
And nail me to the wall.
CR-E-C-T-I-O-S.
I want to drink your ball.
I want to love the quality of the wet, you do it your own thing.
And that I'll give it a blow.
Here's a boarding ticket.
As big as this.
At least until you take up this, I want to grab my lips around your clothing tube.
And make your water warm and slow and slow.
That's the top of your dress.
And it's on the third round five.
CR-E-C-T-I-O-S.
I want to drink your ball.
One for four or five, 50, W-C-T-I-B.
We got Kim a boat camper for Hank Goldberg.
Hank's up in the...
Where is he in Baltimore for the pregnancy tomorrow for a several day event up there?
And then we got six o'clock Donnie B. Talkin' baseball.
Is there any interest whatsoever?
No.
Well, nevertheless, we're under contract and plus maybe we'll even pay the broadcast fee this year.
You think so?
No.
Marlon's at Milwaukee tonight.
They've never beaten the breweries. They got a shot tonight.
No.
Well, tune in.
Or not, as the case may be.
May beliefs and the penguins in Toronto air Canada Center tomorrow night game number five.
Just mentioned that in passing.
And of course Buffalo's looking pretty good there against the Bruins.
And I'll tell you Bill Ranford.
I don't know what you're thinking about Scotty Bowman.
I don't know what you're thinking about.
He sucked in Boston.
He sucked in Washington.
He sucked even worse in Tampa Bay.
And now he's really sucking big time in Detroit.
Bill Ranford, a human suit.
Let him right back in there.
In fact, I think the avalanche are going to like petition the league as to play all the games on the road.
Can't let again at home on the road unbeatable.
Here's a mobile and four-lotterdale.
Hello.
Hey, I'm Danielle.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Can I explain this simply?
Go right ahead.
Okay.
Because I'm confused.
It's so simple and incredible.
All I'm trying to say is that the start of your 2000s, you go 2001 means that the earth has passed around the sun one full year, meaning that one full year has passed.
When you started something, you got nothing.
If you go one, that means you have one, the earth has gone around the sun one full time.
That means it's been one time.
Then you go, so on.
That's what it's a whole experience.
Yeah.
What does that have to do with the earth?
Well, you start the calendar.
There's no years.
It has to start on the other.
No, the calendar doesn't start with no years.
That's the point.
The calendar started with a year one.
The monk who invented the whole deal started with a year one.
He just started with somebody should stop, obviously, or whatever.
They start, okay, even if they did start with one, they did start with one.
It's not a question of even if they did.
They did start with one.
So one through a thousand was the first millennium.
That's a thousand years.
Okay, when you got to 999 years, you go to a thousand.
And then you used the last two numbers, the zero zero.
It comes after 9, correct?
What does that have to do with what does that mean?
Well, it just means it's the 1,000th year of since time started or since they've started recording time.
It's the year 2000.
It's the year 2000 years.
That's all it is.
And then we just started running that away.
We finished the year 2000 and that will be the end of the second millennium, correct?
So what's the point?
I guess there is a point.
I'm just trying to save it.
Yeah.
I'm just trying to say that Earth has gone around the sun.
2000.
Okay, thank you.
The Earth has gone around the sun and don't let your sun go down on him or something like that.
56670560, 0560, I see South Falcon is back with my Argentinian beef.
What's that little symbol on the box, by the way?
I don't want to go into that.
Now seriously, it's our good friends at Henry Lee.
What the hell was the name of that Chinese restaurant before Lauderdale, by the way?
Oh, Buffalo, mozzarella.
Great.
That will be all gone.
In no time at all.
Oh, look at that beautiful slab of meat.
That's a lovely thing.
Great.
Okay, don't leave that laying around.
They'll eat that raw here.
Well, we got a lot of people here who eat it raw.
Thank you, Sal, you're a hell of a guy.
My Argentinian beef with no hormones, none of that cramp in it.
Because if you're going to eat meat, eat the good stuff.
What, wait a minute, what'd you do with that?
Oh, no, I said no, I thought you were taking the box out, leaving that thing in your raw.
Okay, yeah, that's good.
Yes, sir, I'll be flying out of here.
Thanks, Sal.
5.670560, 0560 on the AT&T line.
Here's a, what am I doing?
Here's a mobile in 4 Lauderdale, hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I turned you on about 2.5 hours ago, and I just got back in the car, and I can't believe this is still going on.
This started four minutes after 10 when I said something very simple, very easy to understand.
I let it out there, and infant, my little minpin could have understood it.
And now all of a sudden these people are whipped up, they're in a frenzy.
It makes perfect sense what you said.
I don't understand what people have such a hard time understanding it.
Because they got the zero thing.
They have a zero-mustell mentality.
I don't know what it is, but they're hooked into that zero.
Well, we've been referring to this century as the 20th century.
I mean, what does that mean?
And these people, these people that keep talking about birth and death,
if you are 35 years old, okay?
On the last day before you turned 36, that means you will have lived 35 years. Am I correct?
That is correct.
So the same with a calendar applies the same thing.
At the end of a thousand years, that means we've completed a thousand years of recorded time.
Not when the thousand year starts, but at the end of that thousand year, that means the completion of a thousand years of recorded time.
And at the end of two thousand years, another one at the end of the year, two thousand, the summer 31st, two thousand at midnight.
Yes.
So the third millennium, like everybody else with a brain says, starts January 1st, 2001.
Anybody knows that, but don't try to tell these people that.
They're psychotic about it. They're legitimate.
Has there ever been a subject like you showed in the deepness of the book about it?
No, absolutely not.
No. Well, I understand what you're saying, Neil.
Thanks, Bill. Thank you.
Thank you. God bless you. There's one. There's one. We've had about about four or five people today.
I wonder what we're talking about.
Uh-huh.
And the rest of them are all still out there working.
Yeah.
Going nuts. Go on H-shot.
It's a 10-till-two of five, 60-q-way.
