I can eat so bad now.
There's lady in town.
She's another dark Jew.
And she needs to buy bread that is unleavened.
Ooh.
And she's buying bread that's unleavened.
He leavened.
All right.
Oh, what's the bread is one dude?
Oh, what's the bread is one dude?
Oh, what's the bread is one dude?
Oh, what's the bread is really one?
I'm trying to keep wondering what's going on here.
So 10, 1 and 5, 60, WQM.
Happy Monday to you.
Happy pace off.
Happy Easter, et cetera.
So can I just say one thing?
The media is sick and needs help badly.
God.
You talk about a non-story getting whipped up into a frenzy in this town over nothing.
Does anybody with a brain with a brain give a crap about some stupid ballgame in Havana?
No.
No.
I mean, when is this going to stop?
Is it ever going to stop?
No.
Long after the bearded one is the oh and by the way speaking of the bearded one.
Just what I need to hear is Geldie's opinion of what the character looked like at the game yesterday.
Sitting between the Peter Angelo and Budsie.
Okay, that's a good looking guy.
Yeah, right.
That's why I need to hear.
What does that mean?
What is that?
You know, here in, you know, some little pipsqueak, pontificating about world events and world affairs and cultural exchanges.
That's what I feel about that.
I mean, give me a break already.
Will you?
Don't get a guy named Nut Transplant or something.
Get out of my face.
But I mean a non-story.
And Michael, I want to tell you I'm going to name some names.
Michael Putney, Dwight Lauderdale and anybody else over there, a channel 10, which I only saw two or three minutes of it during channel surfing yesterday.
I must have been lucky because what the first thing I saw before the game started, which I did not watch any of the game plan cut before that stupid baseball game started.
I'm flipping over there and they got some reporter out there.
They're breathlessly.
Oh, well, we're at some of the neighborhood that bar in little Havana.
And people have got very strong emotions about this and most of them are really whipped up into a frenzy and are upset about this game being played.
And so they go there's maybe like 10 people sitting at tables in there.
All seem to be having a pretty good time talking about I'm sure anything but a baseball game.
Talking about getting laid probably.
And we go over to some young guy with like a little facial hair, you know, decent looking like a human being.
And well, what do you think about this big end?
Well, I'm a big baseball fan and I think you know, it's really good this far as cultural exchange between the US and Cuba.
I think it's good.
Oh, okay. Well, we don't want to talk to you anymore. Now back to you, Michael.
I mean, did he ever pee on air parade?
Good. All right. Nice go answer.
Oh, then I'm coming to work this morning.
And you know, I'm in between CDs every single time I've punched up this station.
I mean, pant rotties have an nervous breakdown.
The heater folding like an accordion.
Pob Elbury is out for the year probably.
Sean Burke is God saved this that game last night at a tie still hanging around for that playoff spot maybe.
NCAA finals.
The Marlins baseball season starts in a few days.
There are more big things going on in sports.
And what are they talking about again?
Total absolute non story.
Now, the one call I did here because I punched it up a couple of times sitting in here and you saw you were witness.
I wasn't listening, but tour treat and every every call that I heard was the same thing.
I'm a Cuban American.
Wow, let's give you a goddamn fly a beer and ask and guacamole.
Okay, congratulations.
Who the hell cares? Nobody cares.
See, I hate to break the news to you.
And I heard one great call 10 to 10.
I clicked it on.
And here's an older Cuban guy.
Great. I want to salute you.
Okay. If I some accident you're still listening, he says, you know you anglo-states and they're starting to sound like an audio mom B in all the hysterical Cuban media.
With all your pandering and all your whipping up a frenzy.
Much you do about nothing.
Let those two or 300 old parts who play in Domino Park with each other and with the dominoes.
Let them be the ones who are always screaming.
We help with the del, okay?
Let them do it.
Anybody else with a brain?
Let's talk about what's going on in the real world today.
I mean, the pandering.
I'm every chiropractor in this town is going to be overbooked for weeks now with all the bending over the pandering that's been going on with the local media.
Unbelievable.
And then of course the politicians link in D.O. as Balar.
We all know about him.
He's an asshole.
Yeah, this wasn't the Orioles in the Cuban baseball players.
This was this was the del Castro and Bill Clinton is what it was.
I hate to break the news to you Lincoln.
Mr. hyphenated whatever you are.
Hate to break the news to you.
I think Bob has probably got more important things to worry about right right at the present moment than some stupid baseball game in a van.
You know what I'm talking about?
Uh huh.
Like dropping a lot of bomba.
That's what we're worried about.
I mean, you know, maybe there maybe maybe I'll be the only one because it happens all the time.
I'm the only one that's got the balls and I know I'm not making this up because I talk to a lot of people.
Especially if the ball game is different places the hockey game talk to a lot of people.
And he almost virtually every one of them tells me the same thing about what comes to this topic.
They've had it.
We're not just saturated.
We're over saturated.
We got cancer coming out of our ears coming out of our eyes coming out of our rectums and whatever other parts you got.
We don't care anymore.
He's not going anywhere.
And to show you the height of hypocrisy.
All you hyphenated self identified so-called Cuban-epping Americans who were calling this station this morning.
And I'm sure a radio mom being every other goddamn station that would listen to your bullcrap when the big dressed up one was there with his gown and his beanie on his cap.
When the Pope was there not too many months ago and the media the same thing.
From that Christiana Amon Pura on CNN to every one of you other fakers on channel 10 channel 7 every channel that's ever been invented.
You were over there sucking his ass the Pope.
Oh yes all these things are going to change and the Pope he's got to have religious freedom and Fidel's going to get an awakening.
But I mean did any of that happen?
No.
No. Did it change anything?
No.
Not anymore than a stupid baseball game yesterday.
Changed anybody's opinion about that bearded asshole.
Not one little tiny Iota and anybody with a brain knows it.
And this town suffers.
This town suffers enormously.
Not from those couple of hundred people down there at Domino Park but from a media that continues pandering relentlessly.
From a spineless, gutless, pathetic media that continues pandering and whipping this frenzy up and making something out of nothing.
They showed a story about a bunch of kids 10, 11, 12, you know we have these cultural exchange programs that have been going on for 20 or 30 years now.
A bunch of 10 and 12 year old kids played baseball against a bunch of 10 and 11 and 12 year old Cuban kids just a couple of days ago.
Did anybody complain about that?
No.
We have musicians, we have artists, we have all kinds of cultural exchanges going on all the time like we did with the Chinese, with the Russians, with everybody.
No matter how brutal their dictatorship may be, we have people to people on a different level, exchange programs that always have gone on.
And I'm sure that on the third of May or whatever the date is when the Cuban team plays up there in Baltimore.
I'm sure that Peter Angelo will supply plenty of cell phones and plane tickets to the Bahamas so that Joe Kubas can pass them out, maybe inflatable rubber wraps.
Huh?
Because that's what this is all about.
And the same guys like Daniel Abastor who wrote that ridiculous article about the Marlins win in the World Series.
And it wasn't the fact that the Marlins won or that it was Miami's team that won.
It was that leave on.
I'm a Cuban.
I'm a Cuban.
You're like we really care, Daniel.
And by the way, get off our phone in there, Daniel Abastor.
You jack as you idiot.
You simple then.
We all know about him.
He's an asshole.
Yeah.
And now the Saturday he's got this sister.
Oh, why this is so wrong and he's all emotional and again, fanning the flames.
Why is it wrong?
Where the hell did leave on grow up?
Where did he get his education?
Where did he get his training?
Where did he develop his and his brother as well?
Where did they become great baseball players?
It wasn't in Yugoslavia.
It wasn't in Pensacola.
It was in.
Oh, no, I won't say it.
What a pile of crap.
Now I could be wrong.
But like I said, I think I'm speaking for the majority of rational, sane people who live in the world.
Who have had it, who are tired of all this super emotional hysterical crap.
I'm tired of hyphenated human beings.
I'm tired of African Americans, Cuban Americans, Italian Americans, Jewish Americans.
Everybody was hyphenated.
I'm sitting there at the hockey game last night and I saw some Jewish beanie babies with their y'all look and soan in there here.
Which always makes me want to sit down and cry when I see that.
That their parents forced them to walk around with this blemish on their head.
I thought it was terrible.
I have to wear the tattoo.
I have to wear something on your body that identified you as filling the blank.
Whatever.
But now we got to have, oh yeah, I got to have the Jewish beanie baby.
And I thought, wouldn't it be great if all of these 18,000, 19,000 people sitting here, if there were no labels, no Jews, no Gentiles, no, no anything.
No anglos, no spics, no nothing.
Wouldn't that be great?
Uh-huh.
10, 15 to 5, 60, I see we have a little more technical to fuel here, but I'll get to that in a little while.
I got a couple of really interesting stories.
I think they're interesting and disturbing, but nevertheless.
So Friday night, I'm at the Apartheid's National Hockey Game in the Macarena.
It's before the game starts.
I get there nice and early.
I like to watch practice.
I like to sit there, soak up the atmosphere of whatever's going on in there that loud the music.
And you know, people are always, I sit right there on the end of the row in my section, uh, what do I sit in, 101?
And people always come up and say, hi, they smooth for a couple of minutes.
We talk hockey, talk about whatever they want to talk about, always very nice people.
But so I'm sitting there in this fat lady, maybe it was the lady from Phoenix.
I don't think so.
She wasn't that fat.
This fat lady, kind of like a middle-aged younger than I am with her little daughter.
She comes waddling up the stairs with a big, yes, smile on her face.
Are you near Rogers?
I said, yes.
Oh, well, you know, how come on your show?
You're always chewing out people that wear uniforms of other teens beside the panties.
I said, I've never said that.
Ever.
Oh, yes, I hear you saying that in the afternoon.
I said, no, the only thing I did was to out phone fans.
We're wearing uniforms because the Red Wing's won the stand to cup to the years in a row.
And all of a sudden these people pretend to be Red Wing fans.
I don't care what anybody.
Well, how come are you wearing that maple leaf jacket?
See, you know, it may sound like a silly little story, but this is symptomatic of everything that's wrong with the world.
How come you're wearing that maple leaf jacket?
I said, I've been Toronto fan for 40 years.
That's number one with me.
Maple leaf number one, Panthers number two.
Yeah, but they're not even playing here tonight.
You should be supporting our team.
I said, I am supporting our team.
I'm here and I'm rooting for our team.
Yeah, but you're wearing that, you know, and she like waddled away.
Now, I must have been in a very mellow, very good mood because ordinarily I would have told that Fing Bitch.
I have to answer to you.
If I want to come here and a goddamn pink gown, if I want to come here dressed up like Santa Claus, what is that you're Fing business lady?
How do you like that?
She's giving me, she's giving me a son of a dand, a fcking bitch.
Because I'm wearing my maple leaf jacket.
Maybe she can elope with that Jackass Mitch.
They make a good pair together those two.
And I said, they're like dazed, like thinking to myself, what kind of an asshole, what kind of a sad excuse for a human being comes up to somebody and giving me a little mini lecture about how my entire should be.
It's a good thing she wasn't there last night.
I'd seen me with my like bedroom slippers on because I had that little tiny booboo on my toe and being diabetic.
Even though it's no problem, I just take no chances.
Okay?
That I don't want to irritate it and have it turn into some infection and be hobbling around like a cripple.
Okay?
Not into that.
So, you know, if I bothered you that I was wearing those like the pongs or whatever the hell those things do bad.
But here's the woman that makes the effort to come up there to me and give me a little lecture about how come I'm wearing that maple leaf jacket.
And I thought to myself sweetheart, you're what's wrong with a human race and you're especially what's wrong with this town.
You're perfect for this area.
You're the epitome of what's wrong with this.
A bunch of nosy, I have no life busy bodies running around like a bunch of yentos telling everybody else how to live.
What a crack a Hutzpah that is.
I'm not sure.
Lady, if I want to come there, we're in a goddamn potato sack over my head, which might be an improvement, by the way, that's my business.
Okay, that's my effing business, but out of my life.
Don't ever come anywhere near me again or I'll tell you off like you never been to right to your face.
Okay? Like I said, I must have been in a very mellow mood.
I just sit in fact there, you know, waiting for players to come out for practice.
Just minding my own business.
Not coming, wearing that nape leaf jacket because I feel like it.
Okay, bitch.
Because it's my goddamn business.
And if I want to wear a maple leaf jacket, I've got the New York Yankee cap.
I've got them Swahili outfit.
If I want to wear a Hussade Shaco like David J. Neil from the Harold does, that's my business.
Okay?
All the white and hell does he wear that?
And see, there you go. See, I take back what I said.
He's got a right to wear that if he wants to look like a clown.
He's got a right. No, seriously, he's got a right to do it.
If Dr. Mark wants to go there with a big red nose on his other thing there, like a patch Adam's nose.
He's got a right to do that, even though we may laugh him out of the joint.
Called Truth and Packaging.
And then story number two, okay?
I don't even know how to approach this story.
Because Friday we had, and also two weeks that we've been in the studio today is the beginning of week number three.
We've had some technical problems. We've had some phone problems.
I mean, George's phone and there he hasn't worked for over a week.
Didn't couldn't communicate with the outside world.
Our phone lines on here are suspected best.
Line 8 doesn't ring. They don't roll over.
God only knows what's going on in here.
And we've been reporting this to the powers that be the engineers, the program director, this one that one day after day after day after day after day after day after day.
And Friday, for me, that was just the ultimate.
Friday was the last couple hours of Friday.
That was as much as I was going to take.
So I got home and I got on a phone with our general manager, Greg Reed.
And this is no exaggeration.
I'm going to tell you exactly what went down during that conversation.
Now, let me, before I go into that though, let me, let's flash back about 15 months to our first days on this station.
After all the lies about, wow, we're going to build you that studio.
We're going to get you state of the art equipment.
We're going to, yeah.
And then, first of all, we're going to come to find out that they weren't going to have the studio ready for December 30th for me to go back on a year.
Does he call me? In fact, this is after a series of times that he evades taking my phone calls.
This is a guy I have signed up with to come to work for.
Okay. Won't reach her in my phone calls.
Hiding like a scared child who just took Rob the cookie jar.
And he has the program director called me up to tell me, well, definitely wanted me to call you out.
We got bad news. Well, guess what? It is going to be ready or we'll see you're asking court and guess what?
It was ready. It wasn't great, but it was ready.
So then December 30th comes around after those nightmares about giving the equipment in the last of which, the last part of which showed up the night before we were going to go near.
We had seven months.
Actually, we had 10 months because I signed the deal with them three months before I got my paid vacation from a buddy but Paxton 10 months for them to get their crap together and do it right.
Could they do it?
No.
So the night before we're like on pins and needles, we're having spilt, we're having spilkeys over whether this studio is going to be ready to one downstairs for us to do a radio show on the station.
Come into the show the next day. Where's Greg Reed? Where's our courageous leader? Where's Mr. Hatch out with his bigger expensive suits who's running around?
Hey, I'm the sports maven. Where's he in Chicago?
Turn tail and left pound for a week.
Fearing the worst knowing that there would be a series of technical screw ups, which of course there were, but we see that we work through them.
But not wanting to be here, not wanting to face the music.
Spine lists.
That would be the understatement of the century.
So now we flash forward to Friday in my phone call.
And I call them up and I wasn't screaming on the phone, but I was in the next best thing to it, highly agitated over the fact that we're trying to do a show in here and our stuff don't work.
And we have no communication with the outside world and God only knows who knows what's going on and we're being told, well, you know, the phone company's been alerted.
They'll come in whenever they feel like it basically like taking a lot of number in a delicatessen and standing online or in a bakery.
Yeah, your number 600. We'll get to you someday.
It's not how it works in this business, but when you talk this business, you're speaking a language that this man doesn't speak, doesn't understand.
And it was a phone conversation where he was saying goodbye almost before I was saying hello.
Seriously, you could just you could just see him weaseling down into the chair, sculpting under his desk and like, oh, I see you know, well, Bob so and so from corporate is here today.
He's an expert on phone from I'm going to I'll get right with him and I'll call you back.
I will call you right back.
You're going to be at home. Yes. Okay, I'll call you back. I'll get back to you Diana.
So I'm sitting there watching guiding light or whatever I'm doing picket my nose.
By the way, 197 on the scale that I have for you.
Luxriger 74 this morning. No pills. God am I finally doing it right.
Oh, thank you. By the way, Sonny. That was a parting ejector for my good friend, Sonny Hirsch.
I mean, he died of coronary artery disease. He died because he was fat. You know, I was trying to he was fat.
In fact, the one article in the paper said that he used to say to guys, let's go have a meal before dinner.
And he did he liked to eat. He was a great guy, but he was fat. He died from fat.
But I'll get back to that. So anyway, about an hour later, the phone rings about 10 minutes to four.
And I'm taking out here's Greg Reed calling me back. Maybe we got some phone company involved in this.
We're going to solve those technical problems and it's the voice of our program director, Duff Lindsey.
Oh, Greg wasn't feeling well. He had to go home and he wanted me to call you.
Day job. Who all over again?
Unbelievable act just a series of active cowardice. He can't face the music because he doesn't speak the language.
Unconsciously. He wanted me to call you. Here's a man who had mono that I didn't make that up by the way.
He was around a building, infecting potentially infecting people all week long. I kept saying, well, you know, go home.
You look, you know, your nose is red. You got mono. Go home. Don't be taking a chance. It's highly contagious.
But somehow he managed to work all the way through the week. All every day last week until about three 30 on Friday when he was supposed to call me back.
And he couldn't find a corporate guy who had already left to take care of the phone.
And rather than call me back and make up some kind of an answer, all of a sudden he got so we're letting him go home and lay it off on the PD to call me and go.
But like that. I said, so where do we stand up anyway?
Like that.
And this is the way things go down. So those of you out there think, oh, you know, Neil's always carrying on.
I tell you exactly the way it goes on.
Exactly. I don't have to embellish it. I don't have to exaggerate. I don't have to do anything. But just lay it out there for you to smell and sniff, you know, and recognize what it is.
A big pile, a big smoldering heaping pile.
Well, guess what come to find out that the phone company actually got the rest in here. In fact, the guy was already here finally on Friday when I made the call.
Georgia's phone works today.
This phone work yet. We don't know. We have no idea there's one call on there. Maybe it will. Maybe it won't.
I don't know.
But this is what we're up against here. We're up against the place where they don't speak the language at all. It's not part of the itinerary here.
I mean, the fact that we have a lot of people in South Florida who refuse to speak the right language. Maybe that kind of fits right in with the whole ambiance here at Q.A.M.
The man doesn't speak the language of radio in any way, shape or form. He doesn't speak the language of doing business or responding to things.
I mean, anybody can be a schmoozer and a good time. Try out anybody can do that.
But taking care of business like the song says it takes somebody with little concept who speaks the right language. Can they do it here? No.
So I just mentioned that in passing as another astonishing chapter in the ongoing legacy of Greg Reed. I'm a big shot because I got the Marlon game.
Anybody want to buy any Marlon spot? Okay. By the way, don't forget this Friday. We got that big Marlon exhibition game 1250. Our final short show of the preseason.
I'm 16 WQA.
And now we see the president getting ready to deliver his address. He's in the oval office with the gold drapes behind him and he is preparing to address the American people.
I have deployed our forces to put up a fight in a place called Kosovo outside of Alpania where all the mass don't use gold right there in Kosovo.
We're going to blow away.
All right.
The KLA Slopoda by Losovic is mad because his nickname is Slop. Later up Kosovo, precast and pochette, the kind of Angla Goldack, Romania, Bulgaria, Croatia, Harsk, Albania, Serbia,
Christina, Adriatic, see as the Kosovo. That's where I told they told you point our blades and go. And I made a big and sorry.
And you go, Multimagro. And they come with some. Exactly 1031 and 560 WQM. By the way, rumor bought dinner on Saturday and Ruth Chris. Mark that down. Okay, boys and girls because I don't think it'll ever happen again. Jeff rumor bought dinner in Ruth.
Chris, what do I love that place? God. I can go there and do the Atkins. I mean 100% perfect. Perfect Atkins and have a meal of a lifetime. The barbercude shrimp and a big juicy rib eye done medium well. Oh God.
I will say this if your stomach is a little sensitive to butter, don't go, you know, don't get in the car too soon until you're, yeah, that's right. Do a good job and a couple more.
But God is at a great place. And then you know, like some of that spinach are gotten on the side and some of the broiled mushrooms. Not too much. You don't want to overload the carbs, but great. Just unbelievable. There you go. Thanks, Rimmer.
Tell everybody about it. Okay, maybe we can send pop out of the real doctor and get his ass fixed up.
Which I could do with like an hour just on that story alone because they've been leading it. Didn't I tell you back when he got into the second time?
Didn't I tell this audience that all around the rest of the NHL that were reporting that Bray was out for the rest of the season? Did I say that? Yeah.
But here they keep the organization keeps leading us down to garden path and well, maybe he'll be ready. Maybe and he was never going to be ready. His knee is swollen like a goddamn. I would swollen.
It's pretty big and they need to. So there was really never any chance he was coming back this year, but of course they don't want to tell us that.
And as a result, I mean, you talk about luck. You talk about falling into a bucket of crap. Sean Burke playing 100 times better. And he's ever played before like last night on the leave. Well, how we get a tie?
I shot two to one in a game like that last night. It's got to be a major miracle. And you can lay it right there in the hands of Sean Burke. Nice going Sean.
And Mark Parrish that kid a hell of a player made a $325,000 bonus and then reading the newspaper coach T. M. C. Oh, Robbie played a great game.
Robbie, you played the same coolest game you play every game. Clueless useless that drop pass. You know, I started replay when I got home last night. He left a little drop pass there for Parrish who made a great shot for the time goal.
What was the big deal with that? Oh, Robbie played a great game. More propaganda from the organization. They're trying to sell like Victor skate around in big circles. He'll never ever shoot it. He just don't want to shoot it.
You know, and then by the way, I don't want to mention any particular doctors on here, but you know the doctor at Cleveland clinic that Pavel Bre went to after he got into the second time that begins with an A. And then how does it go on A?
It was the same doctor that looked at everyone ahead my heel spur.
Not the magnet guy. No, no, worse. At least the magnet guy does something. You may kid that proctor. No, that was a proctor. This is a, you know, a leg specialist.
A foot up your hand. I mean, a foot the specialist.
Remember what he did for my bones for nothing. Nothing. Oh, yeah, you stand up against the wall and you shuffle this and you know, hold your.
In your hand or whatever he was talking about nothing. And in nine months, it went away by itself after the quack with the magnets nearly room my foot.
So evidently, he did the same thing for Pavel. So they had to ship him off to Alabama to some expert doctor with a banjo on his knee.
Just like the other doctor at the Cleveland clinic, what did he do for my whole kid? Did he do anything at all? No, no.
He looked at me and said, oh, you're allergic to this drug. Was I really allergic to it? No, no.
How can you look at somebody and know something? I mean, let's think of measles or chickenpox, something that's readily obvious. You know what I'm saying?
I'm listening to like a big lump on their nose. You know, it looks like a tumor.
But how can you just look at somebody? Oh, yeah. Well, that's classic. So I'm, you're right. Pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa. I wouldn't let my dogs go there.
But nevertheless, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line. How come you're wearing that maple leaf jacket?
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. So Neil. Yes. Neil. I am. Did you watch Michael Putney yesterday? I saw one minute of it. I was screaming at the TV. Yeah. I had to call them an alpha at least 50 times.
This guy was sucking some serious blood. Yes. And the channel was sucking serious. And as you can tell, I'm glad the objectivity was high because everyone of those was a Cuban or Cuban exile.
Yeah. Yeah. If they had me on the other side, yeah, it's a baseball game. So what? Right. It's a big one bit. But no, you, I have to mirror your sentiments.
We are being force fed. Crap. We don't want to eat. Like a kid. When they they make you eat the broccoli. I don't want to eat this. Eat your broccoli and they shove it down your throat and you resent it even more. This is where I feel about the Cuban topic.
I don't care. Most people don't care. If he's old, crusty Cubans were to die. This thing would just go, but we have a party. He really roast the goddamn pig and choke a chicken right in the front yard. If they would only croak tomorrow.
I leave us to leave the people who go on with their lives instead of being hyphenated humans. I saw the game. I see a no crusty bearded fart. I'm like, is this what all the who blows about? Who cares? It was a goddamn baseball game.
The Jack and you know what? The same thing. Popin over there. Life would be fine. Where was all the big where were all the protesters? Where were all the people with the big mouth? Where were all the people in the media?
The only people in the media, anything to say when the Pope was there, they were sucking both of their ass. All of theirs, the Pope of the Dell and all these wonderful things are going to happen. None of which happened, which anybody with a brain knew they weren't going to happen.
The media is a disgrace. There's no object to everything. Everybody's kissing the Cuban ass down here. Nobody tells it except you like it is.
And you know something, sir, you're the only call on the board right now. Where I see I always do this. I'm the one that sticks my head on the goddamn limit of the tree. I open up a big mouth. I know there's millions of people that feel the same way that I do. You're the only call I got on the board again here. They could put 400 phone lines in here. And guess what? And it could have happened on this show. We're done. We're finished. We're finished.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
I'm sure to join at morning on at second rate morning show this morning with one after another every day
I mean I only turned it on about four or five times but every time but I'm a human
American well good, we'll buy you God damn St. Christopher metal, okay?
Congratulations. I'm another hyphenated human being who refuses just to be a living and thinking pulsating breathing
thing, being. I can't stand people who have to like oh well I'm a Ukrainian American by way of a
lot of people who can't see I'm a little bit like your ass. Who cares?
All these silly phony artificial labels that people have to use to divide each other like
the goddamn Irish and the goddamn Indians and the Pakistanis and the Jews in Israel and the Arabs
and the Orthodox Jews and the Nazi Orthodox Jews and the super Orthodox Jews.
I'm the only goddamn voice in the world that's going to tell you the truth about this. It's all a pile of crap
because everybody when you come down and that's a good example by the way when everybody takes a
little looks the same it all smells the same. So I don't care what kind of label you got to touch yourself
you're full of okay unless you just want to be a living and breathing human being
and stop trying to flagulate us with your cubiveness or Jewishness like those Jewish
beanie babies at the game last night. Every time I see that I'm not exaggerating
it makes me want to cry. I feel so sorry for those kids. It's always always
you always see with the young guys you know teenagers that they've been brought up
this way and forced to walk around with this silly beanie on their head because
their parents are forcing them they're dragging them back into the dark ages.
Huh? You're never going to get late wearing a beanie? Oh sure you will.
You got the right credit card.
You got the brown thing in your underwear clean up clean up put on a thousand pairs
Clean up clean up the comstines right here on your seat clean up clean up
whenever you beat your meaty-heat clean up clean up try something she works the back clean up clean up
whenever you accept the name.
That's it.
Had 44-560 WQM Jim Manage will be here for Hank I'm sure Hank's going to tell me his funeral today
which is at one o'clock so Jim Manage's the mad dog will be here to the six.
Yeah!
Sixty-seven we got the booster all over. We're talking about him and fat in a minute.
And then I know he'll be here at six to eight forty-five because we got the NCAA
championship game tonight 845 till a conclusion.
I was going to talk about how Michigan State gave Duke a pretty good run for the
money even though of course I didn't watch the game but evidently they gave him a pretty good run
but that Georgia was telling me about all the scandalous riots they had at the Michigan State
and East Lansing.
So guess what I didn't really go there I went to yeah I went to RIT and Rochester I
include Michigan State.
And it's embarrassing.
But hey that's just the American ethnic way man after any kind of a sporting event
win or lose you have a big ride you start you know burning people's cars that's
a way to do it.
Here's a mobile implantation hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
I'm going to tell it like it is.
Yeah.
Alright I don't see these people picketing for all those big and people over there in
communist China.
You go into a store nowadays everything says China on it.
Right.
I don't see anybody picketing Chinese products or anything.
And what was it a couple of years ago the mosque in North of family was all set to go in
China and make a big deal.
It's kind of a big contract an engineering contract and then at the last minute they cancelled
it because of the bad publicity.
But they were all set to make millions of dollars off of China.
It was bad for business though.
That's right because but they were ready to make deals over there.
And also the only reason they're upset is that they can't go in there now to China to buy up
the land cheap from those poor people so they can build their big resorts and make more
millions.
They're watching the Canadians do it.
Maybe we can go to Hyman Rothville to nice casinos in China they got a lot of land over there.
That's right.
But those wealthy Cubans here if they had their way they'd be over there right now buying up
property so they can build resorts to pay those people minimum wage so they can exploit that
through weather as planned with the area around the hour.
All righty.
Okay.
I can maybe you know what's there.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line still plenty of open lines to see line
8 ain't going to be bringing eight times doing their works out going but it don't work in coming.
So we still got some work to do here on this phone situation.
Confidence is writing very low on this whole thing with Bell South as usual.
And of course with management which speaks you know spineless gutless.
Oh well I'll call you back but it'll probably be somebody else's voice on the phone.
Because I just suddenly all of a sudden got ill after being around spreading germs all week long all of a sudden my
spinal problem you know acted up.
Then you wait I don't should they make another spinal tap part two about this place.
Here's Hialia hello.
Hialia.
First of all I mean hialia.
Meo.
Yes sir.
Why are you always ripping the cue?
Meaning what?
Yeah always every time.
Meaning what?
Can you say something intelligent about what I'm talking about?
Are you going to call sounding like some kind of a mouth breather?
Calling, calling, spake, spake, we're not.
What do you have to say sir about what I'm talking about today?
I didn't call it.
I talked about what is it?
If you're still a type of Cuban America.
Why don't you go back to Israel?
No I'm not going to go back to Israel.
Guess what I'm not from Israel.
How do you like that?
I have no right.
Yeah I'm a Jew bastard.
That's right.
A Jew bastard.
A Jew bastard.
And Maddikon that too.
Yeah.
Anything else?
Anything else?
Oh he ran out of material and ran away in here just like Reg Wreath.
Keep going.
Jew bastard.
Maddikon.
See like I said before Cubans basically got three words.
That's all I know.
Maddikon.
Coolo and pingo.
That's it.
That's that.
No seriously.
That's the Cuban.
If you're here in town, you're brand new, you want to learn Spanish.
Those are the only three words that mean anything in the Cuban community.
Maddikon, coolo and pingo.
Those are the only three words you'll ever have to learn.
And you'll get along just fine.
What do you like?
You're laughing because you know it's true.
Yes.
Yes.
56670560.
Pound 560 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile and Palm Beach Garden.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
How you doing?
Hey listen.
What's the story with this baseball game anyway?
I mean, are they trying to like bridge some political gaps or are they trying to recruit people?
They always let me say it again.
It was a baseball game that had nothing to do with politics just like playing ping pong
with a Chinese and it had to do with people.
Okay.
Can you understand it?
When they put the 10 and 11 year old kids over there to play baseball against the 11 year old,
a 10 year old Cuban kid, it had nothing to do with politics.
It had to do with people.
Are you capable of understanding that, sir?
Oh, absolutely.
I was wondering if they were down there recruiting baseball.
Well, of course they are and when they go there to Baltimore and May 3rd or whatever the date is.
Like I said before, Joe Kubas has already said the only way he won't be there is if he's dead.
So he's going to be there with his bunch of playing tickets to the Bahamas and a bunch of cell phones so they can call him
and they can go pick them up and he can sign them like L.D.K. and like Leva.
And we can go through this charade again of how wonderful that is because they're Cubans but now they're here and they're our Cubans.
It's like it's like some of it's like selective, you know,
selective hysteria just like with a pig like I said before when the Pope was there,
there wasn't a peep about the Pope except for me.
There wasn't a peep about the Pope.
Even not again, but he really cares about him.
That's right.
Scream all.
Yeah.
And have a meal.
Yes.
Yes.
Take care.
Okay.
I thought there was going to be something profound there at the end.
Was there?
No.
Yes it was.
5, 6, 7, 9.
How come you always do better than Cubans?
You know something that's only the segment of the Cuban population in his town that I'm sick and tired of.
And so is everybody else here who isn't part of that population, but they don't want to say it.
And I'm giving them the opportunity to say it once and for all they'll never get the message across to the media because the media in his town are pile of amateur hour assholes.
I used to think Michael puttley was a pretty bright guy, but you know something he got sucked into that crappy yesterday.
They made a fool out of him.
They made a jackass out of you Michael.
Michael, Michael motorcycle.
They made you into a jackass.
Pandering, herniatically pandering and paddling and all well, you know, before they came to Cuba, they fixed up all the streets before this baseball.
You know, well, guess what every time we have something here in his town, they take the homeless people off the streets.
They round them all up.
They put out all the nice stuff out there.
They clean up the city.
They get the garbage off the streets.
They get the dead chickens off the lawns in certain parts of town.
They get the the pamper's boxes off town in little Haiti and they clean it all up.
And then as soon as everybody's gone, as soon as the big event is over, we're right back to where we were before.
So who are you kiddin' Michael puttley?
Talk about the popcorn, the kettle purple.
Like Tinky Winky speaking of purple.
Yeah, we're sick of it.
We're sick of living in a goddamn banana boat town with a bunch of corrupt goddamn banana boat politicians.
Who the more corrupt they are, the more beloved they become and the more often they get reelected again over and over again.
Not because they have any idea what the hell they're doing.
That's why Miami and Dave County are both basically bankrupt.
Because God forbid they should be like a real living and breathing place with real tourists to come in here instead of an animal people and French Canadians that nobody else will let come into their town.
That's what we got left.
That's tourism in South Florida.
It's people that they won't allow to come in and play self.
In fact, if you look on a passport of any frog, no, seriously, the only place that will stamp is the South Florida, especially Broward.
Any place else they're on, I'll get back on the plane. We can't let you in here.
And don't go to Ontario because they'll kick your ass out there too, by the way.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Yeah, Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
I'm a member of the Cuban population, man, but I'm a like the, I don't care, man.
I'm in born here.
I'm in born here.
Whatever you hear, these people running around and care of the cloud care, they play baseball, football, basketball, football, football, football.
Or even with the play with each other.
If he doesn't go, I mean, they're bitching about baseball.
They didn't bitch when they took their homes 35 years ago.
They just packed up and left.
Now they're coming bitch here.
Turn tail and ran like a bunch of spineless cowards like a bunch of big reeds.
And they sit here and they try to force it up.
I'm American.
And I live here.
I got to worry about this country.
What happens, man?
That's right.
Okay.
We second that emotion.
So he said the effort.
Okay, you know, they're a little bit emotional, a little bit hot blooded.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
I'm going to say it one more time.
Those of you spineless cowards out there who don't want to articulate the way you feel about this whole thing and about the way the media keeps
just like you're just graduating this town.
Every time another one of these episodes comes along, we've been through a 50 trillion times in this town.
Where are you?
Where are you?
People with some balls, with some brains.
Everybody's got to be a part of, oh, I'm an Italian American.
I'm a Croatian American.
I'm a Siberian.
I'm a Mongoloid idiot American.
What the hell is that?
When are we going to stop with this crap already with a hyphenated humans?
I'm sitting there like I said in that arena last night and between the two things I was thinking about, basically.
First of all, the Jewish beanie baby kids are with the Yarmulkas in their heads.
And the second one was all the fat people.
You know, if you ever want to see, I mean, America is like we're all dying on our fat.
And I'm going to tell you, sunny is death.
It's something good we've got to come out of every tragedy.
And if nothing else knowing that he died of coronary artery disease and because he was fat and his arteries were doing a plong.
That's good.
I mean, I talked a lot the last 100 years about losing all this weight.
Like I said, 197, it's the first time in God only knows how long I've been under 200 on its scale.
I guarantee myself, not you because I owe it to myself, not anybody else.
I'll never see 200 pounds on its scale again.
Ever.
Because you know, you can eat a meal any God then time.
But is it worth dying for?
Is anybody ever hand a meal?
I was so good that it was worth dying for?
No.
No.
No.
F and no.
George, you just tell me about the wildebeest who works here, that fat kid.
Got wrapped his car around a pool because he fell asleep at the wheel over the weekend.
He's okay, thank God that the car is total.
Lucky he's not dead.
See, because when you're fat, you know, you have these sleep apnea things and all these other, all these things.
That it's hard to even stay awake because your body is choking on its own fat.
All of these things.
That's right.
And I sit there in my sheet at the arena and I feel like, I feel like you're in carpenter.
I'm serious, there are so many.
And you know something you're going to die from your fat.
There are people waddling around who can barely walk.
They're so fat.
And that's the American F and way, baby.
Fat.
Fat makes you sick and getting sick makes you dead.
There you go.
Not complicated at all, boys and girls.
It makes you dead.
I mean, I'm on a wild crusade.
I'm on a one man crusade, not for anybody else, for me.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
People always call my thunder.
Let's give Cubits favorite nation stas like we do China.
When they have their crisis like North Korea, let's feed them.
It's why we just select in Cuba.
Because we're pandering, that's why.
Because what we got to answer because we're pandering.
From 0.0.2% of the population is from Cuba so we going to
America, that's right.
Because let's forget the crograf.
Now these people...
People shalt down.
They're trying to make AT&T.
And MCI gives them the money to them and they're Cuban telephone companies.
Our politics are this country don't make sense at all.
That's right.
And this town, it's hopeless.
It's all together hopeless.
I mean, if they could count in round you up right now they could walk you down
way just for saying that you know and people threaten the Baltimore Orioles or even you for
even saying what you say exactly because they believe you know a freedom of spine as long
as they believe that you say what they like hey the taste is great okay come that's what they
remember okay we're tracing the number okay give that number on here five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line oh he's a bearded ruthless dictator wow what a
bulletin baby wow is that big news he's a terrorist he's a thug wow what a revelation
even uh even uh Paul and Peter and all those other goyem never saw revelations like that
you see you've got you have to isolate yourself from all the insanity because the world is a
crazy crazy place like that song says by marmalade the world is an awful place to live but it's
the only thing we got okay so you make the best of it you de-d you're DNH you make the best of it
and you try to avoid all these all these insane people these intolerant crazy people
persecuting each other with their religion i mean i got a crazy woman at the arena
trying to tell me what kind of outfit i'm supposed to be wearing in my seat there
she's telling me what kind of god damn jacket i'm supposed to be wearing this crazy bitch
talk about intolerant go mind your own business your fat bitch and lose some weight by the way
before your croak comes waddling up the stairs that's what we got in that arena by the way the
waddlers i'm serious they must have given preferential treatment to all us fat people to get in that
place
we stay in school don't go out on your own because there's a whole lot of stuff you just can't do at home
search all around but you won't see
the patty stick to the ceiling smoking in the bathroom making out in the hall
or hitting the fat kid with a speeding dodgeball
yeah i remember the headlight and throw a paper watch with the fire alarm blow up the toilet
with a cherry farm dissect a frog in biology class find yourself a nerd and what's his name
will you be a hit in camera street when you make a class about your valedicts
start a food try to milk out your nose or when you go to school with anything goes to stay in school
don't go out on your own because there's a whole lot of stuff you just can't do at home
but search all around but you won't see the seat d-bombs with the d-d-d-d
search all around but you won't see a seat d-bombs with the d-d-d-d-d-d
object says inside of that he's gonna work on his g-e-d it's 1103 at 560 WQM
open lines baby still several of them here which just amazes the living snot out of my fat body
560 705 60 pound 560 on the 18t wireless line they absolutely will not open their mouth and speak
here's Miami hello good morning yes sir how are you okay
the meal of the problem that you're speaking of seems to me to to go back to something even more
basic this is now and has been for some years a one newspaper town yeah the problem with that
by the way there was time feeler on there from the herald sucking a row with Michael Putney
pandering and pandering he's probably got a broken back today i was just about to get to feedler and
uh... little piece of little twerp feedler and uh whatever whatever that other uh uh uh uh
disgrace his name is um in major markets uh there was traditionally in america two three
sometimes four competing newspapers uh uh as that's back in the days when americans were smart
enough to read a newspaper that's all gone in a pastor as we have all in the past
well it still exists for example in one city that you're particularly fond of Toronto well
yeah but that's a real city that's not in this country in case you have a notice that was standing
right um when when we when one is living in a one newspaper one media town one then one point of
view only one point of view gets promulgated as it were and and gets passed down through all of the
other filters and when that particular newspaper is the main source of feeding the the quotation
marks political reporting on the on television uh as pitiful as it is yeah that compounds the problem
if you yeah but Michael putney and the people at channel ten don't work for the hero even though
they haven't been such a relationship and the rest of the media don't work for the mimey hero
the fact is that all of the media almost unanimously in this town are bending over backward and they
always do it every single time when the pope was here all it was a wonderful thing it was great
they had no problem with his sitting around uh sucking up the castrow no probably was a great thing
and wonderful things which we're going to happen which we never didn't we never never going to happen
it's the entire media in this town are so terrified by the by these people that sit in domino
park playing with each other all day who make a lot of noise you know they showed the demonstration
they had out there the other day we're like a hundred or two hundred people out there with their
signs and most of them older than the fuselah all right not being as and by the way speaking out
Toronto by the way now you know as well as I do you've got a gigantic Chinese population of
gigantic Middle Eastern Pakistan and Indian population you got uh English speaking Canadians you
got a few frogs in it at snake den everybody gets along there is none of this that goes on
actually Canadians have have pretty much uh learned to sublimate or been forced by political
correctness to sublimate this kind of thing other than the other than the Quebec business which
they ought to slice that off the map and let them float out in the sea other than that everybody
gets along not being as used to speaking publicly as you are i'm not quite as quite as a
depth but let me make the point uh patnie is a graduate of the of the uh school of school of thought
yeah which will only become exacerbated now that albert de bargwein is the publisher i don't believe
that the that the herald ever met and illegal immigrant it didn't like i don't know they're not
at the look at the front page i think it was friday or saturday uh in you know with a color photo
with everything going on in the world uh bottom of the front page including a color photo of some
illegal immigrant that had falsified his papers it was sent back to hayt by the ian s uh now a
major story uh supported by the herald i think that the herald actually though it's not out of touch
it's people like you like me and other uh other animals see other normals and if anybody
calls me an anglo i'll shoot them that are better that are now out of touch okay i'll see you around
me how did you know i was a canadian at a great day okay see on church street not
yeah all right there you go i see those uh anguish-begin Canadians man they're the solveteer they got
a brain that's why you know they may come here for a little while but they get to hell out they get
to hell out of this place say uh you know this like i said it could be paradise but you people in the
media just like with a casino gambling brainwashing brainwashing all the sky's gonna fall the world's
gonna come to an end you're so full of crap man it's coming out of every pore in your body if we
only had somebody in this town i think i said if we had a real newspaper do we have one no
we got two horseball newspapers two right wing fascist and by the way speaking of right wing
school prayer issue revisited and dead some no-speak any english on the school board martha for
res oh yeah let's get prayer back because we got so much violence and martha says children
who have a religious upbringing seem to do better morally i guess you missed all those stories like
an arkansas and all those other kids who uh you know ran around shooting everybody all with
their big religious upbringing and ran to their pastor to see i like what do i do now
get must have missed those stories martha
let's let's instill all of our youngsters with a lot more fairy tales okay let's keep
living in the big lie oh he's in heaven now
what are you getting excited about god damn it because actually i have a little bit of energy
they blood sugar 74 weight under 200 i'm doing it a long ways to go about 30 pounds but i'll do it
finally after all these fall starts after all these premature uh
squirt squirt evaluations finally gonna do it in spite of these vassas and don't be
sent him anymore smarties anymore god damn fishboot anymore food of any kind we find carbor
hydrates take it and because if you do i'll rip you on the s i'll do a whole show on anybody that
tries to send me any of that crap that all you people are choking and dying on
what a jackass i'm and i'm gonna say it very proudly i admit to being a fool and idiot a moron
a jackass here i'm a diabetic and i'm eating all that god damn vendingeries ice cream and all that
candy all those smarties i'm an imbecile i'm a jackass i'm an idiot i'm mess
acoustic i'm suicidal i must be
but while i still got a breath of it i'm gonna wait for a doctor by the way to save me from
this is that gonna happen oh oh my god how those test results come in doctor mark from two
and a half weeks ago the rest of those results they're coming in slow is that what he said they're
coming in slowly in fact write him down on my tombstone oh yeah that uh whatever
there was a no farmer who's a dog here i eat that in the middle just taking his piss at some
boys who were down by the prick there being the water there ends on their marbles and play
things and at half past four there's hema young lady she looked like a pretty young creature
she said on the graph she pulled up her dress and she showed them her rottles and leases and white
fluffy duck she said she wasn't learning a new way to bring up her children so they would not
spend while the boys in the barnyard were shoveling wrapped you send litter from yesterday's hunt
while the girl in the meadow was rubbing her eye that the fellow down by the dot he looked like
a man with a side of a home in the country with a big fence out front if he has her fun lightly
she showed him her nesto pet dog who was subject to bits and maybe she let him grab hold of her
small tender hands with the movement so quick and then she bent over and sucked out his candy so
he made a butter sky and then he spread whipped cream all over her cooked teeth that she had left
out on her shelf if you think this is dirty you can go to yourself love a 16 to 5 60 WQM
Jim's mad dog mandates this afternoon to the city up for a hanko bird that's just a clock we've
got the booster till NCAA champions your basketball time 845 tonight and a K after the game if he don't lose his ass
oh he will lose his ass so by the way speaking of sizable uh whatever so I was watching Pantheor
weekly a little yesterday by accident start last five minutes of that they were like doing some interviews
in the Panther locker room after one game and there was Ray Whitney stark naked but only like from
the above the nipples to the you know with that gold chain around his neck there you go Ray
oh god he does have a pair so anyway you know and of course the last night at the arena by the way
they showed the first half of that show and I was sitting there salivating waiting for the last
to have they cut it off they want to get some of us to excited there in the macarena showing Ray
Whitney naked again so anyway as they're showing this then the interview radical and I see standing
in the background Robert the grim greeper from the four sir and I said to him I said okay you're
in there with all those guys naked yeah I said well how big was Ray when he said about nine inches
huh I said that's not what Christina Moore told me she said we're looking at 10 inches yeah so there
must be a discrepancy there huh take me to your ruler Robert the grim greeper standing there
with a bunch of naked guys in the shower boy little they know but he's confused he's still searching
for an identity maybe when he gets to be like 28 or 29 here's a mobile in Miami hello
mobile in Miami going once okay long gone here's another mobile in Miami hello
hello me how you doing okay sir listen it's probably how this Cuban situation brings out the best
in people isn't it on both sides not only at Cubans but also you know all these people calling in
you know the bigots calling in what what bigots are we all the gentlemen it's just
called you mean the one that called me a Jew bastard yeah oh and then also on the Cubans and you know
what is there with these people they're just sour you know sour people are probably calling it
from Broward they were kicked out of date no no they know I used to live in day two sir I wasn't
kicked out of date I moved out I've got other like a bad on the hill why did you move out because it
was getting crowded it was getting a no-speaketing glace and it was getting dangerous there's a lot of
time and I'm just saying that and that those are the people they have a big problem and I'm just
sure sir let me let me explain to you okay people when they live in America if I I visit as
you know I do a lot of traveling if I want to visit a foreign country I do so voluntarily I don't
want to live while in the U.S. I don't want to live in a foreign country but what is the U.S. the U.S. is
is is is uh nothing but that's all it is yeah so what so let me ask you so let me ask you when's
made counting going to start melting oh well it's starting up a long time ago don't get me wrong
I'm not siding with any side here I'm just trying to say why not don't you have an opinion
oh I have a yeah that really have a billion well what is it my opinion is that both sides are bigots
well there's bigots all over the place but because you don't because you think this baseball game
yesterday was flagulated by the local media doesn't make me or anybody else a bigot
is fragile it is by everybody no no no it was not no it was not I said on friday here on his show I
said I'm not going to talk about it as much as you do about nothing I said if anybody calls about
it today I'm going to hang up on them well I'm calling about the situation and I don't give a
crap about the game I don't give a crap who won right all I care about is the people that are calling
up you know the errant and raving the hunk and the china about this you know get a ice I
invited them to call up I want people to start opening up their mouth and talking about what a
bunch of pandewars the media are here maybe we can you know tone them down a little bit if it's
old it's sale it's not the eating definitely stay on you know but you do a good job there man okay
I drink a show I stick here me to okay there you go we finally got to see what I'm saying cool
my to call him penga that's all it's a very simple vocabulary then we can all get long together
that's what Rodney King said I don't start with the smarts is they leave them till tomorrow
I'm an african-american I'm a Cuban-american oh you're not you're a goddamn person okay
be a fricking person already assholes man so easily manipulated when you're gonna grow just
just a little teeny tiny pair we got like 8 million jolies out there
little simpering uh wannabe's like wannabe a real human being but can't can't quite the you know
motivate themselves can't get the cahons to do it got 50 million Greg Reads running around
their spineless gutless running and hiding yeah I said can you believe that story well sure
you can because you know what happens all the time well I'm gonna call you right back phone
ring the loudest and maybe it was Greg Re doing duffa Lindsay's voice you think that could have been
a little impersonation there oh let's do the fake boys in soft Miami here's soft Miami hello
hello Nell yeah I just want to slightly disagree with you fake voice no this thing I lived on the
west coast for many years west coast of what a california yes and it was well known that van koova was
given the nickname of hung koova I'm sure you're familiar with this because of so many of the Chinese
immigrants moving there from Hong Kong right there was a problem that was present are they hung
in van koova they're here well it's also known as a moose the Amsterdam of no no no no no that no
that's the Toronto is the sister city of Amsterdam it is I didn't make that I will see the guy's
laughing it is it may be the sister city but in fact well as far as weed is concerned is right is
definitely the spot yeah what a recently date line gave a story on rams with a problem that
was occurring in van koova and some of the outline areas where many of the transplants from Hong Kong
one of those things start up again well what they were doing was buying up into residential areas
and actually knocking down these people moved to Toronto the trouble makers move to Hong Kong that's
right the good things are in Toronto I love them well they have families of maybe 10 or 20 people
in the family and most of the the new residents of Hong Kong yeah and what they would do
a lot of those black people have trouble with addition but they can multiply but anyway well they
would knock down a house and something of course that you know we would look forward to someone
moving through now you're talking about Haitians in Miami we don't have to go on here we got
50 50 family houses they're about three by five there you are a diverse lot of pamper's boxes
out there on the street that's not like that they were that's the Haitian I have never seen
little Haiti you'll Haiti it they were actually you know doing just the opposite they were moving
into say areas such as what would be considered what is it what are you saying I mean let's get
to the bottom line and I'm trying to spice it up a little bit but between that voice actually what
they're what they're trying to accomplish now is they were trying to accomplish they were actually
bringing up the residential areas right in terms of well I've been saying for weeks now let's
get some Chinese people down here all right thank you sir that wasn't a funny voice he just got a
bad voice why do you always think people are going to fake boys if they got a crappy voice he can't
help it he's got a crappy voice right they're alone already they were bringing up the hood let's get
some Chinese people and plant just a few families in Liberty City and over town in alapada in
plantation acres any place huh I'd be proud to have a bunch of Chinese people in my neighborhood
and who now wouldn't they're educated they're bright the guys don't have any here on their chest
I mean what what more could you want huh seriously what's wrong with that let's get some educated
people in here instead of a bunch of superstitious people choking chickens under front lawn let's
have a little variety here instead of just you know we got what 10 families including my buddies
up there at Animal Coast we got 10 families they're going to Chinese restaurant everybody else we
can't find them let's get some Asian people in here god damn it you don't see no Chinese people
running around screaming and hollering and carrying on all over America because they're you know
diddling with China and buying all those real cheap crappy products oh you're buying them five six
seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t wireless line here's Miami hello hello now yes sir
hey for a large-time business for some color Colombian my name is Leo Colombian here's another
Colombian folks now we're talking now we can get some good stuff yeah Rob being Colombian now
something wrong with that I love Colombian I know they got some good we do even better than the
Chinese I would say and you know check this out I've been wanting to call for a long time right by
my boss Colombians are a very sensual people but anyway go ahead I don't want to get into that big
time douchebag my bag my boss is right mine mine too yours too and mine is a finalist do you
that he's that in the office today so we're calling today it's just a you know a co-worker and I
were here in the office good listen I was talking to you the day about the icons diet yeah and he says
the worst diet I could do why is that well what does he know about it you just a douchebag himself
he's some kind of a diet expert yeah that's what he thinks he's another Colombian yeah I know
I know what he is he's an asshole yeah asshole huh right I said that you didn't I don't want to
jeopardize your job your boss is an asshole I'll just keep saying it ain't no check this out yeah
can you play one of those bits for me actually it's for my boss he really loves that cowboy dick
yeah I bet he does okay okay we have a couple open lines on here I want to keep these things pumping
here today for crying out loud have have an opinion have something to say they're trying to and of
course I didn't watch the game yesterday they're probably most of you didn't either stupid baseball
game an exhibition baseball game but the way the media action this town like this this was
a one of the great events and let me say it again how come we don't have anybody saying including
my friends in the media when the pope was over there sucking fatales bearded ass that was great oh
it's wonderful let's cover it well with a blanket let's go over there and stroke them both
one with each a lip but now because the Baltimore guys I say I mean let me ask you seriously who
is better known in the world who's supposed to be like a very important figure a spiritual leader
of almost a billion people all over the world the Orioles Peter Angelo's Cal Ripkin or like maybe the
Pope huh even though we know we know we know he's got some bad weed over there exactly like that
and a bad restaurant top of it maybe somebody in the media could explain to me the difference between
the way you people sucked his ass and covered it like a bunch of cheerleaders with the pom-poms and
then when a ball game goes on that it means absolutely nothing except Joe Kuba will be able to smuggle
in a couple more players out of Baltimore then all of a sudden you're trying to whip everybody up
into a frenzy in this town like we don't have enough real problems like those Jewish beanie
baby guys at the hockey game why are you airing shit like this hey what's eating cowboy dick hey
I'm a cruise there's nothing like a little cowboy dick I forgot I want something I've got a
craving yeah well how about some cowboy dick oh the cowgirls love my cowboy dick and I should
know because I'm cowboy dick I like my cowboy dick with some nuts no problem partner introducing cowboy
dick with not so big you can hardly wrap your lips around my young and love cowboy dick
hey I'm feel your posse with my cowboy dick oh cowboy dick here try it how is it I can't talk my
mouth is full of cowboy dick she smiling she smiling feeling your mouth with my cowboy dick
a cowboy in your groceries freezer whoo whoo whoo once you had your first cowboy dick you won't ever go back
would you fill with cowboy dick you'll scream oh yeah love a thirty two and five fifty wq anybody ever
ordered by a private box to get their mail in like I'm doing now for the last several months and then
discover that certain things aren't showing up even things that have been signed for by people that
working those places and you look in your box and guess what it isn't there and you call them up
and they say oh I'll have to check in with there's a whole line of people there I'll get back to you
but one thing that are signed for by somebody like that were delivered united parcel that they
have somebody signature and the date and time when it was delivered and they mysteriously don't
show up in your mailbox and like when you're wall street journal which I do throw in the uh I mean
it's a it's a right wing piece of crap which doesn't do any good no matter how many studies it's
useless even though I do throw it in their waistbands good every day when it starts showing up like
maybe once out of every of seven or eight times it's supposed to every day and you start wondering
you know what's going on over there you know I'm talking about
here's a mobile in four-letter mail hello yes yes sir pronto what is this pronto pronto pronto pronto yes pronto
okay how you doing okay this thing with you but I think it's a big show that's my opinion and
you got to look like every day right yeah I'm out of material okay well he said it was going to
be pronto to until that's how you answer the phone Italy dummy but he give me a look pronto that's how
you answer the phone you know you you better brush up on your attendants mr. forget at school for
a group of people at school everything they ever got from the Romans including that fetish with the
rectum five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
here's Kendall hello that's a hard act to follow their nail he had some great material unfortunately
he didn't share with us but you know and you know the next time this is that in Kendall listen
on this mat is Helen I'm not going to take any more I I grew some beads today I grew a couple of
good I got the number you for anybody there is pissed off like me I heard a couple of your
your other callers yeah five seven six six three nine seven is channel 10
nice oh five p-o-5 correct I told them that Michael putty like your your other
callers and no objectivity whatsoever no the whole purpose of that entire thing yesterday was
I guess because they had a little bit of flag over the fact that we're going to carry the game
so as we sell now they had to turn around and just bend over due doing backward summer solts
to try to appease those two or three hundred people in dominoe park and show them that all we
hit cast are even more than you do and this is a terrible thing and it's whatever it was you know
and one of the worst things that I found so shameless was the general manager had to get on
there make a disclaimer that they were not making any money off of that show that's all yeah
that program and any money and they they were actually going to lose money
who care yeah who can I'm shedding all kinds of tears for the money that the tv station did
this time lose I just I can't say they're raping this community and did you read I don't know if
you did read the article by Dan LaBaster I wouldn't read his column if you paid me by the word
it was comical and I would like to say to Dan you're not and you're not writing editorials
you're writing a sports column keep your opinions to yourself as far as politics yeah
right yeah since when did he become a political observer all of a sudden absolutely Neil please I
can't take anymore I just wish more people were to get pissed off and change things around here okay
I'm out of here god bless you okay see there you go that's what I'm looking for some people with
some feeling about this everybody is so god damn lethargic in this town we've gone through almost
the whole season in the macarena and I you know I know nobody else cares about this because they're
got like 20 other hockey fans out there the red light you still can't see it and we're gonna
and it's obvious we're gonna go through the whole season and you can't see when the goal is scored
and you got 18 or 19 thousand people in there jiggling around looking up at the god then big
scoreboard they don't care that's the problem with this town that's why it's become what it is
because you got a bunch of the larger people whose brains are rotting in the sun or whatever's
going on they don't care whatever it is fill in the blank oh we don't care about that we don't
know from it we don't care about it and so as a result you know the old saying about the greasy
a wheel gets the the squeaky wheel gets the grease that's why those 200 people are in dominoe park
running around with their placards whether they're running around there or wherever they're running
around carrying on and screaming the on that's why they get all the attention to media because
number one to me do want to pander anyway and number two they only want to pander those people make
all the noise like all the old parts and Hollywood Beach oh somebody had a t-shirt life is a beach
we've got also they start up for the old parts in haladale whatever it is all they got to get
this 20 or 30 phone calls or people running around protesting and picketing and right away oh gee
we better pacify them because everybody else there in La La land they got no opinion they got
nothing to say this town needs a goddamn exorcism is what it needs for Christ's sakes
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless on I should know better than anybody else I sit here
every single day of my life whipping and beating and flagulating these bastards do I get a response
no no I mean just working overtime to try to elicit no matter what it is we're talking about
just to try to drain the squeeze to elicit something like the one guy that called you know well
you know that's on both sides as I said don't you have an opinion he was doing a Jeff
before the florister writing the fancy probably had he probably has a bruise
back on this point which I can give him some good pointers on that by the way and at default by
the way you're full of crap man you're entitled to your opinion for your opinion full of crap
about this fidel thing and oh gee how do you know talk about pandering give it give me a break okay
I check the demographics and your ratings by the way as minute as they are to Jeff the florister
believe me the Julio's except for the five or six that we're calling sucking around the one good
guy like I said 10 minutes to 10 that call call should be a tape and played every hour on the hour
from a Cuban gentleman little I don't know how 40s 50s 60 however old he was not a kid
just chewing them out and rightfully so about how the angle meeting that sounding just like
radio mom B catering and sucking around and pandering we have enough people pandering already in
this town depot the freaking ballgame which I know in your case you know you think it's a lot more
important than it really is just a goddamn ballgame I didn't hear anybody screaming when we were
playing ping pong against the Chinese anybody scream about that no where they screaming on a morning
show about the goddamn pulp over there with his dress on no you bet your sweet ass they weren't
like this guy says to Dan love bastard leave the politics to the politicians and people that know
something about it and stick with your you know ping pong games stick with your goddamn ladies golf
and the lipton baby you melt my jockey shorts come along some foggy it's frozen down with king
I'm a whip my boots not till so but something's not gonna stay oh I am not so long
this life just ain't for me gonna trade for nice and sweet big Bruce
be set with free
of big Brucey I'm going down today there's all things up my closet and found out I was
okay good
oh so
back it gets yourself a clear
oh
hey
Brucey
hey
shit up your ass
hey
Brucey
hey
Brucey
hey
hey
hey
hey
hey
hey
hey
money
mix
plant
cards
the
red
heart
but
i think this is a
immigrant
Yeah, Zeta. It's a Zeta card.
So that's like 12 years ago.
And we couldn't say take it up.
There we are. Now we can say take it up.
The ass whatever you like.
See, we're making some progress boys and girls.
Huh? Right Sally?
Take it up.
Yeah.
What a juvenile fricking country this is man.
Juvenile.
So Dr. Mark's gonna fact me the rest of my results
from my blood test.
He said no big deal.
You might lift at the end of the show.
Hey, I got news for you.
The way it's going lately,
every day when I come in,
I wonder if I'm gonna lift it into the show.
But I'm doing it.
You can deny it.
Seriously, I sit there in that game last night
and I've noticed it before,
but not quite as consciously.
Maybe I was just paying attention
because I'm so psychotic about weight and health right now
because as you get older and people around you
like good guys like Sunny Hurst start dying prematurely
from fat, you start becoming more acutely aware of these things.
And I'm watching all of these people.
I mean, just in my section and the one note, the right.
Okay, whatever I guess it's 134.
Just in those two sections.
I'm watching all these big men and women by the way,
not just guys who look like apartment complexes,
they're so fat.
They're not gonna live very long.
You're gonna be dead.
What are you thinking about?
Are you nuts?
Jesus, what are come to your slabs we are?
And like I said, see if I were skinny,
then I'd be an asshole to be saying these things.
I've been fighting fat for 38 years.
So believe me, I know fat.
Only once in my life, 1974 and 1975,
I lost 100 pounds.
I went from up close to 270 to about 170.
I looked great, I felt great.
I was getting all the action I could handle.
I mean, it was great.
Life was in West Palm, a J&O.
Man, was that a great year?
I was wearing like real living and breathing clothes.
I didn't have to go in there say,
I'll give me a pup pet in the guaya barra please.
Oh, listen, thank God we got the humans
because without guaya barra,
look at all the years I never would have made it.
And fat rich too.
See guys who wear, I mean, Anglo guys
that wear guaya barra is the only reason we ever wore those
is because you can't wear a shirt that you tuck in.
I'll never forget when I finally lost enough weight,
I could start tucking in my shirt.
I said, oh yeah.
But a guaya barra is like a tent covers up a lot of evils.
I think they wear them over there in tent city.
Here's a mobile in Evan Ture, hello.
I hate you, I'm so ticked to the Panther organization.
We've got a $60 million investment
and they sent them to that doctor.
Why don't you, do you want to check out the doctor?
Like I said, I'm Colorado, it works on Marino.
You read Ian Heckman, Duncan now James,
Dr. James from Mobile, Alabama.
We get these guys.
And after he finally went out that they messed him up
over the piglin clinic,
now they're sending a Povila Alabama with him.
Yeah, you ever watch those doctors?
I sat behind them for five years at the old arena.
And they don't, they don't.
And he know by the way, we may never play again.
Right, he go has to, he finally got smart
when Detroit could check that.
What about Gordon Murphy?
These doctors sit there, especially that ball headed geek
since they're so bored at the hockey game.
I feel like just smack at his head.
He just sits there and we have to get it
to go do some treatment there to the players
all that ball in me.
Wake up, my God.
Exactly.
And what just, he's got his hands, duck halfway up
with nose, every single game.
Yeah.
He's just kissing me off.
OK, excellent call, great.
By the way, speaking of doctors,
there's a doctor that sits in front of us at the arena.
There's a few seats down.
I mean, we got a little bit of a problem
around the front of us.
OK, I mean, the people that sit directly in front,
you know, I just give up.
I mean, they're hopeless, you know, with little babies
and holding up in the air and they're up and down.
They're switching seats like, like, they're sitting
in hot seats.
I mean, you know, just pick a seat and sit down already.
OK, but I give up on them.
They're hopeless.
They're making a little bit of improvement,
but it's very slow, you know.
But this doctor who's a great guy, by the way,
he and I had a conversation.
Remember, I told you weeks ago about how he's got
none of his patients on the atkins.
Remember that ball headed guy?
Great guy.
Don't take a personal doc unless you want to.
But he and his wife stood up.
It was it was late in the, I mean,
there's a crucial point in the game.
OK, I think late in the second period.
And New Jersey's got a power play and they're all over us.
They're in our end and they're like,
just all over the place.
It's a miracle they're not scoring.
And he and his wife decide now it's the time to get up
and they're going to like, oh, do what?
I have no idea.
And right in front of us, and of course,
it's to my left, there to my left.
So can we see anything that's going on?
No, no.
And the young guy and his girlfriend behind me
said, what are you standing up for now?
Why now?
What are you doing?
Seriously, they could bring in a battery of psychologists
just to do a study on the behavior of the people in that arena.
And they could be there for years and not complete their study
and just be astonished to see what goes on.
I mean, even when they had that stupid thing up there
with the, you know, which thing is the puck under,
you know, with the puck shuffle.
They had to kill some time in between when the action stops.
Most places they don't pay any attention to that.
Here it's like, oh, that's a major thing.
Oh, number one.
Number, they're all screaming and they're yelling.
We have two open lines, five, six, seven, oh, five, 60.
Seriously, I don't get these people.
I can't relate to them.
I don't understand what their brain is that,
what they're thinking about.
Maybe they're all choking on that fat.
And I know people get insulted like that bitch out there
that fat cow from Phoenix, you know?
The one who all of a sudden became a chronic car
two days in a row.
How dare you?
You know, people get insulted.
I don't get insulted.
If somebody says to me, in fact, I get more insulted
when somebody, a lot of people, because they like to suck up,
oh, you're not so fat.
You're always talking about how fat you are.
You're not fat at all.
Bull crap.
If I didn't start losing some weight,
if I was still running around 200, when I was at IOD,
when I went there, I weighed almost 240 pounds.
That's how much weight I had gained back
since my great JNO days in 75.
I was about, I think, 237.
If I still went, I'd be dead.
I'd be a fat guy in a box.
So maybe you think it's very amusing.
Maybe you think, you know, you don't have any of them.
But there comes a point you say to yourself,
do I want to die?
Is this gonna taste so great that I want to die?
My answer is simple.
No.
I've done, and I love that meal of root,
which by the way, that was the perfect actin's meal.
I came home, my blood sugar was like 110.
Great.
After a big steak and barbecue shrimp,
all actin's a little bit of spinach here with cheese,
which, you know, a little carbs there, but not too much.
Killer carbs.
Dr. Remarkin, I should get together and write a book
called Killer Carbs, because that is what's killing you people
out there, sugar and refined carbohydrates,
which are loaded with sugar and all kinds of other crap.
That's what's killing the American public.
Not fat.
Not F-18, not dietary fat, but public fat on your body,
that you get from killer carbohydrates.
You don't have to be some kind of an expert.
An aerobic weekend, you turn on a TV and you flip through
and there's 75,000 infomercials.
They're selling pills.
They got that quack with the smoked shoulders.
Looks like a hunchback to you.
The great American scam, whatever that thing is called.
All these people, and why are they doing it?
Because there's fatter and fatter and fatter America,
and we're dying from it, like sunny,
herstide from fat.
And like I said, Booge, you know, you can take it personally.
You can have thin skin, although it'll never hold
in the fat if it's too thin.
It'll be oozing out.
But a lot of people are commenting, even Rimmer,
at dinner, and they said, boy, Booge,
you're getting enormous, isn't it?
We want you to lose that.
We want you to live, sweetheart.
We don't want you to die in your own fat.
You were a young guy.
You got your whole life ahead of you,
like William Holden said in network.
We'll even take you to the foot of the George Washington Bridge.
Just don't jump number one.
And number two, maybe it'll kill some time.
You won't be eating in a cab.
Stop with the food.
Stop with the madness.
Here's South Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good morning, sir.
When is the end?
I do want to thank you for you taking the kind of
standard you're taking and what's going on in this city.
It is refreshing to know that somebody out of so many people
is willing to express a free opinion here.
We are having to worry about what could happen to him.
I call today at seven o'clock, the program
of the threeest two judges in your station.
The worst team, yeah.
And what happened by the way?
I thought Ranieri was throwing you there.
Go ahead.
What they tell me when I disagree with them politely,
like I am, I mean, yellow them.
And I is that I was a pro-castro community.
Who said that?
The three of them are a unison like.
Started with the people and then the two other ones.
You didn't even gel me that little four-year-old.
Yeah, they only talk about pro-castro.
Do you hear what he said about castors?
See them on TV yesterday?
Hey, that's a good looking guy.
Yeah.
But anyway, anyway, it's good that you say this in particular
because your station is the only station from Miami
that can be heard in Cuba.
It's not in the organization that is not blocked.
All the other ones, including ILD, not because of,
or when a political stand, because in the process of blocking
the station next to them, they also blocked 610.
Your station is listening.
I just came back from Cuba, Wednesday.
And this event was a big event on the people,
not with the government.
And by the way, let me say this, what were they talking about?
There are 50,000 people in the stadium.
We're all hand-picked and it's good.
But the fact is, it was on television.
Everybody that had a TV set was able to see it in Cuba.
So what were the people in the stadium going to see
that the people watching that TV work on?
On television and on radio.
And you know what somebody said yesterday?
And you're not in your station, and ILD,
that only two or three people in every neighborhood
had television, which is an outright lie.
In Cuba, about 90% of their household
on television.
Like I was told George before I came on air,
when I went to Caracas that time,
and they drove me from the airport to the downtown,
and you drive through the winding mountains in Caracas,
and all those poor sluppers living up there.
They all have a little,
Airbnb houses got a TV antenna.
There's little tin roof checks.
Everybody's got a TV, but they may not have any clothes,
but they got a TV set.
You got it.
It looked like a Christmas tree at night when you looked at it.
It was a Santa Cable, that's right.
But anyway, I really appreciate you taking this time,
you taking, and they are the channel 10 in particular.
I called them yesterday,
and I was able to talk to somebody alive,
not to the recorded, and what they told me,
when I expressed my opinion that there was a program
totally out of balance.
They had 10 people, and not a decent opinion
in the 10 people.
Well, what they told me was like that.
Like, Cookie Robertson on Sunday morning,
they have now with the four Nazis running around.
Right, so what they,
and George Stephan Toppobus, who's a turnt co, yeah.
So the lady that was speaking to me,
the one thing that she said,
very surprised, are you Cuban?
And I said, of course,
but do you think that all the Cubans in this community
think that things are right?
That's another thing.
They make a bad mark on the good Cubans,
which there's a hell of a lot in this town,
who aren't part of that banana boat,
right wing the old eggs out community,
or part of that mentality,
and they try to make it a bit.
Most of the Cubans couldn't give a crap
or bless about that ballgame.
And the problem that people like me
is that we don't have anywhere
that we can express our opinion
because what they really side of Cuba
is what they have implanted in Miami.
Right, exactly.
If you don't think like,
if you don't think like,
I do, you have no right to speak.
And if, and you had the right to speak,
as long as you say what I wanted to hear,
this is what goes on in the Cuban media.
And what Michael taught me,
and what on this grace?
That was not an incredible shame
because up to yesterday,
I did respect Michael Pony.
And you say that you don't read
the unlever car column,
but he used what is used commonly
in the Cuban community
to compare the situation with Cuba,
with the situation with the Nazis and the Guillaas.
And that's offensive.
That is offensive to any sensitive human being,
to compare Castro with Hitler,
is to minimize what happened in the Holocaust.
And I do thank you for giving me this opportunity.
And I'll have to carry me this.
Right.
157.560.
See, there's a lot of people out there like him.
And this guy is in some spring chicken
like Kent Generation.
This guy's been around a block a few times.
He knows what it's all about.
He knows what he's being pandered to.
And Michael Ponyau was thought was very dry
and boring,
and suited with a Lexu,
but a really good guy.
But yesterday, Michael, you sold out.
You've got no credibility left.
You in Dwight Lauderdale
and the Compton,
or Chicago,
over there at Channel 10.
And thank God I never watched their news.
I never watched the only person over there
who's got any credibility is done.
No.
Who's a good weather guy?
Other than that, they suck.
I hope that the ghost of Ann Bishop comes
and drives you off
and a guy named Diesel Rig.
Never to be seen again the whole bunch of you.
All right.
As the...
Get out of you, Bob.
Yes.
We just can't use ya.
You've been around way too long.
Cast no.
You are asleep faster.
You've turned too long.
You've lost it.
The Bay of Peace
should have worked.
See, tell you make me sick.
Get out of you, but quick.
You are so goddamn rich.
You am ego son of a bitch.
You're so dumb.
This all we know you like
are you behind the striker?
Where were you in 63?
Three did you kill Kennedy?
Yes.
More than, more than, more than, more than, more than, more than, more than, more than, more than, more than,
get out now and be your nation.
Are you into masturbation?
Yes.
Diesel will live the embargo.
Cuba will become another kilo of USA.
USA.
We're turning all the wraps and modes away.
Loser.
Cast no.
Get out of Cuba.
We just can't use ya.
You've been around way too long.
Cast no.
You are asleep faster.
I could you?
I'm thinking.
Sit down.
Get out of Cuba quick.
You are so goddamn rich.
You are in ego son of a bitch.
This all we know are you like?
Are you behind the striker?
Where were you in 63?
Did you kill John Kennedy?
More than, more than, more than, more than, more than, more than, now and be your nation.
Are you in the next foundation?
If there will be a billion buggles,
you will be coming out of the kilago.
You are safe.
You are safe.
You are safe.
You are the grass and pots away.
Lucy.
Lucy.
Lucy.
Let's go.
What happened to I-poppy?
It's a five-bedded space known.
If I see two things we know about Castro, number one,
he's an asshole.
And number two, he ain't going anywhere.
So that's all you need to know.
Here's a plantation.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, buddy.
How you doing?
I have a car, you know, a coon stage.
I've got all these things I want to talk to you about.
Okay.
Real quick.
How is that old coon?
Go ahead.
First of all, I was working on a house and I had that game on it.
I just knew, boy, I couldn't wait till 10 o'clock this morning.
I knew you would be falling at the mall.
I am.
And you know something like I said, I watched maybe two or three minutes of the
four-play because, you know, I was watching the Pittsburgh Buffalo Wooded
Hell of a game.
I don't have a satellite.
And I was watching that.
So I'm not going to waste my time watching some stupid mean.
What's the biggest family?
Where's that part?
No.
Oh, they had to.
Were you on there?
No.
No, it wasn't George.
It was a Cuban couple.
They had a bet on who would win and Michael Pudney's running around some bar down in
Havana.
Little Havana talking about this and that.
Who's going to win the game?
I mean, just what you said, it was a real panda and sucked job.
You know, I mean, Cuban people on television could see the Orioles had better uniforms
than the Cuban national team.
That's all we'd need.
I forgot to do it on top of you guys.
See, we had better uniforms, guys.
What are we going to win you lose than they won a game anyway?
So that's it.
What I keep asking myself and you do the same is I don't understand why everybody was so happy
about the Pope being down there.
And then the bait, you know, nobody.
You know, I don't have one response to that.
And I'm telling you again, like I said back then, these people are cowards.
They were afraid to speak out because the churches got them knuckle-lunder.
They keep giving them their money every week and schlepping there and subsidizing this corrupt
bankrupt institution.
And they're afraid they're tail-l.
But when it comes to opening up their mouth about a stupid baseball game, then all of a sudden
we got these 200 macho old spicks.
One more thing.
We're getting, like you said a little while ago, which kind of made me call, that we're getting a little bit more out of the stone age
because of something happened.
I don't remember what it was, but-
Because now we can say up your ass or whatever that was.
Well, first of all, the spice channel on the cable actually shows it now.
Right.
But they don't show the end part, you know what I mean.
Okay.
And then I was in a convenience store the other day and I flipped open a-
Hard work?
Yeah.
And I flipped open a hustler and I thought Larry Flint was going clean, like Pell Playboy or Penounce,
but they actually show the actual penetration in hustler magazine too.
Oh, yeah, so it's like they're lighting up.
So that's all, you know, I appreciate your time and party sting.
Okay, it's here.
I mean, what's wrong with a little bit of penetration, huh?
As long as it's not in the-
Oh, God forbid.
No way.
5, 6, 7, 8, okay.
I don't want to get started then again.
Okay.
And you know, see, a lot of people got very upset about that because I was the one that outed
all-
Oh, I also, I'm glad I got into this.
You are so full of crap.
I talked to 50,000 people over the weekend.
You're wrong, man.
You are terminally hopelessly Cuban.
Rainwashed.
This thing about Euro 1, I'm a 6 on the Akindi scale.
One is terminally straight, absolutely about totally and 6 is totally gay.
You couldn't possibly have sex with a guy.
I couldn't under any circumstances even think about having sex with a woman.
But you know how many millions and millions of twos through five.
And the fact that somebody might be a two or three doesn't make them a fag.
Any more that some guys that are five to have, huh?
What does it make them?
Horny.
You are so indeniable, man.
It's that Cuban thing again.
It is just her.
The fact that you say these things is so ridiculous.
It is.
It's laughable.
I'm a guy as bright as you are to have that one part of your brain.
Why is that fantasy so important?
Why can't you just, you know, fantasy of what?
That you have said.
So in other words, there are no two through fives, right?
Sure.
Only one's in sixes.
So what are they?
Fags.
So how about guys who are fives that have sex with women?
Does that make them straight?
No.
What does it make them?
Fags.
So everybody, okay, here we go.
Everybody except George is a fag.
Let's hear it.
We just finally...
Thank you for the solution.
Not squirtly.
I don't know if there's anything wrong.
That's okay.
Oh God, you're so hopeless.
You just, uh, in denial, baby.
And, Cotes, get away from the ball, motherfucker.
While spending the remainder of your golden years in the land of death.
The one thing you have to depend on is your car.
With two canoe thefts on the rise.
The people who brought you a big black guy named Ben Garaalarm.
Now bring you an old Jewish guy named Isis.
Get away from my portable bill.
You beg M.F.
Remember when we used to post a packet of therapy in China?
If we ought to get a bunch of finished babies, do I want to cool them?
Get away from my portable bill.
You beg M.F.
What the hell is that?
I object seriously.
For a bad thing like that.
Get away from my portable bill.
You beg M.F.
Get away from my portable bill.
You beg M.F.
Whenever some past tries to steal my car, I feel safer with an old Jewish guy named Isis.
Get away from my portable bill.
You beg M.F.
Get your old Jewish guy named Isis and Garaalarm now.
And receive a free flower antenna.
Get away from my portable bill.
You beg M.F.
And hold Jewish guy named Isis and Garaalarm now.
I will be able to blow it all there is story.
It's 15.560 W.F.
Don't forget to mad dog will be here.
Yeah.
For Angover to the 60s after no one got boogs through at 6 o'clock.
NCAA champion Chibaskinball time.
Yeah, the Spartans lost.
They put on a tough battle against Duke.
And then they ride in East Lansing and I'm embarrassed.
When the hell was that out?
I didn't see any of that.
Like I see it there or something.
Oh, I wouldn't watch that.
5 6 7 0 5 60, 0 5 5 60 on the mobile one line.
We're talking to fat people today and fat heads.
Here's the mobile in the Gables.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes.
Okay, have a nice day.
Here's a mobile in Kendall.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes, and I think you're a little confused.
How about what?
Okay, well, I'll tell you what.
I don't think you would know the meaning of freedom on democracy if I stuck the stature of liberty after birth.
Uh-huh.
See, because in other words, you want a censor.
You don't want to hear the voices of...
What?
Well, you don't want to hear the voices of minority.
And you don't know what to stand for.
Are you here for democracy and freedom?
Yes.
That's why you live in America.
Now, they put people in jail over there.
What are you doing talking double talks?
Well, what all of it is talking double talks.
No, I'm saying the following.
Right?
They just put four people in jail over there for expressing ideas regarding freedom of democracy.
Yeah.
So you'd rather pan that to...
How many people did they shoot in Tiananmen Square?
Hey, I agree with you.
Yeah.
I was against the visit of the Pope over there.
Okay, I agree with the size of it.
Did you call me?
Did you call me when the Pope was over there?
Yeah, I did.
I doubt it.
I don't think so.
Yes, you're old.
Hey, I've written about it.
Okay, so it's in print.
Yeah.
But you didn't call me about it.
Yes, I did call you about it.
Okay.
Okay, but on top of that, Neil.
Okay, in other words, I think we have to define ourselves.
You know, I agree with you in certain...
Sir, I'm not questioning the right of people to go out and protest that, you know, 100 or 200 people in Domino Park.
All right.
If that's an okay, I don't question you, right?
What I question is the fact that the media, every time those people go out and get psychotic about something,
they whip it up into a friend.
He becomes a front page story.
The people of Channel 10 have to start pandering and bending over backwards and whipping the whole community up.
And, sir, you can believe me or not, the fact that it's served.
Can I say something?
Wait a minute.
No, no, you wait a minute.
The overwhelming majority of people in this town, the overwhelming majority, didn't give a crap about that baseball game yesterday.
Well, the point is this.
You know, what they showed on TV is Castro with the two assholes with Peter Angelo's and the commissioner of baseball.
Yeah.
As if they were...
But you know something, both of them were both assholes before they went to see Castro.
Everybody likes that, see?
And the people in Cuba, what happened, the invitation party has nothing to do with seeing the game, has to do with the fact that they didn't want any protest inside the stadiums.
Yeah.
So they want any protest?
Sir, I hate to break the news to you and everybody who's listening.
40 years later, the majority of people in Cuba, after all, the brainwashing and the majority of people there think Castro is a great guy.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, they're not afraid.
They are afraid.
They are afraid.
They don't have the courage to go ahead and die for the country.
Okay.
That's the problem.
Mother cowards like the people I ran out of there 40 years ago.
No, smart.
Okay?
Because we didn't want our families living under that SOB.
Any more that you would want your family living under that?
What was that mean smart?
How come he didn't...
I mean there were millions of people, why didn't you kick his ass?
Well, number one, over time.
Why don't you over time him?
We tried to...
We came here and we tried to go back.
See?
With weapons.
We weren't able to get over there.
We tried to do that.
We got screwed.
Okay?
Anyway.
I don't know how to say that.
After that, somebody makes a pact with Russia.
Hey, we were not going to let anybody hurt Cuba.
So anybody here who tries to buy weapons to go over there gets boasting to jail over here.
Well, sir, I hate to break the news to you.
It's not only Cuba.
You know, we have laws against that.
Individual people can't just start their own little foreign policy,
even though you know how he likes to pretend it's a foreign country.
And make it to foreign policy to get the law, sir.
Mr. Marshall Cleanton, you know, has to decide.
You know, he's seen for democracy or he's seen for, you know, for whatever he's convened, you know, for his affairs.
You know, he's either who has to decide.
Mr. C.C. asked Clinton.
Oh, and now, now Clinton was the one that did this.
Well, he approved it.
He didn't have to approve it.
Yeah.
And what did it change?
We didn't approve the only thing.
This is the same Clinton, by the way.
I don't hear you praising him for the fact that he's, you know, that he that he's cut off or ate the Cuba.
And he's got this stone relationship with Castro.
He hasn't cut off.
He's trying to cut a lot to them because, you know, he doesn't want the immigration.
So in other words, if he doesn't do everything that you approve of, I'll get, sir, you're wasting your my time and your time.
Okay, call up an audio mumble.
They'll listen to your right wing bull crap.
Okay.
Always the same, always the same.
One thing about guys like this, they never met a Democrat that they liked.
Everyone from come and he's to come and he's to that they're too liberal.
The kissing is asked no matter what he would do.
And like I said before, I'm sure that Bubba or Mississippi pants or whatever this guy calls him has more important things to worry about.
Now since we're fighting the war in Kosovo, then we're about some stupid ballgame in Cuba.
Let me say it for the 50 million time.
You and your your ill can get on the audio mumble and all those other goddamn stupid one dimensional radio stations and hawker trying to the same crap and you know attack me like you did.
Oh, I wouldn't know freedom.
I know all about freedom, sir.
You know nothing about it.
You would know freedom if they stuck the whole goddamn country up your ass, much less the statuality.
All they know here is, oh, you two help with the devil and you can't say this and you can't say that.
Yeah, we'll say whatever the hell we want to say.
Because that's the American F in way, okay?
And if you don't like it, go out on your banana boat and go back down where you came from.
That's the way I feel about it.
Give me a lecture on what freedom's all about and you know something most Americans don't have any idea what freedom's all about.
That's the sad part.
They think they do, but they don't.
Why don't you get on a plane, sir, and go somewhere to a real goddamn country where they really understand freedom.
Not a place where you're allowed to say whatever the government decides it's okay to say and you can't say this word and you can't say that word.
Right.
That's freedom.
As long as you don't step on anybody who's sensitive as long as you don't step on their toes, then you're free.
Go over to Britain, sir.
You fit in perfect over there for that constipated bunch of bricks that don't even have a first amendment.
You fit in perfect.
Go over there and give the queen a kiss for us.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I watched a good bit of the ball game yesterday and I think what we need to do is make Fidel Commissioner of all sports here.
Yeah.
They pay in the bar.
I got a better idea since our John Henry our new Marlon's owner is so outraged over that gaming player today.
Why doesn't he do everybody a favor sign Fidel up?
I mean, obviously he's you know this is his lifelong dream is to play baseball.
He's the baseball is in his blood.
He don't carry his been a dictator for a million years, 40 years.
He don't care about that anymore.
He would jump at the chance, give him a nice Marlon's uniform, sign him up, put him out there in the mound.
He's got to do better than some of the stiffs we got on this team.
And then you know, then we're just going to have a good time.
Well, I like him in charge better because what I noticed when they pan that stadium and they did it often,
there's no fat people there because he controls the stuff.
That's right.
Nobody runs.
I mean, you're going to charge an A Christian over here. That's right.
There's nobody getting up in the middle of the inning running around P and Pukin and Trinken and that's right.
Sure, but I'll be the ambiance of the matter.
And nobody was standing up in front of everybody when they were just about to hit the ball out of the ballpark.
That's right.
Exactly. And no goddamn cell phone.
Right. That's right.
All right. Excellent call, sir.
Thank you. God bless you.
There you go.
You have to run through a whole bunch of me before you finally get it.
And by the way, where's that facts from my doctor, Goddanna?
I hear a fact starting over there better be the one.
You know, it's one thing to hold back starting two and a half weeks later, Mark.
Let's get with it.
You're a good guy, but just a little on the slow side.
Wasn't it like an hour and 45 minutes ago, he was going to be faxing me.
You know, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, but it's kind of like the Greg Reed, definitely.
You know, oh, we're going to stay to the art studio.
We're going to do this. Yeah.
Man.
And by the way, the dinner with the rimmers was great and nobody at the table was diseased and you and I ain't going to.
Is there all right?
Next time you bring that up to your thumb, Neil, isn't going to dinner with you Greg.
It's not going to happen.
It was nice the first time it was pleasant to food was great because I picked a restaurant and that's fine.
That's the end of that business.
I want to take care of business here first.
I don't go to dinner with people who, you know, have other people call me back and you don't have the courage to deal with me to face to face.
I don't, I don't go to dinner with people like that.
With people are like so cowardly that they can't, they can't because they don't speak the language.
I thought we had one language problem in this town which we are well aware of but we got another language problem.
I work for people don't speak the same language that I do.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Let's go to a four-letter deal. Hello.
Hey, Neil. How are you?
Okay, sir.
You know that last call that Cuban guy who pissed me off got the statue of a livery and everything.
Yeah. I'm so sick and tired.
I'm working it down here in date County.
No one else gives a rat death in this country about Cuba except these morons in date County.
And you'll notice that this story was like, in fact, somebody faxed me.
They were watching, they were watching the Fox affiliate channel five in New York, W&W, yes.
It was like the very last story is like an afterthought, like they give it about 10 seconds.
I know because no one cares.
Right.
No one cares about it and all these people down here complaining, random, raving, no, Cuba, this, Cuba, that, well, forget about that, man.
I'm so sick and tired of it.
And then that's my point today.
The whole community has been flagulated with this until we're puking from it and the people are at Channel 10 and there were others in the media, but them and the newspapers.
I mean, play in this thing up like, like, you know, I got up this morning.
The alarm clock said seven o'clock.
The sun was shining.
My dogs did the same thing in the backyard.
You know, life goes on.
Nothing changed yesterday over a ballgame.
Yep.
And God bless you, sir.
All right. Thank you.
What?
Here's a facts by the way he was very bitterly disappointed with you, George.
And where is that fact from that doctor already?
What?
Probably that same guy.
It's all crushed.
Oh, this is from Club Catthode Ray.
Oh, yeah, the same guy, remember?
What?
Or did you save that?
This is one that just came in.
Oh, so the facts machine is working, Dr. Mark.
Maybe it's not from your office.
Maybe we got a French connection.
It says, I love George.
He does a great job on your own vacation.
He's smart.
He has a lot of interesting ideas.
But it's very disappointing here is argument that anyone who may have had sex with their own
sex even once is gay.
I'm sorry that simply is not true.
I happen to be a fact, but it's irrelevant.
It says, men are men.
We are made to be horny.
Many men who are straight when put in the right circumstances, prison truck drivers or a ship
will get lonely for human interaction and a wreck with men.
After that, they return to normalcy in quotes that they are straight because they're always
in a first place.
George, making that comment makes them sound like a typical fear-filled Julio who secretly hangs
out at Westland.
Signed very disappointed.
Oh!
Yeah, I'm homophobic.
You thought we know that.
And I try Semitic.
Oh!
I love the Arabs.
Yeah, but they're crappy dressers.
Oh, no, I made an excellent point to George before and I'll say it on here.
This is true.
In society, all over the world, good-looking people are more popular.
They're always looked upon more favorably than those of us who are ugly.
Like if you guys are on trial for a murder, people who are good-looking always get more sympathy
and people like that.
They fall for that.
Even though a lot of good-looking people are assholes.
And the same thing with the way people dress.
When you're dealing with like Arabs with all the schmottes on or even Middle East, they're
like the Pakistanis.
And I'll tell you, going to Toronto a lot, the Pakistanis are terrific people.
But like the Pakistani cab drivers, they all wear those big purple turban jails the schmottes
under it.
And so we can't relate to that.
So people who dress like we do, we're more sympathetic to them almost always than we are with people
who dress differently.
So maybe if like Arafar would like to take a bath and shave and put on a suit like
Greg Reed once in a while.
Yeah.
Better haircut, I would hope.
But something like that.
I have a scandalous thing in my hand.
No, not that.
We just received a piece of mail, boys and girls from DirectTV.
Remember a few days ago I was telling you right on the ear here about how they were sending us.
They were donning us for being past due, I mean us.
I mean it's our service here on this thing.
But of course the station is supposed to be paying for that.
Right?
Yes.
And I mentioned it on the ear.
Did that work? Did that embarrass them in the pain of the bill?
No.
We want to make sure you continue to receive all the outstanding entertainment DirectTV has to offer.
And keep in mind all we have is the basic package.
We have no premium channels, no sports channels, no nothing, no spice, no nothing.
So the bill for like three months now I guess it's past it was 8290.
I guess that's for two or three months.
It says how your service is at the risk of being disconnected because we haven't received your payment.
I have worked and you think again you think I'm making a supper that I'm a melt container.
I want to be whatever you think.
No, this is for real.
I have it in my habit right in my hand now in the goddamn bill two.
And what I'm going to do and I just told I'm going to take the thing home.
I get to an envelope and I'm going to mail I'm going to send a check myself.
This is the only contact.
I mean now in this studio we didn't have any windows.
This is the only contact we have to the outside world is our DirectTV up here with CNN.
Oh, that's a tough to read right.
Which someday maybe he'll get the level up on that so I could actually put it on the ear.
George Corso maybe you can get some luck.
He is the worst guy getting levels, you know.
Seriously, what is the problem of getting some level on that damn thing crank that thing up.
Listen to that.
You can solve the idea.
You can barely even move the goddamn needle.
So I'm taking the woman I'm paying the 83 bucks out of my own pocket because I don't want to have us disconnected here.
Everything with these people you have to threaten them to get the money out of them.
Did George get his $200 employee of the month bonus yet?
No.
Did I have my $1,200 whatever or down payment on to playoff tickets for the Panthers yet?
No.
Did they pay DirectTV the 83 bucks?
No.
Oh, but some people around here all the beastlies.
What wonderful guys.
Chape, chape, chape, chape, chape, chape, chape, push leg.
Right.
We're going to put this up on a wall.
This letter from DirectTV.
It's threatening to disconnect our service because we're 83 dollars past due.
Here's a guy Mr. Big Shot.
Mr. Marlon's.
Mr. Dolphins.
Mr. Panthers.
Mr. Sports.
Mr. I got a haircut.
Mr. whatever disease he's walking around with this week.
Mr. I'm going to take in by a steak dinner.
Not.
But they can't pay the bills.
I've seen Chinese laundries that were run more efficiently than this place.
I've seen coin operated self-service laundry that were run more efficiently with nobody around.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey.
Yes sir.
You know, I got a Freedom story for a Cuban caller.
Yes.
And I also let call before tell me to stick the stats or liberty of his ass.
Maybe you liked it.
We're going to talk about liberty.
Okay.
And I'm not going to impede the police department because the guys actually did the dirty.
They were embarrassed.
They were doing it.
And they treated me as nice as, you know, they treated me.
So what are you talking about?
One outsideer and I had it too thick.
So I want Darvus set.
Let's go and know.
Do I want pork to set?
No.
I want a little weed.
I purchased it back.
Yeah, I must say.
There you go.
And I get pulled over about two miles later.
And the cops said I was speeding.
The other thing was in the case.
Finally, you told me, listen to this.
There were cops hiding in the bushes.
Yeah.
So what were they doing in the bushes?
They were watching me make my five dollar purchase.
This, they were in this city.
That was.
Which will be unnamed.
Yeah.
All right.
There were no mugs going on.
There were no robberies.
There were no rates.
There was no body, a peanut crap out of each other.
They had so little to do.
There was so much crime solved that they could sit in the bushes and watch me buy a nickel pack.
Uh-huh.
We live in a free country now.
Okay, later.
Don't do it again.
Okay.
560-705-60, pound 560 on a mobile one line.
There's a guy I got caught with.
Yeah, I'm on.
Some bad weed.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello, here.
Yes, sir.
Okay.
Listen, I got a question for you.
I tried getting through to the minister of nutrition, Mr. Castro, but he wouldn't take my phone call.
Yeah.
I'd ask you about that.
He's not a sadie dresser, too, by the way.
I could stand and lose about 30 pounds.
And I wanted to know more about this act and is that when you started it, how long did it take for your body to, you know,
to take to the new diet?
Was it really rough?
Well, what do you mean when I started?
I've been on an offer for four years now.
Okay, see what I've never done before.
I don't know how many people have done it, but I'm saying that I don't know if there are any people who have done it.
Yeah.
So when you first started, was it rough on your system?
No.
It didn't take much.
It didn't take much.
It takes about maybe three or four days and you get some headaches.
You get sugar withdrawal.
That's the main thing you'll notice is sugar withdrawal.
Okay, so if I get headaches, I got nothing to really worry about.
I just think it's a few.
Maybe a week or so.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I can't tell you it all depends on you.
I mean, you know, everybody's different.
And the diet might even work for you either.
Yeah.
Okay, good luck sir.
Good luck to all of the fat people.
Still no effects from the doctor.
Yeah, this is just not right.
You know what, it's just not ethnic acceptable, you know?
The efficiency level of the people here in this town, man, at a snail's pace.
Everything just kind of creeps and crawls along like some kind of a lazy backwater deep
South like Pascagula, Mississippi, something like that, you know?
Like Southern comfort.
I think Southern comfort was filmed in the Everglades, not in the swamps of Louisiana.
I really do.
Every now and then you'll hear when you go to the on an alligator alley, they'll say, hey, how's
it going?
I'm going to get out of here.
I'm going to get out of here.
I'm going to get out of here.
I'm going to get out of here.
I'm going to get out of here.
I'm going to get out of here.
I'm going to get out of here.
I'm going to get out of here.
I'm going to get out of here.
I'm going to get out of here.
I'm going to get out of here.
I'm going to get out of here.
I'm going to get out of here.
I'm going to get out of here.
I'm going to get out of here.
I'm going to get out of here.
So really, it's an original.
It was terrifying.
God forbid you should open up about the Holy Father.
God forbid.
About that silly ole faggot
Singer the Belian, under crew of the series, the millennium of all these things to the
Century.
And was showing Chiheon to Queen, today.
There was Queen Elizabeth.
She was showing these clips to her coronation, and they're holding a big thing behind her
there.
And they got the the whatever the house she's holding with the crown and all the scrap from the stone age
And there's Prince Philip that silly bastard. It's a oh
God with all those medals on and every dickless outfit
And you wonder why I say the world is insane. Oh
God crazy crazy people running around
The Hoover out the moon
I
Phrote my lord
My balls were blue and I hooked up that part
What a
The
I'll face the mosquito,
We're tearing our fight,
And I think to myself,
What a butterweaker!
Oh, yes!
I'm now a drinker,
Can I feel it in pretty high?
I've got to find a taker,
Make me used the dry,
I reach out with my hand,
Say now, what are you doing?
Really meaning you'll have to do,
So bad, will that time?
I guess that's wrong,
I wanted you at,
In the greenhouse her mom,
Now I'm so breath-eddy,
What a butterweaker!
Yeah, I think,
Nice!
What a butterweaker!
Well, here's the lovely fact,
From CNN, who does the blinds and my anybody?
From CNN, who does the blinds and you do the blinds?
You hit the key so much.
Why don't you do your show someplace else?
Or go back where you came from?
You are a wrong, something brother,
A wrong one?
You are in a wrong town.
Viva Cuba Libre,
Adios Madducone,
And then it's got a picture of a Pinguacubana,
That you hear very nice artwork.
Niel Suck my Cuban Pinguacubana,
It says,
From A&M Beauty Supplies in Miami.
560-705-60,
And Crown 560 on a mobile one line.
See, this is exactly what I'm talking about.
I don't know freedom of speech,
And I hate Cubans.
Here's a Pembert Pine, tell us.
Niel.
Yes sir.
I just wanted to bring up some of our hockey.
Talking about that now.
Talking about whatever you want sir.
Did you notice the game Saturday?
I'm sorry, Saturday.
The last two games,
Who was on the ice when they scored the goals?
Seven and eight.
When the other team scored the goals?
When the actual score to one,
Double scored the two goals.
Seven and eight,
One on the ice,
Wilson and Spaschick.
And.
What does that mean?
I think Wilson played pretty good last night.
I think he played better every game.
When the Rue & Burke shut out,
They were standing there looking each other on the power play.
They got to get the rest together.
Well, what do you knock in those two guys for?
There's a million other guys.
How about Kirk Muller that can't put in an empty net?
Well, he's not busted in that.
So he's playing a world every time.
No, he is busting his ass.
He's finished. Don't you worry.
So when you learn what the game is all about, call me back.
Okay.
When you have some idea what it's all about, call me back.
He's finished. He's done.
He's well done.
Stick a fork in him like Joey used to say he's done.
Kirk Mueller.
Can't do it.
And all I crap about Robby.
Robby.
He makes a little tiny draw.
I mean, a simple play that happens a million times in a game.
And then Parrish makes a great shot to tie it up with two minutes left in the game.
And they're ready. Oh, Terry Murray.
Robby had a great game.
He did not have a great game.
I can't remember the last time he had even a good game.
Much less a great game.
His statistics are so bloated and so overblown.
They're like empty net goals and goals that the goal he's withed on.
I remember one game.
He got over and over again in my mind.
I keep rethinking these things.
Oh, that was a great play.
A little drop pass there like just inside the blue line.
Like I said, four thousand times a game.
Guys make that pass.
And you know, big deal.
Parrish makes a great shot.
Sean Burke stands on his head.
Keeps him in the game.
This guy all year long has kept his team in games that by the end of the first period
they would have been out of the game already.
Sean Burke. Does anybody talk about him?
No.
Does anybody give him the credit he deserves?
No.
No.
But Robbie had a great game.
Clueless.
Clueless.
Clueless.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Okay, sir.
Hey, Neil.
I have a couple points to make to this right wing Cubans that are brainwashing people.
First of all, if the majority of the country was so oppressed and so sad and so pissed off about the way they're being treated by Castro,
then you think there would have been a formal revolt by now?
It's happened everywhere else in the world.
People have been repressed.
I hate to break the news to you.
Those people don't have the gun.
The Castro does.
So that's how that discussion.
Okay, but how about it in Chile and stuff like that when Pinochia had all the power?
People still tried to make a deraureus a lot of life that were sacrificed.
But people started eventually starting to stop rising.
Well, the Cuban people aren't to a side of the earth.
Okay, second.
This Cuban seems to think that all...
In addition to which he's been there for 40 years and these people can...
They don't want to believe it, okay?
Because they're so filled with hate in his theory and rightfully so a lot of cases.
But it clouds their judgment.
He's brainwashed at least two generations now of Cuban kids.
Most of the Cuban people aren't thinking of him in that life.
Okay, and as far as it comes to...
As far as it concerns here, the local, the local media and everything,
these Cubans are so trying to brainwash everybody to thinking that they were this great nation,
that they're this great people.
They were in...
That's what they were.
And the rest of the world...
It's a word that's not even vocabulary in that country.
And the rest of the world looks at it as a banana republic.
It's where you go.
They're not a big country.
We don't give a crap about their people.
That's my point.
We don't care about Castro.
We don't care about Cuba.
And it's 40 years later when he's not going anywhere and get over with it.
And stop flagulating this town with it already.
That's my point.
Yeah, enough.
And one more thing.
The Spanishness in this...
In this place, the Channel 23?
Yes.
What a bunch of asses.
All they do is just kiss up to the Cubans.
They don't realize that they have other Spanish people here that are not Cuban.
And you know what?
Screw the Cubans sometimes.
Get out of here.
Get out of here.
Get out of here.
We have other people.
Okay.
Come down.
Another spick.
Why some...
Huh?
Reacon.
Oh, when you stop on that crap every time somebody calls it, you don't like their a reacon.
Okay, what do you got with those Puerto Ricans, huh?
I'm going to have anything with it.
Yeah, well, that's your problem.
Some of those Puerto Ricans women, and gigantic ass.
You love them.
Where we going?
By the way, the facts come from the doctor yet.
No.
No.
No, I just...
I give...
I throw in the towel.
Okay, I surrender.
Get the white flag out.
I surrender with him, okay?
You can't...
Oh, there he is right there.
Boy, that must have been a psychic thing.
Dr. Mark, I keep looking on a facts machine.
Do I see the facts?
No.
I mean, two and a half weeks later, and here he is on a phone again because he makes a figure impact when he calls in.
Now, wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
The only item that was left over was the IgE, which is the marker for...
Neither of two items.
There were two or three items left over.
Now, everything else, you got back already?
No, I did not.
Okay, my...
The protein thing?
Yeah, that...
The final came back on Friday.
Everything was final came back on Friday because we had...
And the ANA thing for the looping?
It's all back.
And the one that you just mentioned that I can't pronounce, which is why you're saying it because you know I'm this pronouncing.
IgE.
Whatever.
Right.
By G.E.
Right.
Get a market up 150 crores.
No, I was in and out of the office for a morning, but when I get back in the system...
No, I bet you were in and out all morning.
You're right.
When I'm here.
They came back Friday and then you went off the year one.
Okay, well lay it on me.
Okay, because I'm doing my blood sugar this morning was 74.
I know.
74.
197 on a scale on the real scale, which your office was 2, 13 in December.
Okay.
So I'm making a little progress.
Sounds good.
Motivation is everything.
But tell me about these results.
See, he still don't want to tell me about it.
Copy, Glad to.
The so-called loopestest, ANA stands for Antenuclear Antibody, and what it does is it measures your body's sort of an immune function against itself.
Years was zero.
Sometimes drugs can set off an ANA, and that might have been the cause of the rash.
Yeah.
Certainly wouldn't have been loopest.
And it requires a little interpretation of the body.
The rash today, by the way, is virtually gone.
Good.
Just about 99 percent.
It weren't for that awful ugly discard that I'll never get rid of from the biopsy.
But that's okay.
The IGE stands for Indian Oguavelline, and it's one of five classes of proteins in the body that mediate different kinds of immune functions.
IGE in particular does the classical allergies like sneezing and things that you touch contact.
It's not so much the...well, yeah, like getting a rash immediately when you touch something.
And what it is, it's a rough scale, and years was in a low-normal range, so that's not what's going on either.
The last item, since your protein came back high, I've diffractionated and made sure that you weren't developing some early leukemic type disease of older men.
And that didn't come out either, so these three things will came out well.
Now, they don't tell us what did happen, but at least they tell us if it's up and dangerous is going on.
All of these things.
All of that work.
He puts dilution in the basket.
So in other words, I'm fine.
I'm not going to tell you if I tell you that you're ragging me.
No, well, no. Well, what would be the reason that the protein...the blood, the protein would be high?
Well, is that...is that anything to do with the atkins?
It's possible.
I'll leave it at that.
I was more interested in making sure what it's not than what it is.
A lot of these things are good for excluding disease better than making a painting down a diagnosis.
Because now I'm terrified about two things, and that's kidneys and feet. Those are the two areas that are...
No, sir. No, it's very beautiful.
You're...like hot-ic about them.
Yeah, I know. As a smart diabetic, you know that diabetics need to check on their feet and their eyes frequently.
And I heard you talking about how you watch your feet and you're being...you're being...
You make it sound like you're being paranoid, but I see you...
It's an extra virgin olive oil, man. It works like a charm.
It gets rid of all those little skin tags on your feet, you know?
Right. It's great.
And the other item you just mentioned was the...
What's this? No, no.
Once you've been on high protein...
I'm looking...
Once you've been on those pills for more than...
He's pretty much ten days.
You'd really have to do something truly stupid to record kidneys.
That's just not going to happen. Your kidney...
But what about the high protein? Isn't that because you're agonizing them?
No, no, no, no.
It really doesn't really wait like that.
It's kind of a long technical story, but what they look at is they break down the proteins in the blood and look for the spread of the different types of proteins.
I was concerned maybe you might have been developing...
Like I said, some kind of early kinixing that could have caused the rash,
might have brought it into place, but it was a bit of a parent.
What about C-reactive proteins?
Somebody faxed me a thing about that about how chronic inflammation, maybe a sign of high risk of a stroke?
C-reactive protein is really an acute reactive protein.
I wouldn't go looking for that way to wipe.
Who should do that a later day?
Small, I'll have that word smoldering low level inflammation that goes on for years,
but it's be takeable only on blood tests.
Appeared to be a sign of high risk of a stroke.
Yeah, but it's not reliable.
A lot of these tests... I know you're picking up on this.
A lot of these tests are just not reliable.
It's not like you can pin down one item and say,
here's a blood test, here's a result, here's a disease.
Sometimes it's a syndrome, a constellation of signs and symptoms.
Like constellation, sometimes it's in the eye of the beholder.
So I'm fine.
Yes, I'm not saying it.
You know I've got to...
It pains in my liver and...
No, where you pointed when I was in the studio, Antique,
where you pointed wasn't your liver?
What was it?
Probably muscle well or even intestine, but it wasn't liver.
Liver's up higher.
And your kidneys functions on the test were just fine.
Right.
So I'm great.
You're great, Neil.
I'm not going to tell you how you feel, but you're great.
I'm taking half of those pills, like down to 12 and a half milligrams of that HC-reactive protein,
which isn't affecting my blood sugar at all now, thank God.
Right.
I mean, if I'm going to keep taking those 50 milligrams,
I think right now I'd be on dialysis.
You're exaggerating a little bit.
A little bit, but not a good thing.
Yeah.
I know better than I argue with you.
Because Dr. Bernstein says, keep those sugar levels low.
Keep it low.
Of course.
And then it stimulates after a while.
It's kind of like going block candy on your arteries.
Right.
And you want to keep it low, so it's a problem.
I think I'm under right road, finally.
I think I finally, if nothing else, those test results.
Now, what do you think I should repeat them?
How soon?
Oh, six weeks.
Okay.
And we're not going to need to do fancy stuff.
Right.
You're not going to need any with a week and a half, not two and a half.
Well, it's been a half and a half.
I got a white one.
It's still Friday, and I called, and I knew you weren't going to be there after one o'clock, so I didn't store you.
I want the past service.
I want to battle you with the promise of the service.
Okay.
I'm dazzled.
Okay.
Thanks, Martin.
All right.
Everybody call and get a good deal to stay on the accents and stay away from it.
Oh, that doesn't need any believe me.
My mind is fixed.
I'm obsessed.
I'm a driven man.
I don't need any help from all these fat people like I saw that game.
I'm serious.
I'm sure most of them are nice people, but she is somebody of how do you fit your ass in those seats?
I mean, you know we're talking fat.
When you look at somebody and you wonder how can they get that big, gigantic fat.
It's a symptom of there's in a fairly small seat.
How are those people doing a plane besides a lot?
You know, what do they do?
How do they get their ass in the seat on a plane, especially in coach?
Can you imagine Al Goldstein in coach?
No.
You know how a lot of times that are playing the armrest like folds back?
That's got to be.
He's got to buy two seats, one for each cheek.
Huh?
Oh, Al Goldstein, he's sitting cheek to cheek right there on the coach.
You can afford for his class.
Although he's cheap when it comes to staying.
Not cheap, but I love that.
I hill go into it like Nixon spent $2,000 on cigars.
Well, when it comes to things like that, cheap, cheap, cheap, cheap.
Give me a good cheap apartment over there.
I'll come on.
You can handle it as long as he pays for it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound boy.
I feel so much better since talking to a doctor, Mark.
I'm a human being.
You're a man.
My head ain't going to water dead.
So water can fill our...
All right.
See you the night I watched a wrestling match with big smooth men with sweaty cracks.
They would try to grab each other's ass, wearing something more than a tiny g-strap.
But Wednesday's rang the bell and the match was over.
I couldn't help but notice I had a big boner.
I want to be a wrestler.
And have a man scratch wrapped around my mouth.
I want to be a wrestler.
Wrestling feels his fist pushing inside and out.
Why if it seems a little gay?
It sticks my hand between another man's legs.
Oh!
But when I pull my hands away, I get to smell my fingers.
You know that other than sometimes he trains, you don't need to have much of a brain.
I've longed in the shower after you worked out.
You don't need to place in someone's balls in your mouth.
You know that white jeans can be messy and too smelly.
That's why they like to rope that K.Y. on their belly.
I want to be a wrestler.
And retaining more runs just like you.
I want to be a wrestler.
I'm so happy.
And maybe run for governor too.
As long as it attracts the crowd, I don't find going down.
Robby's 80's is a lock with the club feet queers.
Madacone, 103 at 560 WQ.
This is a thanks for me and then beauty supplies.
You see, it always happens this way.
If you're expressing point of view, and this is for that jackass that old fart that called before,
about sticking the stature of liberty up his ass, which I think he'd enjoy,
which I don't give me a lesson on freedom.
If you say anything, no matter what it is that doesn't agree with the particular point of view,
the establishment point of view as they see it, then right away you hate Cuban,
you hate this one, you're a bigot, Ku Klux Klanzen, Madacone, whatever.
Last part's right.
And let me make it very clear.
I speak for the overwhelming majority, I believe, of people who live in South Florida
when I tell you that all of us are sick and tired of this hysterical, psychotic,
one-dimensional mindset that there's two or three hundred old fart in Domino Park
and evidently the people of the day in beauty supplies are some of the facts that's in their brain.
Now, Viva Cuba Libra, guess what?
You ain't got a Cino Cuba Libra, okay?
Maybe you can drink one, but you aren't going to see it.
In fact, most of us anglos if I hate to use that, hate casters even worse than humans.
You want to know why?
Because if a warrant for casters will be in there, a lot of assholes like these people wouldn't be here.
This town would be like paradise without those old scuzzy right-wing pieces of dirt
who only know one thing.
One-dimensional, pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa like a stuck-guy-damn record.
Those are the people who are sick and tired of.
And here the media in this town, led by Channel 10,
and a bunch of totally irresponsible pandewars have turned us into a big,
I mean, front pages and newspapers and big pictures,
and we're all supposed to be whipped out.
And like I said before, nobody with a brain cares about a stupid baseball game.
But El is the same asshole today that he was yesterday,
and a week ago, a suckers, and we'll be ten weeks from now,
et cetera, and so on until he stick his bearded ass in the ground.
We hate him like poison, okay?
But this crap about Oya, and it's always the same thing,
like the one before, all of you bastard, Maddickone,
are the same tired old crap, get a new vocabulary,
get a new thought in your brain, is it possible?
No.
Same old tire, like I said, like a stuck record, like a one-note pony.
Here's a mobile in Miami, hello?
Mobile in Miami?
Okay, they waited 39 minutes and 31 seconds and the audio's.
5670560, 0560 on the AT&T White House Line.
Probably Dr. Mark put him in a coma.
Here's for Lauderdale, hello?
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Did you see the story about Madeline Mario here this weekend?
Somebody just fasted it to me just this moment, you must be sucking.
That was me actually.
Oh.
Yeah, and what I didn't read again.
They think she's been murdered.
Really?
Yeah, they think they're her and the son and the granddaughter were murdered.
Hexanthou a probed in Texas case of missing atheist.
They're investigating the former office manager from Madeline Mario for possible murder.
David Waters, 52, was ordered held without bond by a federal magistrate Thursday.
After police found a stash of ammunition in his hospital department,
illegal because he's a felon.
How do you like that?
For all these years, people been making the disappear to avoid the IRS,
and now it turns out they all maybe did.
Well, why would they be avoiding the IRS?
Like, she was a wealthy person or something?
Well, I don't think so.
Apparently they had a stash of like $500,000 of gold coin.
Yeah.
So what's that?
And people think they just took that money and ran off somewhere.
Uh-huh.
And it looks like this ex-continuous room.
Maybe we took the stash and ran off with it.
Yeah, after he did all three of them in.
And probably stash them, right?
Oh, and talking about the Cuban people.
And how they don't have any guns.
You know, this past week when all the paraguayans were in the street protesting the assassination of the vice president.
Yes.
I saw a lot of rocks being thrown.
I didn't see they had any guns either, but they stayed out there and they kept protesting until the president resigned.
But let me say it again.
He's been in power there for 40 years,
and there are tremendous numbers of people there who've been brainwashed into communism,
and in thinking that their way of life is just fine,
and this is the way it's supposed to be.
And he's a great guy, and that's the way it is,
whether the people they want to believe that or not.
It's too bad.
Oh, that's the way it works.
At this point it's too late.
I'm saying when I first started, if people had gone out in the street just like the paraguayans and everyone else has done,
and they were not going to leave the streets.
It was very clearly.
They turned tail and ran.
Right.
I mean, they keep saying, oh, we were smart.
We ran.
We didn't have any guns.
We ran.
A lot of people don't have guns.
Let me say it again.
For the 40 minutes time, it's 40 years later.
We're tired of hearing about it already.
Let's live the real world and stop living in this fantasy land of something that's going to happen.
That isn't going to happen, okay?
And in closing.
Yes.
For the poor pothead who got busted with his nickel bag.
Yeah.
Just say no.
Okay.
Whatever that means.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60 and 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
You know why people are getting busted for pot, don't you?
That's the American fucking way.
Right.
Because we live in a goddamn country that isn't free.
And this banana boat guy's calling for it, but give me a lecture on a statue of liberty.
He wouldn't know where to find a statue of liberty if you stuck it in his laptop.
That's right.
Give me a lecture.
You're giving us a lecture about freedom.
Don't be coming here and tell me what freedom is all about, buster.
Everybody's got a big mouth.
Everybody.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, you don't know what the hell you're talking about, okay?
And as far as that thing with the Pope, I'm still waiting.
Still waiting here.
How long ago?
How many months ago?
How year ago?
So whatever the hell it was.
It's got to be close to a year ago.
He was here with his dress.
Everybody was quiet.
Nobody had anything to say.
Nothing to say.
Well, it's embarrassing.
We don't want to look at the screen where it's your key to banana.
And so they're your key to banana instead.
Here's a mobile in Naples.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Listen, this fact that you received has really got me pissed off and fired up.
They're telling you if you don't like it to go back to where you came from.
Yeah.
You see these pigs running all over town.
Doesn't matter where they're from.
Yeah.
They have a Rico cube, but they got their little flags, their little bumper stickers all over their cars.
Yeah.
If their cuts were so great, what the hell are they doing here?
Good question.
It's like people with I love New York bumper stickers.
They love New York so much.
What the hell are they doing down here?
You got it, pal.
Okay.
Listen, I know you guys.
I know you guys.
It's a list the past week or so.
How about a nail working at a beauty supply shop?
Oh.
Have a great day.
Thanks, Neil.
Boy, boy.
We back on that fact thing again.
Uh-huh.
Okay.
Nine minutes after one.
What you were talking to me before about all those old Cuban facts.
There it is.
There are an idea.
I didn't say old.
Well, yeah.
They're just like Cuban facts.
Oh, but the old ones.
Oh.
In fact, you just can't say no to them because they don't take a no for an answer.
It's sterical out of control.
In fact, they're probably the guys that are drilling those holes there in Westland.
Then the young guys come in.
I, you know, I'm knowingly, uh, get caught up in them, so to speak.
We have an open line somewhere out there in radio land.
560, 705, 60 in pond 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
I mean, if you got a power drill like that, a power tool.
Oh, you know, something that is the answer.
I mean, what, how else would you start a glory hole, but with your tool?
Oh, I see all.
You should have a nice piece of sausage there, for the, yeah, what are you going to do with it?
Oh, yeah, a bunch.
I'm going to make you a, like a, like a, like a, like a, like a pig.
You should have a hot dog because I hate to name.
It could be a nice speaker.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, you're going to have to make a hole.
You should have a funny mouth dog.
Oh, that's why they call me portal.
Oh, you're rabbit hole.
Oh, you're rabbit hole.
You're going to have to make a hole.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, you're going to have to make a hole.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Why are you airing shit like this?
115 at 560, WQM.
We got a couple open lines at a board.
Actually, the phones are working today.
Let's hear it.
Go to your phone and stick it.
There you go.
That's all we want.
Now just leave us alone.
Remember what I said about a month ago?
That if they would just make everything work and just stay the hell out, pay the bills.
Oh, here's another one, by the way.
Those classy people that somebody on the station was raven about because he got some free tickets to a stone concert.
Rumor has it that they don't pay the phone bill over there and the phone company is threatening to shut the phones down over there and four Myers on 770 WWCN or whatever that stays in his call, which nobody knows the call iters because it's a Phantom radio station that we're on every day over there.
And they happen to be the same building with a beeslead or whatever, but there's no shame.
So why should it come as any surprise that I got to write a check for each of your bucks to keep from having our direct TV service turned off here?
People who don't pay their bills are worth a crap.
Okay?
That's the way I look at life.
I'm not going to understand people that don't have any money that are desperate.
Maybe they don't have any money.
Maybe that's why they dress like that.
56670560, well see Greg, he can trade out those suits.
You know, he can trade it out and somebody in his family's got a lot of money anyway.
56670560 in Pond 560 under the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Miami Lake.
Hello?
Meal God.
Pretty him.
Yes, sir.
Couple of quickies.
Number one.
If John Henry wants to donate him, I'm sure he can talk to his buddy, Cigal, two if with the people in his community to build one for him.
So, if he doesn't lift the delk him over, he can be the general manager.
And then all these old Cubans is not a part of they can go in.
Oh, take care of the delk and we'll kill two birds who want two birds who want stone.
The Marlins sucks.
Send him down to Cuba.
Let's get another team here.
Okay.
So, I turned against the Cubans about 10 years ago when they were having to turn against the Cubans.
What does that mean?
I'm going to say they're talking about the radical ones.
Yeah.
They had that rally down at Bayfront Park and they're having a peaceful pro-castle or whatever pro-normalization
with Cuba rally.
And the antics showed up, picked up rocks with a bigger swar in it and a, that was thrown of others.
Like, if you throw the green with the...
And like, I have to like, excuse me.
I have to like, excuse me.
It is real to the Alessandro.
That's right.
That's the way it is.
That's what I'm telling you.
Labeled people.
People are professional Cubans, professional Jews, professional Muslims, professional Phil and the Blank.
Okay.
Professional assholes.
We don't need all these labels.
Stop compartmentalizing yourself.
These idiots that were calling the worst team this morning, I heard three or four of them.
Well, I'm a Cuban American.
I'm like, yeah, you're, you're, you're, you're killing us with that bullcrap.
Okay.
We don't care.
We're not interested.
We're not impressed.
We don't care whether you regard them African-Americans, Cuban-Americans, Yiddlaq-American.
We don't care.
It's a crack of crap.
Grow up already.
Get over it.
Get over it.
5-6705, 60-pound 5-60 on the AT&T wireless line.
And for that bitch by the way, I'll wear whatever jacket I want to the hockey games in your like it.
Okay, sweetheart, and lose some weight before it's too late.
Fatso.
Here's North Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
First of all, I just want to say that the guy, I don't care about the, the baseball game being played.
I don't think that makes a difference.
The baseball game in the United States is a big deal.
I think it's a crack of crap.
But I really get picked off when I hear someone like the guy who called before the break.
And he says, you know, why aren't the Cubans throwing rocks and why they're always leaning on this government to help them get rid of cashier.
Because that really picks me off because this government has been working behind the scenes since Kennedy.
To get rid of cashier.
And you remember, you've had the same books about the Kennedy assessment.
You know the links with the CIA and the Mafia to try to house cash row and how many failed attempts they worked.
Right.
And, and, and Commandos L and Alpha 66, these were all CIA.
Look what a great job we did.
You're in the son of Hosein, huh?
Right. They were real good.
That's right.
And all these guerrilla groupfans.
Thank you, Mr. Bouch.
There were form, were formed and trained originally by the CIA.
So these people have come to rely on this government as an underground way to try to kill him and try to get him out of this country.
And they have this government, their own selfless reasons for it.
Let's not get ourselves.
See, I don't know of any other group of people in this country who are demanding that we get their country back for them.
Most of the people are very grateful to be here.
That's right.
They get with the program, they speak the language, they accumulate, they become very proud American.
And they don't keep brow beating us and the rest of the people who live in their community.
With, oh, you've got to do this because we want to go back.
Anybody wants to go back?
Take a plane.
You can go to the Bahamas and then you can fly over there anytime you want.
Be my guest. Go to Canada.
You can fly from there to Cuba every day of the week.
No problem at all.
Nobody's keeping you out.
If it's so wonderful, go back.
But we're interested in here and what we need, which is a lot.
And we don't care about these things.
That's right.
And that's like all these dudes that are always screaming about Israel.
If they want to go over there and be surrounded by mortal enemies and have their kids blown up on school buses, let them go there.
I'm not interested in Israel or Cuba either one.
Isn't that crazy?
I've heard so many people say that.
You say that to me.
My first concern is Israel and then United States.
If I could tell you how many people say it because they know I travel a lot.
Oh, have you been to Israel and I say, what's all about going there for?
If I want to go with a lot of Jews, I can go to sunrise.
It's right up the road for my house.
Right. It's the same time.
You go to Israel.
There's a rascal house.
It's the crazy old Jews.
At the same time, I don't want to be an isolationist.
I'm aware of what's going on in the world and I'm sympathetic to it.
But don't, you know, if you're not, if you're going to talk blindly and I talk with what actually happens in the world
and you know, with the experience of history, then don't talk at all.
Exactly.
Don't say the crap that you've been, you know, these people say it.
You know, it comes from bigotry and not from actual fact.
Right.
All right.
Okay, so I've got to bless you.
121 at 560 WQM.
The voice of sanity here on QAM, baby between 10 and 2.
The voice of sanity, the only one you'll ever hear in this guy, Dan Country.
All these people puking with their goddamn right wing horse crap.
With their thinly veiled fascism.
560 705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Once you're talking about that before thinly veiled, those middle eastern women.
That's the problem, man.
You're thinly veiled.
You're out.
Here's Hylia.
Hello.
What am I on the wrong?
I didn't say.
Well, this is too far away, okay?
My fingers are getting old and arthritic.
Hylia, hello.
Hey.
Yes, sir.
I'm the one who's saying you're the fact that I'm not gay.
Okay, you say, hombre, mean, macho, puro, macho.
Yeah, cool, macho, yeah.
Cool, macho.
Cool, macho.
Cool, macho.
Puro, puro, puro, puro.
Yes.
And, no, somebody say that I was fine.
I'm not a faggot.
You said you're a faggot.
So who cares?
You're Cuban, aren't you?
Yes.
Well, you're a faggot, then.
I'm not a co-star.
I was asked to eat the chicken and give it straight, put it.
Go on, macho, macho.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
I've got a picture.
He's not a macho, but he drives me a big Cuban penis on here.
We know it's not Cuban because it's not...
It's circumcised.
That's a Jewish penis.
I recognize that anywhere.
That was beautiful.
God bless you, sir.
I'm asking you to eat your meat.
Wow.
That's a guy from an ambuti supplies.
Oh, he works in a beauty shop.
Oh, he's not no, macho.
He's gone.
Hi, to nails today, sweetie.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Tom 5, 60 on the Yale.
We had some choice ones today, maybe.
He was right up there with a guy with a statue of liberty stuck out of his ass.
Here's a mobile and coconut creek.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How are you doing?
Okay, sir.
I'd like to change the subject real quick if I could talk about the game a little bit last night.
Yes, sir.
Okay.
First, I'd like to say the last guy who called who was Rippin Wolf and knows nothing about hockey.
That's right.
Wilson has done a great job.
The first game he played here, which whatever the Ranger game he was pretty shaky and then
like each of the last two games he's done a little better every game and Warner by the way,
is playing very well for Buffalo.
So I think both teams will do okay with that trade.
Yeah, I agree with that completely.
Last night though, it seemed like Chris Wells was getting way too much ice time for me.
Yes, I always does.
You know, it's funny.
It's funny.
You mentioned that because when I walked out of there, you look at the, it really, most people here,
because they don't know anything about the game.
They don't realize how amazing it is that a team that's this mediocre, I'm talking about the Panthers,
can even compete in games like that again.
You look at the talent that Devils have.
And when I saw Chris Wells facing off against Jason Arnett, it just made me, I didn't know what a screamer cry.
I mean, it says, there's a penalty kill.
He starts them on the penalty kill.
And when we get the lineup of the tie, thanks to Sean Burke.
Yeah.
Oh, Sean Burke paid incredible.
But what blowed my mind was it blew your mind?
It blew my mind.
Yeah.
They take a penalty.
There's up one nothing.
Yeah.
They take a penalty.
He starts Chris Wells on the penalty kill.
Right.
They get a goal.
He starts the next line of Mueller, WRL, and Laws.
Right.
After they tied up one one, he starts the line that can't score at all.
Right.
Then they come off the ice and he puts Wells back on and they score again.
What kind of coaching is that?
Terrible.
It's unbelievable.
It doesn't call a timeout in that Colorado game.
Oh!
And he's in a coma.
He's in a coma.
Six goals in one period.
You don't call it timeout or full to goalie.
No, he's a coolest.
Unbelievable.
All right, now I just want to give you my two cents.
And you know, the amazing part of it here, because Burrey is not coming back this year.
But the amazing part of it is, Carolina is folding like an accordion.
They blew a three-one lead yesterday against Tampa of all teams.
And we're only five points behind them with two games in a hand.
I know.
With two chips in hand.
Unbelievable.
This team might not only sneak into the playoffs because they're going to get a goal.
They might actually have home events.
Home events.
Yes, they might be at three.
Unbelievable.
Unreal.
All right, Neil.
God bless us, sir.
Take it easy.
See you.
God bless, Sean Burke.
Okay, we got 400 open lines in a board.
We've been smoking here since I kicked him in the ass early today, but now we're slowing down to a crawl.
5, 6, 7, 05, 50.
Just when I was starting to feel a little bit better about life, now they've abandoned me again.
Oh, you, this crowd.
This crowd today is the day once and forever in your life to open up a mouth and say something.
Is it okay for the rest of us who's speaking?
Should they want to do it?
No.
And for those people, those Cubans out there who aren't part of this right wing of fanatical one dimensional crap that just go like it's like beating a goddamn dead horseman with a whip.
Just keep flagulating and flailing and beating and out of goddamn thing is going to happen.
Like that guy that beauty supply.
He's beating it right now.
You're looking for the glory hole.
Okay, one thirty at five sixty WM.
Here's the star of Amsterdam and New York and LA and the pump it will be.
Is Yalgo old steam?
The Oroches.
Yes, sir.
The Oroches they have the biggest day of all next month.
I'm applying to Amsterdam for two weeks April.
April 29 is Queen's day.
I know that.
Are you going to be there when I'm there?
Will you be there?
Yeah, now when are you going there?
I'm going there April 28.
I'm going to stay for two weeks.
Right.
Well, before you get there, we'll be warming up your apartment for you.
I want you to and if that you can stay there with you, I and Rose.
No, we're not going to stay there with you, but we will steal all the pot you got laying around.
I have so much drugs.
Oh, beautiful.
And in fact, high times I'm officially a judge and a cannabis test contest for high times next November 29.
One way I got a great diet that's finally started work for me.
You know what it is?
I can thank you for it.
Do you remember that video you said if you and Ron Jeremy naked?
Yes.
Every time I start working up a little bit of an appetite, I pop that video into VCR and I start like...
Just dragging all over the place.
It works like a charm.
I have any we would need.
It's been on to like these little Puerto Rican Batista groupies who hate for Dell, who are bad losers.
You're a sore loser because I won't put out to you.
Yeah, it's interesting.
It's interesting.
Yeah, I wouldn't touch you with somebody else's hand.
Listen, the Batista thing, the whole town and you're so lucky.
Where are you now?
I'm popping on at the pool.
Oh, you're here?
I'm here loving you.
Oh, so you know.
You're a crap that's going on.
They were all these right-wing people in the park.
All these amatacone, matacone.
That's all they know from, man.
You know, I hate them.
All these human facts, so all of them.
I hate them.
And unlike them, I can say something.
No one else would say I was arrested.
I spent five days in Marocazo by for Dell.
I mean, it's not like I'm a for Dell lover, but compared to Batista, these people are happier.
They all have health.
They have education.
They have schooling.
Under Batista, all these low lives who came to Miami were very quiet.
There was no middle class.
They were the ritualist.
That's right.
Absolutely right.
They are low-sum.
That's why they ran.
That's why they turned ash in the rain because they were all of a sudden going to be out
and they ran like a like a bandit to them the other night.
All these bombs, throw us.
F-f-u-zem.
I hate them.
You know what happened?
They brought the same dictatorship under Batista.
They're trying to impose on us.
Right. Right here in the county.
George is the only good spick.
And we're worried.
We're concerned about him.
Anyway, you're feeling better.
I heard you've been doing sensational.
I'm doing sensational.
And what are you, what are we going to do with it?
I don't want to talk to you about it.
I'm here.
You're hopeless.
No, no, no.
My blood sugar dropped from 195 to 175.
I'm being so good because I'm so afraid I got to get it.
What do you mean to 175?
You mean in the morning it's 175?
Yes, yes.
That's terrible.
It's a bit.
It's awful.
It's like at least 80 points high.
Well, I'm being...
I haven't had sugar in five weeks.
Although what I hate knowing is that bread and pasta turned to sugar.
Why is that?
Why that?
You don't have to ask the Lord why that is.
That's why I'm angry at you.
That's why I'm angry at you.
That's why that is.
Why can't hot and dust?
Because he works in mysterious ways.
That's why everything that tastes good is bad for us because God is an SNM God.
You know that.
I know, but what's the point of sharing?
And sharing is be good for me.
He keeps hanging you dangling in front of your face as soon as you were.
Just like Eve with the apple in the pair on the ground.
As soon as you partake of it, horrible things start happening.
You know something.
You're not capable of dangling anything for the mindset.
That's for them, sure.
Not anything you could see anyway.
I want to send you a message.
I'm disappointed in you.
I'm very disappointed in you.
I would have thought of all the people in America that would have outed all the right-wing Republicans.
It wouldn't have been Larry Flint, the pork guy in the wheelchair.
I did not owe them alcohol stealing.
I did it with him last week.
Yeah.
But how come you didn't do it?
Because I don't have the resources here.
I went on four marriages and an embezzlement, I'm pathetic.
I'm really bad.
Yeah.
Can I mention this through websites?
Yeah.
What do you think?
We finally got it up at three a.m. on the expression.
www.thrumat1word.com.
You can get through every week now.
Finally, I know for 30 years I've been bottled up in New York.
And now wide-world web.
I'm so excited about that, Neil.
Yeah.
Are you feeling good there?
I'm looking.
Are you feeling good there?
Are you spreading your perversion all over the world, which I say is great.
When you hit the track next?
Thursday night.
Okay, now I'll be in New York.
Next week, I'm going to visit you at the track.
No, you won't, because next week we won't be in the dining room.
We're on the fourth floor, and there's no women in our box.
The dining room closes on the next week.
No, they're not with that.
Come to Holland when I'm there.
It's going to be so wonderful.
I'm going to be there when you're there.
What do you tell me?
Like I don't know about Queens Day.
Okay, but it should be.
All the Queens though about Queens Day.
Yeah, let's start up with all the rest of the furians selling their drugs on the streets
of Amsterdam.
One of them.
Now you know what I'm talking about.
I know.
I hate them.
I hate them.
Don't you find that disgusting?
It's this bitchy.
You know why it's this bitchy?
Everybody else, they're so nice and so friendly.
And there's no overt, you know, any of the streets.
And people are smoking a little weed, but nobody pays any attention.
But the only ones are those raster guys.
Cool.
Crackback, cool.
And it just bugs me, you know.
I have to agree with you.
Which I try not to play too.
It's a no place is perfect.
And that's the one thing.
And I'm just going to that just great on my nerves.
You know, seriously, in your case, you know, you smoke a little dope and you forget about it.
You might want to.
I do.
I look, I get five inches larger.
Uh-huh.
Okay.
You're up to two inches.
I'm feeding.
I'm going to feed our boy dinner one of the night.
Okay.
I'm 30.
I'm George George.
Boy, this guy gets more free meals.
How about fat ridges?
He coming to.
I'm, I am buying him.
But you know, he, he, he, he picks us now.
I don't get to dinner.
I don't like that.
Oh, you have a great date.
Thank you.
I'll see you.
Thank you.
See you.
I'm stood on.
Thank you, buddy.
Okay.
Well.
Okay.
We got 400 open lives now.
Not going to bother me.
I don't care.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pond 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line.
W W W W dot screw mag dot com.
There you go.
For those of you want to see screw magazine.
With all the real stuff about the world.
And if you want to read about the Pope, maybe you should ask them as the, uh, back issues on
there.
Like the moment of the Pope.
Yeah, the Pope was taking it up the,
rectum.
Here's a mobile and pop beat.
Chilla.
Mobile and pop beach.
Okay.
Long gone.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You know what the deal is with Michael Puts down to his knee.
And what is that?
Uh, the reason he is the way he is is, uh, his wife said no speak it in English.
Too good.
His, uh, his wife, his wife is a hulie.
A hulie, a Cuban hulie.
Why didn't realize that?
He was a hulie.
He was a hulie.
He was a hulie.
Uh-huh.
So I just got to that end.
Okay.
Thanks for taking the, I wasn't aware of that.
Okay.
1600 open lines.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
You pound 5, 60 on the 18T wireless.
Well, let's do the fake voice on a mobile quickly.
Hello.
Mobile in four-larterdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Okay, sir.
I just call on a say.
And this time tomorrow will be in Vegas, baby.
Yeah.
You think it obvious?
So I'll be gathered as time for a week.
I'm pumped.
I'm excited.
And I need that fix.
Just start calling and rub it in a little pal.
Okay.
And everybody here, have a good week.
I'm working on fake voice, but it was a week.
You're right.
Or it's fake with me.
Oh.
They changed.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Well, since I said fake voice on a, you know, he's going to do something else.
That's why he had no material.
And pound five, 60 on the 18 T wireless line 23 to two of two in gym mandates for hand coming up.
Back to him.
No, I know.
Right.
Right next to it at the two o'clock from two to six.
The mad dog.
And then we got bookshambi six day to 45 instead of talking sports with booge.
Okay.
I don't want to mess with anybody else's show calling and big with him to lose some weight.
Beg please.
We're going to lose him.
We're going to lose the bookshambi at a very young age.
This man, he has mushroomed up to jogging.
He makes alcohol sting look like it's about crane on a bad day.
That's how big the boosters getting.
He's a monster in the sports casting industry.
And then 845.
We got the NCAA men's basketball championship game.
You can and Duke.
Oh, could have been Michigan State because that's a real riots.
Steve Parrish.
Uber.
Steve Parrish.
The pubs.
Bob.
Stop.
The pubs.
Bob.
Guys, even the guy there.
The pubs.
Stop.
He likes to smoke in man.
One pubs.
Stop.
He's a creepy ass.
Stop.
Stop.
He's always here.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Got him high on the scale.
He's facing high as fuck.
Oh.
Thompson won just don't know where Jesus reached out back.
Jesus Christ, I'm too bad.
If he never shot up church.
Thompson won't get thrown out of the prison church and church.
Stop.
He's talking about the pubs.
Stop.
He's talking about the pubs.
He likes to smoke in man.
Stop.
He's a creepy ass.
He's talking about the pubs.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Got him high on the scale.
He's facing high as fuck.
He's facing high on the scale.
He's facing high on the scale.
He's covering Paul's head, j..
Jesus Christ.
Jesus Christ.
Jesus Christ, he is covering Paul's head vscepter and church.
, he's covering Paul's head vscepter and church.
Do you remember what that's like?
Awesome.
The purpose getting higher
The purpose getting higher
The purpose getting higher
The purpose getting higher
The purpose getting higher
The purpose getting higher
The purpose getting higher
The purpose getting higher
The purpose getting higher
The purpose getting higher
The purpose getting higher
The purpose getting higher
The purpose getting higher
The purpose getting higher
The purpose getting higher
The purpose getting higher
The purpose getting higher
The purpose getting higher
The purpose getting higher
The purpose getting higher
The purpose getting higher
The purpose getting higher
In now!
143 at 5.50 WQM, I'll tell you one thing
Where we are, are we going to make the last 8-17 minutes of this?
No! No chance
5.670560, 0.560 on the AT&T wireless line
We had one call today about the difference between a baseball game yesterday
Between the pretty much anonymous survival world Baltimore Orioles
And some Cuban national baseball team
And the pub come up there rubbing elbows and other parts with Fidel
Do we get one call about that?
No!
I'd like to know what the difference is
I do see a great difference in fact I'd like to know why the difference in the reaction
It goes back to that same bull crap that we were talking about before
Spineless cowardly
You know when you've been totally brainwashed
And you're not supposed to speak out against this corrupt institution talking about the Catholic Church
The Pope can do any guy that they want
Oh it's the Holy Fodd!
Right there on the stage, okay
Ruben each other's parts together
That was a blessed event
Here's a mobile in North Miami, hello
Hello? Yes sir
I'm Holy Faneel speaking
Nielis is a lunchman from upstate Glend Falls, New York
Yes sir, it's what I like to say alone
Touch your face, we really wish you're happy
Paisa
And good luck, I love to listen to your program
Okay thank you, we got blessed you sir, another guy with nothing to say
Have a happy whatever sir
Get out of here 5.670560
What happened all of a sudden? I think it was Dr. Mark that put everybody in a coma
Good guy but wow
5.670560
pound 5.60 on the AT&T where I was talking about 14 minutes ago
Can we make it? Can we do it?
Here in the town of the walking dead
Here's a mobile in Perine, hello
Hey I'm Boenil
Yes sir, a couple things, one
I got a brother who's doing the hacans
Yeah, and he's dining something sweet
What do you recommend?
What does that mean? He's dining something sweet
Well, besides the cheese takers
Is there anything else that you know you were having when you had a sweet tooth?
No, no, no
Forget about eating something sweet okay
Tell him if he wants to stay alive, forget about sweet
All right, now I'm serious, just hold up a picture of Al Goldstein
Say you want to look like this, just say no to sweet
No, I got something sweet for him okay
All right, the other thing was you know the baseball game yesterday?
Yes, but in an observation you know usually when you watch a major league baseball game
You always see the people in the stands having hot dogs or something drink
Right, if you notice there was no one in the stands that was even holding anything up to their mouth
Well, I thought they were eating modicone and cheese
All right, I'm going to allow that
I'm going to allow that to be serious sir okay
Well, that's because they were all very well behaved
It's working out when you deal with dictators
You know how to orchestrate it very nicely
You heard what Al Goldstein said by the way
He said Caster was a prince compared to full Hinchio Batista, that's what he said
And the comedy made about all those the haves getting them
Of course, all the people that had the money
They ran like hell because they knew that their time was up the jig was up so to speak
Because they were in they were like potnans you know like Hyman Roth and Michael Corleone
They were partners in crime partners in a corrupt fascist dictatorship
That's what they were potnans in that's why you have such a great deal of difficulty convincing people what freedom of speech and freedoms are really all about here
Because they never knew from it in the first place
5 6 7 0 5 60, Palm 5 60 on the AT&T line here's a mobile in Miami
Hello
Neil
Yes sir
Good news
How are you?
Good news
I'm listening
And
Oh huh, right
5 6 7 0 5 60, Palm 5 60 on the AT&T line
Another asshole, here's a mobile in West Palm Beach, hello
Hey Uncle Neil, how are you doing today?
Okay sir, I think it's a call you down to the ad for actually out of three hour and 15 minutes show today
Now we're down to the dregs
Well this is a call you have to the hockey deadline trades
I thought for sure it's all your hockey incinerator like the red man who had been calling you to give you all the updates
What happened then?
Meaning updates about what?
Well you know all the insights before the trade deadline so who could be trading away and what's going on?
There was no big thing as far as we were concerned here and was all coming ahead in the SPN on right here there was nothing to do with reports
Don't be knocking rumory just bought me dinner and paid for it on Saturday okay so leave the reman alone
5 6 7 0 5 this audience man I'm excited they can't keep it up to you this and we need viagra in this town
We need a talk show viagra for this audience to keep it up for four hours I mean three hours and 20 minutes today is an improvement over recent days
Here's another facts about Castro this and Castro that and yeah they don't want they don't want to set the fact that he's beloved by the people over there
He's got a very well brainwashed and they think they got a great and that's the way it works
Now what is this?
Oh 7 7 70 we want to request Neil to align her to help our listeners understand what the hell station they're listening to?
I told him the facts that over in a tree told me about you.
If you just add something like this is near Roger saying to all you assholes listening to me in four miles and Naples that WQM in Southwest Florida is sports radio 770
This is near Roger saying to all you assholes listening to me in four miles and Naples that WQM in Southwest Florida is sports radio 770
And they're still cheap and they still suck and they don't pay the phone bill and they still walk around looking like they just left an dumpster all night to be please.
Yeah this is a real classy operation with no pay the phone bill and a cable bill and pay Georgia the 200 bucks.
See that's the thing that really grinds my ass.
I can understand you know they only wait to a million of them but okay time's it tough.
But when they old people like 83 dollars or like 200 dollars what is that?
Here's a mobile in high lea hello.
Yeah.
Yes sir.
Neil how you doing?
Okay.
Hey uh so let's just say me other day about the gay people and I know you're saying about a couple days ago.
Yes.
Did you tell me a profession that there's no gay in it?
Because I don't know any of them.
Radio sales people.
Radio sales and including yourself.
I'm talking about people who go out and sell advertising.
Oh they're not gay?
I never met one in my life.
For real?
Over the weekend I was trying to think about it I wrecked my brain I never thought of one gay sales guy.
I was thinking hard I'm like God there's gay ones.
I was thinking hard on it.
Yeah I'm hard now right now.
I get hard up very much.
Hey did you see saw some resemblance?
No.
You haven't seen it?
No.
Great man I saw yesterday I heard somebody in a show recommended.
I'm going to go watch it right now as soon as I get out of here.
Okay great.
If it will make me hard I'll go see it.
Okay pal.
I'll stick to the video.
Thank you.
