WQAM, easily read that position or the easily broadcast group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
Oh, that's his set of lips.
Bite me.
I want to know if my Tyson will bite me.
Jerk.
Till I hope he likes me.
Should he want me? I'll be there if he invites me.
For 30 million, I'll be a sport.
I'll then weigh over.
Should he want more?
I'll try.
Tyson can bite me.
Like any Morgan's board of boxer.
Who wants to?
10.0.2.5.60 WQAM.
Happy Thursday, too.
What a great day, baby.
Good day.
Thanks to my good close personal friend,
South Alconi from the Assoli Water People.
What is he reading?
What's the company?
It's not Assoli Water.
They got it.
What's the company?
Foods.
I got to look at a whole deck of business cards.
We love South Alconi.
He's the greatest Italian.
The Italian foods are something like that.
Something like that.
Anyway, just brought in not only some more Assoli water,
but this must be a so-per-sato.
The label is not on the thing.
It's a sand and yelling, which is the real deal.
The MS.
It's so-per-sato, which is a real great like sausage, salami,
and provolone cheese.
And like I'm in a bottle of wine, which I can't drink.
You're just going to take home.
Santa Barbara, Pinot Noir.
Anyway, before we do anything else, let me just tell you.
I'm not going to get it just like Norma can't set up me yesterday.
You're doing the best you can.
Life is too short.
Don't get all bad out of shape about the center one thing.
Allegedly, they're returning everybody's call.
There are people over there.
They will take your orders.
I'm doing the best I can.
Because everybody and their brother wants the best of NLCDs and consents,
which are all at specs.
And they also want the, of course, everybody in the world wants the great key chains,
which everybody ought to have one, and all their kids ought to have two or three in case they lose one.
Student call center one, nine, five, four, five, six, three, 3600,
and if Carol, by the way, doesn't return your call and take your order,
just, you have my permission to go over there and just slap around a little bit, okay?
Because, you know, and like I said, we'll do the best that we can this year,
and then we'll have plenty of time next year to figure out where we're going to go for the money.
What?
Why, why, how come you're eating that so gingerly?
I guess you've never had so prosciutto before.
Is this raw?
Is there, no.
That's what it tastes like.
Okay.
It's a, and I'm, see, I knew that.
If you've never had so prosciutto before, you think, wow, this is like a little strange, huh?
Hmm.
All right, what does the sea have never been to Italy?
They got all kinds of real sussi, they got the real good stuff.
It's not just, don't give me like trickin' osus or something.
Yeah, but you'll have a good time doing it.
It's great.
And we also got some of these great candies.
Oh boy, this is great.
Peter Leonard came by this morning with our delights people.
Where's that spot by the way, Peter, which I don't see on a log yet?
These truffle, sweet and it says, see, I should have read this before.
Sweetened with maltitol.
Yeah, maltitol.
Did you follow what I'm saying?
Uh-huh.
Yeah, maltitol.
So anytime it's got like, sobertol and OLL on the end.
I mean, it's delicious, but, and it's not bad for you, but you too many of them.
Believe me.
So if you're listening and sunrise, you're a little bit plugged up.
Go out and get some.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes?
By report, more profanity across the air waves of stupid talk.
Really?
Yes.
Yeah.
Was our buddy Phil Schull last night about,
really?
Almost an hour into it.
Are you sure?
Positive film.
And a guy's tired of talking about the Neural.
Yeah.
And talking and talking and talking.
And the guy says, uh, it's a bullshot.
Oh, it was part of me from my language.
Yeah.
And of course it went over last night.
Well, today it's on tape.
And it's still they let it go.
Yeah.
So it happened twice.
Huh.
Maybe that must be their new attempt to get an audience over there,
say a lot of crap on here.
Or fire more people.
What was going to take this fall for this?
Especially on a tape.
Some poor $5 an hour board op that's working on board.
Sure.
I'll be beeped.
You're out.
I'll tell you that.
Well, thanks for the good news.
A little spy report there.
They're saying crap.
I'm super talk.
In fact, that should be their mental name.
Oh crap.
Isn't that their mental name?
Uh huh.
That's what I heard.
That's what Ronit told me.
Crap is our mental name.
Just turn it on and listen.
You'll find out.
Here's a letter to the editor in the Sunsend of the day.
And by the way, if it sounds like I'm in a really good mood,
I am because I'm going on vacation after the day.
George will be here tomorrow and all next week talking about how religion
is a bunch of crap and swinging his words at.
Henry Lee Company is the South Alcone.
Like I said, Henry Lee Company, South Alcone are good pies on.
The best good stuff.
Solely water, which I drink by the gallon.
Oh, no more ass protein, by the way.
Ever.
I ran over to Publars last night and got a whole bunch of bottle water
because I was out of Soleil at the house.
But I mean, I stocked up like crazy.
I'm never.
It's semethanol.
It turns to wood alcohol in your body.
It'll kill you.
Aspertang.
And it's not just see if I would have just read it over the internet
because you read all this other crap on the internet.
You say, ah, bunch of crap.
But now I'm reading in these books, which I brought in two great books today,
which I'm not going to talk about because you won't read them anyway.
Oh, about trans fatty acid.
This is the new thing.
They're finally getting, they're finally starting to scratch the surface.
All these experts, all these goddamn government people, all these nutritionists.
Who've been screaming for years about cholesterol and this and that.
And what makes you sick and have heart disease.
And now they're finally discovering.
Just like Dr. Kilmer McCulley says in that great book, The Heart Revolution.
It's the trans fatty acid.
The trans fats, those are the ones that will kill you and with that oxy cholesterol.
Quiddit and those french fries, by the way, quiddit and fried foods.
If you don't want to die real soon, quiddit and fried foods.
And I will say this that they got a lot of french fry places in Amsterdam.
And they're very fond of that.
Quiddit and food over there sucks anyway.
I'm not just talking at Burger King and McDonald's, which they have a lot of those.
But also they have like french fries.
That's all they sell, basically, is french fries and the soft drinks.
Right there on the dam rack, for example, on the mean tourist street there on the strip.
And of course they also eat, you know what they eat their french fries with George?
That's what that is.
Oh, Jesus.
Too much to see that movie again.
Huh?
That must be pulp friction.
So don't ask me why.
I mean, just because it's over there doesn't mean that they do healthy stuff.
They let McDonald's in, didn't they?
Uh-huh. So what does that tell you?
So stop eating those fried foods.
It's trans fatty acid and oxy cholesterol.
That's gonna kill you.
You got it right here in my books right now.
Stunny Veil Colorado?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Aspartane.
Yeah, killer.
killer.
I'm never gonna touch it again.
I'll never have another diet soda as long as I live.
I used to drink for a day for two years.
For gallons, yeah.
And, um...
There, you know, there are days when I drink like two of those two liter bottles in one day.
And my...
So miracle I'm still alive.
My muscles with eight...
Right.
I went to the doctor.
They said, oh, my legs right now.
The doctor.
A lot of you.
You know, the doctors and whatever.
And so I read on the internet last year that this aspartane acts like MS symptoms.
Right.
Stopped it.
And I'm 100% better now.
All right.
All right.
So you take care of what you have in my speaking.
Thanks a lot, pal.
Keep doing it.
There you go.
All the way from the sunny veil.
This guy calls in to tell you people, stop with the diet soda.
Now, I know I've talked about that before.
And then people said, wow, it's just another one of those phony things on the internet.
And you don't...
I don't trust anything on the internet.
By the way, I took that computer back.
Oh!
Got a full credit for my close personal friends at Best Buy.
In fact, I didn't even have...
I had my friend take it over there.
I didn't go back.
Full refund.
No questions there.
They didn't even look at the box.
That's how great the art is best buy.
Thanks, guys.
Yeah, why should I head that?
I got my old one back.
Old one.
How long have I had that?
Like a year or less?
That cop had for cereal.
It's a great computer.
I've had no troubles with that.
See, the bigger it is, the more expensive,
the more complicated it is, the more likely that you're going to have a pile of trouble with it.
Okay, so don't do that.
I know we're not going to talk about that stuff again today.
But I'm just telling you right now, there's the update to report on Neil's computer problems.
Great letter to the editor in the Sun Sentinel today about OJ and Neil Rogers by Ray Salman from Sunrise,
which I'll get to in a moment.
And then it's all request Thursday because I'm getting out here after today's show for a week and a half.
And I command these phones are going to be smoking today, aren't they?
No.
Oh, you wait.
You'll see.
I'll have a wonderful time, Neil.
You'll see.
Look at that.
They're going to be smoldering today.
We just had our first call of the day on the outside of the town line there.
What's wrong with that?
Nine minutes after 10 at 560 WQA and Haka.
What is your QAN?
No portion of this broadcast may be reproduced without the express written permission of WQAM,
beef, wheat, and back physician court.
How can you be sure the buckwheat pillow your buying is authentic?
Yeah.
It's easy.
If you look for the picture of Buckewe on the label.
Ah, nine buckwheat.
That's right.
There's only one buckwheat and that means only one buckwheat pillow.
Give it a try.
No.
It's a pillow kind of...
No, it's mushy.
That's because every buckwheat pillow is filled with the little rascals least favorite breakfast food.
Ah, date lunch.
He said he hates lunch.
Showed his feedies.
Yup.
It may not be good for eating, but it sure is good for sleeping.
Keep doing it, baby.
The original buckwheat pillow.
Order one today.
It's so easy.
Just call.
One state turn in, Smithy, fast.
Keep on, keep a fast.
And get the buckwheat pillow.
And you'll sleep.
Oh, hey.
Yeah.
1015 at 560 WQAM here in the...
By the way, thanks also for the big hunk of a provolone.
That's what he said it was, but it doesn't taste like provolone to delicious.
Wow.
Nice going, Airceal, baby.
Ray Salmon from Sunrise writes in the Sun Central this morning.
I better take this call.
Here's a mobile and four-letter mail.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'd like to hear your arm and asshole by Dennis Lury.
Okay.
Thank you very much.
You got it, pal.
I'm going to have a happy good vacation.
You too.
Thank you.
Along the one that's calling.
Yeah, it's all request Thursday.
And this guy's taking advantage of it right off the bat.
Yeah, because I'm in a great mood.
It's always, you know, because it's for like several days now.
My mind has been away.
And obviously the audience has been, too.
We know where they are, but they'll be back.
Oh, seriously, they're like, they have nothing to say lately.
This thing about the, I mean, why are all these crazy newspeed media people
bringing the relatives of this?
So what's this guy's name again?
Shake your batoo-di.
Booty.
Shake your booty.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's the name.
He's an Egyptian in Arab chic.
Shake your booty.
And he's the one that's down the plane.
And he said, ah, okay, I've made my decision.
And now I put it in the hands of God.
And we're going down.
Yeah.
But they were talking like buddies, weren't they?
No.
That's what it said just Monday.
You notice they won't respond to that.
They won't respond to that because I'm showing them that right here, right in front of you, you can go it.
If you still got it in the trash in your bird cage, get Monday's newspaper to front page out.
There it is.
These two guys, the pilot and the co-pilot, they talk like buddies.
First of all, this co-pilot wasn't even supposed to be on duty at this point.
Did you see that?
Shake your booty wasn't supposed to be on duty.
That's right.
And he goes up there.
Ah, yeah, I want my time now.
I want to, yeah, okay.
And the other guy goes out to take a crap or whatever.
And I was right about that.
The pilot went out to, they said, use the laboratory.
They didn't say on the news to take a crap or a leak or whatever.
You know, I guess they didn't take a leak at, looking at it.
I guess they wouldn't find the traces anymore unless it was really heavy duty.
But anyway, yeah.
And so the paper Monday, all the wire services, all the newspapers, all across America,
these two, they were working together like buddies trying to solve a problem.
What does that come from?
Where did that come from?
Controls forced in opposite directions.
One of them is pushing.
The other one is pulling.
This one is yanking.
And they're going down.
Shake your booty.
So now the news media and their infinite wisdom, what do they do?
They bring all this guys, shake your booty is relative to say, you know,
well, don't you think he did it?
Well, no.
Oh, you're in a, Brian Gumball this morning.
He's screaming at this guy's cousin.
Screaming at him.
Do you trust the Americans?
Do I, do you try, you know, like he's a Mr. Hot Shot, you know?
Am I impressed?
No.
He's an asshole, Brian Gumball.
And his brother sucks too.
We couldn't call a game if you stuck a gun in his head.
But I mean, this is, this is what you get.
And the one of the people are walking around going,
with a screamer, we're either guy named Gumball.
They don't know what's going on.
I'm telling you.
And they're believing, see, I don't want to start for the third day in a row,
but maybe I will.
Because your gender is going to like attack viciously, viciously,
with all this religious crap.
Well, that's just his nature.
He's a vicious little spick.
And he just wants to try to brainwash the public out there.
He isn't willing to live and let live.
And, you know, let you have all your fantasies about the spirit and all that crap.
Like you.
Yeah, right.
Like me, I believe in the spirit.
I love that song.
Am I playing that again today too?
Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach before I get to this great letter.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You didn't buy any chance to catch celebrity jeopardy.
No, he did not.
Well, for the first time in the history.
What they run at 500 times, you can't miss it.
For the first time in the history of celebrity, of jeopardy that you go.
Whether it's celebrities or regular people.
Right.
And final jeopardy, all three people got the answer wrong and all three of them lost and did not get any money.
First, I would wrap the question what.
I'd rather that.
Maybe they should have it on celebrity death match.
Or the answer was, what is the first day of the New Millennium?
No, no, that's not that.
That's got to be in the form of a question.
Well, the answer is.
The answer is.
Is that your final answer?
This is the first day of the New Millennium.
Each of them, each of them, one of them was John Stort.
This guy from the Daily Show, the other two, I forgot who the hell they were.
All three of them said January 1st, 2000.
Ooooooh!
The first to be part of that audience, it was called me that they give me a big son of a dance, but of dummies.
All three of them bet everything they had and the all three lost.
Great.
Isn't that pathetic.
There you go.
That's your mercant way, man.
Dum and dum and dum and dum.
Put them on celebrity death match.
Come on.
That's my thought of the day.
Thanks for the good news.
There you go.
See, are we going to argue about that again?
That'll kill some good time.
Do that while I'm on vacation.
Have another show about this.
This is really the New Millennium.
Let's see.
One and one is two and yeah.
God.
You can't complain about the education in America because there isn't any.
We're not going into the next millennium.
The next millennium begins a little over a year from now.
A year and 43 days or something like that.
Right, let's see.
12 and the third.
Yeah.
So you're in 43 days.
Now now you're wrong.
Okay, I'm wrong.
Okay, I mean, the backstreet boys, they got an album called Millennium.
So it must be the New Millennium.
I mean, they know their crap.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yeah.
Okay, that was well, I'm trying to get these in one at a time because that's the way they're going to ring today.
OJ doesn't deserve celebrity treatment rights.
Ray Salman from Sunrise in the Sunsendless morning.
It must be a sign of the times he says.
OJ Simpson's public appearances seem to be welcomed and encouraged and appreciated by many in our area.
The media shows him at golf clubs, resorts, restaurants and clubs truly a man about our town.
What is repulsive to some people's reaction around here is his presence.
No, I'll me say it again.
What is repulsive to some people's, let me try one more time.
What is repulsive is bad syntax.
If some people's reaction around here to his presence, now we're talking, Ray.
And a celebrity charity golf tourney implantation, OJ attracted quite a few fans and autographs to Chris.
And was compensated for his appearance by not overly bright sports radio at WDQAM.
Their own neo-rodgers got it right, calling OJ's popularity a disease.
Now even a cool lookalike, Christie Brody's bizarre 911 domestic dispute with OJ resulted in nothing more than a photo op and autograph session with OJ by two cops.
Most of us surely have the sentence in decent even though where OJ and his myrish ago look for Nicole Simpson's killer, right?
Right, Ray Salman and Sunrise, let's hear it for Ray.
Salman.
Salman.
Salman Roostery or whatever his name is.
Yeah, that's weird.
That's going Ray.
And how's that shaky booty guy doing by the way?
Won't see him no more, will you?
No.
All his relatives on every newscast.
How embarrassing.
And they had his son on.
They had his brother or cut like on the Gothamers, but all his relatives on saying, hey, never stole a freight train.
And the last thing that one of our Muslim guys would do would be praying to God before coming to suicide because suicide is not in our culture.
It's frowned upon.
Yeah, like those human bonds.
No, no, but that's that's for all of us.
See, this was a Muslim's worship.
Yeah.
That's his one.
I understand that, but that was in the cause.
That was for the cause.
What was this for the cause of?
I killed a bunch of people.
Yeah.
There are a few, you know, going on there.
A few Americans, right?
A couple of Israelis on there.
Yeah.
Maybe he.
Something blown up a human bomb in a restaurant or blowing up a bus.
Yeah.
Well, who now knows what he was obviously crazy than a bed bug.
And he goes up there before it was his time to be in the goddamn cockpit.
And guess what?
About a bing.
They were just talking like two buddies, by the way.
See again, for the eight-minute time, he'll come up with a question for which none of you have got a response or an answer because it's there's no answer for it.
They were interpreting the same.
I mean, I'm sure they got pretty good Egyptian translators with all the resources they got.
All the tax money they're spending, which the guy was rightfully upset about the other day.
I should apologize to him, but I won't because he was an asshole, but nevertheless.
No, he was.
He was a jackass.
But I mean, they got the translators in there, the interpreters, and now all of a sudden on Monday, they're saying one thing and they're acting like buddies.
And now we find out that he put in there with Dive, the cat, the pilot.
He goes, wife says that.
He comes back in there, feels the plane is like, what's going on?
And he says, and then he starts pulling and pull with me, pulling me, and I'm not pushing your pulling.
And the evidence is right there on the, I'm no technical genius when it comes to an aircraft, but.
It says, late in the dive, someone pulled a device called a speed brake, panels on top of the wing that help the plane to send rapidly while still controlling the speed.
A confusing move that someone probably would make only if attempting to continue the dive.
That's right, the elevators, devices that control the plane's altitude were being forced in the opposite direction.
The one on the side of the pilot was going up to try to bring the plane back up again, and the one on the other side where Shakey Booty was sitting, that was going down.
Meaning, try to get as they go, continue going down.
But they were just talking like buddies, like two buddies.
I have it a good time, I have it a couple of beers, few laps.
Here's Volca, hello.
Neil, yes sir.
How you doing? Great.
Neil, I just want to let you know, I started a job about six months ago.
Uh huh.
We're at the drive-all day.
Yes sir.
And I caught you on the radio and I've been listening to you ever since.
God bless you sir.
Thank you.
And I'm starting a new job on Monday and I will not be driving, I will not be listening to you.
Oh god.
I'm going to miss you, I don't know how many more you can lose any more audience, pal. We're down to like two or three now.
I'm very sorry.
God dammit.
You don't have a great vacation.
Thanks a lot.
Good luck to pal.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Okay.
There you go.
Kiss off another listener.
I think in five more listeners, we're out of business.
Uh huh.
Yeah, we're done.
We got those two, uh, two lives used on there and those people, Henry tapes and they got, uh, uh, what's it, Dr. Laura?
No, seriously, I think we're done, but you know something, I don't care.
I don't care.
I take the money, thank you.
That's right, I keep plugging away.
See, at this stage of the game, I look at it this way.
Do I have anything left to prove here?
No.
I don't think so.
After 600 years, am I, and who cares about, you know, 10, 8, or 10, 2, or 5?
What different does it make?
Does it make any difference?
How many car am I done with?
So what, what, you know, who cares?
We're just like, like Norma said, just do the best you can.
That's all you can do.
Just do the best you can.
We know how fickle these people are.
Just like those, uh, sports fans, I heard them screaming about that this morning.
And by the way, why do you people on that morning show?
Why do you pick on a doddering old man like Jigs like that?
I am the first one to tell you, his work that he's doing these Panther games is disappointing at best.
It's pretty embarrassing, but still a million times better than the six years of Christina Moore before him.
And the amazing thing to me is that these guys there in the morning, these ponies,
who are just suck it up to guilty by playing those tapes and ripping the hell out of Jigs McDonald.
These guys are just sucking around.
They never once, never once, criticized Christina Moore on.
Even when he came in there and took over the goddamn BM show in the morning last year,
did they ever have the balls once to knock him?
No. No. He must have had naked pictures, a deep hole with a horse at the, at Gulfstream.
I'm serious.
And they're ripping this pool, who at least like I told you, is a great guy.
Everybody loves Jigs McDonald. So he's a hundred years old. Maybe he don't see what's going on so fast.
Okay. But at least he's talking, at least he's saying something that has to do with the game.
As opposed to Christina, who is sitting there in a coma and you can hear the sounds,
the, the skates and the puck and the boards and the, and the crowds.
And he's like sitting there.
Twitter and his thumbs.
Do these guys ever once have the hopes but a criticized hand?
No. No.
And now it's an all-out attack because they want Gildi to have the,
I want to get him to have the job too but guess what guys? He ain't getting the job this season.
Jigs has got it.
So what's the purpose of ripping a defenseless old man like that?
Would I do something like that?
Well, not with him though. He's a good guy.
He's a sweetheart. Everybody loves Jigs McDonald. One of the nicest people you ever meet in your life.
You know a lot of people like that. Nice people are just inept in what they do.
We have so many of them around here.
We do.
26 after 10 at 5.
What? It's true.
Anybody come into mind?
Oh, we don't have time. We only got three and a half hours left.
No more diet soda kids.
26 after 10 at 5.
60 WQM.
QAM drops the green flag with Motorsports Saturday.
Saturday morning set to 6 with Chocostello.
Right here on Sports Radio 5.
60 QA.
Folks, I'd like to do a song about American Jigsaw.
About me. About you.
About the way our American heart is being weighed down in the bottom of our chest.
About that special feeling we get in the pocket box.
Maybe below the package. Maybe in the sub pocket area.
Maybe in the liver. Maybe in the kidneys.
Maybe even in the colon. We don't know.
I'm just doing regular job with a regular job.
I'm your average wife.
It's a burden I swap.
I like my father. For now it looks about four.
I got an average house.
Where the nice heart would fall.
My wife and my child.
My kids and my child.
I'm proud of my table.
And I can do this to go on.
Sometimes I'm just feeling up to keep a man like me.
Oh no, no way.
No, I've got to go out and have fun.
If someone else is excited.
Well, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I drive really.
Oh, in the home for fast plays.
While people see a high place.
We're going in.
And I'm out of school.
Here we go.
Here we go.
Come on up.
Here we go.
But here.
All right.
Public toilet.
And I can sign.
Or sports.
I walk around in the summertime saying I'm about to see.
I'm out of school.
Here we go.
I'm out of school.
I'm out of school.
Here we go.
Sometimes I'm part in the handicaps.
Wait.
While handicaps people make handicaps and faces.
I'm on a school.
Here we go.
I'm on a school.
Here we go.
Maybe I should be singing this song.
Rancing and raising and cheering.
Maybe they're right for they tell me.
I'm out of school.
I'm out of school.
Here we go.
Come on up.
You know what I'm going to do?
I'm going to get myself a 1967 panel that killed a rottling
vertical.
I think with a whale skin a hop cap.
And all other cow and carrier and things found.
Maybe they're still on the headlines.
Yeah.
And I'm going to cry around.
And that's maybe 150 miles per hour to get in one mile per gallon.
I can now afford a fun of you.
I'm going to burn my down to the old fashioned not by the great of all
side of one container.
And when I'm going to suck it down, those three small burgers.
I'm going to wipe my mouth with the American flag.
And then I'm going to trust the side of one container right off the side.
And then there's a goddamn thing anybody can do about it.
You know why?
Because we got the bomb.
That's why two words.
You're f***ing whist.
Okay.
Russia, Germany, Romania.
They can have all the democracy they want.
They can have a big democracy.
They can walk right through the middle of the end of it.
And it won't make a big difference because we ain't got the bomb.
So dad, John Wayne's not in.
He's frozen.
And as soon as we find a cure for cancer, we're going to throw out that soup.
And he's going to be pretty pissed off.
You know why?
The door is taking a cold shower.
We're going to fly that by 15 million times.
That's how pissed off the soup is going to be.
I'm going to get the soup.
And John has a minute.
And we armament and send that to the wall.
And it takes a minute.
And time's on a next day.
You know who really are an asshole.
You just shut up and sing the song, pal.
Come on, asshole.
Come on, asshole.
Come on, asshole.
Come on, asshole.
Okay.
S-A-F-H-O-L-E.
Everybody, hey!
S-A-F-E-O-L-E.
I'm going to get the soup.
Oh, no.
I'm going to get the soup.
I'm going to get the soup.
I'm an asshole.
I'm proud of him.
All right.
Businessman flew to Vegas for the weekend to gamble.
He lost his shirt off his back and had nothing but a quarter and a second half of his round
trip ticket.
If he could just get out to the airport he could get himself home so he went out to the
front of the casino where there was a cab waiting.
He got him to explain the situation to the cab, he promised him to send the driver money
from home.
He offered him his credit card numbers, his driver's license number, his address, but
to no avail.
The cab he said if you don't have $15, get the hell out of my cab.
So the businessman was forced to hitchhike to the airport, was barely in time to catch
his flight.
A year later the businessman, having worked long and hard to begin his financial success,
returned to Vegas and this time he won big.
Feeling pretty good about himself, he went out to the front of the casino to get a cab
ride back to the airport.
Well, who should he see out there at the end of a long line of cabs, but his old buddy
would refuse to give him a ride when he was done on his luck.
The businessman thought for a moment about how he could make the guy pay for his lack of
maturity and hit on a plan.
The businessman got in the first cab in line and said, how much for a ride to the airport?
$15 came to reply and how much for you to give me some oral sex on the way.
What get the hell out of my cab?
The businessman got into the back of each cab in a long line, asked the same questions
with the same result.
When he got to his old friend at the back of the line, he got in and asked, how much
for a ride to the airport?
The cab he replied, $15.
The businessman said, okay, and off they went.
Then as they grow slowly past the long line of cabs, the businessman gave a big smile
and thumbs up sign to each driver.
There you go, not bad.
Steve from Amsterdam, thank you, Steve, baby.
$5.670, $5.60, $5.60 on the AT&T line.
We're talking about how come nobody shops at Dillard's.
Now, seriously, you football guys like Peter Warwick, if you're going to go ripen off
the department stores, pick on somebody else.
Dillard's cannot afford to have him guys shoplifting or steal and merchandise for a couple of
cents in their store.
I like Dillard's.
I mean, I always like a store that nobody else likes.
That's me.
I'm always the odd man out.
I go in there a couple of nights ago to pick up a couple things for my vacation.
This is just a matter of weeks before Christmas.
This is getting close to the busiest shopping timid years.
Is there anybody in there?
There are more salespeople in there than the work customers guaranteed.
Which is nice.
You pick out what you want.
You go and the guy is delighted.
I don't know if they work on commission or what.
He's ecstatic to see you and to ring up your stuff and give you a big smile and thank
you.
And that's it and you walk out.
They got great stuff in there.
So maybe it's a little expensive.
You want your cheap skate?
Is that the problem?
I like Dillard's.
They're just saying nobody's shopping there.
That's the problem.
Here's four Myers.
Hello.
Any old hydrogen buddy?
Great.
Spireport from a four Myers specs store.
They're selling pretty good with your CDs and all.
Yeah.
But they say that I wish you could sell a keychain is there too because a lot of people
have been asking about them.
Yeah, we got to do something about that.
They don't want to sell a keychain that's special because there is small or even a
counter.
They would just put them behind the counter.
I was saying that George yesterday if they would put in each store, you know how they
have like when you go to a hotel and you're trying to register, they have a ballpoint pen
and it's got a chain tied to the counter.
Yeah.
They would just take one of these and tie to the counter with a chain so people can seal
it and see it and feel it and do it with it and see what it's all about.
And then have all the other ones behind the counter where we could sell 50 billion of these
days.
I agree.
I mean, I have two guys that work at the post office with and they want to get one but
the problem is they don't have a computer to get one.
Right.
They don't know what to do.
Real quick too.
The finally they got their dead ass and something might stuff after about a month and
a half.
Yeah, they better get with it right away.
Yeah, we're not buying your stories by the way, Carol.
And she's a surly one, Carol.
My gosh.
She made me feel like I was like the anti-correct from her phone.
And can I get a shameless question?
She's doing you a favor.
You're donating to the other person.
I know.
I definitely need your money and she's gotten the attitude.
Tell me about can I get a shameless request or whatever you like.
Oh, prisoner of wealth, prisoner of prison bitch, whatever it's called.
Okay.
Thank you, sir.
You got it.
A bit of a vacation.
Thanks.
Look at these phones, baby.
Are they smoking?
No.
They're pretty quiet.
That's okay.
Like I said, I couldn't give a ranch ass list.
We got some nice food here.
Thanks to my good buddy, South Alcona.
You see when the push comes to shove, you see who your real friends are.
You know, Joe Rosoli, South Alcona.
This guy over there in Fort Myers.
Anybody else we can think of?
No.
No, but let's just start.
That's a good start.
So it's better than have like, you know, just a small handful, which I can live up to
that.
That's seriously.
Then have a whole bunch of fear weather friends, which is generally when South
thought of what you always have.
You know, a couple of maybe really good friends and then a bunch of fear weather friends.
Who your friend till, you know, something better comes along.
You know, different novelty, whatever it might be.
You know what I'm talking about.
You know what I'm talking about?
I'm sure.
But they'll be back.
No consequence.
The markets have 121 points.
By the way, but this is good.
Just keep going up.
And by the way, I noticed that there doesn't seem to be any Y2K friends yet.
It's the eight, not that I'm complaining.
Eighteenth of November and all these predictors of doom and gloom were they right?
No.
I don't think so.
I think people want to hop on, jump on, on hop aboard like my favorite Chris Moore used
to say.
Remember Chris Moore?
That they never criticized on a morning show because they had all had their head up
his ass.
But now along comes this dot ring old man.
I take it.
I take great exception to this crap.
It's not.
You know, I'm the first one to knock anybody.
Okay.
And I do it in fun, usually except for Scrooam, but usually in fun.
Good spirit.
But in his case, does he deserve it this guy?
No, he's a good guy.
And every single day they're taking extra.
I think we're going to start taking excerpts from their goddamn show.
It could be any day and play embarrassing stuff on the year.
That sounds like a plan when I come back.
Uh-huh.
Twenty before 11 at 560 WQ.
There was a no farmer who lived on a rock.
He's had in the middle just hit me.
It's that some boys who were down by the crick.
There being the water.
There is on their marbles and play things.
And I have past lore.
There's a female young lady.
She looked like a pretty young creature.
She sat on the grass.
She pulled up her dress and she showed them her rumbles and laces and white ploppy dung.
She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children so they would not spend.
While the boys in the barnyard were shoveling, wrapped you send there from yesterday's hunt.
While the girl in the meadow was rubbing her eye that the fellow down by the dot.
He looked like a man with a size of a home in the country with a big fence out front.
If he has her phone like Lee, she'd show him her netto bet dog who was subject to pit.
And maybe she'd let him grab hold of her small tender and with a movement so quick.
And then she bent over and sucked down his candy.
So tasty made a butter.
Scott and then he spread with cream all over her cookies that she had left out on her shelf.
If you think this is dirty, you can go and yourself.
Four things to 11 after our good buddy, Mike Don and Kendall wanted to hear that.
And yes, I did hear about that horrible story down in Texas with those four students who were killed.
They were building that building a long thing for their bonfire and the horrible story is what it is.
Mike, but that's so what can you say?
How was that? What was that? What are you getting psychotic about?
Oh, someone on the inside, they call and they say George and then if I don't get it that second, then they hang on.
Well, FM.
I'm.
You want to make it like before I go out of vacation?
Again, I'm sitting here today wondering why like not more lines are lighting up.
And of course, we know at least that now what about seven? Is that working today?
Yeah, that's working. Okay, that's good.
Seven.
Have a little bit of a problem.
Hello?
Yeah.
And you know, the best part of it is there's somebody on the other end of that.
Can you hear that? That's why you heard the hang up.
There's actually somebody out there that tried to speak to us, trying to speak to us,
but can we get our phone system to work here? No, I saw George Corso stick his head in the door there for about 20 seconds.
That's the first we've seen him in about a month.
Can we give this phone system straight now for this radio station?
You think maybe by the time I get back? No, okay, I'm just checking. I thought I care.
Not going to bother me because quite frankly, I like this out of it.
What just happened here?
What just happened line four? Did they clearly not get working on it?
Maybe they're working on it or maybe it was that screwed up in the back there again,
which is what happened while you were on vacation.
Maybe somebody went back there and screwed it up because somebody keeps
popping around with a phone from the morning show from that other studio.
How do you like that? There it is.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, POP 5 60 on the AT&T line.
No more diets, so to accept by the way.
One good piece of work here for our good buddies in Delights.
What time did you say to put that in by the way? 11, 15, 12.
Oh. Which they're playing games with their spawns.
Is again downstairs, may anyone in any way.
But anyway, our good buddy Allen over there Delights.
This is Slim Joan Soda that they have which is delicious by the way.
It doesn't have any expert team. It's diet soda.
It has no calories, no carbs, no fat, no nothing.
and it also has no aspartane.
It's got sucralose, which doesn't make you crap,
and it doesn't make you sick, and it's not aspartane,
and it doesn't turn into what alcohol in your system,
in the methanol.
So for those of you who are giving up aspartane
like I am because it's going to kill you sooner or later,
and give you like MS symptoms and make your muscles ache,
and make you feel crappy all the time,
maybe that's the problem.
And maybe that's another reason that those of us fat people
are having such a hell of a time losing weight.
Even Dr. Atkins, remember that?
Said that?
Diet sodas.
They're going to kill you.
And by the way, I have something really nice I want to do for Ma.
Well, seriously, because Alan sent over all these chocolates,
these truffles, very low in carbs, perfect for the atkins,
and my mother just loves chocolates.
She's addicted to it.
If I looked like several boxes of this,
it would keep her busy while I was on vacation.
Huh?
Yeah, she'd be busy with dogs to be less stressed out,
because she'd have lots of time to bitch him out while I'm gone.
Yeah.
Wow.
Yeah, I have three or four boxes of these, Ma.
Keep your regular.
How's that line doing, by the way?
Oh, God.
If we actually get a call in there,
I might squeeze myself a little bit.
Here's Haya Leah. Hello.
How's it going?
Pretty good, sir.
I was there.
Now this line's screwed up.
Yes.
I could hear that.
I was there.
First one in line on Saturday.
I was with my kid.
Yes, sir.
And I was feeling terrible.
I made it, uh, got off of bed just to say hi.
Well, thanks.
I got my name.
Great.
I love it.
Everybody in the world should have one.
Everybody in the world should have a phone that works too,
but we don't.
True.
Uh, Neil, I, I saw you had some photos that I was going to get one from you.
Yeah.
And I said, I was so full of drugs and things, because I was sick.
You know,
most of our audiences pull the drugs.
All right.
Yeah.
I was going to get one.
Oh, listen to that.
I love the way that sounds.
Ooh.
Yes.
Go ahead, sir.
Oh, yeah.
I'm going to get one of those photos from you.
But I, like I said, I was all drugged out.
Yeah.
I was wondering if I could get one from you.
How are we going to do that?
I don't know.
Maybe I could get my address to George.
And could you mail it to George?
George is okay.
George is not really good.
Moody said, okay.
All right.
And one more thing.
I was going to ask you what's a gochemist poem.
That's an Egyptian word for a suicidal copilot.
He's an awful real component.
Shake your booty.
What is it?
Gochemist poem.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay, pal.
I'm learning my gettish now.
Keep some gettish to those kids.
Okay.
They'll come in handy later.
All right.
We'll take over the world.
Okay.
Have a great day, pal.
All right.
Good luck.
And we'll send you something in the mail.
How do you like the sound of that line?
You like it?
No.
Hey, I hate to break the news.
You have blood.
Your phones are all screwed up again, Mr. Hotshot.
I'll look at that.
He's crying already.
He's squirting them all over the place.
He lined four.
Oh, wait a minute.
Is that a call online for?
Are you speaking to somebody on there?
Is it like a living and breathing person?
You don't look too happy about it though.
Well, I didn't say necessarily a real call or like a good call.
I would just say like a person on it.
And I would judge his right and crap though.
Is that who I just spoke to?
Who is it?
He's right and he's right and over here.
What was that?
It's a pain in the ass.
Oh, I hear it.
I'm, I'm, I'm, come on.
Listen to what?
Now what is that?
A brow or what is that line?
If I can just get it to ring, I'll pick it up cold and see if I can put it on the
ear.
Although now the line I just spoke to him on Saturday.
I'll screw it up too.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's a mobile and Palm Beach.
Hello.
Morning, sir.
How are you?
Pretty good.
I just want to focus my opinion.
I believe it's clear the immediate responsibility to bring out the McDonald's ineption.
I'm subject to listening to this guy's book quality based on stories and little friendship
with him.
And how come it wasn't that near the same guy that called him this morning?
How come it wasn't the, where the responsibility to bring out Chris Moore's ineption for six
years?
I don't think Chris Moore's ineption is right to the level of the...
Sir, you're dreaming.
On his worst day, Jigs McDonald is 100 times better than Chris Moore will ever be.
Chris Moore didn't describe the game.
How can you, how can you convey the action of a hockey game when you're not even talking about the game?
Sir, I heard you're called this morning.
There's the guy right there.
Trace the call.
There's the Jigs McDonald assassin right there.
There's the same asshole that called, I heard him this morning on the worst day, in between CDs and my player.
I heard this guy.
You're nothing but a guy named Hardass.
You're jealous, okay?
Because Jigs has got a thing called the Bellatory.
You're jealous of those two big fat guys.
That's what it must be.
Like I said, and your response on Christine and Moore, you're dancing around the edges.
He is the worst excuse for a hockey broadcaster.
Believe me, you're not talking to B-Fo now.
Who keeps talking about Win Elliott, see?
Win Elliott was great, but that was 100 years ago.
Just like Eddie Jackman and Gump Worsley.
That's B-Fo's hockey knowledge.
So it's easy to call up those guys.
And then Geldy sits in the background and dummies up,
who's the only one knows about hockey.
And then morning show, he dummies up because otherwise it's embarrassing him while his other buddy suck up to him.
He's trying to tell, oh, D Goldie should add the job because Jigs sucks.
And you're and you're and you're pointing there.
He happens to be a good guy, okay?
And so yeah, he's not doing a very good job.
But what the hell difference is to make the games wrong TV anyway.
Go buy a TV set.
Go watch my good close friend Jeff Rimmer, okay?
He's doing all right.
And then there's that frog to these pop fan.
He can't open selfies a moron.
Tells wrong with you, man.
Ticking on a doddering old man like that, who like I said, happens to be a great guy.
As opposed to Chris Moore, and I'll say for the eight minute time,
who was inept at a horrible guy in an asshole.
Despite by almost everybody, except the morning guys,
we haven't at least still have their head up their his ass and his guy on the phone.
This guy must be that Lou guy they used to call a post game show all the time.
Debbie on a mobile and Lou from wherever he was from Lou from Hollywood.
Same boring, tired old crap man.
Your sales last year's Hala va.
Gets a new material.
Jigs McDonald's 50 times the man that you'll ever be, okay?
In size and in spirit.
I make any sense?
Here's Boyton B.
Hello.
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
Call the wish you a great vacation.
Thanks.
Come back, rest and ready to farm up again.
I might come back.
I might not.
You never know.
All right, then your choice.
I'll be back.
All right.
And have give George a good time.
Well, do my best.
Give George a hard time.
Okay, thanks.
Yeah, George is going to have some smoking shows.
That's when the phones will light up starting tomorrow when I'm out of here.
Oh, yeah.
Now they're out there.
They just don't want to talk to me because I'm a trouble maker.
I don't care.
It doesn't bother me at all anymore.
I got to hold the attitude.
You know where I am mentally back?
I'm back right now.
Where I was a few months ago with it.
I don't care attitude.
Yeah.
Because that seems to be the prevailing thing around here.
I don't care.
Yeah, even when we got that song, I don't care.
It's good.
That's the way to do it.
Don't care.
Don't care so much.
Do it all harm, but also don't care.
And then you'll live a lot longer that way.
You start caring.
You drive yourself nuts.
Just like the center one thing.
I'm doing the best I can.
And you should tell enough you should be doing those van hits
while you're on here.
We'll see, you know.
What's wrong with that?
You can start that this next week and then continue when I come back.
Go out there and get these buttons.
Because I think everybody ought to have these guy damn key chains.
Yeah.
And it is a good cause and spite of the fact that they're one or two in it.
Volunteers working over there, but it's a great organization.
They can use your help.
And we want to do a good job.
And we want to do a good job.
Oh, yeah.
I don't like doing anything half-assed.
Oh, by the way, speaking of half-assed.
The Scotty Mac people.
The construction people that are doing this 80 year project here on the third floor in this building.
The reason that they're not doing very much and we have this on very good authority right.
100% guaranteed.
Is because the company that want to be easily read people.
Oh, them a fortune.
No pay, slow pay as usual.
How do you like that?
Don't be 50 dollars.
No, we can't.
We don't got it.
The one easily reads.
That's why this project.
Let me say it again.
It took 13 months to build the Empire State Building.
Maple Leaf Gardens in Toronto back in 1932.
And that was in the Depression.
I think it took them about six or eight months to build the whole thing.
From the ground up.
This project's been going on since before Jesus was before Muthoo's.
What was a baby?
And why?
You might ask.
Because this company doesn't pay their bills.
That's why.
How do you like that?
This big shot want to be easily read people.
They don't pay their bills.
Anybody knows that.
So they're putting in a ceiling time that tells, all right, one at a time.
Remember that old show horrible show one day at a time?
That's what they're doing.
One day at a time.
One tile at a time.
Because that's how much they can afford to pay for.
In fact, you'll see Greg Reed in a very dusty old Brooks Brothers suit standing on a corner
of Ivory Road in 441 this afternoon.
He's going to be out there.
Yeah, with a big bucket.
Taking up a collection to see if we can finish this construction project here.
Want to be easily read broadcasting.
If you people had any idea.
Any idea.
Oh, but line four works now.
I guarantee it was that phone in the other room again.
I bet you any amount of money.
They're dickin' with us because I outed them on Rippin' Jigsmeck Donald and this asshole
to call the couple minutes ago.
You ought to be ashamed, sir.
In addition to which nobody cares about hockey here anyway, so leave the guy alone.
Nobody in plus the game was on.
I take the game off TV life.
Was it the line in there with screwed up?
He don't know.
He's in the law line.
He's doing schedule.
He's in another world.
He's four minutes before 11 at 550 WQA.
Or maybe outside 6D.
Well, he's gonna throw it.
He's gonna throw it.
He's gonna throw it.
He's gonna throw it.
He's gonna throw it.
He's gonna throw it.
But I don't care what they say.
Because my love is so strong.
They tell us we should be ashamed.
We're not husband and wife.
But I cherish each moment with you.
I'm so glad you're in my life.
You're my prison bitch.
My prison bitch.
You're not like other men.
I'm glad we share a prison cell.
We'll life go out at 10.
I can't escape the way I feel.
Now that will be a fry.
As long as I am doing you, I don't find you in time.
There's cause you're my prison bitch.
My prison bitch.
And I have no regret.
I got you for a penny bar.
And a pack of cigarettes.
And for two were resistance.
But now you are my friend.
I knew that I would give you in the end.
I can't die to a sick crowd.
Oh, what about?
Yeah.
I can't die to a sick crowd.
I can't die to a sick crowd.
And now you are my prisoner.
I'm your prison bitch.
You're prison bitch.
And you're a submission.
I only have a request.
How about some is that the least?
I'm tired of this prison cell.
I need to get ahead.
My prison's been to seven years.
Not a given time to take.
I'm your prison bitch.
Your prison bitch.
You live for many lives.
I'm here to be my ghost.
Get your damn gun.
Not back.
I thought that I could break away.
But now I'm losing hope.
God, I'm tired of peeping off the soul.
And for a prison bitch.
Prison bitch.
Burn up the lights as I get on you and me.
Prison bitch.
You're a prison bitch.
When I get out, I'm rich.
You're so strange.
You're my prison bitch.
My prison bitch.
I'll never say goodbye.
You're not like all the others.
Too bad they had to die.
Oh, on the second path, I breathe out fake.
If you want me to.
Your prison bitch.
Is there anything you.
I'm hurt you when I'm still me.
But now you're my soulmate.
I'm so prepared.
I don't know.
I know I know what they're called.
Or criminal.
You want to find out when you call this the polkae.
Revenge or other woman fake.
You're her boss.
She's resposted.
Write the truth justly.
Your heart essays.
Are they helping his blood?
Or it's no use?
But you've got your hero.
And it's 82 dollars.
I'm calling the morning show and this show.
Wow, talk about a rich full life.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 600 open lines here this morning.
They're pretty quiet.
Pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
They're still trying to figure out how those two adjips
into the pilot and the co-pilot.
On Monday, they were talking like buddies
trying to solve a problem.
And now all of a sudden come to find out.
One of them crashed the plane.
It was an active Suicide.
And one of them was pulling and one of them was yanking.
They're still trying to find,
have we had one response about that?
No, of course not.
Flutters good news for all you believers out there is.
For Noah's flood, here's a new wave of evidence.
Sent to us from a list there in Northern Michigan
on the internet.
Scientists have discovered an ancient coastline
550 feet below the surface of the Black Sea,
providing dramatic new evidence of a sudden catastrophic flood
around 75 hundred years ago, the possible source
of the Old Testament story.
And we underline the word story of Noah.
How do you like that?
And like I told you, every time there was like some kind
of natural thing, whether it was a hurricane, a tornado,
a flood, whatever it was.
God was pissed off and God did this and God did
there you go.
So a little bit of truth is dangerous,
just like the pilot and the copilot that we're talking
like buddies trying to solve a problem.
Right there at a front page.
I guess I'm the only one who even pays any attention
to stuff like that.
The rest of you just ignore it
because otherwise you'd go nuts.
Speaking of going nuts,
here's the facts from another one of our listeners.
Here's Kathy Willitz, our favorite,
Pockmarked, modeled Kathy Willitz.
That's not what the D, that's what two T's.
At the Crazy Horse in San Francisco on Market Street.
And don't porn Starflora is notiest info.
Kathy Willitz, she be doing it out there.
How do you like that?
Pain you, it's true.
I can have an orgasm just driving down I-95.
But only if you're driving this side.
No, Paso.
Thanks to our friends over there in Tampa for faxing this.
And look at this.
All our faxes are coming from out of town.
This is great.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
All requests Thursday.
I was lying forward doing by the way.
All right, oh, thank God.
Here's a lady mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, this is Karen from Miami.
I'm just calling to say I love your show.
Thanks, Karen.
And it's nice to see another gay member
out there in the spotlight.
I appreciate it.
Out there in the spotlight?
Well, yeah, we're usually in a closet.
So it's nice to see some family members up there.
Uh-huh.
And outside of that, I don't have any other material.
I just really enjoy your show.
And it's the first time I'm calling you.
OK, well, I would say put you up on it.
I think that would be an important part.
Have a great day, Karen.
Bye-bye.
Tudaloo.
Tudals.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
What's it going to be, boys and girls?
What's it going to be?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line?
Like I said, is there one person out there
who's got the common decent disease
and say something good about James McDonnell?
Oh.
After the vicious, the unnecessary, the needless
attacks against a good guy this morning.
That if it going on day after day on a morning show,
where they wouldn't know a hockey puck
if you're stuck in their rectum,
exactly, especially B-4, who's still
hucking a china with wind Elliot.
Boy, you talking about a guy that's out of touch.
I mean, really out of touch.
Here's a mobile in homestead.
Hello?
Can you?
Yes, sir.
Hi.
Good morning, sir.
How are you doing?
OK.
Kind of quiet here.
I'm going to quiet.
Home of post.
Doesn't sound that way.
No, the one I'd let you know.
Yesterday, I heard you talking about the J and Americans
and the...
Yes, sir.
Thank you, Valley.
I was there.
And?
And we had a bunch of seats and Jake Black come on
and he just blew your socks off.
Right?
To be so old and to be a little bit out of shape and stuff.
He's still be able to sing.
He can do it.
Oh, excellent.
And then his 16-year-old son come on and just knocked
everybody dead.
And if everything was going smooth and the Franky Valley
come on.
Oh, boy.
I'm so sorry.
I heard the first song.
I had to go out and get a double.
I wasn't the only one in the borderline there.
If his mirror attack...
Just what have been working, you know?
Well, I went back in after the double
and he still didn't sound any better.
And we left on the fourth song.
And it was just for good...
It was for a good reason.
Because when we left, J Black and his son
was just coming out of the back of the...
Yeah, the...
Thank you.
...for it on the unit there.
And we actually just ran into him and stopped and talked
him for a few minutes.
Had an autograph, I guess, and pictures.
And I got a chance to talk to his son for a minute.
It's a very well-spoken, very nice young man.
And I mean, it's really good to see somebody.
That's very polite and very good singer and still, you know,
just everything's not going to be fine.
I'm glad you had a good time.
At least they're part way.
And have a great day.
You had a good time.
Till Frankie came on.
Just remember, Frankie, big girls don't cry.
Ten minutes after 11 at 5.60 WQM.
Were you fudged back in?
I know someone I can do without sandwich or food.
It must, that's it.
It's sick.
The skin is sick.
I know.
Your future's bleak.
That hero in feet.
You got to lay off the blow.
Hit, mask, that skinny chick.
We want to know what's the deal to close the trap when you're in rehab.
You're worse than Ali McBear.
11.15 at 5.60 WQM.
Here's a fact.
Ronald DeBour, what a great ducts name that is from the Netherlands.
He says, I believe TM Terry Murray is misusing Brein over Seltsa.
Just like that, McLean, they would stracke.
I think we should keep an eye on that.
What's Robbie doing in line with Brein?
Excellent point there.
Ronnie, they won again to the one last night.
They played like crap from all reports.
I got it on tape.
Couldn't stay up to watch that till 2 in the morning.
Did I?
No.
And Robbie Scrooid to winning goal, even though according to Guilty No Les, he played a
crappy game as worse than the year.
How do you like that?
Oh, that must have been some performance.
Let me say it again.
Paul Law should be on a defense again, not on the wing.
And I don't care what position God didn't Chris Wells play.
He ought to be in the stand.
Plenty of guys can play the wing end center.
And they need to find somebody else to center the fourth line.
Not Chris Wells.
She belongs in the stands.
But I don't confuse these people because all they want, they're only thing they got to
talk about with.
And by the way, here's another fact from Joe and Sunrise.
I'll save this.
Let me just read the last part.
He says, I listen to Jake McDonald with the islanders and he's great.
See, Joe and Sunrise don't want to say it on the ear because somebody might recognize
his voice, but he facts as me that he likes Jake's McDonald.
Let's hear it for Joe and Sunrise.
Who sends me great facts, which I'll get to eventually.
Yeah, call up and rip and tear and knock.
You'll never hear me doing that.
You never hear me knock anybody.
That's right.
Seth, maybe Christina Moorah and our sales manager, that bitch, but other than that, do
I ever knock anybody?
No.
No, never.
It's against my goddamn religion.
You can't say something like my mother says, if you can't rip the crap out of somebody,
don't say anything at all.
That's her philosophy in life.
If you can't say something nasty and hostile, don't say anything at all.
And that's just counts philosophy.
The guy hasn't been here long enough to do anything bad, the poor Jigsmeister, and they're
ripping him a major ass day after day after day.
Did they do that to Zimford?
No.
Did they do it to Christina Moorah?
No.
No.
And I don't want to mention the other names because there's plenty of other so-called
play-by-play guys that have been in town the last few years that they could play all kinds
of embarrassing really bad calls that they do it.
No.
No.
But they got to bug up their ass about this because they wanted Guilty to get the job.
Hey, guess what?
He didn't get the job.
He ain't going to get the job, not this year.
So lay off of my good close personal friend, Jigs, okay?
You assholes.
Here's Fort Myers.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
First of all, I heard Jigsmeister, I heard Jigsmeister, and he's not too bad.
Not too bad.
There you go.
Fair enough Chris Moorah did.
Not too bad.
Yeah.
Everybody with a brain knows that in this loud mouth-aloo guy that calls again for the
second time and wants to rip him an ass when I bring up Christina Moorah.
Well, he wasn't as bad.
Bull crap.
He was an abortion.
He was at his grace.
Yeah.
Okay, getting to the main point of my call.
Neil.
Foster, he would have just ready to jump out of his box in the ground because he's so upset
about Chris Moorah, yes, sir?
Okay, yeah.
Anyway, I'm about to leave.
Lost last night.
Anyway, there was a caller earlier that talked about celebrity jeopardy.
Yeah.
He played you for a sucker.
Just to let you know, there have been a couple of times which people have, everybody
has gotten zeroes, but it wasn't the last night.
So what difference does it make?
Okay.
That just makes five listen.
It wasn't the playing of the heater.
Yeah.
But that wasn't even the right response.
And granted, it is correct.
That's the first day of the Malay and would be 2001.
Yeah.
So let me ask you, what difference does it make?
Okay.
What difference does it make?
That first is if you were starting to rip on some of the stars and it's an acid that
just let you know what?
What difference does it make?
I want to make sure it's not always being the A.Y.s.
That's all.
Yeah.
Anyway, and if I was ripping on some of the stars, what would they look like?
No, no, no.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I just want to make sure you weren't being fed any lies.
I don't know.
I can't fetalize every day.
Okay.
I hope you have a vacation.
Okay.
Thanks.
See, they're real uptight of an Air Force Myers.
You better get used to the program, sir, because we get fetal out of crap every day.
We're just tickled at anybody calls at this point.
You know what I'm saying?
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
That's all we care about.
We're going to cover that's true, whether it's make believe, whether it's fantasy,
whether it's some bubble-mysy, as they say, whether it's Naples and Port Charlotte,
Bubble Mises, 5, 6, 7, what is that that you're cleaning?
What is that thing?
A watch like pillbox.
I put a roach in it one day.
No, it stinks.
So I got to clean it out with alcohol.
Was it crawling around?
Here's a Pemberpine, tell him.
Neil.
He put a roach in it.
How do you like that, sir?
Neil.
Ruggie.
Yes.
Yes, I want to ask you about the diet soda without the Aspercane.
I want to know what's the name of that.
The name of it?
Yeah.
Slim Jones.
That's the brand.
Where can you get that?
The only place I know is the Likes in Boca.
The Likes in Boca?
Yes, sir.
Okay, thank you.
Thank you, sir.
Yeah, get rid of the Aspercane.
Okay, in fact, I'm glad he inspired me just to take a couple of moments here because
nobody will call about this stuff, although he did.
My good post-brand killer, my colleague MD, who wrote that great book, The Heart Revolution
about polar acid and about Homo-sistine and believe me, I know my Homo.
By the way, did I ever get my Homo-sistine number?
And I'm glad I'm reminded myself of that.
I get it from that doctor.
No.
No, for my good friend Gary over there, since today is Thursday, I was supposed to get
a week from last Thursday, which today is Thursday.
Did I get it yet?
No.
God damn number.
That's awaiting from the lab that's still playing with my blood like Dracula on a bad day.
Did I get the number?
No.
No.
And why not?
I want to know my Homo number before I go on vacation, God damn it, so I can put it
proudly on my forehead.
I mean, seriously, when you go to Amsterdam or anywhere in Western Europe, you want to know
your Homo number before they get immigration.
The oxy-cholesterol we eat in powdered eggs, fried foods, heated butter and powdered milk
is likely to damage arteries and cause heart disease.
On the other hand, if you eat fresh eggs, butter, milk, or food, sauteed, and olive oil,
your arteries will not be harmed.
He says, for all the non-believers reading this, I'll say it again.
Oxy-cholesterol is the only kind of cholesterol that can cause artery damage.
And, in another book called The Omega Plan, which I want to, you know, they don't
want to hear about another book.
Avoid trans fatty acids, okay?
That's the most important thing.
Just keep it in mind that I told you.
And they've been telling you about this all day.
Yesterday, this was the big thing in the news.
Avoid trans fatty acids.
And now the government is going to try to make them label on the label, along with all
the other stuff they put on there, not just how much fat saturated, unsaturated, etc.,
but also trans fatty acids.
And they're saying, oh, we don't want to do that.
Food, high in trans fatty acids do not eat the following, okay?
Get your pen and pencil.
Get your cassette recorder.
Make a list.
Well, where's the line here about the fact that there's certain, where the hell is that?
About molecules that the body can't even absorb?
I'll find that.
This is too important.
Food, high in trans fatty acids, biscuit mixes and dough.
Say goodbye to the Pillsbury doughboy.
Cakes and cake mixes, cinnamon rolls, cookies and cookie mixes, corn chips, crackers,
donuts, crackers.
You hear that mile like soda crackers that you were feeding to my poor little dog and
early kill them.
Crackers, high in trans fatty acids, granola, frozen dessert, not ice cream.
According to this book, the other book says ice cream included dump the ice cream.
Muffin mixes, pastries in general, even home untouched, pie crust and pie crust mixes,
flavored popcorn, potatoes chips, shortening tortillas and tortillas, all very, very high
in trans fatty acids.
Fried foods like french fries, do not eat, do not touch, do not breathe, do not get
near, do not inhale.
Look at that.
I love that.
I love when you drop something.
I love those one of those key chains of disc.
I love that.
Where's that thing about the molecule?
Oh, here you go.
It says the biggest danger from fat comes from eating trans fats or partially hydrogenated
oil found and everything from ice cream to crackers to candy.
Candy, margarine also contains trans fat and should be avoided at all costs.
At all costs, here comes the jackpot.
The process of hydrogen, hydrogen, whatever that is, hydrogenation that cartons, oils
and stabilizes them against spoilage, creates an abnormal configuration of hydrogen atoms
that is biologically incompatible with the human body.
How do you like that?
Biologically incompatible with the human body, boys and girls, these fats alter the
membranes of the cells, rendering them dysfunctional.
This in turn increases the risk of arterial sclerosis and heart disease.
There you go.
Oi.
So what's up to you?
No more diet soda.
I'll take it that and no more of those things on it list.
Those disgusting things on it, long list.
Here's Miami Shore.
Is hella.
What list is that?
What list is that from?
I beg your pardon.
Is that any way to get that list or isn't?
To get what list?
The list you just read from.
No.
Okay.
As far as jigs with garlic.
You make a plan.
Ah, okay.
Thank you.
First jigs.
Not to you'll make a man.
You'll make a plan.
Jigs with garlic isn't there.
Okay.
Certainly an improvement from the guy we had last thought.
I don't know if he's going to get a job in a minor league.
Mark and work his way up.
Oh, sorry.
They don't do that anymore.
No, they start at the top and work the way down.
Like Christina.
Right.
Okay.
Now they kicked his ass out of Jersey.
He did the devil's for a couple years.
It was horrible.
I don't know if anybody has the addition.
So the devil's game.
Where they were playing the Bruins last night.
The Bruins were playing pretty good.
In Jersey, I'm going to tell you there were so many thousands of empty seats that I would bet that there were more empty seats than people in the stands in Jersey.
Right.
No matter what it says for attendance, that's the only ticket sold.
There were thousands and thousands.
It's a good team, but it's a Phantom franchise.
There's nobody there.
When they played that on a morning show, that rendition of nobody does it better for Christina when he left those just nauseating.
Talk about an ass sucking fest.
Just nauseating.
Yeah.
And this is one of their own.
And I guess what's he doing now?
Is he on ESPN or something?
Who knows.
I don't know him.
I don't care.
Well, he said he was leaving for a better position, didn't he?
Yeah.
Prone.
Have a great day.
Careful.
I'm a boy, Eric Egypt.
Okay.
See you.
I'm going to go see my good buddy, Shakey Booty.
16,000 open lines.
I see.
I just read those couple of paragraphs.
Now they're all gone.
Now they're all gone.
Who wrote you a mega plan, please?
I'm not telling.
Okay.
But no, I'm not telling to least phone flight up here again.
I'm getting sick and tired of these goddamn bastards, man.
Big, big, big, big, big, big, big.
Come on.
Like a little dog.
Get back on your hind legs and put your paws up in the air and you'll come on.
Big, let's just speak to you.
No.
Come on, big.
Okay.
God.
And you wonder why this town, like there are any of the sports teams, they lose one game
and right away they start.
I'll be dropping off the bad wagons.
We're selling our tickets.
Worth your wooden.
Talk about phony, phony, phony, Farcars, man.
This program is just loaded with them.
26 after 11 and 5, 60 WQF.
Here's a guy named by my son, Singer Gays.
He says the cockles are in slow motion but can't tell this way.
If you don't like me, that's you better.
And you better be better.
And you better be better.
And you better be better.
And you better be better.
Oh, every time somebody sees theirorum gain later.
Gr finalement is like oh, yeaaaaaaah!
This time it's transplant for a...
We get the aumento made in Far Mae.
And this is the best roundest burn show hunt!
Yeah.
Just lick them.
Yeah.
1132 and 560 WQM if you can't join them.
I mean, here's the guy that went on there and then ripped them.
Oh, these guys did it more and they don't know off about the sport.
They don't have any credibility.
And they stick them on there to protect it to be a show for the coach.
And this audience, I'll never forget as long as I live it to year and a half ago.
And most of the people in this audience, the knowledgeable hockey fans that we've got,
you said back like that because it's the sports holes again.
The sports holes.
They're never going to hold anybody's feet to the fire.
Because sports holes and suck holes, I think are like from the same family if you ask me.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I'm probably like your youngest, Collie.
Yes, sir.
10.
15.
15.
Okay.
I was just wondering if you could play true to your show.
Yes, sir.
All right.
Are you Jewish?
Yes, I am.
All right.
Zagazone.
You can have a poem.
When someone saw me, I was up for me down and said he has a lot of conversations.
Oh, I tell him right away now, this man here stood the gate.
Hello, my show.
This time I'm one in the nation.
I'll say it's him, oh, it's her dog.
It's her dog.
It's her dog.
Oh, right.
I'm going to your muse.
I'm going to your muse.
I'm going to your show.
I'm going to your muse.
I'm going to your show.
I'm going to your show.
I knew Bob's Yomokia broider named Gold.
And shear and gold.
I wear it everywhere when I go round the other Hades.
They don't know what to say.
So be through there your show.
I'm going to your show.
Early Hades.
Be through there your show.
I'm going to your show.
I'm going to your show.
Here they are, show.
I'll be tc, up on the saddle.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be staying at my girlfriend's house.
If the choir is now she'd be staying away.
Take B you show.
I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I
'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match,
I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match, I'm not a match
He likes the candles and they're doing Yusk and Alva Yusk and Al Shameira, Bo-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-
Oh, I mean, just so unbelievably ridiculous.
Why do we keep watching? Why do we keep watching the guiding light?
Okay. Here's Boka. Hello.
Hi, this is Nick from Boka. Yes, Nick.
I wanted... I called up to talk about another diet set that's available without Neutral Sweet.
I'm a diabetic who hates to taste the Neutral Sweet. I make a real close study of this.
Great. You'll be able to kill you, by the way, that's pertainment's poison.
I have no idea what... What is it? Whether that's true or not, I just know I hate to taste.
Diet RC Cola has a new sweet in the market called Splendia.
Oh, that's good stuff, but that's good.
And in the Netherlands... I love RC Cola.
And it's not diet right. That still contains Nutri-Sweet, but Diet RC contains Splendia.
That's gonna get in the blue cans, right? If you get in the cans?
I've never bothered in anything. I haven't bought that in a while.
But I do love RC Cola. It makes you feel like a real redneck. I love it.
And you can cook with it. If it's heat stable, I'm like Neutral Sweet, and you can get it at your sponsor.
He doesn't mean the soda, George. George is a little confused. He's talking about that Splendia or Splendida.
I have to come out.
Yeah. Yeah, you boil the RC diet soda, and you cook your pasta.
No, you can buy it. George is confused. He knows that he's a dumb guy.
You can buy it at your sponsor's, what do you like?
What do you like?
Big cell.
Great.
That's all I'm sharing.
Thanks for being that.
Appreciate it. Thanks.
There you go. We got something diet RC Cola. I love RC Cola.
I love Dr. Pecker, too, but that's unfortunately got an aspirated. You don't like Dr. Pecker?
Oh, it's poison.
I love Dr. Pecker.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18T line.
Yeah, that's for you.
And...
And it brings some lice all in the morning.
It's 24.
Oh, too bad. Oh, yeah. You're going to get my germs, okay?
This is before I'm going Amsterdam, not afterwards.
By now, they're gone from the last trip.
877-785-0, 877-785-6345 on a world famous auto town, Fort Myers-Pom Beach, and the rest of the universe line, but the rest of the universe don't care.
Plus, they're not listening. But beside that.
21, by the way, our poll question today is, who's hornier, juicer, Catholics?
No offense, football, sports radio, 560, Q, A, H, A.
Hey, asshole.
It isn't gentlemen. This is leftovers number five.
On Thanksgiving Day, everybody ate the food that was on their plate.
We had turquoise, all the fixed things, grandma said, eat up, cause there's lots more implications.
I had to stop cause there was so stuff. Five plate fools was fighting up.
I had, whacked me, ducked me, turned up and stuffed him, unbuttoned my pants, cause my belly was bustin'
When it was time for me to get out of there, grandma gave me lots of dust for wear, full of gravy potatoes.
I'll be eating all of this until Christmas.
A little bit of stuff, and you take home.
I found a mess of potatoes and a turkey bone.
A little bit of ham on that this far, that I heated up before it's far enough to grab berries all
and find a cheese. Put some little fridge and a mess you freeze.
A little bit of jam and misnye pie.
He can turn his sandwiches till I die.
Left over's number five.
What will I do make a Honda, got a love turkey suit?
My fridge is old, full of that, the door won't shut.
Turquoise, get COVID, out of my butt.
Left over's number five.
Yeah, oh thank you.
Okay, it's 11.45 at 5.60 WQM.
We got Hank in a studio at 2. We got Hank with Bino at 5.
6 o'clock till 7.30 at Turquoise Highline.
The Panthers at San Luis tonight, if they can make a two in a row on the road, they beat Colorado 2 to 1 last night.
They came out there in Denver.
Anybody watch it? See it? No.
Okay, we got two lines left on the board here, and that's it on all requesters.
5.670560, been pretty quiet this week, really, really deadly.
I think we need to bring Robert in just answer the phone.
When Joe was here Monday and Tuesday, we had nothing but phone problems, and it was desperate.
When they threw Friday, Robert was there, and it was just smoking, just unbelievable.
We just need to bring him in here to answer the phone.
They'll speak to him.
They don't want to talk to you or me, because we're both hardasses.
What was the word that I said?
My heart is dirty.
No, you're hard.
You're gonna have a dirty heart.
Oh, the other guy said I was rude.
And rude.
5.670560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line, and 877785 Neal on the Fort Myers line.
And nobody else is using.
8777856345.
It's kind of a tough number, you know what I'm saying?
You ever see any of those tough numbers?
I wonder why it's in punk implantation, I don't know.
I wonder why it's said that.
What was you about?
Three, two, uh-huh.
5.670560, 560 on the AT&T line.
That's very good, pal.
That's very good.
Put it back in your pants.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Regarding your story on the flood.
What is that?
Regarding what?
You were reading a story on the flood?
Yeah.
What is that supposed to prove?
We know that the city...
It proves that there was a flood.
It didn't prove anything about...
It proves that there were bunches, superstitious people living then.
And that it was a hand-me-down tale about something that actually did happen.
But of course it was an act of God because didn't know what the hell was all about.
Right.
We know that the city of Troyex is dead and that there was a war there.
Right.
That means that the bomb...
We didn't know about that.
What the earth to help the Greeks?
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I have a changeless request.
Yes, sir.
I would like to get some head and some shampoo too.
Okay.
Thank you.
Good luck with both.
Hi, Felicia.
Gini, I love your dress and your hair looks so shiny and manageable.
Are you still shampooing with head and shoulders?
Yes, Gik.
I've stopped using head and shoulders a long time ago.
I mean, honestly, who grows hair on their shoulders anyway?
Yeah, right.
So what are you using now?
Well, it's light-head and shoulders only without all those additives.
It's just called head.
Let's tell them about it, girls.
If you're tired of your own hands...
...and feel like you're moving.
Yeah, yeah.
Now, remember, what I said...
...can't help you better if you get some head.
Wow.
Where can I get head?
Lots of places, Gik.
You can stop by my place later and I'll be happy to give you this head.
In 50 minutes, I'll have you shampooed, styles, and blown dry.
G, you don't miss a limb, do you?
Hands down.
It's a bit brief, but is it expensive?
Not at all, Gik.
I'd rather say there are places downtown where you can get head for less than $10.
Golly, that's that price.
Everyone should be getting head.
That's right, Gik.
When you say head, you set a mouthful.
Hi, I'm Dr. Raymond Foulotti.
For trigonal industries, it tells you why you should get head.
First, at lubricate each limb hair follicle, leaving in a wrecked, listening shaft.
Then the scalp's natural oils are sucked out of the root,
leaving your hair soft, shiny, and exhausted.
Nothing does the job like head.
Great.
Can I get head from my hairdresser Bruce?
Probably.
But you might want to try your girlfriend first.
So I'm going to get some head to say, oh yeah.
And then it'll work, goes on a long way.
Yeah, yeah.
You'll look better and you'll feel perished.
Yeah, yeah, and you get head, you're a lucky step.
What hair with lots of volume?
Nothing gets it up like head.
Available at a price you won't find hard to swallow.
And it's going down every day.
Honey, we're out in shampoo.
Can you go out and get some head?
What did you say?
I said I want you to go out and get head.
Oh, thank you, sweet Jesus.
I'm going down down.
And head makes a great holiday gift.
Last Christmas, my wife gave me some head.
Then I gave her a pearl necklace.
I've never seen her so choke down.
My girlfriend used to give me head, and then we got married.
Now I'm lucky if I get Jurgens lotion and a national gift wrap.
You can't feel better than you get some head,
you'll feel better than you get some head.
Oh yeah, oh god.
Head shampoo.
Come on, give it a shot.
My hair looks great.
You the man.
10,000, and 5,60 WM QAN.
So, I joined Sunrise who likes to make Donald,
by the way, as opposed to the obnoxious Lou,
whoever that other guy wasn't called earlier,
who also called him morning show,
we school a crap.
He says, about the God issue,
I went to Catholic school from first grade
to a high school.
Once in third grade, the class was brought into
the church across from the school.
We were spoken to by one of the priests.
He gave us an hour lecture on morality, God, et cetera.
Then he asked if anyone had any questions.
Everyone except for me was too shy to raise their hand.
I asked the priest to make God more to God come from.
Well, after a nasty look to priest said,
God is eternally had no beginning in the end.
He always existed.
That was a bit much for me to understand
because of being nine years old.
So I turned to a friend and whispered something like,
sounds like a bunch of malarkey to me.
Next thing I knew, a nun grabs me from behind
by the hair and drags me outside.
I guess you know the rest.
I got into trouble with my parents as well
because the school called them.
That's right, trouble maker.
I don't blame my parents for trying to do what they felt
was right for me.
I did get a fairly good education from the school I went to.
By the way, two years after I left high school,
listen to this, two years after I left school,
the principal who was a brother,
pastor was caught fondling a few boys in the stairwell.
There's no fact in the church.
Just show us the blow it says.
I don't need a church religion to raise my children properly
and because I can teach them right from wrong.
It's the parents responsibility to teach them right from wrong.
Not a church, not a religion.
Nice going, Joe.
And son rises, got his head on straight.
And a boy, Joe.
Just go in here this Sunday again.
Keep putting your money into play.
All you suckers out there
and subsidizing all those child molesters.
Nice going.
That's what you're doing.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
8, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, 63, 45 on the deadline.
Here's Hylia, hello.
First time to all her.
Yes, sir.
Well, I wanted to talk about basically the food
that you were talking about that's no good.
Yes.
Doesn't it go to show that that Bob Ackins was correct?
Yes.
And I also wanted to find out why you don't want to drink
this diet soda.
I didn't catch that part of the show.
Because Asperer team is very bad for you.
It contains methanol.
And when you put it into your body,
it converts it to a wood alcohol, which is poison.
Gotcha.
Okay.
Right now.
Okay.
No more Asperer team, okay?
You know, we've had pros and cons.
Yes, no, yay in there.
And now when you start reading it
in the third hit of Nutrition Books,
my doctors who know what they're talking about,
that make a lot of sense.
And they're saying that it's poison and don't drink it.
I'm not going to drink it.
In addition to which this slim-jone soda is a hell of a lot.
Now, you don't like it because it's too sweet.
But I like sweet.
Yeah, it's a little bit, although with us to nice.
We had a watered down a little bit.
I don't like watered down, but I do like sweet.
Yeah, and I would be too embarrassing to say
that it's called Foufou Burry Soda this flavor.
They've also got other flavors.
Just say you drink slim-jones.
Because if you say to anybody,
oh, I'm really loving that Foufou Burry Soda,
they'll give you kind of a look, you know.
Here's a mobile in Papano.
Hello.
Mobile in Papano.
Go on.
Here's a Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
OK.
I like a shameless request here.
Yes.
The bit about to be found to the lands.
OK.
Thank you, sir.
See you.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
There were a little on the slow side today.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
You notice no comment.
All right.
It's been a whole week long.
And you want to know why?
Because they can't figure it out.
Right here in our own lifetime,
forgetting about stuff that was told handy down
with no media, no newspapers, no print and press, no God damn
television, no radio.
They've got the actual recorders, the voice recorders.
Monday, you're reading the paper.
They're talking like buddies trying to solve a problem,
the pilot, the co-pilot, playing crash
like enough two weeks ago.
And now it's suicide, murder.
By the shaky abooty Egyptian guy, who never stole a freight
train and his family says he ain't so bad, but never less.
And nobody's got anything to say about that.
And I understand that.
I don't understand why I have nothing to say,
because it is inexplicable.
And it happens within a two or three day period right here
with all our modern technology and communications
and satellite and this and that.
But I'm the one that's full of crap.
That's right.
I'm full of crap because I don't want
to believe all these bubble miceys.
Because I prefer to use my brain,
but a little I have left of it.
Here's a mobile in Miami, hello.
Yeah, yes, sir.
Yeah, I grew up a big ranger fan.
I just liked everything about the island.
There's especially Danny Patman.
The one thing I did like, though,
was listening to the cheek music games on sports channel.
And then since I moved down here,
I've kind of lost interest in hockey.
And recently, I've listened to him on the radio,
and now I'm starting to get back into it.
I thought I was going to say something nice about the guy.
He's a hell of a nice guy.
And the fact that they single him out to rip his ass
every time he makes a bad call.
I mean, so what's the big deal?
So he makes some bad calls.
He's still a million times better than his predecessor.
And like I said, it happens to be a great guy.
I think these morning, guys, man,
there turned out to be a bunch of real turdberg
and stab turd backing stabbers.
Yeah, whatever that means.
He's a good announcer, no doubt about it.
He's heard.
Right.
I'd rather listen to him than Danny Patman,
or look at Danny Patman,
or the way he would be.
I rather croak than the Sydney-Demise Patman again.
All right.
Have a great day.
Let's play that song, Patman Sucks.
Come on, just a little bit.
Just a little bit.
Of course, all these hockey people, they all tend to them.
They start squeezing themselves.
Patman Sucks.
Come on, light spirit.
Where the wife goes?
Close to close, all across Canada.
They know that it's so touching.
On your reindeer fence, come on.
One time, maybe.
Oh, let's go.
All right.
Oh my god.
There you go.
Patman Sucks.
And he does.
He's a dumb frog.
He's an idiot.
There was a segment in a game the other night.
I can't begin to tell you.
It was the game, the Buffalo game.
We left the early, got home, I'm watching,
and I let a brother game.
I was watching.
And he started doing double talk and talking
and stuff into a corner.
I wish till I headed on tape.
It was just inexplicable, unbelievable.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
OK, in the letter you were just reading,
the guy was making fun of the priest,
because the priest said no one made God and God is eternal.
Yeah.
So what would be, do you think that that's silly because it's
saying God is eternal?
Or that's stupid by saying that anything is eternal?
No, there's such a thing as infinity.
We just can't relate to it because we have a limited lifespan.
So it's just, you know, I mean, 100 years, a thousand years
is something we can't even comprehend.
Much less it's infinite.
So if God is infinite, how come the universe couldn't be infinite?
Well, OK, if everything that exists, though, if there's
something that exists, I need to say that something is eternal.
Yeah.
OK, I wasn't sure.
Well, why couldn't that be a matter of the universe?
Why couldn't that be infinite instead of God?
Because instead of somebody creating it,
because if somebody created it, then he had to come from somewhere.
Why would the first day?
That's a great day.
1157 at 560 WQF.
Devos, Sony Sports Showdown.
Are you up to the challenge?
Saturday morning, today, only on Sports Radio 560 QA.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
I was wondering if you did some tummy talk and lip augmentation, cosmetic
breast surgery, face gift, all of these things.
Uh-huh.
And I was wondering.
What was your extra weight?
Well, I need to get everything done.
Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing.
OK, we don't do that.
No.
Could you do breast implants, though?
Uh, I can't be done.
I know how they would do the right way.
The lotion in the basket.
Uh-huh.
How much?
Uh, 5,000.
Excellent.
I'd like to have my skin resurfaced, too.
Uh-huh.
Laser surgery.
Uh-huh.
Have the lamb stop crying yet, mommy?
Excuse me?
Don't hurt mommy's little baby.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV.
OK.
Can you make me look more like a woman?
Well, we'll have to see you first, and then if I'm looking at you, we can tell you
that when we see you.
Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts, mommy?
Uh, if you'd like to.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Would you like to make an appointment?
Yes.
OK.
Um, there is a $100 consultation fee.
That's fine.
OK.
OK.
Um.
OK.
My name is Buffalo Bill.
OK, let me get a little information from you.
OK, just one moment.
Right?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Do you want to come in for a consultation through a-
It might put the lotion in the basket.
Uh, OK.
Would you like to make an appointment?
Do you want to call me a gap?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand.
I got my skin suit and you'll feel like a-
Bill.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand.
That would like you.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Would you like to make an appointment?
It works in the ocean in the basket.
Okay, I will talk to you in the time, okay?
It works in the ocean in the basket.
Hello?
What is a Buffalo bill?
Okay, 12.04 at 5.60 WQM.
So George says, we'll never know,
we'll never know where the matter came from.
Right.
And does it really matter?
5.670560, pound 5.60 on the AT&T wireless line.
All you silly people, all the God people out there.
Oh, and the other reason you don't believe in God.
Okay.
So easy just to be a quizzling, you know?
Just so easy to be a lemming and a quizzling
and just repeat something to somebody else
toward you to repeat.
Just like all these people that mumble
a bunch of things to go to church and show.
They're even saying, you should alve use good dogs
to run guiding light.
Yeah, Puerto Ricans doing the same cottage on guiding light.
He was wearing a schmata though, a nice beanie on it.
It was helpful.
Oh, you mean they couldn't bring him back?
No.
Good.
We had enough of him.
Here's Miami Beach, hello.
Hey, that was a great bet to hear on the phone, Neil.
How you doing?
Great.
Listen, I don't know if anybody's told you there's a couple of things.
On the national news about the K-Darel and Oyes,
the school officials, they voted to ban Jesse Jackson.
Oh, right.
Good.
I think he was asking, Jared.
You know, he did a little publicity stuff
on the stuff, or else they could have just keep him in there.
He did hire a cook at the 19a.
Okay.
And at the bottom, too, it's just about a man was in Massachusetts.
He spanked his young boy with a belt.
Twice a month and he was a minister.
Yeah.
He was innocent.
And one other thing, Bill Gates bought stock with Wayne Heiseng.
How about that, Pierre?
He did one.
Yeah, it's on the Bill Gates did one.
He bought 5.2 percent of the trash company of what?
Don't be 50.
Oh, my God.
Yeah, it's taking it okay.
Listen, have a good vacation.
Thanks a lot, Bill.
Thank you.
Thank you.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Line 9 is dead as a door nail, man.
And it's a bitter disappointment for me to swallow.
877785, Neil, all over the world, all over the universe
and it's sitting there dormant.
I screamed, I hollered, I carried on.
I went to back to this guy at the end crowd.
Do they respond?
No.
No, as usual.
23 years of frustration.
That's gonna be my biography.
23 years of screaming and pleading and begging.
But the good news is George will be here tomorrow
for all your swingers out there.
And next week to pick on all your religious crazy people.
Just to pick you to pieces.
As he shares his incredibly embarrassing knowledge
of all these historical facts, pseudo intellectuals.
Like that.
I got a good point.
See, one of the first books I ever read,
I mean, I'm talking about besides child book,
Kiddie books, was HD Wells outline of history.
And I finished reading the two volumes of HD Wells
rather perverted view of the outline of human history.
And when I finished reading it,
I kind of looked in the mirror and I went,
yes or what?
Who cares?
I mean, reason history that affects my life,
yeah, that I find very interesting.
And some of the ancient history
like the Romans and the Greeks.
Sorry, that's kind of interesting too.
And like I said, Michelangelo, he didn't need no latter.
But nevertheless.
Here's a, I'm wrong line.
Sorry about that.
Here's Pemberpine.
Hello?
Neil?
Yes, sir.
These cheap politicians here in Florida
are always condoning violence by the so-called
exile community.
Yes.
People perceive to be pro-castra with the war or not.
Yes.
Now, suppose the Jews here use violence against Pemberpine.
They like Donald Trump because he don't like Castro.
So that makes him a good guy.
Right.
Well, but now I bet Pemberp can't,
it doesn't like Castro either.
But suppose the Jews here,
I don't think Pemberp can't like anybody.
Pemberp can't like anybody.
So maybe his sister, he's not too crazy.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8.
He won this guy's safe.
Oh, yeah.
And must be related to your accountant, by the way.
Number one is hysterical Jews.
Well, he saw that scene on guiding light
yesterday and put him over the edge.
Porter, we can say, God is he is good,
all of you is good, I'm so good.
You know.
What's the point?
What is the purpose of that?
I know to prayer for the day.
But what it was supposed to do.
It's like Baray Priyagoffin, at least
then you have a good glass of wine.
Yeah.
Pavel Baray Priyagoffin.
But what is all this other mumbo jumbo for?
Why do we do that?
Is that given the, OK, we're done with the prayer now.
Let's eat.
Is that what it's all about?
OK, just thought I'm sure.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on 18, T line, and line 9.
We're yanking it out.
I come back from vacation that line will be gone.
Needless expense.
Hey, George, did George get his bonus in his paycheck,
by the way?
No.
No.
And you don't have something money.
All that money, the construction people of Scotty Mack.
How do you expect to get your bonus?
What do you think Scotty Mack has to say about being
known all that much?
One or two threads.
One or two threads.
I'm counting on the bottom of the line.
Yuvia.
One or two threads.
One or two.
One or two threads.
I'm counting on the bottom.
Y me gusta.
Yeah.
Y me gusta.
That's what he got.
He got goose.
Yeah, one or two threads.
That's what he got.
Trace dollar.
That's what he got from this outfit.
Scotty Mack.
Those are the days, weren't they?
No.
When he got on a plane with that Bob Lincoln thing,
and they made a bunch of assholes out of themselves.
Him and his gun from his bucket there
to hold a little crowd of misfits.
Those are the days, baby.
Let's have another trip to Vegas with Bob Lincoln.
What do you say?
Oh, nine minutes after noon in 560 WQM.
The sports leader.
We have no leader.
Book radio 560 Q.A.M.
Neil God.
Blue and blue and blue.
You think black and early gun was so great?
A big black mouth with special ears
and talk between your eyes.
Blue and blue.
You don't think black man ain't a jack with his own.
And then dollar borrowers thought anybody
is his child's pulsing charm.
That's what you feel, right?
What's wrong with your ass and sky?
What's bad and sky?
No.
I'm a big boy, I'm a guy.
He's got nothing to fail, right?
Yeah.
What?
Blue and blue.
You be the big job bank tonight.
I smack your hand and bruise up your body
the way you like.
Blue and blue.
You get my boat go long and strong, yes?
Get charity money to hojah and go there with its mouth.
Right.
You've got it, you wife.
You just be my son.
Besides a big reason, you go have a good life.
You got it big with all you guys.
From 15 to 560 W.D.
who am hangs in the building with a big smile on his face.
He must have cashed on something.
He really likes that song.
Oh, he said that's number one with two bullets.
All right.
It's gigantic.
It's revolutionary all over the building.
Anyway, here's the fact that this is Neil, by the way,
I'm embarrassed to admit this, but you've been right all along.
All Cuban men do love cock fights.
560, 560, 0560 on the AT&T line.
What are we going to do with this town, Hank?
What are we going to do here?
They all have anything loose as one game.
I've never seen anything like it.
They're all off the bandwagon.
I'm always going to come in there.
I'm going to have to figure out how this works again.
This is the only studio in America where they guess to that.
What does it smell like a tie and belt?
It is.
You know, I have some cheese.
Cut the cheese.
You know what it is?
I walked into the Jimmy's radio show today.
You know, he loses your show.
He loses the eye show?
Yeah.
He's an asshole.
Oh my God.
He likes your show.
He does.
Oh no.
Get out of here.
I'm not kidding.
I always liked that Jimmy.
He's my favorite.
But anyway, I...
He's something about the hair.
I went in and I said to him...
He listens to this show?
Yeah.
He said to me that to me once.
And he said that to me.
That kind of funny.
Oh.
It's only a joke, Jimmy.
Yeah.
So, anyway.
I go in and I give him a quote from Carver, the character, you know, the Rupert Murdock character
in the James Bond movie, where he says that...
I can manipulate the media to take over the world.
And I gave him that quote.
And he said, I must have seen that movie.
Never know.
That's what it's all about.
What is that?
Sure.
He did a little with the media.
Oh, he did a little with his team too.
Just like he did with that business with the Wants that...
I don't want to force you to get into that.
Which thing?
The thing with Wayne and with his...
That phony resigning that thing.
All of that would Dave Wants to.
Oh, that.
Yeah.
There's a story behind that.
I don't want to get you caught in the middle of it.
I wouldn't get caught.
It's just saying.
It's a story that just evaded everybody.
Well, I would have...
I was in here.
I was in Las Vegas that day.
I remember very well.
And thanks for calling.
That's right.
You called me out of here.
We broke the story.
We got to channel seven coming on saying they broke this story.
Yeah.
But anyway, what happened with that was...
Wayne would give Jimmy whatever he wants.
Yeah.
Yeah.
He will.
That's the one team that he cares about, that he owns.
And Jimmy's got his confidence.
So you're going to give me back on Barry again.
Just when he was...
No, I don't want to do that.
No, no.
No, I understand.
But yesterday in the Herald, in the business section, they had an
a story not written by him, but written by somebody else about...
They've hired a firm to help them sell the team now.
They're actively looking at it.
Even though there were no buyers.
Yeah, the bear's turn.
Yeah.
Or exactly.
And it said...
One source told the Herald that the asking price on the 35 minutes
is if by putting it in the business section, it was like saying, well, Barry's not completely
crazy even though they got him in a rubber room and he's got a straight jacket on.
No, what was the upshot of that after it all finished?
Did he ever...
Did he stop calling?
Yeah.
Finally.
And...
And we'd ever heard anything about it?
I don't think he's going to be calling anymore.
Yeah.
Oh, and then I would...
Let's put it this way now.
When you told the story almost drove off the road about he and the guy from the
Herald, his boss, went to Greg Reed's house.
Yeah.
To beg us to lay off?
Let's put it this way now.
Yesterday I took care of all the family business.
All right, there we go.
All right.
Great.
That's excellent.
Anyway, yeah, that's right.
They came over there.
Good thing Barry don't wear glasses.
I saw that.
Oh.
Came like Mowgreen.
Yeah.
And it's...
Ooh.
That's fast there.
Drive by.
Yeah.
That's the best line.
That was the line of the century.
The only person in history whose mother had a drive and to do a drive by.
I kind of spread that line around Buffalo.
Yeah.
I got a lot of laugh.
Of course I gave attributions.
So Jimmy listens to this show.
I'm going to squeeze myself a couple of times on my way to Amsterdam.
Oh, and you leave tonight.
Ah.
Bon voyage.
Have a good trip.
Thanks.
I mean, Alan, you need to go on.
We can have.
Not long enough.
Let me ask you something.
You know, the ISD end that when you go out and do your shows like in Vegas.
Yeah.
Is that an expensive thing to do your show from Amsterdam?
Yeah.
Well, I'm going to stay there and just stay there.
I'm going to stay there anyway eventually.
So why did I not do it now?
It doesn't cost anything in Las Vegas because the strategy or just.
I had that studio built for them for ESPN needed a place for guys to do shows from out there.
Yeah.
And so a friend of mine from ESPN went out there and built that studio for them.
So whenever I go out there, we can use it.
Because when you do the show from there, it sounds better than when you do it from here.
Because I probably the equipment actually works.
Of course.
It's a better studio.
No question about it.
First of all, the studio sits there and you have that view.
It's on top of the.
In the status.
In the status.
In the status.
In the variance firing.
I mean, you can do all the points.
The studio isn't one of the brown cafes in Amsterdam.
And you could smell the aroma right over the air right.
Yeah.
5,000 miles away.
It's not a bad thing to do.
I can set you up out there.
Okay.
I know about Amsterdam.
I think Elgolf think in 70.
Oh, yeah.
Would the studio.
Yeah, I'll build a studio in his apartment.
Sounds good to me.
Okay.
You'll never be back.
Yeah.
The nice dough on you.
Say hi to Jimmy.
Okay.
How do you like that?
Jimmy, listen to the show.
He's an asshole.
Oh, wow.
Love that, Jimmy.
He's always been my favorite.
5,670560.
What do you think?
That sounds good to me.
Maybe just won't come back from this trip.
The show isn't going anywhere, but I'm just not coming back.
We'll just do it over the phone.
Sounds excellent.
Here's a mobile in-deer field beach.
Hello?
Mobile in-deer field?
Oh, God.
These people.
These people.
Here's a mobile in-deer field.
Hello?
Is it me?
Yes, sir.
Sounds like you.
Yeah, how are you doing today?
Pretty good.
Good.
Listen, I brought your CD up and saw that.
Thank you.
Yes, sir.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Yeah, the bad bad, too.
Can we take a look back to any spec and get the exchange?
Yes.
Okay.
Okay.
I mean, Carol would tell you to take it back where you bought it and exchange it.
If they don't exchange it for you, tell them I'm going to send look a brought to you over.
Okay.
We'll do.
I'll give you the chance to go.
Yes, sir.
It's all request Thursday.
Good.
First period, Brenda.
What is it?
First period, Brenda.
First period, Brenda.
Yeah, I didn't want it before.
I didn't want it since.
Okay.
I'll work on it.
Okay.
I'll see if we can come under this back.
Okay.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60, 0, 50, 180, and T where I was born.
Jimmy Johnson loves this show.
He's an ass.
Well, Jimmy.
I'll see.
I admire guys like that who have got a sense of humor, even though I still haven't changed my opinion.
I'm not a sock up, but nevertheless.
That's tremendous.
Nice going, Jimmy.
See, maybe he doesn't take himself that seriously.
Pat Riley loves this show.
Pat Riley's obsessed with this show.
Brian Maribos into this show.
He thinks it's great.
That's what he said.
I don't know about TM.
I don't think TM knows where to find us on a dial.
TM is probably too busy doing a first BN.
How long they're off?
Look at what a great start this, TM is off to it and not even playing good.
That's the most amazing part.
Look in your standing, their boys and girls.
TM is off to a tremendous start and not even playing good yet.
Not to say it for real, but Jesus, what a great start.
Nice going, air boys.
Nice going, Rob B.
Rob B.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Go on.
Okay.
Here's four Myers.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hello.
Today.
Love you.
Love you.
Thank you.
You are the best of the best.
I think that ever happens in sliced bread, right?
Yeah, I'll tell you right now.
They call it the city of palms over here.
It's a palm, palm this.
This place is the home of the dead.
I swear to God.
Yeah.
It's terrible.
You're 100% right about this thing.
By the way, I do have a shameless request.
Yeah.
Mammu number two.
Wonderful.
Movement number two.
Yes.
You got it.
Thanks very much.
Say, how do the beesleys for me, by the way?
Oh, yeah.
Don't you want to talk to the Godday bonus and Scottie Mack wants to get paid too.
Oh, yeah.
Thanks.
How you doing, Scottie Mack?
Well, no, no stress.
Yeah, okay.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line, that line 9.
That's the four Myers line.
Palm Beach, do they use it?
No.
No.
World had up in Palm Beach.
But four Myers is not about to get a new play toy over there.
And to be honest, we have a number of calls we're getting from over in four Myers is pretty
got an impressive percentage wise.
If we had as many people call from Dayton Broward, is we have from four Myers compared to
a number of people listening.
We need 2000 lines.
You only have to wait 10 or 12 days to get on the air, but nevertheless, nice going there for Myers.
God bless you guys.
See, these people here, they're spoiled.
They've had it for too long.
They've had a good for two-guy day in long.
Here's Coral Gables.
Hello.
Coral Gables.
Go on.
Okay.
I mean, Hank doesn't bite, you know, just because he was in here for like three minutes doesn't
mean everybody had to hang up.
Here's Poppano.
Hello.
Jesus, you lost everybody there.
Evidently, yeah.
Listen, I want you to enjoy your vacation.
That's one thing I called about.
It sounds like stumpy.
Yeah, it's an ex-clarter, but I do have a request.
Is this Stumpy Jr.?
No, it's me.
What are the other guys I just want to hear that I forgot to write down?
What do you want to hear?
I want to hear something similar.
Yeah.
Which is the Rambo number five.
I just love the line.
I think it sounds good.
It'll feel a little while.
I've got to get a loan from a pop-up creed.
I love it.
Okay.
Okay, Neil.
Have a good trip.
I'm going to spend it a lot more.
I love you.
And thanks.
Okay, that's Stumpy Jr.
By the way.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T world.
Where's all the women out there today?
That's what the problem is.
Do you believe that?
No.
No.
Just another one of these dead periods.
You can just run up against the brick wall every now and then.
We had that week and a half.
Then like I said, when Robert was on a phone with the view Friday,
all nine lines were smoking for three solid days.
What do you think that was?
Maybe they like Robert.
Maybe all the Jews talk when Robert is, huh?
They knew he's a Jew.
He's around here somewhere.
We can get him out.
No, no, no, no.
No, he was, he actually did a good job.
And just because he got red in the face, I would sit down and say hello.
And he'd be laughing and puking.
And yeah.
Maybe he's not kosher anymore.
Maybe he had a cheeseburger, finally.
I hope not.
Oh, that'll kill you, too, by the way.
No, that's okay.
Just don't eat the bread.
You people out there drinking your diet sodas right now to middle the show.
Let me say it again.
Stop.
Stop.
I'm begging you.
I'm trying to save your life.
Stop doing it.
Stop killing yourselves, please.
Will you do it?
Huh?
No.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hi.
Good afternoon, Nia.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
I have a comment and I'll hang up a little bit of your comment on this.
Okay.
I was looking through the internet this morning about the eagithair crash.
Right.
There's an English speaking Egyptian newspaper called Kyral Times.
And the slant from the fundamentalist side of this is two.
One that the plane was actually shot down by the US Air Force to kill the Egyptians on the plane.
Hmm.
And secondly, which is my personal favorite.
Not the appearance, though, yeah.
Right.
The second which is my personal favorite is that the black boxes were found several days ago, brought up, changed, thrown back into the ocean.
Mm-hmm.
And then found again, right.
This is KyralTimes.com, fascinating little publications that read online.
Excellent.
What is it again?
Give me the website.
KyralTimes together.
KyralTimes.com.
T-I-M-E-S.
KyralTimes.com.
Got it.
Thanks.
There you go.
It's another one of those American ski conspiracies.
That's what they're saying over there.
I mean, why didn't they just fast up?
You had a crazy Arab.
Is that unusual?
No.
A crazy Arab.
When you get out, you hear what Edrickey Martin.
She's going to float away any sexual that posed.
Yeah.
The one where she's got her leg spread, lined up face down.
Look, they finally labeled her correctly.
Oh, it's a lot of seen in magazine.
I think I was right.
The Cubans all in.
Even the Puerto Ricans love those cut fights.
26th pass note at 560 WQM.
The Neil Roger Show.
Sports radio.
560.
QA.
If you blow too much, you're in trouble.
Here.
Here.
Here.
Here.
Come back tight.
I'll Meng Chancellor.
I'll sing when I go to.
I go to Membo movement number two.
I'll answer toilet-seek nights,lever sw.
Do the Membo beats.
The radio plays.
Showing out alone, I can't help but lose because who I think.
I got to screw lose because in a minute say search all i need.
Can I take my eye to nike ten?"
I don't have the push-line in control when I move inside the side of the toilet bowl.
I never have to pray it comes out whole and looks a little like that to zero.
I just wait to the left and wait to the right for the reason she cannot tell you why.
Not only are you burning calories but you never ever get a big red ring.
That's why we track guides only can't use the exercise and not fun when they lift up our bowl moving up or two.
Hey, look at me, Alan! I'm doing the mapping!
Hey, Ralph, come on, do it!
There was a wheel in here! Get up and stop it!
Get up, get up, get up!
I'll tell you, I'll tell you, I'll tell you!
Absolutely. Ladies and gentlemen, this is Rambo Ported by...
Oh, you.
John, Rambo's still alive. I want to make movies for inside.
My life had gone great when Hollywood broke. Unfortunately, I speak like I had a stroke.
First blood came in 82. That's when I heard my penis and it never ever grew.
Rambo 2 was in 85 late. Rambo 3 was in 88.
She was in 88. And she was in 88.
My god, I did not make this movie with my son.
He never said she was in 85 in daylight, the tunnel movie.
A little bit of cash is what I mean. I gotta get along from the power of greed.
I gotta have a lot of work in movie or Broadway show like Jenna G.
I guess nobody ever saw a cop with him. It was still good. I guess I understand.
My whole life is about to cave in. All I got left is Jennifer Flayvin.
Ladies and gentlemen, I need to make Rambo 4 and 5.
Check it out. So call me up. I really need a script I can do dialogue or keep it zipped.
I like comedy. Action. Adventure and drama.
I like comedy. I like comedy. I like comedy. I like comedy.
I like comedy. I like comedy. I like comedy. I like comedy.
I like comedy. I like comedy. I like comedy. I like comedy.
My whole life is about to cave in. All I got left is Jennifer Flayvin.
That's why ladies and gentlemen, I need to make Rambo 4 and 5.
And then I'll give it absolutely.
Call 34-560 WQM. Here's a call from Mexico from Tamalipas.
Yes. How you doing, sir? How you doing, Neil?
Buenos dias. Buenos dias.
How you doing, sir?
I'm fine. How you doing?
I'm fine. How you doing?
I love you, Neil. I'm listening to you on the internet.
Really? Yeah. Thank you.
Now, where is Tamalipas?
You know where my Calvin Texas is?
No. Like just the border to cross the border?
Just across the border.
Just across the border.
Some of the words you sneak back in and across the back and forth, illegally?
Smuggles and drugs across the border.
We're tired of that Colombian stuff. It's getting really stale.
I think I've got a brain out of Florida.
Let me see. We're down here?
I guess.
We're about.
Four lot of days.
Thank God you got out of there. It's getting older by the minute.
Right. What I just called to say I love you, show Neil.
Excellent. Spread the word, pal.
I'll stick him your heat.
OK, there you go. Call from Mexico.
How do you like that? See what I get out of here?
This is the only thing they miss. They miss.
Damn, God.
So what do you think about my doing a show from Amsterdam?
Of course I wouldn't see you anymore. There's another good reason to do it.
I mean, seriously.
Wouldn't that be great?
And then every day you come in and like, oh, it is Neil.
We hear him. We hear him.
Somebody's smoking in the background. Somebody's puffing on something.
So anyway, we got a nice card here.
I got it. You know, I got 16 birthday cards this year.
All time record.
Wow. I mean, you know, it doesn't sound like a lot.
I'm talking about here at work. I'm not talking about her home.
Our good friend, Terry.
If you blow too much, you're in trouble.
Griffin, that's her.
Send me a beautiful card with a beautiful thing on a front page.
Says, hope it was happy. Miss you and George so much.
Love your pal, Terry.
Griffin, and she's got all these old pictures from the IOD days.
Our old buddy, Adam's in there.
Who along with his girlfriend is fiancee?
Don't have time to care anymore, but nevertheless.
They cared enough to come by at specs, which was nice.
And who else is in there? Fillers in there? Fill Henry.
Are you sure he's in there?
You're not even on tape. He's in there like life.
Little Andy Cald.
Little Andy Calbs in there?
Remember little Andy Cald?
Yeah, that was him.
Suds and wife.
Suds and wife, Pam.
Cheryl.
Did you say Cheryl?
Cheryl Riftkin. Cheryl's in there.
How you doing, Cheryl?
I spoke to Cheryl the other day. I mentioned that.
She said, you know, she was a...
She had a bad time in Italy because she was with people at the sluppers.
But anyway, yes.
Who else is in there? That's it?
D. Alpo's wife.
Oh, yeah. D.
The real salesperson in that family, right?
D. What was her girassil?
Lane Rees.
How come his name was Rick Alperin, but her name was D. Gerrassil?
Even though they were married.
Oh, she's probably so embarrassed.
I was going to say it.
Here's a mobile in Pompano. Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Third time trying to call you today.
I was on before and with another call and I lost that story.
That's okay.
Don't be sorry.
I was passing a church this morning and they have a big bulletin board in the front
with a saying in the front.
I thought you had to hear this from a church.
This is an in Pompano on Federal Highway.
Truth does not need a defender, only an investigator.
This is on the church.
Yeah, well, we're investigating right now.
In fact, I think the church probably needs to be investigated.
Is that unbelievable?
I think the plane is the only thing.
You know, we need Jack Webb.
Unbelievable.
We'll be over there for a match tonight.
Did you read in the paper yesterday in the sunset moment
that the doctor was on the plane?
Yes, I did.
I was on the plane.
Yes, I did.
You know, the drug addicts.
No.
Alexander Hague of all people is behind this.
There's home drugs for children.
Yeah.
So now parents can test their children for drugs.
Yeah, the Abe of Brown drug testing.
Home drug testing kit.
It's incredible.
It's like a...
Just remember, he is in charge.
Just keep that in mind, sir.
He is in charge here.
And you will take the test whether you want to or not.
This is a scary situation.
You have to be careful now where you pee.
Because your kids are going to be taken...
I'm on my way to Amsterdam.
You can pee on a street if you want.
They don't get upset.
They're like, I really love it.
What time of day would it be for you to do your show in Amsterdam?
Four to eight in the afternoon.
Perfect.
Four in the afternoon.
Sounds pretty good to me.
Don't the Europeans sublate?
Don't you?
Yeah, sure.
No problem.
So you have your FNO CSB coming nice and fresh.
It sounds good to me.
Sounds excellent.
All right.
We'll have a very safe trip.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Starting in December, by the way, Neil from Amsterdam.
Then we'll get about an 80's year.
I'm Tonya.
We'll have Alan in the background making all kinds of sounds.
I'll kind of cost him time.
Yeah, like that.
I'm a fat Jew.
Well, that we know.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, keep 5, 5, 6, 10, 5, 6, 10.
You got some nerve being an Amsterdam one on there, by the way, El.
See, he gives us the key to the apartment, then he's going to be there.
It's not that we don't want to see you.
We knew Japanese girlfriend, but we don't want to see you.
Clear out.
When in doubt, El, clear out.
Don't take it personal, but we need to use it.
I don't know for what?
Twenty-four-one at 5, 60, WQF.
I hate the Irish.
Starling partners coming up here.
Start.
We don't need Jamaica in the care of the bean.
They got the best of her that you ever seen.
All right.
Ask anybody in that table of wood.
They tell you this country where they're going to be food.
Perhaps the man has some he wants to sell.
And from a mile away, you can detect the smell of smoke.
I like it.
Smoke guns are smoke, smoke.
He light up the spliffs and smoke.
Smoke guns are smoke, smoke.
Look it and stick it.
Smoke guns are smoke, smoke.
I like it.
The guns are be good.
You can carry lots of herb in the gun.
Smoke it every day until your lungs turn like.
With all the money that we have made.
Jamaica doesn't need any foreign aid.
A man again, who is coming here and saying.
Got nothing like this in the US.
Right, they smoke.
Yeah, no.
Smoke guns are smoke, smoke.
They light up the spliffs and smoke.
David into puff and choke.
Smoke guns are smoke, smoke.
The guns are be good.
I'm not nervous on you, I'll arrest the man.
You like to smoke, the guy is sick whenever you can.
Okay.
Then they keep coming here for miles around.
To bite the earth through you by the ounce of deep ground.
Rats come on, they say to her, mom are you right?
They can't be good tonight.
And then they smoke.
Smoke guns are smoke, smoke.
They light up the spliffs and smoke.
Smoke guns are smoke, smoke.
Smoke guns are smoke, smoke.
They can't be good.
All right.
Come on.
1246 to 5 o'clock.
Come to the QAM and this is from the new Playboy magazine, by the way.
Playboy.
Oh my god.
I can't all be from Parade Magazine.
Anyway, it's the General's Loophole by Peter McWilliams.
Drums are cripples refur tests.
Ow!
In his most recent round of unintended self-immolation, drugs are very McCaffrey effectively nullified,
drug testing for marijuana users nationwide.
Are you familiar with this?
In a move that he hoped would bring the medical marijuana movement to its knees, the retired
General instead gave Potsmokers legal card flash to fail every year in test they take.
How do you like that?
All right.
Here's how it happened.
This past July, the Drug Enforcement Administration, the DEA, with or not from the FDA, reclassified
the prescription drug Marinal, which is synthetic THC, the most psychoactive of marijuana's
many cannabinoids.
Marinal was removed from schedule two, the most restrictive category of drugs available by prescription,
the schedule three.
The change makes it much easier for doctors to distribute the drug, notably, that they can
out-phone or fax prescription suformacies and provide for as many as five automatic
repills every six months.
They also won't have the DEA looking over their shoulder reach, then they write a prescription
for Marinal.
McCaffrey, director of White House Office of National Drug Control Policy, used to be
classification to again attack the idea of marijuana as medicine, calling Marinal the only
safe and proper way to make THC available to the public.
This action will make Marinal, which is scientifically proven to be safe and effective for medical
use, more widely available, he said.
McCaffrey said, implied that marijuana itself is not safe or effective, despite much evidence
to the contrary.
Experts estimate, at least, that the potential for Marinal is to treat chronic pain, it's
enormous.
Experts estimate, at least, 75 million Americans suffer from chronic debilitating pain.
This includes pain caused by cancer, arthritis, migraine headaches, and severe back injuries,
and just imaginary pain.
75 million.
That means nearly half the adult population of the U.S. is properly and legally entitled to
Marinal, and by extension, free from the burden of passion, clean urine.
There is no legally recognized test that distinguishes between the synthetic THC of Marinal and the
natural THC of marijuana.
Once the test, he obtained the prescription from Marinal and shows it to the drug testing authorities,
THC levels in urine, hair, saliva, and sweat no longer indicate a failed drug test.
The test comes up dirty, but the prescription washes it clean.
It's like washing your sins away.
Employers aren't able to say you can't use Marinal if you work here because it is illegal
and now widely prescribed drug.
Marinal would come and become as big as Viagra.
Marinal is a great high too, it says rather like eating hash brownies, don't even think about
driving on it.
Marinal's make or suggest you take your first dose only in the presence of a responsible
adult.
You know what we're talking about?
So when it's cool attempt to keep an anti-medicine from modern sufferers, contrary Barry has
created the loophole that allows all users to use the drugged choice and keep their jobs
and bizarre this buds for you.
From Playboy Magazine, let's hear it.
It's called Barry, rhymes with scary.
Oh my God, look at this.
I thought he gave me up after I mentioned online health at 15 and a half.
How you doing Ted?
There was an ugly rumor around that it was being spread by friends of my mother that you
were mentioning me on the air.
Well I was wondering if you just turned your back down as the market is soaring and going
to New Heights and you finally hit on something good and you turned your back on your old
friends or what?
Fair market friend.
Yeah, your right hand.
Fair market friend, right?
In 1989 83.
We're looking for a safe haven now.
Are you?
No, no.
I just took all my stuff and gave it to somebody who's supposed to know what he's doing.
Oh, he's left down I think.
You got a blind trust?
Yeah, it's something like that.
I think it's Steve E. I wonder if somebody likes it.
Hey, you know, I saw Joe Kerrin seven o'clock this morning.
You got this thing with him, huh?
No, I don't have anything for Joe.
I mean, without you know, he's a good guy.
But seriously, he was on her seven o'clock this morning.
He's on longer, longer hours.
I already asked you to do me a cup there.
He was living that joint.
And with after hours trading, extended hours trading.
Right.
If you get worse and worse.
Yeah, don't tell me that you guys aren't making a fortune there.
Come on.
I guarantee you're making more than I am.
I guarantee it.
Really?
Oh, yeah.
Without a doubt.
But why?
You guys are in the inside of all this bogus information.
Let me get on your camera.
I'm going to allow the trade to bogus information.
You're not?
Why not?
We're very carefully restricted in terms of what we can do.
We're allowed to buy into the GE401K.
If we do any trade on that.
100 points.
Now is that up 36.
The standard and poor four and a half is everything keeps going up.
Yeah.
What GE is down today actually.
Down two and seven eighths right now.
To what?
130 or something?
138.
5.
138.
I sold GE at 91.
A little pullback.
A little money coming off the table.
So, GE at 91.
Well, we are $47 higher and you're sitting here.
You're crying that it's on the TV.
I handed it to 72.
I got.
What did I do?
I sold it at 72.
I bought it at 72.
I got to bought yours.
I had to get it.
I had to go back in like short covering at 83 and I refused to sell now.
I bought your 10 shares.
That was it.
That's 72.
Look at I made a killing.
Made a few grand.
Hey listen, I got to tell you.
You know this guy, what's his name?
A Berk Nellum?
No.
He writes some kind of a radio thing about all you got.
Anyway, he's been sending me video tapes.
I've been watching your old, uh, what was it from Wemmy?
Oh, now, oh, now you have, no wonder you haven't called.
Jesus Christ, that would chase anybody away.
No.
How do you like the production value on that thing, huh?
Oh, I'm sure you like the schmattas I was wearing.
That's exactly.
There was the chicken hat and the payas and that.
Oh, it was great stuff.
It was lovely.
I never looked better in my life.
So are you going to be doing that again?
Anything?
I hope so.
I hope not.
My ratings have been soaring up since I got off that damn thing.
They have.
I've been doing really great since I got them.
Yeah, the kids I got to actually be able to see you push the buttons and activate all
the way and all the other things.
Oh, there you go.
You know what we need to do?
I bet your Ted would love to have one of these key chains.
I would.
Wait.
Oh, right.
That's the label.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Right in the middle of, we can be having a little difficulty in the market.
I'm going to get some day, get a little bit of a scared of market stock drop and you could
play.
Oh, right there.
That would be great.
Absolutely.
As we see the panic spread, is there some place that George can tell you what of these?
You can give them your address.
Absolutely.
Excellent.
Take care of yourself and tell Joe to get some sleep.
I will do that and I'm coming down in next month.
So hopefully I can come visit and watch the circus in person.
Please do and bring some good tips for us.
Okay.
I'm going to ask you a question.
I'm going to ask you a question.
I'm going to ask you a question.
I'm going to ask you a question.
I'm going to ask you a question.
I'm going to ask you a question.
I'm going to ask you a question.
I'm going to ask you a question.
I'm going to ask you a question.
I'm going to ask you a question.
I'm going to ask you a question.
I'm going to ask you a question.
I'm going to ask you a question.
I'm going to ask you a question.
I'm going to ask you a question.
I'm going to ask you a question.
I'm going to ask you a question.
I'm going to ask you a question.
I'm going to ask you a question.
I'm going to ask you a question.
I'm going to ask you a question.
I'm going to ask you a question.
I'm going to ask you a question.
I'm going to ask you a question.
I'm going to ask you a question.
I'm going to ask you a question.
I'm going to ask you a question.
I'm going to ask you a question.
I'm going to ask you a question.
I'm going to ask you a question.
I'm going to ask you a question.
I'm going to ask you a question.
I'm going to ask you a question.
I'm going to ask you a question.
I'm going to ask you a question.
I'm going to ask you a question.
I'm going to ask you a question.
I'm going to ask you a question.
I'm going to ask you a question.
I'm going to ask you a question.
I'm going to ask you a question.
I'm going to ask you a question.
I'm going to ask you a question.
I'm going to ask you a question.
I'm going to ask you a question.
I'm going to ask you a question.
I'm going to ask you a question.
I switched my B.P. in my legs.
I said, I like to dance around his waist.
I like to dance around his waist.
I like to dance around his waist.
I like to dance around his waist.
I like to dance around his waist.
I like to dance around his waist.
I like to dance around his waist.
I like to dance around his waist.
I like to dance around his waist.
I like to dance around his waist.
I like to dance around his waist.
I like to dance around his waist.
I like to dance around his waist.
I like to dance around his waist.
I like to dance around his waist.
I like to dance around his waist.
That's why I did this all requesting once in a while.
That's why I did this all requesting once in a while.
That's why I did this all requesting once in a while.
I did this all requesting once in a while.
I did this all requesting once in a while.
I did this all requesting once in a while.
I did this all requesting once in a while.
I did this all requesting once in a while.
I did this all requesting once in a while.
I did this all requesting once in a while.
I did this all requesting once in a while.
I did this all requesting once in a while.
I did this all requesting once in a while.
I did this all requesting once in a while.
I did this all requesting once in a while.
I did this all requesting once in a while.
I did this all requesting once in a while.
I did this all requesting once in a while.
I did this all requesting once in a while.
I did this all requesting once in a while.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Wake up with the first team.
Who would be lucky-
 the cheat allowance.
Who would be lucky-
 the cheat allowance.
I've been looking for six 587
...
...
And I'm looking for kor easy anywhere.
I'm looking for qu leisten.
I got a quken phrase of Qu dan.
Yongwipu actor Duoumeye.
Are the inside people keeping track?
No.
Are they paying any attention?
No.
Are they getting this phone to?
No.
It would be nice when I come back from vacation to have a phone that works.
Is that going to happen?
No.
No.
Probably when I come back to the Align Idol be gone.
They probably have the first bill.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Is your good cause personal buddy, Dippeters?
All right.
I just called.
I just want to tell you I have a good safe flight.
Thank you.
You're going to make a case?
No, Arab pilots on this flight, by the way.
Ha ha.
They're waiting up guys.
Yes, sir.
I just want to bring you up the date.
Remember a couple weeks ago I called you and I've threatened that Bell South, Communion
destroyed my property out there in Cumbria 5.
Right.
Just want to bring you up the date they haven't done nothing yet.
Uh huh.
They're still remains the same.
A barbecue, bro.
Well, it's just like our phone here that we're trying to get the working again.
You know, same thing.
We only been in here for nine months.
Chip of both Bell South.
Yes, sir.
Rip them an ass.
Okay.
Team was requested.
Yes, sir.
You got it.
The one with a husband caused a wife tells me he has to fly her to Guy.
Okay.
Got the secretary on the desk.
You got it, pal.
Back in here.
Enjoy your vacation.
And good luck here.
I do like that Bell South.
Good guys that work for Bell South.
Some of them that came by Saturday.
It's fixed down there in the Gables.
How about those U of M students by the way?
Ha ha ha ha.
Oh, we had a U of M student call yesterday.
I went home and wrote in my diary.
It was a pretty good guy.
And we had another guy that said he either was on campus or drove by who took one course
there and he's embarrassed about it and he's transferred someplace else, something like
that.
And that's pretty much the kind of place that it is.
You know, the student that you've heard a drive by shootings.
These are drive by students.
They drive by the campus.
They throw a textbook out the window and then they go back home.
They get to a lot of their as fast as possible.
That's the U of M.
Yeah, but that football team.
What are we going to do?
What are we going to do?
That's four games.
What are we going to end?
And why don't we go to do?
What are we going to do?
Don't you feel sorry for people who have, I mean, not even a scraping of a life.
Not just no life, but not even like assembling.
It's not like a little, not a shred of a life.
And we have so many of them here.
Here's Hi, Alia.
Hello.
Neil, now that the Martians have landed.
Yes.
Want to ask you something.
Martians have landed on Uranus.
Yeah.
Who would honestly think that Chris Moore is better than anybody who they can put on
that to do the hockey game?
Only somebody who's a moron.
Oh, tell me about it.
Yeah, absolute moron.
And I'm telling you, that guy that called a morning show and then me again,
it's Rip and Jigs.
This guy is that Lou, who used to call on a post game show,
who used to suck up to Chris, because you know that there's a high percentage of the callers.
All they do is call to suck up.
So because Chris Moore talked to him,
now therefore Chris was pretty good in Jigs is a bad guy, you know.
So Jigs made a couple of week calls, big deal.
Like at least he made some call.
He wasn't sitting there doing sit down comedy picking his nose.
He's made Chris Moore suck.
Oh, exactly.
We're going to mention Neil.
So Jimmy.
Okay, I got a shameless request.
Yes, sir.
Negro name Ben.
Okay.
Thank you.
Negro name.
Oh, and you know something.
And thanks again to West South Alcone for bringing us a little snack today,
which is better than eating a big meal, you know.
Before we get on a plane, you don't want to do that.
But we were going to have Macaroni grilled it in and they had a little problem.
Somebody was in sick or something like that and they couldn't bring the food.
They which I'm sure they will after vacation, but nevertheless.
So we missed some big black guy getting up on the table and they're
in singing the song for us today, God, Dan.
I love their food.
I love the macaroni grill.
If they would just save the entertainment for like after I leave would be good.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah, they're going to sing now.
Okay, see you.
Oh man, River.
I love that guy.
It was great.
And he had the big shoes.
You know the kind of shoes I'm talking about.
The real big shoes lucky lucky in La Caja fall.
Did you see that?
Which was the first one.
The good ones.
Yes.
Now what was the waitresses the not the made what was his name?
It's name.
Don't you remember when he was dressed up as the butler and he had the big shoes on.
He could barely walk.
That's the kind of shoes this guy had on from the kitchen.
He was trying to stand up on the table and he kept lucky.
He had lucky just been in Amsterdam had Dutch or wooden shoes on or something.
He kept slipping and sliding because he had those big shoes on.
Those big spooky shoes on.
Oh, yeah, my mother yesterday was going to be a lecture throughout that.
How can you say that?
I mean, oh my God, that's terrible.
I thought she was the biggest two.
I said shut up, Kike.
Ten past one at 560 QAN.
This is 560 QAN.
Oh, a lunso.
You're so big.
Hello.
Is Peterson.
Yes.
Hi, this is Bob Williams down at Sirius Bosbos.
Oh, hi.
How are you?
How are you today?
Fine.
Are you sitting down?
Yes.
I'm afraid I have some bad news for you.
What do you mean bad news?
I understand that Bob's been with us for almost 20 years now.
Bob's okay, isn't he?
Oh, Bob's fine.
Oh.
A little upset but fine.
He's been a good worker for us.
He's made all his quotas, his bonuses have always been in line.
But we're going to have to let him go.
What do you mean?
We're going to have to fire him.
And unfortunately, being the boss sometimes you have to do things that you're not very pleased doing.
Hey, that's not very fair.
Oh, okay.
He's been very loyal to you.
Yes, he has.
That's like a slap in the face.
I can imagine you're failing that way.
Absolutely, but.
Feeling that way.
You don't understand.
We just had a baby.
Yes, I understand.
We have filled up the in-yang.
Understood.
This is a very hard time to do this kind of a thing.
I fully agree with you, but there's something that's happened down here at the office that we can't overlook.
It's an image problem and a problem that you might want to address yourself.
I don't look quite how to tell you though.
Why are you firing him?
Um, what's the specific reason?
What could he do?
It's a little delicate.
Unfortunately, we found him on top of his desk making love to his secretary.
Oh, that's not a bit.
Well, I can understand you're being upset at this point, but.
That is not the word that stupid one.
Son of a bitch, I can't believe this.
Well, he's going to need your support through this.
My ****.
I can't.
Right now he's on his way home to you.
On his way home to me.
He's got another thing coming when he gets home.
I'm going to change the locks on the door.
I'm proud of his **** outside on the front one.
He can just have it all out.
I am.
I'm not even going to be here when he gets back.
That's son of a bitch.
And now now I don't feel so bad about.
His brother.
Car theft is on the rocks.
In America, a car is stolen every 12 seconds.
What can you do to protect your car?
An expensive car alarm system will protect your car from being stolen.
The club will protect the valuables inside your car.
But a big black guy named Ben can.
Get away from the car mother.
For less than you pay for an expensive car alarm system and even less than you pay for the club,
you can get a big black guy named Ben to protect your automobile.
Get away from the car mother.
It's simple to use.
Just leave the big black guy named Ben in your car whenever you get out and he does the rest.
Whenever anyone gets within six feet of your car, Ben simply gets out of the car and tells them.
Get away from the car mother.
Listen to these testimonials from people who use a big black guy named Ben.
It's always nice to have someone to ride with although it really doesn't say much.
Just get away from the car mother.
That's about it.
I didn't get a big black guy named Ben to chat with.
It got into protect my car.
It's the best investment I've ever made.
Many of it isn't that great.
There have been a lot of car thefts.
I can't tell you how many times I've heard you to wear from the car mother.
Knowing that I've got a big black guy named Ben protecting my car, let's me sleep better at night.
Calm down.
1-800-1 big guy.
That's 1-800-1-VIG-G-U-I.
And instead of hearing this, you'll hear this.
Get away from the car mother.
1-17-560-WQM.
Just took a pull and we decided that monogamy is strictly for the birds.
5-670-560-Pont-560 on it.
Here's four Myers-Hull.
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good sir.
Hey, first time caller.
Love your show.
All right.
Just a little developing.
Yeah, real thing over there in four Myers, it's kind of scary.
Well, don't talk about it too much.
Just let all the people in Broward and Dade not know anything about Fort Myers that way,
but they don't move over and come over on the weekends and use our beaches.
Oh, I don't think you have to worry.
Well, I tell you, we have our little wheels cut in the grass, washing our cars, not running our towns.
Yeah.
We support our hockey team.
The only thing D-Saw over there is the Panthers and you people don't know it.
Yeah.
But love your show and go Panthers.
Okay, thanks pal.
And God bless Ray Whitney.
Oh, God bless Ray Whitney.
Maybe that's what rumor always says.
Something like that.
You know what's that Jason Taylor spot we played just before the break ended there?
And every other word was hanging out, hanging out.
Do you know what did you mean like this show?
Because I'm the only guy in town.
Well, it was your Rosa.
I got to give him a credit.
He was the one that told me that Jason Taylor is hung like an elephant.
Oh, yeah, they're always kidding them over at camp.
You know, we're after the games when they're in the showers together like we do and all the other reporters.
Well, shower the guys.
Yeah, but he got in your trunk, Jason.
877-785-0.
787-877-785-6345.
I'm kind of like a shocked that Jimmy Johnson.
He's an asshole.
Listen to the end likes this show.
That's amazing to me.
Oh, there's the NFUs got those great t-shirts.
Jet suck.
Not a nut.
It doesn't just say suck once, but like it says jets in green and that's a suck in orange like small and then a medium and then a real big suck.
And of course there's nothing like a big suck.
566-705-60, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Homestead.
Hello.
Good morning, sir.
Good evening to you.
The patience is sometime of virtue and I think today on my case it is.
Oh my god, 48 minutes and 50 seconds.
That is a record.
Yes, it is.
For me, it's special.
How did this happen?
I don't know.
It's George.
He hates my gun.
Okay.
Two things.
The other day I had the stitches so bad and I couldn't call because I had to go someplace.
When you mentioned putting your computer in the pool, I thought I was going to die of laughter.
I'm going to tell you something.
There is nothing in the world more aggravating than a computer.
Neil, Neil, you don't understand.
I can't even use my pool.
It is so full of TV remotes.
Other very different elements.
You tell a phone, yeah.
If it is a stray shot from the chair, right to the pool like 16 feet.
They are going to work.
I did something better than that yesterday.
I sent it back.
Got a refund.
Oh good for you.
Bring it back.
I highly recommend it.
Second thing.
I think you sing handily, Dr. Neil saved my life today.
Yes.
About the last four or five weeks, I have been doing some unusual lifting of wheelchairs and things like that
for my wife and I have been all crippled up.
I mean, I'm talking major league pain in both legs and the arms and the back and all
the crap.
Right.
Well, several weeks ago, four, five, six weeks ago, I discovered Pepsi One and I've been
drinking like four or five a day this morning.
We were talking about the...
Asperta.
I never heard of that.
Muscle cramps.
No, two of us were doing the same thing.
That's what it is.
There's drinking a damn Pepsi One and I said, well, what the hell are you talking about?
So I read the can.
That's it.
So I have my problem.
Excellent.
Don't ever do it again.
I put it all in the pool anyway.
Okay.
Alright, bud.
See you.
Bye.
I'd like to see what color his pool is.
Probably.
Oh, the dog, done it.
Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty, pound five, sixty.
No more nutrients, wait, no more Asperta.
I'm begging you, people.
Are you going to listen to me?
No.
Okay, you'll be sorry.
We'll come dance on your grave when George and I are 152 years old.
We'll come and dance on your grave.
We'll bring you flowers.
I'll bring you panties.
I'll bring you lilacs from Rochester.
Speaking of Rochester, our upstate New York line, 877-785-Neil, 877-785-6345.
They were even caught on that line like crazy last week.
I don't think it was the novelty.
I think it was the fact that Robert was in here.
Anybody believe that?
No.
Sounds good.
Here's a mobile in a four-letter mail.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
It's Lenny.
How you doing?
Okay, Lenny.
Hey, listen.
Lenny, the limo driver.
That's right.
How Lenny the limo driver?
What are you doing, Lenny?
Well, I heard you were going on a trip and I called to see if you needed a pickup and the
ride too.
That's a good idea.
It's the idea, you like that.
Yeah, it is a good idea.
You know where I heard from the other night?
Who's that?
About 11.
Standing here.
Rick Riley calls.
Rick Riley.
Yeah.
What was he looking for, freebie?
Because his parents are stuck at the airport.
So he needed a emergency pickup.
Oh, boy.
Yeah.
How's he doing, by the way?
He's doing great.
I see his audience is vanished, but you know, it's a big difference.
That I don't know about.
I need help.
Yeah, I saw those numbers, Rick.
That bad, huh?
So you're going to come by and pick me up tonight or what?
Yeah, sure.
Just tell me what time.
Yeah.
I need to know the time.
Quarter to ten.
Quarter to ten?
Yeah.
Okay.
You don't want to give me your address of the phone though.
No, the torches are giving you.
Yeah, I figured that.
You forgot already?
No, I know exactly where you are.
Yeah, but he'll better give you again.
No problem.
And the phone number and the shoe size.
Exactly.
Great.
Thanks, Lenny.
Anytime.
See you tonight.
Hold on.
And by the way, tell him I don't tip.
I was speaking to people that don't tip.
Hello.
I wasn't speaking to people.
Why haven't you there right away?
So speaking to people that don't tip.
I tip.
I tip.
I tip.
I tip.
I tip.
I tip.
I tip.
I tell them I'm not.
It's a good deal to know that.
Um, we're going to take care of you.
So that's what you've been tippin'.
I can't believe you brought that up with Hank.
Bro, what up?
What about the whole Jimmy Wans set then?
Why not?
I've been to...
And you notice how he like he vaded it?
Uh-huh.
Well, I mean...
He's in a difficult position.
I mean what's he going to say?
I understand that.
And speaking to people that don't tip.
He's in the word document.
But the thing about Jimmy Johnson, listen to the show
and loves it.
He's an asshole.
I'm not just shocking, is it?
I would love to hear him call.
Right, I know.
Sure.
Yeah, I don't think he would do that you want to bet?
Well, and my moment I say to him and I have I have no
I have a fuck you know me. I don't suck up to anybody
I mean I know I think you playing every card with his name in it. Yeah, while he's on I don't have any cards with his name in it
And the only thing I got way I may still have that one where the dice man says get a haircut or something like that
You know, didn't you something would do something with we've got a shot? I don't have that that's on a
normal, we don't have that okay, oh we could get it and
I can't believe you're this in hot dog copper board
Yeah, you you and that blue a blue guy you're the two fans now now are you listening to jigs on the new broadcast?
I've heard of the other guy you two are the only guys who listen to radio since all the games are on TV
Yes, no, my co-hardie listen and he's good
He's good. I didn't say he was good. I mean he's alright. He's an improvement
He describes the game he describes the game, but I still think that oh please don't say it please
If you're gonna tell me Christina Moron was a hockey that but I'm not I'm not saying at all
Well, what are you saying? What are you saying Chris more what's more that you're saying?
Forget about the game. Oh, yeah, if you want to forget about the game. I guess it was very entertaining right
Listen have a great trip and have a good day
5 6 7 0 5 6 the pond 5 6 the
80 and D line and of course
8 7 7 7 8 5 Neil on a Paul Harvey Jr. Line
8 7 7 7 8 5 6 3 4 3 4 3 4
He didn't even thank us by the way we're getting a line for him to call in though
I'm grateful bastard
Here's Tamara. Hello
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I just wouldn't like to bring up with something that a very jackass with this one
Yes, sir Gary Jackass had a calm today. Yeah, you did. Oh great
5 6 7 0 5 60 if he had one maybe he could do it, but I doubt it
5 6 7 0 5 60 pond 5 60 on the 18 D line
That's one of your sparser friends in other one of those wild coons. I'm telling you know
I mean those all kinds of things because we have a lot of there about two three blocks below my neighborhood
Where they haven't chopped all the trees. It's like a wild jungle out there. Yeah
No, sir. There's a lot of very dangerous because they're rabid those wild possums and those wild coons
But we're kind of cleaning it out 5 6 7 0 5 60 pond 5 60 on the 18 D line 8 7 7 7 7 8 5 Neil
8 7 7 7 8 5 6 3 4 5 on the nationwide line heard from 10 David and Paul Harvey Jr. in one day
Pretty exciting and from Mexico to no less
126 and 5 60 QM got Hank in the studio. He's in the building as you heard he's gonna have you know at
5 for a cool hotline at 6 and the Panthers at the St. Louis Blues to kick the crap out of the blues
Just to teach him for reading the Leafs in Toronto last night God damn it
Somebody's got to teach the Leafs, you know somebody better tell Pat Quinn
We know you don't like the new overtime rules, but the fact is at least save the point. Okay salvage the tie when it's that late in the game
With one minute left don't give up a goal late in the game don't go blowing it play for like at least get to one point
Then lose it overtime like the Bruins game. That's not so bad. I looked up high
Like Gerald Ford for instance
Obviously he was on
Otherwise why was he falling down all the time?
That Jimmy Carter was able
He was so hopped up on scum
He didn't even know they were osmosis for the first day
Why even way back to watch
I do believe the only reason I'm down the cherry tree was because he has a much
132 at 560 WQAM and 560 705 60 pound 560 only 18 T wireless line don't forget George will be here tomorrow next week for all you swingers out there
All you old swingers. Oh
Here's a bokeh. Hello
Hey, yeah, how you doing pretty good sir? Yeah, I've been listening to you show for about eight years
And I think you're a great talent. This is the second time I called you in the past two and a half years first time you hung up on me
Yes, sir. I think you're gonna feel I'm gonna feel you're gonna do it again. Okay. Well, I just the way you started that I had a feeling it probably well
I called her before about Christina Moore
Well, I apologize
Profusely you have to apologize the reason I got on you almost every night was because I knew something about what I was talking
No, because nobody else was calling
Here's a screen
Lou come down. It's not that I'm not in what you had to say
But the fact is because you were certainly better than Debbie on a mobile who meant well, but new love him
But the fact is they didn't have it. Why do you think they don't do it anymore? They stopped doing it because there weren't any calls
In fact, there were nights that they didn't they were trying to do it and it couldn't I mean how many hockey calls do you hear on the sports shows here?
I'm bursting my bubble now. You know, I thought that I was good. Now, you got on because you knew your stuff. I mean, I'll make you feel better
Why would you like it? What do you think of James McDonald?
I think James they should have kept him in wathboss would be quite honest with you
You want to know something you probably gonna hang up on me this too. I
Do you want me to hang up on you?
Saying that all right, but I have go me one night. Do play by play. Yeah, I never heard a play by play like that before in my life
Was good. Now I want I'm the one that was pushing for him to get the job
You will yes
Which is probably why he didn't get it. No, the reason he didn't get it is because Bill Torrey's you know and jigs go back with the islanders
Just like these pot fan and it's all an incestuous thing you know that yeah, you're absolutely right about that
You're absolutely right, but I thought he was good. I thought he did well
I actually the first time I heard him was standing in line waiting to get a bottle of water bottle of Wayne's water
Right one night at the game. I am a season ticket holder, but I gotta tell you I
I really think jigs
Jigs just can't say who scored the gold. Yeah, he scores
It's like who scored?
But Lee at least you tell you somebody scored that's true. I'm like there's she know who wouldn't tell you anything
You just hear the crowd reacts. I got one question. Yes, sir. Where do you think the Panthers are going to play in a week division?
Where do you think they're going? I don't know. I mean, it looks to me like they're going to win the division
I'll look here a line of beat out of a last time, but one didn't make a lifetime
I mean, they're not really playing all that well. I'm still like I've got all these points and they're in first place
So who knows? Yeah, you're right. So I always carry mario there. They've always get prepared for the big dive never get too cocky
Exactly, and you know keep doing what you're doing. You're a funny guy
I think you're right up there with the best of my thing. You should have a national show. Thanks, Louis. Now I'm gonna hang up on you
See you later. I hung up on
Well, he wanted me to hang up. I don't know why. I mean, do we have a problem in that conversation? No, but he just had this feeling
once burned, you know
56705 60. Oh, you know something. Let me tell you about those candies
No, seriously, they're delicious. They're fantastic, but just don't eat too many
I had only three I had one earlier before the show and I just had two more and all of a sudden oh wow. I'm thinking
Well, we got only 25 minutes and I already played Dennis Lurie the asshole song once
There's other long stuff today. There's young Neil
No, we're not playing young you and also that's possible to write us a lesson
That's going into mothballs with the jigs and the young Neil
The was a funny bit the first 40,000 times not even not even a snicker
Or Clark bar. I do like Clark bar, though. Don't you? Hmm, huh?
That's gonna be our poll question tomorrow on Georgia show. What's your favorite candy bar?
St. Major's coming to do that show
Yeah, anybody have a Milky Way dark
Milky Way dark poor Stan. Hey Stan, where's my two granted ought to be worth about 40 grand now
Here's a mobile in North Miami Beach. Hello. Hey, Neil how you doing pretty good sir. Where's birds are pretty good? What is it?
Carp bars are great. Yeah, there. I do like butter fingers too though. Yeah, they're good too
And if you've been in Canada, I like crunchies
I've never heard of them. Hmm
I have like honey. They're like chocolate on the outside like honeycomb on the inside. Oh boy. They melt in your mouth like butter. Yeah, right
I'm the woman's center to practice worrying about the scientist and God
The scientist and God yeah, where the scientist said they don't need God anymore
Oh come on. Tell me you didn't get it. I think we would did I read it? I don't know. I'm in and out of the car all the time
I hope you did
What did it say after that?
The scientist got together and they told God that they don't need it anymore. Oh no, I did read that on here. Yeah, it was it was okay
Yeah, okay
I was amused by it but the audience would have been upset
It wasn't really it wasn't really no, I don't mean upset they would they just they wouldn't they wouldn't have got it
Okay, I thought it was cute. It was cute
Um, I have a good trip. Thanks
It was cute mildly. Yeah
5605 60. Pomp 560 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile in Pompi. Tell him
Hey, man. Neil, that's me. Yes, sir. That you
Chase Su's Nilo see
How you doing pretty good? It sounds like you're on a roll. You're pretty happy. I'm pretty happy today
You want to know why cuz I'm getting the hell out of here for 10 days. Yeah, I know
How are you baby? How do you hollywood is Mike Lang would say all your listeners are afraid you're gonna leave for good
Yeah
I'm telling you you're you're mentioning this morning where all your listeners are gonna go when
Georgia's on here and unfortunately, I'm gonna listen to my friend
Phil are you sure? Yeah, I am so sure you're only on though from till noon
If you're gonna do the two and to upset the listeners even more. Yeah, I recommend they see stigma up. Yeah, it's father-o-tool
Okay, and in closing
Oh
Father-o-tool
I have a really big trouser trowel. I have a really
Okay, that was you requesting the song or is he?
Yeah, cuz I can relate to pal. I only wish
Might be a little uncomfortable trying to get up out of the chair
Wouldn't be trying to find out huh
As opposed to creeping up real close to those fast installs and pushing yourself
No
I
I will be moving, darling, he's got a really big shower trowel.
The girls are creamy, be letty house.
He's got a really big shower trowel, a fishing bubble.
He's got a really big shower trowel.
That's why I can make near-just whizzing showers.
He's got a really big shower trowel.
A fishing bubble.
He's got a really big shower trowel.
He's got a really big shower trowel.
He's got a really big shower trowel.
Yes.
Let's go to Mr. Devil Huff, honey, please.
Twenty-four, two, and five, sixty-w.
Holy mackerel!
This is Joe Ball and the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs
and you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neal God.
We'll have to go to that front line
that right-click time see how the line should stay.
About gay.
Us only seems towards this planet.
Just under the wings, we still seem to lose, everywhere.
rapport to the wild side positive order.
We're a terus Hz.
In Champs-Cortisation.
evolve.
We started for six weeks
timely, punkze scanning in
college day.
Yes.
Okay, hey.
Guns and cheer just like a silly cookie thing.
And back to the day lifestyle is a lot of a one day.
Boy, bang, boy.
And slide and say.
Uh oh, now everyone knows.
Trent, hold up, welcome to the fancy room.
Or two.
So you know that time is beautiful, is your view.
He's telling you to as I say, not as I do.
So as I say, Trent's not in pain.
Wait for those top on Trent 146 and 560 WQM 560.
560 the out of town line.
We had some tremendous call on there today.
Have a way.
No, Paul Harvey, Jr.
Like I said, 877785 Neil 8777, 7856345.
Good calls from the four Myers though.
Most of them.
I'm not saying great, but I mean, like living and breathing people over there.
There are four Myers.
Here for that.
There's got to be 40, 50 of them over there.
Under the age of 100.
Here's a mobile and deer field.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I knew I was going to the first time calling.
All right.
Hey, listen, you know, have you ever tried acupuncture?
For what?
Uh, Timorid?
No, it's just about everything.
But I use, I do it for losing weight.
For losing weight?
Yeah.
Where do they puncture?
Correct them.
They put out these, uh, they, they put these little mingles, uh, and just about everywhere.
They put them in your, in my stomach and my legs and in my arms.
Yeah.
And I don't know, man, but I get out of there and it feels great.
And then it has really helped me out.
What was that happening with losing weight?
I don't know.
It says, well, they say that, you know, acupuncture helps wake up dormant nerves in your stomach and, and then,
correct them.
Yeah.
Yeah, that would otherwise.
I got some dormant nerves.
Hopefully they'll be re-waking soon.
Hey, yeah, but, you know, anyways, I think you got a great show and I listen to you every day.
And, you know, it's, uh, it's a great show and I'm on the road all day long, so, you know, you really keep me, uh, busy in other words.
Exactly.
Okay, pal.
Thanks a lot, Neil.
Watch where you stick it.
Oh, really?
Okay.
And the needle, too.
Now what Dr. Watson was always saying to Sherlock Holmes, watch where you stick it and the needle, too.
Here's for a lot of Dale.
Hello?
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Hello, yo.
And in the long time, your room, we're going around town, you going to Amsterdam?
Yeah.
Yes.
Okay, great.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60.
I mean, for the first five seconds, it's okay.
And then that's it.
That's the call.
Is that what it is?
Uh-huh.
Sorry.
Sorry.
Can't spare no change, Mr. Sorry.
Here's a mobile in four-lot of Dale.
Bring your back some good drugs, though, sir.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
A pleasure.
Okay, two in a row.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello, let's see.
This guy was already on there, but don't confuse him.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Okay.
Hey, you know Limolini, huh?
How done, Weston?
Yeah, I'm, hey, two a minute, yeah.
Yeah, well, I used to drive form.
I'm a limo driver still now.
Yeah.
I work for a company and he's a, he's a shifty character.
Yeah, he's shifty, yeah.
There's no doubt about it.
He's got an automatic limo, but he shifts it.
Yeah, there's no doubt about it.
He shifts it.
Yeah.
I work for a different company now, but um,
Limolini's a different type of guy.
There's no doubt about it.
He's got a body.
No question.
Well, that's why I never went in a limo, though.
It's good to sit away in the back.
So you don't even go out front there.
Yeah, well, whenever you're ready for a new car instead of one of his old, old antiques,
yeah, you give Jett limousine a call, okay?
Okay.
Okay, and we'll take care of you.
Okay.
Right now.
Joan Jett.
Jett limousine.
Got it. Thanks.
You have a good day now.
Okay.
Have a good trip.
Thanks very much.
Okay, see the limo people are getting very, you know, a little, uh, conflict here.
That's okay.
That Lenny's okay, but just make sure I don't sit in the same spot where Rick Riley is.
That's, that's with no H.
Now, Rick's okay.
He's just misunderstood.
That's what Adam said.
He misunderstood and he couldn't stand him.
And he wanted to hell out of there real fast.
And he does, he does have time to care about that, even his girlfriend said that.
We have time to care about Rick.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Anybody know where we came from?
No.
Anybody care?
No.
All right, stop caring about that crap.
Let's get with the program.
Okay, let's start caring about the, and stop caring about what country you came from and what's your shoe size,
and ask a lot of those stupid questions.
Just like George, maybe while I'm gone these next six shows, you can kind of like talk to George into getting a brain.
And stop worrying about where everybody came out.
They poured a weekend out in Mexican.
Maybe it's a spectacular thing.
How do you do that?
Yes, you do.
The hell you don't, you're obsessed with that.
Not so.
You're obsessed with that nonsense, is what I just said.
Nine minutes before I mean, unless it's some Phillips, you can look and look at a young babe.
Then of course, you don't really care where she comes from.
He just wants to know where she's coming next.
Nine minutes before two at 5, 60, WDQAM.
Only one South Florida radio station has a hammer.
And you're listening to a cold bird week day afternoon to two sports radio 5, 60 QAM.
You're down on your hand to me and lick my boots.
No.
Do you know where this is?
I don't know if you remember me.
But I was the guy whose house you said on fire last year.
Yes.
God, I miss you.
Even though you blew up my car, caught all my hair off.
I miss you, girl.
But one quick question.
Do you think you could let me know when your wife let me out of this kid?
No one's been here for weeks, but I'm not complaining.
Don't misunderstand me, because I loved you with all my heart.
But if you happen to see my mother, we'd better know I'm not dead yet.
Fear a land is.
I want to tell you that.
The guy you saw with your best friend, that wasn't me.
He might have looked and talked just like me, but that's surely purely coincidental.
I was nowhere near that place.
I loved you too much to look at anyone else.
Fear a land is.
I had a dead edge to point for that day.
And I was nowhere near the shared metal list hotel.
I would never cheat on somebody who treats me so good.
Who wins all those rambies, heads, all that money.
Hey, come on, let me out of the pit.
157 at 560 WQM, happy holidays to you.
Because I won't be your Thanksgiving.
Maybe you can bring in the bird for Thanksgiving.
What do you think?
Come on.
That's bad.
Here's the Dingo lady.
Hi, Uncle Neil, how you doing?
How you doing?
Hey, as usual, you and George have me dance around painting my panel unies.
Right.
I think I like my bike.
Exactly.
That's right, honey.
I just love the key chains and everything.
I just love it.
You got one yet?
No, not yet, but I'm looking.
Oh, wait till you get a hold of one of these.
You'll be the head of the party.
We're using this and touching it.
Exactly.
And they put you behind a rubber room, too.
That's right.
I just want you to have a good trip and, you know, say holiday and come back to it.
Okay, thanks a lot.
Okay, I'll take care.
I'll get you the room.
Here's a four-letter mail.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
I'm coming out here now.
I just...
I don't want to put you out.
All right, thanks, buddy.
Hey, I agree with you with what you said.
Hello?
I'm listening.
Yeah, with Smith.
With Smith's stock, man.
He's a...
He's a...
He's a wannabe white boy.
He's an asshole.
Yeah, he's an asshole.
He needs to get a haircut, man.
And he couldn't sing his word about paper sack.
He couldn't act.
He's about as funny as a heart attack.
He's a piece of crap.
He couldn't get a...
He couldn't get a cut, sir.
I want.
He's the rest.
He's like the pinot on it.
There you go.
All right, buddy.
Have a great life.
Have a great trip.
Thanks.
Don't put me out.
All right.
Well, not a song.
Don't put me out.
Yeah, I love that.
Oh, there's one from Oak Abroad.
Don't put me out.
Yeah.
Yeah, we'll Smith.
I just...
They're just certain people.
You never see him on the screen.
Oh, and then, of course, he stared with the guy that had in videos.
Thank God that Wild Wild West thing.
First of all, the movie was a huge, huge fan.
Number one.
And number two.
The video lasted about five minutes, and everybody said,
well, first of all, it's about 45 minutes long.
And number two, it sucks.
And other than that, he makes it sick.
And it went away real fast.
Almost as fast as Ricky Martin is going to go away.
Even though Carlos brought in this picture from Latino Magazine, Latina.
Oh, that's where I'm sorry.
It's Ricky.
It's Latina Magazine, Latina.
How appropriate.
Here's Volca.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm glad I got you.
