And before I forget
Happy birthday to Crystal George's lovely wife who puts up with so much and
Anyway, uh 10. Oh three of five 60 W. W. A. N
Yeah, let's go smoke some pot. Let's smoke some right here in the studio
What do you say, huh?
Uh-huh not the end of the world. I want out Goldstein called you from Amsterdam
Did he give you a big song? Dance about the cannabis?
Symposium or whatever was allegedly going on that only only he and
Well, get hands in because the people over there don't take it like a bunch of children
If there's anybody in the world who doesn't need to be smoking weed it's Al Goldstein okay as in oh
My god, I'm telling you I have a vision of one day going to Amsterdam walking down the dam rack and seeing this big
gigantic walrus-like body sprawled out on the street surrounded by empty Ben and Jerry's cartons with a big smile on his push
Right now you cow you pig you maniac
We love him, but he's a big he's disgusting
Here's a mobile and bokeh my first call back hello. Hey Neil how you doing pretty good sir?
Yeah, good trip great the best I
Talked you I won't fact. I saw you yesterday. I talked you last week too. I will you follow yesterday
I saw yesterday in Miami Airport you were getting driven by a friend of mine Jamie right yeah
And by the way thanks to Lenny the limo driver who may be an asshole but nevertheless those guys did a good job and thank you
It was a good deal. Yeah, Jamie. Jamie's a good guy's good friend of mine. Yeah, he's a good Julio
Yeah
Yeah, he made it seem like
He is
Yeah, I'm
I'm the little driver that caused you last week
Right and I talked yeah, but you were knocking Lenny. Yeah, I know I don't like Lenny, but I like
Jamie Jamie's a good friend. Yeah, and of course
I can't say much for his boss, but I can say a lot for
Really lose you's limo they use like Volkswagen's and you know stuff like that
But nevertheless it was okay. It was very comfortable. It was a great trip
Why did you have a good trip? You didn't have a great trip and it was real fun
I do a friend of mine out of my life. Go ahead sir anything you want. I'm in a great mood
I just had a great night
I drove this gentleman
I'm a nice a Neil Wilder. He's a great guy. Yes, sir. I just wanted to say hello to you remember something sir
The great people are the Nileys. They're the great people just right in that's how I met him
Some of them are at home. You're some of them. You did it wonders for me. That's right. I really appreciate it
You're a great guy. Jerry. I've been kissed. Tell me did a good job
There's a big kiss for you buddy. Okay. I hope you have a good day. Neil and back to great day. Take a bio
Already glad your back man. I listen to okay. Good. Oh
God. Oh, yeah, then I see that was good. That was a good guy gets off to a great start
Unlike the elast day that I'm leaving. This is the one call that sticks in my mind with somebody
It's kind of suck it around like this guy a little bit
But then at the end of the call he throws in a little shot for George. He says oh, well, you know why you're gone
You know, I'm gonna be doing I'm gonna be listening to your buddy feel while you're gone
Now that maybe maybe that's the case. Why did he yeah?
George is wiping the crocodile tears from his eyes and by the way did George get his bonus yet? No, so regardless one way or the other
I got my check in my pocket already this morning. That's really reason I came in
Saw Greg read out in the hallway there with that stupid look on his face the same look bit like the one before I left
The same Gregory look
Yeah, that's always covering his push
But I got my check in my pocket and that's why I came back. That's all it's a business man. It's a matter of survival. That's what it's all about
First thing right out of the box this morning
Get up after a great I went to bed quarter to nine last night course keep in mind. That's a quarter to three amps at the end time in the morning
So it's been a long long day ten hour plane drive back and by the way
Martin air not not fancy not spectacular food, but they did a good adequate job not too bad and the price is right
Thank you so much Martin air. Why am I thinking am I paid for it? But nevertheless no seriously they do a pretty good job. They're okay
First thing out of the box. I turn on the news this morning. What do I gonna pick up my newspapers out of the driveway?
What do I see here? We go welcome back to Miami Neil
Right three friends Diane shooting in Hollywood one guy was 24 one kid was 21 other one was 18 they're dead
In Hollywood
I was an Amsterdam nine days that I see anybody get shot. No, I see anybody with a gun besides the cops. No
And that it's interesting. Where did I see somebody get arrested and wait till you hear this?
I'm getting changed on the dam rack. I'm changing dollars into gilders
I'm up there getting changed and there's this one place not the Apat exchange which is with two teams by the way
But the other place which is like by the dam hotel and then you have to walk up a couple of stairs
And it's in between it's a narrow thing, but they give you a greater change for it
So I'm standing there. They're pretty busy and there's a
Two windows, but the one window isn't moving so we're all in one line that the one window because the other one
There's this Afro-Conaer standing there and the woman behind account. He's got these long bills
I have no idea what country they were from
These long streams looking bills purple and yellow very colorful and the bills too and
Anyway, she's looking and looking and now some of the people are three or four of us in law
We're getting a little anti because this this other line isn't moving and now the guy is all of a sudden a cell phone rings
Don't trust people with a cell phone and by the way
Everybody in their brothers got a cell phone now all over the world even the kids drug dealers everybody
They got cell phones used to be beepers now at cell phones
So he goes down he takes his call he makes a mistake. He comes back
Now some other guy comes in the booth and the woman is looking at the bills and she's on the phone and she's positive
He says what's the matter here? What's going on and all of a sudden here come two of Amsterdam's finest
Including a young lady cop
Come up there in there. She says do you speak or whatever line? Yes, I do. Oh, well that's nice
Well, guess what the bills are no good and you're under arrest and they hand-cut and he's squealing squealing like a stuck pig
Yeah, why why are you squealing was great? What did that was expecting that baby to come charge it out from inside?
Our schwarzir passing counterfeit money. How do you like that? I?
Saw two incidents in nine days. I understand that I just had this problem
I've been honest with you about that. I have a problem with dark folks
I just keep being in the wrong place at the wrong time because we're all the good dark folks are I'm never there
No, seriously, but were they annoying and a bad and the dangerous and the one day I'm walking on the street
Minded my own business on the root of gasoline there. I
Hear two cop the siren to which is very unusual there and I see these two young cops running around the corner
And everybody's looking because it's so unusual to see anything like this and who have they got backed up against the wall
They're frisk at him some schwarzer
So I saw two on what you would call untoward incidents in the nine days that it was there didn't see no shooting
Didn't hear no gunshots two on toward incidents and they both had to do it
So my luck would find in the nice black people with some nice black people. Please call us sometime soon. Please
Really I'm sure that you're out there
I'm sure that there are a lot of you darkies out there very nice folks. Although the Pope wouldn't elect you
Pope Pius boy. Thank you again for this book by the way the guy that sent me his name. He's a
What that was his name?
Randy Miller. Thank you Randy
I read this book on a plane. Go over and come back. It's enough to make your blood boil. It just pisses you off frost your ass
10 minutes after 10 to 5 50 WQ no
portion of this broadcast may be reproduced without the express written permission of WQ am
These we read acquisition court
Everyone loves Christmas Carol but until now no one has ever written holiday songs about that other big holiday this time of year
Until now introducing kind of good Carol's on TV
Like the Carol's on TV
Like a wiggle as it gets it hours and hours of holiday music to get you into the other spirit of the season
Of a seven-slabs of concrete stick with eight a lot of
If you're tired of the old traditional song the holidays here's a whole new tradition
You'll get tired of almost before you know it you better buy it again
Come on say oh
Kind of can Carol's on PD it's a holiday collection you just can't pass over
Anybody want to buy a Hanukkah bush 1015 at 560 WQM
So anyway getting back to this original thing I was talking about the three kids getting shot
And they're dead and
Here's the thing at a paper this morning and yesterday is the Sunsennel medical pot laws plashing with DC
Here is the country where it's okay everybody can add guns. We've got a whole movement of
Assholes with gun gun lovers gun huggers guns quizzes everybody demands that they got to have their guns
People get shot left and right but marijuana is illegal
How come how come it is that all those people over there are most of more civilized and again the only untoward thing the two episodes
I told you the counterfeiter and the sparks are getting arrested for under-term reason and the sparks are standing in a street
crack quote which there must be a factory where they stamp those people out because they're reproducing dramatically
Where do they come from?
They must have like these big big gigantic
ships that come from the Caribbean that just bring thousands of these people learn they can't say no because they all I have a Dutch citizenship
All over the place crack quote extra shake cocaine get out of here. You know, of course you don't pay any attention to them
You just stop over a couple of them and go out of your business go on your way
But other net there's no problem
You don't see all these people it reminds me of this guy this punk that called this show and I think of some of these assholes
That call this program so many of them
Gave me that song to dance about oh he was there for a couple weeks and he can't imagine how you could be there and not become a drug addict remember that call
How could you possibly go to Amsterdam and not be a drug addict?
How could you live there or stay any length of time and not become a drug addict?
Did I do drugs there this time? No, I've been there 60 times. Do I ever do drugs when I go there? No
Just wait. It's about to happen
It's like saying you can't possibly grow up in the Napa Valley without becoming a wine. Oh
That's right. You can't grow up in Milwaukee without becoming a
a booze hound
Without drinking at least for 20 30 beers a day. Huh? That's right
It's just stupid on the face of it now if you happen to have a weakness if you've got a problem to begin with
It's probably not a good idea. That's not a place you want to go to
Yeah, maybe the Vatican would be a good place to hang out
Feel like in a little boys things like that go to the Vatican. Don't share the ropes
Maybe I'd even help you time up a little bit
Here is this story medical pot laws clashing with DC pain and suffering strong argument
Jack this is what Aberdeen Washington jack 67 a former pair trooper
I'd never spoke pot when voters in Washington approved new medical marijuana law year ago
Since then he's been diagnosed with a tumor in his lower back that has left him an agony barely able to move
Now is doctors in law enforcement grapple with a measure
He has two words for anybody who dares interfere with his effort to seek relief by smoking an occasional joint back off
Or maybe the first one begins with an F
Yeah, kind of the word that got into one of my spots that George was telling me about last week here
About that milk him be a tumble whatever hell is F&M was
For the first thing that happened always there are a lot of us going through some severe pain says Jack and my government
Ain't doing nothing for me. He declared I needed I have to have it
He added before lighting a joint in his Aberdeen home
It makes you forget your problems in your pain
That Jack and a friend who delivers his marijuana both asked that they not be identified
Illustrates the status of Washington zero of medical marijuana law
Initiative 692 passed with 59% of the vote despite predictions
It would lead to a movement to legalize drugs and causes surgery in marijuana use neither has happened
Have you liked that in other words this guy ain't fallen
Jack
Instead positions in law officers are law enforcers are developing professional guidelines
The state recently added Crohn's disease a painful bowel disease to list the qualifying elements that includes aids multiple sclerosis
Choma and intractable pain and it is considering request to add hepatitis C
It appears that few if any patients have been prosecuted, but serious obstacles remain
And you want to know why that's the American way that's right the federal government is not relented in its opposition
Delegalizing marijuana for medical uses the Justice Department is challenging voter approved laws in Alaska
Arizona
California, Oregon and Washington main voters approved the medical marijuana law this month
Maine all those crusty old leg leaders up and made they said okay
Authorities in Washington still don't know how to define a vague provision in the state law that limits patients to a 60-day supply of marijuana
Prosecutors are waiting for the course to legislate your scientists to figure out how much pot is a reasonable 60-day supply
Maybe your audience can answer that question
How much pot is a reasonable how many pounds is a reasonable 60-day supply
You know 35, how many kilos is a reasonable 60-day supply
We would love to have a dosage standard Pierce County prosecutor John Ladenberg said we're playing it by ear and trying to do the right thing by what the people wanted
Jack the former paratrooper with cancer credits marijuana with curbing his nausea restoring his appetite and helping him sleep
But despite the year old law he asked that his real name be kept secret for fear that the government would cut off payment for his regular medication
How do you like that? That's the American way law officers also are frustrated because groups that deliver marijuana are still breaking the law
It's a felony to deliver a controlled substance
But the initiative is so vague that it makes prosecution difficult said Ladenberg the Pierce County prosecutor
As we continue wasting millions and billions of dollars with this crap
And the and these initiatives by the way are passing overwhelmingly in state after state
Even in states even in right wing states like Arizona
For those crusty old right wingers the home of very goldwater
overwhelmingly it passes
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Yeah, yes, sir. Yes, sir. I'm holding for deal. I guess you're speaking to
Hey, Neil. Yes, I am gosh. You sound kind of weird. Yeah, I just wanted to tell you I think about a three month two months applied about three ounces
I'm sitting in my doctor's office right now. Yeah, I'm talking about and I'm a rheumatoid arthritis patient
Have been for 10 years right?
Evoliope independent and the only thing that really works
Is smoking a fat doopy of your once in a while? Mm-hmm
And I'm prevented from doing so yeah, yeah, that's right
And that's what I'm interested in I want him to say hey go ahead and do it man. Yeah
I don't want to get into trouble of course
I want you to be an Amsterdam man get on the plane this weekend. I was supposed to go last week
I was supposed to come back on Sundays my friends went over there. Yeah, they might have even run India there
I mean they were parted but I couldn't because of my condition. I'll be in
So
Let's push for legalization man. Okay, but now okay, man. Thank you. Good luck
Some kind of strange. Oh, that was me the center kind of strange. Here's a mobile and alligator rally. Hello
Hey now. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Okay, listen
I've been listening to you about the marijuana issue and I just turned you out about 10 minutes ago
You've got a couple of special interest groups against this. It's obviously the alcohol obvious. They don't want it
The government can't control it. They got a taxid. Yeah, the other thing is the it's a back-old people in the talk about it
They can't control it. They control in tobacco pretty well and they taxed it all out. They make billions of dollars
Which is why in spite of all their prostitutes prostitutes love all their
Scream and yelling the fact is that it's illegal and then the reason being because they don't want to lose all that tax money
Well, I agree with that and they've got to control it and they've got a taxid and then we've got an issue there for the family deal. Yeah, but it's not gonna happen
It's not gonna happen because it's a goody-to-use hypocritical country where everybody's got a bookie illegal gambling
You know against the law, but everybody's got a bookie and they wink and they look and they make a big joke out of it
Everybody's smoking a wicked weed, but again, it's against the law and people in the hour
How many hundreds of thousands of people go to jail and this country every year for possessing a growing pot?
Not for carrying a rope in our ass tray. Right exactly
Anyway, let me ask you about the problem. We're gonna do anything to share. No
Goodbye, okay, yeah lose a lot of games
Are the cups gonna do anything this year? No, no lose a lot of games
56705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line
That out of town line what that number that the how did you get a lot of calls from all over the country last week on that line? No
No, okay
I told you the first couple days just like I'm taxing. It was a big novelty
It rang off. We had all these calls from all different places and then it was like who cares
877 785 Neil and we got a major scam alert coming up on his show in a few minutes by the way
Oh, yeah, I haven't forgotten about this. I'm saving this this the the centerpiece of the show today
We make it Ted David on the phone major scam alert from Saturday's business section of the Miami Herald
Which I managed to keep this uh see they come to me and tell me things that are supposed to be secret
I keep a secret in spite of what Bob Green says. I don't go glad in a big mouth all over the place
But then when it shows up in the newspaper and it's supposed to be a big secret
I wonder what was the big secret oh boy. This is gonna be one of the great scams and I want to alert America
I want to alert potential investors all around the world at this bogus scam. Don't give them your money
The want to be please I'll get to that in a minute too
Unbelievable the foot split these people are God only 50 dollars. No no chance. No
No
Here's a mobile in Daniel. Hello
Hey, yeah, yes, sir. Good to have you back man. Yes, it is. I listen before I get to my
My topic. I just wanted to sell George. He did a great job while you were talking
Yeah, not that he got you know there weren't a lot of callers
But um, I sure did listen to him and I have fun. So I wouldn't mean there were a lot of callers
He said the phones were smoking. He said he had more calls the first hour than I get in the whole week
Now they want to be sad
They were what they weren't real callers. What do you mean by that?
No, they didn't really have much to say. I don't know
I get great calls. What what what do you smoke in man? Oh
I'm gonna smoke some good stuff. Yeah, I'm gonna send it over here boy. You must be smoking a really good stuff
Yeah, well that's basically that's my topic. I mean with with this man I want to think man
I it's just I mean for once and hopefully one day they'll just finally go ahead and just finally just say go ahead
Everybody smoke as much as you want kind of a country can this be you talk about freedom
Okay, the land of the free you can't smoke weed and you can't say the word tits on a year
What kind of a country could this be seriously? I'm over there in Europe and you turn on the over the over the channel
Over the year channels on TV and you see all these breasts and they get people and people doing all this stuff
Think that Fox has got a channel over there the Fox 8 channel they call it as an epe I think and they're like naked breast on it
There's all kinds of nudity and stuff here. You can't even say the word much like show it on TV
If I believe I mean I think we try so we should just all flock all the way over there
Just like we have all the refugees that flock into our country
So we must just go over there and just just smoke fat to dissolve. There you go now you're talking man
We're gonna we're just gonna give this country to all the refugees and we'll go over there and have a good time
We'll let give it to the Cubans and Haitians and all that
Port of a man and have the real rock and go to Europe. Yeah, all right
Love you now see you
1026 at 560 WQ I am oh yeah wait till you hear about this game
Because most people don't read the business especially on Saturday especially on a holiday weekend. That's probably the way they planned it
The Wana Beasley is a right it again and now this explains a lot I come back after nine days away
I'll get off the elevator with fat boy who came up this morning put a lot of weight on the elevator
We get off the third floor the elevator opens up. We look out there a little coat of paint on one door there
That's the progress, but then we look over to the right and here's this flood. I was wondering where to have what happened to know it
He lead town
Because the flood just me occurred right up here on the third floor and all the stuff they put down
It they were gonna put the new carpeting down someday if they can afford to pay for all ruling all this throughout all this color
It's a toilet. It's a mess
Nice going Greg looks really good
Sure, so I know people that wouldn't even work for any amount of money and you know an environment like this
I'll just take the money
To sports radio 560 Q a F holy
Maconon this is Joe Bo on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God
Every time I think of you
It makes me happy
But
You just walk in a room and you say hello
And I'd like to kick your butt
There's just
Then make me want to scream
Where you go
Oh wait
Oh man
There's a message in my finger
And I slip it cause you make me so mad
You got bad friends
You're really lovely too
Did I mention that you're also fat
You had enough
You got it coming
Don't think you should be surprised
That you made me
Queasy
Don't tell me this is the first time
So I'm just in you
You're always such
A pain
It's my business and you
Did all this
And roll
T
That's 335 60 W 2 AM
So my first post best friend Carol from center one faxes me a uh thing here
60,645 is a very unsatisfactory total for center one
But that also doesn't include it's still got the same question mark from inspection two weeks ago called and waiting
Which I don't understand how that's possible because it's got the amount from the following week last week from specs
Does that make any sense to you no the amount from two weeks ago in the stores
We don't have that from life with we do have is that possible? I don't know
But anyway, you can get your up Bethany lcd's and cassettes at all your specs stores including over and four mires
And you can call center one to get the key chain
You know you can at nine five four five six three two thousand
And also will be doing some more of those van hits which your Georgian then if you had a couple real good ones last week
I understand erase 3600 bucks. Oh bad in two days
Everybody in their brother wants. He's got them key chains and what a hell not
Here's a mobile in pember pine. Hello. Hey Neil. How are you great welcome back?
Thank you so much. I want to comment on something you talked about right out of the box
You're talking about you know back home for a few minutes and all you heard about was alive
Yeah
Well, I heard you went on the front page of the papers three dead kids in Hollywood
Well, I don't know if this is in the newspaper or not because I can only parent what heard on the
New station up the dial there
heard about five o'clock this morning
Yesterday afternoon on the turnpike rest area two bus drivers
Got into an argument. Yeah. Did you hear about this one? No. Oh, well, they said they were transporting children
Not children college students back to Calhassi in gameville
One bus company driver out of gameville and one from Miami bus company the Miami bus driver
Stab this guy in the in the chest and the shoulder and in the throat all right. I got arrested great
Unbelievable. It is so sick. It's funny. Yeah, I told Miami. I mean, let me say it again
I was nine days. I mean that's not a lifetime but it's a week and a half and it gets about the 60th or 70th time
I've been over there and am stood in and I didn't see anybody get stabbed
We didn't hear about any shootings any murders. You walk the streets
Everybody's got a smile on their face pretty much and that said life goes on
If the violence is so much a part of our lives, we're just numb to it over here
Yeah, and I just I don't buy it anymore see that that to me is an excuse
You know if you accept if you accept barbaric activity it makes you a barbaric something, you know
I understand I can't accept it. I understand. Okay. Watch out for yourself. Well, take care. And you'll see you
Yeah, I'll ask you some about what's the media and we become then that's bull crap if you care about human life
If you ever respect for that you do care about these things and thank God that I'm here on here the one god damn lonely voice
In the whole history of the human race saying these things does anybody care? No, but I'm getting paid good to do it
No, seriously. I mean why doesn't anybody care about these things? What kind of things do they care about? Why do you think Danny can play good against the cults next week?
You know they had on CNN text
If you want to look up like the stock market or sports scores or whatever on your TV said in a hotel you punch up the CNN text
And it shows you you punch in the number for whatever you want to look out
Thanks giving they sure enough to dolphin to play that Dallas game
I thought well, I wonder how that game came out
With like late at night by one or two in the morning
I don't know which is six there six hours ahead over there
So I figured well that game's long since over I'll look on here and I come up to the page which has got the story on the two NFL games
And here's the lion's game comes up lions went and now here is the dolphin Dallas game
And the first sentence said it was the most bizarre wording it said Jimmy Johnson's home coming to Dallas
Was ruined by the return of Dan Reno to the lineup
And I thought to myself that was very unusual wording but the people in Miami would have said
God Dan him
They would have loved it
Somebody in Miami must have wrote that per se and end
Jimmy's return to Dallas was ruined by the return of Dan Reno to lineup. What a way to put it, huh
Here's pop it'll be chill out
Oh Neil good to have you back. Yes, sir
My 19 year old son down here visiting and I'm taking him back to San Francisco. I just wanted to comment
I went to school with one of the two younger Tish
People and they own lows and of course loans those
owns T
Warlord tobacco company. Yeah, and they have actually
Go they're able to go both ways. They actually trade the more sexual and
trademark the
Occupy will go all these you know various names for for wheat right and so they trademarked them where oh
They're
Filed on the US you know you look it up in Washington DC
Look it up on the internet. You mean just in case you get legalized exactly
They're waiting in the wings. Yeah, you got it. Well, I'll tell you want to get to hell of a lot less harmful
No
I'm just saying that members these are the same guys that all spent one day in front of a congressional committee
And they all said that nicotine is not addictive
Yeah
And so I just thought that you know
Of course they were not prosecuted by the justice department because they're all CEOs of
You know nature corporations and that's the way that's the American way and so
I you know, I just think that the guy they called before he has it all wrong these tobacco companies. I'll go
They'll sell anything you know of course. It's the world is a business
It's exactly like the guy said in network the world is a business Mr. Biel and it is that's right everything
Yeah, that's what it's all about. Yeah, I mean just like if you didn't have good ratings you wouldn't make them good money
You better believe it man and so I have a shameless request. Yes, sir
For my son is 19 is so freaking you got it all right, don't make sure he covers his ears though
I was 19 like I said ever great day. You're an American pal make sure he sticks his finger in at least one ear
Because this is America we have to be repressed and uptight
About everything except guns
Hit that bad just keep that in mind, okay, that's right
And don't even think about penis
How's he doing by the way 21 before 11 at 5 60 WQ way I'm like
Is that thing real
Listen to me. This is stand by and steam for so freaking understand where everything is held to the high
So freaking standards the selection isn't just huge. It's so fucking huge believe me
You'll never shop anywhere else and so freaking prices aren't just low. They're so fucking low
You'll never find them anywhere else listen to me when I say so freaking as a beautiful store
I mean so freaking beautiful and I can't help it helpful. I mean so fucking helpful listen to me
Get to know the sofa king and enjoy a selection that's so fucking huge a staff at so fucking
Curtis and prices that are so fucking low you'll never shop anywhere else
But don't take it for me take it from satisfied custom of frank and Stein
So fucking good
You set a fronkey sofa king good
1044 560 WQ way and by the way made a mistake made a mistake before I went away
It's the first mistake I made about 50 years. He said come back in these vacations
God called and was talking about the
Not season he said that I was the guy who's general thrust was that the atheist and the ones always killing everybody and of course
They've been plenty of you know the
Russians and the Chinese
You have to only kill their own people that's not the point. They slaughtered millions and millions of people
So there have been but again that had nothing to do with religion that had to do strictly with suppression and with politics
Which everything including religion is politics
business
And I made a comment that the nazi certainly weren't atheist that they were good Catholics and they were not Catholic
And I'm reading this book the Hitler's Pope
By John Cornwell about Pope pious the 12th it was a just that obnoxious subhuman hateful miserable bigoted piece of crap who fit perfectly into the church by the way
And it refreshes my memory and George calls them the Aryan Christians which you know you can call them that but they were Christians except for Hitler in
Guarang and the goblins and him learn a few of those who were just crazy people
And the other reason that they hated the Catholics was not because of the fact that they would have to do with religion or religious interpretation
But because of the fact that the Catholic central party was the leading political party
They most the biggest party that they nazi the national socialist party had overcome and subdue which they did with the cooperation of Pope pious the 12th
Eugene O'Pachelli
Yeah Eugene O'Pachelli what a wonderful Italian boy huh Eugene O'A
Here's a nice Nazi over here
Give him some pasta
And anyway you read this book and you just you just want to scream you don't want to you just want to hop right off the plane bus to window
We'll just hop right out oh and by the way speaking of that
Speaking of that we don't want to offend the Arabs anymore. Do we do the Egyptian no George is good friend the Arab
Yeah, you notice how that story has changed 600 times and now we don't hear too much about it at all
About the Egyptian airliner crash and well
He said this and he said that it's kind of like that thing in the godfather too
It was between the brothers remember was between the brothers. Yeah. Oh, yeah
They told me to say uh, so I said yeah, whatever you want sure down Corollion he did this and down Corollion
He did whatever you want sure I
Did no no the godfather. I was in the olive oil business with his father
Right same thing with this thing all the Egyptians don't want us to say that it was a
Suicide that this guy killed all these people. Okay, we won't say we didn't really hear that in the first place
Now we're listening to it again
Now we got some good interpreters those were the evil empire interpreters now we got the good interpreters
Who don't dislike the Egyptian so much they're going to give us a different spin on this thing of course the plane
It ain't going to be spinning anymore because it already crashed but they're going to give you a different spin
We have to be politically correct not just internally, but with the whole world less do you offend anybody
What's your bull crap
Here's a mobile in candle. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yeah, sir. Thank you
I
I thought you a couple weeks ago about the movie dogma and all they see here religion and all the
people causing such a stir while during your
Absence I had nothing to do with my time so my wife and I went and saw movie and
To be honest with you
People are nuts. There was a funny movie you reverent
I don't think anything was offensive in there my wife
Used to be Catholic she didn't find anything offensive about it and
You know perhaps they hit the one when you have George Carlin as a priest
Maybe that's a little evidence for people. I thought it was a riot and the people had just take the time to
Go and see what they're criticizing. I think they would
But those are always the ones that scream the loudest of the ones that haven't seen it
But they heard that it was very irreverent and they heard bad things and therefore don't go see it and it's disgusting
Well, you know where the way it is
They also draw more attention if they didn't do anything right that movie is only rated like two and a half stars
Not the greatest movie in the world. Mm-hmm people people would go they'd see it
They tell their friends and those you know it's just ridiculous
They give more PR to the movie
Then it's worth yeah, I'll sure you never even go to see it if it wouldn't have been for all the hoopla
Absolutely
Okay pal
I'll pray for you and your wife
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line boys sure hope we get a call to the other
Out of town line they may yank it right out especially after I do this expose
877 7 8 5 6 3 4 5 don't let me forget to come back to this book Hitler's Pope later on and a couple of things that I want to read especially is attitude
We know they is attitude about the Jews, you know
But is attitude about blacks and the black soldiers that the French were using the African soldiers
Don't let none of those black those darkies here at a Rome after the war, you know, we don't don't forget him in the here
So one thing about Pope Pius he was at least an equal opportunity basher
He didn't pretty much like anybody
877 7 8 5 6 3 4 5 is that line nine working now? Maybe they pulled it out. That sounds like it's working to me
George Haley was loaded with calls in that line last week from Poukipsi in Peoria and
No, I think I got two calls. Oh, yeah on a on a big 800 line. I mean from actually out of town
I'm talking about the book. Oh, that's who that don't count
We're talking heavy duty man. We're talking all over the world
Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach. Hello. Hey, God. Yes, sir
Well, why didn't you answer my prayers man?
for
Well
Just to ask you if you didn't answer my prayers for winning the lotto and that kind of stuff
I've been praying to you. Yeah, Neil. I'm glad you're back. Yes, sir. I hope you had a good time great
Not to be a title tale and George did a great job, but did you hear yourself curse?
I just got through saying that he told me about that
It was funny. You say did I hear myself curse? Yeah, I was an Amsterdam on the internet listening to the tapes of the show
Or listening to George doing the show listening to the tapes of the commercials. Yeah, I heard myself Kirk come on sir
Get with it. Get some. I was being sarcastic. Okay. Okay. No, I've listened to you. I don't piece sarcastic
I've listened to you for 20 years and that was the most funniest thing I have for her to say. It's so funny though
Well, I'll try it again. You get about it 40 share
It was great. Yeah, Neil. I'm glad you had a great time and glad you're home safe and
Keep up the good work and have a great life
I do watch out for that fn. Um, let's mottumbo whatever's name is
Well, I'm sorry, but names like that just send me what kind of a goddamn name is that anyway?
I'm a picky you'd the gumbo uh, uh, shure whatever's name was shorts
What the hell is that?
567 05 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line and we're still still waiting on that toll-free line
877 785 5345 I'm not giving out this big scantler till I see that line in the smoking
Because this is too god damn important just to keep it here in town. This has to be worldwide
Just to protect the innocent unsuspecting investors out there from the want of beesleaves and the latest scant that they got up their sleeve the scam
lifters
How's that line nine doing
God dammit
Here's for a lottery. Hello
Yes, sir any other you do it. Okay. Did you watch Fox News last night? No, I did not okay
There's a show called the full milk and I've never seen it before last night was the first time I uh, I saw it and they had um
Had a panel of people uh, this one guy's name was Leo. I think if I think it was Kattrel
He was a big black civil rights activist. Mm-hmm. This guy if you were he reminded me a lot of like Jesse Jackson
But even worse even worse
He um if you did not agree with him first of all he went crazy and he and he's he's supposedly some well-known civil rights
leader and
He just said one of the most disgusting things. There's a reverent another another black guy a reverent
I can't in in uh in comp uh
South Central LA
Yeah, said that the blacks need to stop
relying on excuses and blaming the white man and and thinking they're not part of America because they'll never
Seed as a people to keep thinking this way
And the Leo guy this black
This black guy said goes on and says that guy's an hypocrite he is the
I was just Leo the caprio no, this is a black no this guy was black. Oh
And uh and he started he got really really mad. It was just it's just so true though
I mean
These black people need to get off their own asses and they need to stop blaming the white man in America as
In general and he to start treating women like human beings instead of this goddamn
horrendous sexist attitude man beaten their bitch and all this other crap man
The way that black men treat black women
I realize this is a generalization, but it's 99% true
The way that women are treated in the black community is disgusting and unacceptable
And it's about time people like Jesse Jackson started to open up a mouth about that
Yeah, it's true. I mean they have all these black guys have their own god damn agenda
And by the way Lawrence Phillips cut by the 49ers. Oh, oh, thank god
Did you hear what happened to that black guy?
He shot the guy in the
His pregnant girlfriend. Yeah, Ray Karuth. Right. What a psycho. Yeah, I mean
And then the coach from the Carolina Huracun says oh well, of course
We're very sad at the way that this has turned out like what what does that mean? You know
You have the wrong sports Carolina Panthers and Hurricanes is hockey. Oh whatever. They wouldn't make no difference. All right
You know Huracun's fit in better. Okay, have a great day very good. This guy's right on top of it
I don't like that. I couldn't even make a slip up with that. I thought the Panthers were hockey too
Right the panthers hockey. Uh-huh something like that. See they got they ran out of names
They got so many expansion teams now they ran out of names you got your football Huracun's and your hockey Huracun's
And you got your Panthers here and your Panthers there air all over the goddamn because they went out of names
Wait till Geneva has the goddamn loved dolphins
Look at this phone baby. I'm Tony man. It's always rewarding to come back. I got my check in my pocket
5 6 7 0 5 6 8 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line
Here's a call from Naples on that bad line. Hello. Yeah, buddy
Yes, sir. Yeah, does this have anything to do with the beastlies offering stock? Yes
To the public. Yes. Oh my goodness. Yeah, desperate. It's a desperate move to try to raise money for a a desperate company
Oh, I can't even put God them
Carpening down on the floors out here
That's right and why I see you look out right. I gotta go. Okay
There you go. That takes care of our calls nice being back with you. We'll see you
Radio group to go public. I mean like I told you this is told to me a couple weeks ago by Greg Reed on a QT
He always tells me stuff on a QT and then two days later. It's in the newspaper
And as if I'm gonna invest any of my hard earned money and beasley stock. No, I don't want to be asley stock at any price. No
Beasley family seeks a hundred and fifty million dollars
Want to stop float is largest radio station operators hopes to raise a hundred and fifty million dollars
Through a public offering of stock
We're gonna get a hold of my good friend Ted David at CNBC. I'm gonna go on the internet. I'm gonna post warnings
I'm going back to Europe. I'm going on the train. I'm gonna go to every goddamn town
I'm gonna go everywhere I can on the face of the earth and post warnings public warnings do not buy stock with a want to beasley
There are a bunch of scam artists
That's right and wait till I get to the rest of the article here, which I will momentarily about all the money that they're losing as in losing their ass
See the other radio companies their stock is going through the roof you want to know why because they run business like real business people
And because they're making a fortune
See generally speaking you want to buy a company stock when they're making money not when they're losing their ass
Not when they're specialty is mismanagement
And bogus golf tournaments stuff like that. Yeah
1056 at 560 WQM
Jim Mandage toss four rackets right here a sports radio 560 QAM
And
You
You
I'm strong.
I'm also so failed, right?
What?
What broke up your rancid side?
What, you kind of died?
You were so brave, right?
You just got to be failed, right?
What?
Oi!
It's cruel, eh?
You'll be the pit job, bang to nine.
I smack your hand and bruise up your body the way you like.
Screw that in.
You get my bone, your long and strong.
It's guaranteed, but in two-hooker hands,
no fair if it's wrong.
You've not been to wise.
You just beat my side.
It's kind of the treason.
You know how to do it right.
Now they take with no jigs as I.
Go!
Let them go to it five sixty-two.
I'll tell you this is usual up to hell.
Welcome back.
Look at this.
One call on the board.
It's on line nine.
It's from Fort Myers.
Fort Myers, hello.
Fort Myers, yeah.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I left that place a few years ago and happy to get the hell out of there.
This is a place of death.
I can smell it already.
I've been here for one hour after a great vacation.
I feel like I'm talking to myself again.
There are no living and breathing people here, sir.
This is a dead place.
It's kind of slow over here, too, but at least you can breathe.
Hey, I got a question.
When I left, you were on the wonderful island of dreams.
And Hank had left and you used to talk about him like poison like fat Hank pissed at Hank.
Did you guys have a tip and you've made up because you're still well living now?
When you're working on opposite stations, you do that.
When you're working together, Hank and I never dislike each other.
Oh, okay.
We get along fine.
We get along great.
Okay.
Hey, stay on the religion, man.
It's great.
The people need to know it.
Yeah, they need to know it.
I'm going to tell you.
Have a great day, pal.
I'm really going to change the world.
All right.
No.
I'm going to change their mind.
No, they don't give a crap.
No, well, what's the point?
Well, let's just face the music here.
Let's face the facts that were reduced to like one or two calls a day.
I'll play some music.
I'll come in and do my little stick for 15 minutes.
And that's it.
This place is as dead as a guy.
It's like a gigantic prune.
It's shriveled up.
It's dead.
You can feel it.
You can smell it.
God.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
What's up, man?
Not much.
Hey, welcome back, buddy.
Yeah.
All right.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
That's it.
There's our whole new contribution to the show.
Welcome back, buddy.
Yeah.
Nice to have you back, baggett.
Okay.
That takes care of our calls.
Radio groups that go public.
Beasley family, $650 million.
This story is so unbelievable.
I would really get excited about it.
If I thought anybody cares.
Did they care?
No.
Beasley Broadcast group.
The Naples based family from the controls.
Roughly 17% of the sound-floater radio market.
Found for the offering with the SEC this week.
Beasley is the 16th largest radio organization in the country.
Primarily focused on three major metropolitan areas.
Atlanta, Philadelphia and South Florida.
It's South Florida owns WQA.
I'm known for its programming of local pro sports teams.
WPOW, Power 96 Dance Music Station.
Market of Dispower.
And I think they target the young more urban audience.
And KISS, also known as KISS Country.
As KISS, Bracko, this.
Beasley's broadcasting founder George Beasley is well known locally.
And was once taught as a potential bidder for the Florida Marlins.
The team was later sold to financier John Henry.
Earlier this year, WQM sued the team saying that this handling of its world championship team harmed the station.
Found in a 1961 Beasley seeks to cluster groups of radio stations in certain markets.
In order to maximize revenue and cash flow.
These stations offer a variety of formats, including urban, contemporary, hit radio and country music.
After completing pending acquisitions in Atlanta and Augusta, Beasley will own and operate 32 stations, including 21 FM and 11 AM and 7 markets in the Eastern US.
Based on 1998 revenue, Beasley makes it the country's 16th largest radio broadcasting company, which is just said in the article here two paragraphs ahead.
16 out of what?
With their 20 left, 18, 17.
Beasley, the company's founder, chairman and chief executive, has more than 35 years of experience at a radio broadcast business according to registration statement filed with the SEC.
Three of his children serve as president, chief financial officer and vice president of operations, sounds incestuous to me.
The family couldn't be reached for comment Friday.
Well, evidently, they only let him out on the weekend.
The company's net revenue increased.
Wait till now, here's the most important part.
Okay?
The company's net revenue increased to $67.5 million for the first nine months of this year, from 59.7 million one year earlier.
Beasley's pro-formal loss, adjusted to reflect taxes the company would have paid if organized as a corporation, widened to $6 million during the first nine months of 1999 from the 4.7 million one year earlier.
Now do you understand why you don't get your bonus?
Now do you understand why we're taking seven years to do a seven day project out here on this third floor that now is like since I left a week and a half ago is now like 10 steps behind where we were because of Noah and the flood.
Beasley in prior years is operated as a series of partnerships and S corporations under the IRS code in conjunction with the IPO.
The company is reorganizing to operate as a standard corporation that can tell stock rhymes with schlock.
The company will use some of the proceeds from the stock sale to repay borrowings under a bank credit line.
Some of the funds will also be devoted to the repayment of money borrowed from George Beasley.
Underwriters for the stock sale will include credits we spruced for Boston and Bank of America securities.
The class eight shares will receive one vote each and class be shares will get ten votes each.
Let me say it again, we'll use some of the proceeds from the stock to repay borrowings under a bank credit line.
Remember those bankers that were in here about a year and a half ago and were all the meetings going on and they were here and there and they were desperately trying to get some cash so that they could take this three day project out here on the third floor which is still on not what.
It's about two years and finally completed. Is there any closer to completion? It's a toilet.
And these people want you folks out there to buy their stock to which I say you got to be crazy. That's right.
That's what you'd be saying the first day that you're bought one share of that stock.
I must be crazy. I must be nuts.
I'm not going to run this company. Radio broadcasting stocks are very hot and make no mistake about it.
But like I said, that's because most radio broadcasting companies that these monopolies that the government has given them are making a fortune. They're cleaning up.
But beasley. I must be crazy. I must be nuts.
How do you like that? How many would they would lost another couple of million in the first quarter if it wasn't for this show?
So nice going boys and like I said, you just keep going out there and making those deals and give it all the money to John Henry and Wayne High Penga.
They're losing their ass up in Philadelphia and WIP but they're all slok sports radio losing a rast.
So let me just say it again. Buy or be where? Be where? Get on the horn to my friend Ted David at CNBC.
Get on the internet post the warning to everybody around the world that the beesleaves are a bunch of wannabees.
These is what they are. That's right.
Who don't pay their bills? Who don't pay the bonuses on time? Who can't get a simple construction project out of your dumb because they can't pay the contractor?
Because they're like track. There is a phantom operation here. Phantom fantasy land.
You've heard of fantasy baseball. We got a fantasy radio station here.
And I have a feeling based on these numbers here that I'm seeing with all this loss that they're taking.
But probably there's one thing in common. There's one thread that runs consistent throughout the chain.
Bad management. Oh my god. How do you like that?
Oh my god.
Yeah, I couldn't be wrong.
Mom and pop radio. Like somebody I don't want to mention George's name because I'd like to see him get that bonus.
But like somebody told me the first week that I came into down there on the second floor you're in half ago.
It's all two years ago.
The mom and pop radio station.
But did you call it a mom and pop something?
I don't remember that.
Exactly. But that's exactly what it is. It's unbelievable.
So you go ahead and buy that stock. Okay?
Don't be 50 dollars.
You'll be my guest. I'll pass.
9 minutes after 11 5 6 7 0 5 50.
Boy, I tell you if this is the way it's going to be the first day back this first Monday back.
I realize it's right after the Thanksgiving holiday.
It times are really tough.
But boy, I'm telling you if I'm going to have to see this is the problem.
I get all refreshed, get energized. 9 week baking, 9 day vacation.
And I come back and I see you spend up all the energy that I've got build up on the first day trying to get a response here.
Out of these dead bastards.
Can you do it?
No.
No.
Man, are you people something?
Talk about a hard crowd.
Of course, I just left a hard crowd.
10 minutes after 11 5 60 W.K.Y.
Floridians, dumb as dirt.
You're a gentleman.
This is left over number five.
Oh, thanks.
I'm not a man.
This is a Christmas.
A little bit of ham on wrapped in farloos.
A little bit of jam and this deep pie.
He's in turkey sandwiches till I die.
This is a little bit of jam.
What will I do make a Honda got a love turkey soup?
A fridge is old fool that the door won't shut.
Turkey covers out of my butt.
11 16 and 5 60 W.K.Y.
After the doors, you know what I'm talking about.
Thank you.
And the door opens a moment to go and Greg Reed comes rushing in here breathlessly.
The lawyers are calling and we can't talk about this because we're in a quiet period.
And the FECC, we can't talk about it.
But I already did talk about it.
So plus it's in the newspaper.
But it's a quiet period.
I noticed that.
Look at the phone.
It's real quiet.
Where in the newspaper would that be if somebody wanted to do them?
It was in Saturday's business section.
They already told it right on the front page.
But it's quiet.
It's a quiet period.
You see, I don't understand what that means.
If they can put it in the newspaper, but I can't talk about it.
But I think I already said everything I have to say anyway.
Did I?
Don't buy this back.
Okay, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
I could go home and get a guy that can't even soup can and cut off the top and the bottom and just talk to the guy like that and get a better response. I'm Tonya. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Good morning. Where is the US? Two things I'd like to talk about today very quickly. You were talking about the radio stations and the lack of bomb and pop stations. The FEC completely screwed the public and did a complete disservice to all of us. When they allowed these major corporations to buy as many
radio stations as they want. The case in Poland is here in Miami. You've got one company that owns several stations. They go out and buy these national contracts for these shows like Rush Limbop and Dr. Laura. And then they spread it on the airways and they deny the public of any kind of choice but what they can provide.
The mom and pop stations used to actually cater to small groups. I think it's despicable what the FEC has done.
The same government by the way that's coming down on Microsoft because they don't want monopolies. But what it comes to radio and TV, you can go out and buy up 90% of the stations in the same market and that's okay. That's not an apocalyptic.
The ironic part about this is that originally they did not allow ownership of more than I forgot what it was. It was 12 radio stations because they said it would be a monopoly.
And then they reversed themselves and they said, oh, no, by allowing them to buy more things for a market.
I said it then and I'll say it again now. This is the worst thing that ever happened for the listener, for the talent that works in the industry. The worst thing all the way around. I mean, the this government is just totally without any brains at all.
They're telling you about a big business.
Yeah. The other thing I wanted to mention is an article I saw in this morning's Harold about the panda bear, the thing or whatever they want.
They're doing a lot of the Lingling. They're giving or whatever. No, that was the other one. Sing, sing, Lingling. Well, who's saying one hung low? Whatever his name was. He's getting more coverage than these three kids that got shot in the Hollywood, by the way. Yeah.
Panda bears dead. Well, the point I want to make about 175 years old anyway. What the hell difference does it make?
The point I want to make about this though is I found it very ironical that this is the national zoo in Washington. Yeah.
They're talking about how they euthanize them because he was in such poor health and he had a disease liver and everything. Yeah.
And yet these hypocrites will not allow people to do the same courtesy to our elderly who are dying and entangling and agony. Yeah. Right.
Yeah. They're completely hypocrites. And by the way, animals occur in the human being in the story. By the way, they covered up the fact that they brought in Dr. Jack to apply the to put him the sleep. They covered that up.
Wow. I'm sure they're covering that police that cover up. But I'm talking to you that he's real. There I say the word assholes in Congress and then it's been it. Yeah.
So they have their heads so far. I'm surprised they'll come out there. Okay. Good luck. You have a good day. And I'll pray for it.
Quiet. Period. We're going to start whispering now. All the sports you can just your Hank whispering to. He's stupid. Yeah. We're going to be whispering because we're in a quiet period.
And the lawyers are calling everybody's frantic and Greg's running around scratching his ball spot scratching his balls.
That that that that that that that we have on the quiet period.
Five six, seven, oh, five, 60 pound, five, 60 on the AT&T line, eight, seven, seven, seven, eight, five, 60, three, four, five on a pull free line for everybody in the US of eight, seven, seven, seven, eight, five, 60, three, four, five.
Here's a mobile in for Lauderdale. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I have a little hypothetical situation for you here. Yes.
somebody over the weekend finds a little Haitian girl on a raft loading in the middle of the
Caribbean brings them to land finds out that the father kidnapped them from the mother back in
Haiti and the mother wants the baby back in Haiti. What do you do with that? Do you keep the baby
over here because things are so bad in Haiti? Patrick and your children came back to Haiti and
littered source and baseballs. I don't want to talk about Cuban's and Haitians, okay? I just
spent nine great days in a real country and a real city with real people. I don't want to come back
here. It's the same old tired song baby. It's the same old song.
Maricone, Maricone, Maricone, Maricone, Maricone, the same old crap.
Don't care. Not interested in both people, rubber raft people, not interested.
Call up a radio mom B. I'm sure they'll have a very healthy conversation and they'll probably
trace the call and fry your ass. 5, 6, 7, 05, 60. Oh my god, a mobile in Naples better grab it. Hello.
Hi, any idea what? Okay, sir. I just want to establish one thing. The bees is coming in
the front. One hundred and fifty. Can't talk about it, sir. When a quiet period,
when a quiet period can't discuss it, sir.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound five. I got some real good European music I brought back by the way.
West life, great group. George wouldn't like him. Foo fighters, you might like them. In fact,
you don't like the food fighters? No. We see that video. We're gonna fly. It's all right. All
those screeners on here. Oh, the food fighters are actually out here. Oh yeah, they've been
running a long time. Oh, okay, I said boring. 5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T line,
877, 785, 60, 345. Just taping me, giving the numbers out and then I can sit back and eat lunch
when it comes in. I'll just keep repeating the numbers. Yeah, that's that's the new deal.
Here's how it goes. We're in a quiet period. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes.
How are you, sir? Okay. Listen, I sound like Woody to me. No, it's not Woody. You said that
before to me. I had a little bit. Sounds just like Woody. Who's Woody? An asshole. Oh, well, no,
I'm trying to change the way you talk because you don't want to sound like an asshole. Okay,
well, okay, just having no, I'm not a way. Anyway, I don't know if you heard while you were
gone that the Cardinal Conny, he felt like he had a little collapse. No, I didn't know. Again,
during church? No. No. It's, I don't know. Maybe I think maybe God might have pushed him down.
Cardinal O'Connor fell down? Yes, they're in the mass. Yeah. Up and up there in New York. Yes.
So I'm just thinking, maybe God's telling them to sign, maybe sign them, you know,
hey, time for you to go. He gave me a little bit. Yeah, maybe it's getting close to that time.
You know, and also you can't hold these surgeries done and and and all this other crap done.
I mean, where's again the money? Is it a money that we're giving donate into the church and
what do you mean we, white man? What do you mean we? Who are you talking about? I don't give any
money to the church. Well, I'm a Catholic. Well, why do you keep giving money to the church?
Well, I don't give money to his church. No, no, no. Why do you keep giving money to the church
that uses the money to pay off the lawsuits for all the families with the abused altar boys?
Why do you keep giving the money? Well, I think I mean, come on. Why do you keep doing it, sir?
I don't know. Okay. Well, when you figure it out, call me back.
Or just give us the money. We'll take it.
All the way to quiet period. George and I are going to start a public offering right now.
Yeah, what's wrong with that? We'll do it quietly. It's in a quiet period. We're going to do it very
quietly. We don't want to raise 150 million. In fact, 15 million will be 1.5 million. Sounds pretty good
to me. I'll take 1.2. I'll give George 300,000. That sounds pretty good. You're incorporated, right?
There you go. I'm incorporated. I'm already, yeah. Yeah.
Good. Oh, my. Oh, we're in a quiet period. Or is that well, why don't you tell us that? Okay.
If you know it's in the newspaper, why don't you tell us that ahead of time? Bozo.
Oh, yeah. Neal's on the ear. But well, I wouldn't be on the ear. Blam. And if he told me that after
was in the newspaper, when they told me ahead of time, don't talk about it. I talk about it. No.
But when something comes out in the newspaper, I assume it's public information. It's common
knowledge of the one. Okay. Here's plantation. Hello. Neal. We told his ratings come on in a
couple of days. I think you're going to see a real quiet period. Yes, sir. Welcome back to the land
of the apathetic. This is unbelievable today. This is worse than before I went away. Well, listen,
you know, it's interesting. Somebody hit on a subject that should be near and dear to your heart.
And I think you should and everyone else should get agitated. And that is a medium and not
police situation. Yeah. Nobody cares about it. I don't know if you, well, we should. I don't
know if you read a bril's content. I don't. Okay. Well, no. It's kind of a media maven magazine.
But I know who he is. The main thing is that the, just what you were talking about, it's so scary.
In the latest issue, when you open up the center spread, it shows everybody's interrelated and
interlinked with everybody. Right. That's why there's no bad reviews. That's why it's, it's so
frightening. I couldn't believe when I was following the little arrows to time and warner and
this. That's right. It is frightening. Pretty soon it's going to be. They're all in bed together.
They're all on a big goddamn circular bed. And it's all about the money. It's all, I know it's
that's very tight, but it's all about the money because if something is good and yet it defends
or whatever it's off, it's pulled, it's done, it's finished, it's through, we don't get to see it
or read it or anything. Yeah. So it's pretty scary and it is a hell of a subject. But nobody cares.
Yeah. You're right. The one guy did call and talk a little bit about monopoly, but it's, it's,
it's worse than we think, really. But anyway, listen, I'm glad you had a great time. I forgot
where you went. Where'd you go? Amsterdam. Oh, fantastic. I'm going over to Switzerland in,
in March and I'm more hoping to maybe drop down into the top of Italy. I'm not sure where we'd go.
I know you're the Italian expert. I don't know what's good in North Italy to go visit.
Nothing. Oh, probably Milan for a day. All right. Cool. We're there too.
Well, welcome back anyway. Okay. All right, man. Thanks. Thanks.
5, 6, 7, 05, 6, 8. This is my last plea for any response on his phone today and then trust me
when I tell you it's going to be West life, no life, lost life. I'm serious. Well, what there's
it's a quiet period anyway. That's what I was just told right from the head out from the head cheese.
You can smell it. 1127, a QAN. It's a quiet period, George. This is 560 QAN.
Kim Mocaver talks sports. I'm supporting you 560 QAN.
We have my junior, honey. The legendary athlete, the extraordinary actor.
Now he debuts it is new action series. OJ Simpson-Syzin Miami Slides.
J. Jacky. Come on.
Juces lose. OJ Simpson is the worst cop named Bruno Mali because I meet streets of
Brentwood, California to the deadly streets of Miami, Florida. Listen to OJ Simpson's
ass-kicking cop dialogue. So where were you last night at 7 p.m.
Um, uh,
and to be fair, bitch, bitch, bitch, you're going to be a powerful Miami
Slides. I know J. Simpson has Sergeant Bruno Mali. The hard rough stuff's cop on duty.
But the loving dad are dad. Yes, dear. What happened to mom?
To be just dead. To be just dead. I feel the bitch. I'll get your room and do your homework.
Miami Slides. I know J. Simpson has Sergeant Bruno Mali.
On NBC this Saturday.
All bitch is loose.
It's 11.32.5.6.
W.F. What did I just get you talking about this thing in Black Culture in America
of treating women like subhuman garbage like channel.
Yeah, it a big thing. And then when they defend rap music or hip hop, which I'm sorry,
you shouldn't talk about rap music or hip hop.
And well, this is just the way it be in the black, in our, you know, in hood.
Well, but you don't understand. It's not supposed to be. It's unacceptable.
Oh, yeah, but we just stand it like it is in hood.
Well, but it's unacceptable like civilized people that you treat women like that.
And also, by the way, speaking of people being uncivilized, what is it?
The New Deal on the, the limo guy yesterday.
Juan Javier, whatever his name was. He was telling us that the New Deal with kids white kids is like gold teeth.
Which I wasn't even aware of that yet.
Because they had a piece on this morning about braces, you know,
braces are now a fashion statement. How do you like that?
Yeah. And I'm going to get some gold teeth.
Let's get some gold teeth, okay?
I have you to see that. And then you can't leave the house.
White kids now with gold teeth.
And see what I would like to know because I'm going to tell you this right off the bat.
You can do whatever you want. It's a free country to a point.
You just can't take tips on here. But other than that, you can do just about anything.
But these people of any age who deface their bodies, I mean,
those of us who already look about as bad as you possibly can,
they can't do too much about it. You know, we feel bad already.
But when you go to a point of making yourself look even more grotesque and unacceptable,
whether it's the rostle ox, you know, that look like they haven't been washed in a hundred years
with all kinds of families growing inside or the tongue post and all the other body person,
all I cramp. When you deface your body, when I see a guy who's got like a tongue post or like
17 loops hanging out of his eyebrow, you know what I said? He's an asshole.
That's right.
And what's going to happen by the way to these people who are permanently
disfiguring their bodies when it runs out of fashion? Huh?
They'll become outsiders. Oh yeah, that's right. Never thought about that.
Maybe they'll bring that movie back to outsiders with the C Thomas Hall. Do it.
Whatever the hell I movie was.
Remember that? That was pretty good.
God, what are people thinking about it? And the coast is showing like I've told you for a thousand
years how weak people are. One asshole comes along, puts a big post in the front of his nose.
All of a sudden 50,000 assholes come along. Oh, I want to look like that.
I want to be in. I want to be hit. I want to be cool.
Disgusting. So anybody got any gold teeth?
In a messenger.
I bet you that Pope Pius has probably found some good gold teeth there, huh?
In Rome. After you let him take away those thousands of Jews.
Here's Keeper's Game. Hello.
Hello, Neil. How you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
I want to ask you a couple questions.
My first question is, you guys still have any of those jet-soc t-shirts?
You guys still are still standing in your order?
No.
No? Okay, my second question is, I'm a 19-year-old kid, right?
And I go to St Thomas over there a little bit of North from here.
I'm going to keep this game.
Yes, sir.
And I want to tell you, I feel I'm in time of my life, right?
Where I'm trying to figure out whether or not there is a God or a woman.
You know what I'm saying?
No.
No.
And I saw my girlfriend got into an accident one day at night.
And I was in Mercy Hospital and it's a very religious-based hospital.
Yeah.
So I was standing in the emergency room for about nine hours.
No, the nurses running around going,
Mercy, Mercy, meet where they're standing.
No, sir.
I'm just curious.
And well, I saw one of the other things I've ever seen about man-made religion.
I was standing in the emergency room and I saw how do you say,
excuse me, I'm a little nervous.
I saw a picture of Mary holding a little baby Jesus.
Yeah.
Right?
And there was a little border which had stacks of pennies, dimes, and nickels,
little stacks of them.
And I just want to know what is the logic behind just having a little stack.
There could be more than three or four dollars.
I just want to know.
I want to know.
I want to know.
I want to know.
It's a lot of pain.
It's a symbol.
I want to make sure that you understand that religion is a business.
You always have to have cash around.
Who's going to go, what, someone comes around and collects that and then they help
they fill it up again?
Sure.
They make it look like there's only a few bucks but they keep coming around every
half hour and they keep probably doing five, six thousand a day.
Easy.
Tax-free.
I was just really sad to see that it was a side site.
Well, that's what it's all about man.
It's all a business.
It's a fraud.
Like the beastlies.
It's a fraud.
All right, you have a great day.
And back to you, sir.
Thank you.
Okay.
It's all a fraud folks.
There's no heaven.
There's no bevel.
There's no afterlife.
There's no lake of fire.
There's no gender.
Well, there is a Geneva like that's about it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the AT.
I guess I'm the only one in the audience.
It's where the Hitler's Pope, the book about Pope Pius XII and the
disgusting crap about him and Pius X and most of the other Pope's too, by the way.
And this whole crooked guy named corrupt institution.
And then we get this.
What a great caller that was before that guy saying,
oh, where's that money going?
A cardinal icon or a...
The money that we were giving, he said.
Oops.
He thought he was in the confessional booth again, I guess.
The money that we're giving.
I said, what do you mean we?
Jack Ball?
He can't stop.
See, that's the idea.
They indoctrinate you and then it becomes like habit.
It becomes part of your life.
You just keep giving because that well only your talk,
that's what you're supposed to do.
Even though you know it's going for corrupt purposes,
to a bunch of corrupt god damn bastards,
phony, siphagrids, etc.
We have to keep giving.
Here's a mobile and boi-in-beach.
Mobile and boi-in-beach.
Okay, here's a mobile implantation.
Hello.
Beel.
Yes, sir.
Oh, glad you're back.
Which I could check the same, man.
After you hear this story, I'm driving 10 minutes ago.
I'm driving down Flamingo Road near Griffin.
Yeah.
And the police put up a barricade.
And I'm thinking there's an accident.
From the wife.
Go ahead.
No.
Sir, are you speaking?
Are you, are we having conversation or what?
What just happened to this guy?
Okay, he just vanished.
He just died.
Here's a mobile and lake worth.
Hello.
Neil, I think the police got him.
Yeah, but evidently, yeah.
They probably just came and took him away.
You had a perfect idea and you just missed it.
I think you know, Roger's ink.
I think I think you're still a lot of stock.
And then you can have your own little quiet period and you do care.
Yeah, that's right.
It gets a three or four million dollars.
It's just a year sounds good to me.
Exactly.
Thank you.
Okay, thank you.
Yeah, I think that's what we're going to do.
It's a quiet period now.
So we can't talk about it too much, but we want your money.
Okay, it's quiet though.
So we can't talk about it too loud.
Roger, now I would like your money.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T.
Let me say it again in a real business.
When something like this shows up in the newspaper,
a memo comes up first thing in the morning, right?
Informing the people that work here, those of us on the air,
since we do spontaneous radio four hours a day,
all of us five days a week.
That even though this is public knowledge,
now it was in the newspaper and whatever,
that would be based on the SEC.
But well, whatever the deal is, okay?
And even a big mock like yours truly would do the same thing
that I've done the last two or three weeks since I've known about this.
I would keep my mouth shut for a while.
And then I'd come on and say the same thing.
I did this morning.
But no, then they put it, then they put me in a position like,
oh, there he goes again, or no, put up a big mouth.
When you don't tell us, we don't know.
You know what I'm saying?
We don't know.
Asshole.
21 till noon.
This is 5.60 QAF.
I just built an imprint.
Go to www.qam.com
for all the latest dolphins information in your case
who in great crisis playing beat the broadcaster.
420560WQA now.
Why are you airing shit like this?
Well, I had communion and my hands just started bleeding.
This man suffers from the consequences of what some might call a civilized religion.
Stigmoda, an affordable breeding hole in the palms of the hands,
resulted from a sacrificial blood vessel.
Hello, I'm Kippadata for the fight against Stigmoda.
Now a lot of you don't got a bottle of it.
In case you don't want a Stigmoda bottle in your
refrain from adjusting the body or blood of anybody.
Or you may never play handball again.
Stigmoda, it's the Duprin.
16 till noon at 5.60 WQM.
Here's a call from Sunnyvale, California.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil, I was in Fort Myers Monday to buy some property.
I flew down and I listened to your sister station
over there 7.70 a.m. or something like that.
And they had something in the morning where they had a
dunk tank.
They were raising money for turkeys and all this.
And they had one of the bee's leaf boys actually over there
who was going to sit in the tank and blah, blah, blah.
He was so cheap.
He had scounded with like $100.
Then the guy Joe or whatever's name was on the radio
confronted and said, hey, you got $100 you talked about.
And he said $1.50.
I don't carry that kind of money with me.
So I mean, now I understand who you're dealing with.
I have no idea before.
Sheep is bastard on the face of the earth.
God bless you.
Just hold on and I'm hanging on man.
By the minute by minute.
Something all happened.
I was counting like month by month and then it was kind of like week by week.
Now it's second by second.
That's right.
You take care man.
And back to you.
Okay, there we go from Sunnyvale California.
They're notorious even out there.
They know how cheap these bastards are.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on a 18.
And we had a woman caller today.
No.
We had one lady nice enough to call say,
she knew hope you had a nice vacation.
Welcome back.
Sure nice to have you back.
No, they're just our known nice people here.
That's the problem.
Never did I was going over to list you know,
South out Cohen and Joe Resoli.
What did I get up to about eight?
We got about eight nice people here.
Other than that man, they're miserable.
They're rotten.
They're just nasty.
Take a look at the faces.
Go up to sunrise.
Drive around in sunrise.
Look at the putems on those people.
They look like they'd rather blow your brains up
and shake your hand and say,
hey, have a nice day.
Here's a mobile in four-letter deal.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
This is Jamie, your lemon driver.
How are you doing?
Okay.
Just calling to say welcome.
Thank God that George is not talking about
our plateaus anymore.
Yeah, that don't speak making shots at George, okay?
You ever use that line yesterday when you dropped us off?
Oh, I did.
I'm sorry.
Yes, sir.
So how's it going?
It's very bad.
Where's the worst possible?
You had a great time when you did.
I did have a great time.
Then I came back here.
Now you want to know.
And now you can tell the public what I said
when we're in the car about halfway home.
And I looked around and I said,
what the hell are we doing here?
Is that what I said?
Yes, you did.
Yes, I did.
I'm trying to avoid you.
Now I'm putting you in this radio station today
and I'm thinking to myself,
as I'm begging and pleading for somebody to speak to.
I'm thinking, what the hell am I doing here?
Well, I just want to welcome you back to the radio
and I'm trying to avoid some road debris here
and Michigan plates too.
Okay.
Thanks a lot, Neil.
And George says don't act like a Puerto Rican.
Okay, I won't.
Okay, I'll read it out.
Or goaltees.
See you.
Yeah, he's the guy who was telling me about the kids
with their goaltees.
One of your people.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
That world famous lab where we just had a call
from California.
Here, right with on the calendar.
On November 29th.
Oh.
Today when these people are too busy for,
oh, here's a lady in Margate.
Hello.
Lady in Margate.
Good morning.
Yes, ma'am.
Good to have you back.
Sure.
I listen to you every morning.
Uh-huh.
And the time goes by quickly when I listen to you.
Oh, I wish I could take the same.
You have a lot of hours to make.
It feels like I've been back for six months.
I don't want you to feel that way.
You have a lot of listeners.
Not everybody calls them though.
Nobody calls.
This is the new deal.
Not the last, the last three weeks.
It's a new deal.
We just won't speak to you anymore.
Okay.
We enjoy making you suffer.
Oh, I don't buy that.
They do.
They love it.
Well, it's good to have you back here.
Well, thanks for joining us.
Yeah, I'm in a tougher with us.
Thanks.
All right.
See you.
Bye-bye.
Well, she was very nice.
And here's lunch from Atlantic City Sub.
So how do you like that?
Let's say her hair is a good friend over there.
Well, did you see duck just opened the door?
That was nice.
That was good.
Good work, Duff.
Duff just opened the door for the guy to brought lunch.
Thank you very much, sir, from Atlantic City Sub.
Yeah, Duff is a new door boy.
Oh, right.
I don't want to tell you where.
What's the line nine?
What's the number again?
What's the quiet period?
Don't talk about it.
8777.
I mean, that had to be...
I can't say it was the dumbest thing I've ever been told
because every time that Greg Reed says anything to me,
it's always the same.
It's always...
Eeeeeeeeh!
Dumb!
Dumb!
Don't come in here in the middle of the show and tell me about this.
Tell me ahead of time.
I saw this man in Bluff's office this morning,
a half hour before I come out of here.
Does he say anything to me about this?
No!
Maybe he hoped that I hadn't seen this in the newspaper.
I guess what, Greg?
I don't miss too much.
I don't miss much.
I've seen it.
And by the way, because I'm a fair person,
I just want to tell you.
And George, of course, is always ripping his mother and ass,
which is a horrible thing.
I can't imagine anybody ripping his mom.
Mod did a great job this time.
The house was impeccable.
Even my little dog, Gene, is way back.
So if you got anybody that's emissated in the family,
if Ma could have just met Karen Carpenter,
Karen would still be singing her songs today.
Which may or may not be a good thing.
Got my dog back up to his normal weight.
He looks great.
Both dogs are doing fantastic.
The house is immaculate.
Nice going, Ma!
Incredible.
Seriously, for me to come on here and say something nice about my mother,
she must have done a great job.
Nice going, Ma.
See you again someday.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes?
Neil?
Yes, sir.
How you doing this morning, for the first time long time.
I was just wondering if you had heard about the receiver for Carolina,
that did the drive by shooting a pregnant girlfriend?
Yes, I did.
We should take a, we should hang them on Channel 4, 7 and 10
and have a great sense just host the event.
You noticed by the way, how I get no response.
This thing I brought up about the way Black people treat women.
Black culture in America.
This is a very, I mean,
the guy to call the fourences, oh well, you know,
monopoly is that's a great topic.
It's not a great topic.
There's nothing to say about it.
Most of us don't like it and there's nothing to say.
You know, it's not going to go away.
That's just a crappy, the world is a business.
But as far as the way people treat women
and this obnoxious thing in Black culture,
where women are treated like subhuman scumbags,
this is not acceptable.
And a pregnant woman.
Exactly.
And a guy who's got money.
Right.
I see you're right.
Hang his ass right there on Channel 7.
Yes, sir.
Let Rick Sanch has squat over the body for 24 hours.
Great day, pal.
You too.
Thank you.
I read it, sir.
Thank you for reminding me of that.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line at 877-785-6345.
Lunch is here now, baby.
That's all I care about.
Got my paycheck, a big fat one in my pocket,
and a paycheck too.
Oh, you must be a drug addict.
You must go there for, you know,
something I am a drug addict.
Does that make you feel better?
Even though I'm not, I'm going to say that.
I want to put it in the newspaper.
Neo-Rodges is a drug addict who goes to Amsterdam
five times a year to do drugs.
Do you believe that?
No.
That'll satisfy some of those naysayers out there.
Some of these people would know how to have a good time
if they put them in the middle of paradise for 20 years
with no restrictions whatsoever.
They still wouldn't have a good time.
You know people like that.
Oh, look at that.
That's a beautiful thing.
WDQA and we're doing lunch.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi, I would like to speak to me.
What is this?
Is this a lady?
Yes.
Dorothy.
Oh, hi, Dorothy.
Hello.
This is Neil.
I picked you up cold, Dorothy.
Because George is brought lunch in here.
Oh, hi, Neil.
I just wanted to let you know that we
I didn't have the Winston towers.
Yes.
And we have a group
that we don't sound like Dorothy.
To me, it sounds like Phil Henry doing a voice as well.
No, no.
I'm Dorothy Swartz.
Yes.
Okay.
We listen to you every
one.
We like Phil Henry doing Dorothy doing Margaret.
No.
You know Margaret?
No.
Okay.
But we listen to you every morning.
Does this sound like Margaret?
Hi.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
And we have a little group
and we do our exercise.
Oh, hi.
And then I go up to the room
and I take my medication
and I open the window and I go,
Oh, hi.
Hi.
Hi.
We love you over here, Neil.
Okay.
Thanks, Dorothy.
Okay.
Say hi to Margaret.
Okay.
Goodbye.
Okay.
This Bob Green doing the Margaret.
Who are you kidding, Bob?
Okay.
You're not kidding anybody.
We know about that Swing Club, too, by the way.
George tells all.
Yeah, he told me about the disgusting things
you were doing in there.
With yourself.
5, 6, 7, 05.
Well, who else would touch him?
You know, let's face it.
I mean, he's not a bad guy.
Not me.
He's okay.
But really gross.
He makes me look good.
Bob, he's schmootsy.
Really schmootsy.
Then he looked, uh, schmootsy.
He's kind of like a slim-algo oldstein.
And on that, you know,
like a thinner,
what I tell you,
here's Bob Green right on the phone.
I would just one call us soon.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
05, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Thanks for taking my call, Neil.
Welcome back.
Thanks for making your call, Neil.
Oh, that was it.
Okay.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hey.
Yes, sir.
Welcome back.
And how much are we up for with it, Ben?
If we put that 15%
the gratuity charge on French Canadian.
Old news, sir.
Old news.
President Lincoln's got a bad headache.
Okay.
Don't want to hear about it.
Old news.
I mean, I was gone for 10 days.
There are all these different things
that are going on now.
Here's a guy that wants to report Taitoni again.
Okay, leave Taitoni alone.
We're talking about why black men treat their women like crap.
Why do they have such nasty anti-woman attitudes?
It's unacceptable as what it is.
That's right.
It's going to stop right now, God damn it, isn't it?
No.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
05, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's a mobile in Kendall.
Hello.
Oh, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Oh, welcome back, my God.
Yes, sir.
Oh, my God.
Listen, I want to throw you a little bit of a log.
This is just desperate today, man.
I know I can hear it.
I wouldn't waste this on any mother.
Oh, sorry.
I'm just jumping in my car.
I don't know if you had spoken about the little 12-year-old boy.
But if you've been done, it is right.
We can't talk about it.
Sir, let me say it again.
I don't want to talk about it.
Don't want to talk about it.
Not interested.
You get it?
You get it?
No.
Oh, let me say it again.
Not interested.
Tired of hearing about Cubans and Haitians and Puerto Ricans
and Nicaragua.
People are people, OK?
You roll over there like I just came back.
Everybody, all different kind of people from all over the world.
You ask where the hell do you come from?
No, nobody cares.
Nobody gives a crap.
Nobody's running around with a goddamn Cuban flag,
a Puerto Rican flag, an American flag.
Nobody cares.
Unless it's some kind of a goddamn soccer game
or some kind of an ethnic festival of some kind.
Other than that, people are just people.
I am so sick and tired of hearing both sides of this,
the professional Cubans and the professional Cuban haters.
I don't want to ever hear about it again.
Ever.
Nossy it advice.
That's one of the main problems
that there are so many.
One of the biggest problems with this town.
It's like a one-note Charlie.
Same old tired crap.
If you come back 50 years from now,
they'll still be going the same.
Tired old crap.
I just don't want to hear about it.
OK, sir?
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Welcome back.
Thank you, Sherry.
Yeah, actually I got to say George did a good job
in George listening to him.
And a ton of calls is what I hear.
Yeah, well, it's good.
I didn't have to get my smoke in.
Yeah, I didn't have to get my weekly issue
or monthly issue of high time.
So you took care of us on the word
of what was going on around town.
But what you're saying about the black men
then they're a typical behavior towards women.
Yes.
The way they've totally glorified treatment like objects.
What's more confusing to me
than how they can do that with a straight face
is these girls that eat it up.
Yeah, because they've been conditioned to that
because they believe that this is the way
that they're supposed to be treated.
Oh, man, it's scary.
Man, it really makes me realize I got to get up
the hell out of this town.
I got to go to a white town to find somebody.
A white town?
What do we, where is that?
I don't know.
I don't think they exist anymore.
Didn't even the New York.
Yeah, right?
Well, let me ask you.
They're learning are they treating you
like a black woman?
Is that the problem?
What does that mean?
What does what?
The black man said that women have no,
they have no self-esteem.
Are you a woman?
They're totally bought into it.
Yeah.
Is it worldwide?
Do you see this in Amsterdam?
How does that affect you?
How does it affect me?
Because I can't look at these women
and actually be attracted to them
knowing that they're eating up all this crap
that these black men are feeding.
So start going and find some white women.
That's my suggestion, Jason.
Just like OJ said, go find some nice white women.
Four minutes till noon.
That's the quiet time at QAM.
This is 5.60 QAM.
Ed Chapman knows the scores.
Oh!
Starting his dance of the last team in.
Weeknight only on sports radio 5.60 QAM.
So we can see what he has.
My head is full of glory day.
And now it's revealing a day.
And technically he's denied.
He was dancing his fight.
He ain't revealing a day.
No.
Oh, right.
When I asked him those questions
that he couldn't answer about the world leaders,
he should have said,
some guys got to know us for news.
I got to know us for use.
It's a minute after 12 at 5.60 W.
QAM. Great lunch today from Atlantic City Sub.
So what are you going to hollywood?
The address is 3355 Sheridan Street in Hollywood.
And Scott Proman wants you to know that they got great party
platters for the holidays there for Christmas,
for Hanukkah, for New Year's, for the Millennium.
By the way, is the world coming to where I end yet?
No.
Pretty close.
And talk about money grabbers.
NBC of course is going to put that thing on there
to get everybody whipped up into a frenzy.
Even though they're going to put this claimers on there,
you know how many stupid jewelry idiots we have out there.
Eeeh!
Oh yeah, my god.
We better run to the ATM and get all our money out right now.
I'm sure that some of you out there are going to go running to your ATM
before the end of the year and pull up on a bunch of money out.
Second to us.
It's our quiet period.
Yeah, send it to me in George.
Yeah, we can talk about our attempt to raise 150 million.
What's wrong with that?
I'll split it with you.
Yeah, we'll even give five million to Joe Castello.
He's a good guy.
Anybody else in the building we give somebody to?
No.
Here's a mobile in four-letter deal.
Hello.
Hey.
I had to think about it for a few seconds.
Yes sir.
Yeah, when you were in Amsterdam,
the other juice by Boom Chicago.
Never heard of it.
Now it's a comedy show.
These guys from Chicago about three or four years ago came to Amsterdam
and you know,
it's like a place where you have dinner in the second
it's a comedy show.
But I didn't know if you had been there.
It's real hilarious if you ever get a chance to go.
You shouldn't stop in and see it.
Okay.
And I spent most of my time in the coffee shops in the banana bar.
Uh-huh.
So I'll see you.
Sounds like you had a good time.
Oh yeah, I did.
There you go.
It's wonderful.
Okay, let's go.
We got the damn right.
Okay, so you have the pot exchange.
Oh, the pot exchange.
Here it goes with that mirror one again.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
8, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, 63, 45.
That's a toll free call for Palm Beach
for the West Coast for all over the Atari,
West of A, which we had a call from California today.
Oh.
A spirit.
A living and breathing person.
Here's a lady mobile in Miami Beach.
Shella.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Okay, I'm calling about the issue
of why Black men treat, you know, Black woman badly.
Like, like crap, yes.
Yes, it is.
Why is that?
I literally just broke up with my boyfriend
because I would have sleep with him.
This is a guy, okay.
We'll go to a movie.
And when I read today,
he'll ask me how much money do you have?
I mean, he explained the sleep with him.
And, you know, he keeps me that badly.
I have no idea why they do.
I think the only woman they love are the mothers.
I mean, literally.
But, they do.
I mean, the mothers.
The mothers?
The mothers?
Yeah, the mothers.
That's the only woman that they love.
They're mothers.
Oh, I see.
You know, the few that are good,
they are, I mean, very few and hard to find.
And I think because they're less Black men and more women,
you know, they can, they think they can move on to the next.
There are fewer Black men and more Black women.
Exactly.
They are, they are.
I mean, they're more Black women, you know.
Oh, George is because a lot of the Black men
go around too long.
Exactly.
That's true.
That is true.
But I dumped him.
I'm just a little bit away from...
I am.
I'm going to stay away from them.
I'm just school, you know, and do my own thing.
Go find yourself a nice Chinese guy.
Okay.
Okay.
All right, have a great day.
And back to you.
Right.
I mean, they may have a small penis,
but there's more in life than just that.
Well, there's not.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60 pound.
We got 600 open lines here, baby.
We're enjoying a great lunch today.
Now, I feel a lot better.
For that, about all these good lunches.
You'd not forget about this desperate phone situation.
Do I forget about that?
No.
In fact, I had two nightmares about this place.
Although, I had nothing to do with the phone.
Oh, one of them did.
That's right.
In fact, a lot of them was not a nightmare.
It was a thing.
It was another psychic thing.
I dreamed that I came in here on Monday after vacation.
I said here, and I begged and begged and begged for calls.
And his phone wouldn't ring for crap.
And you know what?
That's exactly what happened.
I dreamed that I came back to work in a goddamn dead place
full of dead people.
Who had nothing to say about anything.
And having had for 23 years that I've been on a year here.
Doing a spectacular job, if I say so myself.
Uh-huh.
Yes.
Against formidable odds, working in many cases
for a bunch of bubbling fools like these people here
with their goddamn quiet period.
Here's Margate.
Hello.
Yeah, second time caller.
Just wanted to make a common rule prick on what that lady said
about men and their mothers.
You know, we know you're a mother-
You're going to have a word when she said mother.
Oh, she was brilliant.
But, um, no, it's not that we all love our mothers.
That, you know, on that point, it's more like the, uh,
we all have frustration towards the mother.
That's why we treat our women like crap, you know.
Because we've all had things happen to us.
That's why we take it out on our girlfriends.
Uh-huh.
Oh, and that, uh, I heard you just make a comment about the white kids,
the new trend, they're wearing gold in their teeth.
Gold teeth, which they took over the other thing they stole from the black kids, yeah.
Yeah, they took it from the black kids.
The black kids did it because what it is, it's a materialistic thing.
You know, the more gold you have.
Right.
So, like, driving a Cadillac.
Yeah, it's like the cool thing to do, you know.
You get the fake watch, the gold teeth, and I don't know.
I'm kind of glad you're talking about it.
You know, the white kids are doing it.
I got a cavity in the front.
Maybe I'll, you know, maybe I can plug it up, it'll look okay, you know.
Go grab you one right now.
Yeah, that's all I got of me.
Okay.
I'll do it.
Have a good life.
Gold teeth, baby.
Races, gold teeth.
Rings in your nose, rings in your toes, rings in your nipples, rings in your penis,
rings in your public, rings in your, uh,
recto.
Yeah, that too.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
How about those panthers?
Oh, no, that's all I'm going to say about that.
Well, that's the quota.
I was thinking about that too the other day.
Must've had also long boring trip.
It's 10 hours back on a goddamn plane.
I was thinking about how and God's name did I ever survive those hockey shows?
They stuck.
But I got sucked into.
I don't want to mention no name.
They stuck.
Oh, seriously?
It would be like going into a God-dained kaboots in Israel.
And talking about Indian culture.
You know, I mean, it's just, well, what's the point?
There isn't, there is not no interest.
There is less than no interest.
They haven't got any idea.
It's hopeless.
I'm going to begin my 20-part series on harness racing tomorrow.
Here comes Jackie Moe.
That's all that's enough.
That's all you need to know is Jackie Moe.
Well, rhymes, you know, sounds good.
See, the problem is with this town.
I have said this before, but not as often as I should.
Because if I keep saying it will remind me,
there are very, very, just a minimal number of things that these people are interested in
that they'll talk about.
I haven't discovered any of them yet.
But I'm working at it desperately.
Feverishly, Sunday, I will strike on there besides Cubans and people who hate Cubans.
Other than that, I'll find something else that these people want to talk about.
Besides, freebies and early bird dinners.
Well, that is the frat shows you did.
That only took about 600 times to get that one call.
Oh, Nia, how can you don't have more calls on these CDs here?
Because we don't get any calls.
That's why.
How can you don't have more really great funny calls on it?
Because there aren't any.
That's a good point.
Nine minutes past noon at 560 WQM.
You'll 560 QAM.
Ray Whitney has a pair.
Oh, right.
Well, where, oh, where can that swing keep me?
That this monochal whiskey.
I got to reach it, but it's fallen too far.
Probably what she was doing when she played her part.
Well, she banged her head on the steering wheel.
Not the usual way we feel.
Sign on the road, say straight ahead.
Best stop was near.
She would soon be fed.
David's up against and twerp to the right.
Heading for the fast food light.
She lost control.
The car is blue and landed next to the drive through a toy.
Well, poor monochal whiskey.
Wrest your car to see what's hungry.
But she's in luck.
Her purpose of death.
Her mouth is not dead.
And she can still give head.
All right.
Well, 15 to 55.
WQ, we got Hank from Shula State to a two.
Hank would net more between five and six.
Boog Shobby, six to eight, 45 tonight.
And then we got to your peckers in the 49ers out in San Francisco.
How unusual.
Peckers in San Francisco.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60.
Oh, by the way, I forgot to tell you about my doctor.
You know, doctor Bob, my newest doctor.
And his little assistant, Igor aka Gary.
So today I was going on vacation that afternoon when I called over there.
Because that was supposed to be the day I got my homocysteine test results,
which they had forgotten the week before the lab.
But they said, oh, no, no problem.
We have it up.
Say we save the sample.
We'll do the test.
Do you think I got the result?
No, Gary gives me a story that he called a couple of hours before.
And they said, oh, yeah, what we're checking on this and checking on that.
And then he finally called directly to Smith Beacham climb.
What have it? How it places?
And they said, insufficient the sample through the test.
Now, you're going to go off the Amsterdam for 10 days,
nine days, whatever the hell it was, nine minutes.
And you don't know your homo level?
Well, it's a miracle I survived.
What's wrong with you, Gary?
You jackass.
So now the deal is you want me to go in here again.
So they can suck some more blood out.
And then I can wait a week and they can say, oh, well, uh, the dog ate it.
Somebody dropped a vial, okay?
Some other vial story.
What is it take to get anybody in this town to do something right?
In addition to which guess what?
I already paid for it.
I already paid him for the whole series of blood tests,
which by the way, the homocysties is not only the longest test,
it takes a week to get the results,
but also the most expensive one.
I think it's like, uh, I don't know, 90 bucks, something like that.
They're not going to make you pay again, no.
That's not the point.
The point is, do I have any confidence in them and there's
lads that they use, uh, who get all these stories, you know?
Like I said, I'm going to go back to the yellow pages.
I'm going to start a Dr. Ardvark and work my way through and find a doctor
that doesn't know who I am.
Doesn't want to schmooze.
Doesn't want to take his picture with me.
Just want to do some doctoring work.
That would be good.
Yeah.
How's Dr. Ardvark doing?
Has he gotten an appointment maybe tomorrow?
Here's a mobile invoker.
Hello.
Hey, now I was, uh, I was a little bit worried, but I'm glad now that the quarterback
controversy is back here in Miami.
Uh, I didn't think, uh, Danny Boy could match true blip those brilliant performance
of five intercepted.
Yeah.
Why are you telling me this, though, sir?
Why do I care?
Well, you know, it's just good to have a quarterback controversy.
Oh, okay.
Call one of the sports nerd shows.
Okay, sir.
That's like talking about the Cubans again.
Same old boring crap.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
1,600 calls.
No lines open.
No waiting.
Here's a mobile invoker.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
Yeah, uh, big five years.
I listen to you every day.
I'm kind of the response that responded.
That girl that said, uh, or wife, I would have paid for.
For to go to the movies.
Yeah, that's what they deserve.
That's what they get.
You know, I go up to the club sometimes.
I do pretty good.
I, I, I, I, I leave real good.
I don't, if you see those girls, you say, you know what?
They don't even look at you.
And then you see them over in the corner with some guy.
That I piece of crap.
And I just say, you, you get what you deserve.
I'm happy.
That's the best call of the day.
I was laughing because that's what she deserves.
She deserves crap.
I said she gets crap.
Okay.
All right, Neil, bye.
So I think the operative word this guy is looking for is.
Correct.
Yeah.
Look at this.
One call left on the board.
Now I'm going to play Westlife the rest of the show.
This is getting old.
Here's Naples.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got a theory as to why the black guys treat their women so badly.
And what is that?
Why is that?
First before I forget I wanted to ask you something about Amsterdam.
Have you known or ever tried to get some weed over there
and cross the borders like try, take a train?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Did he, does anybody, do you know if anybody has ever tried that?
To do what?
To carry some weed from Amsterdam
into another European country.
You look like on the train?
Train or whatever.
No, I don't.
What do you think would be the chances of that happening?
Everyone says it's a bad idea.
Yeah, bad idea.
They look out for it.
And in addition to which, let me tell you this,
the country next to Holland is Germany.
Now when you get on the train and you cross the border
when we went to Cologne last year,
on the train and you cross the Dutch border with Germany,
then they change, they make a stop
and the new guy comes on the conductor.
This train is now in the hands of the German police.
And I'm not making that up.
That's what they say.
And all of a sudden you can start seeing
envisioning people go stepping
and you will do what we say.
So probably not a good idea if you want to be out anytime soon.
All right, well, I appreciate that.
Well, here's the theory.
Yes, sir.
And I'm serious about this.
I think when we started importing slaves from over here
and we started implementing
beatings as punishment and fear tactics
like that to motivate these people,
I think that the guys after 15, 16 hours out in the fields,
they come home back to their shacks
and they're humiliated and frustrated and the woman.
Maybe she burnt the pig's feet or whatever that night
and beat the crap out of her.
Yeah, and I think that she charged the children's.
Yeah, whatever.
You know, I think that it was conditioned into them.
To beat somebody or misuse somebody.
So in other words, it's in their genes now.
It's what you'll ask our fault is what he says.
Yeah.
Oh, in other words, we made them do it.
The white man made them do it.
OK, I'm going to feel real bad about that.
I'm going to go with the people first.
Yes, sir.
I ordered a keychain two weeks ago.
I'm still waiting for it.
Well, let me know when you get it.
All right.
OK, yeah, well, you'll get it.
The same time Carol gives us the real figures on the center one thing.
I'm not going to lose one more minute sleep.
OK, Carol, I've done the best I could.
I worked my ass off to try to do a good job for you every year.
And now life has to go on.
OK, sweetheart, I'm doing the best I can, which I wish some other people could say the same.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line and our world line.
Kind of spotty today.
Not too bad.
Not too good.
877, 785, 634, 875, 877, 785, Neil.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how's it going?
OK.
I just want to say a quick story.
I was a cousin of my wife who lives up in Zefferyl, Florida.
I had a little friend, a 17-year-old young lady.
And when I was up there a few months ago, I met her.
She's very nice.
And we talked.
And ever since then, we've been kind of friends.
But comes to find out, just this weekend, I was up there, that she told my wife that she
was a white supremacist.
And that kind of caught me by surprise because we're friends.
And I'm Cuban.
And so what I did was I kind of came up to her and confronted her with the fact that I'm
Cuban.
I said, you know, how can you talk to me when you say you're a white supremacist?
And I'm Cuban.
She said, well, we clicked from the first minute we spoke.
Yeah.
Did you make an exception for you?
Right.
And I said, you know, if you're a white supremacist, you know, if you want to go right now and tell
me that, you know, get out of here because you're Hispanic, please do because you can't
be on both sides of the fence.
I mean, either you're going to be this or you're actually not.
And come to find out if you're talking to her for a while, what you got very upset about
is that there's no education there.
She keeps saying that she's an original American and I said, no, they're not a Native American.
Nobody is unless you're an Indian and blah, blah, blah.
Well, in any case, the really weird part of the whole thing is that she's gay.
And I always thought that, you know, and she's very young and everything, but I always thought
that when you're a white supremacist like this, you know, you always see these macho guys
that hate everybody and they hate the gays and they hate the black and they hate Hispanic.
And so it's just so unbelievable that these people are so uneducated and these young people
especially are so uneducated and today's, you know, hearing a meet, hearing self-lord and
a Florida.
And that's all I just, you know, just freaked me out.
That's all.
Thank you.
Thanks for the good news.
Anybody know what he was just saying?
No.
Okay, that's our last call.
I'm going to sit here and eat lunch very quietly because we're in our period and I'll
just wait and see if we can get any more calls.
I can have my doubts.
Probably out of calls.
Huh?
No, we don't mind any music.
It's the quiet period.
What's wrong with you?
It's quiet music.
No, it's not quiet enough.
We're in the quiet period.
You better get with it.
You're going to wind up blowing that bonus, Mr. I'll say to that right now.
Happy birthday, Crystal.
By the way, I said that already at the beginning.
I'll say it again.
She deserves it after what she puts up with.
I mean, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Come back every single time, every time.
I'll say this for you.
At least you're consistent.
For the last 600 years, every time I go on vacation I come back and don't you saw in
a dance about its Georgia to the taste.
It makes no difference.
What's on?
We have grandma Moses farting before hours.
When I come back from a vacation, I'm feeling great.
I'm in a fantastic mood.
I'm full of energy.
I can speak like a human being.
And it's the same old, tired, South Florida routine.
God, how do I do it?
And you want to know what the answer is?
It's right in my back pocket in my wallet.
A big fat one right now.
It's sitting in there.
Now to check, too.
I see there we go.
I admit it.
It's smoking it up.
Yeah, I smoked dope.
How do you like that?
Okay.
I smoked dope and I have sex with women.
Anybody believe that?
Huh?
No.
Here's a mobile in four-lotterdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
All right.
Can I ask you permission to switch gears here a little bit?
What do you mean by that?
What do you want to talk anything you want?
All right.
I'll accept Cubans.
I don't want to talk about Cubans.
I'm a very good tipper.
Okay?
I tip 20%.
Oh.
I want to go back to that.
Is that all right?
Wow.
What is there to say about that?
No, I have a question for you.
I frequent a couple places where they have tip counters on the counter.
And when you have takeoff, they expect you to tip them.
I don't tip the takeoff.
Right.
But they look at you.
I mean, there's a couple places that I go to where that's what's expected of you.
What do you mean it's expected?
Whoever heard of that?
There's a couple places.
Like where?
Well in my neighborhood.
I don't want to.
Why not?
There's a deli and then there's a quarter deck.
There's a takeout on the quarter deck.
It's off 17th street there.
And it's only a takeout.
I don't think you can't even sit down and eat.
And I thought that the tip was for cleaning up the table and bringing food and food.
And if there's no service, there's no tip.
No taking a washing.
I don't know.
I just thought, I don't know.
I have the solution to your problem.
I don't tip.
Just say.
No.
And you'll be okay.
Okay.
Just like Nancy Reagan said.
No.
That's it.
Next problem.
I sure wish I had these people's problems, don't you?
1227 at QAM.
Wake up with the first key.
Joe Rogan, Jeff DeFarris and Steve Goldstein.
We've been running to six.
Only on 4th radio, 560 QAM.
Gotta keep your shots straight here.
QAM is not a happy place.
No.
It's a guy's damn happy place.
Yes.
Where everybody hates you.
Here's the sight of your face.
QAM is not a happy place.
It's a sink and sink is great.
QAM is not a happy place.
Josh Wershipper, Blue Love OJ.
Backstabbing, repro-feet.
The equipment's always great.
Here's the hot and charming place.
QAM is not a happy place.
A real, depressing place.
QAM is not a happy place.
No, but it's a quiet time right now.
I'm a quiet period.
1232 at 560 WQM.
Any of you women out there ever have a quiet period?
567.
0560, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
We're rolling along, singing the song.
Very difficult today.
Very difficult today.
Here's the mobile in Naples.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
I want to talk about hockey just before I say it.
I want to let you know I'm a big time hockey fan.
I'm going to raise in Canada so I know what I'm talking about.
I'm not like the average Florida Schmocky thing.
They know about hockey.
What do you think about the Panthers this year?
I want you to pay your own head a little pushy, pop El Bury.
What do you think about it?
567.
0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
567.
Going once.
Hey, yes sir.
What's happening now?
Welcome back.
Thank you.
Last week was hell, man.
You were out.
How I was out.
And Jordan was trying to do bad impression of you.
Yeah.
Terrible, man.
What's your I'm going to tell you?
Jordan was so terrible last week.
How come when I come back I sit here and there are 10 people in this audience who want to speak to me?
Can you explain that to me, sir?
Why I sit here and beg for calls for four hours every day and it's highly rated, Joe.
Can you explain that to me?
Stop begging for calls, man.
I'm putting those dates on.
People are mad at you for leaving Georgia over a week.
That's why.
Okay, yeah.
So what can we do for you?
What's your material, sir?
That's it, man.
Okay, thank you.
Like I said, no material.
People are mad at me for putting, they've been mad at me for before I knew George.
How do you like that?
Did they call me back then?
No.
No.
When I was on WS News?
No.
I.N.Z.
No.
Zeta after the first few A's?
No.
No.
Just get a mallet.
Just get a hatchet and beat these people over the head.
Ah!
With a 2x4.
Does it work?
No.
Another George basher.
So didn't like George, sir?
You don't have to listen to it.
Here's a mobile and water hill.
Hello.
I'm on.
You're on.
You know it now.
I'm on like you.
I was just getting on that cat.
I was on.
We got an audience there or what?
No.
I need to turn my radio down.
No, no.
Who are you talking to before we start?
You know electricians.
728, brother.
I got the floor with them just like you.
We were talking about how they got us saying how black guys are conditioned to beat
their indosuely.
Yeah, the white people that made them do it.
That's right.
Yeah, that's all.
That's our art form.
But I do think that's a good thing that they did that because I love black women.
And I don't know what that thing is.
That black guys have the disrespect thing and they like to call bitches.
Well, that's the question.
But we don't have any black people calling an enemy black men calling answering that.
Well, I kind of appreciate that, sir.
I appreciate them for doing that because they're not going to be able to do it.
I like black women and black girls don't treat it like that.
Yeah.
So they like those white guys that know how to treat women and give them a little bit of self respect.
And since they do know how to cook and clean.
In other words, they're all in a sacrifice about two inches between the legs in order to be treated right.
Well, I don't know about that, Neil, because I'm black from the waist down.
Oh, okay.
But the as far as treating women and stuff goes, they don't know how to do that.
And since they're looking for a guy like you, you know.
Okay, well, thanks.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, on the 18 D wireless blind.
Here's a call from Lake Bronson and Minnesota.
Is that Lake Bronson, Minnesota?
Oh, my God.
He's black from the waist down here on the...
Now, do you like that?
Well, Florida, you're only allowed to be either from the waist up or the waist down, not all the way.
Neil, I just call it say, hey, and I had it.
I'm down here.
I get home seven in the morning with my kids.
Now, I'm listening to the AM radio and I switched it this week and I got this...
Who does this Dale Jarrett?
Dave Jarrett?
Dale Jarrett.
I have no idea.
And then they switch into this Dr. Laura.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, you ever smell it?
Just take one with at that bitch.
That's not...
That doesn't even do her justice.
Right.
If you take that, it's just going to do the word justice.
Oh, anyway.
If you...
Can you imagine that you take her listening...
All the people that are up there listening to someone like that?
Yeah.
How they can get brainwashed into...
Into hating all men.
All men, all.
Anything.
Yeah.
Life in general.
Life in general.
Totally closed minded.
The worst, most closed minded person.
I guarantee you, when that old bitch, when that old bag of retarious, she'll come down here.
She'll be in Florida.
She'll be in sunrise.
She has to be front of it.
Did you...
You couldn't have heard the show this morning, which was talking about being from up in Brussels.
I'm sorry, I didn't hear you.
You didn't show so much.
What are you listening to, a forester?
No, I'm not.
It's the first morning.
It's five, ten minutes early.
Well, don't do it again.
I won't.
You value your sanity and your self-respect.
Don't do it again.
I'll write it up.
It's not here, forester.
Okay. God bless you, sir.
All right.
Don't do it again.
Don't do it again.
And again.
Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty.
Five, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six
Yes, ma'am? Yeah, I wanted to talk to you about the black man. Yes, ma'am? Oh, I'm a black female and I don't think they're all black men and treat black females that way. No, I didn't say all too many. No, I think it's less than there and there is more. There is more what? I think there's less black men and they treat there is a black man that treat their females that too. Like like black men? I'm a black female, yeah. Yeah. Like bitches? No. Slap them around? No.
Feet them like channel, feed them like crap, something like some kind of subservient subhuman crap. Not come on. I always say when a black man, I've never had one put a hand on me. Yeah. Oh, what is the first time for everything? Oh, I was, he don't have time to be beating her up. He's beating the kids. That was, that was great.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18 T wireless line. Not to bitch up and then the lever. Leave her ass. Okay, lever hanging and then of course certainly don't pay that child support. I can tell you lots of real interesting child support stories. Roy 21 till one at 560 WQS. The sports leader sports radio 560 Q. A. M. Oh, God.
Now, Dr. Jeremy Burnham with a dramatic reading of no scrubs by TLC. Dr. Burnham. A scrub is a guy that thinks he's fly, also known as a luster. Always talking about what he wants just fits in and broke ass. So no, I don't want your number. No, I don't want to give you mine. And no, I don't want to meet you. No, where? No, I don't want none of your time. And no, I don't want no scrub. A scrub is a guy that can't get no love for me hanging out with me.
But passenger side of his best friend's ride trying to holla at me. No scrub, no scrub, no, no, no scrub. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
17 to 1 at 560 WQM. And of course, you know, just the music alone and rap music. How much will you say 95% of it is a music degrading lyrics degrading women?
98% 99 and a half 110% of music in rap music by men degrading women. Bitches. But I just made it up, you know.
Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. I can't be sitting here just listening to talk about black men like this. Now, I don't, I don't 100% how many on TV? How many times you hear that in cases about white men abuse and they kids and and
you're talking about abusing your kids. We're talking about abusing women. Well, they'll abuse women too. I mean, how many times they in the news if you watch the news, they have their killing their own wife kill a whole family. You like Ho J? No, no, no, no. That's why a lot of time. You hear that if you if you listen and bill.
I mean, my ticet. Honestly, Neil, you know what I'm talking about? You need to make sure about that from Carolina, a panther. I'm sure I'm sure a killer white white men. Have you ever seen any black men with?
No, okay, then so maybe make a kid made a sure item that you.
I'm only mentioned that about 6000 times. You didn't. I mean, I never mentioned that. You mentioned that a couple of times. 54,000. I got to written down right here 54,000 622 times. I mentioned that all serial killers are white. Okay. Well, I don't think black men are like that with their women. Now you talk about it.
Okay, now what about the music? What about the lyricin rap music? It's just to make money. I mean, this is that's what's selling. So that's what the music doesn't reflect young black men's attitudes about women.
It does. I mean, I agree with your 100%. But I'm telling you the reason why they make it that way because that's the only thing they're selling. If they make any other music, I mean, you know, with a different tune and stuff like that, they won't make any.
A different cool. Come on. Well, you know, that's what makes money. That's what I'm telling you. That's what sells enough. That's what sells because they that's what they be liking. That's what the young kids want. They those kids they want to put down. I want to slap that bitch around. Okay. That's exactly.
All right. I'll pray for it. All right.
See, one thing about our black listeners, all tentative man, they love this show. They love me. They care enough to send their very best unlike certain other elements in this town.
City and big and carry on and scream like a child like a guy, they're an infant, like a program director.
Wouldn't that be a great bit for vocal brine, by the way, to the tune of walk like an Egyptian choir, like a program director? I just came to mind.
Here's Kibis Gain. Hello. Hey, Neil. What's up? How you doing, sir? All right, man. Long time. What's the first time call? I just want to say man. Hey, I believe in 99% of the things that you say, man. But man, you're killing us. I am one of those educated. I am one of those educated.
Good black man. All right. We found a good black guy. Let's hear it. I think that we do have a lot of decent black men are done. I totally disagree with.
I didn't say there aren't any decent black men. That's not what I said. I just said that I find it grotesque that so many black, especially young black guys, have got horrendous sexist attitudes toward women.
Oh, but Neil, how about this man? I mean, what about the white man like like the guy earlier said, I mean as far as far as civil kills are concerned, 99.9% of the serial kills are there are white.
And a lot of times, but what is that? That has to do with attitudes about women. I mean, those are people who are crazy, who are mentally who are nuts.
Well, women are, there's just a handful of black men on there that actually abuse their girlfriends or wives, but there's still a lot of us out there that still love our black women and still care for them.
But if we had less love and and leave and see that's the problem is the love and and leave. You know what I'm talking about? No, I mean, no, it has a lot to do with the way you were brought up. I was brought up in the Bahamas.
Oh, well, now we're talking a horse of a different color. Yeah, no, but I'm still black. You know, I'm still black and I just totally disagree with it. I mean, for example, I'm a black man.
Yeah, but I got news for those Bahamian women. They're not going to put up with that crap. But anyway, you're making a Bahamian woman. They're not going to take that. Just less slap the case out of your mouth. You know that.
You are out about that. I mean, I'm black as I said earlier. My wife is Filipino and my sister is my white man and the abuse hurts on diets and we have to take care of that situation. But I'm just saying that there is a good example. There's a lot of white men on there that are just as abusive and even more abusive than that.
I say, let's take them all and put them on goddamn alcatraz on an island. No, I have no respect for men who abuse industry women and children. You know, I just find it nauseating.
Awesome. You know what's venom? Put up a promise of venom. Did you make her? See what happens? That's right. Like I said, they'll take care of them in about two. They're coming back on a leaky rubber raft. That's one thing. Okay, pal.
And back to you. There you go. We got two or three good black folks out there today. So we're looking for man is some decent nice black people that we don't have to be afraid of.
Five five six seven oh five 60 and we got that toll free line for all over America man. 877 seven eight five six three 45. What's wrong with you people from coast to coast?
Don't you care about the way your women are being beaten and bloodied and pregnant women to be in shot and their babies killed a settlement so on. Don't you care about that? No. Okay.
What about these women, I police? That guy was he was, he was just unbelievable. Like about an hour and a half ago. You're just starting to really hit home now. Oh yeah, that's a great topic. No, no, it's not.
Not a great topic at all. What time is your show answer because you think I'm begging for calls. What is there to say we don't like it. It's wrong. It's it'd be bad. Okay. We don't like monopolies. Okay. We don't mind playing monopolies. Still pretty good game. I'll take part. Place. Thank you and boardwalk and do not pass go. Here's coconut Creek. Hello. Yeah. Yeah, sir. I try to get hold of you before you went on vacation. I took my life to Buffalo Sabre game in the redone here. Yes, sir. And I can see why he don't sell it is arena.
By the time we bought our tickets and paid our parking in eight, it cost about two hours. I'm glad to save you. I'm going to see your.
Sabres are losing their ass by the way. Even with their even their low pay where they are. They're losing their ass. They're losing a fortune. You were there very marginal payroll.
Oh, I see. I got your whole I'm not into it. Yeah, I thought you meant the game wise. No, no, I'm talking about the dollars and cents. Well, they're paying a guy. They know is that once go back to Texas, the walk.
They probably never going to play again. But maybe something else needs to buy a team down here and do some about their price.
But it's not just here. It's all over the league. You know, they can't figure it out. You're attendance. I'm lucky every day. I look in the paper and I check the attendance.
The only places that sell out virtually every game is Toronto and Detroit. And there may be one or two others.
In other than that, you can find two, three, four, six thousand unsolved tickets, not to mention how many of those people are no shows anyway. You got thousands of empty seats. It's an epidemic.
I see what you mean about the fans here. I was sitting around watching. I'm from Buffalo. Yeah, I'm sitting around watching them. And I think they understand as a goal. They all sit there like they're at a wake. Right.
Because they don't want to win the women's in behind me. She says, Oh, what a block blocking block him. And then when they score a goal, they all jump up. That's why they can understand as a goal.
Yeah, well, they're too busy talking on the cell phone. They don't have time for that crap. All right. You'll think I'll say how to regenerate.
Who? 5 6 7 0 5 6. Say how to fat boy when you see him in Buffalo. By the way, he'll be back to cheek to wager before the next no fall.
Came up on the elevator with him this morning. Same same old crap. How can he still be here? By the way, how can he still be here?
And where's Gary Sarner? By the way, with that name and the phone number that I'm supposed to call this afternoon so I can save his big account.
See, I always do this. You go, I tell you I admit openly and honestly, but I'm just compulsive. I can't help it. I go away for a few days.
A few days. I come back. Is anything going to be different? No, anything going to change now. Just like now. Look at that. Now all the lines are all filled. I know what I know what game they're playing.
I know what they're playing. No, seriously, you know what game they're playing too. They're playing.
Oh, you know, one against the other here. And as long as you just remember that you're listening to me, I don't really care. Make no difference to me.
No, but seriously, it would seem to me that after the 85th Margaret, it would just get a little bit stale. You know what I'm talking about? A little bit.
Yeah. After Bob Green doing the 95th voice, I know what they're doing. Here's a mobile in the glade. Hello.
Hey, sir. Yeah, once in a U.M. game, whatever today he stands on, played the wheel for a Q.A.M. promotional guy. Yeah. All I can say is who needs to the least when you have me go.
See you not a honey. Are you are you trying to hit on our Miguel sir? No, I know you know, he only has eyes for you. Yeah, only as a fly for me. Okay.
Another faggot. 567. Oh, that's right. It was you. I'm game. I'm sorry. All my teammates at the U.M. game. 567.0550. No Miguel's nicely. He's not that good. Okay. Fair. I did better last 10 days. Believe me. Here's a mobile in Lauderdale. Hello.
Hey, no, how are you? Pretty good. I have to call in. I'm a black man. He doesn't beat on my eyes. All right. Here's here's number four. Maybe we're starting our role collection of black guys who don't beat up on our goddamn women or anybody else.
I hang out with people in the social circles who are black who often don't beat up on their wife. All right. That's at least a dozen hour up to. But I had to say at the call. I'm using your annual black stick and I know every week you pick on an issue with black people to call. No, I do. No, I do not.
That doesn't make up the story about this. Ray Carruthers guy that shot his pregnant girlfriend. But I'm saying you were talking about rap music. Do you realize more white kids by rap music and black kids? If only black kids purchase rap music. Those guys are not making money.
And what I'm saying is you're talking about a small. If only women, if only white guys own guns. What did you just say? No, I said with rap music. Yeah, we have more white kids buying rap music. Why isn't that ashamed?
And my kids. What is this your way? Is this your way of getting even now the white kids are now the white kids are putting gold teeth in their mouth for quite a lot. Why don't you leave them alone? It's not bad enough that they just discovered disco music too.
Exactly. This is the point I'm making whenever you do your stereotype. It's going to apply to people across all racialized. Yeah. And I'm just saying that so you're saying that white guys are just as sexist toward women as blacks. I think guys in general are sexist and you think that is percentage wise now because there's a lot more white people obviously but percentage wise. You think there's a higher percentage of white guys who get their girlfriends or women. They're women pregnant and then just leave them. I think a statistics show that's happened to be true because other things you can understand.
When you compare apples and oranges, you have to compare apples to apples and oranges. A lot of things that you talk about are still working on the background. And people from the same social working on the background life almost marijuana and other colors. Yeah. So in other words, you'd say there's as many white trailer trashes. There are poor black guys white who are knocking up their woman and leaving them a fatherless leaving their kids. I'm saying if you look at the individuals that is when the groups are playing a lot of commonalities.
A lot of criminality. Commonalities. Okay. How do I great they pal? I know. Okay. See it, Bojang. I see there you go again. God damn it. What's the big Southern thing? What? Bojangles that and snacking your bitch up and leave them. You know, smack it or up and knock it or up and you got to run it. And then take it off. Oh, that's a big Southern white thing. Well, I think there's got to have a good point then, don't you? Good. But at least we got you off your ass and got you the phone and made a good point. Okay, sure, that's good. God bless you. Thank you. See the one good thing I want to say. I'm going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not
going to say that I am not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I am not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that, you know, I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that, I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that I'm not saying that I'm not taking off my ass and get off the ass.
of Amsterdam. I'd be a lot happy. No seriously. I don't want to see that crap anymore.
Goat, goat, goat, goat, goat, goat, goat, goat, I don't want to see those guys. And I
do ignore them as much as possible because believe me, there's lots of better people
to be looking at. Believe me. Believe me when I tell you. Thank God. Tell you one thing
about those dutch there. I'll tell. Let me know what that means. Four minutes, yeah.
Eat your hearts out. All you darkies out there. Yeah. Yeah. They're relegated to
run and around on the streets out there. Pedal and crack and ecstasy and a dutch
are running around to hang in and out. Four minutes till one at five sixty WDQA.
The Neil Roger Show Sports Radio 560 QA and
Oh boy. It's the one to two hour.
The station that delivers pre-set, delivery, and
delivery to each other. Oh, we can love you.
You can qualify my winning video for sets of the movie delivery.
Let me just do this one. We require the two listen to the radio all weekend long.
All same things. The grand prize winner will be flown to Joseph Georgia for
a canoe trip for two down the Kahoodle-Lassi River, including accommodations in
beautiful entry. I have to drop them. Just say the rattle.
It's not a little bit more. Every time you hear Ned Bay, he's just going to let
that go.
This is the liver and sweet dead. Oh, we can't ball. Almost station that gets you
to the right.
One out two at five sixty WQA. We got that global show from
Shulestay to a two o'clock. We got big Monday night football tonight.
Packers in the 49ers, two girls teams tonight. Pretty weak.
Yeah, George made a good point. That is if you watch Jerry Springer show, you'll
notice that the so-called panelists on here and all of those shows today.
They're all like same thing. Sally Jesse.
What's the one to one bitch that went to court because the Faggot?
Jenny Jones. All the same. All the sets all look the same. They're all sitting there
on a big couch. They all give any tether duty looks. Just on Jerry Springer they got
more fist bites. That's all. But you take a look at the panelists on those shows
and they're like 50% black and 50% white trailer trash.
So maybe the last guy got a good point.
Here's Carol City. Hello.
Yes, sir.
I don't welcome. Okay. Neil, I'd like to say a few, make a few comments.
First of all, why is it when cases like Lake Aroop, cases happen?
Those things are most focused on Dan Sayer kid that comes from a single family home,
black family and white family. Struggles makes it through high school and makes
it through college and goes on and have a successful career.
That's like asking me what they don't report dogs that don't get lost.
It's not interesting news.
It's not interesting news, right?
Well, no, I mean, how do you compare somebody shooting somebody and killing them?
Especially their pregnant girlfriend. How do you compare that with somebody that was
a success story? No, I'm not condoning what Ray Caroute did.
I can know that. Mike Tyson, there certainly are still millions and millions of people.
Mike Tyson can go out and fight a goddamn limo-rainer tomorrow.
And if the longest was on television and it was on pay-per-view, there still be millions
of people, mostly white by the way, who would pay to watch it.
And it's part of the fact that him being a scumbag.
Well, I agree with you, Mike Tyson, is a scumbag.
But my thing is, I would like to focus more on the positive aspects of all kids and
all people, because as I've heard from a few calls, you have good people, regardless
of a race-color creed, people are going to be people.
So, I'm a fight-man.
So, you don't think there's any problem with the attitudes of young black people toward women?
Of course I do, but Neil.
Well, so why is it so bad for me to bring that up? Why is that such a bad thing to talk about?
No, Neil, I have to keep that in a closet.
No, Neil, Neil, Neil. I'm what I'm saying is that's more focused on.
There are a lot of good young kids out here today.
There are a lot of good young kids.
And there are a lot of good young kids.
Well, thank God for that. We've all been big troubles if there weren't.
There are a lot of good young kids out here today.
There are a lot of good young kids, black kids.
Yellow kids? Yellow kids?
Well, okay, that's true.
I'm speaking of black kids.
There are a lot of good black kids about to see every afternoon, right?
They come, they don't come from the richest families in the world.
But just because you have come from a family with money, that doesn't mean that your morals and your
scruples are the same.
Because to me, I don't care how much money you have.
Money doesn't take the place of being respectable, being decent.
You get that within your home.
You get that within your home.
And I was with that, the media, will focus more on kids, as I said,
that's facing these burdens every day and overcoming rather than...
The little me, man.
...Raker Roochot, his girlfriend.
But that Raker Rooch shooting his girlfriend,
fails more newspapers than a kid.
So you don't think that's a news story?
Like, have O.J. Simpson murdered two people or if Mike Tyson raped a woman or if Lawrence Phillips
beat the crap out of his girlfriend and stuffed her into a male locker?
You don't think that that's a news story?
Well, as far as I'm concerned, that's no news story to me.
You know what the news story to me?
No.
The school that my oldest daughter goes to say her favorite teacher is old teacher of the year.
That's what's important to me.
Mike Tyson, my kids don't idolize Mike Tyson.
My kids don't idolize O.J. Simpson.
They definitely don't idolize O.J. Simpson.
My kids like Dan Moreno, they like Michael Jordan, but you know who their heroes are?
Their grandmother, their grandfather, their mother, and their fathers.
Their family members are their heroes.
Right, there you go.
Their family members.
And as far...
I don't like the idea that there's so many kids, not just white kids.
So many kids coming up and single family homes.
But just because you come up in a single family home, that doesn't give you automatic reason to be an asshole or to be a failure.
That's no excuse.
We as a society, when we do something, we always say, hey, this happened to me when I was a kid.
I got post-traumatic.
Yeah, that's right.
They were being pulled out.
So 40 years later, they decided to go out and murder a bunch of people.
Okay, my friend.
I appreciate it.
All right, Neil.
Thanks, I'll go.
Here's a facts from Jettro.
You believe that?
Well, it says Jettro.
Maybe it's Jettro doll.
I don't know.
It says, Neil, what of us Darky's done to you?
Do we deserve this treatment?
We've had to deal with the KKK.
You haven't.
Oh, I haven't.
Oh, Jews and Fags haven't had to deal with discrimination.
Isn't that interesting?
Even though I don't think this is a real facts.
I guess it is.
Look at that.
It's got like a cover thing on it.
It says, what have you had to deal with Vietnam?
No, I think it was mostly you that had to deal with Vietnam.
They shipped mostly.
That's what you ought to be upset about.
It said, you didn't have to sit in the back of the bus like us.
No, as a matter of fact, we couldn't go on a bus.
Unless we changed their name.
I mean, here we go with the comparative.
All I did was say that black attitudes about women are disgraceful in this country.
And unacceptable.
How about that thing about one woman in South Africa gets raped every 20 seconds?
Remember that story?
True story.
Every 20 seconds a woman in South Africa gets raped.
Must just be a coincidence.
Probably learned it from a white man.
Probably learned it from those damn British, yeah.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Hey.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Great.
Hey, I agree with the caller before.
It spoke to you about 99% of the things you say, Neil.
I'm with you.
Right.
Well, I thought about it.
I was just kidding every time.
You didn't throw it?
I was never brought out.
I trust your instincts.
Yes, sir.
On this one, I think you're a little off faith.
Okay.
When did that straighten me out?
No, I mean, you know, the bottom line is there are problems with black youths as well as white youths.
And I'm not trying to say that blacks don't have a problem with, especially younger blacks don't have a problem with the treatment of women.
Yeah.
That goes across the board.
Across the board with what?
With which white youths also?
You think they're white?
I don't think they're young.
You think that young white guys think of women.
I'm not talking about sex.
I'm not talking about that.
But just in terms of respect or lack thereof.
You think that white young people look at women in the same way that young blacks do?
Yes, basically.
Freight boys.
Yeah, Freight boys, yeah.
No, they're not really.
I mean, a lot of these are there, there are a lot of these young black men out there.
Now, of course, you've got this situation with the music and the culture and everything.
A lot of things.
And the whole team.
Yeah, I mean, a lot here, exactly.
And that's the problem.
There's no doubt about that.
But I mean to say that it's a great difference between them and white youths.
I just don't see it.
White youths are the same thing.
Yeah.
Okay.
Thanks, my friend.
He was my friend, wasn't he?
He was my friend.
He was okay.
He said 99% that ain't a bad bad thing, average.
Right?
There you go.
Gee, I thought that was making a very obvious comment.
And obviously not.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I see that somebody got a new haircut.
Or maybe it's just growing out.
Don't look as faggies you did before I went on vacation.
That's good.
That's not maybe not so good.
You never know.
Girls like that faggy look.
Look at what it did for Luis Miguel.
And in Reque.
By the way, in Reque, rhythm divine.
It's big in Europe, baby.
I don't like it, but it's big in Europe.
It's just the Baila Mosjunia.
It's the Baila Mos was great in Reque.
But hey, just, just rake in the money, sweetheart.
This is a bunch of who-
You've found a red dog.
You've chugged a red wolf.
Now open your mouth and wrap your lips around a red cock.
Red cock's foamy head will leave you breathless.
Red cock goes down easy and it's never hard on your throat.
So reach into that box and wrap your fingers around a long neck red cock.
You can shake it and spray it all over.
Remember, you can't beat a red cock.
Just look for the label with the big red pecker on the front.
115 to 560.
I mean, I know that book person cons that the last call on the worst team made a illusion
to this morning at the end of their show.
It's our be call.
I couldn't be wrong.
And maybe the authors of that book were just racist looking to make a racist thing.
But it seems to me that the overwhelming majority of those NFL players that they were talking about
with the grotesque criminal records, etc.
That they were of the dark persuasion.
Am I correct about that?
Uh-huh.
Now just because you say that doesn't make you a clansman, doesn't make you a bigot,
it just happens to be a problem.
And the attitude about women, we can have 6,000 phone calls about this.
And you're not going to convince me.
No, I'm not saying that all black men have those kinds of attitudes about women
or that all white men treat women great with respect.
What?
I don't think it's debatable.
Is it debatable the points that I'm making here today?
I'm not arguing with you.
No, no, but seriously, is it a debatable point?
It's a little bit lopsided.
It's lopsided.
Now you're starting to go out to Immatagins again, too.
And by the way, there are no Italians in this country unless they came here on a boat recently
or on a plane on Allatagia.
There are no Italians in New York.
They're Guitars.
Just like our good personal friend, Joe Castello, who thinks that he's Italian.
His parents and his grandparents were Italian.
He's a Guitau.
He's not Italian.
He wouldn't know Italy where to fight it on a map.
I'm serious.
Which I have no idea.
See, there you go, I'm investigating again.
Once again, try to shift the blame.
From one group and pretty soon they'll be back on the Puerto Ricans again.
Sooner or later with George, you can always be sure of two things.
Number one, he'll give you the song and dance about he is an atheist, even though he's an agnostic,
which to me is a pussy.
You know, his wife is an agnostic.
No, I'm not.
You admit you don't know.
That's what agnostic is.
Absolutely wrong.
I don't have any answers.
But as far as believing in an creator or religion, I don't mean anything.
See now you're getting defensive again.
You're not the one with the balls.
Crystal, she's an atheist.
Yes.
Yes.
You're an agnostic.
That means I don't know.
Yeah.
I don't know what's going on out there.
Well, we know that.
Some people who are making their lives, they're making their bitches up to.
Here's for Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, no, I was going to.
Can't hear you.
How you doing?
There you go.
Hey, I'm a 20-year-old black man.
Yes, sir.
And I do agree on what you said about the music.
I have something to do with it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Because, like, look at the music.
I'm telling you, I should know those other black men, I didn't know nothing.
They're stupid.
Yeah.
Like, they saw him back there as well.
Have you heard of that?
No.
Back that ass up?
Yeah.
It's all about Ketan and Juana with a muffler gold.
Uh-huh.
In the other day, I'm in a supermarket.
I hear a little five-year-old tell his mother they're back there as well.
Really?
And he's back now.
Yeah.
So I do agree with that.
I don't know what I'm going to ask him.
Were you fudged back there?
Yeah, that's what I would ask that kid.
Yeah, I mean, no guys are going to ask that.
Back that ass up.
I'll be God damn.
You never heard of that?
No.
Yeah.
Who sings it?
Juana.
Man, I kiddo no nothing.
Yeah, I'll pay, man.
You're right, man.
I don't care what you're saying.
That's just like, uh, the record that George loves so much that, uh, Dan, uh, Nuki, uh, what the hell is that?
Uh, uh, Nuki.
Uh, Nuki.
Uh, Nuki.
Yeah, that's a good one.
I'm going to ask him.
Yeah.
I'm going to ask him.
I'm going to ask him.
I'm going to ask him.
I'm going to ask him.
I'm going to ask him.
I'm going to ask him.
I'm going to ask him.
I'm going to ask him.
I'm going to ask him.
I'm going to ask him.
I'm going to ask him.
I'm going to ask him.
I'm going to ask him.
I'm going to ask him.
I'm going to ask him.
I'm going to ask him.
I'm going to ask him.
I'm going to ask him.
I'm going to ask him.
I'm going to ask him.
I'm going to ask him.
I'm going to ask him.
I'm going to ask him.
I'm going to ask him.
I'm going to ask him.
I'm going to ask him.
I'm going to ask him.
I'm going to ask him.
I'm going to ask him.
I'm going to ask him.
I'm going to ask him.
I'm going to ask him.
I'm going to ask him.
I'm going to ask him.
I'm going to ask him.
I'm going to ask him.
I'm going to ask him.
I'm going to ask him.
I'm going to ask him.
I'm going to ask him.
I'm going to ask him.
I'm going to ask him.
I'm going to ask him.
I'm going to ask him.
I'm going to ask him.
What about it?
Yeah.
Don't we found one?
Found one.
Found one.
Found one.
Found one.
Found one.
Found one.
Found one.
Found one.
Found one.
Found one.
Found one.
Found one.
Found one.
Found one.
Found one.
Found one.
Found one.
Found one.
Found one.
Found one.
Found one.
Found one.
Found one.
Found one.
Found one.
Found this the gutting.
The gutting.
I mean, it's a result of a number of NCAA championships.
Well for my 1974 jarne, that was my rolling.
let's get a call from downtown Detroit from 12th Street in Detroit. Come on. We're gonna get a call from Detroit.
No. Let's go.
Here's a mobile and tempered pine. Hello.
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing today?
Great.
I think the problem that you have here is that you're telling the truth again and most people can't handle that.
The last couple of colors, they seem pretty intelligent in there so that it's not all black men.
No. Well, you know, there every time you say something, you have to do a disclaimer.
I quit doing this.
Fifth of years ago, people don't understand what I'm talking about.
If they're that didn't skinned or light skinned or dark skinned or whatever it is, then that's their problem.
I'm not gonna have to. I don't have time to deal with that.
Yeah, I hear you.
I'm changing a future to hockey.
What today? You can't have to play with games.
Yeah.
Great game. I wish the ping was little one, but circumstances as they were.
Yeah. Well, I'll tell you how to win when you're like one guy that's scoring all your goals.
Yeah. You were talking about the attendance.
I think the only show we've had in Pittsburgh was the one the other night we beat the center or five and nothing.
Yeah. It was like they just knew something good was gonna happen.
Some break was gonna happen.
Right.
There was a, I think it's so out of 17 or 16, 5, 89.
Right. And there were 17, 115.
That's the standing room.
Yeah. Oh, yeah.
You have the standing room in Toronto every night, as a matter of fact, even with a marginal cap's coming into town tonight, that's the only game in the league tonight.
They'll have standing room only at the air. Canada center.
Right. Those are your real hockey fans up there.
Yeah.
Shane was a question. He'll totally came with the question.
Yes, sir.
My wife is Jewish. Can I hear run around you?
Okay.
Thank you, buddy.
And have a great day.
Run around you. Do you know how long it's been since I played that?
It's my story. It's great.
But true.
So I will play it in a little while.
I just want to make sure it's still in there. It's doesn't sound like there's a little group.
Yeah.
By the way, it's our quiet time here at WQA.
Be quiet.
Don't talk about it. It's quiet time.
The lawyers are calling. Greg is having a nervous breakdown scratching with that big gaping hole is in the middle of his head.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line.
8 7 7 7 8 5 6 3 4 5. You're right. That line's pretty weak.
That out of town line, even in Palm Beach, even in Fort Myers, even in Naples, even in Port Charlotte.
Pretty God damn weak.
Fort Blood and Tears, you haven't got any idea how I had a fight.
Trenton, murder, suicide, everything out of the sun to get them to put that line in here.
We never even dreamed that they would.
And they finally did.
And just as usual, you know.
Just when you think you accomplished something.
Now, who is that?
Is that somebody I'm supposed to know? Andy on a mobile?
Oh, I forgot to put the last thing on there. Moss.
Andy in Moss, what the hell does he want?
Neil. Yes.
How you doing? Okay.
Welcome back.
I'm calling for a specific reason.
You said that Mike Tyson, they would pay to watch Mike Tyson fight a wine mariner?
Yeah.
I have a wine mariner.
I want him to kick his ass.
I don't doubt it, but they'd still pay to watch it.
I know it.
Welcome back. Georgia did a good job.
He keeps the native rest with hotel.
He gets people fired up.
What did he do?
He does a good job.
He just gets a lot of calls.
The phones are going.
He gets a lot of calls.
You try to make me feel bad.
George gets the calls.
I'm just saying the people that call him are very fired up.
They call it up.
They're very fired up.
Far enough about what?
Whatever he's talking about.
He gets people irritated.
And I don't.
You know you do.
No, no, I don't get people irritated.
George gets people irritated.
It's better than tape.
Yeah.
I'm not debating that.
I think George is a fine job considering all things equal.
I hadn't talked to you in a while.
I called because he's short.
But anyway, welcome back.
Take it easy.
Thanks Andy.
All right Neil.
Thanks for making me feel so good.
I mean, 56670560,
pound 560 on the AT&T line.
See, I look at it this way, Mr.
I don't have a goddamn thing left to prove except that paycheck.
You know what I'm talking about?
That's all I care about.
That's a terrible thing to admit.
That's all I care about.
Just keep giving me the checks.
Because I already knew all about this company inside of it.
I know that I work for a bunch of phonies and losers.
I mean, this is amateur.
Even Ted Mack would have gone to this place long time ago
and would have punched that gong.
Gong these bastards out.
Here's Homestead.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
First of all, your last caller.
I'm considering to be a real cigar leaker.
Because he's a cigar leaker?
Yeah, he's such a, you know what, the will.
Is that like a vacuum?
Look here, is that it?
That's correct.
But anyway, is it back up your big black ass over here?
Something like that?
Excuse me?
Whatever that I said.
Back up your ass.
Whatever we're talking about.
Well, that's what I want to talk about.
Are you talking about black music about that but ass stuff?
Well, I'm not talking about it.
That kid was talking about it because you know it.
I don't know the record yet, but I'm going to want to buy it.
Well, what about the Jewish shum?
How about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, what?
What?
You know, what about the Jewish song that you guys think about?
How about, how about a, how about a big one?
Is that what you said?
Something like that.
Yeah, it sounds to me like you're the expert pal.
I'm finding them.
Good luck here.
And don't pack into it either by the way.
Don't pack that ass up.
You're it.
A lot of bad stuff going around, man.
And five six seven, oh five, 60 pound five, 60 on the AT&T line.
Oh, now it's the Jewish songs.
That's where the problem is is those then racist and sexist and bigoted Jewish songs.
Like how about a big one?
What was he trying to say?
How about a one?
Have a, have a fan of Tampa?
Hey, what's wrong with a nice Jewish boy?
When it was big like my old friend, the late Alan Finkelson with a big cigar and his purse.
Alan would have never been Alan if he didn't have a nice big cigar and his purse.
That's what made him what he was.
That's what probably stuck him in the ground too.
But that's the way it goes.
You know, you take your chances.
Just like your friend, Al Ghoulstein there, with his 45 points.
Now every, there's a place called Jammin on the Damrak.
It's a big candy store, J-A-M-I-N.
And it's one of those places where you like bulk, you know, you go in and buy all different kinds of.
And in the front now they've got two gigantic coolers that Ben and Jerry's ice cream.
And every time I would walk by there, I would think immediately of Al Ghoulstein.
I don't know what it was, but you walk into Albert Tines.
It's not Albert Tines, the big department store, the supermarket.
And you go and walk by the thing there with the ice cream.
There's Ben and Jerry's, eight million flavors.
Every time I'd walk by that, I'd think of Al Ghoulstein.
Every time I think of a big fat dead Jew, I think of Al Ghoulstein.
26th after 1 at 5.60 WQAM.
Only once out for our radio station has...
I took over weekday afternoons at two sports radio 5.60 Q-A-M.
What is a buffalo dill?
It's my story, it's strange but true.
I'm about to miss you, but I want to know.
It's so cute, pushed up, it's ran around.
You don't have to know, people will now...
I'm about to miss you, I'm about to miss you.
I'm about to miss you, I'm about to miss you.
I'm about to miss you, I'm about to miss you.
I'm about to miss you, I'm about to miss you.
I'm about to miss you, I'm about to miss you.
I'm about to miss you, I'm about to miss you.
I'm about to miss you, I'm about to miss you.
I'm about to miss you, I'm about to miss you.
I'm about to miss you, I'm about to miss you.
I'm about to miss you, I'm about to miss you.
I'm about to miss you, I'm about to miss you.
I'm about to miss you, I'm about to miss you.
I'm about to miss you, I'm about to miss you.
I'm about to miss you, I'm about to miss you.
I'm about to miss you, I'm about to miss you.
I'm about to miss you, I'm about to miss you.
I'm about to miss you, I'm about to miss you.
I'm about to miss you, I'm about to miss you.
I'm about to miss you, I'm about to miss you.
I'm about to miss you, I'm about to miss you.
I'm about to miss you, I'm about to miss you.
He may let us in a cute way.
We can help you.
We shareail vice-or.
We shareail vice-or's, we shareail vice-or's, we shareail vice-or's.
I don't know why I should do that.
Who does the only misleading thing?
He hardly calls me.
This guy is the only ridiculous mentioning.
You know that's the right.
You guys think that brother is right about these blue cards.
134.56 TWQIM.
Oh my God.
And see, I was just thinking about Al Goldstein.
The difference between a Goy and a Jew,
the big defining difference is that when it comes to food and sex
with the Jewish guy, the food will always win out.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
The guy called you earlier, Black guy from Kibis game.
Right.
And I just want to let you know that guy's an imposter
because anybody that lives in Kali knows
there's no Black people in Kibis game.
Oh, there's a couple of slipped in there.
You better watch him.
No, no, no, no.
I go there all the time.
There's nothing in there.
There's nothing in there.
The other thing about the Black serial killers.
Yes.
The reason why they aren't any of them.
Wait a minute.
How about the guy from Atlanta?
We mentioned him a couple weeks ago.
Well, I mean, there's a few.
But what happened is I was watching it on the scum.
We got a bad dinner smart enough to get away with multiple.
And so after one or two, they get caught.
Oh, God.
All right.
OK, thanks.
There must be why there's no Hispanic serial killers.
Well, that's right.
There was the one in California.
Now, what about the green?
I saw this thing on MSNBC about five minutes of last night.
The green river killer was at the one in California
that they never caught.
And they were questioning Bundy.
Huh?
The serial killer in California.
When you get with it, what kind of a little day?
The green river guy.
But I don't know what happened with that.
They never found out who it was.
And they asked Bundy.
And he said, the one good thing I love, even though he
managed to squeeze all those last years at our expense,
the taxpayer expense here in Florida,
is that every one of these pieces,
you see, he was scared, crapless to die.
Bundy, scared to death, so to speak.
And guess what?
Took a long time, but eventually, he cried his ass.
All right.
There's a good white boy, Ted Bundy.
Here's Hylia.
Hello.
And you're welcome back.
Thank you.
How about the Black Jews?
How do they treat their bitches?
That's a good question.
That's like Black Fags.
How do they tip?
Yeah.
Do they with old money, plight or something?
We'll take a poll.
We'll take a survey.
OK.
To change the subject.
We'll call Black Caru and see how he'd be doing.
All right.
Yeah, Rod Caru.
He's Latin, Black Jew.
All right.
He's got a covered.
Exactly.
To change the subject.
They're in a fat Jew bag, yeah.
Last week, John Henry is latest scam
that has to take it to the voters.
I must be crazy.
I must be not.
Yeah.
Exactly.
By lobbying the Tallahassee legislature
to force an election in November of 2000.
Yeah.
That's his latest.
Well, that's good, because you know what the answer's going to be.
No.
No, no.
Right.
And you guys, and this is insider information from his camp.
Yes.
And that fails that he was going to wait till after you were off the air.
He's going to elect her.
I'm off the year for what?
Because I guess you're a thorn on his side.
Well, what does that have to do with the election?
If the election's going to be in November of 2000, I'm not going to be off the year.
Right.
But if it fails, he won't try to get the stadium built till after you're off the air.
OK, great.
I might tack another three, four years on.
Who's that?
Not.
Have a great day, pal.
Hey, how about then Dolphin?
OK.
Yeah.
Just say, oh, John Henry, OK.
I must be crazy.
I must be nuts.
I must know the beastly to.
Oh, I'm sorry.
It's a quiet period.
I'm sorry.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I mean, you know something that was the defining moment of working for this company.
Having a man come running in here looking like he had just been in the goddamn state banquet
with his fly open.
You know, seriously, with this look of terror, shared terror on his face, all the lawyers
are coming by.
I'll read it a push, you know.
As opposed to just like a businessman, I mean, if this is such a major dealing, put out
this memo, which now thanks to me, there is a memo that should have been out beforehand,
and he should have gone to Bluff Lindsay and said in your spare time in between making
up the schedules here and crying.
Make a goddamn memo out saying, here's the deal that's going down, and we can't talk
about it.
And that's a quiet period.
That's that.
That's all.
That's the way you're doing a real business.
But they don't know how to do that here because it's not a real business.
It's monkey business.
No, I didn't say porch monkey business.
I said, just regular plain old white folk monkey business.
How do you like that?
Well, not only white.
Roll.
And him too.
Always got to be one.
22 before two at five, 60 WQA.
I have my nose up kneels, I ask.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, how does that feel?
You're getting back to ass off that thing.
Is that how that goes?
All your kids out there when, when your parents start giving you a bunch of crap, especially
like in a store, something like that.
Just say, back you ass away, okay?
Huh?
Back you ass off that thing.
Here's the Jethro again, who's in Alder Springs, California.
I wouldn't read the second facts again, but it is rather amusing.
It said, I like your show, but you show no consideration for the Afro-American community.
Do you intend on continuing your attacks due to your low self-esteem and racism?
I don't know.
I don't know.
We don't deserve this from you.
You come back from your vacation and attack us.
Why didn't you stay in Amsterdam?
That's a good question, Jethro, that I would ask in myself for the last three hours.
Maybe you're jealous because we're better at sports than whites, NBA, NFL, Major League Baseball,
left out the NHL.
Also, angst black women, if whites sexually satisfy them, better than darkies.
Of course not, they don't have the equipment.
Says Jethro in Alder Springs, California.
There's the answer for you, baby.
Yeah, you want to get treated good and have that big gigantic tool also, huh?
No way.
Can't have everything.
Spoiled bitches.
Anyway, here's a fact from one of my Dutch listeners who says,
what a shame we in Holland don't ask you well or care where you are,
what you're from, you're ethnic background, you're shoe size.
That's right, nice going there, my good Dutch friend.
I'll still be whatever the hell that means.
Don Kuebel.
Here's the mobile and pember pine.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Man, you know what?
I want to talk to you about the Lord, man.
About what?
About Jesus Christ.
Jack Lord?
Jack Lord, he be dead.
No, man, the Lord Jesus Christ, man.
Who that, yeah.
What that be?
Man, is that a pigment of your imagination, sir?
No, sir.
It's a reality.
Yeah.
Definitely.
You know what I'm talking about?
Oh.
There was never any such person as Jesus.
Oh, and he hung up the phone.
He hung up the phone.
Look at that.
I got my finger straight up in the ear here.
I didn't even know where near the goddamn phone.
He hung up on me.
There is my good religious friend for you right there.
Yeah, ma.
I want to talk to me about Jesus, freaking Christ.
Cox, a hoist pal, okay?
Back you asked up on this.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, and that's how that goes.
I think that's how it goes.
Uh-huh.
Back your black ass up on this, uh, something like that.
On this little telephone pool.
Or on some old pool.
Here's a North Miami Beach.
Hello.
Yes, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
Welcome back.
Sure.
I love your show and I also love your philosophy.
You really make a lot of sense.
But I wouldn't know from you.
I mean, you could have offended sometimes when people criticize George being in there.
And I will tell you, I cannot stand in for one second listening to them.
No, it's not a question.
But what's the point?
If you don't like him being on, he's not going to not be on.
He's going to be on as long as I go on vacation.
He's going to be on.
I mean, the whole, the whole, the whole thing here.
He just talked about couple things and he, every time you listen to him,
likes like religion, talking about the Cuban, talking about his mother, you know, all of his other things.
And you can say the word.
He never even said the word Cuban.
He said Puerto Ricans about several times.
No, no.
Pixar on those Puerto Ricans.
Puerto Ricans back there.
Yeah, crap, yeah.
So you don't like George when he does this show.
So what am I supposed to do about it?
Don't put him in the show.
He will be on the show.
All right, good luck.
Okay, goodbye.
There you go.
I guess we settled that.
Yeah.
To go to all the fashion, the Arrogers way, right?
Yeah.
He'll be on the show.
Okay, goodbye.
Goodbye.
Just like I compare it on that guy,
I didn't eat a million dollar computer ahead.
Goodbye.
By the way, speaking of Gary Sarner, where is that putt wacker?
Did he ever bring that information up that I was supposed to do bad?
I can't call somebody and talk to them, Gary Sarner.
Unless you come back with the information, okay?
You little silly person, you.
You know, the best part about Gary Sarner is he's like one of the,
he's like on the edge of the inner circle.
You know what I'm talking about?
He's like on the periphery of the inner core, the untouchables here.
But he's only been fired about 15 times since he's been here.
So he's never really going to be on the inside.
He's always just like on the fringes.
Yeah.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
Welcome back.
I know everybody's saying that.
Yeah, they're all saying back now that we're getting the few of them.
Wait, he's here.
They wait to get on the welcome back, then they pull it out from underneath you.
But I wanted to, that guy that just called to, I mean, everybody knows,
when George is coming on, they know when he's coming on.
Well, if they don't like you, they're coming back.
But what is the point of discussing that?
I mean, if they don't like when he's on, they don't have to listen when he's on.
They don't like when I'm on, they don't have to listen when I'm on.
What difference does it make?
We do the best we can.
We take the money and that's it.
George is a good guy.
Give me a free case of beer.
Here you go.
What more could you want?
And that guy that called earlier about the tipping on, uh, out of takeout?
No, that's ridiculous.
I mean, you can, I mean,
I'll just be like, you know,
you can keep tipping in a convenience store, you know?
Yeah, I mean,
I think the person, if they have like a tip, a special window for takeouts and stuff,
that person's working just as a way to just like the other people that work in there.
You can throw them a little change.
He could throw the change, yeah.
Yeah, throw a little change in there.
I know that guy's a cheap guy from Buffalo.
He prick, yeah.
Oh, he's from Buffalo.
What do you expect?
I didn't realize you had so many, uh, brothers listening either, Neil.
But you see, that's why it's good that I bring these things up because these are the things that get the brothers to call.
We get some people that got an IQ larger than their, uh, equipment.
And it's good.
Yes, it is.
Great radio.
I'm going to have a great day.
I wouldn't say that.
No, it's not.
But I mean, at least kill some time as opposed to the first hour, whatever it hell was,
when I'm sitting here pleading and begging for calls because I'm not here talking about swing clubs.
I mean, yeah, that's what Lenny's buddy there who called in earlier,
which he didn't really need to call.
He's a good guy.
We appreciated the great ride home yesterday, but you already said the same thing off the air.
Don't start getting chronic, uh, hobby or whatever your name was.
Ripon, George and I saw he's got a good off that play.
Those repeat retreat.
You know, he acted like that was the only thing you talked about all week.
I said, oh, Jesus, not again.
He barely even mentioned that.
He barely even mentioned it.
By the way, did you go there?
I see that was, yeah.
And it was great.
You get squirted on again?
No, not me.
See, I want to tell you something.
I can't think of anything.
I'm trying to, I'll go then participating, other than actually touching.
I can't think of anything faguer than being squirted upon.
No question.
By the nail agent of another person.
That would be freaking nightmare.
Okay.
Good.
We agree on that.
We just have a different outlook on it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's plantation.
Hello.
Good afternoon, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm from up in the last time, uh, every time I visit my mother down here,
sorry, I look forward to just show.
Oh.
Anyway, yeah, let me ask you a personal question first.
I visited Amsterdam three times in 1697.
Well, that's definitely a history, yeah.
Yeah, and I lived in Copenhagen and Sweden for a period of time.
Copenhagen, yes.
Let me ask you, um, I preferred Copenhagen to Amsterdam,
even then when Amsterdam was really crazy that the German hit these on the AT&T line.
Yeah.
And, uh, I, I assume you visited Copenhagen twice, not twice.
Yeah, yeah.
What do you feel in Copenhagen?
Copenhagen is very quiet now.
It's changed dramatically.
It's become, it's a beautiful city.
Right.
And the people are very beautiful, but it's not anything like what it was when you were there.
Right.
Very quiet.
Yeah, we're beautiful, and it was great.
Uh-huh.
And then my, uh, my statement to you is also that regarding the book of Nazi folk, you know,
very, uh, a little is said in the papers or anywhere, especially in New York Times,
about television about during the war, the way the Serbian helped the Jews.
They were fervent anti-Nazis, and they, uh, they accepted Jews as a partisan
those that were able to escape.
And the Kroats were the worst anti-Somites, and they were so pro-Nazis, and they worked in the camps,
they worked in the camps.
What are you, are you trying to use that to justify?
No, no, no, no.
No, no, no.
What about, what is the point?
My point is also, is that the Pope at that time helped the Nazis escape through the rat lines,
and especially the Kroats that were involved.
Right.
And they escaped any persecution, if it was a war.
And, um, that's why, uh, I'm not condoning what's going on now over there,
and actually with the Serbians and the Kroats, but it's just a piece of history that's very little publicized.
Well, everybody, in fact, it should be mandatory reading in all schools in this country, Hitler's Pope.
This book should be, uh, well, for sure.
Right, but there are other books also about what went on there, and the way, you know,
over in that period, and, you know, it's, I think it's also revolved around the anti-communism,
and that's one reason why supposedly they say that that Pope was so pro-Nazis,
because he was afraid of the communist.
Oh, yeah, that's always the other side.
Right, right, right, but it was also what the fact is about then.
You never met a Nazi, didn't you, right?
Great thing my friends.
Thank you.
I'll call you then.
Okay, 152 at 560 WQAM.
This is 560 QAL.
No offense football.
Sports radio.
560 QAL.
Heal Roger.
Five.
Five.
Five.
Five.
Five.
Five.
Five.
Five.
Five.
Five.
Five.
Five.
Five.
Four.
Five.
Five.
Five.
Five.
Five.
The other.
One.
How'd he press any spying on, baby?
But I'm sure a lot of you are going to act like assholes.
And next door we got 33 days today as the 29, 2, and 31, 33 days.
Less than 33 days now, as in 14 hours less.
How do you like that?
32 and a half days, and the sky is going to be falling.
Anybody believe that?
You'll still be acting some of you like a bunch of idiots.
Wanted to take out your money.
By the way, I never played Westball to them.
Very disappointed because you won't like it.
So you're kind of music, and they're five guys.
They like that.
They're from England.
No, I'm not going to play all of them.
Where are we?
Where are we?
Where you know this is not you?
Oh, you can't say that in words.
I'm sorry.
To ask the sunrise on your face.
Next we'll do some kisses.
No, that can say I'm not you.
Let me give inside more place.
I'm going to play.
I'm going to play.
I'm going to play.
I'm going to play.
I'm going to play.
Westball.
Well, get out of here.
We'll get there from Britain.
They're great.
Don't look all that great.
They're okay.
But that's not the point.
They can actually sing a little bit.
It'll be here someday.
Maybe power 96 will put that someday.
No.
No, count.
I'll count.
I'll count.
When kids, career discovers Westlife, then they'll be planted in power 96.
If you discovered all the other British music that John gave them.
