Sport Radio 560 W2AM Miami 4 Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
To talk to Neil called 567-0560 toll-free for date and brower, or pound 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil is guests, callers, or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM,
and be easily read acquisitions or the recently broadcast group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sport Radio 560 QAM.
Okay, f***ing blow!
All right.
What treated you badly?
I know that was right.
Like a fist in the ocean, strumming or long.
They're not found out the show.
This on me and I can't.
Please say it, hey, over.
Would you give me a clue?
Blow me!
Okay.
I'm a little cute.
What you blow me?
Just one kiss of you.
Yeah, you can show me.
The shoes of you.
If you blow me, they're just one thing of you.
Blow me!
One extra kiss.
What you blow me?
Just one extra kiss.
Blow me!
Just one little kiss.
Blow me!
Just one little kiss.
Oh, wow.
I don't feel it.
560 WQ.
I'm a happy Monday to you.
And I'm going to tell you those sports holes are so predictable.
I'm just loving it.
I'm squeezing myself.
I'm so excited.
First, the Huracones get their asses wamp up.
I've been getting sick.
Let's hear it.
All right.
Nice call, boys.
And then, Jimmy, we got a stop to be special.
Get this ass kicked up there in Buffalo.
Big time yesterday.
And he's blamed me.
And he's blaming the media.
And too much attention on this.
And they're calling it, oh, we want Danny back.
Now we like Danny.
You're so predictable.
It's just embarrassing.
Don't you have any shame?
No.
Any sense of embarrassment, humiliation?
No.
Degrevation?
No.
Too face-ness?
No.
Anything.
No.
But anyway, that's the way it goes.
They got their asses kicked.
And that's, you know, that's sports, baby.
You win some, you lose some.
And some get rained up.
Nothing good will come from overpopulation.
Here's another great letter.
By the way, thanks to our friends at Legal Seafood for a nice breakfast this morning.
Nothing like a real good shrimp cocktail and some clam chowder for breakfast.
What's wrong with that?
How many years have I been telling you people you don't have to have goddamn cereal and eggs for breakfast?
Where did that ever come from?
Did God write it in the Bible?
You're supposed to eat certain things for breakfast?
No.
What's wrong with shrimp cocktail and clam chowder for breakfast from Legal Seafood?
Thank you guys.
That was great.
Great letter to the editor today.
In a sunsendle, by the way, every day pretty much you can find one that stands out either because it's so good or generally because it's so bad.
Today's being very good.
From Chuck Irvine and sunrise.
Nice going Chuck.
Sounds like a nice Jewish boy to me.
Who says nothing good will ever come or Chuck.
No one needs Jewish guy's name Chuck Irvine sounds, you know.
Not really.
Irvine sounds like those horse people from Ohio down Irvine, Jr. and senior and those guys.
Like I said, nice go to your boy.
But seriously, just come up with one Jewish guy named Chuck.
Are there Jewish Charles's?
Early trying to see George is back and right off the bat.
He's starting to twist things around.
Chuck.
Like Chuck Meyer.
Now see Chuck Meyer sounds Jewish.
No.
No.
But that sounded like he was in a little mustache.
Now he was alright.
Chuck, I'm trying to think, have I ever met one Jewish guy in the world?
How about Chuck Zink?
Is he Jewish?
No.
Chuck, ground Chuck.
Chuck roast.
Chuck roast.
Chuck Schwartz.
Well somebody in there, I mentioned there's a Jewish Chuck.
Somebody in this audience knows a Jew named Chuck.
But anyway, nothing good will ever come from overpopulation as the heading.
And it says on October 12th, the United Nations announced the birth of the 6th
billionth person on his planet Earth.
This is definitely no time for jubilation.
No.
Overpopulation is a direct threat to human beings.
Just 50 years ago, scientists announced that this planet couldn't support 3 billion people.
So officially we couldn't feed them.
Give them jobs, proper medical treatment.
Now we're faced with 6 billion people.
God dammit.
Americans have not yet experienced a full impact of overpopulation.
However, China for many years has been aborting millions of newborns.
And families are allowed only one daughter.
India's got millions of homeless people begging for food in the street.
Bangladesh has got millions of children dying of starvation in disease.
Wherever overpopulation exists, people lose their sense of dignity in the moral code and lower themselves to animals.
Says Chuck.
Nothing good will come from overpopulation.
Only famine and perhaps war will be the outcome for future inhabitants.
There you go.
Makes a lot of sense to me.
If anybody with a brain, stop making so goddamn it, babies.
Forsterilization, you can screw your brains out.
Okay?
Then we don't have to worry about your reproducing.
Screw your brains out.
Have a good time.
Just stop reproducing.
Because things like birth control and plant hair in an all those, that's a little bit too complicated.
We don't have time to wait for dumb people to be taught those things.
And to wait for the right wingers to let us teach them those things.
So just sterilize all these barbaric people.
Okay, please.
Well, we do it today.
Sounds good.
Here's probably a little known fact from the dolphin business in Buffalo yesterday.
But if you scour the columns, there's always something in their worthwhile that most people don't know and also don't care about.
The back street boys were in Buffalo for weekend concerts and along with the countless teenage girls that stuck their hotel, they had one more unlikely fan.
Dolphins guard Kevin Donnelly.
Oi!
Took a pad and pen and tried to get members of the band to sign autographs part of the yesterday's game.
But he was rebuffed by security that surrounded the band, which was at the stadium, the singman national anthem.
While it's uncertain whether Donnelly wanted to get autographed for himself at his possible, he wanted the signatures for his three-year-old daughter, Kayla.
See, that's always the way these guys do it.
Just like John Penis in our sales department, pretends that it's his daughter that's obsessed with 98 degrees.
He knows the lyrics of every song.
Oh, yeah, comes in here the other day.
Oh, did you get the Christmas album yet? You got that yet?
He can give you the name of every song. The lyrics he can sing along.
Yeah.
Even those Nick and Jeff's the shoe size from 98 degrees.
But no, that's his daughter, that's a big fan.
And so the same with Kevin Donnelly.
So if he's out with a Humper this week, by the way, it's kind of embarrassing as I was watching Hank on ESPN yesterday.
And when they threw it to him, they were talking about the backstreet boys that did the singman national anthem.
Yeah, that's what they said in Hank kind of way.
Yeah!
Like that. Like what is he supposed to say, you know?
You got a twirl by the way.
This right on the heels of us talking about this last week in the Sun Sentinel.
This was the over weekend Saturday's paper we yesterday.
Did you hear about this about how they had a fingerprint all the priest and the employees of the art studies of Miami last Friday?
Yeah, they took their fingerprints.
I said they should have took their tongue prints and their lip prints would have been a lot better.
I'm sure if I don't think fingerprints show up on your own as all the boys penises.
So they should have been taking like tongue prints and lip prints from the lips.
Gump prints.
Yeah, that's what the priest says.
I'm coming. I'm coming.
When they call me, I'm coming.
Eventually, I'll get there.
Fingerprinting can protect you.
How do you like that?
Here's a sad and shocking sign of the times it says.
South Florida's Catholic priest nuns seminary students.
Is that Seminal?
Layworkers and church volunteers are being fingerprinted to see if any have been arrested or convicted of serious crimes,
including child abuse.
And it goes down about how troubling this is.
3,800 employees and 700 volunteers to work with children the elderly disabled workers.
They had to be fingerprinted.
It says while troubling, it's also logical wise and necessary for the church to take this extraordinary step across America and around the world.
The church has been played with cases of certain priests, of certain priests, certain priests that said,
involved in sexual abuse of adults and children.
People fact in the church.
As a consequence, the church has faced embarrassing publicity, a loss of insurance and multi-billion dollar civil damage lawsuits from victims and their families.
So now they've got a fingerprint like where is Jack Webb?
He's like that.
It's a criminal organization.
We have to go in there and fingerprint him and I guarantee yesterday morning and all day yesterday, a lot of you people right there subsidizing this corrupt institution,
which by the way, they're very upset about dogma now.
About this new movie?
How much does somebody in the audience may have seen this already?
Dogma.
I don't know if they're upset about.
There have been 85 million movies out there, skating movies.
The exorcist, all the godfather movies, priest, nasty habits.
There have been 50, like I said, 20 million movies, rip into Catholic church and rightfully so, and they're upset again.
And the filmmaker who's a devout Catholic, by the way, Kevin Smith, he says, what's it all about?
I'll be, I'm just trying to make some money.
They have no sense of humor.
They have no sense of humor.
See, when you're paranoid like that, because you know it's true.
You know it's all true.
That's why you react and lash out.
Like some asshole they hit on their own CNN last night just lashing out.
This is this, grateful.
This is disgusting.
Just like this program, right?
Tell us after 10 at 560 WQM.
No portion of this broadcast may be reproduced without the express written permission of WQAM deeply re-equazitioned court.
That's it, Ram!
While spending the remainder of your golden years in the land of death, the one thing you have to defend on is your car.
With two canoe theft on the rise, the people who brought you a big black guy named Ben Karlar, now bring you an old Jewish guy named Isaac.
Get away from my supportive of the old.
You big M.F.
Remember when we used to post a packet of carabiner?
And we ought to get a wonderful finish, baby.
Dwight was a cooler.
Get away from my supportive of the old.
You big M.F.
What the hell is that?
I object seriously.
So, fantasy like that.
Get away from my supportive of the old.
You big M.F.
You get away from my supportive of the old.
You big M.F.
Whenever some past tries to steal my car, I feel safer with an old Jewish guy named Isaac.
Get away from my supportive of the old.
You big M.F.
Get your old Jewish guy named Isaac Karlar now.
And receive a free flower antenna.
Get away, get away, get away from my supportive of the old.
You big M.F.
And hold Jewish guy named Isaac in car alarm.
I will be able to blow it all.
There is stories.
At 15 to 560 WQM, so Saturday at specs, we had, I wouldn't say a mob scene because it's not the kind of a place.
And by the way, thanks again to our friends at specs, they're doing a great job for us. They're tremendous.
We didn't have a mob scene because it's like a standalone store and they have a limited amount of parking.
It's in the Gables there right across from the U.N.
And we had a steady flow of people and it must have been too bad because we raised $3,350 on Saturday.
I just got the numbers here from Carol.
That's pretty good.
Had a lot of very fine people around Saturday.
Like I said.
And we really did. We had a lot of living and breathing people, which is great.
But the point is, I'm looking at my total now, $48,632.
And it's the 15th. It's the midpoint in November.
All I can say is.
I mean, between the start with the CDs being screwed up in the beginning, we lost two thirds of the month of October.
And then we had that famous golf tournament.
Yeah.
That famous golf tournament.
But I will say there's the big hits so far along with the CDs.
By the way, those t-shirts are disaster.
They should have had the pope, the picture of me doing the pope on the t-shirt.
See, that's what I wanted.
Do I, does it make any difference what I want?
No, I'm just small potatoes.
I didn't think we were going to have any.
Yeah, but we shouldn't have had him with the picture with the pope on it.
Everybody loves that.
But going over biggest by far.
And a couple of people have said to me, you know, $20 for those keychains.
Because it's not just a keychain.
A tattoo is like a little two by two bucks.
That's his new Roger Center one.
Doesn't say QIM on it, by the way.
Thank God.
As if they deserve any publicity.
No.
Oh, God.
But anyway, they, you know, have a little, the sounds.
And if you hold them down, they repeat.
And the kids, especially the ones like 30 and 40 years old, are having a great time.
No, seriously, they're getting like red in the face with these things.
The little kids, especially, but yeah, like about 50 and 60, those kids.
So a very interesting thing happened along with the fine, interesting looking people that showed up there on Saturday at specs.
Our old friend Adam showed up.
The former producer of the Rick and Sides Show, my close personal friend Adam.
Who's a good guy?
We like Adam.
Even though he's a little bit, you know, group-ish.
Well, remember that old website?
Yeah, we remember those days.
But nevertheless, so Adam shows up with his, not girlfriend, his fiance.
Okay, who seemed like a nice lady?
Seemed like.
And we're talking to these Tommy Hockler channel is the worst.
And about how Rick went through this whole thing.
Are you leaving because of me?
Was it me?
Just like the Marvin thing.
Every time the producer quits on that show, Rick goes through this long, psychotic thing.
Is it because of me?
And of course, the, everybody knows the answer is yes.
What was it?
Yes.
Yeah, because you Rick.
Because you're impossible to work with.
Because you're just a pain in the ass.
Because it seems to me that there are people in this business always blame their failures or whatever it is.
And they're producers.
So we could put somebody else's fault.
The dog done it.
You know, if I'd john varnay, the dog done it.
Somebody else did it, like with OJ.
And it's the same thing over there, a queer channel.
But anyway, so Adam's there with his fiance.
And we're talking about this, talking about that.
He's wandering around.
He loves the CDs.
Will they cover their me with the whole thing on?
All of a sudden, not a nowhere, he says.
As they're standing off to my left.
I don't know if the audience is ready for this.
I know I sure wasn't.
So whatever her name was, I apologize if I forget what her name was.
Now you'll understand why I'm forgetting.
He says, my friend here, she's the, I don't have time to care, lady.
Yeah.
Oy!
From two weeks ago, was that you were still here?
That was before you went away?
Yeah, from a couple of weeks ago.
When we had all the shootings, and we're talking about all these kids getting killed and kids killing other kids.
And all these horrible things.
And this woman calls it on issue and goes through a big song of dance about being indifferent.
And then she says, I don't have time to care.
Not only don't I care, but I don't have time to care.
I guess she's busy taking care of her.
A lot.
Or whatever they're doing.
So she don't have time to care.
They left shortly after that, by the way.
It was kind of like a conversation stopper.
You know what I'm saying?
Kind of like there was a dark paw over the entire proceeding at that point for a few seconds, until they kind of like wandered away.
She's the I don't have time to care.
And I said, oh no, you've got to be joking.
You are joking, aren't you?
And she said, no, that's me.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Miami.
Our first call of a new week.
After waiting 18 minutes and 18 seconds.
I reach over, I put my finger on it, I say, here's Miami.
And there's nobody there.
Here's a mobile in the keys. Hello.
Good morning.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Good things.
I'm going to get off the top of Barry's case.
Now that he scored a gold in place so well.
Who's on his case?
Excuse me, one number two.
Who's on his case?
Who's on his case?
You are.
No, I'm not.
I'm a snake.
I said, certainly said what you were on Friday.
I said that people were getting very sick and tired of having him not playing.
And we wanted to see him play and he played in the scored a beautiful goal.
And we were very excited.
And that was great.
That's pretty fine distinction.
Yeah.
I think it's better than Saturday, and he was great meeting you.
Yeah.
You have a nice day.
Okay.
There's another guy with no material.
I wonder which one he was.
He certainly wasn't one of the fine looking young people.
I was telling Georgia Bob, before the show, I'm sorry.
Not that it's hard, but nevertheless I'm selfish.
So I tell everybody about these things.
Yeah, there were a lot of really fine people there.
For me, 5.6705.60, 0.560.
We're looking for Jews named Chuck.
Are we going to find any?
No.
No.
By the way, the Panthers got ratio for the Zivic Phantom, by the way.
So we're glad to have him back from a selfish standpoint.
We're very happy about that.
But you know, you see what we're looking for?
No.
I don't think so.
Should've gotten Stevie Sullivan up to that right now, but he's too small.
He's a lot of too small, guys.
And this organization, we know that.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yeah, how are you doing?
Great.
I was watching the Chicago Minnesota Game yesterday, and the announcers
said after, they've been saying this for the past couple of weeks now,
that when the Minnesota, the kicker for Minnesota missed the field goal to win the game,
Walter Payton must have had a hand on the ball.
And then, and then, and then maybe he maybe his liver was on the ball.
Yeah, but then, but then, but then, okay, then the bears get the ball back
and over time, they have a chance to win it, but their kicker misses it.
So what happened to Walter Payton there?
But a dead man can only get involved so much, you know?
I don't want to kind of peed it out by the time overtime came.
And then Minnesota gets the ball back, and of course, Anderson hits the, hits the field goal
to win the game.
So what happened there?
You, like I said, he went and doubt he peered out.
I just think he's announcers talking like this.
I just, I think it's ridiculous.
But, but that's the way Americans talk.
That's the way this phony thing.
Oh, he's looking down on us now.
I'm sure he's watching now.
You know, when somebody croaks, they're in a box in the ground.
They're not up in the sky somewhere looking down.
No, but the thing is no one knows who knows him.
Maybe he is, maybe he isn't, but why even say it?
You don't mean nobody knows.
Somebody knows what happened.
If there's a guy, if somebody goes to the sky, if you go up to the sky,
or if you were in the ground.
Let me ask you something.
Have you ever been in a plane?
Yes.
Okay. Now, when you're up at a plane, like 33,000 feet up in a year.
Right.
But at that point, you realize you look down and you see the earth, and you realize,
and you look up, there's no such thing as up.
Don't you understand?
There's no up in the sky.
There's no up, there's no down in the space.
What does that mean?
Up in the sky.
It's a plane.
It's water, paton's head.
He's blocking the field goal.
Oh, I said it.
Who knows what happens to you?
Maybe he's going to happen, maybe he knows.
Maybe we just start fighting.
Let me say it again.
You go into a box in the ground.
We know.
Okay, we know.
We know.
Really?
But why even say it?
Okay, have a great day.
You're saying it for the 10th time.
But you're being evasive because you don't want to face the fact.
See, I realize it's not a pleasant thing.
But if we can't even agree on that, if you can't accept that,
what's the point of talking about anything?
You know what I'm saying?
Oh!
Exactly.
Yeah.
I mean, if we can't even agree on something as basic as that.
You live your life, you die, you go in a box, they stick you in the ground,
everybody cries a lot, then they go eat, and then they go on in because life is for the living.
That's what it is.
You don't go up in the sky.
I love when they say that.
Heaven, oh, that's up there.
And hell, that's down there.
That's...
Oh!
It's down there.
Hmm.
And you're going to be there, Neil.
Oh, I can't wait.
No, I'm not going to be down here.
I'm already there.
I'm already in hell.
Believe me.
George discovered that when he came back to work today.
Oh, my God, North Carolina wasn't so bad.
I'm in hell.
I'm back here.
Oh, yeah.
But they're getting the job done out here.
We got some fresh paint out of walls out here.
They're getting ready to put the new carpeting down out there.
They're getting ready to put the ceiling tile up.
I guarantee you, sometime in the next millennium,
we'll get this goddamn project done.
I'm going.
Want to be easily greased.
Nice going, boys.
What a bunch of clowns, man.
Cheap, cheap, cheap, cheap.
If you'd paid a goddamn contract,
oh, and by the way, you know how long it took to build.
Where did I see this?
Oh, it was Mike Wallace.
It was on the Enews the other night.
The Empire State Building.
You know how long it took to build it?
13 months.
13 months.
Here we are on the third floor in some
Dickey 3 floor office building.
By the day-broward line in the Enem's Velt,
in the middle of nowhere.
And it's taking them years to get this done.
They built the Empire State Building in 13 months, Greg.
And we got some paint out of wall out here.
That's Eric and we're building it.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Have you seen dogly yet?
No, I have not.
That's what I was asking.
Right.
I'm going to be seeing it this weekend,
but I thought what's very funny is that the people who have been protesting and
so forth and drawing attention to the movie, haven't seen it.
Right.
There was an interview on Friday on one of the news stations where the woman from
Catholics in the media who were viewed as the most popular
and the most popular thing ever.
And she said she was not offended at all.
And she thought the movie was a riot.
There you go.
It's a comedy for Christ'sakes.
It's a satire.
People just take things too seriously.
And that Damon is in it.
So how serious can it be?
Absolutely.
Right.
Okay.
I hope you enjoy it.
And take your Rosary Beads with you.
Have to have something to rub while you're watching.
You know, those kind of movies.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T line.
10, 10, 26 at QAM.
Oh, better get the schedule.
Say, oh, geez, better get in the right week now.
Well, if we'll get all upset.
He'll start tearing up in there in the other room.
Hank is a chulis.
We got Hank with net more at 5.
Maybe Jimmy, we got a try to be calling in one day this week.
We got the booster at 6.
And then we got the jets at the Patriots.
A rather important game not for the jet foot for the Patriots.
845 with a pregame tonight.
On Monday night football.
Only once out Florida radio station has the hammer.
And you're listening to a clover week day after noon to 2 sports radio 560.
QAP.
Neil.
Yeah.
We are from Applesgate to join the Sue us.
We're black.
To help your nuts.
And trace what's out for us and some Pio Barbie tile.
We will pick up your soul on our way through your galaxy.
So as your impact can be at where they'll pop his closest to earth.
Thank you.
I first kicked it all black.
Well, this waiting for our UFO.
We have my new way to move.
You're under for our little space.
Just we be wrong and have a space.
And now the other thing.
Something we call a MNC.
I've got to fly in place late.
Laying down in my top where it's I can.
This is not the existence I wanted.
Someone's gonna find us.
Back back to pocket chain.
Our containers decomposed.
I should have paid you some Pino Barbie tile.
So don't get me some Pino Barbie tile.
We brought your handsome Apple saws.
Shout it to the aftermath.
Oh, son, there were pale spots.
When we joined our night sky chocked and we waited for a little bot.
We ate for a little bot.
And we had a flight out.
We need up for our faith.
By another plane.
Oh, right, that's pretty free of 560 WDQ.
You've got that's called before that was giving me a song about the football announcers.
And about Walter Peyton stuck his hand in and blocked the field goal.
But then he got tired and did do the other one.
You know, it's like the popcorn or kettle black.
I mean, you said the same thing 15 different times,
and I agree with the point, but you're doing the same thing.
Well, you know, we don't know what happens, you know,
whether you go up there or you go down there.
It just, it drives me crazy
because you've been conditioned to say these things.
Yes, we do know, okay?
In fact, step out of cockroach.
Hopefully, we won't be a cockroach,
just a little ant, all right?
Next time you have an ant crawling in a kitchen, step on it,
and like put it in a bottle, and take a look,
see if it goes anywhere.
See if it goes up there.
See if it goes down there.
I think it'll still be in a bottle
until it like kind of decomposes in about 50,000 years
and it ain't there no more in 50 million years.
It'll probably still be there.
In fact, the ants have been here long before.
We haven't, it'll probably be here long after we are.
But why do you have to say these things
because he's doing exactly the same thing
that he's knocking them for doing,
saying these silly things that were conditioned to say?
All the God will crap.
Very interesting poll, by the way, in a hero
yesterday which will get the gun nuts very upset.
What's Floridian's think?
Well about Jeff Bush.
And David and Broward, it's about 50, 50,
it's about even Steven.
About the Jeffster.
Miami-Dade, it's a little bit to more supportive.
I wonder why that is, huh?
And David County...
Adam, Adam, Adam, Adam, Adam.
What's going on?
What's going on?
He's the mind, who's Bush, yeah.
But...
Do you favor or oppose placing additional restrictions
on handgun purchases in the U.S.?
Indeed, County, this is shocking.
78% of the people in Dade are in favor.
77% in Broward in favor of placing additional restrictions
on handgun purchases in the U.S.
Only 19% again in Dade, 18% against in Broward.
Democrats, 76% in favor, 22% against they wide.
And Republicans, even Republicans, 56% in favor,
42% again.
How do you like that?
On your gun squeezing nuts out there,
you lunatics, you maniacs, you freaking barbarians.
You...
You son of a bitch.
Yeah, well, I wanted him to say it, not me.
Trigger locks.
Look at that.
71% in Florida in favor of trigger locks.
80% in Dade and 86% in Broward.
Even 68% of Republicans are in favor
of the mandatory purchase and use of trigger locks
for all guns in the U.S.
A portion restrictions...
See, the thrust of this article is that the Republican party
is out of sync with the voters.
On almost all the major issues.
So I have no idea why so many of them keep getting elected.
Why, why George W's so far ahead in those polls
when nobody has any idea other than he's a dummy
and he's just a C student and he likes a little fun up his nose,
other than that, maybe.
You favor or oppose new laws which would place additional
restrictions on abortion.
In Dade County, 50% opposed 41% in favor
and Broward, well, we know why that is.
I did it, I did it, I did it, I did it.
They're opposed to more restrictions on abortion
and Broward, 56% again, 35% in favor.
And even Republicans are like 1% apart, even Stephen.
Democrats, 54% opposed 35% in favor.
About discrimination against homosexuals.
You favor or oppose enacting new laws
to legally protect homosexuals from discrimination
and obtaining jobs and housing.
In Dade County, 56% in favor, 31% against.
Even in Dade County, 56% in favor.
In Broward County, 73% in favor, only 19% against.
Statewide, well, let's see, Statewide Democrat,
62% yes, 29% opposed.
Even Republicans, how do you like this Trent Lot?
You're Republicans, 63% I'm sorry, 50% in favor,
39% opposed.
You Republicans are out of step with the mainstream.
I hate to break the news to you, but you're out of step.
Maybe the VSO can, you know,
can raid another bingo hall and Ken Jenny can switch parties.
And about prescribing marijuana, which is this one.
You favor or oppose allowing physicians
to prescribe marijuana for medical purposes.
This is strictly for medical purposes, you understand?
Yeah, I'm on.
In Dade County, 60% are in favor, 32% opposed.
Broward County, 59% in favor, 29% opposed.
Keep in mind that Broward County,
we got a lot of old parts out there who are probably saying,
Oh, that's bad.
That's real bad. You're going to burn in hell.
Statewide, 63% of Democrats in favor, only 26% opposed.
And wait till you hear this.
Statewide, 65% of Republicans are in favor,
only 29% opposed.
Legalizing marijuana for medical purposes, only, only.
You do understand that only, but nevertheless, that's a start.
Overwhelming majority, even Republicans.
So even Republican voters are out of step
at a so-called Republican party on the major issues.
Whether it's abortion, whether it's homos,
whether it's the wicked weed, whether it's the Jebs there,
no matter what the hell it is.
So I say to Republicans,
and 2000 just don't bother running any candidates, okay?
Just stop, just stop wasting our time.
Here's Pompato B, cello.
Yes, sir.
That, not to change something, if I could for a second.
The guy that called up about Walter Peyton blocking the kick.
Yes.
He found a lot like the one that said,
there's no fags in the church.
It's not a lot like him.
No.
To me, it did maybe over the phone.
It did.
He wasn't whining as much.
He's no fag in the church.
He wasn't squealing as much as that guy.
That guy's a whiner.
I got a couple of lawyers running in cheese.
I got a couple Jewish friends named Charlie, if that counts.
Really?
Charles Rosene and New Haven, Connecticut.
And you got a friend of yours,
Charlie Young with embroidery works.
Yeah.
I'll just to say there's a couple of people in Charles.
But Chuck?
No, I know.
I know.
Because what time I call my friend Charles and Connecticut,
Chuck, and he stopped me right there.
He was, no, it's Charles.
He stopped me right there.
Jews are very sensitive because when you do in the supermarket,
you see that ground chuck.
And we're very uptight about that.
I hear you.
I got a giant hat.
I got a lot of people seasoning on it to make it tender.
But anyway, talking about the Republicans running something.
When I, I'm the guy that called you from Sydney, Australia
a couple of weeks ago.
Yeah.
OK.
When I was in Australia, they were just about to have their election
on November 6th to determine whether they were going to leave
the British monarch here or not.
And they were comparing, you know, what would,
what would be with the United States and other countries
and stuff like that.
And there's one guy wrote in the editorial saying
that there's 260 million people in America.
And all we can come up with are George W. Bush,
Al Gore, Bill Bradley.
And then that's nothing, though.
So that's the only way for ages.
I know.
And then on the second line, you know, Carter.
Yeah, George Bush, senior.
I mean, we can have some of the most mediocre people
run this country.
It's pathetic.
Now it is.
It's ridiculous.
And nowadays now that people are getting, you know,
as soon as they're announcing, they're running for dog catch
or all of a sudden their whole life is exposed.
And you know, it's just garbage.
It's garbage the way things are done in the media nowadays.
And that's going to keep a lot of good people out of office.
And what are you going to do?
That's the way it is nowadays.
I have one question for you.
When I was out of town and I noticed it's not sports talk,
but I got to ask this because nobody can give me a real good answer.
When they did the baseball top 100 team or whatever.
And that guy Jim Gray interviewed Pete Rose.
Yeah.
What happened?
I've heard so many people say so many different things.
For the baseball, what Pete Rose take part in the ceremony?
Yes.
And when he was elected by the fans and when he came out,
he got the biggest of anybody all night.
He's integrated the interview on NBC and grilled him and asked him
about, is he sorry?
And doesn't he want to now come out and admit that he gambled?
He said no.
And he asked him the same question over and over and over again.
And Pete became very upset as he rightfully had a right to do.
And Jim Gray was an asshole.
And the NBC people are the ones that put him up to it.
And it was a disgrace and have a great day.
Thank you.
OK, 20 to 11 at 5.60 QAM.
This is 5.60 QAF dolphins, hurricanes plus Sunday
and Monday night football.
Your football superstition is sports radio 5.60 QAF.
If you blow too much, you're in trouble.
I don't care.
I don't care.
Outside of school, you said just things.
That flutter is boring.
It was a parking lot.
Early births and those parts don't fuck me.
It's a place really sweet that I don't care.
I don't care.
Whatever happens to all the footage we do have.
Nobody gives a crap.
And it's a troll by the mad holes.
It's the land of the great dead.
So I prefer to scratch my balls instead.
And as I go, hey, you, hey.
My, my, my, that's all.
I don't care.
OK, it's 10.46 in 5.60 WQM.
By the way, speaking of I don't care.
He's in jail maybe four months.
Gary Glitter.
All that's litters is not old.
Oi.
Gary Glitter received a four month jail term after fitting
guilty to downloading more than 4,000 photographic pictures
of underrated children from the Internet.
Glitter, whose real name is Paul Francis Gatt, was arrested 1997
after the technical and the personal owner of the computer store,
found in decent images on his computer.
I don't like that version.
No, we have the other version in there.
Oh, I hate that.
Oh, I know this.
This is calling for time.
Glitter 55 was sentenced Friday for each of 54 charges.
I mean, you talk about stupid.
He takes the computer in from repair.
And it's got all these images on it.
He picked in a pretty much in tune of being sexually abused
and tortured.
Oh, right.
How do you like that?
Glitter 55 was sentenced Friday for each of the 54 charges.
The sentences that are run concurrently.
His lawyer said he is truly sorry for offending
but will appeal against the severity of the sentence.
Four months in jail.
He's got a repealer.
See, I don't think he should be in jail for that.
I think he should be in jail for this song.
That's what I think he ought to be.
Oh, I mean, you talk about you talk about overused.
See, I want to tell you something.
OK, cut the crap.
I'm stuffing that right now.
I'm sitting there in the arena the other night.
And yeah, it wasn't.
Now, it wasn't a very good game.
I mean, we won the game.
Buffalo was playing the third game in four nights.
They didn't bother showing up.
Pavlov got the goal.
I scored Pavlov.
Borac finally showed up.
But I'm picking them.
And I talked to so many of the people before the game
in between periods.
And you look at the attendance around not just
the national hockey league, but around sports in general.
I predicted this five years ago.
They're killing it.
They're killing it.
They have out.
They have priced the small people out of sports.
They've priced you out.
And then they sit back and complain.
Oh, jebri at 2000.
If they see it, we had 4000.
You know something.
It's a miracle.
Anybody showing up.
You're a bunch of graveroppers and Wayne is crying.
Oh, he's got to sell the team.
He's crying.
They priced people out.
It's unacceptable to put it on a marginal show to begin with.
And every place you go, let's stick to the NHL, for example,
every arena you go to, even the air candidate center in Toronto.
You look up on a scoreboard.
They're playing them.
Everything is packaged.
Everything is pre-whatever the hell they call it.
You know I'm talking about.
It's all the same.
The same the clip with Howard Beale.
I'm gonna watch it again from one of your window.
Of course, they don't let them say hell because there's much a little kids in the crowd.
Don't say hell.
They're only sparing each other and widespreading all over the house.
But don't say hell.
All the same clips and the thing with Gene Hackman from that Cornball movie.
And nobody comes into our house and all that other crap and pushes us around.
Every every year, man.
It's all the same.
Pre-package crap.
And the same goddamn mother scratchin' thickin' music.
Every time you watch football, you watch the highlights.
And every time somebody scores a touchdown.
Every time somebody scores a goal.
Every time somebody sticks their finger in their backs.
So many goddamn music.
Da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da.
See, and this is supposed to convince you that you're having a great time.
Oh yeah, like magic said on a TV show.
Remember, I'm having a good time.
The only problem was the audience, the 50 people watching, they weren't having a good time.
That's why I'd show you not anymore.
Just like mine.
This is just...
This is the epitome of what's wrong with spectator sports in America.
Not just the prices, but the prepackaged hype.
Everything is the same.
And you know something I changed my mind about the Panther Patrol, whatever they're called,
and the surge sticking up in the crowd.
I think they ought to give everybody a goddamn t-shirt.
That's right.
For the prices they're charged, they ought to give prices away to everybody, all the
punky kids, all the thrilly-old adults.
Everybody can get a bunch of freebies.
Just for showing up for this fight.
God, the thing that I sit here in this chair and I chastise people for not going, never
again.
I will never do that again.
If you don't go, you probably can't afford it, or maybe it's just too goddamn boring
and just don't want to waste the money.
Especially for that over-priced-stale food.
Garbage.
Wayne, you're a goddamn thief.
There are people on death row for lesser crimes than the way you sports owners rape the
public.
That's what you're doing.
So Gary Glitter's in jail.
Oh, no!
What's here?
Maybe next time it'll be for that goddamn song.
All the same.
Same this.
Here's Fort Myers.
Hello.
Hey, what's up, Neil?
Yes, sir.
How's it going?
Great.
Hey, listen.
I got a question for you, and I have an idea for about this.
I have an idea about the suggestion of the post-question of the day.
I don't know about you, but I'm sure maybe you all have rampage Georgia, since he has
a child, and most parents out there aren't you sick and tired of this Pokemon thing?
Am I sick and tired of it?
It doesn't affect my life.
No, Georgia.
I love it.
Six in a row over the weekend.
Yeah, here we go.
What did you say, Georgia?
I lost six in a row.
You lost six in a row.
Yeah, I totally tough kicked my ass.
Hello?
Yes?
Yeah, I'm sure you mean...
Hello?
I'm sorry.
I'm listening to you, sir.
No, I had a bad line.
I had a bad line.
Okay.
That's what George W said, too.
Yeah, that's what mejagger said, too.
Anyway, okay.
No, but seriously, I'm tempted to think that this is like a conspiracy from the Japanese
government.
For this trade deficit that we got.
Right.
Sure.
I don't know.
I think you're just going to have self-parts.
Yeah, you know, I mean, just really.
I mean, first of all, Elmo, you know, then it was before that was an indeterminal.
Oh, Jesus.
Are you f***ing carrying me?
Well, yeah, those bastards, too, you know.
Yeah.
You know, I just...
It just really s*** into me.
I mean, how much are they adrenas, you know, it's a billion-dollar industry.
And we've seen like 50 million...
Freedom prize, man.
That's what it's all about.
The idea is to get your punky little kids seated on TV.
They want it.
You got to go out and get it.
And next year it'll be something else.
Pookie man will be like boogie man next year.
It'll be long gone.
You do do do do do do.
Exactly.
And have a great day.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Our nationwide line, man, it's smoking.
877-785-0.
877-785-6345.
Here's for a lottery deal.
Hello.
Let's be father-friars soon.
Yes.
Yes, I saw that movie dogma yesterday.
And...
You do know you're saying Hail Mary's to repent?
Actually, the most offensive thing in that movie,
without giving away part of the plot,
was that they have George Carlin playing a cardinal.
Yeah.
And which I thought was...
It was an interesting touch.
So I don't see...
Although we...
In the theater there were some two old ladies...
They should have at least got Mark Mcguire.
Yeah.
And there were two old ladies in the audience
and what I've said...
Well, this doesn't insult Jessica Bollinger.
It insults all related.
Oh, now we're talking.
That's my kind of movie.
I'm going to go out and see it right now.
Yeah, it's not a lot of good stuff in there.
So, earlier you had said that...
That hangs in shul today.
I did.
Oh, thank you for the time.
Thank you for the show in shul today, right?
Yeah.
I think that would be a good remote.
Might as well.
Yeah, I mean...
Why the hell not?
Next year for high holidays.
Okay, sounds good to me.
You might lose it.
Then we can make a morcon on you.
I'm Kipper.
Okay, have a gazegasunt.
5'6, 7'0, 5'60,
0.5, 6'0,
on the AT&T wireless line.
It's all the same, baby.
How did we ever go to sporting events years ago?
And there wasn't all this music.
They may have had an organ and, you know,
a wheelchair too.
But there wasn't all this hype.
And they didn't have Gary Glitter going.
And they didn't have the scoreboard,
but all the same pre-packaged crap on there.
And somehow it was great.
And you want to know why it was great,
because the game was great.
It was quality.
There were great rivalries.
The athletes were superstars.
They weren't a bunch of overpaid primitonis,
who were pretend to get a hang nail or out for two months.
No, it was exciting.
Now they take something that's mediocre with all this expansion.
And they try to make you believe that it's exciting.
That's the problem.
That's the biggest problem.
They're packaging crap and try to sell it to you
as God damn gold.
That's the problem.
And a lot of people are saying,
oh thank you.
566-705-60,
pound 560 on the AT&T line,
877-785-0.
877-785-6345 on the world famous line.
Here's Hollywood, hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
I don't know if you saw that made for TV,
a Merry Mother of God.
No I did not.
I left and I, okay.
Boy.
Centurus right.
There are so many weak-minded people.
Such and such.
Right.
Good job facts.
Okay, they, first of all,
they refer to the birth of Christ as Jesus Christ.
First of all,
as a man was born a bastard.
He has no father.
At least Jesse Jackson is honest about it.
And they didn't.
Now how can they say Jesse Jackson and Bastard
in the same sense?
Okay, go ahead, I'm sorry.
And they had another rally yesterday,
by the way, in Decatur, Illinois.
They're a progencies.
Yeah, I'm sure.
That Catholic Church, you know,
made him God in 600 years after the bastard's death.
Yes.
And the name Jesus Christ is Greek.
It means Messiah.
Are you calling Jesus a bastard?
Yes, he is a bastard.
Yes.
And to come up with a cop-up,
they come out of that Catholic church,
he came out with a miracle of the Trinity.
Yeah.
He's his own father.
He's the miracle of Trinity Broadcasting.
That's the miracle.
And such a powerful crotch.
Okay, the Jan and Paul crotch,
another thing too.
You should see,
you should see,
Jan sing, baby Jesus.
Baby Jesus.
Baby Jesus.
Yeah, I love that.
He's almost as good as the angelic.
Okay, I'll say, baby.
You say, baby.
Baby, baby, baby.
Baby Jesus.
Yeah, you just tell us in talk time, man.
They're like business in its text free
and have a great day in calm down.
Calm down, okay.
It's only Monday and this guy has pissed off and fired up already
about the goddamn frickin' Virgin Mary.
And Colin Jesus is a bastard.
How do you like that, huh?
Colin, the Lord of Bastards.
Parents weren't married, were they?
Well, that's the plan.
And then we had a whole discussion last week
about where the nails and the palms are through the hands.
You would have loved that.
Are the wrists.
No, they were...
Well, see, everybody,
including those of us who thought we knew what said through the wrist.
But the other guy,
somebody said that was through his rectum,
so I don't know what that was all about.
And I said, well, that's why you see,
he's always depicted this kind of like a featherweight.
You know, that's why he has a limp wrist like that,
because, you know, when you have a nail tree,
it's kind of hard to hold your...
Hard to hold your...
And your wrist, too.
I have no idea what I'm talking about.
After some...
Some heathen bastard comes on my radio show
and calls Jesus a bastard.
This is my 60-Q-A-L.
Jim Mandage talks for a land right here.
On sports radio,
I'm going to give you a 50-Q-A-L.
Now, will you give me a hand?
Oh!
I have a sports powder down.
Oh!
First Mary!
First Mary!
Now the post depends on you.
And the powers you pose as.
Fix your safe, his life.
Fix your life, his life, his life.
Inside of God, going into the world.
First Mary!
First Mary!
You have a brand new style, too.
We love the way you want your doom.
With the big thing on your chest
and the fruit in my chest
and you go to the road, right?
First Mary!
First Mary!
First Mary!
Spooned with the feet of God, this house.
And the bad guy straight to hell
when the buildings are too low
to lose his envy,
God's rushing through his eyes,
mighty glow!
Spooned with the feet of God,
We don't know what's going to happen
after you die.
We're not sure if you go up there and go down there.
I am just grossed out by people like that.
And there are so many weaklings out there,
emotional cripples.
You die.
Guess what, Pallyboy?
You're dead.
So make the most of it while you're still alive
because you only go around once.
What was it?
What was that?
If you got the time, I got the beer.
Miller, that's right.
You only go around once in life.
What does that got to do with you at the time?
I don't know what the hell it is.
But that's the point of it.
All you people are so religious
that think it's so bad on earth
and that it's so disgusted with life.
Why don't we just kill those people, okay?
Probably God's ready for them.
Now it's their time.
Why don't we just kill those people and send them to heaven
and then they can have a good time.
And then there'll be more room and food
and room on a highway for the rest of us,
all us even back to us who aren't so happy
and anxious to go in a box.
God damn it.
So anyway, we just looked inside.
Maybe we're the first, I doubt it.
You know, our audience.
I guarantee you, plenty of people have got their little
screwdriver out and check that out.
Keychains.
Which it's kind of embarrassing, by the way,
if you like having your pocket, you sit down.
Yeah.
But anyway, there are three L-1154 batteries inside.
So these will last forever.
All you gotta do is replace the battery
when you're worried about because you're doing too much.
And believe me, your kids will.
I'll be a potch-gamer.
Everybody in this town should have one of these.
In fact, your kids can get suspended from school.
Real good, I'm sure.
Huh? No, seriously.
All your kids out there want to get a few days off from school.
Just take these needle keychains into school.
Yeah, and write in the middle of class.
Or maybe like write in the middle of assembly.
And I'll want to make you send lords, pray, or whatever.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Ask it.
Or maybe just...
Yes.
One of those.
Which ain't even on there.
But anyway, so there you go.
There's a great, everybody in town should have one.
You can get your keychains, by the way, by calling center one.
954-563-3600.
563-3600.
Or you can go to our great website, neorongers.com.
Which Eric does a great job of.
But we gotta get in some of these.
Because I noticed I checked it yesterday with that new
disgusting computer in mind.
And he doesn't have pictures of this yet or that t-shirt.
You don't want to see the t-shirt.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Like I said, what do you get in the ringer, Cameron?
Not Cameron for what?
I'll take the pictures of the t-shirt.
No, no, I got a better idea.
Why don't we just send him some of the keychains?
Isn't that the least we can do for Eric that does such a great job?
Probably extra extra likes for him, right?
What do you mean by that?
We know all those computer guys.
Do we know what Eric looks like?
I have no idea.
I have no idea.
And those, like that.
I don't go knocking him.
I mean, Jesus Christ, he's the one friend we got in the world for crying out loud.
And you're knocking him up.
See, George is back.
Here we go.
I, you know, something I take the blame for everything.
Who was it the other day that was saying, why do you hate so and so?
And I said, I don't hate him.
George hates him.
I forget who he was.
Of course, it could have been anybody.
Yeah, I forget who it was.
I said, I don't hate you.
George hates you.
Don't buy, don't lay it on me.
He's just a hard hit, a little spick.
That hates everybody.
But anyway, our website, neo-roggers.com.
You can order the stuff right off of the CD's and the cassettes.
And of course, these, great.
I'm telling you, fantastic.
We got to get that thing going, baby, for center one.
We're right around 50 grand now.
And we got a month and a half to go.
We'd probably be around 75 or 80 grand right now for that really bad start.
And the course for that, oh!
Golf tournament.
Thanks a lot, screw-in, by the way.
Thank you.
And thanks to my good friend, and the nearly departed Sam,
who came in and cleaned out his desk, I understand.
Well, George was on vacation.
Oh, I know who it was.
Robert.
Robert did a great job last week.
He's very technically out.
Yeah.
And not only that, but laughed his ass off anyway.
Really?
All I did was say hello, and he was like,
red in the face from laughter.
What do you mean, really?
That's the first, I think, in his life.
He was hysterical.
If I dropped one of those, he was like, I wish I had a picture.
Well, you could have taken a picture at any point.
He did a great job.
Nice going there, Robert.
And Robert's cousin came by.
That's best on Saturday.
And by the way, Robert's cousin happens to be a fine-looking young guy.
I just don't zombe, okay?
Obviously, don't run into the family, but nevertheless.
That's okay, Robert.
We can't all look as good as me.
And by the way, Miguel was there.
You're safe, Miguel.
Don't say, I'm convinced nothing.
If he's got him just terrified.
He is scared to death of me.
Miguel, you have nothing to worry about.
You're a good looking kid, but you're not that good, okay?
Just to worry, plus he's hairy, I noticed.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Head is a shirt-opened a little bit.
He's hairy.
You're safe, sweetheart.
Terrified.
Here's Bokeh.
Hello.
Bokeh.
Yeah.
I got a couple of jucks for you or Jewish.
Yes.
And there's Chuck E. Squire.
He's from Minneapolis.
How about Chuck Heston, dude?
Son of a bitch.
Oh, that's right.
He and Jewish.
And there was Chuck Edelman.
He's a boss.
Right.
He was a Canadian Jew.
Oh, well, that only counts.
That only counts.
I honestly think Chuck is just kind of a nickname.
Yeah.
I don't think that's...
I don't think it's on anybody's personal.
No, but people who are named Chuck, in fact, there aren't very many
Charles's or Jewish anyway.
I can give you Charles Richer's Reignage.
And he goes over the name of Dick.
Okay, there you go.
He's going to be on his dick.
Okay, thanks for the good news, pal.
560-560-560 on the AT&T line.
877-785-0.
Oh, here's a call from Springfield, Illinois.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I've been talking for a long time.
Where you've been?
Here.
Why?
Get you.
Huh?
Why are you in Springfield?
You live there?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Work here.
Okay.
Anyway, I got all these old clips of yours.
And one that I've been promising to send to you for a long time is this one.
Stan Major.
Now on New Start Radio 610-WILD, we business by us.
Stan Major.
Now on New Start.
How much better it sounds when I play in here?
Okay, thanks, pal.
I got it right here.
Stan Major.
Now on New Start.
He's playing it over the ball from Springfield, Illinois, on our side.
You're missing this.
Well then, what the hell is your problem?
Kane is in New York, fella.
What he was doing here, I don't want Kane back, I just told you that.
Well then, who do you want?
I do do you want?
Do you want Alan Ferrer?
I don't want that.
I think you want Joey Reynolds?
I don't want that.
Then what the hell do you want in the air?
Silence?
Is that all we have?
Do you give me a name?
But is that all we have?
Who do you want?
Is that all we have?
What kind of content do you want during 2 to 6?
I do.
Here, the next Stan Major show.
This afternoon it's you on New Start radio 6th and WIOV.
I'll tell you what I want Stan, how about just my two grand bags.
Sounds good to me.
560, 560, 05, 560 on the AT&T line at World Famous Line where we just had that great call from Springfield Illinois.
877, 785, Neil, that was very exciting that day.
Whatever went there Thursday.
Right in the middle of the show, spontaneously, like you could see, I got a call from a lady in Massachusetts.
And then we had a call from somewhere in Virginia and we had a call from Santa Clara, California and somebody in Philadelphia and a couple calls from Chicago, etc.
And so on.
And I'm saying, yeah, build that build up baby, build it up big time to these cheap bastards.
Keep that line spoken.
Here's Coral Gables.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you doing?
Okay, sir.
Okay.
First of all, that movie with Gene Hackman was called Hoosier.
Oh.
I just wanted to let you know.
I'm sorry.
I was a thundress.
I have the same clips.
Every arena in the goddamn league, they showed us the same half a dozen clips.
And another thing.
With all these presidential candidates, can't click and find a loophole like FDR and just stay as president.
No.
He found a holder too, but not the kind you're looking for.
Okay, nine minutes after 11 at 560 WQM.
I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers.
One, two, three, four, five.
Come on over, honey.
Now come and take our drive to my big house in Chaplain, Claw.
We can both get juicing maybe a little dynamite.
A wife is on business.
She's out for a week.
I'm like a kid in the candy store.
It's time to cheat.
I got threats.
Oh, my dogs sold their own pizza.
You remember literally you're leaning parapesia.
It's gonna be a wild sign.
Not my home in New York.
It goes to me.
The early cheese is like a sport.
I'm zip my thighs.
It's all good.
Coming over, honey.
Now blow on my trumpet.
A little bit of vodka in my glass.
A little bit of vodka without my wife.
Now a little bit of monocles.
What I see when she's far away.
That's no more reason.
A little bit of monocles.
What I need.
A little bit of monocles.
That's my memory.
A little bit of monocles.
Here I am.
A little bit of you on my happy man.
2014 is 5.50 W.
Just when I'm stuck out of the bubble in Orlando, which will paint for it and they dumps out.
They're trapped out.
How do you like that?
See, they're no different on that line than on the other line.
So what the hell difference does it make?
So yesterday I made a bad, bad mistake.
Okay, I went over to see my good friends at Best Buy.
Which they love me in there, by the way.
A lot of very fine looking young guys work at Best Buy.
That's why I shot there even though they turned me a lot more than BrandsMart.
But nevertheless, so I go over there and I got myself a new computer.
A compact MV720.
Top of the line.
What is it?
700 Millerhertz?
Would that be right?
Yeah, that's, I mean, just as fast.
56K, 700 and just the best.
Very, very expensive.
And of course, they give you a $400 rebate if you want to join up with Privacy,
which I did bad mistake.
I hate prodigy.
Almost as much as I hate AOL.
So my friend Dave spent all day from one o'clock yesterday.
We got this thing home till about nine o'clock last night.
Seven and a half hours, patching with this thing, screwing around with it.
Try, I mean, why do they make it so goddamn difficult to set up a new computer?
And you still can't get what you want.
It's still a piece of crap because you got AOL.
I'm going to tell you something.
AOL, those people, they really shouldn't.
Instead of screwing around with Microsoft, they should have gone after AOL.
Those people make me want to borrow.
They have just got, and remember all the times I talked about,
what you call it, Mindspring.
Well, the reason I say what you call it, they're not anymore.
We got somebody new coming this week.
But nevertheless, what a Ohio man.
When you go back to AOL and you got busy signal after busy signal,
then it has to start down another goddamn number.
And then it comes up with all the pop-up ads.
By the time you get on the goddamn thing, you forgot what they were looking for in the first place.
Yeah, by the time you get on, it's limp.
Christ.
So I was just asking George if we have DSL,
phone line capability here in South Florida,
because that's the only way you're going to really get the super fast to be able to download anything.
It's two goddamn slow.
Even the top of the line, the most expensive computers, it's still good to two goddamn slow.
You sit there and you wait and you watch that little line, the little blue line,
and it's sticking.
It's moving 21%.
22%. Come on already, okay?
I only got 15, 20 hours to popski around with this thing today.
Slow.
Here's a good review by the way of dogma.
I don't know what... See, people send me these...
It looks like time or newsweek, doesn't it?
Yeah, it looks like that.
Can God take a joke?
If he or she can, there will be a lot to laugh at.
Kevin Smith is Randy, but the final read about dogma.
With Chris Rock and with a L-A-ness more said who plays God, by the way, God is a woman.
And the 13th Apostle Chris Rock was a schwarzer.
So, what's wrong with that?
So, there's a good review of it.
If you can't let's shout out there, well, see, I think most of the Catholics are not
uptight about it.
Just a few of the people from the institutions, you know who belong in one?
Brewery uptight because it's bad for business, they think.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
Good morning. How are you today?
All right.
You know, I've been listening to you for some time, and I really...
You really inspired me.
The thing about your show, you tell things the way they should be told about all this big picture.
And you've mentioned something this morning about these...
Why nobody's going to these games, these professional games?
Yes, sir.
Exactly like Neil, I'm an everyday Joe.
I make it between $65 or $70,000 a year.
But Neil, you cannot afford it.
And these, in a bastard, these owners want the tax sales, the Bill of M's stadium at tax sales
park.
And then at times, you ride out of it.
Right?
Right.
I'm looking at the mix, excuse me, the heat game, right?
They show all these big celebrities, they said that they're paying $34,000 a seat for games.
It's pathetic, Neil.
You can't afford it.
And you know, I give you credit for one thing.
You can't save the way they are.
Not paying people pictures.
I say, well, I think about this team here.
Look what he did.
He scripted the team.
I mean, if they don't make the money back the next day, that's...
I mean, I'm not going to make money.
Yeah, that's okay.
If they're losing money just like any other business, let them close down or let them pick up and go somewhere to sell.
Why are you going to go to Kenya to operate when you're losing money?
That doesn't make a lot of sense.
Amen.
But anyway, Neil, I enjoy your show.
I like the way you bring things to the forefront.
You tell the like of the people that are running the water here that you tell the truth.
I respect you for that.
God bless, Josh.
Okay.
I'll get there, Joe.
I'm pretty sure it's okay.
Thank you.
Good night.
Yeah, this business just like they build a big noir arena in Washington, thousands and thousands and thousands of FTCs.
Build a new arena in LA, thousands and thousands and thousands of FTCs.
Then come to find out by the way to scandal with the LA Times.
That the LA Times, the company that owns it isn't co-hoots with the people that built a new arena out there.
And they had a big advertising section that they made $2 million on by the way the LA Times.
And now all the employees there, they're all up in arms because they have no journalistic credibility because all they care about is money.
But nevertheless, the point being they build all the...
So I guess all the new arenas are already obsolete.
Well, and so the Macarena, I mean, it looks pretty good, but that's absolutely...
Even though we can't fill it up even once this year, but we'll have to tear it down and build more sky boxes and club seats for millionaires because the regular ordinary pedestrian people they can't afford to go there anymore.
This may sound revolutionary, especially on this sports-induced station here, the sports-obsessive to a sickness station.
But you know something, if they all want to pick up and go someplace else, bye-bye!
See ya!
Light goes on!
That's the way I feel about it.
Including the hockey team, the basketball team, the football team, the goddamn all of them.
The Guns and their Spoha, and certainly John Henry.
See ya!
The idea that the fleeting of the average people out there, and I'm not average, I make a lot of money, you know something,
let me say it for the 8 million times, if I had to pay for those hockey tickets, is there any chance I'd be paying for season tickets now at these prices?
No!
And that's another thing.
No matter how crappy the season is, no matter how gigantic and glorious the public has just built a arena for the owners like Wayne,
the prices keep going up every single goddamn year.
And don't tell me because the salaries keep going up every year, because the public's not the ones paying these crazy salaries.
Here's this kid, let me say it again, Sean Green, nice Jewish boy, they're played with the Blue Jays.
$14 million a year from the Dodgers, who are already given out 50 million to Kevin Brown, and are going to finish probably last again, we hope we pray.
Crazy people!
How about a salary cap for everybody?
There is no athlete worth more than, and I'll be honest with you, I would put the figure a lot lower, but realistically speaking,
5 million years should be able to satisfy anybody.
5 million.
Yeah, could we get 5 and 5 million here?
Yeah, we could scrape by most of us.
Somehow, even with those of you with large families, okay, you could probably scrape by George as he could do with 4 million, he might be able to squeak by.
And I'll just work one year and then go away.
There you go, that's right, sounds good to me.
So stop giving a public a song and then you're sticking it right up the public spectrum is what you're doing, okay?
And in a bellyache of a world, you know, we got a couple thousand empty seats.
Airview, one of these glitzy new joints, you look at them on TV and there are thousands and thousands of people there disguised as empty seats.
That's right, because you can only squeeze so much blood out of a turnip.
Airview, how about putting the prices down a little bit so that your average schmuck can go out there and take his kids and go and have a good time instead of our 150 or 175 bucks per person.
To go see a guy named hockey game or baseball game.
Cut the crap, that's what they should be telling instead of John Henry giving lectures to the public, they should be telling him cut the crap.
Here's Fort Lauderdale, hello.
Hi, Neil, Super Swatzen for a lot of days, Super Smotzer, here's Fort Lauderdale. How about Chuck Norris?
Chuck Norris, was Jewish?
I'm asking.
No.
Okay, so I don't have guns or what you're talking about.
That's Charles Jones from Pee Nuts.
Who's that?
Maybe Charles Schwab.
Chuck Schwab, I don't think so. Sounds like a gentleman to me.
I've got a question for you.
Yes.
Are you ever singing on interview cards like when you first came back and was doing the Diana or the Princess Diana thing? Is that you?
Is that me what?
The singing.
Yeah, I'm the one that sings on those, yeah.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
He just want to know.
Don't get in that Mercedes.
Let me in.
Princess Di, we're begging please.
Pop a rock, he's coming.
Happy you.
You're gonna crash if you're alone.
Norris dies for you.
Oh, oh.
Princess Di, John.
Princess Di.
Princess Di, John.
She's really going.
No, no, no, no.
She's going into a tunnel.
Hello, all.
Yeah.
Really sick.
Why apologize for that?
I apologize for that.
It was a very poor taste.
I thought, do I want to apologize?
No.
No, not really.
Bitch.
Who cares about Princess Di?
Okay.
She was just living up to her name as in Di Diano.
That's right.
Hey, Princess.
Come on.
Die.
Okay.
Sounds good to me.
You think she's in heaven now?
Maybe she's up there in the sky.
It's a bird.
It's a plane.
It's Diana.
She's in the pricey part of heaven.
Do you think she's got a cape on?
That's what Superman had.
I'm not going to do any bad.
And I'm tired of seeing him.
I don't want to sound insensitive.
But I'm tired of seeing Christopher Reeve.
Okay.
I was tired of seeing him before he had the wreck.
I was tired of seeing him before.
I don't like him.
I can't deal with him with that little pinch nose of his.
And he was always playing some fag.
What was that movie he was in with, uh, huh?
You know the one where he played the, uh,
the guy where he was living with, uh, the British guy with a hand.
What the hell is the British actor that's always been in the game?
Michael Cain.
You know the movie I'm talking about?
Where they killed his wife.
They scared her to death.
They gave her a heart attack.
I must have missed that somehow.
You remember the movie where he played the fag priest?
I mean, the priest.
He played another fag.
Was he in priest?
What movie was that?
Months in your.
Month in your.
You know, the movie was a fag in that movie.
He was a fag in a hell of a lot of movies.
I'll tell you that right now.
Well, it was having sex with a woman in that movie.
Oh, like I said, I think it was having sex with Michael Cain in this movie.
So what is that making?
Death trap.
Death traps.
Thank you very much.
Death trap.
Really crapping movie too, by the way.
With about 75 different fake endings.
You know, it's like it's like in, uh, you know, all the different movies where the hand keeps coming back.
Like in, uh, the Michael, uh, what's his name movie?
I can't think of anything today.
God, my mind is just the blank.
Michael, what's his name?
Douglas.
Michael Douglas movie.
We're in the great movie where she's like in the bathtub.
The crazy bitch.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, fatal attraction, fatal attraction, which is a movie, by the way.
Love that movie.
And, uh, oh, here she is again.
Want to come back for one more.
Yeah.
Yeah.
One more shot.
And also the Julia Roberts movie.
Um, uh, the movie with the enemy in the end, remember?
See, they never end the same thing in the, uh, the hiture with Rucker Howard.
Right.
Just when you think they're dead, surprise.
Yeah.
Twenty-six, maybe they're up there.
Maybe he's up there right now, Rucker Howard, eating finger food in heaven.
Twenty-six after eleven at five sixty, WQM.
Kim Polkaford taught sports.
We can't right here.
I'm sports radio five sixty QAM.
I took you to a pickah here.
That was a plan.
You have me, my mama with the great fat can.
You the hungriest girl that I ever did see with the never-made lens.
I took thirty-three-way chicken.
And with my dessert, dog Donna and twelve, this poem with blue-bonded on it.
The mouth was so full that you couldn't speak, baby.
Something about the tile and it drove you crazy.
I never will forget when you tried the ram with dribble on your chin.
It said, uh, not bad.
When you finished what was left, a chicken wound.
You could pass a cedar in the world of what was ever known.
I was decent love, decent love, for me.
But you was more in love with the fancy beans.
And my advice to you, try to putter your hips to fit
and a pair of jeans from Abercrombe and fish.
All that summer day, you understand the rich Chinese carnival.
Love trick.
And I was her day, I'm not taking that day in a summer.
In a summer.
I can't believe she found one of the rack of ribs full of cherries, including the fifth
and she won't forget on that next next day in the summer.
In the summer.
Well, I'm not going to over share they really suck it.
1131 at 560 WQM.
Here's a mobile in Orlando.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Thank you for having me today.
Great.
Listen, I agree with you.
I know you try to see in the craft that package in South Florida.
I can tell you in Orlando it's just as deep with the Bose family
from our M-way dumping all the players last year and then packaging this team, the CD-18
and labeling it hot and hustle and trying to sell that to the public.
And just on that Friday night, the big Friday night game of the beginning of the season
there were over 3000 empty seats in Orlando.
All right.
Great.
Good to hear.
Matthew Reiner.
I think these owners are going to get what they deserve.
I think the people are protesting.
They've had it.
They keep taking more punishment.
You've got the devotional crying that they when they had the shack and penny that they were losing money
and then they had the infinite wisdom of hiring a 53-year-old coach and shot daily and paying them five million dollars a year.
Yeah, the Bose family don't even make a good radio anymore.
I know.
But love your show.
Listen to it and you're right on with your take on the owner.
Okay.
Have a great day.
Thanks, Neil.
Yeah.
See this business of chastising people.
I apologize profusely even though I'll probably do it again someday.
I keep waffling back and forth because I don't like going into an empty joint.
But nevertheless, I certainly do understand people's reticence to deep deep down in their pockets and come up with a guy that I'm rent money and handed over to some billionaire to see a very marginal marginal whatever it is that they put in on it.
And I'm going to tell you also you know something.
Thank God that pop Elbury played on Saturday and a Panther game because when he's playing it's worth the price of admission if you can afford it when he's not playing.
Sorry.
Sorry.
I'll do a apology to my close best friend Ray Whitney and a couple other guys that I think when he's not playing El Paso.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line the world famous line 877 7 8 5 Neil 877 7 8 5 6 3 4 5 here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
I have an answer for that.
Jews name Chuck.
Yes.
Chuck Berris.
Chuck Berris was Jewish.
I believe so.
Oh.
Chuck Berris.
Kong show Berris.
Oh I know who that is.
Yeah.
Is he still alive by the way?
Uh.
I couldn't care less.
Yeah but we better set out the investigators on that.
All right.
Have a good life.
Thank you.
Chuck Berris.
Okay.
And what about that bull like JP Morgan huh?
What a bad bad.
Now Chuck Berris was he like more than five foot tall.
No.
He was about four three.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
Did we get any calls on the DSL thing by the way yet?
No.
No one call on that.
See I get in this computer thing.
I need help.
I need help.
Oh.
And RIP porn was on that show too.
How the one was spanked.
Famous spags from Quixho is trawlin dead.
Charles nothing Riley.
RIP porn.
JP Morgan bull like.
Richard Dawson did that yet.
Or just dead.
Might as well.
I never is dead.
And you don't want the game show channel.
Oh I don't want to get Bokeh Brian going again.
But in the game show.
They show the old, old family feud when he wasn't a hundred years old and when he's still
I just teethe his mouth.
It wasn't a hundred.
You know.
He did an irritating.
He had to kiss everybody.
Even the guys.
You know, kissy too much.
Kissy kissy.
But that was a good show.
I like that show.
And then what's his name come into suicide?
The little guy.
What was his name?
Ray Combs.
He's here.
Back straight.
He don't come in at all because he's dead.
He committed suicide.
And I liked Ray Combs.
He was good.
He did a good job on it.
He didn't have a big fat ego like Richard Dawson.
And then of course the for a while they brought back Richard Dawson because they were desperate
because Ray Combs committed suicide.
And here comes Richard Dawson.
Now he's a hundred and forty two years old.
He's all puffed up like a bull frog.
It looks like somebody stuck a bicycle pump in his neck.
Correct me.
And he can't speak.
But after that he was great.
Absolutely.
That's it.
Yeah.
He couldn't speak.
Oh just puffed up like a dead man.
Why did they do that?
It's like the day they wheeled Kate Smith and that wheelchair out there.
She looked like a pile of mong in a chair on that wheelchair.
Hi.
Hi.
It's kind of like when you hook up a well in the internet.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Like that time medicine thing.
Defeated door nail.
And his wife would yell prompt him yelling it was there.
Say goodbye.
Goodbye here.
Bye bye.
Goodbye.
That's the AOL.
I hate AOL.
You people at AOL should only croak.
I hate AOL.
They suck.
You're downloading something.
It's going to take 45 minutes to download this program.
Okay.
You walk out of the room.
You go have a snack.
You watch the ball game for five minutes.
You come back.
And just as you come back now with 22 minutes.
And goodbye.
And all of a sudden just disconnects by itself in the middle.
And you say to yourself.
Yeah.
What the hell do I do now?
Here's a, why are you making that little girl wait so long?
Is she, that's not what it is.
Oh, that's true.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
A meal.
Yes, sir.
Good morning, sir.
Witness to you.
Unfortunately, I have AOL.
Oh, I'm so sorry.
I hate AOL.
Oh, yeah.
AOL is the anti-Christ of your computer, sir.
What do you think it's the best one?
Because I'd like to get something else.
Well, I got a new one coming on this week, but I don't know what the name of it is yet.
Maybe you're a cerner.
We'll tell me one of these days very soon.
The best thing I had up to this point was Mindspring was great compared to AOL.
Oh, really?
No busy signals, no ads, no waiting, no dealing around, no getting cut off 55 times in the middle of your session.
I was, I was, I can't hate AOL.
Maybe I'll try them for a while because I got the CD over the mail.
It says 250 minutes for free.
Right.
And maybe I'll give it a try.
I'm going to tell you what a schmuck I am, okay?
I had a call yesterday to set up a new AOL account because I had prodigy with the machine that is very complicated.
And prodigy won't even click on it.
It's got to end computer, I bought it.
It's all screwed up.
So I decided as my default thing, browser.
I'm going to use, I'm going to use AOL by default, at least for the time being.
So I call them up.
I've just come to find out I got four other accounts because you know you know what happens.
These outfits, they keep sending you those free discs in the mail.
100 hours, 100 minutes.
And you stick them in there and then of course they make you put in your credit card.
And every time you do that, you're setting up another account.
Yeah, that's right.
So the luckiest thing is I, I canceled four accounts yesterday with AOL.
One that went all the way back to 1982.
No wonder AOL stocks up to 148.
You can thank me for that.
What a schmuck I am.
By the way, Neil, thank you very much for signing my CD.
Thank you very much for buying your CD.
I was one of the early ones there.
I was a guy that picked a picture with you.
Well, a whole bunch of people came and took pictures, which I have no problem with.
I'm the one that tells you back to people he's kick ass.
Right.
Remember?
Yeah.
By the way, I was so nervous, I forgot to shake your hand.
That's okay.
I had plenty of shaking on Saturday in my hand, too.
So I'm pretending to shake your hand right now.
Okay.
Listen, I'm going for the hard.
I'm going for Orlando with my fiance here.
I enjoy your show very much.
We have a shameless request.
Yes, sir.
Tiny gooters.
Okay.
All right.
Thank you, Neil.
Have it heard then in a long time.
Yeah.
I got to see if it's in the thing by God.
Jesus, it is.
Okay.
Have a great day.
Thank God.
I'll see.
Well, hey, listen, I cannot tell a lie.
You know, I don't think it's in there.
22 before noon is 560 WQAM.
What are we going to do about this America online?
You people, you make me sick.
You're disgusting.
You're nauseating.
You smell bad.
Oh, I hate them.
Please, Gary Sarner.
Give me that information today.
Give me a new ISP or whatever they call it.
Is that what they call it?
It's going to start to use all the lingo now.
I'm getting dangerous.
When you buy your 10th computer, then you start using the lingo.
And all of us adults, 95% of us who are computer are not illiterate.
I'm okay.
Once somebody sets it up, I'm not real good with the tools.
If you pardon that expression, I'm not real good with those tools.
But once somebody sets it up, I can do anything you want.
But other than that, I don't want to have to go through all that BS.
Can't you like pay somebody to come and sell on your buy no computer?
Don't they have a service like that?
They say, Mars.
They must.
What was that friend that we used to have on the Paxon?
What was his name?
David.
Don't you remember?
Oh, yeah.
He did the show.
What was the name of his joint?
He was one of our sponsors.
It's net rocks, no.
But you have to know what it was before.
You know what I'm talking about.
Right.
He had a sure, that's right, a computer to run the old Paxon IOD.
And I remember the day that he brought that young man to my house.
Good idea.
Bridgetna, that's right.
And he brought one of the kids that worked for his outfit there on the rage.
But nevertheless, I really know.
Seriously, I bet he's on the rage anymore now.
No.
It's about three years ago.
Bring him back, sweetheart.
One of the big Marcus.
David Marcus.
What a memory.
David Marcus.
Another nice Jewish boy.
Nice going, David.
Boy.
Yeah, bring that guy back again.
Bring him back alive.
And I don't care even if they're ugly.
I don't care.
Just somebody who could set that thing up and get everything smoking along.
Then I'm on my own.
I do fine.
But God, why do they make it such a big song in the dance?
And that's why all your kids are out there.
They're watching all the pornography.
They're running it, doing all this other crap.
Because they know all the ins and the outs, so to speak, of the computers.
All of us old parts that grew up with books and crayons and pencils and stuff.
Like that.
We don't know crap.
And the kids are like, you know what they're doing?
Your laughing at us.
Twenty-till noon at 5.60 W.A.M.
No offense, football.
I'm 60.
Q.A.K.
Yeah, kid, baby.
Tidy, voodoo.
Two of the crying.
So keep on passing.
Lookin' all the time.
Yeah.
Don't you come with me.
No.
We could go to my house and hang out with my daddy.
Yeah.
Tiny hooded.
I'm a tiny hooded.
Small inside.
Small inside.
Enough for a handful.
Enough for a handful.
It will do just fine.
It will do just fine.
The tiny, tiny hooded.
Tiny hooded.
I love you, so.
Oh, I love you, so.
Two kids.
It's a hundred peaks and off to work, I've grown.
Off to work, I go.
You know, just just in KC's listening, I'm sure he is.
We probably never would have played that again.
Ever in history.
And would I have played that again?
No.
Even what's in there, would I have ever played it again?
No.
If he wouldn't have called and said the please, pretty, pretty please, plus he was a good guy.
And it came by and bought some stuff.
It's 1146 at 560 W.C.A.M.
567-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
And out of town line, it's sitting there, dead as a door nail.
877-785-0.
877-785-6345.
Well, here's the little girl that's been on there for about five hours because George don't like
the girls except his own.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, I am.
Is it?
Who are you calling?
My name is Jenny.
Hi, Jenny.
My dad isn't here all the time.
Right.
He even makes my family listen to you.
He forces you at gunpoint?
Yeah.
He's nobody radius, the criminal guy.
He why?
He's nobody radius.
Radius?
Yeah.
Oh my god.
That radius is your daddy?
Yeah.
Oh, I won't tell you all the stories I heard about him.
Okay, sweet.
I'm sorry.
Anyways, I'm calling for a decent Jacksonville and I wanted to tell him something over the radio.
Uh-huh.
It's an effect joke so don't think I'm crazy.
Yeah.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I'll get it.
I also called because I want to ask you a question.
Yes, Jenny.
What's your name again?
Jenny.
That's why I said Jenny.
Very good.
Why do you so mean to black people?
Why do you so mean to black people?
Why am I so mean to black people?
Like what black people?
You know, I mean that I've been mean to.
I've never been to a black person in my life.
Well, it's what I hear.
I have a black maid.
I treat her very well.
I'm very nice to my black, uh, lackeys.
My black friends.
Okay, I just call for that.
Well, don't I?
Do you know any black people?
Yeah.
And aren't they all nice?
Yeah.
Right.
They're just people.
They're all nice.
That's right.
How's there a big black guy standing outside the door right now with a looking inside?
No.
Okay, well, if there is, you call daddy right away.
Okay.
Okay.
See you then.
There's Jenny who says, how come you're so mean and by the way, Ty Tony says he's sorry.
See, let me say it again.
I realize that you image your Americans.
You don't know how to do business.
Lot of you people just put the 15% with 2 for everybody.
Then you don't have to pay.
You know, instead of just, in fact, why not just stamp a thing on every check that says,
since we know you're a bunch of cheap bastards, 15% has been added so that our wait staff doesn't have to get stiffed every time.
If you want to leave more fine and if you want to refund because you got crappy service, that's okay too.
Ty Tony, he's, he's, he's, he's, and then you see the, you wouldn't see that you weren't here.
They had all those demonstrators out there outside of Ty Tony on the beach.
First of all, are there really that many black people on the beach?
Oh!
I think they were shipping them in.
Yeah, I think Jesse Jackson will be down here another week or two.
As soon as he gets up there in Decatur, Illinois, Jesse will be down here to take care of that.
And then what the hell was it in the Ty restaurant in Pemberer Pines that shipped a lot of rata or something like that?
Yeah, that's the name of that.
No, that's the name of it.
I don't know why you're so against it.
It's called, spelled CHIT LRA, Chitlata Rata.
And they said, this fool here is very, very kitty is what they said.
No, they said it was very good.
And they had a black lady in their very light conflicted by the way, which I'm surprised about that.
And she ordered chicken.
That's the name of the restaurant, George.
Your address is written in the faces Robert was last week.
That's the name of the restaurant, Chitlata Rata.
Well, I can't help it.
I didn't pick the name.
Jesus Christ.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on it.
You didn't hear that story?
Yeah, this is just coincidentally right on the heels of Taitoni.
We get another one that Chitlata Rata placed in the Pemberer Pines and some very light conflicted black woman went in there with a 60 year old kid.
And they did the same thing with her and stuck a 15% on there because they said she was in there once before and didn't leave any kind of a tip.
And she said I was never in here before.
She's pissed off and probably getting a lawyer.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Our America's line is sitting there.
Look at that.
Wait till you hear this.
And guess what?
All the lines are working today.
There you go so far.
So far.
So good.
Yeah.
You should have seen last Monday and Tuesday.
I had howling.
I had puking.
We had the head of McAjari.
I got a tremendous comedy show out of it.
It was unbelievable.
877-785-0, 877-785-6345.
We pay it.
Here's Carl Springs.
Hello.
Yeah.
Good morning, you.
Yes, sir.
Two things.
So first of all about the salary on the hockey players.
There was an article on the Sun Sentinel on Saturday.
There's some of the owners or an uproar.
A lot of the teams are going broke.
Too bad.
Too bad.
Too bad.
Too bad.
Vancouver is like ready to clear bankruptcy.
They've got to have revenue sharing.
They've got to have salary caps.
And the fact that they don't have that shows how weak the owners have been.
And they let guys like in New York like the Rangers with their $60 million payroll.
They let just a handful of teams with all the big bucks spending and spending and driving the salaries up there.
It's their own fault.
Exactly.
But what they did say was that the CBA, the collective bargaining agreement that they have with the players, expires in 2000.
And there will be a year off.
That's right.
They're going to lose a year.
They'll go out on strike and they'll have a big, a bitter thing.
But they're going to have to get it resolved better.
It's going to be all over.
Yeah, the owners are preparing a lockout.
For sure.
Yeah, of course.
How long else can they continue?
And then about a year.
But again, how do you feel sorry for the owners when they're the ones that have been given the goddamn money in the first place?
Exactly.
Well, there's really no victims here at all.
They're all dope.
So there are victims.
The public are the ones that are the victims.
Oh, yeah.
There's a public that's been priced out.
The players and the players aren't.
The people who have given their tangible support and have been enthusiastic and supported these teams for years.
They're the ones who are the victims.
This is infected almost all of professional support.
Right.
That's right.
Now, the other thing is about your computer.
Your cable company can hook you up with their own DSL line and you're on all the time.
Really?
Yeah, there's never a business signal.
At least in the quarrel springs with the advanced cable I'm on with the computer.
And you're just on all the time.
So you cable from the DSL from the cable company?
Absolutely.
And there's never a business signal because you're always on.
So I don't understand how that works though.
In other words, your computer is hooked up to the cable as opposed to the phone line?
No, the cable company brings in the line over the cable line.
Over the cable line.
Yeah, over the cable line.
Over the phone line, rather.
Whatever.
Yeah, over some line.
But it works.
Okay.
I'm going to call him about it today.
Okay.
Thanks.
So what do you say George?
I hear him.
We don't know.
See, it's complicated.
It's complex.
Why don't they tell us these things?
Why doesn't somebody tell us for Christ's sake?
You're supposed to be a genius.
You're supposed to run into some 10-year-old kid that's a computer.
They're the ones that are going to tell you, oh yeah, here's what you got to do.
We're a bunch of old parts.
We don't know anything about this crap.
Here's Sunrise.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Great.
I tried NASCAR this weekend.
Oh, boy.
Oh, boy.
Oh, boy is right.
Thank God I got it.
A lot of good old boys down there though.
That's what Joe Costello said.
He said a good time was ahead.
He said scary pregnant women with no teeth.
It's a sight to behold.
But after 60 laps of them going around in a circle with no crashes, it was like time to go.
Yeah.
I mean, it was terminal.
I mean, that's all I could say.
Didn't even have the common decency for one little crash.
That's pretty boring.
It was terrible.
About AOL, if everybody calls them up and says you're going to cancel them,
or keep giving you free months, because they don't want to lose you, because they need to have like 50% of the price.
See, I don't care about squaring them.
I would just like service that's acceptable.
They don't know how to give that in.
I'm sorry.
You're right.
There's companies that give free internet service, but if it's over the phone line, it will always be interrupted.
Yeah.
The last caller who said with the DSL, whatever, I don't know nothing.
It's digital.
You get it right through Bell South.
It's built on your phone bill.
So, Bell South provides that?
Yeah, a separate cable.
It's not on the phone.
Right.
So you could actually use the same line while you're on, I don't know how they do it, but it's a separate cable.
That's what it is.
And it's digital.
You download it in a second.
You can get all the pornography in a second.
Yeah.
So it's really good.
It's a little bit more, but you don't have to install second lines.
No interruptions.
No interruptions.
It's really good.
Excellent.
I'm going to be on a medially.
One last thing.
In Carl's, there was an article, Carl Springs has a Realtor watch that Realtors are going to identify suspects in the daytime because they see someone suspicious.
And they said that the guide has that they're going to look to people who have tattoos or scars.
Now I'm a Realtor with three tattoos.
Oh, so it was my time.
I guess people in my office are going to be calling me in.
Yeah.
Is it that guy suspicious?
Well, we're welcome you in plantation anyway.
I'll be there.
Okay, see you.
56670560.
So I'm going to call Bell Sound to give my Amea DSL line.
Right.
That's what I need.
Thank you, sir.
God bless you.
Hello, Bell Sound.
There were a lot of Bell Sound Pete.
Not a lot, but there were a few people who worked for Bell Sound there with a little Jersey's on Saturday at the Hed Specs.
And they said, don't blame us.
I don't blame you guys.
Okay.
I blame the company for being about your hard asses and your neck.
I don't blame the little guys except the ones that are screwing with our phone service.
Then I do blame.
Here's North Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, sir.
I got your screw on the DSL with Bell Sound.
Okay.
It sucks.
It sucks.
Here's what happened after waiting 10 days for installation.
They came out on Friday to 5th and installed it.
Yeah.
On the following Wednesday, I have no service.
Well, I'm calling Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, finally on Saturday to determine that they pulled away.
And they said, why is it that the central office is off and I don't have service.
So when put in order into to determine the service, I was just F-O-L.
Yeah.
And I mean after spending hours and hours, six hours alone Saturday evening, trying to make sure I suck it.
And let me tell you something.
They said, okay, give it about 48 hours.
Plug it back in.
You should be back in service.
This morning, 730 being is right back on again.
Serving light crazy.
When it runs, it's like icing on the cake.
Yeah.
But at 930, just as the stock market is opening, it's another order placed, the terminated service.
Oh, it's one take until at least 6-7 o'clock tonight to get it back on.
Great.
But let me tell you something.
If you've got the opportunity, I think out there in Plantation, you have a road runner service.
Don't you?
Yeah.
A road runner?
Yeah.
That's what you came up with.
I think I saw him on the way to work this morning.
Yeah.
Well, if you can, see if you can get that.
It's $20 cheaper a month.
They're offering free installation currently.
But unfortunately, just like the phone company, the cable company really has no record of reliability.
So in other words, you've got to get that through the cable company.
You've got to get the revenue.
So how do I get through the cable company?
Have you ever tried a call of cable company?
It's the same thing.
I've got hours on end waiting for the phone company.
Everybody shipping each other.
And unfortunately, now this is one of the problems.
There's no backing up from the public service commission for this high speed access.
So if you've got a problem with them, you have to hammer it out.
Great.
So I'll bring the hammer out.
He'll straighten it out.
Okay, thanks.
I think I'm going to take my new computer, my beautiful new compact.
What's the number?
MV720, very expensive, very atop end.
I'm going to put it in the pool this afternoon.
Oh!
Maybe somebody down there can straighten it out.
Three minutes till noon at 5.60 QAM.
This is 5.60 QAM.
Wake up with the first key.
No road.
Jeff DeFarris and Steve Goldstein.
We dimmering to six.
Only on fourth radio, 5.60 QAM.
I'm sorry, I'm f**king blown.
WQAM, my heavy, hootie-hootie.
Don't you love Bill Bradley?
Don't we need Bill Bradley?
Yes.
He's more than six feet tall.
Play for a basket ball.
It ain't here.
Don't you love Bill Bradley?
Yeah, we need him that day.
He's going to win the race.
People of him cars he is an outdoor toy.
Did I mention that he is an outdoor toy?
He played for the nymph.
He doesn't borrow sick.
Yeah, we love him cars he is an outdoor toy.
Not outdoor.
Not outdoor.
Roy.
Not outdoor.
Yeah, he's not outdoor.
I'll play it one time more.
We love Bill our life.
Mostly because he's not boring out the door.
Well, don't you love Bill Bradley?
Don't you love Bill Bradley?
No, we're one at 5.60 QAM.
We got the Humphur Outer Chool as this afternoon.
Hank would net more five to six.
Six to eight forty five.
We got Luke Shambay, a monster in the sports broadcasting business.
And then we got money that football that jets at the Patriots.
How about those dolphins, huh?
Yeah.
Not one call on that today.
Of course, we don't do a sports show.
We certainly don't have a shot in this show.
Boy, did they get their asses kicked the handed humano plate?
And Jimmy, he's making more excuses.
While it was all that controversy in the media and the quarterback, yeah, right.
You made your own bed and now you're waddling your fumbling around in the okay.
Doofball, FATSO.
God is he an asshole, man.
See, the people on this station eat a little dog and Hank, I understand.
They're in a predicament because they both do what Jimmy Johnson shows.
So they have to suck up to him a lot.
But I guarantee if you can get some of these people aside and be very objective, they'd probably say he's an asshole.
He's an asshole.
He really is.
He's a hard ass.
Nice going there.
And by the way, what I tell you about little dog, flutty man.
What did I tell you?
Here's a mobile and tamer, Akkilo.
Hey, Neil. How you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
When you're cable stuff for your DSL, you can.
The morning show advertised the company called Flashcom.
They have DSL and you don't have to deal with the phone.
The phone company, they use the same phone line you already got in your house.
It's like $39 or $40-$40 a month.
And you always connect it 24 hours a day.
If you're turning on your computer, you're connected.
Really?
And you can be on the phone and on the internet at the same time.
You don't have to have a second line.
But you can't get on the phone and on the internet at the same time.
At the same time.
Right, with the one line.
Because it works with like a higher frequency.
But it's not available everywhere because it's all on how far away from you are.
Like, I'm out where you are and I couldn't get it.
So I went through the cable company.
And the cable company charged you to $39.
It's just as fast.
Yeah.
And you can be at the same thing.
You go through your existing cable line in the house.
And the only thing is, is the more people that are watched that are on like at five o'clock,
it slows down a little bit.
But it's still like you can download it.
That's true with any service.
Yeah, but you can download it today.
Yesterday, there must have been 70 billion people on AOL yesterday.
I mean, you can tell how many people around it by how fast your computer is working.
And when it slows down, you know, it tells you we're going to 28,
even though you got a 15-inch computer, because there's a zillion people on there.
But like the cable modem is 50 times faster than the phone line.
So, otherwise, I just call my cable company on the monitor.
You have media one out by you, right?
Yeah, just call media one and tell me you want to get their cable service.
They come out, they set it up, they charge you $39 a month.
But it's worth it for me.
You don't have to have a second phone line or anything.
And maybe I want their DSL service, you mean?
Yeah, it's not called DSL.
It's called their Roadrunner service.
Oh, Roadrunner, like the guy said, the Roadrunner.
Right. The other thing is the L1 to thank you for introducing me to the Atkins diet.
I started like three weeks ago, I've lost them with 14 pounds.
Great. I love it.
I've been honest since about 10 o'clock this morning.
Keep it up, man.
The first couple days were hard, but after that, you know, the bread doesn't bother me or anything anymore.
Keep it up.
Thanks a lot, buddy.
Thanks.
Yeah, I've been on the Atkins since about the quarter of 10,
but we had that clam chowder this morning that was very good.
And also the wildest shrimp cocktail was at Atkins, right?
Oh, it's okay. I just can't do it.
It is a great diet.
I recommended highly, but I can't do it.
I just can't do it.
I think that if I could lose about 15 pounds and just stay there, that I would be fine.
Do you know what I'm saying? Just 15 pounds and then just stay there forever.
Because I'm just not a skinny kind of a guy anymore.
I just like food.
I just like my food.
You can keep psychoanalyzing.
If I were to ask this audience, do you like not eating or eating better?
No, seriously.
No, no, that reminds me when I was a KAT the first month that I was here.
I was so amazed at how sour the people were down here, especially those old farts on the beach,
all those old people.
You know, I kind of beach we used to talk to on KAT.
And I said, you people are so negative.
I said, I bet if I took a poll, what do you like better?
Death or life?
We'd have somebody called and say death.
Sure enough.
Some old friends.
Yeah, death.
And I said, from your mouth to somebody's ear.
Yeah, I like it.
If I have to choose between not eating or eating, if I have to choose between good food and, you know, nothing.
I'll take the good food.
Thank you.
Here's a mobile and Delray Beach.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I just like you to define a term and explain why I used it a little earlier this morning.
I'll hang up on the two answers.
The term is pericooled for hurricanes.
Why, why I used this?
I'll hang up and listen.
I haven't called the hurricanes for how many years.
Since Jimmy Johnson was there as a matter of fact, I think he invented the term or call him up and ask him what it's all about.
Back in a fiestable, okay, when I dressed up in those fatigue, Jimmy Johnson invented the concept of hurricane.
You got it, sir?
No.
You got it.
No.
I didn't think so.
But he hung up and he's listening.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a call from Naples.
Hello.
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
Hey, ALL, an ad filled monopoly.
Yeah.
It's a nightmare.
There were a bunch of fascists over there.
They're the anti-Christ at ALL.
I hate them like poison.
You should.
It's bad.
I hear you say earlier that we picked up Bray Shepherd.
Yes, we did.
30-Ray Shepherd.
Yeah.
Ancient guy.
He's old and they can stick it in there once and a while.
And they're saying now to me that they're going to put him on the line with Bray.
Why do we want somebody old and slow on the line with Bray?
Why couldn't we get, we already got, you know, we got the guy that should be the center on the line with Bray.
Why not get somebody else out there who's got some speed if they don't want to put Bray in the center?
Why didn't they get Stevie Sullivan from the least for crying out loud?
Would have been a great center on that line.
No, he's too small.
Yeah, I don't know.
Like said, that would be a good, in addition to which you do understand that Bray Shepherd
who wasn't playing for anybody at this point, they're picking him up for a song.
You know, he's probably playing a pan-a-pan-a-us to come play for the pan-a-pan-a-us.
Yeah, probably.
Yeah, he's a good score.
He's a good guy.
He's a big fan of mine too, by the way.
Okay, nice going, Bray.
But you're old, you're old and slow.
But anyway.
You won't find him in the corner, that's for sure.
Right.
Rhythm calling is, I'm trying to get through the center one, Carol.
5,6,3,3,6,100.
Right.
I want my keychain, let's try to get my keychain.
Yeah, what's happening?
The voicemail box is full.
Yeah, but this goes, Carol, I don't want to start picking on Carol.
But Carol doesn't return anybody's calls.
I had some guys that came out some young guys in Saturday who had ordered their keychains
weeks ago and I gave them actually a couple or one or whatever I gave them.
Because she's not getting back to them.
Carol, answer somebody's calls.
You're getting like Greg Reads, sweetheart.
Yeah.
Carol, that wasn't there on Saturday and sent some Howard fan out there to sit there for a
cent of one.
Yeah, some pregnant bitch, she's a big Howard fan.
Oh, yeah, Howard's got two TV shows.
What happened to your TV show?
I said we ran out of lesbians.
Well, help me out, Carol, and Neil God, Taitamis, please.
Okay.
All right.
See you.
Taitamis right on the heels of the Huracune's call.
We don't want to do that.
Do we want to do that?
Uh-huh.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, pound five.
Yeah, see this thing with that number, you know.
How's Camille's house doing, by the way?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8.
No, seriously, this is a great cheerleading.
They do a lot of great work.
They help people.
I mean, people are really need their help.
But we've got to get Carol a little bit more on the ball here.
Or she's going to wind up being another Sam, you know, if she don't get the hell with it.
Get with it, Carol.
God damn it.
Let's start returning to those people's phone calls.
We got all kinds of things.
And seven to everybody in their brother wants to key change.
And if they got any brains, they want like a whole hundred of them.
If they're smart, because they're great.
That's what they are.
I would say that they're right.
That's what they are.
And once your kids get ahold of these, your life will never be the same again.
I'll carry that right now.
8 minutes past noon at 5.60 QAM.
This is 5.60 QAM.
Sports radio.
5.60 QAM.
And that's the Pio game.
How are you?
I'm Tommy from Pia Tommy, saying for the best Thai food and the best service.
And wrong is you're not black.
Come on down to Thai Tommy or South Beach.
We ain't all like black people.
They don't keep well.
Besides, white black people are too attached to it anyway.
We're not have bright chicken on the menu.
Oh wait, I forget.
We have a spare ribs.
No change, I call.
What does that mean?
It's a button.
So, if you're not black, come on down to Thai Tommy.
Come to think of it.
Those damn gay people, we ain't not like them either.
Sure they took food.
But they talk too loud with funny lists.
They serve other customers.
No come back.
So, no gay, no black.
And while we're at it, light a people.
You make reservation for 715.
Don't show up at 820 and expect your table.
We give to someone else already.
Light a people always late.
No black, no gay, no light an entire Tommy.
And Jewish people, you stop bickering our bill.
Who cares who have what?
Hey, where the angle?
Set it outside.
Take 45 minutes to try to divide up bill.
We ain't no one here.
No Jew, no black, no fact, no Cuban.
And white people, you think you better than everybody else.
Come claim too much if we don't teach your ass.
You're not come back.
No white, no black, no Jew, no light an entire gay.
Everybody else, for the best Thai food,
come on down to Thai Tommy, on the beach.
Hurry before we have to close.
No.
So anyway, a fact here says, obviously,
that a lot of these people are being tossed in.
The rabble rouses that are demonstrating outside of the door.
The protest joined by whites, Hispanics, Asians, and Broward Blacks.
Broward Blacks.
Are Broward Blacks eating a tytonis?
No.
Well, they just said, decided they'd come on down.
They thought Rod Roddy was hanging out.
Come on down.
Okay.
The rabble rouses a little bit.
Forced the restaurant to close for two nights.
People must learn you cannot discriminate and profit any longer said,
a bishop, Victor Curry, president of the Miami chapter of the NAACP.
But he said he was also concerned about the lack of reproach from city officials.
I don't know why we haven't heard from the powers that be.
The newly elected mayor in the commission of the Miami Beach, he said,
to at least say they don't condone this behavior.
We haven't heard a word from them.
If the city doesn't make some kind of protest, he said,
the protest will be widened.
Will Boycott the Beach, he says?
I don't know.
You like that?
The Schwarches are going to Boycott the Beach.
We don't see no Schwarches on the beach if they don't do something about this.
What do you say to that?
All right.
Yeah, I'm going to go back to the beach.
See how things are looking over there.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line, 877, 785,
Neal on the, whatever that line is, expensive line.
Here's Tamara, hello.
Hello, Neal.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Great.
Listen, I'm a technician with Media One.
Yes, sir.
And we have the roadrunner service.
Roadrunner.
So when I heard about you trying to get the high speed data.
Right.
I called down to the office and just told him, you know,
A, Neal Rodger is interested in.
Right.
So I called the Directive Operations.
He said, he's going to go over to the high speed data department.
He's going to get a call over to you and get you straight now.
We're going to take care of you.
That's the only problem is my account is under my real name.
It's under Neal Rodgers.
Well, I think they're going to call down to the station there.
Maybe talk to George.
Right.
Get through you.
That would be great.
How fast can they install it?
Well, I'm pretty sure they can take care of you.
Maybe we can jump you ahead of the list there.
Right.
Try and get you as soon as possible.
Excellent.
All right.
Like by three o'clock.
Sounds good, pal.
All right.
Thanks a lot.
Take it easy.
See, I don't want to make the rest of you feel bad that you're not an important person.
You know, but you're not.
And that's just the way it goes.
I'm important.
I want to be hit a line, you know.
I'm not one of those people that mussels in.
In fact, I'm very nice in the supermarket.
If somebody's got one or two items and they want to get ahead.
I did that just the other day.
Somebody wants to have one or two items and get ahead of me.
I always say no.
No.
No, I did.
Let them in.
That's a big hurry.
What's the big deal?
Because as soon as I get home, anyway, the sooner I'm going to start eating whatever the food was that I bought.
And I'm not one of those people eats the food in the store, like some of you slabs out there.
Like some of you disgusting pregnant women that are walking around with your big poopy-kicking and carrying another one in the arm already.
And you're shoving food in your face and a baby's face right there in the store.
Disgusting grotesque pigs.
Roadrunner, baby.
Let's get the roadrunner after I say get that thing speeded up.
And then if Gary Sarner gets with the program, we'll get the ISP guy.
Whoever that's going to be.
And get somebody on there besides AOL that doesn't keep crapping out every five minutes.
I think that most people hate AOL.
Most people despise them and resent them bitterly.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello.
Yeah, hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Okay, the difference is your regular dial-up is about 56k speed.
Yeah.
Your cable modems are at 400k and your DSL are at 1500k.
You want the digital.
You don't want the cable.
If the drizzles, you get it.
But the truth is everything goes out.
You don't get straight all the time.
So the roadrunner crafts out if there's a cloud in the sky.
That would just say like my kids.
I don't know about them, but I live in this area of cable vision and they get a different cable modem.
And I heard from people that, uh, was soon as the drizzles the motor, the motor was out.
Oh, and that'd be nice.
Yeah, I use bell cells, you know, they go down once in a while.
But the speed is amazing.
I can download like the entire songs that used to take a half hour and four seconds.
Like a DSL line, you mean?
Yeah, yeah.
Uh, the other thing, did you hear the FU comment on that football game that got on the air?
No, I did not.
Oh, yeah, they didn't delete it out.
They were, they went down to the play of the microphone and they were a lot of...
What came up here was this.
I don't think it was a dolphin game.
It might have been the Cowboys.
I'm not sure.
It was one of the televised games in the afternoon.
Cowboys on the Tecres, yeah.
I think so and they is.
One of the players was little found out.
That's about it.
Okay, thank you.
Thank you.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5.
So now, do I have any idea now what I'm supposed to do?
Well, George, just take line two and he'll tell you.
Here's a mobile and four lotterdale.
Hello.
I have a medium one.
It's fantastic.
Don't know if that guy has no one he's talking about.
Yeah.
The weather doesn't affect it.
It's great.
In fact, I can download faster than my friends who have Bell Stuff, ADSL line.
Right.
So, how does it arrive?
I'm still confused.
Being the moron that I am when it comes to this kind of stuff.
What do they have to hook up?
What does a cable company do?
They hook it to your regular phone line?
It's not.
To the cable line.
Okay.
A medium one offers cable TV, Internet access, and now off the telephone service.
And it's run off the fiber optic lines that a medium one is put in.
And I love it.
It's great.
And I have less problems than my friends that have the Bell Stuff, ADSL.
Okay.
Well, I'm doing it.
The guy said that by the time I get home, he said it will already be offering.
Or something.
I'm in a motor hill off of a university.
It's great.
So, I'm close to you.
You probably can get the same thing.
Okay, thanks.
You've got medium ones.
Yes, I do.
Bye-bye.
Thanks, Lon.
Okay, so, do we know what we are doing?
No.
No, but hey, we're getting a lot of help.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0.5, 60 on the AT&T line.
8, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, Niel.
I'll tell you one thing.
I'm going to run business.
I should be in a computer business.
I'll tell you, especially on a weekend, like yesterday, you go into any of these stores.
Brandsmart, Best Buy, Endium.
And it is just packed.
I mean, wall to wall with people.
I don't know about everybody crying.
Maybe I shouldn't be crying for people who are only right by a computer that goes to a ballgame.
Maybe that's what it is.
Because the computer you've got forever, the ballgame, a couple of hours, it's over.
And it's over.
You heard Gary Glitter again for the 50,000 time.
What's a big deal?
But it's just unbelievable to me that people go in there and just...
You have to stand online just to talk to somebody in these stores.
Just to say, hey, I know what I want.
Can you just slap it off the shelf just to get the honor of somebody speaking to you?
Until I recognize you that you're the very important guy on the radio.
And they say, oh, yeah, we'll be right over.
And give you a big kiss.
Here's Mimey Springs.
Hello.
Mimey Springs.
Is it gone?
Sounds real gone to me.
Here's a lady in Homestead.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi. How are you?
I'm good.
So I was hearing that you're talking about a cable access or a cable modem access in DSL line.
I am working with an internet company down here in Homestead and we provide service to the
state and the Broward County areas.
I heard that you're a little bit confused on the cable modem in DSL thing.
And I understand that it's extremely confusing.
That's a little note note that lets you know.
Before we started our internet company, we had a Delphi as Powerlink, which is the cable
modem access.
Some days it was very good.
I mean, they're downloading very fast.
It was wonderful.
Other days it was extremely slow.
Really?
And then it started getting more flow and slower and slower.
Because more people were on it.
Exactly.
And the same thing goes for the DSL.
It's very good right now.
I have a couple of friends that have the DSL through BELSTOUT.
They say it's great sometimes, but then a couple of people get online and it gets
slower.
One of the solutions that we did for our customers is dual modem connections, which means that
you are constantly going at 112K.
And that's a dedicated, you know, that's a make sure that you're always going 112.
I mean, yes, it's not, you know, going 1.5 megabytes per second, but, you know, it's dedicated.
You always know that you're always going to download at that speed.
And that's something, you know, that's reassuring.
That way it's not like one day you're going fast and then the next day you're going to let it load.
Going really really slowly, you know?
But I wanted to let you know that if you're still at home and you're kind of confused about the whole thing to go check out our website.
Okay, what is that?
www.ilbs.net.
Correct.
Interlink Computer Service.
And check out the website and hopefully it'll be available to answer some of your questions.
And, you know, maybe you'll even want to join up.
Okay, if I can never get AOL to pop up this day, I'm going to take a look at it.
That's a very good point.
And I know AOL is awful.
Thanks a lot, sweetheart.
Thank you.
Bye-bye.
56670560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T line.
877785.
Neil.
8777856345 on the America's line.
Here's a mobile invoker.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, I'm in Oakland Park now.
All right, nice progress.
Hey, yeah, not bad out here today.
You're on the line.
Yeah, unfortunately.
Listen, Neil, I called you last week.
I told you about the anti-mime bus driver.
Right.
And, yes, if I was going to call back and you did your little note thing,
I was trying to get back with you the next day.
And George wasn't here when the 877 line was coming in.
I was coming across Alligator Alley.
I was laughing so hard.
It was like, it was like Marconi all over, like the radio.
It was so fine because you would ask it for people to call in and also these people
calling in.
It was like it was really funny what was happening.
It was amazing, you know.
It's like, hey, especially when you're working for cheap pricks like this and all of a sudden these long distance calls are actually coming in.
It's like a miracle.
I know George missed it.
It was really funny because especially the guy who was the airline attendant.
And you would ask for one of those like a month ago.
A male flight attendant in the public home and also this guy called one.
Yeah, this guy I think was calling from the wing.
All right.
Sounded like.
Okay, and to make it really, really short.
I got a keychain from Carol.
Yes, sir.
I actually went to center one and she was really, really nice.
I even helped her take some stuff out.
She was at the pizza lot the night before.
Really nice person.
Right.
I'm still here.
I'm just a little bit my keychain.
Okay.
Well, my, like you were talking about when you kids get older there.
Right.
My daughter's four.
And all she does off, she says is, oh.
And Rachel.
She walks around out going, racco.
You there?
I'm here.
Okay.
I'm here.
I'm not going anywhere.
Well, you know, there are 35 minutes.
You already saw phones and computers working over here.
Yeah.
Okay, I have a great day, pal.
All right.
Get out of here.
So what do you say?
5670560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Let's do a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Lady in Miami.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
How are you?
Great.
I was there at your parents on Saturday, actually.
And I was really surprised to see you look so grateful, right?
But I was.
It was so great for me in my age.
I don't look at day over 56.
No, you actually, you look at day over 45.
Yeah, that's what I would say.
Anyway.
And I didn't even say anything to you because I got so nervous when I got there.
Really?
Yeah.
I was there with a little boy and my friend.
We just got really nervous and we didn't say anything to you.
You just ran off.
Huh?
You just ran off?
Yeah.
I'm really bad because we were just in touch to you.
That's a fight.
Anyway, a little bit off the subject.
I'm calling because I heard not so long ago about this guy in North Carolina was a book
and everything.
The best way to lose weight and clear of illness is number one to eat strictly fruits and vegetables.
I can't do that.
I'm diabetic.
If I eat fruits, it's just my blood sugar soaring to astronomical levels.
Not to mention that your muscle mass will just, you know, you lose all your muscles.
Well, that sounds like Harvey Diamond.
That fit for life crap that I had on years and years ago.
That's what they pedaled, strictly fruit, a lot of fruit, a lot of watermelon.
Really?
Well, he's just...
It doesn't seem to be working because I don't see too many skinny black people.
Yeah.
Well, his secret is that fruits and vegetables, but here's the best part.
You have to believe in God and you have to leave your Bible.
Oh.
That's the best part.
So that's why I'm fat.
Yeah, that's why I'm fat.
God damn it.
There he goes again.
There he goes again.
Stickin' it to me again.
They're not reading the Bible.
What's bad about being in a tiny penis but now he's also making me fat.
Yeah, exactly.
Okay, well, I'll see you down there, honey.
All right, Neil.
Have a great day.
See you down in that place down there down below.
26 past noon at 5.60 W.A.M.
Head cap with nose to scores.
Starting at 10 of the last team in.
Week night, only on sports radio 5.50.
Q.A.M.
Anybody have a heart or a liver?
You're just dying to know where the George did blow cocaine.
Guess there's no evidence so I should keep some facts cocaine.
He just smiled all the while and denied.
Okay.
K.A.M.
U.S.
Pullin' to room 4, resident cocaine.
Now he's wadding your boat but don't ask him about cocaine.
You'll just lie and you'll smile and deny cocaine.
You'll tell your judge about acceptable one you had cocaine.
And we're all pretty sure this one is where a big blur cocaine.
What a shame to scound to the ground boy.
Okay.
Properly 1 at 5.60 W.A.M.
5.60 7.05.60
Pound 5.60 on the AT&T line.
877785 Neil.
8777756345 on the atulpree line.
Bingo Hall owner is bitter over June raids.
It's not only the swing clubs that the BS got their sights on but the bingo people.
The bingo people.
Them too.
The games of chance had gone silent and the spastic shouts had faded.
The spastic.
Don't you love that?
The spastic shouts.
As in...
But closing time brought another brand of excitement to the old time bingo parlor one night earlier this year in North Lauderdale.
Shortly after the evenings patrons had filtered out.
Broward Sheriff's office deputies.
That's the BS.
And North Lauderdale police.
Raided the gambling hall, hauling off everything from electronic bingo boards to financial records in a few hours.
Just like those cruise ships.
Anybody remember that?
Uh huh.
That they had to bring them back with their tail between their legs.
Can Jenny?
Again, you and Bobby Butterworth the fascist of Florida.
Raiding everybody.
Everywhere there's something evil gambling and God forbid maybe even sex.
The good time police are at it again.
And this is, you know, it's a charity place.
It's a charity God damn thing.
A nonprofit agency.
Richard Slick, your president of families of charity.
A family charity of Broward in which operates the bingo parlor said we've got a cloud over our business now.
We've been watching our charity go down the tubes for nothing.
No arrest have been made or charges filed against him or anybody else associated with a bingo house since the raid.
But let's put everybody out of business.
Let's make sure that everybody sits inside the house 24 hours today when they're not outside working or going to school with their hands folded.
Kissing their little Ken Jenny blow up doll or whatever they're supposed to for Bobby Butterworth doll.
What a sad, sad place.
Like I said, let's hear it for Dave County.
Oh!
I mean, we've got a lot of good things in Broward County and then a lot of bad things that we don't have in Broward, but we have Ken Jenny.
Which makes up for a lot.
Here's a model in Fort Lauderdale.
Hey, Neil. What's going on?
Yes, sir.
Well, I put a lot of talk about this ADSL versus cable motor.
Oh, sorry. I brought this up. It's not like the Rick and Sudge show.
You know, I'm a certified engineer for Microsoft. I install networks.
So I learned I learned both ways of it in which way is better which way is best.
I didn't hear why you were complaining about AOL.
What things do you have besides having a problem?
Because it's slow.
Because it disconnects 8 million times in the middle of whatever you're trying to do.
And because you get a busy signal after a busy signal and because you get those stupid pop-up ads all the time.
It's just, it's not good. It's a bad ISP.
Okay. A couple of things.
People have been covering their calls with truths and untruths.
ADSL. It's asymmetrical digital subscriber lines.
It's worth digital.
Broadband for all the advertising is analog.
So you have old versus new ADSL or on your same phone line.
Same, the dedicated line.
That means that no matter how many people are online, no matter what time of day it is,
you're going to have your dedicated speed.
And in this case, Bell South is 1.5 megabits down low per second.
You have an idea. You're right now, you have 56k modem.
FCC regulations say that you can't go faster than 53.
AOL, you probably can connect to 28.
Yeah, more of the time.
Okay. So that's 28 kilobits.
A megabit was a thousand, twenty-four kilobits.
So we're not being too technical.
But a bottom line is you're looking at about 1500 kilobits as opposed to 53,
which is the FCC law.
That's on the download.
The upload is 250 kilobits.
I believe it's 400 on the download.
Now, in your area, they don't have two-way cable meaning that you send them or see the 400,
you're not going to get it.
Because the Brown County Commission has to law saying that anyone coming in regarding Internet service,
any technology they develop has to be made available at no profit to their competitors.
Meaning 80 and she comes in and leaves the fiber optic ground network.
So they can charge everyone for a two-way cable modem.
That means they've got to sell it to AOL to anybody and not make a dime.
So I talked to AT&T and TCI when it was.
And they said they have absolutely no plans for any expansion or any growth because it's anti-competitive.
And they're actually suing brown County government because of it.
The ISDN, someone talked about the 112K.
We have a saying for that and it means I still don't know because it's so slow.
It is dedicated but so is ADSL.
I obviously have the ADSL service and I got it when it first came out from Bellasal because I knew what it was.
Bellasalco is in no way prepared to handle ADSL when I got it.
And I mean to the tune of 14 pages of history with me and Bellasal on the customer service line.
However, I'm happy to say that they seem to have ironed out whatever bugs they have and the service is great.
The download speeds are incredible.
I like to see a lot of games online so speed is an important importance to me.
One of my friends who used to have media alone had a one-way and in the afternoon, in 11, 12 and the afternoon,
there's no problem because you are going to work but when people come home at 5 o'clock,
you have to understand there's only a couple main lines that bring cable service to your neighborhood.
So when everyone gets on, it basically draws the bit with and places it up into everyone who is connected.
The ADSL, I think there are how many people have shared your phone lines to your house, none.
So it's only you.
And I've been on three-way conversations online, playing games and testing my download speeds.
and there have been phenomena.
All right, so what does Bell South have to do if you do that?
They have to put another phone line in?
No, same phone line.
What this happens is ADSL runs on a different frequency.
And what happens is you have your frequency bouncing for your voice on one speed and your
frequency bouncing for data on another speed.
What they will do is they'll probably come in and connect what they call an ADSL, Splitter-slash-filter
in your main line, and that's probably in your kitchen.
And if you have a hanging phone, it's a little box that's protruding from the wall
about an inch.
And it's no really, it's no further than the phone width itself, and they'll connect it
there, and they'll connect a separate jack for ADSL.
But there's no extra wires, and it's on the same phone line.
A lot of people can call you after this, but the bottom line is, and I'm not trying to
say, you know, I do this for a living.
So if anyone else calls you with anything different, just tell them to check their facts and
look it up, and they'll see, this is the way ADSL is.
Like I said in the beginning, they'll be as well as prepared now.
Like I said, oh, also regarding flashcom, because I looked at them strongly as well.
The speed for the money is not worth it, and the customer service is non-existent.
49.95 a month, if you have the complete choice plan from DELSEL.
Okay, thanks.
Okay, appreciate it.
Okay, do I know what I'm doing now?
Why is it that every time I get into something like this, no matter what it is, computers,
I mean, you name it.
And everybody who calls means, well, like this guy, he's an AOL expert.
He's a perfect expert, but by the time I get done, just remove it like that.
So what he said, he said the road runner blows.
Chunks.
21 before 1 at 5, 60 WQM.
Man, I need help.
I have a hairy chest.
I have a hairy chest.
I have a hairy chest.
Real men have hairy chest.
I like to watch Baywatch.
I like to watch Baywatch.
I like to watch Baywatch.
Real men like to watch Baywatch.
I like to listen to Ricky Martin.
What?
I like to listen to Ricky Martin.
Hello.
Real men dod listen to Ricky Martin.
Sorry, pal.
Ah, s***.
Oh, sorry.
Yes, I like to listen to Ricky Martin.
16 to 1 at 5, 60 WQM.
Let's hear it.
We're not hearing too much about him anymore.
Oh, thank God.
Oh, it was difficult.
It was painful, but it was quick, and it's just about over.
So here's the facts from something that puts a two little punky kids on here.
This is almost like a, what's his name?
Peter Leonard thing.
And it says at the end, this is about getting a two-way modem instead of a one-way cable modem.
Otherwise, you're screwed from your cable company.
And at the bottom, it says PS like the Keynes in the Noles.
AOL blows.
Ooooooh!
Amen.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0.
0.5, 60 on the AT&T line.
877, 7, 8, 5, 63, 45 on the toll-free line.
877, 7, 7, 8, 5, 0.
Here's a mobile in the Miami.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
Hey, don't listen.
I don't have any problems at all with AOL.
Okay, I've been using AOL since day one, and I get some of the best gate point fights that you can possibly.
Yeah, great, okay, good.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0.5, 60 on the AT&T line.
877, 7, 8, 5, 0.
Yeah, Neil on this panel.
Here's a mobile in four-loader deal.
Hello.
Mobile in four-loader deal.
Okay.
I hear you, I hear you're clicking it.
What is it?
What kind of a line is this?
There, there, there, there, there, there.
Just a parking with it.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes?
Good afternoon, local Neil.
Yes, sir.
Sorry, I had my headset off for a second.
Well, don't say it again.
I worked for a very large computer company, which I don't know if I'm sure I can say the name on the earth, but it's a Bluetooth company.
Yeah.
It's a little head.
You probably got a million cars off there on there, et cetera.
No matter what cable service or DSL service or whatever you get.
Yes.
I can, if you like, I can tap the addon.
You know, with your computer and make it all work and explain it to you in English, which probably not a whole lot of people can do.
Especially nowadays with computers.
You get a lot of people who are fantastic with the machines, but don't know how to work with the people.
And I'd be happy to help you out if you'd like to take my name and number off here.
Okay, George will take it.
Thank you.
No problem.
I'm so sorry I brought this up.
We were having a really good show there for most of the show, and then I brought this up, and then I was pulling the plug.
That was the end of that.
Sorry, I apologize profusely.
And as far as, you know, and we got the road runner guy, they want to hook me up on that thing like even before I get home.
And then we got the DSL from the phone company and all this other crap.
Too many gizmos and just not enough time.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
We got about 14-numbered open lines right now that I can't even begin to imagine what.
I apologize, even the Rick Riley I apologize.
Only once out Florida radio station has the hammer.
And you're listening to a co-oper weekday afternoon to two sports radio 560 Q AF.
So your dad's Jewish.
Is it done or a leak or does it involve your behind?
Yes.
Some sermon say it only gays to this.
Most states have laws.
You could be jailed or pay a fine.
The Senate now must fix with your affairs.
Oh, sat me, Peter Poppour, Kaboot's right.
Aren't you back for abandoning me?
Yeah.
Oh, sat me, the front door's so back side.
Just go and ask it Kennedy.
If you go on as my naces in the Senate, you'll have a seat.
People without health care, so flagging livelihood.
The way they act is really what is looong.
Well, they're helms to motto Spectre and horn and bob pack wood.
No better where you sit, get we get screwed.
Look bottom me, the Senate's lost its mind.
There's hunger, drugs and crime, God knows.
Look bottom me, there's saving all this time.
With hearings on Felicia.
Oh.
All right.
132 at 5.57.
Somebody sends me a stake in shake menu in the mail with all their locations all over time.
Boyton Beach, which we already knew that was there.
How about in Broward?
No.
No.
Still see nothing on here.
Also, somebody sends me a fax beginning of that clown at old part that was giving me a sawdance trying to pedal that God damn cruise ship a few minutes ago.
A surveillance tape and a waiting indictment put a damper on celebrations for a new ship.
The chief engineer for the Voyager of the Seas, the world's largest cruise ship, was arrested by federal agents last Thursday for illegal dumping and environmental crimes.
How do you like that?
What can you hear this guy's name by the way?
Royal Caribbean has been the focus of several similar cases in the past, but this case singles out an individual crew member and connection with an indictment out of California.
It is here aboard the newly arrived Voyager of the Seas that federal agents were finally able to mad their men.
NBC6 confirmed that engineer Larsen...
Andoy!
Now let me say it again.
Larsen...
Oy!
His name is O-Y-S-T-E-I-N.
Oy!
...seeing faces charges of illegally dumping oil off the coast of California, then lying about it.
An undercover government video released earlier this year showed another Royal Caribbean ship in action.
The cameras investigators say, caught workers dumping chemicals and oils into the sea, sometimes through secret pipes.
How do you like that?
So take your cruise ship and shove it you old fossil, okay?
Perfect for you!
Rolled parts like you.
Anybody at the end of the hundred, stay off those cruise ships.
Now I have a terrible confession to make.
What?
No, I have a confession to make, now.
Of course it's only about something I've done in the last... or I discovered I've done in the last couple of minutes.
Thanks to one of our wise guys out there in Radio Land.
That sends my name in.
You know they have this world vision thing where you adopt a starving kid in Latin America somewhere?
So I have a confession to make ladies and gentlemen.
I have a stepson who will be starving to death because I'm not sending him any money.
That's right.
Am I going to send him any money?
No.
Because it's got this picture in here, boys, he ugly.
In fact, look at the size of those eyes.
That was very sad, big, brown eyes.
Uh-huh.
Now I just can put some leftovers in a zip long bag and get them out the mouth.
No.
Alex Joaquin Flores.
He's in the sand cell, but here's his address.
Here's Alex's address.
And I'm his whatever, whatever it is.
I'm his sponsor.
Sugar daddy.
So sugar daddy, whatever it is.
Here's my letter.
Este motto amigo.
Oh, of course it's an esponial.
Quiero tomorrow es esta oportunidad para expresarle.
Mis inseros, or whatever that is.
Por el compromiso, que a H.O.
they say whatever this is.
They mean the world vision.
Bienvenido.
No, no, no.
El paso.
Su compromiso, mensual.
Menci?
Ayudara.
No, I'm not sending nothing to Alex.
Okay, Alex, you're going to be starving to death.
Alex, I'm sure you're nice to young boy, but no.
Jesus, dejo.
Desierto.
Os digo que en cuanto los, he's his, he's, he's, he's, he is.
What is that?
Historic to me.
Uno de estos mis hermanos.
Mas pequeos, amigos, endom.
Ami, los, this is, there's that word again.
That's from San Mateo 2540, I never did new Jesus was in San Mateo.
He was, well, there's all those missing years, remember, between 12 and 12.
Oh, that's where he was.
He was in the west coast.
That's why he looked like that like a hippie.
He was probably had Berkeley, too.
Los adudamentos, El Polito de Alex.
Joaqu, Florida.
race, he continues to continue to continue to continue to
photo a history, oh yeah, he's a favorite subject of his
math. His grades, boy, boy, a favorite game, a la pelota,
what he likes, Pablo, he said, yeah, his name of what is
proyector, what is that name of his project of the number of
his product, Betania, what does that mean? Oh, what
value, what could are you, I'm doing better here with my
spict than you are, Como esting, you're saying Quintura and
Quintura, desperate, oh, he's desperate, he's desperate,
he definitely needs my help, he definitely needs my help.
No, no, isn't that sad? Somebody because they're being a
wise guy, this kid isn't going to get any other sugar daddy,
he needs my help. I will I give it no, he needs my money,
I will I give it, he needs my food, I will I give it,
he needs my assistance, I will I give it no, and here's his
address in San Salvador, I said to him, here's a kid that's
going to be starving, that's not because of me, because I'm
silly, spit out there, sent my name and he arrived, he's
dispossed to some kid. How do you like that? What are we going
to do about this? Getting just as much as he would have
gotten anyway? Yeah, nothing. Yeah, but this is very sad, it
says, when you write, please include your number, I'm
translating, now very good, but please include your number
and the number identification number of your child in the
card, the card in the letter. And that's as much as I can
understand. So there you go, we got a little dilemma here,
maybe we'll have to give Alex's address out there on the
year, and we can raise him a whole bunch of money, maybe a
fact Alex gets enough, I'll split it with him. Yeah, hey, I
can't come on a year and beg for money for myself, because I'm
making a lot of money, but I can come on and beg for money
for a poor little Alex from San Salvador who desperately needs
my help, not just ordinarily one of the mill needs my help,
desperate to amount, meant to whatever that is. Maybe someone
knows how to say kick back and spend it. Yeah, kick back. I'm
just going to kick back right here in the chair, let Alex do
the work, raise the money. Yeah. How do you like that?
Scandalist, neo-rodgers with a starving stepson. This is like
one of those Regis Filman stories. Only worse. 22 till 2 at 5
16 WDQM. I just built in for it. Go to WQAM.com for all the
latest dolphins information in your country. Great price.
Don't beat the broadcasts for 4th radio 560 WQM. I just want
Peter Allister know that all of us American govons on the
water company. We are Chinese too. The blockbuster film
fight clock. Then you'll love Brad Pitt in this scorching
sequel. The first rule of our city club is don't tell anyone
about our community club. Yeah, well, I don't agree to that.
But how can you not agree with that? Are you kidding? It's
poppin' exclusion, Eric. Yes, it is. Our human club co-starring
Ed Norton, Sory Locked in Participants. How can I know
anything about myself as a man if I've never been in an
argument? I disagree. I think your reasoning is fundamentally
flawed. You're such a reactionary. I am. Our
human club. Critics agree. It's definitely not as violent as
the original. We're going to take our club up a notch. Who's
with me? You know, that's a sad rash. Shouldn't we debate the
pros and cons first? I don't think so. Well, I do. If you
category on what movie to see this weekend, then agree to
disagree and see our human club. Now playing in the
like a city. Oh, it's not. Yes, it is. It is not. Yes, it is.
17 till two at five sixty WQM in a long-rate day crystal.
Richard Easterin's president, the world vision US. See the
problem of this is that we believe that this is legitimate.
This is a good way to lay a guilt upon somebody is to enroll
somebody on this thing. Then they send you this thing and
then even got the kids shoe size in a picture here and on his
address. And you have the feeling like, well, if you throw it away,
he's certainly not going to get another chance, right? He's
not going to know. Seriously, poor little Alex there. Look at
him. How would we see? He's nine or ten years old. Look at a
picture. Huh? Yeah. Maso Amano. Eight. Eight. Not
recently, probably. No. I probably have eight and weeks
waiting for my check. Huh? Now, he looks a little
emaciated. Of course, he's in San Salvador. But you could
send him some jerky. It'll keep. No. Let the Jamaican send him
the jerky. That's their thing. Hey, you Jamaican. Do you want
to send him some jerky? Yeah. Okay. Send him to Alex. And if I
don't respawn of this, he's going to starve to that. And I'm
going to wear his carrots. Huh? I'm going to probably
be joking about that. And I'm tearing up all four little
Alex. I just tore up his picture. And I tore up all this
stuff in all the literature and whoever the stick was that
synthesis shame on you. It's not going to be on my ass. It's
not going to be on my ass. It's going to be on your ass that
poor little Alex down there in El Salvador is starting that
because instead of a real person who wanted to get involved in
this thing, his sponsor, you've gotten me who I had no
interest in that. Because number one, I don't know if he's
really going to get the money. And number two, you know, one
of a bunch of crap that is already supporting enough people
who don't need to support the stranger from God damn central
America. So I hope you sleep real while you holy oh, whoever
sent this crap in. I hope that Jesus picks on you when you see
him in San Mateo. He'll be singles you out of the crowd and
gives you what for. That's in dread. Here's Hollywood. Hello.
Hello, Mr. Nail. Yes, sir. I've been down here in my
sentences over. I'm going back to civilization in three weeks
and I wanted to take a bite and say thank you for attempting to
introduce intelligent discourse to Southern Florida. I've
been trying for about a hundred years, pal, but I know you have
well, I'm originally from Boston and I wanted to say when I was
hearing you talk about that little boy, maybe you could give it
to Roy and then Roy could have a golf tournament and you'd
throw it. Yeah, and we can brother get OJ back here for that
again too. It's really like I'm curious to see the one who does a
spot late at night for one of your sponsors a commercial
company in art. Yes, that's him. I'm believe I'm going to
call them today. The other thing I wanted to say before I am,
I'm going to tell him why I would never buy anything from
because it's ridiculous, but I don't want you to get any
trouble. No. Before I go, I wanted to say that I've been
watching Pavel Burrey and he's the closest thing to Bar the
Or that I've seen in a long time. Yeah, well, different
kind of player. Yeah, but he makes everybody around and play
a little better when you have a people out the ice with them.
You see a little bit better skip than they're skating and they
finish out their checks and I think he's a great addition and
I hope that people down here will be smart enough to
appreciate the talent. No, they don't know who he is.
And for me, it's back to New England and my sentences over.
Good luck. Okay, good luck, you pal. Thanks. Have a great
life. Okay, there's a guy who's going back to
New England. A civilization up there with almost craggy
New Englanders 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound fight. Here's a call in
Naples. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing today?
Pretty good. I'll call for two reasons. First reason is to
help jack up the bill on this interplanetary line. Good.
And the second reason was I haven't heard you talking about the
earthquake yesterday afternoon. What would you like me to say about it? It was bad.
People died. Well, I mean, what is there to say about an earthquake?
Well, are you are we talking about the same one?
I'm talking about the one I felt here yesterday afternoon.
The one you felt there? Yeah. I could feel it all over here in Naples.
Yeah, and where was it from? Well, it was when Doug Flutey
threw that past Eric Mould. Oh, yeah. And all the dolphins fans
jumped off the bandwagon. That one. Great. That must be what I felt a tremor
was. I was wondering about that computer. Yeah. I felt tremors.
In fact, they were in my back dome. Yeah. Are they ready to hang
Damon next to Danny? Oh, yeah. They're off his bandwagon already. They want Danny back.
Once you're going to get back, let's get the car repracted to fix up his neck
and when Danny coming back. And they lost the game.
They, these people here, the biggest football. Not seriously. I don't have to tell you
that the biggest phoneies that ever came down the plate.
All their team has to do with lose one game and they're looking for blood.
I figured that. Yeah. I don't get to hear all those shows in the morning.
Well, you're very local. Thank you. So very fortunate.
Have a great day, Pat. Thanks for running up a good bill.
I got it. Say how do they want to be these two?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 1, 8, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, Niel is at
whatever that line is. They run up the bill line. 8, 7, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5,
6, 3, 4, 5. Look at that. That thing's starting to move a little bit.
Now that we're almost done today. And again, I apologize to myself. Not to you people.
We're kind of a moron. I know that Rick Riley almost put himself off the
ear with a computer talk and a stock market crap.
See, and I admit, unlike him, at least he knows a little bit about computers.
I know nothing. And I don't want to know.
All I want to do is have one that works good and the weather's supposed to do.
That's all. When you go out and spend $2,500 for a goddamn computer,
it would like to have it work right. See, there you go again. Sorry.
Here's sunrise. Hello.
Oh, yes, sir.
Next. Niel, how you doing?
Pretty good.
Okay, I'm just in the live remote from my bathroom here.
I'm looking at a 10-year old...
Oh, my God.
Sorry.
Wow.
Hey, I'm talking on the radio with my pants down. It is kind of amazing.
I'm looking at a 10-year-old spin magazine.
It's from October of 89.
It's an interview with Hunter Thompson.
Listen to what it just this little spot says.
And this was in 89.
I know. I'm very familiar by the way. Go ahead.
Okay, now we are being heard into the 90s,
which looks like it's going to be a true regeneration of swine,
a decade run by cops and hordes,
generation without humor, without mercy, dead heroes,
and diminished expectations, a history,
I mean, a decade that will go down in history at the gray area.
Right.
At the end of the decade, no one will be here at any name.
That's the great.
That's the great.
So beta rule, sex will kill you,
politicians lie and rain is pointless.
Right.
Oh, and the world is run by horse.
And that's 10 years.
I mean, man, did he hit it on the mark or what?
Him and what's his impatitude?
I have to get.
Yeah, I know.
They were on it.
Okay, well listen.
Okay, good.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pond 5, 60 on the 18th, T line 8th.
What was that online?
What was that?
That rang before.
Somebody wanted to know if you were going to make an appearance in four Myers.
No.
In fact, I think we're all done with appearances this year.
We had a decent turn out there.
We had a lot of very nice people there at the specs and Saturday.
And let me say it again.
I appreciate more than I can ever convey them.
The specs people have been sensational.
They put up a real great display
and buy your best in the LCD and consent
in a specs all over day,
brown and Palm Beach and in four Myers.
And we appreciate that very, very much.
But they've been stupendous, sensational.
But I think one of those appearances
enough, you got all those dumb picture cards.
Unless maybe some of the same people want to come back for seconds.
Jacob did not show up by the way.
I don't know where Jacob lives.
Jacob didn't show up.
A lot of very fine listeners out there showed up on Saturday.
Jacob, Jacob did.
