Sports Radio 560, WNM 560,
WNM 560, WNM 560,
WNM 560, WNM 560,
WNM 560, WNM 560,
WNM 560, WNM 560,
WNM 560, WNM 560,
WNM 560, WNM 560,
WNM 560, WNM 560,
WNM 560, WNM 560, WNM 560,
WNM 560, WNM 560, WNM 560,
WQAM will never be this way.
Starting this Monday,
it's the Suds Colman Show.
Monday through Friday,
6 to 10 am,
right before Neil,
the Suds Colman Show.
Only on 560,
WQAM.
Oh!
Let me take you down to
a stadium where
strawberry fields.
Yes!
While making drag fields.
Yes!
And nothing seems to chime out.
Uh-huh.
Strawberry rehab forever.
Oh!
Living is easy for sports girls.
Who puts the fanny in the seat?
A sofa sock and gizmet.
So, but he can still cash out.
Oh, man!
It's heking here,
293.
And he won't come down
because he loves his
win-strawberry field.
He's making drag fields.
And now he's heking here now.
Oh!
Strawberry rehab forever.
Oh!
Now when he's swinging
it's strike three.
I'll bet he must be high on blow.
Yeah!
And all the little kids will
think that it's all right
to get real high and grab a bat.
Let me take you down to
a stadium where
strawberry fields.
While making drag fields.
Oh!
The nestle's gonna kick him out.
Strawberry rehab forever.
Oh!
Strawberry rehab forever.
Yeah!
Field strawberry rehab forever.
It works for the large
of Nebraska.
Hello, there, strawberry.
It's cool, man.
I'm pushing it to the bottom of the game.
I'm gonna go back to the
ars Morning okay.
Little
another tough break for poor Darrell, maybe let's all say cottage for Darrell Strawberry.
A little problem this morning, three o'clock in the morning over there in Tampa.
He was all getting ready to go to the minor leagues, you know.
Get a rehab, he sent that little a colon cancer problem or a prostate, whatever it was.
And Yankee outfielder Darrell Strawberry charged with possession of cocaine and solicitation
of a prostitute over in Tampa.
How do you like that?
During a search by officers after he was arrested for associating an undercover officer
for $50 this morning, 0.3 grams of powder cocaine was found inside of his wallet.
Police said he was released on $6,000 bond shortly early today.
The Lanky left handed with eight time all star was in Tampa at Spring Training Camp
to get back into shape, getting ready to make his 85th comeback.
Okay, you think he's going to make his 85th?
No.
Come on, he deserves what, 20, 30 more chances?
I think that all juxtaposed to deserve like 70, 80 more chances.
Come on, just give him a chance.
Come on, Darrell.
Don't blow at this time.
So anyway, speaking of that, boy, I'm looking forward to this show today.
I have got so much stuff to talk about today.
I mean, I am looking forward to this eagerly and just, I can't begin to tell you.
First piece of great news, but this is selfish.
You know, I don't want to be selfish, but I will anyway.
Because I'm always telling you about what a lousy stock picker I am.
And yesterday I get home and I got CNBC sitting on there, which there was a great article
by the way about CNBC in the SNC on the yesterday, which I forgot I didn't have time to get
to because of all those great calls we had.
But they really do a great job.
That's the best of all the TV network CNBC.
These people I've said it many times before and remember we had to call from Ted David
a few weeks ago, sure you do.
They work like round the clock.
Joe Kernin, I think, must have a bed in the back there in his wife's season like about
an hour on a weekend.
I just, I don't believe the hours that these people put in and they like almost never make
a mistake.
They don't fumble and bumble.
And they just, I mean, granted that all the guests they bring on most of them are full
of crap.
And one guy says this, it's bare a crap, it's bull crap, you know, and who the hell knows
what they're talking about.
But they sure do a phenomenal job.
So I'm watching yesterday in the house and here comes Caterpillar, the bane of my
existence.
Okay.
I don't want to mention my good friend Derek at the track gave me a tip on this.
A bogus tip, months and months and months ago and I bought it at 55 and changed and it went
down as lower 39 and changed.
And just always to be stuck there between 44, 48, 46, go up a point or two, go down three
and I thought to myself, I'll never live long enough to get the money back.
I made a pretty, you know, fairly good chunk of change, investment on that thing.
Why I don't know because I'm a schmuck.
I look on the screen there on the Caterpillar of 60 and something.
I was on the phone like immediately if not sooner.
Salad, salad.
Okay, this come down.
Sal.
And as luck would have it, I wasn't able to get through to my broker right away because
I got one of those recordings, you know, like if you call for the airline, please hold
because the volume of calls right now is very heavy.
And when I did finally get you it had gone up another half a point.
I was 50 and 5-8.
It's nice going, Neil, for once in your life.
And this morning the bad news is it's back down 3-8 to the point already.
I hope it goes down to 10.
I hope not if you have any of it, but I just hope it goes down to 10.
And if it went up to 100, it doesn't phase me.
I'm not one of those people that says, gee, if I would only help out of it,
no, I'm real happy to bail out and make a very small and happily profit.
Thank you.
Thank you, Derek.
You lucked out.
By the way, if Dr. Marcus listening to anybody in his office, which I certainly doubt,
because I don't think there's anybody in his office, but if they are,
I noticed page two of my blood testing from the other day.
Oh, look at my arm, by the way.
You have a nice beautiful technicaler inside of my elbow there.
Not as good as the other one from that clinic that I don't want to mention,
but it's bizarre.
But anyway, so page two of my report came in yesterday,
or I found it this morning here on my fax machine.
Page one is mysteriously missing, which had the most important stuff.
But getting back to this stuff, getting back to this,
oh, we got so much stuff to do down.
Never have time to do it.
Let me just start with this about Hank.
I'm leaving here yesterday.
And Hank is going on, and his blood test results just came back.
Why they took that long, I have no idea, because he was telling me to the day,
it's taken like nine days or something.
Couple of days, you should have everything.
But at anybody said, oh, his test results were great.
His triglycerides were down to 110, minor 94, by the way.
But hey, that's pretty good 110.
And he said his blood sugar was normal, and his doctor said he's no longer diabetic.
Well, guess what, Hank?
If we just have a bulletin, Joe Di Maggio just announced he's no longer dead.
When I heard him say that, I wanted to, I didn't know whether the scream or just get out
of the car and lay down on the road.
There is no such thing as being no longer diabetic.
Hank, I hate to break the news to you.
My blood sugar in my test was 99.
That's great.
My glycohema globin, homoglobin, normal is 4.2 to 7.0, 6.8.
That's your blood sugar over a period of, I don't know how many weeks, but over a period
of time, which is the two measure of it.
6.8, well with a normal range.
Does that mean I'm no longer diabetic?
No.
No.
But you know, some people, if you want to be in denial of your life and pretend it just
doesn't happen.
I only wish that it could be.
You can control it.
But any doctor that would tell you that you're not diabetic anymore, that doctor should
sleep with the fishes.
I'll take that right now.
So don't be sent out for that hot, but Sunday for the banana split, for that triple chocolate
brownie, brownie-hound cake or whatever, because I hate to break the news to you.
Can't do it.
I do you like that?
The doctor says he's no longer diabetic.
10 past 10 at 560 WQ.
By the way, speaking of Hank, Depel had some amazing things to say this morning, which
we'll get to in a second.
Your findings will never be the same.
Starting this Monday on 560 WQAM, it's the morning Mayor, Herb Oscar Anderson.
Hello, Kevin.
Here's five.
I think it will be the same.
Are you guys all right?
Here's five.
There's blue.
Wake up to Herb Oscar Anderson Monday through Friday 6 at 10AM.
On 560 WQAM.
Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the two newest New York young people.
Dowell Strawberry.
I'm Dr. Gooden.
And their personal coach, Steve Howell.
Howell.
That's what I like, I know.
Dr. Gooden's in the lineup.
The straw man snorts the lineup.
He's ruling like a dog who heard of Bell.
All right.
He's high as a lab rat for smoking the cracket of bat.
He does some like cocaine, just like the way it smells.
Snort and A. Balls.
Harold's rolling up the plant.
Snort and A. Balls.
And he's keeping good and planning.
They lick the 20 dollar bill.
Their teeth are grinding like a peppermill.
Go in A. Balls.
Oh, how tall and pale.
Please, Mr. Steve Howell is in the bullpen.
His nostrils are wide open.
He's so f*** up beating.
He's on the braids.
He gets advice from Doc.
And Doc prescribed some rock.
The first deep blue line in Danny Blu to a safe.
Snort and A. Balls.
A abused a magic powder.
Snort and A. Balls wrinkle it on that clam chowder.
Prescription, cap of pet you will refill.
They do it in the pool if they had gills.
In the label.
Snort and A. Balls.
Howell.
Howell.
Howell and Pills.
All that money.
A. Balls.
Howell and Pills.
I like to welcome you all aboard.
Issue your manager.
Hi, block.
You know that old saying, Doc, you can take the boy out of the get over.
You can't take the scum out of the scum bag.
10.16 is 5.60 WQAM.
So anyway, we had some, I mean, that is a major story that happened late last night.
So it's not in your papers this morning.
Trust me when I tell you it's the MS.
But we had some spate, a series of dead people, although some of them may be coming back.
You know, like the people aren't diabetic anymore.
Like Joe, to Maggio says, trust me when I tell you, my doctor says I'm not dead anymore.
Huh?
Even Abe Lincoln's doctor says Abe had a bad headache for like 130 some years.
But he's not dead anymore.
Let's hear it for Abe.
Ow!
Guess who died?
Well, first of all, there's good news in there's bad news.
Ha ha ha ha.
Oh, that's terrible.
You shouldn't say that about him.
But when they die like Anthony Nulley.
I hate Anthony.
Wow, he's still not anymore.
He's dead.
Couldn't stand him.
Don't you remember him?
Tony Nulley, the British guy from Dr. Dole Little.
What kind of food was that?
Oh, he sang like he was the ultimate British constipated to Singer.
He was 67 died yesterday.
The actor playwright author, composer, lyricist and singer, died of disome in Jensen Beach after a lengthy bout with cancer.
He was first diagnosed in 1985 with renal cell cancer and one kidney removed after years of good health.
The cancer made a comeback because God works in mysterious ways in 1997 and now he's dead.
Oh!
Anthony Nulley dead.
What kind of food?
Well, I guess he's dead.
Full now.
You won't see him no more.
Although he could make a comeback if his doctor says he's okay.
Now, here's a couple that before we get to the big one, there's one very, very big name that died.
Unfortunately, the hero had missed it all together.
And the people at the Sun sent them, this guy deserved a little more play than you gave him.
At least I thought so.
But anyway, Jim Pleven's died in Nashville to self-proclaim popcorn king.
A market in the corn that produced a fluffier taste your popcorn to movie theaters and grocery stores he died.
He was 87.
He was probably the first guy that said that corn sure is special just before Ned Beatty said it to John Void.
Levens was operated in Nashville food brokerage business in the 40s when he noticed that the movie industry boom was boosting sales of popcorn, but suppliers hadn't caught up.
He signed a contract to supply all the popcorn for middle Tennessee and they like goes on and on.
We all know just Jim Pleven's whatever his name was.
Here's another one.
Gene Vanderpill pile.
I don't know how you pronounce that.
PYL.
However it is.
She's dead.
Now I guess it makes no difference.
I pronounce it now because she's dead.
Who was Gene Vander a pile pill?
Original voice of Wilma Flintstone.
Oi.
That's right.
She died of lung cancer.
She was 79.
All your kids out there.
She died of lung cancer.
That's because she was smoking those faggots.
Okay.
Stay away from those faggots kids.
That damn faggot.
I can't stand it.
Right.
All those faggots, man lung cancer.
Another one.
Who else just died?
Not to order a measure.
There was somebody else just died.
The smoking was a heavy heavy smoker.
It'll come to me.
Okay.
So there's three down and one to go.
And here's the big story.
And I first saw the headline and I thought, I thought I knew who it was.
And then I looked at the name and I said maybe I don't know who it was.
And then I read the story and I said yes, I didn't know who it was.
William Winsle, 75, long time letterman show an answer.
And I thought to myself, well, gee, the answer on David Letterman was Bill Wendell.
Well, William Winsle was Bill Wendell, who was first job in radio by the way.
Was it WHAM and Rochester, New York?
Many, many years ago.
He left there and moved to New York to join the Naughty Funk Dumont Television Network where
we worked with Ernie Kovacs.
When Kovacs left for NBC, Mr. Winsle followed.
And he also worked with, where's the thing, Gary Moore, Jack Barry, we're Griffin, Alan King.
He was the booth announcer, the studio announcer, and just as Vittian shows, daytime shows over the years, Bill Wendell.
And probably that's one of the reasons that Dave's ratings have gone through the toilet right now because
the Bill Wendell retired in 1995.
After nearly 14 years, because he said the fun had diminished, and he came to Florida to retire.
He was a resident of Del Ray Beach.
He was known professionally as Bill Wendell and died at a hospice by the sea in Boka at 75.
That of cancer.
Bill Wendell, anybody remember Bill Wendell?
No.
No.
Anybody ever read his a fanist?
No.
Either way, Howard Clyburn came by at the hockey game last night before the game.
Thankfully for reading his great column about the famous on the ear.
And still the night as he fell asleep on my show.
Well, you keep remembering it the way you want to Howard.
It's more fun to jazz it up on.
He did fall.
He didn't miss falling asleep, but he has a different memory of the story.
Bill Wendell is dead.
Bill Wendell, good guy.
Great.
Very one of those voices that was very distinctive.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yes.
Good.
That game last night, well, we don't want to talk too much about that.
There's not much to say about that.
Huh?
I mean, it was terrible.
It was just awful.
Nice that the Panthers won, but I mean, it was just horrible.
Two terrible desperate teams.
What did I just miss?
Did Mary want the, what was that all about?
I'm getting my employee to month money.
Oh my God.
Are you serious?
Did I just hear that?
Ladies and gentlemen, may you do it now, but okay?
Oh!
Now what was the thing I said yesterday?
Which is going to happen first?
You didn't, uh, that money or what was the other one?
Mine, you.
Okay, so there's the answer.
Not that we want to rip rumor again, doing?
Yes.
The answer is George gets the $200 check for being the employee of the month several months ago from Greg Reed.
Before he gets the free meal promised by rumor, what was that like two years ago?
At least two years ago.
You'll never live long enough to collect that.
He hates you like poison.
Wow.
How do you expect a guy that you hate and hates you to buy a dinner?
Although like you said, he doesn't have to be there.
We'll see that hate wasn't there until, uh, you know, all of these things.
Like stitching me for the dinner.
Like stitching you for the dinner.
All of these things.
Being an eco without a cause.
Yeah.
All that stuff.
But you did like the hockey shows, don't we found that out yesterday?
Oh yeah, there for now.
We have another interesting insta pull we're going to be doing today.
And the reason we're going to do this one today is because I think Deco brought up an interesting point this morning around the building.
And of course, you know, loose lips and ships.
If you're going to walk around a building and pat pat pat talking a lot and, uh, you know, saying all of these things.
All of these things.
I think that we ought to discuss it openly on the air.
You know, I've never been one of those people to say things off the air that I won't say on the air.
There's some things in life that you can't say.
But generally speaking, I don't worry about those things.
Offending somebody.
So, you know, obviously the ratings keep coming month after month, book after book, trend after trend.
This show continues going through the roof. We're doing great here.
Knock on, uh, whatever.
A lot of people hate to show a lot of people love it.
But they're all listening.
One way or the other, you know, issue is doing sensationally well.
Bringing in a lot of money here.
I'm sure Gregory likes that.
Even if he don't like the show, which I don't really care.
Because I don't do the show for Gregory.
Here in Joe Rose called Gregory Gregory this morning.
I wanted to up suck right there in my beautiful Corvette.
You know, if I were driving like a crappier car, I would have just puked all over the seat all over the steering wheel.
Gregory.
Man, oh man.
That little dog.
Just what a suck.
That's exactly what it was.
What did he say on that one thing?
I'll find it here.
Yeah.
That's what he says.
What a suck up job that was.
Yeah, right.
Gregory.
Do you, do you, do you think of Gregory?
Do you ever think in terms of Gregory?
Huh?
I think like in terms of puts, you know, a Gregory.
No.
No.
So anyway, uh, D.F. was posing the question or what was he, like, uh, well, however he was doing it.
I think it's called passing the book because the morning show afternoon drive, they're both pretty flat.
They don't, they go up a little tiny bit.
They go down a little tiny bit.
They're not going anywhere.
It's like when you're running in place, you know, your feet are moving fast.
You're not going anywhere.
In fact, even the program director when he called me about the last trend.
He made the comment to me about, well, you know, you went through the roof again.
You had a great trend.
We just don't ever seem to go anywhere.
The rest they were flat.
Flat is a pancake.
And D.F. seems to think that the problem on the station is the afternoon show.
It's Hank is what D.F. was basically saying.
Now, you might call that passing the book, you know, trying to deflect from your own deficiencies, whatever those might be, assuming that they're, I'm not saying that there are.
I'm not passing judgment.
I'm going to leave that to the audience.
Now, we do have a lot of people that don't listen to the rest of the station.
Those people naturally, they'll have to like sit and observe and chuckle a little bit, you know.
After this comfortably, these other people, since evidently they're looking to start, you know, they're trying to start with me.
I don't really care.
I heard them talking about me this morning and D.F. will make up some corny story about how I was jumping all over these kids at the game last night trying to shove them out of the way to get the little stuff that the blimp drops down.
You know, very fanciable, but corn is bad for you.
D.F.
Not only dietarily, but corn is bad for you.
It's a cure, corn kills, whether it's on your feet, whether it's on your plate, even if it's special, it's a killer.
It's bad stuff for you.
Even a popcorn guy, look at that.
He was 87.
I think he was probably only 47, too much popcorn.
He's dead.
But we'll find out today from this audience from those people who do listen to sports nerds.
We have plenty of them out there now.
They'll have an opinion just like yesterday on that hockey show thing.
The weak link on this radio station is that morning drive or is it afternoon drive?
Is it those three bozos in the morning or is it the hump or in the afternoon?
I will say this, because I like Hank, but yesterday I was listening and went through the thing about his doctor
and said he was no longer diabetic and I held him cry at the same time.
And then he goes to the phones and again, you can't blame this on Hank.
It's the caller, he sports nerds.
Here is a call.
This is a call.
Guys says, well, you know, I'm hearing that the courts might take a one and a four for Marshall fall.
And I went, click.
You think they take a one and a four?
How about Lawrence? Well, would he take a one and a two?
You think so? You think he might do that?
Uh-huh.
A one and a two and the off goes the radio.
So that's what we want to find out in our instant poll before we get to the important stuff today.
About Let's Fire Brian and Terry Murray.
Before we get to that stuff and Dave Hyde's call him this morning.
And where the hell are the rest of my blood test results, Dr. Mark?
So you can always say that he fact both pages, because we'll never know.
You know, here's page two.
I want page one.
What's the sense of listening to Paul Harvey and listening to page two if you're not going to hear what's on page one?
Anybody out there listening to Paul Harvey?
No. Good. He's also dead, by the way. Nobody told him.
Can't say with Paul Harvey Jr.
1027 at 560 WQM 50-chish my rear end.
And now a royal flesh.
Princess Di, are you in there?
Yes. Could you bring Princess some more tissue?
Yeah, okay, bitch.
Yes.
Ah.
How do I get this information from Belmore?
Princess Di, she said her doctor said she's not dead anymore.
Thank you. 1031 at 560 WQM.
We got Jim Mandog Mandage.
Yeah.
We'll hang this afternoon between two and six.
Then six o'clock we got talking baseball with Donnie B.
The Marlins and the Metz again.
The Marlins, they just keep showing up night after night.
Not for much use, but they keep showing up.
Any interest in that game?
No.
Okay, well let's get this thing going here today.
We had a tremendous response on those hockey shows yesterday.
What's the weak link here on QAM?
What is our programming problem?
The inquiring minds want to know.
Okay, as D.Fo Wright is hanged the problem on this radio station.
Is the hang Goldberg show where we have a deficiency?
Or is it that morning show?
Is that where the problem lies?
Or maybe it's the program director who just stuck his head in the door.
That could be the problem.
567 O560,
pound 560 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile unless pound beach.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'd like to talk about both of those shows.
Okay, go ahead and answer.
The morning management types will be listening carefully to this.
This is good stuff.
Okay, the morning shift, the problem is first of all the heads.
I mean you got to sit through, I mean so long,
and then they don't say anything in between the heads.
I mean you almost get more information through the heads.
Yeah.
And then when it comes to hang,
first of all, can he not eat for four hours?
Because he's always eaten or drinked in or doing something.
And I guess it's because he's in the restaurant.
Yeah.
But as soon as I hear that...
I eat and drink on the air every day.
I hear you just sit here drinking my water, having lunch.
But we don't hear you chewing.
I mean maybe you don't chew with your mouth open.
No, that's true.
And I'm going to eat very surreptitiously.
I can pack away like 14 salami sandwiches here.
You never even know it.
And sometimes it's like he's drinking a milkshake or something here.
I'm lurping at the end trying to get every little last bit.
And I think he knows a lot.
I don't think he's necessarily the problem,
but I think he's been conditioned to this area.
Yeah.
And nobody's got anything to say.
Just talk about Danny and Jimmy and this and that.
And then the draft.
Do you think the quilts will take a one and a four from our shelf walk?
And then everybody wants to talk about this receiver.
So what is your answer?
What's your analyzation of this?
My thing is, all these people are conditioned.
All the people that work their condition by the area.
And I think they're both bringing it down.
But the public likes it obviously,
because they're still turning in.
And you guys are getting mad.
And they're okay, but they're not showing how it's going anywhere.
They're like flat.
I mean, little too tense of a point up, too tense of a point down.
Like I said, running in place, there's just no spark.
There's no taking off and really going somewhere.
And then when you follow a show with the numbers that I got here,
there's no reason why like 40 or 50% of them ought to drop off of it on the next hour.
Maybe this is just a sign of what the towns like.
And most of the poufas are like in the town too.
Just flat.
Well, areas, some of them.
But you don't really have a problem with either show.
You say they're doing fine.
I think they're working in your mouth, but.
I think they both suck.
And I think this area sucks, too.
Okay, thank you.
Okay, look at this area.
Much suckers.
I answer a very important question here.
I want to call on the board.
These people don't care.
I mean, I know they don't care about much.
Are these phones working or what?
Huh?
Don't break me.
You won't like this.
What the hell's going on with this crowd here this morning?
5.670560, 0.560 on the mobile one line.
Here's Coral Springs.
Hello?
Yeah, they both suck, but.
Yeah, hey sucks less because I'm fed too when I like them.
Okay, there.
Okay, the fact people come down on a side of Hank.
There you go.
I'm surprised he didn't throw a boog's name in there.
But by the way, the pool, we left out the New York and San Francisco factor.
I didn't realize the Marlins are going to be on the road that long.
So when we get boog's weight, a lot of us left out the, you know,
the, the, it's probably 17 or 18 pounds.
We should just make that like a, you know, a given.
We'll subtract that when it comes back.
Now, what is that all about?
Why is that line, I don't, I don't, this phone is bizarre.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I wanted to respond to the both the sport shows.
Are you people are slow this morning?
I'll tell you that.
You're slow.
Go ahead.
I'm in my car every day and listen to your show as well as the two sports shows.
And they're going to be real boring.
They're going to be real boring.
Yeah.
And so I, I don't listen to them.
So in other words, you would say that needed both, not just one or the other.
You wouldn't say that D.Fo is right when he wants to blame Hank for the problem with the ratings on the board.
Well, that's what, that's what he's saying.
He's going around a building shooting off him out, which is unusual for him.
He's usually a fence sitter.
But I guess he's starting to feel a pressure a little bit.
Now he wants to suggest, Hank is the problem for the stations, a lack of success.
Well, I thought I would put a little bit of humor in your, in your shows.
Like, like you have a New York.
Right.
And then maybe maybe they have some more of this.
And as opposed to that.
I'm going to be tired of this draft stuff.
In other words, remove the corn and insert some real humor.
Absolutely, sir.
Okay.
God bless you, sir.
Have a great day.
So we said too much corn, D.Fo is what he said.
By the way, if they were to talk this morning about Pamela Lee and her breast reduction,
that would have been much better than, you know, about the draft.
Huh?
Now, you don't want to hear about that.
But all the guys out there, they do want to hear about that.
They want to hear about Pamela Lee's breast reduction.
They want to see the pictures.
They want to sniff it.
They want to know what it's all about.
Whether you think that she's hot or not.
And what's the product time she was for at least five or ten minutes?
Here is Miami.
Hello.
I know.
Yes, sir.
I want to go 50% that tune off and on.
I'll tune on as soon as you come in.
You know, come on.
Right.
And tune off immediately right up the UN.
I just, I can't take sports.
It's boring.
I don't like watching it.
But we should have a third category.
Is it the morning show?
Is it Hank?
Or is it the format?
It's the format, absolutely.
You guys, uh, the first, uh, the first...
The all sports format, the one-dimensional narrow-casting all sports format,
could be the problem.
Now, Gregory won't like your net because it's an ego trip for him, you know.
Well, the two thirds.
Right, he can't think.
But, uh, it's boring.
Absolutely boring.
I will not let the only time I'll listen to it, it's like if the mountains get clogged really bad.
Right.
Like Levant, uh, got...
Well, Levant, given up 85 runs on the first two winnings, right?
Yeah, that was fun.
Let me ask you, do you think Levant can win three games this year?
No.
No.
Exactly.
Okay, thank you, sir.
All right.
And God bless you.
There's one of our people.
One of our people, one of our exclusive cume here between 10 and 2,
who doesn't want to listen to all this sports stuff.
Maybe that's the problem.
Maybe D-4 is barking up the wrong ass, you know what I'm saying?
Running around the building, knocking Hank.
I mean, if I have to come down on one side or the other, um,
I don't know.
I'd have to think about it.
Because I do like Hank, but I mean, and I like...
I like when Hank is...
And this guy's got a good point.
I like hearing Hank talk about stuff.
I don't like when they start with the...
You know, as soon as the first call start coming in with that draft stuff,
oh my god.
It's either...
Do you think Levant can win 30 games this weekend?
Or...
Well, I take a one and a four from ourself fuck, you think?
How about waiting no Saturday and see what they take?
Take two and call us in the morning, okay?
Anyway, yeah.
What is that?
What is that from?
I don't know.
I don't want to hear that.
You know, you're starting to do things.
Now, who used to do that?
Or was it Adam that used to do that?
I'm trying to think who used to do that?
Dropping little things in there.
You're starting to like...
Just a little tiny degree of losing it.
I don't know what it is.
It's been all month long.
Ever since you and Remember had that big falling out?
Several years ago, during that first hockey show,
the day that he walked in and said,
when's lunch coming?
And I'll have coffee with Creme.
What do you say about the coffee?
What do you say about that?
Something like that.
Yeah, something like that.
Can we have a coffee?
Take two creams in my shirt, coffee, no sugar in it.
And...
He's a big star, don't you believe that?
No.
The superstar, almost as big as Sam in there
in our promotion department,
who just turned around and walked out, thank God.
By the way, if he comes with any more of that van hit stuff,
just tell him...
No.
Just say...
No.
...to Sam, okay?
Come to go back to the houseboat, okay?
Because that bed is empty right now.
He'd look good on there.
Get the Hoover out the moon, man.
Come on.
If you're a citizen, you're gonna go to limbo.
If you're not a citizen, that's the reason.
You're gonna go to limbo.
You're gonna go to limbo.
If you're a citizen, limbo.
The waiting room doesn't exist.
If you're a citizen, limbo.
If you're a citizen, limbo.
If you're a citizen, limbo.
If you're a citizen, limbo.
You're gonna go to limbo.
There's a target on him, and that's another story.
You better off limbo.
The waiting room doesn't exist.
The waiting room doesn't exist.
You're gonna go to limbo.
If you're a citizen, limbo.
The waiting room doesn't exist.
Everybody, welcome to limbo.
Just the waiting room.
For a thousand cents, it's down.
Down up and down.
It's up to you never obey the laws of the battle that was written by men who ever wore pants.
Please have a seat in short, won't you, TV?
The waiting room of limbo.
All night, because in the taxi, TV.
That's what you get in limbo.
Here's limbo.
In the limbo.
The waiting room doesn't exist.
You go to limbo.
It's up to you never obey the laws of the battle.
Hubble Locate's ancient galaxy, big story in a paper this morning.
Astronomers using the Hubble Space Telescope appeared 13 billion years back into time
to find the oldest, most distant object every detect of the galaxy, fizzing with new stars.
Fizzing.
Like when you put Alka Seltser in the glass, it's fizzing.
But of course that 13 billion year time frame that flies in the face again of the religious
who tell us that we've only been here the whole universe only five, six thousand years, whatever it's been.
Even like your accountant would tell us, your crazy accountant who screws the government so badly, whatever he does.
Here's a fact, by the way, says the format is definitely the problem.
20 hours of sports is boring.
It's like 24 hours of news.
Boring, boring, boring.
And Diffo has got a lot of nerve to pin the blame on Hank.
It says, at least Hank is a professional.
The show in the morning is a nothing, a big zero, three talentless sports nerds.
I can't stand them. 25 exclamation points.
Ow!
Fizzing.
Okay.
Well, there you go.
You know, Diffo, you open up Pandora's box.
And you never know what you're going to find crawling inside.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Pretty good, sir.
I like to vote on this.
Okay.
Now, I love the first team.
I love Spathead.
I love Goldilocks.
And I love the one of each of me to Greek Diffo.
Now, as far as Hank, Hank, he's knowledgeable.
I got to give him that.
Yeah.
But the guy's got an attitude.
If you don't agree with the guy, he rips you.
If he don't like you, he rips you.
He don't like something.
I like that a lot better than the S's.
Yeah, but he needs to get his attitude right.
That's why I think he's losing calls.
And you, your number one pop-up.
I love you.
Okay.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60.
We already know I'm great.
Okay.
That's a given.
We don't have to end up.
The fact that you're listening to the show,
if you were to call and criticize the show,
it only make you look like an asshole.
You don't want to do that.
If you want to do fine, I don't care.
Because I get paid one more or the other.
But we're talking about the real problems with this radio station,
which obviously are not between 10 and 2.
Don't forget Chris Moore.
I'm speaking of a problem.
The one who said he didn't think the award is whatever,
be honest radio station.
Because Gregory just might not put him on there.
Christine and Moore will not be on this radio station
after Saturday,
unless they stick some ESPN stuff.
He probably will be.
Because the last Panther broadcast will be Saturday,
Tampa Bay right here in town.
Am I going to that?
No.
No, I'm not going.
Thank God.
Last night was enough punishment.
One again there in ice-cold.
Beautiful goal there, Mark Parris.
That second goal, that time goal,
late in the game.
What a goal.
My kids are player, baby.
We got three or four guys on that team.
Real players.
Unfortunately, Bill Torey is wearing his bow ties too tight.
Because he tells Dave Hyde that the shake-up of the team
will not include the general manager.
Because Brian still has the naked pictures
of Bill Torey with a goat.
I thought it was the other way around,
but now we find that the Murray boys have got the naked pictures.
Here's a Coral Springs.
Hello.
Coral Springs.
Going once.
Going twice.
Long gone.
Probably left home to join a gang.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
I like the morning team.
I think they're good.
They're all together and arguing amongst themselves.
But hey, it's a different story.
He's just an old man.
Now, what they should do is put manage on.
They could follow your show and really carry it along.
Yeah.
And he'll be on today, by the way, as a matter of fact,
I haven't mentioned it.
I hope to list all of these.
Good.
Didn't manage you to whoop the heck out of Hank when they went up
against each other.
They went up against each other.
What was that?
When management of IOD and Hank was in 560.
I don't think they were wrong at the same time.
I'm not sure if I'm doing like 6 to 8 on IOD and Hank was still doing after.
Well, yeah, they had that 6 to 7 hour that crossed the router.
Remember?
Yeah.
That's interesting.
I'll have to look back in the recent.
Hey, once you put your audience up, it'll be for manage over Hank.
Oh, well, that'll be like a subplot.
Okay, thanks, pal.
That's a great thing.
Okay, so you wasn't going to do that because I don't want to pit.
I'm because that would assume we would make it sound like I'm agreeing with what Depos said,
which I don't agree.
I really don't know.
I mean, you look at the numbers and there really aren't...
There's not that much to choose from.
And maybe again, the reason being for that is there is a limited number of sports there is out there.
Who will they want to hear the sameness on and on and on and over and above beyond that you'll never grow.
You can never possibly grow those numbers and that audience because, you know,
most people just don't want to hear the same tired over and over again.
Is that a possibility?
Yeah, I would think so.
But whatever you say.
Here's a mobile in Hylia.
Hello.
Good morning.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, that talks super in the morning.
I think there are a bunch of misfits and why do they keep saying about Hank being knowledgeable?
Why do they keep saying it?
Yeah, because I don't think they believe it.
He's knowledgeable.
Bob Costa's...
Bob Costa's is crap.
He's a little tour of crap.
Hey, what do you think about Costa's saying coming to QA M?
Thank God.
He's not coming here.
We don't like short little people.
We like fat people here.
We don't like what a movie it's like Bob Costa.
I think you're on the money today, Neil.
What about some yamons?
Okay, have a great day.
Yeah, I think you're already smoking it.
56705, 60, anybody that would suck up to the little tour of Bob Costa's?
Man, that he comes on this station, the day that we all bail out.
What a little ass sucker he is.
Anybody that tells me that Bob Costa's was a great...
Anything an answer?
He is crap.
Just a little nerd.
A little torpy nerd.
You know what they say about those little people, George?
Here's a lady in Pembert Pine.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
So, Rimmero always says yes.
Yes.
I'd like to give my ideas on the format.
Go right ahead.
I happen to be a radio listener.
Uh-huh.
And I enjoy sports.
Yes.
I can only tell you about the AM and the late PM.
That's when I listen.
And I want to say I enjoy Ed Kaplan at night.
And in the morning, I would listen to those guys except for a reconcerned...
That's being opposite them.
But, um, I can't take.
Whoever says he's knowledgeable, he must have good ligament that you won't give them these figures.
But, time has listened to him and he's read from Curly Magazine's...
Yeah.
...for his comment and on this, I can't take that.
So the radio goes off.
I don't listen to anything after you go off.
Okay.
That's my opinion.
Thanks, Peter.
So there's one vote for...
Ed Kaplan.
567-0560.
What's got his own jingle?
Do we have a jingle in there for default?
No.
Little dog?
No.
Yeldie?
No.
Hank?
No.
But...
Ed Kaplan.
He's in.
I'm not really sure what that means because the other jingles are like...
...Jay Blumont.
He's out.
And then...
Ed Berliner.
Which they couldn't even pronounce it right and then there's...
John Boyen.
They're all gone.
So I don't want Ed to get nervous.
Ed Kaplan.
Everybody else on the station had a jingle like that.
Personalized, they're out.
Okay?
So I'll keep renting if I were you Ed.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Before I mention about Hank and all like that, I don't know if you mentioned it this week.
You know the Dalai Lama is coming to town, right?
Hello Dalai Lama.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And Richard Gears, Barri, he's going to be in tow.
So all your family's...
He's going to be in towers.
He's going to have the Dalai Lama's towing his...
Correct them.
Well, I don't say it felt like a gerbil, but it was only his tow.
That's why I was about to mention it.
Richard Gears has developed...
It's like your pet lady's...
Damn, Richard Gears coming to town, yeah.
Yeah.
Anyway, I like to be entertained.
How would you surprise that Joseph Gerbos makes her come back?
That's possible, too.
I'd like to be entertained on the ANG between ten and that one.
Go ahead.
Okay, I'd like to be entertained in one.
So if I can't pick up Rick and Studs, I would like to listen to Bob and Tom.
Great.
Well, if we could get Bob and Tom on this stage,
and that would solve most of these problems, I think.
I kind of doubt it, because you look at everything on the web page.
They don't look like there are too many major cities
except somewhere in the Midwest.
Well, they're in weather in West Palm.
But you get down south to 595.
You can't pick up KGR.
I don't know why I understand that, but forget about where else they're on.
That's not the point.
Forget about what we need to think about is the quality of their show, which is great.
It's excellent.
They're dynamite.
Okay.
And they do talk a little bit about, you know, in these stuff,
that's indigenous to Indianapolis, because that's where they do their show.
But I mean, there's a little bit of sports on that.
Show, but plus there's a lot of humor.
Oh, yeah, they have their own sports.
I want to hear them doing a draft show.
They will not be doing the NFL draft show on Bob and Tom.
Oh, God, no.
You know, Chick McGee will talk about his picks, because he's a gamble.
But, you know, he doesn't get into it like a cappin' or something like that.
It's just like a little side comment.
Anyway, I...
Yeah, a cappin'.
Yeah.
Because I would think just hanging the afternoon is fine.
Have something different in the morning, because how many times can you talk about sports?
It gets really ponderous.
It does.
In fact, you can hear them reaching and searching and knowing that, you know,
they keep repeating over and over again.
Nobody cares about the Marlins and nobody cares about the Panthers.
That's for sure.
And nobody cares about this.
And so, if nobody cares,
what is there to talk?
Why are we doing this?
You know, that's my point.
If nobody cares, nobody shows up for like the Marlin Games.
What's the point?
You know, the Madditors are leaving.
Everybody is bailin' out.
Well, what is the point?
All the cares about the...
Unless we do all Dolphin Talk, the other 20 hours on a station,
because that's the only sport that these people claim to care about in this town.
And what prospect?
They see an eight-year-old kid playing football.
How well is he going to do in the 2015 graph?
We and the Dolphin and Draft Talk, right?
20 hours a day.
Yeah.
So, honestly, I listen to Hank,
because the old station messed up the lineup.
He used to listen to you, Rick, and Phil.
They killed it. They butchered it.
They totally destroyed it.
But Hank is good.
He is not rude.
If you're the meat...
You know, if the meating him in person, he's not a rude person.
He's very polite.
So, these people would say he's got an attitude.
It's probably the one that...
That's what makes this show good is the attitude.
Hank without the attitude is like terminal.
Who now wants to hear that?
And Mandage doesn't even run his own business.
So, he can't be at the station all the time.
Yeah.
Because he's also got...
He's got a real job. That's right.
Okay. Thanks a lot, pal.
Thank you.
Please not hesitate.
There is because the nephew just...
Okay, here.
Here's what I'm going to do with this.
Okay.
Here you go.
I'm liking my ass with it.
Well, why do you keep doing this?
Why?
And don't go to a place where there's all sparks is again to make me look bad, okay?
North Miami Beach, say, go the other day, whether it's not there...
The only three white people where the guys making the donuts are crispy cream within a 30 block radius.
Oh, we're not getting anybody out here.
We don't know what's wrong with you.
Nobody's showing up.
Go away with some white people, okay?
We might speak a little English.
The QAM, man.
You know, this is the way it goes.
See, this is the way the station operates.
I say one thing, Sam and the nephew, they do something opposite.
Now, I don't have to put this on here, but I'll do it to humor them, because at least it'll get them out of the building.
The QAM van will be located at the Citgo gas station from 11 a.m.
How's it going to be there at 11 a.m.?
He's just walked in and handed me this until whenever.
We're here in...
I mean, he can get there in a few minutes, but they'll be there in a little while.
69, 24 Miramar Parkway and Miramar.
They'll have certificates for free gas at Citgo for the first five guards.
The first five guards get 10 gallons free.
Tickets to see the Florida Bobcats against the Tampa Bay Storm Arena football game at the Yentah Center on Friday night.
Free gas passes to Daniel Highline.
Tickets to the US Pro Water ski and Waterboard Tour at Millspond Park on May 1st and 2nd.
Tickets to the US Pro Water ski and Waterboard Tour at Millspond Park on May 1st, 2020.
For training outside the city, don't you think they're here?
I'm here at the football game.
There's one night in need of a sprue.
My lawyer said, hey, my balls were blue,
and I heard a band song for a butterie girl.
I see signs of dreams and take it wild.
I'll say some mosquito would tear my fire and I think to myself.
What a butterie girl.
My hell I've drank a lot and I'm feeling pretty high.
I've got to find a take of space these been driving.
I reached out with my hands and say, now what are you doing?
Really meaning you'll have to do so that's the time.
I guess that's wrong.
I want you as dinner freedom's her mom.
Now I'm so happy.
What a butterie girl.
Yes.
Yeah, I think that's it.
What a butterie girl.
What about three or five sixty?
We got the match on.
We got Donnie B.
Bill says, with Rick and Suds on in the mornings,
I listen to them now, then you and then Hank.
I used to listen to the worst team, but never again.
He listened to the worst team until Rick and Suds were on here in the morning,
and now, good might of them is what Bill says.
This is pretty interesting stuff.
Our management was listening to this,
but now they're all running around the building and sticking their noses in the air-conditioning vents
because there's a strange aroma coming from the vents.
We have another little fourth fire in here.
You know, no rain.
Maybe we're having fourth fires indoors.
5667-0560-0505-60 on the AT&T wireless line.
What are we going to do about that situation with my doctor that nobody answers the phone at his office?
And I can't get the other page of my test results, which is the one I really wanted anyway,
and the other stuff like my homo-system.
What are we going to do about that?
People have to just go over there ourselves.
They're going to take the remote microphone and just go over there and take a peek around
and see if there's anybody in there.
There's anything going on.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
How come you go?
Yes, sir.
Going about your poll.
Okay.
Typically from 10 to 2 I listen to you every day.
And when Hank comes on, I take about 20 minutes of them and go to FM.
And if Greg Reed is listening, I can give you a couple of reasons why.
Okay.
First of all, like another college said, he's constantly eating on the air,
and we all have to listen to him and nobody likes to hear that.
Okay.
He's not going to be back on his food.
Secondly, we're not going to have to teach Hank.
I'm going to have to give him some private lessons.
How you eat without chopping.
Steve can't use to that too.
Smacking the lips and stuff.
I've got the microphone a little bit.
And secondly, he consistently has 22nd spaces of black hair.
Did he?
Okay.
And...
He may be digesting his food during those breaks.
Yeah, maybe he's got a little guess.
And another thing is that he tries to take your stick every now and then.
Start complaining and it doesn't work for the hammer.
It doesn't work for him.
No other way that the teams can try.
This is what you're saying.
Right.
But I tell you what I'm going to...
What about the morning show?
Well, I typically don't listen to them because there's too much of the stuff on so...
I can't comment on the morning show, but I do listen to Hank occasionally and I can't take him.
I can't take him.
Okay.
I got you down.
Thank you.
Okay, here we go.
This is some pretty interesting stuff.
See, these experts that we got in the building, if they were just sitting around glued to the radio listening to new people.
You people out there, they find out a little bit instead doing all this research and all these stupid surveys and all these things.
Anyway, let's promote that van hit against so the nephew doesn't call you up and bug you.
The QA and van will be at the SICO gas station, 69924 Miramar Parkway and Miramar already are any minute sometime.
They'll have certificates for free gas at SICO.
The first five cars get 10 free gallons of gas.
And the right to you just get gas from the nephew.
Also, they're having...
I'm sure nobody wants these.
See, this is why I don't like them doing this.
If they have some good stuff to give away, then it's worthwhile.
But they go away.
I mean, the gas is nice.
People will be there in a hurry for them.
And that's only five people.
Tickets to see the Florida Bobcats in the tenth of a storm are we in a football game at the Yendah Center on Friday.
Is there anybody interested in that?
No.
Free gas passes to Daniel Highlight where the average attendance is about 65 people now.
No.
And tickets to the US Pro Waterski and Wakeboard Tour at Millspond Park on May 1st and 2nd.
No.
I don't even know what that light is.
Waterski and Wakeboard Tour at Millspond Park.
And by the way, the nephew and their backyard, they're going to be having a pudpull there between four and five this afternoon, free emission to that.
I mean, well, what are these?
These are events.
This has to be a joke.
Is Alan Fountain the Building or what?
He's got to be around somewhere.
Rhymes with...
Here's a mobile and sunrise. Hello.
Mobile and sunrise.
No, it's not a mobile.
Talking to me, Neil.
Here's a real phone and sunrise.
All right, Neil.
I like the morning show and I...
But can we please have less update?
Maybe once every half hour, one hour?
Yeah, we have an hour.
That's a good point.
You know, wouldn't you think if we had a real program director instead of Pussy Galore?
We had...
You know, we have all of the horrible format with all those spots in there.
And you know, they're not going to cut back on the spots because they're desperate to make the money so it can pay Wayne and John Henry.
So having to run those spots in there, at least you're right.
Cut back because it's just redundant.
It's the same thing over and over.
And every time you hear an update, it's guilty with that same screeching, winding voice.
Well, if you're going to listen for 65 minutes, you hear four updates.
I mean, how many people just tune in for 20 minutes and turn it off?
That's not what you want.
You want to come to the day on time?
You have a long commute to work in a car. How can you hear that?
Yeah, that's the one I wanted to get off my chest a long time.
And Neil, in the afternoon, you know, I like sports.
Yeah.
But he is rude and obnoxious. He talks to you with the callers.
Yeah.
He's nice to people with power and money, but the guy, the people calling these very rude.
Me, Neil.
Yeah.
No, not Neil.
That's what you said.
Did I say Neil?
I'm sorry.
Yeah. Well, you're right about that.
Okay, thanks, Brown.
All right.
Okay. So we said Hank and Neil.
They're both who would be like me.
56, so I never, I never realized about that thing with Hank eating because I'm at home before he starts eating, I guess, most of the time.
And I do listen until those calls start with like, yeah, when you think they, uh,
Colts will take a one in a four and a one in a two and a one in a, I mean, oh, God.
I'm serious. There, there needs to be a whole field of psychiatry for a whole sector of these people who are, it's one thing to be a fan.
It's another thing to be interested.
I read his sports pages in the morning.
I go to some of the hockey and, but I mean to be like obsessed to be like mentally ill.
Like the guy that calls the worst thing yesterday morning, that John guy, John Boy,
who says that John from Hollywood or whatever he was from, oh, well, you know, it's only a month out of the year.
He takes, he devotes a month every year to the NFL draft.
And I'm thinking of myself, okay, he's the young guy in 12 years.
That means a one month year.
That's that's the year of his life that he's thrown away on the NFL draft that he's, he's scouring and he's pouring over it and analyzing and emotionally involved.
The sick people, very, very sick people.
That's going to be tomorrow's poll question, by the way, who's sicker, people to watch golf on TV or go to golf tournaments or people who are like obsessed with the NFL draft.
That's one thing I'll say.
I mean, D-fo is right about that.
I can't agree with them on too much, especially that cornball stuff is.
But when it comes to the draft, it is garbage.
It's going to happen, okay? It's going to happen.
If you're interested, watch some of it. Read this stuff in the paper on it.
It will take like three minutes, whatever.
But the idea that this is some kind of like even a real sporting event, which it's not, it's so bizarre, so enane, so unacceptable.
Now you've got to understand the same way through an IOD.
We had a milk, we got to do the same thing.
We milk it, we milk it, we milk it, we squeeze as many spots out of it as we can.
We're exploiting it. We can make some money on it, the same with the SPN.
They know what's not entertaining.
They know that nobody with a brain or with a real life, whatever paid any attention to it.
But we can sell it.
You want to buy the draft?
Honey, you want to buy some spots?
You want to buy the Marlin?
No.
There you go.
We got to sell spots up the ass so we can pay bold.
You don't you understand? It's as simple as that.
That's why it's all spots.
Radio.
Just what I predicted three years ago.
In fact, I think what they'll probably do in the morning and afternoon drive is just eliminate the programming.
Just run all spots.
Screw in would go for that.
You don't have hardly any show there in the morning anyway.
I mean with the updates of all the 50 spots, just all spots.
They will get some promotion.
I can just see the billboards.
Now we can afford billboards then.
All spots radio, 20 hours a day.
And they've packed the bag in the middle of the day.
Screw the ice up in the morning.
We are EC, C-I-O-L-S.
Up.
In the rectum sign.
I'm gonna kick off my news.
Drift off my dress.
It makes me wet when I see you guys.
Sport, sport.
Up, big iraqs.
Oh, it's dry.
That's too big for my bow.
I want it mercenary and a top of you.
And take it up, I move or chain it to a stew.
Give me an iraqs.
Okay.
And it's here's a wall.
He R-E-T-T-I-O-N.
I want a drink or a ball.
I want to love and walk the ass when you're too dirty.
And then I'll give it a blow.
Here's a warning against.
And take it up.
At least until you take up it.
I want a wrap on this around your clothing tube.
And make your wonder where the clothes will move.
That's on the rest.
And it's on circle size.
He R-E-T-T-I-O-N.
I want a drink or a ball.
He R-E-T-T-I-O-N.
11.15 at 5.50 WQAM.
Happy Thursday to you.
By the way, just one quick hockey point.
I know you don't care about it.
I see Brian Barard, squirted winning gold and overtime for the least last night against the islanders.
And that was an interesting thing.
I wish I would have seen that game instead of the game that I did see because our game was pretty boring.
Very boring.
But at any rate, that was the trade.
The Leafs traded Felix Poff and away for Brian Barard.
A lot of people criticized Mike Smith and Toronto City waited too long.
And here's Brian Barard who's come along.
He's playing better defense.
He's scoring a lot of points.
He gets the winning gold and overtime.
I'm going, Brian, baby.
Too bad, Felix.
Here's the fact that this is just make one change in the programming.
Please, it's got 85.
Please, the name of God.
Jesus, Buddha, Vishnu, Alas, Satan, or Zus Apollo.
Rather, the Sun God and Neil God.
Simon Cass, Phil Henry, show from LA.
He's on from 7 to 11 there.
That's 10 pm to 2 am here.
I guarantee the ratings will skyrocket.
I just want to listen to something different.
And entertaining is what it's got.
I'm really honored.
See, that's what we're here for.
We're entertainers.
We're not here to inform.
We're not here to educate.
We're not here to give you information about, well, the number one and four picks.
Well, who cares?
We're here to be entertaining.
If you're not entertaining, then you lose.
Then it goes on to say, neurocasting sucks.
Don't you people get it already here at QAM?
No.
Now, here's a great line.
This is the best line I've ever read in my life in one of our faxes.
It says, the management of WQM is more dense than a white dwarf star,
which happens to be the densest object in the universe, and they win hands down.
Yes.
By the way, as soon as you're finished at 2, I switch over to FM.
It says Robert, okay?
Getting a real good seminar here today on the listening habits of this audience,
of the whole QAM audience, which I think is useful, okay?
Will they do anything with it over here?
No.
No, but it's useful to us.
And especially the default, of course, maybe he'll quit running around the building,
knock and hang so much after you're here this today, or not, in case maybe,
or maybe he'll just start eating on the ear.
Well, quite frankly, I don't think he can afford a default to be,
because he's got a patch, Hank, like he's standing still in the weight department,
believe me.
Hank is losing, and depots expanding like one of those gigantic, like the universe,
expanding and contracting.
Here's a Malady mobile and Carl Springs.
Hi, Neil.
How are you doing?
Great. How are you?
Good. I just wanted to make a comment first on Bob Cosmos before I get into the poll.
My husband went to high school with him, and he was actually cut from every 14 he tried out for.
He was great with facts and figures, but couldn't make a team.
So he has no actual experience planned.
And as far as the first team goes, we use that to wake up in the morning,
as an alarm.
As soon as we hear Goldie's voice, we shut it up, because it's kind of streaking.
Yes, that's right out of bed.
So Hank, in the afternoon, I think I can listen to him for about a half hour,
until he starts either talking about how stealthy he is, or how sexist comments him.
And I have to let him go.
Okay.
Yes, on number one.
Thanks.
Bye.
What did you say?
Okay. So here's the facts from somebody.
What the hell is this?
Oh, yeah.
Danny said this, and Jimmy did that.
Yeah. Too much.
Too much Danny said this, and Jimmy did that.
But that's the audience's fault.
That's his town.
You know, one dimensional.
So here's the ratings, okay?
Well, look at that.
Number one, the first team.
What is that?
Number one, the first team.
Number two, Neil.
Number three, Mad Dog.
Number four, Hank.
Number five, Bo camper.
Number six, Sony Sports Showdown.
Number seven.
Yeah, it's apple.
Number eight, large red head.
Number nine, Gene Thomas and the other guy.
And number ten, the George or George with a G or a J.
Okay.
The first team.
How do you like that?
They beat me out here on my own show.
Nice going there.
Whoever wrote this, you a little bit slow.
I can handle it.
Five, six seven.
I got my nice Greek salad, by the way.
Come, I'm getting off the edge, and it's died.
I just thought I would mention that.
I don't believe in it anymore.
I'm sure if a lot of it, if it works for you, great.
As far as your blood sugar, it's great.
It'll let you know, and no problems with that.
But for me, I've said this before, that's why I got off of it.
But if it was still working for me, I would have done it.
It doesn't work.
It's painful, and it doesn't work.
Which doesn't mean I can go back eating all those carbohydrates.
But I'm going to start with a lot more shallots.
Okay.
Maybe then I can be the spokesman.
If I eat enough shallots.
Yeah, I'm going to start like a little like a more rabbit food.
I can't, I just can't do it.
I'm losing any weight with that crap.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60.
I'll be 18T wireless line.
Here's sunrise.
Hello.
Yes, good morning.
Yes, sir.
First of all, I think your show should be taken and haven't syndicated.
You're that good?
Yeah.
Okay. Well, I know that, but we're not talking about that.
All right.
We don't want to show that.
We don't want to show that rules beyond a shadow without that.
That's a given.
All right. Now you're eating it if you need to be full with it and let that in private.
If you promise not to repeat it, he knows that.
All right.
Now the other point is, the other shows that you have with Mandage,
and I don't know, I'm a little bit tired.
I'm an ex-professional athlete.
I'm a little preparing ex-professional athletes.
Gabbard Gabbard Gabbard, what do you know about that?
Other than Mandage.
Well, Mandage, what are you putting, man?
I mean, I like Mandage.
Well, Mandage, all right.
Now, my game was basketball, but I played all the sports.
And the knowledgeable ones, not the neophytes that come on the air to be entertainers,
but the ones that really want to speak to the fan, not the fanatic,
which the word fan comes from, it's okay.
But to beat it into the drum, the voluminous amount of air time
that they give to nonsense in our sky, like you talk about the draft in this time.
Right.
I came back from Arizona, and that's a territory masquerading as a state out there.
That's right.
Really not.
They have three stations that are running sports.
Oh!
Thank you very much.
And it's really too much.
There really is too much.
And in fairness to all sports castes, which I want to get back to your comment yesterday,
most of them are frustrated jocks.
A lot of them, if I carry us through this, which I don't even understand in my life.
But it's kind of like they should think about what they say before they speak.
I know it's entertainment, but to incite certain people, such as the knuckleheads in this town,
and I grew up here and then I left.
They have to think before they speak.
And I know it's ratings and stuff like that.
But what you do, it seems to be working, you're knowledgeable,
you're able to talk to the people, not to be able to denigrate all the time,
you're informative.
I would think, myself, you should take a look at trying to maybe get and do some color commentary,
or play by play for hockey.
Colored commentary?
Not colored.
When I'm talking about, when I'm talking about Ubonic here,
we're talking that you're very knowledgeable.
I heard you years ago doing baseball.
The other was I shouldn't say he'd be going down the ice and he'd be going.
Hey!
Do the do-go, whatever works.
Okay.
But you are knowledgeable, you know hockey, you know sports.
I think that the people here locally would probably listen to you because you're following.
Right.
And unfortunately, and this is the favorite of you, and just to compliment off the cuff,
you're really a big market guy in Miami as much as I love the town.
Yeah.
It's small town.
Well, I'm doing okay.
No, you are doing okay.
I'm doing all right.
I think you're...
I basically live out of town and I just work here Monday to Friday.
The rest of the time I get out of here.
As you say, you talk about Yenomsville, that's our...
This town is really, and I thought we'd get better, but it hasn't.
It's a regressing wrap.
It has.
Now, how do you do things on it?
Two other things, wow.
And I'll put it self.
Go ahead.
All right, Charlie Steiner.
Is he mentioned in that book?
I don't know.
I'm going to bring the book into the book.
Okay, and the other one is Ember's Restaurant.
Do you remember the Ember's?
Where?
In Miami Beach?
No.
Oh, it was probably before my friend.
It probably was.
I grew up here during the 50s and 60s.
Before my time.
Okay.
But whatever you're doing, keep doing...
Listen, stay on your health thing too.
Okay.
Because the more way you lose, the better you feel.
Okay, that goes on.
Say goodbye.
Oh, by the way, the goalie for Montreal last night, interesting thing.
I know he's gone.
He's just...
Buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh.
He's a Jewish, what do you want?
But the goalie's speaking of that last night for Montreal that played...
The CHAB OT, Frederick.
Now, they brought in this guy very clever, even though their team is horrendous.
The worst, maybe, Montreal team that ever played.
But the frogs think he's a Frenchman named Chabot.
But actually, his name is Chabot.
His name is Chabot Chalom.
He's Jewish.
It's a hyphenated name.
But they only put the first part of it on his uniform.
So they think it's Frederick Chabot, and they like him up there.
He played pretty good last night's matter, in fact.
But his name is really Chabot Chalom.
No, I just made that up, of course.
I mean, that sounds good.
I mean, Matthew Snyder played there for five days until he found out he was Jewish.
And he played in Toronto for about ten minutes.
And they found out he was not only Jewish, but he played in the ass.
And they got rid of his ass.
And by the way, guess what?
I don't care if Wengretzky retires or not.
I hope that he does, just so I don't ever have to hear his name again.
Okay?
I am so sick and tired of his Wengretzky going to retire.
Does anybody care?
No.
These last years, these ten years ago's news already.
Okay?
Say goodbye and needle-nose.
Bye-bye, see ya!
By the way, yeah?
The nephew has landed.
Good, good for him.
Here's Carol City, hello?
That's Pearl City.
What is it?
Pearl City.
Here's Pearl City, hello.
How are you doing?
Here's Pearl Vision.
Pearl Vision Center.
Right.
I was thinking of a different sports format down here.
You're laughing about the water skiing and what was that wakeboarding day?
Wakeboarding, yeah.
Well, you can just see it driving by 95, anyway.
You don't need tickets.
That's true.
Go by sunrise and there's a wake going on there 24 hours a day.
But I can just see all those old parts in there.
You can use wakeboarding up to sunrise boulevard.
How about you say a laugh about auto racing being the number one, what is it?
Spectators, Portland, America?
Age group swimming is the number one participation sport.
What is it?
Age group swimming.
So maybe we could have like a bunch of coaches and 12 year old girls on the radio.
I think that would do it.
I think we get a 90 share.
Thank you, sir.
God bless you.
Or just bringing Donna Michi.
Oh, he did.
26 after 11, I thought I'd try to do that billwendel thing.
Doesn't anybody care that billwendel died?
No.
I mean, what the hell would David Letterman have ever been without billwendel?
Or would that little bald-headed geek?
What was his name, Shafer?
Paul Shafer?
I know what his name was.
Give me a little bit of credit, will you?
Oh, by the way, hi to my good friend, David Savita.
The firefighter from Hollywood.
Remember David from a long time ago?
Well, God came to me before the game last night.
I said, oh, yeah, I work with David Savita.
And if he didn't pronounce his last name right or something, I remember David.
Very well.
David Lee.
Father in law.
When you get off my butt.
If your daughter's so perfect, why'd she bury such a putt?
Father in law.
You think you're better than me?
Uh-huh.
But I don't need a cafeteria.
And I am cable TV.
Always wearing black shoes with premiered a shirt.
You complain about satica.
You won't drive an import.
You much swear in the movies.
Turned for many songs at the beach.
Everyone except Greg should have been in the beach.
Father in law.
You like driving big cars.
And you hate eating music.
And it has to get in charge.
Father in law.
You tell me I am a creep.
But I ain't clippin' coupons every day of the week.
I'm somethin' like you.
Don't go to the top track.
And I don't drink hot coffee when I eat a big mac.
Your daughter's my wife.
I will not destroy her.
You just gonna have to get over it.
You need to marry a lawyer.
I'm 33.
I have 560 WQMG Mad Dog Madditch in for Hank Holberg and Tuba.
Got Donnie B. Talkin' baseball.
Then you can turn it off.
Because it's 635.
It's the Marlins and the Metz.
Will you turn it off?
Sure.
I'm sure you will.
Eddie K. after the game.
So anyway, uh, just, and I'm not really learning anything from this poll.
We're doing this point, which I find disturbing.
I mean, I have to very specific question.
As usual, they're like all over the place.
They're like weaving this circuitous, uh, patchwork of crap at our feet here.
I, you know, it's a very simple question.
If there's a problem with the format of this show, is it the morning show?
I mean, depot, like I said, was running around here flappin' a loose-lip this morning,
all over the building.
Anybody who would listen, even the plants.
And I don't know what that's all about.
Why he's becoming paranoid and defensive.
Maybe he figures when the book comes out in a couple of weeks that that morning show might,
uh, just not do all that great.
Maybe that might be it.
So we're asking, is that the problem the morning show is that Hank and the F-no,
which is who depots blaming, or is it the format?
Is it, uh, isn't it the chronic?
But to give you an example, last night at the Macarena, before the game,
and then between periods, I went all over that arena asking one question.
We had a pretty good crowd considering the lack of significance of the game
and just how horrendous things have gotten with the panthers.
Pretty good crowd.
And I asked one question.
Why are you here?
And Airbnb single one of those people gave me the same answer.
I don't know.
Yeah.
What are you doing here tonight?
I don't know.
A shocking astonishing.
Who's playing out there?
I don't know.
5-6705-60, 0.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
We'll listen to you for about 12 years and simply listen to you because you're entertaining.
I'll definitely answer your question.
Okay.
God bless you.
You'll be one of a few.
The problem is the 10-ketu show.
Yeah.
And I think I've only called you twice in 10 years.
I hadn't called today.
He is unentertaining and more importantly unknowledgeable.
The 10-ketu show?
I'm sorry.
I thought this wasn't 10-ketu.
I'm sorry.
Yeah, now, this is 40 in the book because there's a guy that before they called
and said something about the first in a nice little bit of that kneel, he's rude.
I think that was a 40 in slip.
I'm sorry.
I got so excited there.
Doesn't bother me.
I've been waiting for my kids to rid the problem.
I've been waiting for my kids to rip Hank for years.
He's not knowledgeable.
He doesn't his opinions or vanilla.
He doesn't say anything.
And then a lot of the things that he says, it's not even my opinion.
They're just facts that are wrong.
Like one.
Well, that interview with Jack Clark is a perfect example.
But it wasn't Jack Clark.
It was Wil Clark.
I know, that's what I'm saying.
He thought it was Jack.
But he's just, he doesn't, you get so obvious that he's reading out of press guides
and that his assistance or giving it to me.
You thought it was Jack Clark.
I mean, is there a major difference between Wil Clark and Jack Clark?
Yeah, oh, sure.
He thought he was talking to Jack Clark.
He didn't know what the lead, the guy, was the fourth.
Is that what it was?
Oh, I think there were a lot of problems.
He's just not knowledgeable.
He doesn't say anything.
If you're a knowledgeable sports person, and I'm far from a sports team,
he doesn't know personnel.
He doesn't know strategy.
He's not knowledgeable.
And the whole attitude is because he can't have a good rebuttal or a good conversation.
So he has to hang up on people.
And he has to have that attitude because he's not knowledgeable.
And I thank you for letting me say that.
So, in other words, you like Hank Sheldon.
I do admit I listen to it.
I don't listen.
That's all I can.
Well, wait, let me just say something.
Now, what about the morning show?
Now, you think that D4 is knowledgeable?
I think those guys, I know you're going to kill me for this.
Those guys are more knowledgeable than Hank.
Okay.
They're not even guilty.
I disagree with a lot of guilty's opinion.
But at least he understands personnel.
He understands the players or who's on what team and what he's talking about.
Hank doesn't even know that stuff.
Yeah.
So now, the one thing that I know you'll let me go here is,
at least with you, I'll turn you on and listen to you for four hours.
I can't listen to Hank for that long.
I have to turn it off like after 15 or 20 minutes and all of a sudden...
Now, before after he starts eating on the ear.
That doesn't really bother me.
All that stuff that you guys do, I want someone who,
the accident he's not knowledgeable, you've got to be able to back it up and he can't.
Okay.
I'll pass it a lot.
Okay.
What do you try to say?
Hey, that's a good looking guy.
That's what I thought he said.
56670560, 0560 on the 18T wireless line.
So there's a guy that's been waiting for years to take some shots at Hank and you know,
say what you want.
I'm not going to sit here and protect anybody.
What do I care?
If you're in this business and you're thin skinned, you're in the wrong business.
You know what I'm talking about?
We've got some people that are thin skinned.
They pretend that they're not.
They pretend that they have like horshule other,
that they're thick skinned, but they're really very sensitive and thin skinned
and they can't take it.
Unlike me, which you can heap all the crap you want in the world.
I'll just take the money.
Thank you.
I don't care.
Bag it.
Yeah.
And you're not talking about rimmer again.
Are you?
Hey, well, I tell him that all the time he is thin skinned.
He wants to have it not both ways.
He wants to have it his way.
Oh, don't talk about me anymore.
Don't talk about me anymore.
Don't even mention my name.
He loves to be attention.
He's like a little child thirsting for attention, rimmer.
But then he always focuses.
I bet he doesn't with everybody else who will even speak to him.
He's always ripping me for being the one that takes some shots.
You know, why the hell not?
I mean, here's a penalty shot come up at Centauration that game a few nights ago.
And he ends in East Poppin that dumb frog partner of his, that partner in crime.
They're talking about his Kirk McClellan.
Okay, Kirk McClellan is standing.
He's smiling, guys.
We can see his face at the TV game.
Okay, there he is.
He's laughing.
He's okay.
He got shook up.
But in the meantime, one of those kids, John Jacobin,
put his glove over the puck in the crease.
That's a penalty shot.
The guy's going to Centaurize there for Ottawa or whoever we were playing,
because it's a penalty shot.
That's why all the other players are standing over at the bench.
And there's only two guys on the ice along with the officials.
The goalie and the guy at Centaurize was going to take the penalty shot.
And the guy is already skating toward the net when remembered as,
oh, it's a penalty shot.
But I made, McClellan makes a save.
Why does he have to deny that he blew it?
Okay.
Why did not?
Oh, even the great Joe Bullin.
When the, when the, when the, when the,
the Yanuk Perot had his four goals against Ottawa that one game last,
the week ago last night.
And the third goal, Joe Bullin, the light went on,
but Joe thought it hit the,
a post and didn't go in.
So he started calling goal.
I said, I have to vote.
No, it went in.
You know, every, even the best announcers in the universe make a mistake.
Why can't you admit making a mistake, Rimmer?
Like offering Georgia free lunch.
That was a mistake, because you're going to hold it against you
the rest of your life.
Dinner.
Lunch in your case.
Don't want any of dinner.
Don't expect dinner.
I don't expect anything.
And why would he, why would you even believe when somebody,
I mean, people say things like that all the time.
People say crap like that all the time, okay?
Especially cheap people.
I don't want to pay a 20 bucks for doing a favor of spending hours
and hours dubbing tapes like he did for you.
Cheap people like him.
They're not going to buy a dinner.
And don't even say it.
He wouldn't give you a coupon for Ben and Jerry's.
I understand.
Even if I gave him the coupon, he wouldn't give it to you.
And I wouldn't take the dinner.
Yes, you would.
The print, no, I wouldn't.
No, you wouldn't.
You like free meal.
No, I do like free meal.
And I'll tolerate almost anyone.
Even Al Goldstein.
Right.
Well, he's funny at dinner.
Yeah.
Twenty till noon at 5.50, by the way, Al Goldstein,
maybe making an appearance at Pizza Law for me,
but brings his tubby-fat body back from Queens Day and Amsterdam.
Let me ask you, was there a couple of dolphins?
Why were they looking at you all the time?
They didn't have the stomach to look at me.
I mean, what was that all about?
They were making a game.
How old were you on the organization?
I don't know if there were players or what.
That would make them gay if they looked at me?
Oh, that's just my guess.
I wouldn't touch either of them with your hand.
I mean, I'm sure they're good guys, but they were nothing to write home about.
I mean, good-looking football players, isn't that like an oxymoron player?
I don't know if there were players.
They said maybe Tommy Grady from my university of Michigan.
That made a change because he looks too good.
I think that's what made his problem is with Tommy Grady.
Like I've said before, he looks too good and made its only wishes
that when he was that age, he looked like that.
At any age.
I mean, you know, they don't all have to be ugly.
They're going to be good, mad dog.
I know that's your style.
You like the real rugged, hard-nosed, pug-nosed.
You know, you like that.
So who were they?
You don't know.
The guys from the dolphins.
Some guys are from the dolphin organization because they kept like,
I thought they were friends of yours because they were upset.
Maybe they're like, your show.
Why don't you do a couple hours now and I'll sit in there.
And then maybe who was that that brought them in there?
Sam?
Who was that?
Sam.
Yeah, Sam.
Oh, Sam.
Now I know why they were looking at you.
He probably said, oh, here's a mis-run rigas.
Yeah.
He calls you She.
I don't want to start about your stuff around this place.
But we've got some very bizarre attitudes around here.
Maybe it's wishful thinking.
Especially, default running around this morning,
yappin' off his big corn ball mouth of the way about Hank.
And that guy, you know, I'm going to let you say your piece.
You know, you're a teller, say what everyone.
To me, Hank's thing is that he is knowledgeable.
That's what everybody always says.
Maybe that only comes from all the name-dropping.
I don't know.
He was the one that broke the Jimmy Johnson story right on his show,
which I still appreciate very much, by the way.
He could have called the ESPN first.
We could have sucked kind of wheel there.
But we didn't.
We got the exclusive world's famous scoop on that with Hank calling it.
Because he's making a hell of a lot more from this joint than he is from the ESPN stuff.
I would assume.
And I'm assuming he's not missing any meals from what I hear.
But I thought that he was knowledgeable.
Isn't that what the whole thing is?
No, seriously.
That's the whole deal that he talks to all these people.
And he knows all of these things is the whole deal.
But whatever.
But default things that Hank is the weak link on the station that if he would ever have a show.
I mean, I don't want to repeat all the nasty things he said this morning.
Because you know that default will weasel out and deny saying them.
Am I making anything up?
By the way, I'm not talking to you.
I'm just talking in general.
Am I making anything up?
No.
Because I'm sure he didn't think it would be repeated on me or but it is.
Because I think that you have to clean up your own house first before you start pulling.
And I'm pointing the finger or blaming anybody else.
If this show were failing, if we were sucking big time, if we're getting crappy numbers.
And I said here instead of blaming the morning show for a lousy lead-in, which it is.
But if I started blaming them, you know, that would be bad.
Although now that I mention that, here's North Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how's it going?
Okay.
Yeah, I was just wondering, you know, what do you think the speed limit should be around here, especially now you know, on the term pike in places like that, you know, 95?
What does that mean?
I was just wondering, you know, what do you think the speed limit should be?
What does that mean?
Well, you know, you have to be driving down the term pike.
Everyone slows up, you know, because this is a state trooper.
And actually this person coming up behind me in this court vet, you know, going kind of slow.
And I'm wondering, you know, why is this person in a nice car going slow?
I wasn't going slow at all if that was me.
That would be good.
I was going slow only because the LRubberneckers had slowed down.
I couldn't get around them because there was an FHP.
I know exactly what you were talking about.
Yeah, it was our right before 590.
I wasn't going any slower than I usually got.
You're going mild an hour, huh?
You're going like 65.
Yeah, because you couldn't go beyond 65, because everybody had slowed down, Jack.
Ashen, you're probably one of them if you were out there.
I'm glad he brought that up.
And by the way, sir, when you find the life, call us back and let us know.
He's worried about how fast I'm going on the highway.
I don't own a Corvette to try to prove what a big penis I got, because I know.
I've got a little tiny penis.
But I know, just like these guys at the hockey game, hey, come on, Warro!
We got a guy in the road in front of us last night with his little kid.
I feel sorry for that kid.
This guy, I wish I had on tape the crap that this guy was spewing.
Come on, Warro!
Hit somebody.
Get him pronouncing his name.
Thanks to the big black guy named Peter as a hockey player, like most of these so-called fans out there.
So-called being the operative word, okay?
And let me say it again, for the 5,000 time, I talked to 6400 of those people,
which is about half the crowd there last night.
What are you doing here tonight, guys?
They all said-
I don't know.
Yeah.
I said, who's that number 28, that dark, complex guy out there?
They said-
I don't know.
Yeah, what?
So your doctor just called him and said, he's on his way to the office.
He's going to fact be-
Well, thank God, Dr. Martin.
See, I don't want to be a pain in his ass.
I know he's got a lot of patients who are really sick, they're not hypochondriacs like me.
He's a great guy.
I like him.
Even though we had that bizarre hour and a half on Monday, whatever that was,
he just wanted to spend a lot of time because he's a groupie.
I don't know what it is.
He sees a good guy.
I love Dr. Mark.
He's a great guy.
And I'm not going to repeat all the stuff he told me unless I don't get those tests results in about five minutes.
Huh?
And-
And-
And-
What?
The nephew is dying a wicked death and begs you to please-
Do you mean they didn't even come for the free gas?
They didn't come for the free gas?
Or that's all they came for?
Well, well, we know that.
We are the first of all, the first five cars they have certificates for free gas at SICO, 10 gallons free.
SICO gas, 69, 24, Miramar Parkway and Miramar.
He's there right now with a QM van, okay?
Other than that, does anybody want-
See, I'm not going to go through this ever again.
Ever again.
Sam, if you don't like it, you can blow that out of his ass.
And the nephew, you can blow that out of his ass too, okay?
He's a good guy that nephew even though he's boring.
I'm not going to keep going through this.
Give something away that somebody might want.
I wouldn't drive from here to the other side of the wall in there for the stuff they're giving away.
Bob Katz in the arena football.
Daniel Highlight.
If they gave people 50 bucks to gamble, they don't want to go to Daniel Highlight.
You know that is what it's like to do.
You're walking to Daniel Highlight.
There are players in there holding their assessors between their legs.
They're looking around like where is everybody?
And there's one little poor guy sitting there with his program.
You know that is?
That's it.
That's all there is.
Doing a show on the air, by the way.
Those are my favorite shows.
Ed Kaplan from the Highlight and from the Dog Track.
And when they have Tom Jic out there with the Dog Track with Ed Kaplan,
that's like one more people in the rest of the crowd right there.
Those two.
I hate to break the news to you.
The permutuals, I mean, you can smell the death already, okay?
And tickets to the U.S. Pro-Water ski and water.
Wakeboard.
What is that?
How can you give away stuff that nobody even knows what it is?
Which if they did know what it is, they still wouldn't want it.
But they don't even know what it is.
In fact, I asked him before he left here.
I said, I looked at the sheet.
I said, what is that?
I don't know.
Yeah, he don't know.
But I'm supposed to promote this to get him a crowd out there
and play in the Inemsville in Miramar.
Where all the trailer trasher out there in Miramar.
There's no normal people in Miramar.
There's no normal trailer trash out there.
You out of your mind.
Go to a place where there's some white people who aren't living in a trailer park, okay?
Under the age of 100.
Even if they speak of the Spani, they'll take the free.
They're all listening.
Although it's fixed their listening, they love it.
In between visiting Westland looking for the glory holes, they love this show.
So what else did he say?
By the way, he started to say something about Dr. Mark.
He's going to fax me and what else?
The level is about the nephew.
And by the way, that's the last plug for the nephew on this.
And like I told him before, stop wasting our time with this crap, okay?
The free... I guarantee you they took the free gas certificates already.
If they didn't take those, then don't blame me.
You want some free gas?
There you go.
All you want.
I want to just give you a 10, y'all.
I'm loving it.
It's a supply.
There you go.
Call from New York. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil, I'm sitting in my apartment right now in New York City.
Where do you live? What part of the city?
57th Street.
Oh, what?
Collecting severance, looking for a job.
Severance from what?
I used to work down in Miami and they relocated me back up to New York.
And then they laid me off.
Nice.
New York City and I stayed at a place to be unemployed.
Sure.
I'll let Chief live it up there now.
Yeah.
Well, just tell my mom that keeps sending me money.
Keep sending money, ma.
Do you want to give my two cents on the poll?
Okay.
One Goldie still makes me deaf even listening on the internet.
Yeah.
And on the internet, it's even a lot of shriller on those little speakers you have on your computer.
It's real shriller.
It's like nauseating.
And Hanks got more chin in the Chinese phone book.
Yeah.
And just because I'm real deaf for them and I need some kind of excitement.
Can you play a Mandage Highlight from the Dauphin Game?
You got it, pal.
Thank you.
Okay.
Mandage.
Well, I didn't manage you on.
Now, do you manage that?
See, there's no debate about that.
Anybody don't like you, man.
And I know there's some.
No matter who it is, there's always some tech overhead out there.
It's got a knock-em.
Mandage is a great broadcaster.
He's a panic.
Everybody loves Mandage.
In fact, it's for me.
I have nothing to do with the way their run is joined.
But if it were me, what's that under, by the way?
Oh, there it is.
I got it.
But if there were anybody with a brain in this joint, they would pay.
They'd just write a blank check.
They just open a blank check and say, of course, here, are they going to do that?
And say, the man, it's, we want you on that morning show, okay?
And you can decide for yourself which one of the three studios on there would have to go.
Maybe two or the three.
You know, but Mandage on there, we'd actually have a number in there with him on,
because he doesn't really care that much about just the sports stuff.
He is an entertainer.
He's funny.
He doesn't take it seriously.
He's got a sense of humor.
He's off the wall, which makes him entertaining.
He says stuff that even I can't believe he says.
But nobody can believe he says.
You know what I'm saying?
You checked out exactly.
It's great.
He's not just another ex-jocke with a thick tongue and a lack of a brain.
You don't want to say I'm not a dullard.
But we just don't have the money to open up that check book.
We end up paying those big bucks.
Huh?
You know, that's what it would take, because he's got his construction business.
He's working on those directions all the time.
They don't have time for this nickel and dime stuff, which he can't get paid by these people on time anyway.
Remember that day, months ago, when he finally got a check with St. Orton for months and months.
And on the check it said, don't deposit this until two weeks from Sookas.
Something like that?
Well, I'm just worn out from this thing.
I'm just worked up into a frenzy from it.
Have we learned anything?
No.
Killed a good two hours though.
Well, what keep plotting along?
We'll find some relanches to those hidden questions.
Dave Hides column.
I'll get to that, by the way.
Another piece of crap.
I thought you were going to have a good calm today, Dave,
in which you're ripping Brian Murray and asked.
And then toward the end, he starts like back and off a little bit.
Well, you know, he made the beret ray.
That'll keep him here.
Why don't you just tell it like it is.
Take their gloves off, Dave, for once in a life.
Butch up and re-a-be a real man like me.
Butch up a little bit.
Say that BMs got to go to spokesman, you got to go and take his brother with him, all right?
The mad dog is out of control.
And you'll find out why when you hear the latest relanches from Blackpuster Entertainment.
Jim Mandage sings duet.
Well, you know, I'll ride.
Run around in the trees, brother.
I'll ride.
Here's the mad dog.
Jim Mandage sings classic rock.
I'll ride.
I'll ride.
I'll ride.
I'll ride.
I'll ride.
I'll ride.
Mandage sings, lines meet.
I'll ride.
I'll ride.
I'll ride.
I'll ride.
I like it.
You just can't piss it up for that cottage cheese butt.
If he wants to sing, God bless America and pasties and the cheese thing up here, I'll do
it.
You got clothes!
I'll ride!
I'll ride!
You can do the math dark, sing them self happy!
I'll ride!
I'll ride!
I'll ride!
I'll ride!
I'll ride!
I'll ride!
You mad at the scene's duet, available now at all blockbuster schools.
Don't forget the great gym manager will be here for Hank Goldberg to the sixth and seventh
noon from Shula State 2.
Donny B. Talkin' baseball after that briefly and then the Marlins and the...
It's a 12.02.
A 5.60.
I'm here as a fact.
If he tuned in the middle of the show, by the way, we're talking today about a problem that...
Well, I don't know if it's a problem, and I guess it is.
Because the numbers on Morning Drive on a station are like flat.
They're stale.
They're going nowhere.
The ratings and the afternoon is...
I would say a little bit better if you extrapolate to the sixth.
But they're really not going anywhere fast.
And Diffle was walking around this morning shooting off a big mouth around a building that...
He believes that Hank Goldberg and the afternoon was the real reason that we've got a problem
around this show.
In other words, Morning Drive and afternoon drive.
And that Hank has got no show in no material and quite frankly terminal.
And it has those long, long gaps of dead air and that's said or in so on.
Here's a fact, by the way, which is very timely for my having said that.
And it's from somebody at FIU.
So take that for whatever you will.
It says Jeff DeForest, where are the F.U.
Get the temerity to suggest that Hank Goldberg shows the problem of Q.A.M.
Where are the F.U. get off?
I've listened to you since W.I.
D. and you are talentless and boring.
You have no sense of humor except for that cornball stuff which you and two or three other nerds find funny and you'll never change.
You have never had an opinion which wasn't so watered down and wishy-washy that it's impossible to tell whether you're a pro or...
Whether you're a pro or con on an issue.
About the only thing you've taken a firm stance on are facts so well known and proven that they're irrefutable.
Yes, Jeff, one in one is two and Hitler was a bad guy.
Beyond that, you have no real opinions, spying or talent.
You should be taken off the ear, how dare you even suggest that Hank is the problem you piece of SH.
I hope they can can your ass and that in the entire morning show you F.A.M.
Asshole you.
Sign Fred at FIU and FU2.
You know what I'm emotional about that Fredy said I'm from FIU and FU2 default.
That was funny.
What he said.
Got a few open lines here on this if you want to sound in on this is they like to say whatever that means.
5, 6, 7, 1 how's our lunch already by the way?
Getting me a nice speaker.
There no.
Our lunch just got here.
I get to go get it.
That's okay, I can handle it.
What a psychic moment for me huh?
Just as I said that I heard the intercom ring in Georgia zero.
I said where is our lunch he said it's here right now.
I've had these psychic vibrations.
I had to be going to the track.
You know what I had to be doing?
I had to be a day trader.
I was thinking that yesterday I got lucky for once in my life.
I got rid of that caterpillar just at the right time.
I don't care if it goes up to 500 you believe that?
No.
But it won't.
But I mean I just I don't know about that stuff.
The being a day trader.
You can make so much and you can lose your ass too.
But just the idea of sitting there on your computer on the internet.
Just the trading, buying and selling and losing and plunging and man that sounds like my kind of life.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Hello Nail.
Yes sir.
I got a couple of things.
It was up to the president of the forest fan club in fact.
Yes.
I mean how many times can you talk about whatever it is?
I mean if they talk from 6 to 10 about the draft and Hank comes on and they talk about the draft.
Yeah.
And then the next clown comes on.
I think I'll take a one and a four for Marshall talk.
I mean it's just it's pathetic.
I mean you know any quote real radio station have a couple hours dedicated to sports and that's enough.
That's the way it used to be.
You know when I would do it I had that 6 to 8 which was never a big ratings thing either by the way.
That was not a real good time of the day.
But that was never a real big deal or 6 to 8 p.m.
And it was then it seemed like more than enough to be enough to be on.
You have to have to fire the audience.
I mean you know if they're talking, not that there is hockey trouble let's say if they did.
I mean I don't want to hear it again at five o'clock after I heard how many times can you rehash how they'll bore his injury.
Yeah.
It's old.
And as far as the 2 a.m. there a new jingle should be we give you the stuff you don't want.
Okay.
And Hank I will say this about Hank.
Please.
He's got some things but I called him a few weeks ago he said he's having a problem with his mail.
And this is not even sports related and then he said something to me that some guy is delivering the mail but he's not the mail man.
I try to tell him that's a federal statute.
People can't go in your mailbox.
And he's like I don't know what the f you don't know what the f you're talking about.
I'm like, Guy, nobody in any condo association is going to have your access to your mailbox other than the mail man.
Yeah.
And he's just going off like he knows.
So you know he's like a pseudo intellectual sports guy.
You know something but other than he don't know.
Okay.
Thanks for whatever you just said.
What do you say?
He said he don't know.
Great sala day from Tony's by the way.
Thanks Brad.
You're just from Tony's I hope?
Yes.
Yes.
Thanks a lot Brad.
You're the best sweetheart.
My Greek salad.
I'm getting off the icons.
I mean this is not anti-acons but I'm just not eating so much meat and cheese all the time.
You know too much God then meat too much cheese.
It just doesn't work for me.
I'm going to try something else.
I'm going to keep trying until the needle moves and the scale too.
It's like it's frozen.
It's like it's just for a sprozen and suspended animation in my puppet too.
It just ain't going to I know exercise.
I know that fine.
I have tried everything besides running 50 miles in about a half an hour and it just ain't happening.
And they tested the doctor tested my thyroid on here.
Look at that.
The TSH.
What is that?
Whatever that is.
Normal is 0.4 to 5.5 minus 0.9.
My thyroid is not only normal.
It's especially normal.
It's spectacular.
It's sensational.
My gluko, a hemahomo globin, whatever that thing is.
My blood sugar over an extended period of time within normal range.
It could be a little bit lower but 6.8 normal is up to 7.5.
That's fine.
Which means I've kept that blood sugar down there at a nice level.
I'm doing a good job of that.
But the weight, the weight, I'd pay 100 grand right now for somebody to help me lose weight.
I'd pay 100 grand a Gregory reads money.
If I ever hear a little dog say Gregory again, or Greg, oh.
That was the worst suck job I ever heard in my life.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
How are you?
Great.
Good.
A couple of things.
First, I do a lot of day-terrating number one.
And it's...
Is it making you neurotic?
It makes you like crazy.
No.
I have bad news for you.
Like you said, you don't care.
But we know you.
We all care a little today after.
It's 64 now.
Up to 34.
Canopillar is up to 64.
Yes, sir.
Too late now.
I don't care.
I know.
But I'm saying, have any ever had a deal out there?
It happened to me yesterday.
I mean, I pushed the button, sold the stock.
And it's 48 when I'm selling it.
And it's sold at 47 because it takes a little while to execute.
Right.
And then it goes to 50.
So you just have to learn to live with it.
I mean, I'm sorry.
That thing was down to 39.
And for months it was going like 44 and 35.
And I kept getting in it.
And all the experts were downgrading it and to add to piece of crap.
And they got all this exposure in Russia and Asia.
And I'm so tickled to get 60 and 58 to make a few bucks.
I don't care what it goes.
All of a sudden it's a good stuff.
Right.
Okay.
Number one.
And the texts are all in the toilet, of course, now.
The texts are getting hammered today.
And I'm just like that.
And it's like, if you have the balls, can I see that?
Yes.
All the steps in and buy these stocks.
And you're going to make a lot of money.
But today they're all getting, yes, they are today.
All these.
Hammered.
And it's just horribly.
What's your, it's a blood bed.
I can, I listen to the first team a little bit, but basically between Howard and the first team.
How much, like you said, a thousand times, you just can't, it's the same stuff recycled over and over and over.
And I have to say, Hank, Hank is good.
But he's, I think, straddled or saddled with this sport thing.
So he has to have a sports show.
I think he feels so.
But if he had a regular show like you, not your show, but just the show I'm talking, he's good.
I mean, you know, I mix a little sports in here, but I enjoy when Hank is talking to, you know, bitching about his landlord and about these other things.
I enjoy much more when he's talking non-sports thing.
Exactly.
But once the caller start with that drab crack and the thing will, what is your take, you know, look at the gamblers.
What is your take on this game?
Who cares what his take is on his game?
Go to GA and get some help, you know?
Yeah, they have been there too.
God.
Anyway, lastly, not lastly, but I just wanted to know if anyone is that missed part of the show today because I actually do have a little bit of a life.
Right.
But I was watching, flipping it around last night in the television, too.
Yeah.
And I was watching basically Geraldo with Susan McDougal, which was great.
But then I switched to Larry King, our favorite debtor.
Oh, he is a person who was money, huh?
And you know, who's that?
Who's that?
And Star.
Oh, no.
He wasn't sucking his ass, wasn't he?
He was licking it on the air.
Can't start who all of a sudden decided that he was the whole thing was heinous and stick it in the anus and whatever.
But then he defend everything he did on Larry's like, he didn't just softball, he threw marshmallows and he was oh, yeah.
I mean, it always invite Larry to your weenie roast because he'll always bring the marshmallows.
It's so sad that he does that.
I'm out of detox.
Yeah, he knows how to suck ass.
Okay, I got to go pal.
I'm going to have a great deal on your brains out.
There's a guy having a good time.
Canterfiller 64.
Oh boy.
Like I said, I am upset.
It's 11 afternoon at 560 WQM.
Holy mackerel!
This is Joe Bowen, the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs, and you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neal, God!
There's a lettuce.
I don't know if you remember me, but I was the guy whose house you said on my last view.
God, I miss you, even though you blow up my car and caught all my hair off.
I miss you, girl.
But one quick question.
Do you think you could let me know when you might let me out of this pit?
No one's fed me for weeks, but I'm not complaining.
Don't just understand me because I loved you with all my heart.
But if you happen to see my mother, we'd let her know I'm not dead yet.
Fear a lettuce.
I want to tell you that the guy you saw with your best friend, that wasn't me.
He kind of looked and talked just like me, but that's surely, surely coincidental.
I was nowhere near that place.
I loved you too much to look at anyone else.
Fear a lettuce.
I had a dentist appointment that day, and I was nowhere near the Sharon Smedall Inn Hotel.
I would never cheat on somebody who treats me so good and wins all those rambies as all that money.
It's come on, let me out of the pit.
No.
About 17 is 560 WQAM.
Here's a fact, a hostile, a wild psychotic fact.
Well, we got the blood boil on out there today, baby.
I'm going to have to put a few of these in this one.
It says Ray DeForce is a f***ing asshole.
The Gensville Nf.
You.
So Jeff DeForce says Hank brings down the station.
Sounds like he's joancing to get Hank off the ear.
How did that f***ing begins with an f***ing maggot, like it when Jeff Rimjob was looking big-cutted cheese as for one of his jobs?
Jeff and those hacks are good at taking shots at other people, but they're real talented as wearing that orange vest and saying welcome to Kmart or Walmart.
Those guys are effing boring and DeForce not only has no balls, but is a backstabbing f***ing sucker.
I can't say the word out there, I can give you a hint.
It's spelled like CO.
C.K.
Okay.
He can't shine Hank's shoes, but he would probably like to and then brag about it and try to put all the shoe shinders out of business.
And then it's concluded by saying Jeff DeForce is a human blowjob.
What a test.
So that would only Jeff with his abort behavior around it.
And he did make reference to it this morning.
I heard him talking about the fact that he was even hearing a second around with George discussing the programming on the radio station.
In other words, placing the blame all on Hank's big f***ed shoulders for whatever problems we might have.
I mean, it's not that the station's doing badly.
It's just that we could have bigger numbers in the morning and afternoon, especially while continuing the fact we have no competition on the AM band anyway.
So is that guy a little bit emotional or what?
How do you spell that?
Here's the Coral Gables.
Hello.
Coral Gables. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I like that C.K.
Was that from C.K.L.W.?
Was that from...
From what?
C.K.L.
C.K.L.
Yes.
Okay.
As far as your poll question.
C.K.L.W.
Golden.
Yeah.
Okay.
From the poll question.
The worst team blows...
The B.K.H.
Okay, let's move on to that.
Go ahead.
The worst team blows...
Hank is okay.
Okay.
Thank you.
Okay, thank you.
Thank you.
56670560, 0560 on the mobile one line.
We're trying to get to the bottom to the root of all evil.
Okay.
We did have one person that called the show today that says they only listen between 10 and 2.
Do not listen to the other shows on their stations.
So I guess that kind of disqualifies them from having an opinion.
Or maybe there's a reason they don't listen to those other shows.
Maybe they have a life.
And they don't want to hear like it was a one and a four.
Going to get Marshall fall.
Because who gives a fall when you come right down to it?
56670560, 0560 on the mobile one line.
Does anybody with a brain really, I mean, rack-in-the-brain-about stuff like that?
No.
No.
I mean, it's of interest to people who are sports nerds, who are fans, who want to spend
a lot of money or somebody else's money to go see stuff, you know, guys in tight uniforms,
rolling around in the ground, grabbing each other's crotch, you know, stuff like that.
Hey, come on.
Hit somebody, Warhol.
Come on, Warhol.
Didn't he pitch yesterday for the Met's Warhol, her Shizer?
Here's a Hialia and beat the Marlins here.
Hialia, hello.
Hi, this is Benny.
Benny Tokamalov.
Yeah, right, uh-huh.
Benny Tokamalov says that what you said, sir.
With your tired, still old, Julio act.
Very, very sad, you know.
I would have thought by now you'd have found some boyfriend at the AT room over there in Westland.
Somebody desperate enough to touch you somewhere.
Like maybe on your rectum.
56670560, 0560 on the mobile one line.
How's that facts machine coming?
I hear it tapping away back there.
Something's tapping.
Get those damn numbers from that doctor already for quite a lot.
Come on, doctor, Mark, okay?
I've popped your rod over there, and I've, uh, with whatever oral stuff you're doing.
Let's get with it.
Here's a mobile and opalaka.
Hello.
Hello, hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm a big huge, uh, first team fan.
And I tell you, I think the forest is the funniest guy on the radio.
I think he's really witty.
I think Joe Rose has got some real cajonis.
Not just some kind of sham put up stick that he does on the radio.
I like the weewee.
Yeah.
He's, uh, it's a, it's a great show.
I enjoy it.
I think, uh, I, I'd like to talk about your ratings.
I think they're bogus.
I think they're bogus for the same reason the Latin ratings are bogus.
Right.
I think every guy in town that's a little light in the loafers just automatically puts down in the line.
Is that why you're listing now?
Are you light in the loafers?
Nope.
Nope.
I heard you talking about the first team.
How could you, how could you, how could you hear it unless you listen to the show?
Because I leave the radio on.
I got in the car and there it was.
You're talking about it.
So, so in other words, so on, I was only the fact, only the fags put down that they listen to the show.
Oh, no, there are plenty of other people that put it down, but when you add the fags to the plenty of other people,
I, I, I, I hope to break the news to you, sir, but the percentage of fags I have in this audience that I've been here for 23 years,
you could put them in a phone booth and have room left over for Maria Callus.
I've, I've listened to your show since you were all with John Broward.
So, I've not say it all.
So, what are you talking about, then?
What is that mean?
Saying your numbers are inflated.
I think they're about like, hey.
Well, sir, then, then, then, then, I'll ask you this, if that's the case, how come, you know, the sponsors that I've had on for years and years,
how come they get this unbelievable response and you'll notice that they stay on this show year or so, you think it's because of all of the bunches they're light in the loafers or they just like my, the way I look?
No, I'm saying you have those right?
You want?
You have.
Like the Latin numbers, all plenty of them.
Yeah.
So, okay, your new phone will call me back soon, though, okay, sir, when your phone works?
I mean, I will not listen. I can take all the shots you want, but I mean, the numbers are bogus.
Not the numbers in one book, and did it ever dawn on you, sir, since only like maybe, maybe 10% of the population are as light in the loafers as you would suggest,
which you didn't want to say, faggot.
The odds of that many of them getting diaries month after month, trend after trend, book after book is so minuscule, but it's this tremendous luck I've had is what it is that these numbers are bogus.
Sir, there is nobody in this industry who believes that.
There's nobody in this business who believes that, that these numbers are bogus.
That would be saying that Hank's numbers are bogus because all the fat Jews put it down.
Or in the morning, all the people with high squeaky voices put down the worst teams because they can relate to Yaldi.
Yeah, I mean, that's what that's all about.
See, what he doesn't, what he doesn't want to understand is that there are these enormous number of people who listen, who'll never put it down.
Like maybe him.
All the homophobic religious assholes who are out there listening right now as I speak, who would be listening 24 hours a day if I were on 24 hours a day, who would never turn it off.
And have been listening to me for years, they'll never put it down because they feel like voting for me.
So maybe that even itself out those people lighten the loafers and then of course there are all those doctor trouble makers too.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I heard you say that you thought you were being a pain in the ass because you want your report to pay.
I don't want to be a pain in the ass.
No, you're not.
And I got the, and I got, let's see, page two.
How come I got page two again? What happened to page one?
The first page one didn't have any changes on it, so I figured I'd save your facts paper and not have any changes.
No, I don't want to save the facts paper. I want to see the numbers.
What do you mean didn't have any changes on it?
The same, the material on page two was exactly the same as it had been before, but it's all on its way back through again to you.
I'm making up for the last time.
In other words, it's still high. Those numbers that were high like the bun, the BUN, is still 25.
Well, they're not going, you got them the day before, Neil.
I got what?
You got them all the day before.
No, I did not.
Okay, anyway, it's on its way.
He's having another one of those days.
No, not having another one of those days.
No, I've got some sleep in the past few days. It cost me, that stand-away cover of the weekend.
Well, here we go. I've got the other page now.
Okay, let's take a look here.
Total protein is down from nine point whatever was to 8.6, which is fine.
Yeah, we talked about this on the phone the other day.
But we didn't talk about BUN.
You're being away to 16.
We're down from 12.
No, we're not.
Still within the normal range.
Yeah, but I understand what you're going to say.
But psychologically, don't you understand my good doctor friend?
Don't you understand that those of us who have become neurotic, either because of previous pill doctors,
or because we're getting old and getting ready to die, or whatever the reason might be,
that we like seeing, especially when we've read that taking hydrochlorothiazide,
which you did not put me on it, which you did get me off it, thank you,
and the card of the Zem's working great just like I always used to,
like seeing a better number.
Do you know what I'm saying?
I kind of do, but see, it's sort of like having a philosophical position.
You want to see the difference between two normals, and I already know that the last one was normal.
But the 25 is like right on the edge, and there are some books, by the way,
which say that anything above 18 or 20 is not normal.
And there are some books that say 20.
I mean, really, it's the matter of the laboratory.
But 16 is a nice number, I can live with that.
Yeah, it is.
And the ratio is good, we talked about that.
There you go.
I see I feel better already.
Amazing.
I have a bad...
It's psychological, you should know that.
You should know that.
You should know that.
You'll forget me for being a groupie.
What about my homocysteine?
I mean, my homo number, we know this high-specified, last guy.
You're the sixth, as I recall.
It is?
That's what you told me.
I've never had it taken before.
No, you're homo number, that's what you said.
No, I'm not talking about sex, okay?
You are so obsessed with sex, and so am I.
But let's leave that for off of here, okay?
Let's talk about, uh, home, you don't have that, you know, right?
No, it's fine.
That takes about a week.
How do you like Hank's doctor telling him that because his blood sugar reading in his blood test was normal,
he's no longer diabetic.
Well, I think it's kind of, um, kind of an irresponsible thing to do.
Right.
Because, you know, when you, like what you've done here, you've corrected your, your, your, uh, long-term sugar problem,
but you know that as soon as you go off a diet, you're going to pop right back into the...
Of course!
If I had one of those disadvantaged bars right now, my blood sugar would go skyrocketing.
You don't ever let any of your patients eat those, by the way.
Which one of those?
The Actions Advantage.
I call them disadvantaged.
You heard the story yesterday.
It's a taste question.
And even though it says two grams, I had two of them here, uh, two days ago, my blood sugar went home was 200.
Yep.
Yep.
And you know that's from carbohydrates.
Most likely.
Absolutely.
Well, these look pretty good, by the way.
I don't see anything other than the cholesterol.
We got to get that down, but again, the HCT could have had something to do with that.
And it'll all take about eight weeks to fix.
Great.
You can check it whenever you want, but I'm just telling you in order to make the value.
And then...
And this protein, no inflammation, the acybriactive under five, which is a normal range.
Right.
So in other words, Dr. How do I feel?
Great.
I'm do I feel a little great?
I feel like you've redeemed my life.
I think...
Well, I also...
When I heard you say you didn't want to be a pain in my ass today, I thought to myself, well, that just comes with the territory.
I mean, I know that when I do your work, I'm going to be hearing from you over and over and over again.
Do you like the publicity?
Well, I guess it's worthwhile.
What can I say?
Plus, I told you the other day, I mean, when I was on absolute full tilt, get out of my way.
I'm running the place by myself.
The word you're looking for is crazy.
Yeah, all right.
Yeah, it's been crazy.
You were.
You're a little crazy.
That's all right.
I'm lucked at every day.
Okay, thanks, Mark.
Right off, but yeah.
Okay, good news from Dr. Mark.
I'll just go out of the way.
Okay, I'll get to him eventually, too.
And everybody else.
Oh, I feel see...
I'll get to that.
Wouldn't you feel better if you had the number of something that could be bad?
Is 16 instead of 25?
25 being on the edge of an upper edge?
I think so at the full office morning.
Got him on his wild tie rate against everybody else in the building, especially Hank.
Because you know he's got this on again, off again, mirage thing.
He's got the longest ongoing either divorce or lack of divorce.
Anybody I've ever known, you know.
And it's a fiery, rocky mirage, you know.
And Joe Rose this morning was overheard when D4 was asking him what he ought to do.
And Joe said, I doubt the bitch right now.
And I think that's what set him over the edge.
Don't you?
I think that's...
What did it?
Well, speaking of people who wrote something about that, here's Jeff Cohen.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I just wanted to compliment the classy organization over at CityLink.
On the quality of their editorializing and writing skills.
I mean they are right on the money and just about everything they put in their newspaper.
Yeah.
You know what a suck up job that was.
So I just...
I hate to break the news to you.
I mean like I'm on the same page with Michael Mayo in there.
So I don't take it with that.
I would 10 grades assault.
And also you're on the same page with 75 other pizza joints in there.
Like I said yesterday would have been nice if they would honor you and give you the accolade you deserve.
But instead every 10 blocks and in Broward and Palm Beach they've got a different pizza place depending on what you live on.
The east side of the road, the west side of the road.
So it was nice you were in there and you deserve it.
But you know, only at the loft do they drive from Oliver Town.
Right.
So they take the other people into consideration.
But I would definitely say that when it comes to a pizza place right behind Pierrot imports I'm University driving Davey.
There's nobody holds a candle to the pizza lot.
Well, you know it's very nice to be to say.
North of a Griffin road and just south of 595.
Right, right.
Did you know the east side of the road only.
Kitty corner of Sadie's buffet.
Which isn't there any more.
Which you notice by the way is another nice big fucking area.
There's a lot of that area.
What's that?
Sadie's is gone.
Well, it's gone.
Yep.
They all died.
Boy!
Now a Piccadilly cafeteria.
Oh, hey, they have Piccadilly.
And the people are going nuts when they show up for the all you could eat and they don't have that anymore.
It's like a regular cafeteria.
Good.
They should.
They're animals anyway.
Let them move their soul.
Anyway, I wanted to say hello and thank you for my food.
Now you're another guy that can this asshole that calls two calls ago.
So I don't really care what they who's been listening to me since John Broward was on,
which is 100 years ago in INZ.
Remember those horrible days in the nighttime show?
And it gave me a song that has about the ratings on his show, Our Bogus,
because I got all these people who are light in the loafers to use his expression who write it down.
Okay.
So all those people are coming to your restaurant.
How many, what percentage of the people are coming from this show when you say are light and loafers?
You get a few.
100%.
100%.
Yeah, it's not.
Is this a lot of lemon?
You get mostly married young people married young people with families.
And I don't want to pull words in your mouth.
That's our clientele.
That's our clientele.
That's our clientele.
We advertise on Nickelodeon for the kids.
Right.
It's families.
Now unless they're a bunch of pedophiles, they just kidnap those kids.
I would assume that they're, you know, doing something.
I don't think that that's on the money.
No.
Right.
Hey, did you know that you could register at the loft to, you know, pizza delivery guy at the game
and all the bobcat home football games?
No, I didn't know that.
And you know something I probably would have survived without knowing it, but I'm delighted to hear by it.
I just thought you might want to know.
Somebody wants those tickets.
Okay, Jeff.
Nice talking to you.
You'll have a great, uh, we like.
Okay, and watch yourself because a lot of stuff going around.
Okay.
And whatever it is, he's getting it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound.
I feel I'm telling you seriously.
I mean, can't we discuss that for a minute or so?
I think most people want, why is my doctor?
He's a good guy, but he's such a hard ass, you know?
People want to see better results.
The reason they have their blood test taken, I realized that these things vary a little bit.
But for crying out loud when the normal like kind of bun, which is your kidneys for Christ's face,
when normal is like 6 to 25, and you had a reading before of 25, which I did, that's right on the edge.
And you've had a little some back pains and you're starting to go, uh,
because you were taking that other drug.
And now you're retaken and at 16 point, I would say, yeah, now I feel better.
And I'm off that crap that the other doctor was peddling me.
Why is that so hard to understand?
And the same with the white blood count instead of 9.7, that's 8.7, which is well with the normal range.
But you don't want to be walking around with a high blood, white blood count,
because it means like you're fighting some minor thing, which is probably what I had for like three months,
like a very minor viral infection of some kind, which will never know what it was,
and who cares, because now I'm feeling great, because I see the blood test results.
And thank you, Dr. Mark.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's a leading four-letter deal. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
I was calling you and you're going to your poll.
Yes.
Hang on, I want to get that feed back out of there. Is that better?
Hello.
It's better.
A little better.
Okay. I'll try to speak up.
No, it's not you. It's our phone system. It's a piece of crap.
Well, yeah. You can say that again.
I can piece a crap.
I listened basically, I'll put up with Static to try to listen to Bob and Tom over the worst team.
Right.
But then I'm not exactly there, demographic. That's pretty obvious.
If you ever listen to a maid, if they're trying to attract women, they've got the whole
of their different side.
Who's that, Bob and Tom?
No.
Are you in the worst team?
If they try any show on this station, they think they're going to get a woman's audience, except for this one.
And by the way, for this Jackass that calls me before about the light and the loafers crowd out there, we don't have a giant women listening audience.
But if you look at the women, this is the only station show on this station that has an appreciable number of women listening.
Exactly.
The other show is old points in women.
For how many women out there, unless there were jocks nippers or petunia pigs with their noses up against the glass at the macarena,
how many want to hear about who's going to draft this one all day, 20 hours a day?
Exactly. But coming to Hank.
Yes.
I wanted to mention to you, because you've mentioned the other day about the tube fight with your ass press,
the building of any new stadiums in this test.
Yes, absolutely correct.
Have you ever heard him brag about how he took down Smiley and the mayor downtown Miami to show them exactly where the new stadium should be?
And how all this work he's done to try to make sure that it gets built here, and he deserves to have a stadium named the Goldberg Stadium with all the fees that he's done.
Well, that's a joke.
You know, that's a joke.
And then he had people call him and say, if there's a new downtown stadium and downtown Miami, that people in Browell wouldn't go to the E.P. He hangs up and says,
well, good, good to see you.
Nobody cares if you're coming or not.
Well, keep in mind, Hank is the last Jew living in Dave County.
Keep that in mind.
Well, that's true.
But I really think he's serious about that.
And Mandage is also a push-interesting. As much as I love Mandage, I mean, he's got to be doing drugs or something to be saying they should be able to stay in Miami.
Right by that new American, your line's arena.
Three blocks away from the old crappy arena. Nobody wants to go to.
I understand that.
I understand it.
Well, I got noticed for you, both Mandage and the Huff, we're going to have to step over my dead body before any tax money is going to be spent to build a guy named the stadium from baseball team that nobody goes to that nobody cares about.
And they're talking about how it makes people want to buy their spots on the broadcast, by the way.
You want to buy some spots, sweetheart?
No.
I can't buy a stick of gum right now.
Okay. Thanks, anyway.
Have a great day.
You too. Thanks.
She don't want to buy no spots on the Marlin Games this year?
No.
No.
How about if the Marlin Games were on...
Collagen?
Oh, sorry. On that station.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, better there than us.
Let them pay the damn most thing.
Okay, all those are broadcast rights. 3.7 million a year.
Oh, God.
Please buy some spots on the Marlins.
Please buy some Marlins.
I want to bang in the butt, honey.
The following is a paid public service announcement from the International Rightful Association.
Let's face.
Most of us will never be rich.
Hell, we probably won't even be successful.
And that's pretty damn depressing.
But, as usual, with every problem, there is a solution.
Hi. I'm Jim, and I'm here to tell you a little something about handguns.
They scare the s*** out of people, intimidate them, and then giving you whatever you want.
That's right, handguns.
Think about it.
Need some cash?
Drop a bang.
Don't have enough money for beer?
Call up the convenience.
Take chips and pretzels while you're at it.
It's all free if you've got a handguns.
Some side of a bitch cheating on your girlfriend?
Kill him.
The simple solution to life's complex problems.
All I have to do is wait the five days for it, and happiness is just around the corner.
Hell, if you don't want to wait the five days, who cares?
Buy the dancing of the street.
Just buy a lot of handguns.
It's a great alternative to working problems out, and you'd be considered a population control.
Yes, handguns.
They just might make you think.
No 45 was 560 WDQM.
So anyway, that car.
I mean, not that I really care what he says, but it was just so bizarre that a guy who's been listening that long.
And he's in so much now.
Oh, not that I'm, you know, he's not lighting the loafers, but...
See, stop and think about one thing.
When you analyze that.
When we do our set of one fundraiser,
always the one border store where they were taking merchandise from to put in all the other stores
when they were running short, coconut grove.
Now, if you take the sparses on one side of the rail tracks or railroad tracks,
who are the majority of the people that live in the grove?
Gay people, okay?
For years, overwhelming.
Where's the other large pocket in Dave County, for example, of case, besides the little Havana, South Beach?
Now, when's the last time we had a call?
How many calls a year do we get from either coconut grove or South Beach?
You can count them on the fingers of one hand, right?
Few if any.
That's not where our audience is, sir.
And I just, I just take umbricks with a notion that because, I mean, this isn't San Francisco.
I can understand what he's saying.
If I were on here in San Francisco, oh yeah, let's put down where listen to the Fag, you know, 20 hours a day.
I can understand that.
But in this market, it may come as a great shock to you, sir.
It's a liability, not a benefit.
Trust me when I tell you, or not as the case may be, whatever you like, and have a nice day.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pump, and like the Julio's, for example,
how many of them won't even speak unless they call us a medical medical, and that should be proof in the pudding right there.
Because there's an enormous number of them listening religiously if you pardon that expression daily of the show.
We know that for a fact.
I don't know how they all are even going to get those diaries for the very same point that he made.
That Mama Cita grabs the mail when it comes, and they row at QBA, RHC, whatever they're writing down, because they're voting there.
They're doing their...
Anti-casture or good deed for the day?
They wouldn't write you down anyway.
That's my point.
That's exactly my point.
So I'm probably another ratings expert on there.
He could be a consultant, he could be the next water saver.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pump, 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in sunrise. Hello?
On the mail?
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Mary guy, young Mary guy with a family?
Yeah.
You're not lightening the loafers now, are you?
No, no, no.
The first team makes suck, Robin Tom Rock, and the fourth Hank goes.
Having to sit there and listen to him eat on the air.
The only thing I could think that would be worse than that would be having to sit there and watch him at the same time.
Yeah.
I'm on the material.
Sir, you like to eat bread?
Okay, thank you.
Sir, we like to hang, sir.
We just know one here, me.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pump, 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Well, you know, maybe the fact that I made dainty or eater than some of these guys.
Oh, here, there's a guy that was at the hockey game last night.
What was his mother?
I know that was your mother.
And I told Joe Costello this morning, I said, Corey, was it the game?
Well, his mother last night, I saw him down in the first row up by the glass in the first period.
He said, oh, how do you know what was his mother?
What?
The weather was my mother.
No, no, he said, he said to me, he said, how do you know what's his mother?
Well, she was like, oh, older than he was by a long shot.
And he said, well, you know, he might have asked, how would I know who you're dating?
I don't know.
He said, no, no, Corey, it might have been his date.
You're dating 45 year old women?
However, I don't know.
Huh?
Not at the moment.
Not at the moment, but he would.
She, well, you were far away, but she was very, she looked very nice.
Oh, happy birthday, mom.
Okay.
And how come you left after the first period?
Yeah.
The glass, she was too close to the glass.
Couldn't get a little nervous, so she wanted to go back to the lead.
Good.
Excellent choice.
So you can actually see something.
I mean, it's prestigious to sit down by the glass, but you can't see it then.
They're absolutely right.
Not a toy.
And of course, then when you went up to the box and you actually saw the game, you said, what are we doing here?
I mean, that was just, that was, that was the point we gave the tickets to someone that was in the suite.
Good for you.
Okay.
So unlike what Joe Costello was starting this morning, everybody in the building, they must be going around, starting trouble.
Okay.
Thank God I don't pull that crap.
Everybody's looking to make a little trouble.
That's good.
It's nice to be mischievous one or once in a while.
Stir the pot and smoke it.
Cory was there to hockey game with his mother last night because it was his birthday, which I think is a nice thing for any Jewish boy to take mother to hockey game for her birthday.
And Joe Costello's in her aunt when it was probably so much, she was dating, you know, he dates the date, 70 year old women.
Here's a mobile and sunrise.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
You know, I got a brand new expedition and he's goddamn gravel trucks driving on the term pike.
All they can do is chip my brand new paint.
What's that?
What's that?
What's that?
Anyway, listen.
I hate that.
That sucks.
I'm eating on the ear again.
I'm sorry.
Now I'm making sounds.
You know what?
You eat on the air and nobody complains.
Poil, fat, Hank.
He beats on the air every week.
I can't even understand that.
I'm just, I do that purposely.
I make all kinds of grotesque.
I don't know what I'm doing.
That doesn't bother them.
I think a lot of people don't understand.
This show isn't one dimensional.
It's entertaining.
They have a good time.
They get a few laughs.
They get pissed off.
It reaches a broad range of people who aren't just interested in whether the kid that they're going to draft on Saturday is got a large penis or not.
Yeah.
I know we will be talking about that tomorrow.
On your station, the only people I really care for are you and man that's, and I think the thing you guys have in common is that you guys shoot from the hips.
Yes.
I'm just going to tell it like it is.
He'll be here at two o'clock.
Okay. And he's going to tell you about his crush for Tommy Brady day too.
And that's about it.
And in closing, I live in the Grove.
And I live in Coconut Grove.
I bet you don't know.
Anybody there who listen to this show?
I don't know.
I don't know.
But I don't think there are that many fags there.
In the Grove?
What do they all move out?
I mean, there's a few.
There's a few around.
But you know.
You feel like on Mirry Street?
On Mir...
How about Virginia Street?
Most of the guys who are at Live On Mirry Street are named Mirry.
Yeah.
Most of the guys who live on Virginia Street are named Virginia.
All right, near the big fag.
Okay, see.
See what I mean?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8.
Yeah, there's no fags in the Grove.
There's no fags in South Beach.
There's no fags anywhere.
We just made it up.
Who would do anything disgusting like that?
Now, that was bad when I was just saying that.
You notice that?
Huh?
My timing was not good there.
I'm not going to say anything.
Okay, he's a good guy.
But...
I'm not going to start that Tommy stuff.
Okay.
I mean, it's enough that we already started with poor Cory.
His mother was her birthday.
Which I thought that was a sweet thing for him to do.
He's a good guy.
And now you want to start up with poor Tommy there in the morning,
who's also a...
I'll tell you one thing.
You know, some of the people that work in this radio station
don't realize they better kiss the ground.
They got a good bunch of people that work here.
Most of them are peanuts for nothing.
There's a good bunch of guys here.
I don't want to start making my name.
I'll leave somebody out.
But all these sports nerd guys,
they work their asses off and they get bitched out
and chewed out and treated like crap and underpaid.
We got some good people in here, okay?
Now, maybe if we can get Tommy some new sneakers,
maybe from a new balance.
So we can run fast.
Well, here's South Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, sir.
Hey, what's going on?
We got a whole bunch of stuff going on in this place.
I'm working on this.
I've got a sports team.
I go between him and Ben and Howard and in Casanovo.
Right.
But you also listen to Paul Casanovo.
You're the one.
And I've got to know, with the music stuff,
they play like...
They're starting to play like far stuff like the coast and well, far.
The thing about Hank, talking about the third he missed,
I was in the idea that he got these two people together
and they're missing that.
He's one of the guys that they go from down there
and they're going to renovate downtown.
And I had a family column, but I didn't.
You know, what are you talking about?
They've had the chance to be a reader.
They're not going to be able to say that.
These people don't understand this.
Isn't Cleveland?
It's not Baltimore.
It isn't going to happen in addition to which
it wouldn't make any difference what they built downtown.
The fact is, the reason most people moved out of the county
is they don't want to go downtown.
I mean, no matter what's there, they're not going to go.
And he's the enemy in the end of that.
He's constantly opposed to having an outbody community
because there's nothing out there.
And there's a man.
I want to be able to go to a bar.
And there's a man.
I want to.
I want to.
These are these sound real crazy sounds on them.
That's it.
Go on.
Go on.
Okay.
Of course, everybody knows that Christina would be gone.
Not a major bulletin.
You know what I'm talking about Christina.
More on.
Yeah, she's gone.
Last game, Saturday night.
Christina Moran.
We'll disgrace once again.
Just amazing.
This guy must have a whole house full.
He must have a drawer full.
He must have a closet full of naked pictures.
Six years he stuck around here with his droning non-descriptive
inadequate unacceptable style.
56670560, POM 560, and the mobile one line.
Here's North Miami.
Hello.
Hey.
I agree totally.
You know, I hear the bad dog and I agree with what we've had.
A lot of dog about this.
A lot of riding.
This isn't Cleveland.
This is Detroit.
This is the bottom.
What do you mean downtown?
People are not going to go there.
No, they don't want to go there.
I don't care if they are giving away free.
Oh, I can't say that.
But anyway.
Six.
Right.
People are gone.
Those guys, I mean, it's just terminal.
Yeah.
And then, you know, Hank, Hank is an angry Jew guy.
You know, when I've been around the angry Jews all my life.
Yeah.
That's why you get up.
I work at the Bauer Harbor all my life.
Oh, boy.
You know what I'm talking about?
That's the Harbor House.
You know.
In a rascal house.
In a rascal house.
But the other thing I wanted to pick a bow with you about is, you know, like I know you're, you know, like this drafts crap.
I know it's this terminal.
But you've been picking out automobile rep.
I know that Jewel Castellero.
He's got this show.
It's a little bit too early for me in the Saturday morning.
But drag racing is really cool.
You know, you got it.
I'm not in the drag myself.
You got it.
I know that you're a straight Jew.
I'm going to lighten the loafers.
I'm going to lighten the drag.
I'm going to lighten the loafers.
I just went to Gainesville, the Gator Nationals about a month ago.
The what?
The Gator Nationals.
Yeah.
Gator Nationals.
And Gainesville.
Gainesville is a fun town.
Yeah.
Never been there.
It is a college town.
I spent about four nights there.
And then I tell you.
But they got a lot of hot college students.
They're in Gainesville.
What seemed to be when you got that big a university.
I have a lot of people in the late age there.
I'm a young 40s.
And I tell you what, I had no problems at all.
But anyway, I'm young.
But drag racing, you got to see it to believe it.
Because I mean, these cars, they go from zero to 320 miles an hour.
It's going to have seconds.
And the noise.
It's almost...
You know me.
I just poke along 65 to 50.
Yeah, I heard that earlier.
Hold a speed limit.
That's a turnpike of 65 anyway.
What are you going to do?
You're going to go.
Well, no, see what the guy didn't want to admit.
It was the fact that he maybe he did see me.
Because I was there.
There was a FHP porker pulled over the side of the road.
Not with anybody else sitting there.
And so naturally, everybody becomes paralyzed.
Exactly.
And I had no choice.
I mean, you can't get around all three lanes.
So I'm just going with the flow away until I got by and I zoomed around them.
I mean, you can go 67, 68.
They're not going to bother you.
I go 75 on their minimum.
Really?
Yes. I'm going to say why not?
It's 65.
They should give you 10 miles.
Exactly.
I just made the strip up the Gainesville on the turnpike.
And what a nice ride is.
It's 4.5 hours.
You know, just feed them and be at 70.
I think I'm going up to this weekend.
No, no, next March you got to go.
Okay.
All right, Neil.
Thanks a lot.
Bye.
I'm going to go up to Gainesville and give me something.
1257 at 560 WQM.
Of course, you know, there's a lot of people light in the loafers up there.
Any university campus.
There's lots of those guys.
Well, that guy can have them.
I prefer my mental health more macho than that.
Oh, boy.
It's the one to two hours.
How I love to live that glitter that is why I become a singing lesbian nun.
Mr. Mary Catherin was so impressed with what I done.
He gave me action with her son.
Can you please be perceived in these essays on Wednesday?
Yes.
I'm dead.
I can't reveal how much I wanted Sally to go with one in my wheel.
Okay.
It's 102 at 560 WQM.
No, forget we got Jim Maddett.
All right.
We're hanging from two to six this afternoon.
Hank's taken the day off because he's really pissed at DeFo.
I don't know why he's taking the day off.
Anyway, here.
Do you?
We don't know what he's not doing here.
Hank's just got one of those schedules.
Well, he said he was doing some for ESPN and they was going up to a lieu of only.
He's going to be away for Derby week for a week.
He's got a rough schedule and more power to him.
Here's the fact that says I can't agree more with the guy from F.I.U.
Jeff DeForest effing sucks.
He's the most unlicentable person on the radio in Miami or beyond.
The way he has to say in 100 words what he could have said in five
with those effing stupid ass analogies of his as in...
Brackdom.
Right.
He makes no comments that any idiot doesn't already know.
He knows only what he's written in the hero.
He's the biggest ass sucker ever born.
Doesn't the GM of that station listen to his own effing station?
No.
DeForest blows sincerely Carlos with a name.
For the last name.
See, I respect it more when they sign it.
I think it's a lot more credible like that.
Back when I see it sign like with the real name, I say you know this guy probably
has a point because he signed his name.
Here's Sunrise.
Hello.
Hey, Mr. Rogers, good to see you.
When is he?
I just got back in town and I might say you're a breath of fresh air.
I might say you're a fresh air.
I might say you're a fresh air.
Yes.
But, uh, George, George was a little abrupt.
Last time I was in town, he was in the midst of one of those 80s flashback shows and it was awesome.
I just wanted to thank him.
He was rather abrupt on the, uh, all over there.
Because he's eating lunch right now.
You know, I have to say.
I know he can't be bothered.
Listen now, that guy was wrong about the growth.
A lot of fags in the growth.
How far is there are this guy?
He's in denial.
Oh, like behind that self.
You know that he's very slow.
Well, he's having a good time.
I think he's just being friendly.
I'd like to say that is, what matters?
I know that.
A lot of rainbow flags.
We don't get any calls from Will Manners.
We get no calls from the Grovics.
Have that guy.
We get no calls from South Beach.
And anybody who thinks that this show is loaded with a Fag audience is never met the audience.
And you know what's funny?
I deliver all over South Florida.
I go to Highly, Illinois.
Right.
And I deliver met a C9.
And every time I go to these houses, they never speak English.
But 5.60 QAM is always on the TV.
I have a TV.
There you go.
I'd say one out of every five houses.
I'm not going to get too much action.
I'm going to get too much action.
You're not about to look at it.
When you think of you eating, you don't have a bad picture.
But when you think of Hank eating, you're like, can you regurgitating and burping?
That's a good thing.
You just be proud.
You're a hot, you know?
Excellent point.
God bless you, my friend.
That's what I love you, Neil.
See ya.
All right.
Okay.
Never thought about that, too.
It is a different, a horse of a different color, you know?
I mean, my eating, I'm a little more dainty in the way I eat, you know?
But Hank is, you just shovels it down.
Which is fine.
But it's not something we want to listen to on here in the middle of the afternoon.
We don't want to hear Hank eating, filling his face on here.
Because first of all, it's not good for him, especially now that he's not a diabetic anymore.
Does anybody believe that?
No.
You know, as my doctor was real diplomatic, he said it, I think it's a little irresponsible.
If his doctor, if Hank's doctor really did say that to him, that he's not diabetic anymore,
because one blood test, his blood sugar was okay, then his doctor ought to be taking out
in the backyard right here and put out of his misery, okay?
Before he dispenses any more bull crap.
And like I said, we're going to be hearing from Princess Diana a little later.
She's just announced she's not dead.
Find anymore.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
I think I could be wrong, but I think Hank is a little bit uptight about that stuff.
I'm trying to loosen him up on that, okay?
Even the fat thing, he's a little bit sensitive about that.
I've gotten the moey from that.
But the diabetes thing, for quite some time after he was diagnosed with diabetes,
which is several months ago, he never talked about it, which is his business.
But I think he's a little bit uptight about that.
Like, somehow if you admit you're diabetic, it's bad for your image.
You know what I'm saying?
I'm diabetic. I'm not happy about it because it's bad for my diet.
It's what it's bad for.
Because now I can't eat all the things that I love.
It's like my pasta.
Basta la pasta.
Of course, my image how much can more.
Can you hear it? That's a good point.
Here's a Delray Beach. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Mr. Rogers.
Yes, I am.
I just want to...
Are you in the mood to be chasing?
Chasing about one.
The way you pronounce the sabago, it should be sabago.
Yeah.
And when you do the sabago shoes?
We're correct.
Well, you know, the sales hole has never told me that.
And since I've never had a pair of sabago or sabago shoes, how would I know?
But I'm very...
I'm always willing to listen to a reason.
That's a part...
That's a name.
Right.
And it's sabago.
Thank you.
Like tomato or tomato.
Tomato tomato?
I say tomato.
Yeah, and a stado like he.
You got it.
Bueno. I love you.
See ya.
Sabago.
Sure, why would I get upset about that?
I make mistakes all the time.
I be pronouncing stuff bad all the time.
And of course, when you got sales people, I don't, you know, serve it their accounts like John
Penis and doesn't tell me.
I think he just puts a bunch of words on a piece of paper.
Some of which is real old and stailed, by the way.
Just like John Penis is act.
So anyway, you were wrong, Joe.
I'm still like, I can't believe that you would say all those things about Korea.
And don't try to blame me.
You see, it's easy to blame me.
Korean, I have a wonderful close relationship now.
Then I'm working on feverishly.
He's a good guy.
No, seriously.
He's gonna be able to...
What's wrong with that?
You're saying, what does that mean?
Now, one thing you do know after all these years, the last thing, I mean, the last person in the world being as paranoid as I am about, you know,
the last person that would put a move on anybody where I work for obvious reasons, okay?
For obvious reasons.
I mean, glaringly, obvious reasons.
So if you think that I want to get into Korea's pants or something, well, what a horror, what a grotesque thing that is to say.
And like Joe Kostello says, Joe admits he's a good looking guy, but he's got a bald spot.
Well, when you look at Korea for the front, you don't see his bald spot.
Bald spot.
And you're the one that said it was probably his date.
It was his mother.
Could not have been his date, okay?
He doesn't date ladies that of that age.
And his mother's in his her 50s, which he looks good though.
But then again, she's Jewish.
Oi!
Well, taken care of.
That's why we have all these Jewish women that look to be 95 down here because, you know, their husbands are all, well, pushing up daisies.
And the women, after they've nagged them all their lives, the women are still doing great.
Spread them and say cheese.
Well, I hate what they're doing on QAF.
Look, that's back and back on again.
I want what they had before.
He's not my kind of guy.
What the hell are they doing anyway?
They're from Italy down the dime, really, James.
I want more and more.
Ghost voice is real high.
When I listen to this voice, a manly voice won't get my attention.
But we're really getting the sense of this, George.
A sweetly high voice will get the interaction.
Well, I hate what they're doing on QAF.
Look, that back and back on again.
I'm going to live here and straight in with what's this high.
Now I'll have to get deeper in that closet again.
So I'm going to press all the machoal crayons.
The jet-cassoon is four at night.
They'll pay the sign.
Yeah, there ain't nothing like that.
But macho's forage guys, his voice has had some traction.
They were 12 years old.
They can't go like that.
They have to stand up real close to the radio.
They're going to press the sound.
Get their voices out of there.
Really makes for all those things going in.
That crow, man.
He's harder than my infrared crow.
14 is 5.50 WQM.
Anyway, I just found out some devastating news.
I mean, some news that I may never recover from.
Come to find out the inside word is the Cory Saven is a Harry Jew.
Harry, they make razors for that.
I'm sorry.
Something that's an even bigger turn off than Harry to me is guys who shave their bodies.
Let me just tell you that going back to the list we were compiling a couple of weeks ago,
straight guys don't shave the hair off their bodies.
If there's any straight guys listening to me right now, one or two,
don't be shaving the hair off your body because that makes you gay.
Be on the shadow of it out.
That makes you in a way screaming fag.
Now, you tell me that Joe Costello was sitting in there,
shaved the hair off his Italian body, his balls, or bald.
He shaved the hair off his balls.
How would you know?
He gives me a lot of hat.
We did a show.
We did three shows on body hair.
You did a show on balls?
Well, maybe you're balls.
Yeah.
And Joe Costello shaved his balls.
With what?
Not with a razor, I hope.
With a razor?
Shave your balls with a razor.
Are you crazy?
Oh my god.
So anyway, getting back to that, you know, speaking of this fag stuff and depot and morning show,
yeah, nice going, guys.
Like I said, he's off to list two.
Getting back to the, you know, it's interesting.
Have you noticed one thing about those three guys?
Any time that one of their sports, their ads calls and takes a shot at me,
almost every time it's always, oh, that's a fag hockey show.
Or that's a, well, whatever, the word fag is always included.
Or like the guy to call it just yesterday about, well,
the rumors that we're going to have new arrangers do the game,
but he's not of the right persuasion to do the Panther game.
Something like that.
There's always this homophobia that comes along with it.
And you know what the response always is.
Every time in the 15 months I've been on this station,
always it's like Simon and Garfuck will say, the sounds of silence.
Now, if somebody called, if I were black,
and somebody called a morning show on this station,
it said, well, you know, that nigger that's on in midday, yeah.
I mean, obviously they would like to go ballistic and they would hang up
and start, you know, ripping a guy and ask.
But because they feel that it makes them more jock worthy.
You know what I'm saying?
More part of the jock sniffers out there.
Oh, yeah, well, we're not going to say anything,
but we know what you mean.
He's a fag.
I got news for it.
We got plenty of fags around this building.
Okay.
Plenty of fags.
I'm not going to mention any names today.
But five, six, seven, oh, five, six.
And no, seriously, have you ever noticed that every time one of these sports
nerds calls that a morning show?
And of course, they can't do anything else to knock this show,
because obviously it's so far superior to that show.
And the ratings are so far away and above, even with the fact
that they're boosting up my numbers.
So they just sit back and pretend all three of them have got a lock jaw.
Even that knock-need big-headed goofball from the West Coast,
even a little dog.
Like, they just swallowed something.
And wouldn't be surprised if they all three of them did.
Like a clam or something.
Here's a mobile and four-letteredale.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil, how you doing?
Great.
I'm calling to find out why it is that you don't have my cousin,
Miriam, cut your hair anymore.
Miriam found a life.
Miriam got married, as you should know, if that's your cousin.
Yeah, and she has a beautiful baby girl.
And she's got a life now.
In addition to which I don't want to mess up our new studio,
I actually have a great barber now that cuts my hair.
But we do love Miriam.
Just because she got married and has a kid doesn't mean she can't cut your hair anymore.
Well, George don't want her around anymore.
Now that she's here.
I do.
She didn't return my last call or two.
I can't remember.
But I don't want to cut my hair in here.
I have a great barber.
Oh, no kid.
Yeah.
Oh, I just called to find out.
Give her a big kiss for us, we love her.
I'll do that.
She speaks very highly of you.
And she should.
Okay.
See ya.
We love Miriam.
Haven't heard from her in a dog's age.
She what?
Now what were you saying?
Were you getting a little that on the side, too, by the way?
Huh?
About a year ago.
You know, it's how you pass this by and these things,
because his wife might be listening.
She's into the sofa.
I wanted to message for her.
For Miriam.
And hey, we're over here.
We're in our new studio.
Did you leave a message?
Right.
And we're here.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, eight, pound, five, six, eight.
I'm the 18th.
You see, one thing about Drew just wife.
She is a sweetheart.
She's a wonderful person.
One of the nicest and very naive.
Where we go?
She knows all that.
Good.
Here's, uh, and probably participating.
Here's Orlando.
Hello.
New guy.
Yes, sir.
Uh, this probably going to be one of your better phone calls.
If I could change a subject real quick.
Go right ahead, sir.
This is anything you want.
That's what this show is all about.
The audience doesn't understand that.
Maybe someday before I croak they'll get the message.
This is whatever you want as long as I like it.
I heard that.
And it's not?
Okay.
Close.
I just went through a nasty divorce with my wife.
Those are the nastiest ones with your wife.
Uh huh.
Well, we went to court and all this to get custody of the kids.
Yeah.
Now, I'm, I am an atheist.
You know, I don't believe in any of that.
You know, that's very important.
Yeah.
And, um, you know, everything was going good.
I was getting ready to get my kids and she got up on the stand and she told the judge.
He is teaching our children not to believe in Jesus that there is no God.
Oh, I see.
That there is no, uh, you know, after all of it's faith.
No devil.
You know, and I said no purgatory.
And that, you know, I was right.
I was trying to explain them.
I'm just being honest with them because when they get older and find out for themselves,
they're going to resent me for why?
That's right.
And the judge heard about this that I was trying to teach in this and she now has custody
of my kids because of that.
Oh my God.
And, uh, I thought this was going to be a good call.
It's depressing.
It is depressing, you know, but it just goes to show you where this, uh,
Well, don't forget where you are.
You're in Orlando, right?
Yeah.
Oh my God.
You're going to hit down about 500 people.
Right.
Just a little on the outskirts of Orlando.
I don't know.
I've just, I've just thrown my hands up in the air.
I'm fed up with everything.
I don't blame him.
I think it's time.
Okay.
I'll, good luck to you.
Don't do it.
Okay.
Or if you want to.
So by the way, everybody now, Jason's in their given inspired reports.
He's seen Corey naked and he said he looked like a walking ape.
He's so hairy, which I think is getting a little curate away.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
So we got Joe Costello, shaved his balls.
Corey is, uh, as Harry went.
And he's trying to get not only the trying to get me to do the same thing.
But, uh, he was also shaved, shaved your balls.
He says we're nuts if we don't shave.
Maybe Joe will do it for him since he's the expert.
Believe me, I know how these guys work.
Trust me.
I'm going to rule.
I know how, you know, how you get these things started.
Oh, here.
Let me just see if I can trim those for you a little bit.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
Next thing, you know, whoops.
Next thing, you know, somebody's having lunch.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&D wireless line.
Joe wants to go on record as saying that intern Shannon likes it shaved also.
And how about his balls?
Here's a mobile, a mobile Hollywood, hello.
Nail.
Yes, sir.
You call that color back in Orlando.
It's going to be easy.
Come on and jump off to that 17-seat, god, wave, bridge.
You're running over here.
Yeah.
Okay, go get some material, pal.
Call us back in about 10 years when you find some.
Go give the bridge that are big kiss on his poos.
I hear he's got one 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&D wireless line.
Remember that song about Joe Costello? He's an old smoothie.
Here's Evan Ture, hello.
Hey, Nail.
We got some kinky backers in this place.
Uh-huh.
Next thing you know, you're having lunch.
I lost to it, darling.
I got three things to tell you.
Okay.
The first team sucks.
Uh-huh.
Second.
I'm going to be surprised to be in the closet.
You know, I met DeFo and Vegas like a few years ago.
Yeah.
The biggest prick in the world.
The second thing is, Evan, look.
When I listen to a sports show, I really don't care what the guys eating manners are.
Hank is a guy that gives you the stuff straight.
No, no.
The guy that said he was not authoritative or something like that.
I would part company on that.
Hank's the, of all the people at this radio station.
I mean, he's heads and shoulders in terms of actually knowing what's going on.
And because he named drops a lot and tossed all these people and usually has a pretty good idea of what's going on.
Not only that, but even though he does occasionally kiss their ass when he has them on the ear like Jimmy, but he can't help that.
He's got to do the Jimmy Johnson show, you know.
Yeah, but he doesn't present things in a sensational way.
He just says it like it is.
That's why I like him.
Thirdly, uh, that caller called earlier and said that you should do a play by play.
I think that's a great idea, man.
You would really, uh...
Well, I should be doing the Panther games.
I'm the greatest hockey announcer since Bill Hewitt died.
I'll tell you that right now.
Well, that remains a big deal.
I'm not saying that.
It'd be good if you gave it a shot.
And fourth, I shaved.
Well, you don't think Wayne is going to hire me, though, do you, sir?
With all, with all of our duty spec?
Well, Wayne hates you, man.
Right.
And, uh...
And another thing.
I'm straight, man.
And I shaved my balls.
And, uh...
I don't think that has anything to do with being gay.
I didn't say it did.
I just said that there could be a way.
I'd be very careful because if somebody says,
you want me to shave your balls for you because I did it myself and I'm the expert.
No, seriously.
Don't tell me what I'm saying.
In other words, if you said to some guy who's a friend of yours,
here, it's really a great thing and the chicks love it.
And let me show you how it works.
Wouldn't you think that the guy would like run like a son of a bitch?
That's a bit home-washed, right?
I'm going to tell you something.
This is a tip to all of us.
I'm going to go around shaving every other guy's balls in the place like Joe Katselva is here.
That's not worrying about him.
He's a good guy, but he's a good guy.
But keep in mind, he's Roman.
He's a titan.
You know those Roman.
Yeah, he's a little like it, yeah.
But let me tell you one thing.
All of this, uh...
This is a tip to all you guys out there.
Your women will love you for it if you trim and cut and keep that thing in shape.
You love that trim, yeah.
They'll love it.
Take care, Neil.
Okay, see you, pal.
Okay, shade balls.
That's our topic, by the way, for the next six weeks.
Sure, it's you're more appetizing than hearing about all these straight guys with their anal sex.
Correct them.
Oh, boy.
That just wore me out, just hearing about it.
We're most of those women out too, just anticipating.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 50, 60 on the AT.
I mean, now, what I don't want to get too graphic here.
But what does it use, what does it use, near or something?
I mean, what do you...
I assume you use this one.
What do you put on your gonad?
You put shaving cream on your gonads?
Here's my understanding of it, because this is where I...
It puts the lotion in the bathroom.
Yeah, but I took the clippers and get like a number two setting.
Yeah.
And trim everything with the number two.
And then on the scroat itself, you actually have to get the shaving cream and get rid of everything.
Shave that smooth.
Oh, I say it completely smooth, right, on the bag.
On the sack, Jeff.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
And the women are supposed to like that much, much better.
Why?
And I've spoken to a couple that do, and I've spoken to a couple others that say that that would make you get.
Is it easy on their chin? Is that what it is?
Less chinburn?
That's what Monica said.
Well, she played a mean chinball. That's what I heard.
125.
I mean, I'm learning new things every day.
Just what I thought you couldn't learn anymore.
First, the doctor was telling me perverted stories three days ago over his office.
And then, of course, Jeff Coleman was on there before, who's the sicker that all of them put together.
The wear of exploding balls.
I woke up this morning with a feeling of despair.
I let's fall my pussy, but my pussy was a pain.
Well, well, well, my cat fell and the wetter was full.
First, first, first, boy, kitty, kitty, kitty, my cat fell and the wetter was full.
I got her, and I climbed up to my pet bed.
I saw in the juice, that my pussy was soaking wet.
Well, well, well, my cat fell and the wetter was full.
First, first, first, boy, kitty, kitty, my cat fell and the wetter was on my roll and by the bell.
Was she cooler than if she jumped?
But then once the kitty had that pretty ass pussy that fell and the wetter,
then it was a pussy that could quite compare with her.
Really has a sick share with her long and filthy friends.
Well, well, well, well, my cat fell and the wetter was full.
Oh, go see, go see, go see, go see, go see, go see, go see, go see, go see, my cat fell and the wetter was full.
If you have a pussy that you wouldn't try to sell,
then that's a wonder, or she might fall in a well.
Well, well, well, my cat fell and the wetter was full,
first, first, boy, kitty, kitty, my cat fell and the wetter was full.
Oh!
Okay, what's 31 at 5.6?
The internet night overhead back up now again,
because I heard everything that Joey said and their all the admissions,
like it's like going to confession, sitting on the other side with Father's tool.
There you go. I can actually hear it.
I stand by my original statement.
I've given this about 30 seconds of valuation in my mind,
and I stand by what I originally said.
And that is that guys who shave here off any of their body parts, those are the facts.
Okay, I mean, if you want to take it personally, if you want to be offended, I'm sorry,
but guys who shave here off any part of their body, those guys are facts.
Take, believe me, when I tell you, not the face, okay?
Facial hair anywhere below the neckline, okay?
Anywhere below where your necklace comes down.
And I do mean necklace.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Yes, sir.
Yeah. I listen to the first team.
They're mediocre, but you know, something sports is just me.
I listen to them.
Yeah.
I listen to Hank.
The only thing I don't like about Hank sometimes, he'll sit there and he'll say something about someone
and they'll have him on his show and he'll kiss his ass.
I don't like that about Hank.
Yeah.
I like Jim Manich.
I wish he could be on today, by the way, Manich.
I want everybody to be sure they know that.
Right. I think he's funny and entertaining.
Your show is number one.
Our Stern Show is number two.
Chris Bush and Eddie Dordes are two major assholes.
Okay. Say hi to Chris and Tom to get out of our face.
Here's another facts by the way.
The facts are really a full minute amount today.
So it's about time somebody started ripping this Jeff, the florist, and ass.
What delusion is he's suffering?
Where he walks around to just seeing that Hank Goldberg is the problem?
Jeff, you need serious medical treatment, lots and lots of shock treatment.
Then we can work on getting your head out of your ass.
You dip a f***ing shot you.
Get rid of him that helium-filled ass liquor and that other stupid joke in the morning.
You're the problem, Jeff.
The florist get a clue.
You suck.
Although sucking is how you got your job in the first place it says.
And you must have sucked because as much better taste than to let your mouth anywhere in your hectic juicy.
Sine Steve.
Oh, okay.
Only the names have been out to protect the guilty.
Okay.
Getting really pissed off and fired up about that.
5667-0560-0.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Kendall. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Are they firing Christine Amoron?
He's leaving by mutual consent.
He said I'm thinking about leaving and they said don't let the door hitch in your skinny ass on the way out.
I got a beef with you.
Why can't you just look over at Stanley Sea Pantas' little lounge up there when the lights start flashing when the goal goes on?
They're looking at the goal light.
Oh, that's a good point.
I didn't realize it went on up there.
Yeah, there's little things flash all over the place.
Can't you wait for that?
Next year I'll start looking for some little things.
5667-0560-0.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Back with a game when in goal was scored last night by Marcus Nielsen.
Who last night was drawing all during the game with Sakoku.
I guess that they swedish finished thing.
They had a little thing going on, saying my eel is bigger than yours.
But when a winning goal went in there and over time, we were hoping it was over, believe me.
But you really couldn't be sure until everybody started leaving.
I guess it's over and it was over.
Because you can't see the goddamn light.
But don't start picking on it again.
Because I'm through with the season.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Going once. Yes, sir.
Yeah, I think they both start and I think you struck too.
Okay, thank you. And thanks for listening to 5667-0560-0.560-0.560.
See what I try to say.
Another whole audience done actually is out there.
They're grabbing themselves all over and laughing and puking at this guy.
Because every time somebody calls and makes a call like that,
everybody with a brain, the size of a thumbnail of a hang nail knows that this guy is listening.
So what does that say?
Not about us, about him.
What does that tell you?
What does it say?
We all suck.
Now I do suck.
We know that and that's my business.
But this hairless business, I'm sorry.
That's not for this kid.
In fact, I'll tell you what's really freaky.
It's guys that shave like they're chest or they're like any body parts.
And the hair is like just a little bit grown back, you know what I'm saying?
And you feel like that's fuzz.
And it's a dead tip off.
It's a dead giveaway.
Like this is a freak that shaved itself.
You know, what kind of a thing is this?
Joe, here's plantation. Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I just wanted to have some great memories of the famous.
All right, a little bit slow, a little bit late, but better late than ever, yes, sir.
Yeah, when I grew up, it was sort of like the preliminary to Joe's stone crab.
You would go there, there were lines out.
Oh, Joe's stone crabs.
Now you ruined my whole day.
Why do you bring that over?
Oh, just that.
It was lines out.
The block deep had crap luck and chop liver.
Yeah.
And the best crap luck in town.
Right.
You know, so it was like a food or a tea for all the Jews in town.
You could have shaved your balls in the middle of the famous, and no one would have noted this.
Yeah, it's right over there.
You're absolutely right.
They were too engrossed in the fried crepe lock and the kisky, right?
That fried crepe lock, I've tried to duplicate it's impossible.
Yeah.
But it was great.
Well, what a sin that was when those two Julio guys bought it out and tried to reopen it and started being like it said in the Howard Kleinbergs article
that they replaced the chicken soup with lobster bisque.
Yeah.
How do they understand it only?
Go and eat lobster bisque.
What the hell was that about?
I remember repeating a deli meal with lobster bisque.
But whenever my parents wanted to get taken out to dinner, that's where they wanted to go.
Well, they must have excellent taste.
It was like a Romanian steak smothered in onions.
Oh, I remember that.
That was the best.
Fantastic.
And a hundred million.
A hearing goulash.
They had great cimmus and heavy seris.
Right.
And it was just a great place.
And now no more cimmus.
We just got the tourists.
That's all we got left.
That's exactly right.
God bless you, sir.
Take care.
Zagazan.
See, finally, it took a couple of days.
I told Howard Klein we're going to game last night.
That was one of the great columns ever written.
We got no response about it.
Because what do you expect?
You know, just like we got no response about Bill Wendell died.
Bill Wendell died from the David Letterman show.
Does anybody in this audience remember Bill Wendell?
No.
Huh?
I don't understand.
What does anybody got to do to impress these dollars that we have down here to make an impression with you?
To make you feel like if they croak.
I mean, everybody's got to croak someday.
And it's not like I was 40 years old.
I was 70 or 75, which is an ancient.
But it's, you know, that was his time.
But they just don't give a crap.
Who else was at the time?
Oh, and of course, what's his name?
Tony Nulley.
They're having parties that he died.
Anthony Nulley.
He had a style that was so...
And he used to do Vegas, too, by the way.
He met that naked pictures of some mobsters or something.
The most disgusting, nauseating, puke-inducing style.
He was like a cross between Jim Neighbors and Queen Elizabeth.
Or whichever Queen you want to put in there.
Maybe when they changed his balls.
I can't believe that.
I mean, first of all, the fact that you do it, that's one thing.
But to go around advertising it.
No, but he wouldn't have known unless you told him.
Why do you tell another guy that you shaved your balls?
He tells everybody.
And then he goes to get a wax job three times a week.
He's got waxy build up on the building.
If you're not shaving your...
Yeah, I'll...
So your guy like him shouldn't be that desperate that he has to cow-toe to some of the broads wishes.
No, seriously.
He should be able to have his pick just like Cory in there.
All the more so Cory, because Cory's a better looking guy than Joe.
Joe's okay. Cory is a good looking guy.
Now, why do you give me a look like that?
You know that's true.
Sure you do.
You have a Roman nose.
If you had a nose like Cory, why don't you and Cory swap noses?
Huh?
And here.
Yeah, and you can take a little bit of his hair and put it back on your balls.
And then you have some self-respect instead of shaving your balls because your girlfriend likes it that way.
Man, who's the pussy in this relationship, huh?
She likes it that way.
Man.
Gross, grow up here.
Man, maybe you shaved one of them off.
Maybe that's the problem.
Maybe Gildi.
Maybe that's what I understand.
That Gildi used to have a deep battle like a Westbrook Venn worries voice.
And then Joe turned him on to shaving your balls.
That would be good.
Gildi was getting a lot of action.
Maybe that's the reason why.
I can't think of any other reason.
Plus being hung like a crocodile.
What a place this is, man.
I'm surrounded by perverts.
I'll tell you what.
You know how sick this place is.
When I'm the one that's normal, okay?
By comparison, you know this is a sick goddamn place.
21 till 2 at 560 WQM.
If you're suffering from hair loss,
if you have a ball spot like Cory Sabin,
and you're not happy with what you see in the mirror these days,
go see my friend Charles Alfieri.
That's what I should do is go hook the,
uh, Cory up with Charles Alfieri,
building that little ball spot he's got.
Then Joe would be psychotic.
Then what would you have to rip then, huh?
Then you'd be, then you'd be standing out in the hallway.
They're scraping him off.
Whatever they are.
Looking for the glory hole.
Come shape my leg.
Don't let them hairry again.
Please use your eyes again.
I'm a few years from now.
I won't get any next.
Come shape my leg.
Yeah.
144 560 WQM.
We have a note here that was slipped out of the door from somebody back in sales.
It's unsigned, but it's interesting because it says that,
Roy!
He's known to have shaved his chocolate salty.
Okay, where we going?
We have an open line in the summer.
560 7 0 560,
pound 560 on the 18 T-Werhooth could that have been from in sales by the way?
Who was writing that about?
Roy!
Here's Hollywood. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
It's just simple to settle.
What you asked yourself.
How do you like your balls?
How do I like my balls?
I don't know.
I'm not double-jointed.
Are you?
I like Ron Jeremy.
I like my, I would like a little Pomodoro sauce on it, if you want to.
And certainly no bread crumbs.
Lots of carbohydrates.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil. How you doing?
Great.
Listen, I wanted to...
I hope, uh, Hank's listening to the show today.
I don't know where he is today.
He's in that town.
I don't know where the hell he is.
Well, I'll tell you.
Um, he's the most annoying show host I've ever heard.
Really?
Oh, please.
He's like, I heard the caller earlier saying, you know, he always acts like he knows what he's talking about.
And so blatant that he's reading everything.
He's got some guy whispered in his ear.
Uh, he doesn't know anything about anybody.
And he loves to cut people off.
And he loves to chew people out.
And, you know, after he hangs up on him, he gives them all kinds of business.
Yeah.
Uh, I mean, I'm sympathetic.
He's sympathetic.
And I mean, the morning guys will really know they're joking.
They're more of a comedy than anything, because they really don't know proof either.
But I'll tell you, they ain't Goldberg.
I can live without him big time.
Okay, pal.
I'll pass along.
Thank you so much.
No too late.
Here's one that says, can you imagine if you put Jeff DeForce with the dolphin, Marlon, heat jock, and Pete Boulder with Dave Ross in the same room?
It would be suction infinity.
The universe would implode it would be the end of time.
For whatever that means.
Yeah, these people, I'm going to tell you again, guys who shaved the hair off their body parts.
So that man's a freak.
Exactly.
I couldn't say the better myself.
Guys who shaved that fancy, the guy they called before, because I have seen a few pair in my time.
And if I had to encounter the guy with shaved Goneads, I would immediately say.
So that man's a freak.
And one like hell the other way.
So you're safe, Joe.
That's good.
That's, we all feel better now.
There's like a sigh of relief.
Joe is safe.
Cory is safe.
Till he gets the Charles healthy area.
Or maybe we can just transplant the hair from the rest of the body.
I'm that bald spot on his head.
That would be good.
And a little left over for Joe to put back where they belong.
Now seriously, what kind of a guy is that much of a woman?
You don't want to remind me of.
I thought this many, many times.
And for some reason I never think to talk about it on the year.
What kind of guys drive around?
Have you ever let your wife drive when you go on somewhere?
No.
See, there you go.
See, I told you George is a real man.
He's not a matter of let.
Would he, in other words, he doesn't want to?
Of course.
So what would come up?
It's just not done.
No question who would be driving.
Exactly.
There you go.
In other words, it doesn't happen.
But I see guys who are like either they're girlfriends or their wives or both are driving.
And maybe it's their car.
Okay, I still want to make a difference to me.
I still feel, maybe this is a sexist thing.
In fact, it probably is.
But guys generally speak how much better drivers than women.
If there's a guy out there who admits in his mind that his girlfriend or wife
or grandma or whoever it is, it's a better driver than a guy out there who walk.
You know?
I don't understand.
I see that all the time.
Women driving and the guy, the husband, the boyfriend, the whoever he is, is sitting there
and she's doing a drive.
I said, why is that?
Why is that?
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Great.
All right.
This is Levi.
I'm the first time calling.
I just want to say, first off, Dan Marino is number one.
I'm the second time.
You're number one.
I'm the second time.
What about you?
Well, what about you, Dan Marino, have to do with what we're talking about today, Chris?
No, no.
You want to do one of those one-dimensional dolphin nerds?
No.
Yes, I am, but I'll go out.
Well, get out of here, then.
I don't want to hear from you, okay?
Call after two.
Matt Duggle talked to you.
He's obsessed with Dan Marino.
He's got a Dan Marino blow up the hall at home that he borrowed from Joe Rose.
Well, Joe is not several.
He's got a pair.
Tommy also says, speaking of pair.
He's nuts?
Yes, and he has them, too.
Well, what do you look so, what does that mean?
Didn't you just tell him that?
Then how do you know that?
Joe just told me.
Did somebody outside tell you that?
I don't want to mention any names.
Yeah, I know his girlfriend.
What's his name?
She's a very nice woman.
Oh, you notice I didn't notice that.
Tommy got a haircut.
No, he didn't.
Turn around.
Oh, the side.
Yeah, I got a little trimmed.
Yeah, he got a little...
That could be the scrotum right there.
For all you know, it might be.
For all the hair.
He's got for that ponytail.
I don't know.
I mean, this is just becoming so complex.
I'm just overwhelmed by it.
I can't stand it.
I can't deal with it.
But we are going to get you some new tracks you go, Tommy.
That's a good news.
You're going to have to learn to start running real, real fast.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello.
Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
Listen, first of all, I love you, show.
Of course.
Second of all, I will not listen to the first team.
And third of all, you're talking about the shaving thing.
Well, I called George.
I'm a straight guy.
And I shave.
I shave my chest.
I shave my stomach.
Oh, my God.
Now, listen.
Yeah, we believe you.
When you are flipping through the ads and the newspaper or something on magazine, you see
one of these underwear models, okay, or a big billboard cap.
Never see a guy with hair.
Never.
But you do understand most models are, I don't want to say the word, you know.
Fruity.
Right, right, there you go.
That's okay.
But that's how I like to look.
You want to look at fruity?
No, fruity of the moon.
Sporty, it's a modern look.
70s, you had your shirt on buttoned down to your public.
Right.
And with the big burr-vandled hairy chest and the bad haircut.
Yeah, that's a human thing, though.
That's right.
That's a disgusting human.
Because they're living in the past, you know, like in Venezuela and Caracas.
Right.
And I'm also a regular.
And they don't realize he did.
To touch on this thing about letting your girlfriend drive.
Yeah.
My girlfriend has a very, very expensive car that her father gave her, you know.
Yeah.
But whenever we're going someplace, I always like to drive.
Just because when she drives, she drives like she's gotten no place to go.
You know what I'm saying?
She drives like she's got some kind of song in her head.
Right.
And she drives like some kind of bad show to it.
You know what I'm saying?
That's right.
That, yeah, excellent.
This is my kind of guy.
I even overlooked the shaving the body parts.
This guy wants to get from point A to point B and I go out there and diddly doodling around.
I can't stand people getting the highway who are diddly doodling around.
Now, sometimes I feel bad, you know, because her car is so much better than mine.
Yeah.
I don't want her to think that I want to drive it because it's better.
But it's like, hey, you know what?
If we're going to take your car because I got a Jeep and the Jeep doesn't have AC and the seats don't listen to that.
But hey, you know, I want to get there.
You want to take this car?
Then hey, I'm driving.
Excellent.
Love your show and default.
You smell.
Oh, man.
Seems like Jeff DeFloris has imploded upon his own words this morning running around a building during the pot.
By the way, speaking of pot, we're going to be smoking some weed on the show tomorrow to close out a nice week.
Can't smoke cigarettes.
Can't smoke pipes.
Can't smoke even cigars.
A good cigar in here is what the deal is.
But nobody ever said anything about smoking a little bit of the good herbs in here.
And all my doctor friends tell me that those herbs are good for you.
People are spending a fortune to get those St. John's warts and all the other good stuff.
There's nothing like a little herb to make you feel better.
