Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
The top to Neil called 567 0560 toll free for date and
rarer or pound 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily
reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions or the Beasley broadcast groups.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
It works the lotion in the basket.
Welcome.
Welcome.
We're all free wide and firm retention.
Here's our big bag.
It's a job we made way right.
Yeah, we all look and rest the same and hate the game and she's the same.
And fear the things that we don't understand.
Make it make sense was like us.
Will his face could stop above?
Yes.
So I think we all should give up a bit of hair.
Okay.
And I'm six will be in swing and beat the dims like a rotten king.
Will jump red and blue just keep the white.
A little boss better straight.
She's from a death near your place.
And hope there's no more books for him to cry.
We lean way right.
Oh.
And meditation.
We find a bunch of diamonds and then we block the doors.
We're mostly white and firm retention.
It's not the bad you said.
Oh, come on.
We're making money.
Oh, right.
We have three or five, six, seven, seven, happy Tuesday, three.
So anyway, before I get into the Larry Flint business, nice going Larry Flint.
Larry Flint for president.
We already had one president in the wheelchair.
What's wrong with that?
Larry Flint for president.
But before I get into that, I solved a problem yesterday.
I'm the problem solver.
Man, just leave it to me.
Just leave it to me.
Dale, come on.
Well, this was a personal problem.
It was a problem.
What do you do when you're in the car?
And you're listening to things and they get more annoying and annoying and just fiddle around, fiddle around.
I think it happened about 2.25 yesterday afternoon, Eastern Standard Time.
And I was driving home.
I was on the turn bike.
I'll never forget it as long as I live.
And Hank Goldberg said, Marty Shottenheim was resigned as the head coach of the Kansas City Chiefs.
Let's hear what Marty had to say.
Why he resigned.
And then we went to one of those press conferences.
And you know what I did?
I reached over and I went, click.
And then I reached over and I decided that I had all these CDs in my comes.
And all of a sudden I felt so much better.
I felt like I've been liberated like a human being.
Seriously, what do you laugh at about that?
I will never listen to the radio in Miami again as long as I live.
You can take it to the bank.
You can bet your life, not mine, but you can bet your life.
True story.
We'll never listen again.
And like yesterday we had another one of these calls.
We get about one or two of them a week, every week, every week of my life.
We get them.
You've pissed off so many people.
You've alienated so many people.
That's the excuse.
Okay. And of course, then this guy denies that, well, I just listened once in a while.
I'm a radio accident again.
Right.
Bull crap.
You're walking, Bull Crafster.
We get so many of those.
So I've solved your problem.
If you don't like what I say on the show, because I got news for it, I'm not changing anything.
I'm going to continue sitting here opening up my mouth telling life.
That's what they pay me for to tell it the way I see it.
Okay.
Whether anybody likes it or not, I don't care what the, in fact, I hope that most people don't like it.
Or that a lot of people don't like it.
Because most people are out of step with reality.
Like all the religious nuts.
Like the ones we had all kind of found out yesterday.
Like the guy who's busy laying to fill in right now.
He's wrapping the straps around his thing.
Sir, I'm telling you, I'm begging you.
Sounded like a almost worthwhile human being disabled.
Why not get yourself some serious assistance before it's too late?
Are scientific friends out there that wraps the straps around his arms until the circulation stops?
Because he was raised in a very, very sad fashion.
And because he doesn't have the mental power or the emotional capacity to emancipate himself from that bullcrap.
And it makes him feel good to do it.
In other words, he's into SNM.
All right.
A lot of people in the SNM.
And most people, of course, are condemned for being an SNM.
I don't know why.
If that's what they like.
If that's what turns them on.
If they're not, I was going to say if they're not hurting anybody.
But if it lies, that's a bad way to put it.
If they're not hurting anybody who doesn't want to be hurt.
Then who the hell cares.
So anyway, I solved my radio problem yesterday.
Nice going.
You'll never listen to radio in this town again.
And I'll be a lot happier for it.
Then I don't have to come on here and express my dismay.
You know, I can't, I don't try to tell people what to do.
But I can't express my dismay over things that I hear.
Like Rick Riley trying to be a stock market analyst.
And about these press conferences, which do I will grant you kill a lot of time.
But God, are they born?
Fine.
Let everybody do it.
Because they're not programming to me anyway.
They're programming to somebody else.
Which is great.
I appreciate that.
I'll listen to my music and have a great time doing it.
Hostler, publish your calls, Clinton Critic Hypocrite.
This is so great.
This couldn't happen to a better little not so you know it?
Then Bob Barr.
Didn't make your morning newspapers because for some reason,
did you see the time that Reuters released this 5.22 this morning, Eastern time?
So for whatever reason, I guess just after two o'clock at the morning on the West Coast,
they released this.
I have no idea why.
I'll Los Angeles.
Sex Magazine published your Larry Flint said Monday his probe to expose
hypocritical US politicians showed Clinton's full Republican representative,
Bob Barr, had an affair while married and paid for his former wife's abortion.
Ow!
I want you to keep in mind.
Bob Barr isn't just one of these people who jumped on the ban on the impeachment ban wagon
after Monica gate.
Bob Barr is such a rabid white winger.
He's been screaming for Clinton to be impeached since today he got elected the first time.
He's been a rabid impeachment man.
Even before there was ever any Monica, any blow jobs, anybody knew about.
He's a lunatic, a right-wing extremist of the worst kind.
And of course, a goody-two shoes right-winger who never stole a freight train
and is a right-to-life fanatic too, but whose wife had an abortion.
Is that's why.
Appearing at a news conference in Los Angeles,
the House of Representatives published Larry Flint said he had a sworn affidavit
from Barr's second wife, Gail Vogel-Barr, saying the anti-abortion Georgia congressman
took her to have an abortion in 1983 and paid for the procedure while they were still married.
Oh my God.
Bob, a member of the House of Representatives, Judiciary Committee,
which voted to impeached President Clinton, was not available for comment,
but Flint said he had a letter from him calling the publisher's charges false and salacious.
A spokesman for Barr did not return several calls,
but the cable news network reported Tuesday that Barr had issued a statement in which he declined to discuss his personal life.
He declined to discuss it.
But the statement added, I have never purgeed myself according to CNN.
I've never suggested urged forth.
There encouraged anyone to have an abortion.
The statement said according to CNN.
Flint said that Barr paid the second Mrs. Barr for, or no, that he paid.
Mrs. Barr for information, although he declined to say how much he received a million-dollar reward he's offered
for damaging information about politicians.
Flint added, Barr drove her to the abortion clinic, picked her up afterward.
He paid for the abortion. She's a very nice lady. They have two children and she really doesn't want to hurt him.
But she is destitute now.
There's nothing that'll change someone's moral outlook quicker than cash in large sums.
And it goes on to be continued in just a second, including in just a moment the name of the next one,
who's going to be outed, allegedly, even bigger fish defried than Barr Barr.
Or, okay, I'm just salivating. I mean, I'm erect just waiting for the moment if this is really true.
When you find out who it is and the essence of what his misdeeds may have been, his transgressions against the Lord.
It is so hard.
Come on.
Two, here we wait for him to come on in.
He's still so many facts.
Oh!
He's got some work of art from a woman's rank.
Who's just as wild and woollen.
They call on him to see the few and.
Who's doesn't use the dirty job and he's a man to do it.
So I can use his dirty job.
So I can use his dirty job.
Who's just as wild and woollen.
And I hate to go outside.
You can do out of business.
So he's going out of his head.
He'll bring you onto pieces.
But since it's got some good food,
but since I can use the dirty job and it gets him off to do it.
So I can use the dirty job.
So I can use the dirty job.
So I can use the dirty job.
1014-560-12
All of the recent performing lessons with these top bar great.
You know, just talking up the mustache in the hair.
You get rid of those glasses, by the way, then for the image.
Come to hair down over the side of the forehead.
So anyway, it goes on to say this is word is news.
Flint also said that Bob Bard during divorce proceedings in 1985 against Gail Vogelbar had invoked a Georgia law akin to the Fifth Amendment to refuse to answer questions on whether he had an affair with a woman who would later become his third wife.
The woman, Jirulan and Dobin also refused to answer questions on the Roto-Batia leds' affair.
Flint said they showed the hypocrisy of those seeking to remove the present from office and an impeachment trial revolving around Clinton's affair with former White House intern Monica Wensky and affair the Clinton denied.
For seven months, Flint denied that the White House had helped him in his campaign or had any role.
But Republican National Committee Chairman Jim Nicholson demanded in the statement that Clinton and the tactics of sexual terrorism and put your buddy Larry Flint back in the plain-brown paper wrapper where he belongs.
Flint said his information was the opening salvo of his campaign to expose politicians with double standards and said he had even bigger fish to fry than Bob Bard along with seven lesser Republicans.
He said his next expose would include a videotape of a politician holding hands with a woman, not his wife, and going into a warehouse.
Late last year, Louisiana Congressman Bob Livingston gave up his chance to become a house speaker after he learned that Flint plan to expose several affairs that he had.
We still don't know how many, by the way, several numerous as we can't count that high. Flint said that the second Mrs. Barr had an abortion of the couple's third child for medical reasons and underwent treatment for breast cancer about a year later.
He drove it to the hospital, he paid for the abortion and then he lied about it and also had the affair and lied about that or refused to talk about it.
Now the rumor is that where's the drumroll? Do we have a drumroll?
Rumor is the next big fish to fry. This is rumored not definite, not positive. Hold your breath. Are you ready? Can you stand it? Walk on your seatbelt. Wrap yourself in real tight.
Oh! Bigger fish to fry is heavily rumored to be Trent Lot, who's supposed to, okay, I've tightened up the straps a little bit tighter, okay?
Make sure that you don't fall out of it. If you're standing, put yourself in a sitting position immediately if not soon, okay? If you're driving off to the side of the road, please, for your own safety.
The bigger fish to fry is heavily rumored to be Trent Lot, who supposedly had Hanki Panky with two guys while in college.
Oh my God.
Wow. Next we'll find out that he also had an alcohol problem and a club dominion problem. Maybe that's why he likened all of us lumped them all together.
Trent Lot with two guys in college. Now, you know, I've said this before during these months that we've had all of us ongoing.
I've tried to avoid talking about it too much because it is ponderous, but now it's coming to good juicy stuff. This is good.
This is the kind of stuff that America can really sink their teeth, collective teeth into. We love it. Because there's nothing worse than a goddamn hypocrite than a goody-two shoes, whether it's Jim Baker, whether it's Jerry Falwell, whether it's Jimmy Swaggerd, any of these bastards, Pat Robertson,
whose wife, by the way, had that the baby just a few months. What was it? Five or six months after they were married? Well, they considered it a very fine guy.
The day that they did it, that's the day that God hired him. He stuck his... That's the day that they were married in the eyes of the Lord, right?
Because he said, good God, that was pretty good. Or something like that.
All these sanctimonious hypocrites, which I've been calling them ever since these proceedings, began, by the way.
And there are a bunch of liars too. You'll notice that during the House Judiciary Committee hearings, and then during the General House hearings, they kept saying,
oh, well, we're just a fact-finding group here. It's not up to us to convict or acquit. It's up to us to put all the facts together, present it to the Senate, and then they hold the trial. And they make the final decision.
But now, somebody's right, when Moody Ticks are saying, well, you know, you're going to raise the bar, not Bob Bar, but the Crow Bar.
You're going to raise the bar for impeachment to just treason and a couple of other things if you don't get removed from office.
So they're not satisfied that the Senate can sit down and evaluate the evidence. They're foaming at the mouth, frantic, paranoid, that they're not going to get the 67 votes they need.
And isn't it interesting that on that Senate, on the House Judiciary Committee was Bob Bar?
Isn't that interesting? And isn't also interesting that Newt Gingrich resigned because he was on the list.
Notorious, like I've told you months ago, notorious, talking about blow jobs. Well, he didn't sleep with him anyway. Well, that's why he liked the blow jobs, because then he could say, well, he didn't sleep with the bitch.
Not to mention, of course, the fact that he was screwing around on the sidewall still married to his first wife who was dying of cancer in the hospital and had the audacity to bring the divorce papers for her signature in hospital as she later in the end of the bed, dying of cancer.
Nice going, Noob. Help a guy.
So we're not saying, I'm not sitting here saying, you know, that they're bad guys because they screwed around because most people screw around.
I know that a lot of you think the most liars would look at him during the morning and evidently have convening Alzheimer's. I know a lot of people who have that C.A. I call it convened Alzheimer's when it's convenient to forget about all the additling that you've done during your lifetime.
And of course, most of these guys are guys in their late 40s, 50s, 60s. What you've lived long enough is that long. You had plenty of time to do a lot of dizzling.
I mean, I was sitting here reading the story this morning and thinking to myself, could I begin to even count?
Could I begin at my ripe old age? Could I begin to count the number of people I've did around within my life?
No. Not even close. I can't count that high. Is there any chance I could recount every one of those?
No. I mean, I'd like to do some of Mover again. But, I mean, you know, this is life. This is real life. And of course, the media, what is that? Who's banging on hockey now? Where is that?
Right above our head. See, I told it is a lot more banging going on than you are aware of. Some of it were to our heads.
Which I could say a lot about that, but I guess I won't because I need the job. But at any rate, a lot of naked pictures up there in the third floor.
So there you are. There you have it. Bob are today. Could it possibly be Trent lot tomorrow? And who after that?
So you can think all you want about Larry Flint and Hustle magazine. You can think he's a pornographer and a sleaze bag and a scumbag and whatever else you think.
But I think he's doing any enormous pure service because no matter what anybody says, of course this is all about sex and trying to cover it up.
And you know, they can call it perjury. They can call it lying. They can call them a sleet. They can call it whatever they want.
When you back somebody in the recorder, especially somebody who's the god damn president of the country about getting blow jobs from some intern who doesn't happen to be his wife.
Naturally, they're going to get together and do everything in their power to cover it up just like all you married people out there do everything in your power to cover up your illicit affairs.
And would lie as long as you possibly could under any circumstances to do it because quite frankly, it really isn't anybody's business other than within your family.
It is nobody else's god damn business.
The simple is that there's nothing complicated about it. But if you narrow it down to that, that puts those poor people on MSNBC right out of business.
Then they have to go back to John Van A and we're all pretty tired of that because we haven't got anything new on that.
What else is there? Nothing else that Bill Cosby, we know he's the father of our country. There's nothing else for exciting going on.
So if you, you know, if you're simplified and you cut it down to the bare bones and you talk all the extraneous BS away and you put John Gibson behind the in a rubber room where he belongs somewhere, MSNBC goes out of business basically.
And then all this investigating the president and impeaching the president, well, let's or has to go back to an office somewhere inside where it's warm.
You know, these people candy-cruely maybe we'll find a diet that can't, might work for candy. We'll get some of these people to find another life.
Because there's nothing complicated about this and like Tom Harkin said yesterday, it's a pile of dung. It's a pile of cow dung that the house is packed out of the Senate.
And while they wanted to even Trent Lott, that wasn't interesting. How his initial disposition was very, really flew in the face of what we'd expect from him, wasn't it? Very different.
He was one of those people who got together right there in the first couple of days. No, yeah, they're Tom, D'Agell and Trent Lott. They're shaking hands. They're high-fiving. They're squeezing it. Maybe they're squeezing more than just hands, I don't know.
And he seemed to be very anxious to bring us to a very rapid conclusion until the rapid right wingers from the house came over there and started, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah. No, you can't do this. We want witnesses. We want to testify. We want to keep dragging us out so we can bring in Jane, door number four, number five, and number six, and number seven, because they want them out.
And I'll never as long as I live, forget that day. I mean, you talk about a big fat tub of crap with his own heavy baggage, not only around his waist, but around his back ground.
Can we hide? Sat there with John Conner's that first day. Remember, we put it on the ear. And we're going to do everything in our power to make sure that this is nonpartisan and bup, bup, bup, and that was the end of that. Just like that hundred and nothing vote they had the other day.
Some of the talking heads on TV last night made a good point. The only reason the vote was hundred and nothing unanimous in the cent of the other day about the procedure is because that made them look good.
Because they're all concerned about making themselves look good, which is why they're all on TV talking up a storm. They have no business being on any TV shows talking up a storm because they're jurors in an impeachment trial.
Can you imagine the OJ jurors going on how fast would you eat or throw that thing out during the OJ trial?
Oh, we got the jurors on here today. We're going to give us their idea of what's going on. We're only halfway through the trial or maybe the trial hasn't even started yet.
Let's put the jurors on here and see what they be saying about it.
They're throwing that thing out in a country second. The heartbeat. They didn't kick all those jurors off the jury. Had to start all over again.
But these guys almost every guy damn one of them. Boy, they never met a microphone or a camera right now that they didn't like because they're only interested in looking good.
They want to make sure that the Senate looks good as a body that looks reverent and whatever the hell they wanted to look like to make sure that they get reelected. That's all they give a crap about.
This is the greatest waste of time and money. Now let me ask you. I think we're going to spend $40 million investigating Bob Barr's sex life.
No.
Are we going to spend $40 million investigating Bob Livingston's sex life?
No.
No. Or Newt Gingrich?
No.
Or Henry Hyde?
No.
Or Dan Coates?
No.
Or what was that brought from Idaho, Mary, whatever her name was. Are we going to investigate? No.
No.
But here we got a president who got a few blow jobs from some young Bimbo that went there with a presidential knee pads that talked about that that that that that a talkative jack.
Papercoated by another big fat broad who was doing the bidding of some other big fat broad that Goldberg bitch, Lucy and Goldberg who happens to be a rabid right winger who wanted Clinton out.
I mean, very, very simple. Put it to a five year old child. Okay. They could understand it in about five minutes.
Here's what it is. You got a bunch of rabid right winger. They want the president out out of office. He's got, you know, they investigate all this other stuff could come up with a big fat zero file gate white water.
You name all the other stuff. Travel gate. A big fat.
But he's got a zipper problem, which we already knew that they knew it when he was elected the first time and they definitely knew it when he was elected the second time and to the public care whether he had a zipper problem or not.
No. And had most of our presidents had a zipper problem.
Yes.
Don't most guys in America have a zipper problem. Yes. We all have a zipper problem. Right. What? It's not a problem. Well, it all depends.
It all depends if you can come up with a solution to your problem. And he happened to come up with a solution to your problem. The only problem then was that part of the solution was on that blue dress. That was the problem.
That's right. That was the biggest problem. The solution was on the blue dress. Didn't take Shaila Comes to finger that out.
So there you go. That's my analization of this. I'm euphoric. I'm ecstatic. I hope that Larry Flenck just keeps popping up the storm uncovering every guy named one of these bastards. Okay. These phony hypocritical right wingers.
Because like I've told you before the ones who are the most pious ones of all the good Christian like for example this rabbi accused of hiring a hitman to kill his wife and sharing material New Jersey.
Yeah. So he could pursue a liaison with other women. See nobody told the rabbi. You don't have to kill a bitch to screw around. He should have taken a lesson from Bob Barr and Bob Livingston and all these other right wingers.
You don't have to kill your wife to screw around. Although of course it helps get through out of the way. Then you're not a married man screwing around. I guess which makes it better in the eyes of the Lord.
God. This is one of the great days in the history of the human race. But of course the top story you do understand.
Lead story on CNN this morning wasn't about Bob Barr. What was the lead story? Michael Jordan's resigning for basketball. Oh my God.
Which by the way if you're paying attention over the weekend they already had that story on CNN and on the ESPN they already had that story.
And then they bring on a guy from New York times this morning to supposedly broke the story. It's the story like four or five days old already.
That he's retiring and you know something I know this comes into the shock. I think my life will go on. I'm not sure but I think it might continue.
How about that gambling problem Michael? I'm sorry.
You're a bastard.
We're going to be anywhere to the round. She found two of me that she swallowed him down. He's a slow man.
All right.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
274, 11 and 55, 52.
I'm going to hang over and show it. So we got boot talk in baseball six days from Shuler. Then Boog just talking Boog stuff from eight to 10.
And what is that all about? We got like two separate boot shows. And then we got in Kaplan talking serious gambling at 10 o'clock tonight.
I don't give a shit anymore.
Then following up on a story yesterday that I talked about a great length. And by the way since I worked on you I'm kipper and I worked on Rarsha Shana because I don't believe in any of those bubble mice.
I'm taking off Monday Martin Luther King Day this Monday. And George is going to be doing the show since he's not a you know supporter of the cause and I am.
What why are you working on Martin Luther King Day don't you want to support our brothers and sisters out there since your best friend is a man of color.
I'll do an all black show.
See always be suspicious of people George is probably told me six thousand times and I met the guy one once or twice.
A 6,000 45,000 times in the year that George is working for me. He's told me that his best friend happens to be black.
Six million times George is told me that and that was just this morning six million times.
So I'm always a little bit you know oh yeah some of my best friends are filling the blank you know.
I'm always a little suspect of that God you're getting almost this flush now as I am yeah you're kind of red in the post.
What is that thing maybe somebody could help me with this because I called my doctor this morning he said you know I said the checks in the mail you're all good thank you.
Man you know he's a good guy great doctor but what does he know.
No seriously he's a great guy but it's a little flush it's getting irritating okay I feel great except for this flush this redness in my neck and my face no fever no temperature it's just this ongoing it just claims it to cling on thing goes on and on.
Maybe it's God punish me again for retelling the truth about all this stuff he gets pissed off about that and fired up.
So anyway picking up on yesterday's story father held in touch death accused of abuse and past now yesterday I would want to say the newspapers jumped to conclusions and had some misinformation because do our newspapers ever print misinformation no they would never do that.
About how he had no criminal past the scumbag this theater of Bramwell who's accused of murdering his daughter because she was crying.
One of his children by this one woman who got three children by her he's abandoned who's not his wife and he's a you know how it goes.
Theater of Bramwell the lotter hill man held in the beating death of his seven month old daughter Sierra Woodstock was previously accused of domestic abuse by two different women.
Sierra's mother Wendy Woodstock sought a restraining order in 1997 asserting that Bramwell had battered her viciously.
He choked me and he slammed me into the wall and bruised my arm he was doing all of this while he was holding the baby Woodstock wrote in the court document seeking the restraining order.
The baby in that instance would have been one of Sierra's older sisters would have been but of course he's dead.
He repeatedly punched me in my head dragged me across the floor through me in the bathtub put my face in the water bed and tried to suffocate me Woodstock wrote.
He threatened he must know Lawrence Phillips.
He threatened me if I called the police he would take the baby and I would never see him or her again.
The restraining order expired after 15 days when Woodstock was not married to Bramwell failed to seek an extension.
Bramwell's estranged wife Drina Bramwell also filed a restraining order against him in 1997 saying he was abusive.
She said theater of Bramwell struck her splitting her lip and shattered a cordless phone over her head.
I'm afraid he'll beat me up again because he has in the past Drina Bramwell wrote in a petition for a restraining order but she too did not seek to extend the restraining order beyond its initial 15 days and it expired.
Despite the baby it expired.
Now theater of Bramwell is being held without bond after the death on Saturday of Sierra when the Woodstock and her surviving daughters aged two and four have moved in with relatives.
Investigators say theater of Bramwell was watching Sierra and her sisters on Friday because her mother was at work.
The child was in a crank he was watching her she was at work are you following this?
The child was in a cranky mood because she had received a series of inoculations earlier in the day.
Her crying angered the father investigators say so they say he flung his baby girl into the rails of her crib then picked her up and smashed her head against the wall the crying stopped.
Wow what a shock that is not the crying stopped.
Sierra became lethargic and quit breathing.
Bramwell left Sierra's sisters with an acquaintance and drove to Woodstock's place of work holding the baby in one arm while steering the car.
He picked her said what a tender can you see that that's a very tender and loving moment I can see that when Woodstock 24 asked Bramwell what happened he said Sierra had fallen out of the car seat.
At 715 p.m. the couple walked in the plantation general hospital with the baby then Bramwell disappeared he vanished.
Sierra was transferred to Broward General Medical Center's pediatric trauma unit where she died early Saturday.
Dr. said Sierra had severe head trauma with bruising the left eye retinal hemorrhage a possible skull fracture and other injuries.
As investigators searched for Bramwell he picked up the two other children as he left he allegedly said he was going to kill himself.
Unfortunately he did not instead he turned himself in Saturday night and faces charges of first degree murder and aggravated child abuse.
The Florida Department of Children and Families is investigating the case to see if the two other children should remain with their mother end of story.
Follow up the yesterday's grotesque horrible story about which most of you don't care.
Because like the one caller said you know people are immune to this stuff they're numb they've heard millions and millions of these stories day after day, night after night babies and pizza ovens and babies you know flushed down the toilet just moments after they're born and so on at the senior prom and whatever else.
Because it's the American way is what it's all about.
So there you go you know they old saying about how the scum rises to the top and it just continues rising and rising and where it stops I have no idea.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line we'll see if we have any thoughtful audience today boy yesterday we sure had a real thoughtful audience I'm thinking about him right now as a matter of fact.
Well you know me you've pissed off so many people and alienated so many say yeah right and I'm sure he's listening right now too by the way only how errands coming.
I'm dreaming of a white paper.
All right.
So I hope for a really white money.
Well anyway Monday is Martin Luther King day and I'm taking the day off and you know in support of all my civilized brothers and sisters out there which there are many there's some uncivilized ones as well like this guy that battered the baby and beat the crap out of her and killed her.
But maybe they ought to be replaying all the speeches of Martin Luther King as opposed to these demagogues like Louis Farrakhan and Raymond jive and Jesse you know everything be jive and then the Raymond who absolutely nothing but is always there to be the opportunist when the moment comes and the money comes.
Maybe they ought to be replaying some of the speeches of Martin Luther King maybe like bring some people back to their senses.
Two open lines of Dave what in Broward 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line a tremendous response to this morning what is some of the biggest news in the history of our lives.
Here's North Miami hello.
Yeah.
Yes sir.
I think it was great to see you know what Larry is doing and Larry Flint.
Yeah because these Republicans they walk around and they are there for good to shoot they don't do nothing wrong and you know they they actually can't
probably don't know really you know that they have much just come back to.
So we I'm happy that you know we have left and doing this and I told you to support him.
I think everybody ought to go out and buy a hustler magazine today just to show a Larry there that's right.
Let's just show them their appreciation my copies.
Hey you know what I want you to play for Larry.
Yes sir.
The Superman in the wheelchair that would be a good one for me.
Perfect okay excellent maybe he can be his running mate.
Okay.
They can wheel them in together side by side.
Okay.
Have a nice day.
And God bless you sir.
Okay we have an open line in Broward 2 and all of Dave 5 6 7 0 here's the biggest news they just dropped nuclear weapons on
where did you last get anybody interested.
No Michael Jordan's retiring don't you get it man you're so out of step.
Are you ever going to come in line with the rest of us loving out here.
No.
No sorry.
5 6 7 0 5 60 0 5 60 0 5 60 on a mobile one line.
A shocking response again here from this audience this morning as in none.
Here's Coral Springs hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
I listen to you most every day and there are times what I disagree with you which I have to write to.
Yes but do comment you make in one thing I have thought about a lot is you talk about this forced sterilization issue.
Yes.
The more I think about it the more I have to say that I believe you are correct.
I have not agreed with you.
People think I'm joking about that but I'm very sorry.
I know I mean you know just like with rapists they should be they should be sterilized or whatever.
I mean this is like appalling and you use why I was on hold you talk about like a Jesse Jackson the opportunist that jumps around.
Where are these people when the horrible despicable crimes occur.
They're off you know trying to find some cause of somebody who was allegedly prejudiced against because they weren't hired or whatever else.
But these type of things this is what they need to be out hopping on not only black America but white America as well.
Yeah or maybe Johnny Cochrane will come in and put up a sterling defense you know like you did for OJ.
Yeah because the guy was the baby was crying to throw them crazy or something.
Yeah.
I mean anybody who's had children have moments where the kid won't shut up and you have to go and stand outside or you have to do something.
But it's always a given me.
The responsibility of this guy he's got three children three kids by this woman he's not even married to and a stranger from his real wife who was a little more.
Right.
And if I read the article correct that didn't this woman have another child killed by a boyfriend or something was that somebody else.
No he beat the you know he beat her.
A beat heart okay.
Yeah.
But I mean it's just.
He ran some other bitch.
Right.
Some other nice lady.
But I mean it's like this is how you just you know I mean it's very frustrating because you don't see this on in certain ethnic groups and then you do and you know the trailer part trash type and everything else.
Yeah.
And it's not to say that people I mean you know people of means don't do terrible things like the Joe Benoit thing that still hasn't been solved.
I'm Benoit.
Yeah.
Whatever her name was.
Whatever it doesn't make any difference now.
No but it's and that's over and done with you hate to think that people got away with it just like OJ and whatever else.
But it's a terrible terrible thing and people have to wake up and then that has to be a solution to it.
Well no there's no so they won't wake up they don't care.
Well it's unfortunate.
You know and it's and and and and.
The question that Michael Jordan is going to be tired of tomorrow and they're very concerned about that and that the dolphins lost the game.
Those are the important things in life don't you understand if we may have another press conference or some of your literature job coming up in just a second.
It's we better get on because we got one call on the board.
This is appalling to me.
I mean it takes a lot to shock me especially after yesterday.
This is appalling.
5 6 7 0 5 60 0 5 60 on a mobile one month.
Thank God I brought my good music into it anyway because I'm going to enjoy listening to it.
Here's a mobile in Pemberk Pine.
Hello.
Hey Neil how are you today?
Okay sir.
Good deal you know you said something before about five year old and this whole thing with the center which really struck a chord with me.
My little boy last week was a party and somebody asked him how he was doing and he said he was real disturbed and an adult said why would you be disturbed.
He says I don't understand why they want to get rid of this president.
Everybody tells a fifth sometimes everybody says he does a good job.
Why don't they why they want to get rid of them.
And he's going to be six and he's watching you know and he's going to what's going on in the face.
I say take Franklin started the cheer then put the kid in is what I say.
The other thing you got going on is get hard came up a little short that Saturday afternoon when you made that resounding speech to everybody.
You should have raised his right hand and said everybody repeat after me.
I have never done a thing wrong as a politician.
I think that would hit everybody in the nose.
Okay.
Take care.
Have a great life.
Okay two open lines in Brown one and day they're very slow this morning they're thinking about this they're trying to observe them.
Bob Barr now who's that we heard that name before we know who that is.
Is that the little guy with a Mustang and the little guy looks like Hitler on a bad day with those beating little wire in glass.
That's the guy.
The guy that looks like a rabid dog and he that's him Bob Barr.
So in other words he screwed around according to Larry Flint and of course you do understand because Larry Flint has been through all kinds of lawsuits in the past.
And then they try to kill him and he's in the wheelchair in a whole business.
He's not going to just start like randomly throwing a bunch of crap out unless he's got the emis unless he's really got the goods.
Unless they are 5,000% positive.
And of course the interesting line or two when they're to several insisting lines but the fact that not only did he not return phone call to the media.
But Bob Barr says he will not discuss his personal life.
Wow.
How come Bobby?
What are you hiding behind that little mustache and those B.D. eyes of yours?
Those rabid little B.D. eyes?
He looks like a ratted possum or maybe like a ratted coon.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
A forced sterilization will never, even though I agree 100%, it will never come to fruition particularly in the Americas like Central South America and North America.
Yeah the Pope don't like it.
Yeah that's exactly why the two of us.
That's the America.
It's fucking lame.
The two most foul words on this earth is the Catholic Church.
That's exactly why.
They're sure in their running.
That's, you know, they reproduce and they recruit and it's just, you know, forced.
They impose so much misery and so much suffering first by brainwashing all these people, telling them that everything that they do is evil.
And then secondly by forcing people to reproduce like rabbits and making babies that they could never possibly take care of or give any meaningful quality of life to.
But they don't give a crap because all they care about is powered by numbers.
It's a numbers game.
And even your southern Baptist, you know, and your primitive Baptist.
I mean it's, you know, you talk about certain neighborhoods where, you know, the people are like.
We all know what the Vatican is.
That's a gate club you before.
No question about that.
You know, you talk about certain inner city neighborhoods where, you know, all these preachers are coming out there.
We're going to recapture the streets.
And then when they're out there hunting for this guy, a little bow, this crack deal and some gun bag.
Yeah.
You know, no, the neighbors want to come out and talk about it because they're afraid.
So, you know, it's, it's the biggest hypocrite in the world here, religion.
It's no matter what they're, they're Catholic or Protestant or Baptist.
I mean it's, it's a map framework.
So, I mean, show me a ghetto neighborhood without 50,000 ministers in it and I'll show you a miracle.
Oh, you're absolutely right.
Every street corner is another little make-believe church and everybody's a minister and,
because they all get tax-free exemptions from it.
And praise the Lord, yeah.
You look in your poor neighborhoods and this is across America, even up in the hills in the white trash area.
And the richest people in the little communities are your clergymen.
And they're just raping and pillaging and, you know, and literally too, the altar boys.
Well, the Lord works in the scariest way of success.
All right, see you.
And God bless you.
Well, these say the Catholics are your twang.
At the day club you moron.
I would say so.
They're in the Vatican.
They're all running around dressed up and dragged doing each other, doing the altar boys.
We have two open lions in date.
I mean, you know, you can deny these things.
You can say it's just the ramblings of me on the radio.
It happens to be the truth.
And there's the well-documented stories every week.
I mean, in a stand-worth time where God blesses the soul beside Casino gambling.
There's a super job of clipping out all these articles sending to me day after day week after week.
There is an endless supply of these stories about children being molested by not only Catholic priest, but others.
For sure, this rabbi he became more creative and just molesting hair to hit Manaculas wife.
But nevertheless, men of the cloth.
And the public out there.
So brainwashed like this guy yesterday who's raping the straps, you know, laying the fulfillin.
They're so brainwashed that they keep supporting it and subsidizing it.
Because somebody taught them years ago that they can't possibly survive without this crutch.
You take away this crutch and their entire being collapses because they're so goddamn weak.
That's why I talk about this stuff because it's embarrassing to me.
I'm just ashamed that there are so many people out there who are so emotionally weak and immature that they can't live without this phony crutch,
which they know is bull crap and a lie, and they perpetuate by brainwashing their kids with the same crap.
Instead of saying, I can't help myself and I was brought up this way.
How about you go out and study about it yourself and then figure out whatever you decide?
Oh no, we don't want to do that.
We can't perpetuate the troops that way for the church, for the Pope, or for whichever a group it might be.
They'd count you all three lives and they'd are dead and there's a doin' that.
You know, so I don't think we have any audience anymore.
I think when the numbers come out, when this book comes out in a few days, I think we're going to find out we owe points.
We couldn't possibly have anybody listening these last two days with all the stuff that's goin' on.
And I'm sittin' here pumpin' phone numbers and pumpin' phone numbers and all these people know, maybe it's me.
Maybe I've just reached, maybe I'm a black guy that I've alienated to everybody in town.
I'm a bad guy, I'm a son of a bitch, I've pissed everybody off.
It's gotta be me. Isn't that what the song says? Something like that.
You believe that? I don't.
56670560, pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Mobile in North Miami. Hello?
Hock and Lou.
Yeah, huh? Hock and Chinook.
Here's a lady mobile in Pompato B. Chilla.
Hi, how are you?
Okay.
Good, good. Just one quick comment.
You know, crying to me doesn't matter in what color.
I don't know any female that would be happy to be raped by a black man or white man.
Crime is crime and I think that's the gist of our situation.
We need to get it out of race and get it into the fact that it is crime.
Period.
Yeah.
Okay. That's my big complaint about this.
I get pissed when we have to describe the crime person as a black or a white man.
Why is there so much of this going on by black people?
Why is there such a disproportionate amount of it going on?
I don't think it's disproportionate.
It is?
It's not a person with a think or not. It is.
Now, in that we announce it that way.
John Vene is still walking around.
That family is still walking around.
John Vene is still walking around.
Okay.
What actually is?
The family is.
Yeah.
The two of them are still walking around and we know nobody can.
Nobody would have.
That's rich white people.
They have a different set of justice.
That's right.
Just like OK was a rich black guy and he had a different set of justice.
Here it is.
And we keep perpetuating it even with color and money.
That's all it is in America.
Thank you so much.
Okay.
We have an open line in Broward All 3 and Dave.
56670560.560 on the mobile one line.
1056 here at QA.
And you're oblivious station for the 90s.
The Neil Rogers show now on 560WPUAM Miami Fort Lauderdale.
I want to bang you in the butt, honey.
Hey, if you want to run faster, jump higher and make the blind sea again.
Why?
If you want to move like the wind, so like an eagle and raise people from the dead time.
Yeah.
Good as only one few little dreams.
We all knew air, Jesus.
Jesus, Jesus, Jesus.
Let's put up there on what they'll do for you.
Your game is up miracles.
Oh, God.
Oh, God.
Wow.
You're supposed to get out.
Look, air, Jesus.
Yeah, what?
Why?
And we just put up the butt, man.
What?
What?
Why now?
Let me come out and give it a box.
There are air, Jesus.
Jesus.
And here Jesus lies in the soul.
The patent is cushioned chamber is filled with avion.
Carefully laid into the scene.
So every part of your foot is always walking on water.
Sorry.
Not responsible for any water chamber that turns to wine.
And it comes soon.
Look to the other air, Jesus.
Cross trainers.
Air, Jesus.
Now make you feel like you're born again.
All right.
11 o'clock at 5.60 WDQAM.
Two open lines in date.
You noticed that the last caller, how she was in denial.
And I kept saying, but there are a disproportionate.
No, no, it's not a case of this, not a case of that.
Okay, whatever you say.
It is.
Five, like I like that pros and cons book.
There is a disproportionate number of black athletes who are, you know, this is, and this is a cultural thing.
Unlike the, the, the, the, the, the dirty bird, not a bullet crap, which has got nothing to do with culture, but just stupidity.
This is unfortunately a cultural thing about how you treat your woman or women as the case, maybe, and usually plural.
And it's a really sad, sick cultural thing, but is it, does anybody wants to address that?
Oh, no, that's, it's not white.
It's not black.
Okay, whatever you say.
Here's a mobile in book.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes sir.
I have an opinion on those Christians and these Catholics.
I was brought up by these Catholics in, in Catholic school with the nun and the father and everybody loved them.
But you know what?
It was a scam.
It was a fake.
It was a phony.
It was a fraud.
And I'm so glad that I found out Jesus was the son of a Roman soldier.
That's all I got to say.
I'm so glad that I didn't end the church.
Okay, God bless you, sir.
He was a Roman soldier, daddy.
We have an open line and Broward to invade five six to no five sixty and pound five sixty on the 18 T wireless line.
Here is Merimar.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
You're God man.
Yes I am.
Definitely the best.
And there's a lot of people out there that can't tell you because they're in their offices.
Is that it?
They're in their office?
Maybe they're on the fingers in their office.
Correct them?
Mm-hmm could be.
I'm here to kill them.
How the heck?
Okay, thank you.
Whatever.
Open line and Broward five.
We got eight million open lines.
Okay, these people have nothing to say about Bob Barr, about hypocrisy by the right-wing Christian, about this guy that spashed his baby to death.
I'm embarrassed for you people.
I really am.
I'm embarrassed for the human God damn race.
I'm embarrassed at least for the American part of the human God damn race.
Because I know that in other parts of the world they're like thoughtful people who are like thinking and breathing and realize that they have they like compartmentalize their lives.
And a certain part of your life is for laughing and puking and having a good time.
And a certain part of your life is going to a ball game or whatever or recreational.
And then there's a certain part of your life even if it's only a small part where you like actually use a little brain power and say, hey, here's something ought to be thinking about that requires thinking.
Oh, that maybe I have an opinion on.
Like these people yesterday, that was the first by the way.
We had how many three callers yesterday who said, I have nothing to say.
And but actually let's let's hear it for them.
They made the effort to call to tell us who announced to the world because a lot of people I'm sure recognize their voices that they had nothing to say about anything.
Anything.
To which I would respond welcome to South Florida.
Here's Kendall. Hello.
Neil, it's been several years since we all got together and got the anti-bilingualism ordinance passed.
And I wanted to get your comment.
What are you talking about? Who is this?
This is me, Richard.
Richard who?
Well, we collected petitions.
We collected signatures on petitions many years ago.
And well, there's an interesting part of what I hear all today.
Well, you want to talk about bilingualism again.
Is that what you want to do again?
I thought you were not.
We're not talking about bilingualism.
Okay, my one dimensional Zach Gaspren.
Call up that he is the penis share or whatever his name.
Call up Sandy Payton.
She'll talk about it until you're blue in the pus.
I'm talking about all this other stuff.
Okay, not about divisive bilingualism.
Which I've already said as much as I'm going to stay on.
It doesn't work here.
There's nothing else to say about it.
We can't even teach these people to speak proper English.
Okay.
But I mean, God Almighty, this guy's got a preface to call.
He's got a startup.
Oh, yes.
Years ago, we worked together.
Yeah, great.
Well, that was then.
And this is now, okay, Mr. Yet a life.
Get a frickin life.
You and the Emmy shapers and the penis, the penis shareers of the world.
Get off the bandwagon and find something useful to vote your time, dude.
God Almighty, Mark Benson, that whole bunch of one-dimensional idiots.
Open lines in date.
All three five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT.
If you want to take up petitions for forced derelization, count me in.
As Gary Lewis said, count me in.
When he could still talk before they send him off to Vietnam and he stopped talking too much.
Ever Gary Lewis?
And the playboys?
Here's a lady in Boca.
Hello.
Hello there.
I just wanted to let you know that I've seen nothing wrong with Larry Flint.
Nothing at all.
Yeah.
I buy a copy every single month.
And I really enjoy it.
And since he's doing such a great job, how come Jesus doesn't meet your God doesn't reach down
and touch him with the magic stick and let him walk again?
Because there's no such thing as God.
Jump up out of the chair and start walking and talking and you know, he could lead us out of the wilderness into reality
and out of the supercritical mess they were in.
There's not a hypocritical mess that it's all by choice.
What does that mean?
I buy a copy.
How sad, how tremendously unbelievably sad.
Do you believe that?
That was pathetic.
That was just pathetic.
We have an open line in Broward, All Three and Dead.
I'm going to play music today, I really am.
You people are that this is the worst crowd in the history of mankind.
It gets worse each and every minute, every day of my life.
It gets worse and worse and worse.
And even the people who think they got something clever or something little worse.
Pathetic, sad lady, tragic, subhuman.
She's doing Brian Murray material on us today, okay?
She's doing VM on her radio.
Here's a mobile in Cooper City.
Hello.
Hi Neil.
Yes sir.
That's bleeding bitch.
Yeah.
How do you like that?
Yeah, I know.
She's got a like clever.
She's not like I didn't get on the air by the way.
That's fucking bitch.
She's not like the pros that queen.
But Neil, not the change of subject.
He missed one of the monumentous days in the United States history Friday.
And why is it possible?
It would have been Elvis' 64th birthday Friday.
Yeah, that's very important, right?
Neil, it's important to these people out there.
It's important to talk today about Graceland.
You know something that day I had a lot of calls.
Remember that day?
You did because I couldn't get in.
Heads tons of calls.
Everybody in their brother, they're schlepping up there to Graceland to see the king.
That's right.
Last if you will, but it's a damn glad you brought that up sir.
God bless you and thank you so much for reminding me.
That's the important stuff in American culture was Elvis.
That's the important stuff.
That's the kind of stuff they get in their car.
They hop on a plane.
They travel a thousand miles, 1500 miles, 3000 miles, 10 million miles to go see Elvis.
Who's only been dead for God only knows how many years now.
But we're going to Graceland.
Even Paul Simon is embarrassed for you, okay?
Because you're going to Graceland.
And to listen to those idiots, most of them men by the way,
that's if that was the shocker to me, all these real men out there in video land.
Oh yeah, it's so, it's a real, it's great.
It's wonderful.
Well, why did you go, well, it's great.
He was so important.
That's our poll question today, by the way.
Who was more important in American culture?
Elvis Presley or Michael Jordan?
Very tough one.
Huh?
Good poll question.
Who is more important?
Who is a more significant figure in American history?
Michael Jordan or the King?
We're going to Graceland.
I mean, you're talking about, I mean, how can we condemn black people for having, you know,
so many ignorant black people with very poor education and unable to articulate?
I mean, what's wrong with being dumb in a country of dumb people?
What's wrong with that?
Huh?
See, I would prefer to have everybody black and white, you know, think that education might be important
and use their brain.
But where is the priority?
When, you know, the big lie, the message out there, like at Miami High.
Why do you think they have these scandals, even at the high school level?
Pretty soon they'll be having at the kindergarten level.
Why do you think they have all these sporting scandals?
Because the big lie is out there.
You don't have to get smart.
All you got to do is be a jockey, and you're going to make $50 billion.
And for all the rest of you, for the 99 and 9 tens of percent of you who don't make it,
and never will do that, well, we got a lot of jails and a lot of welfare and a lot of whatever else we can do.
And a lot of crack.
Eight minutes after 11 at 5, 60, WTQAM.
Already ends.
Dumb as dirt.
Oh, here's an obstacle.
That's a terrible girl.
That's Jack.
Now look what you're doing.
Oh, that's what we do.
It's dangerous.
It's dangerous.
It's dangerous.
It's dangerous.
Yeah, get some kids.
Where's the calm?
She's saving the stress like a low-life skull.
It smells like new food.
Where's the periphera?
I had wear a besides 14 to you.
Gosh, you still get this bad.
Not the cheap that bread is.
She's a bad and bad cookie.
She could come on my plate just the way I like.
That's what we'll spend the day.
That's what we'll spend the day.
That's what we'll spend the day.
That's what we'll spend the day.
All that's to it with the state.
That's that little jazz.
Because I let her knock it to her.
That's what we'll spend the day.
That's that little jazz.
That's what we'll spend the day.
That's what we'll spend the day.
That's that little jazz.
That's what we'll spend the day.
Where's the message brought to young people out there.
Be where the evil relentless japs of this world.
It's 1113 at 560 WQM.
Great cartoon, by the way, in the city link,
along with a great article by Howard Beale.
This article, by the way, at the end,
they finally say it says Howard Beale is a pseudonym
for a long time student of the local media.
Okay.
Not to be confused with the real Howard Beale who...
Right, you must not have the hell of a Luster in the face of this anymore.
Oh!
He's feeling too good anymore.
But anyway, I'll get to that a little later.
And obviously, probably not too much later,
the way this thing's going today.
Great cartoon in here.
It's got a caricature of Wayne Hypinga.
Dressed up as a figure on a fountain.
Okay, with an angel's wing,
and he's got a big trumpet,
like a corneacopia in his purse with all kinds of money in it.
And here's the speaker introducing the new fountain.
He says, and after so much public and private input,
Port Lauderdale's newest fountain,
an underneath Wayne is a dolphin and a Marlin,
and there's a big sign that's his broward,
and the water is coming out of Wayne's...
And he's peeing on Broward County.
Nice going there, whoever.
Who was this?
Craven's, Craven's, and Greg's something,
or they can't read the name in Citi Land.
Nice going there, sir.
Excellent.
The cartoon. Nice job.
Citi Landke puts a really good stuff in there.
Too bad nobody reads it.
Here's Boca. Hello.
Hey, Neil. How you doing?
Okay, sir.
Is there any larger group of buffoons
than these clowns in the house?
No.
It is amazing.
I think that history, you know,
everybody sort of speculates what history is going to say about Clinton.
I think history is going to be extremely unkind
to these more outspoken congressmen like Barr and Trent Lot.
I mean, we've already outed Henry Hyde's already out of the closet.
Broward County's marriage.
He was 41 years old.
Rook up a guy's marriage who lives up there in Weston.
He was the chairman of the Yaha Institute of the Sheree Committee.
Now Bob Barr, the most rabid member of the Raysame Committee,
he's out of the closet, you know,
having an affair while he was married,
and then having an abortion which he lied about,
and of course being a staunch white delightful,
which he paid for, by the way.
Sure.
It's just amazing to me.
These guys can't seem to do anything right.
Everything they do just blows up in their face,
and they insist on sticking to this impeachment thing.
But I've seen that all my life.
These people are in denial.
They had that CA that convenes Alzheimer's,
and they're somewhere in the back of their mind.
It's compartmentalized that they've done all of these things.
But oh my god, see, it's always the way.
Like Ken Star, here's a guy who's obsessed with sex.
He's psychotic about it.
He wanted every juicy grotesque detail.
He put stuff in that report that was so unbelievable
that everybody in the media was embarrassed even to talk about it.
Absolutely.
He's obsessive about it.
I think the guys are pervert.
Could be.
Maybe he's doing the Trent Lot.
Yeah, hey, I think it's pretty clear why Trent Lot's been a little more bipartisan.
Yeah.
And why New King, which flew the coop?
Without a doubt.
Listen, there's one thing I wanted to bring up.
It's not on your list of topics today,
but there's an article in the paper about this niche type program
that they're using for the wall drugs.
Are you aware of that?
Yeah, sure.
That's in that book Lost Rights by James Mover.
I talked about that weeks ago about how they have the kids as a snitch on mommy and daddy, sure.
Yeah, not just that.
I mean, like, say, for example,
there's someone that they've caught doing something wrong.
They allow these criminals that just randomly pick people out of their acquaintances
and set them up.
They call them and they try to get them involved in these drug deals.
And there's been occasions where people are like, you know, said,
no, man, I don't want to do that.
And they keep at them.
They keep at them.
Finally.
I thought when the government kept sending that one guy pornography to the mail over and over again.
And finally, after about the 10 minutes of time, he finally ordered something.
And hey, guess what?
We're not going on the door.
You're going to jail pervert.
Right.
And the people that are sort of getting set up,
they are facing maximum, you know, sintering guidelines.
And the people that really committed the crime, you know,
and the first place they're walking away free.
There's a show on TV tonight.
I don't know if you're aware of it.
It's on front line at 9 o'clock.
It's about that.
People should watch it because it's scary.
What's going on?
That's the American fucking wing.
Okay, I feel like I need to have a great day.
Open line at Broward, all three in day.
They'd count you just, they're not under what.
They don't know Bob Barr from Ileana, Washington in day five six seven ever seen together.
Five six seven, oh five sixty, five sixty on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Margie.
Hello.
Now listen, Jordan, it's the greatest Americans ever.
Yeah, okay, thank you so much.
I wish you all the best in the great.
Thank you so much.
And go back where you came from, okay?
What's that?
His 800th call already this morning.
Not even noon yet.
He's already got the bottle out.
He's fucking on it.
Here's a mobile and crawl spring.
Hello?
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes, my son's birthday today is first birthday.
Great.
And it's a little upsetting going.
You open up the paper and you see that animal that killed his daughter.
And I hope somebody takes this.
Yeah.
Yeah, I hope somebody slams his head against the jail self-dora.
When he goes downtown.
That's all.
That's justice, you know?
Yeah.
Okay, to open lives the day two and groward five six seven oh five sixty,
pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line.
Welcome to stop float.
Any visitors down here now?
This is what you're, this is what you got yourself into.
Okay, this is exactly what it's all about.
What you're hearing on his show.
Make no mistake about it.
This isn't some kind of aberration.
What you hear is what you get.
Mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'm calling about the comments.
I'm Clinton.
About what?
The Clinton comments on the radio.
The Clinton comments on the radio.
Yeah, the impeachment.
Yes.
And I was just, yeah, I was just trying to figure out how you.
You missed, I mean, you missed the whole picture.
What is the picture?
Explain it to me, sir.
I'm missing it.
I guess I just don't see.
Well, he lied in front of the grand jury.
Don't you think he should be impeached or?
I mean, I know he lied in the grand jury.
What did he say that was a lie?
Well, you said that he didn't mess around with anybody on the.
No, he didn't say that.
He said he didn't have sexual relations with Smith and, you know,
to him and her meant intercourse.
Didn't have intercourse.
What difference does it make?
Well, I mean, a normal person would be put down bars.
A normal person, if they were asked, a normal person in a position like him would say,
yes, we scoot around and I stuck us a guard in her normal person would say that?
Oh, well, yeah.
Well, I guess I'm not.
Let me ask you this.
If Kenneth Star were a normal person, which I'm sure he is not,
why would he be asking these questions in the first place about the cigar and where he stuck it?
And did she have orgasms?
What kind of, what does that got to do with the public business?
What does that got to do with running the good job?
It's his job to stick a cigarette one.
He wants it on a good job there.
Nice call, Willie.
Oh, that's his job to bring her to orgasm, which he said he did four times.
Nice call, and air, Willie.
Bob, it on a good job.
Baby, that's his job.
Sir, I'm going to tell you if brains were dangerous, you'd be the safest place in the world to hide.
Open line in date, 56670560 and 0.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
He lied about screwing around.
And I know that this guy certainly would never lie under oath or under any other circumstances about screwing around.
Any more than either rest of you would do it, because I know that probably there only a few of us who have screwed around in our lives
2,000,000,000 times whatever it's been.
And everybody else, it's like Aussie and Harriet.
It's like Donna Reed.
There's Mommy and Daddy and there's a boy and a girl and a dog, maybe a cat, maybe a bird, maybe a parakeed, a cockatoo, whatever it might be.
And that's the American family, baby.
And there's none of this other hanky-panky.
That's the exception, not the rule.
Anybody believe that?
I mean, I would have thought we graduated since I leave it to beaver.
Have we graduated just a little?
No.
No, that's why they're still running the reruns.
Here's Poppato Beach, huh?
Tell Neil?
Yes, sir?
Yeah.
I had a radio accident last night.
I'm surprised nobody's even called you about it, but that's Wanny.
That time's, that girl, it's on time's there.
Yeah.
With this little Mr. Bar here, with his wagon, his weenie around here.
They come up with this Mr. Delay.
He's got a wagon and Mr. Kennedy.
He's allegedly the positive flavor.
Do you hear anything about that this morning?
No, I haven't heard anything about that.
Yeah, I'm surprised.
They head on Wanny.
Well, the reason I haven't had any calls with nobody watches Wanny, that's probably the reason.
I can't say I had a TV action.
Where the hell did they get that from?
I don't know.
I just want you to go into the station so I just got to the station.
They alleged that Charles Kennedy is a flaming homo?
That's what they're saying, yeah.
Oh my God.
Wow.
Oh, from their mouth to God's ears.
Right.
Thanks for the good news.
Yes, sir.
Okay, we'll have to check that out.
Like I said, we're not going to get any rather reports on it because nobody watches Wanny.
But they and the newscast every now and then they do come up with something that nobody else comes up with in town.
But the only problem is like I said, there's nobody watching.
So nobody finds out about it.
But like the story said this morning from Reuters, Larry Flint.
This, this, he says, forget about the Bob Livington stuff.
Okay, that was small potatoes.
He said this was the opening salvo, the Bob Bar information of his campaign to expose politicians with double standards and says he's got even bigger fish to fry than Bob Bar.
Along with seven lesser Republicans, now maybe one of those lesser Republicans might be Mr. Candidate.
I don't know.
I mean, I'm not going to accept something as in it's just because some guy called up and said he heard about it on Wanny.
And who if the other one he said, oh, Tom Delay.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Tom Delay.
The most rabbit.
Well, not quite as rabbit as Bob Bar.
He doesn't have the jewel coming out of his mouth. He had his working on it.
No, seriously, Bob Bar is like he, they'd like a rabid dog that the spittle is like coming down to his, it looks like spittle.
In fact, Trent Laud had a little, well, okay, let's go to a lady and what is it?
Oh, the van lady.
Hello.
How are you? I haven't heard from you in a dog's age.
I do working construction.
You've been working construction?
Yeah.
I couldn't get the phone, but I listen.
What does that mean? You're working construction.
I was working construction.
Kind of a husband of you God anyway.
He's in construction.
Hey, you got to you up there hammering on the roof?
It's falling shelving.
Oh, Jesus, like I said.
Oh, it's fun.
Okay, working on directions all day, huh?
Yeah.
Yeah, that's what Monica said. It's fun.
Listen, happy new year.
Happy anniversary.
Happy anniversary.
I'll be speaking to you.
Regarding this child abuse.
Mm-hmm.
What defense does anyone have against child abuse?
You take a 20 pound baby and slam it into a wall.
Mm-hmm.
Okay, what do we do?
That's probably, oh, I don't think so.
I don't.
I don't.
I don't know the ACLU, everybody.
You know, screaming, no, no, no.
Who's screaming, no, no, no?
I mean, if anybody defends this guy,
I mean, actually we have to have a lawyer briefly
and then we fly his ass right on TV.
Fine. You know, put him up there where Bundy was.
I don't care.
But then when I look how long it took for them to put Bundy away.
I'm here in years.
In years and years, and we paid for it.
And that's what I'm saying.
They won't do that.
They're in life imprisonment.
Oh, no, we don't have enough jail.
Because we've got all people that smoke marijuana
and they're taking up space.
Mm-hmm.
So everyone says that their defense is usually,
well, I was an abused child.
Well, let's just eliminate that generation.
Shoot them.
I don't care what.
Eliminate that generation.
And then maybe the next generation won't be able to say,
I was an abused child.
Yeah, that always is a great cop out.
Isn't it?
I was an abused child.
Therefore, it's an excuse for me to do one stuff like this.
I don't buy it.
Yeah, and there's no defense for it.
But there's no punishment suitable.
And I don't know how to go.
I mean, I care.
God knows I care.
But what do you do?
You have too many people fighting you.
That's not all that.
Channel 7 news, 5 o'clock tonight.
We're going to fry his ass on the air.
Rick Sanchez is going to pull the switch.
You do that to a couple of them.
I bet you do a lot more people behind it.
Okay.
Okay, no good to talk to you, hon.
So have a great life.
You too, bye.
The van lady, she's working construction.
What?
We have an open line.
And in Broward, 5667, 0560 and 0560 on the AT&T Wyos line.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, it's great listening to you.
It's the first time I called.
I just want to say Larry Flint is God.
Yeah.
It's wonderful what he's doing.
You know, you think, what would I do if I had millions?
It's the kind of thing someone can do.
This guy is doing a great service for the country.
And I guess that's it.
And have a great day.
All right, bye-bye.
Open line of day.
That's what we said.
Larry Flint from President.
Right now, stick his ass in there, OK?
And the rest of them to it all fit in.
They're not much left.
He's in that chair.
That was that great movie where he was the judge in his own movie.
Larry Flint's story.
That was the beauty.
But that's America for you because he's a pornographer.
He's giving the public what they want.
He's selling smart.
He was peddling like naked women and stuff.
Oh, my God.
Therefore, he's an evil man, especially in Cincinnati.
Country that just refuses to grow up.
That's what this is all about.
This is about the puritanism of the American public.
And the fact that these right-wing Christians
and self-appointed moralists in our country
have decided that they can nail anybody they wanted any given time
based on their sexual peckardillos is what it's all about.
The only thing they keep forgetting is about their own peckardillos.
That's the problem.
That's the Chigger in the Woodpile.
Because most of these people think,
wow, nobody's ever going to find that out.
Oh, surprise.
Surprise.
Somebody puts up a lot of money.
You'd be amazed that all the crap that people will talk.
That's right.
Open line of day 56670560.
0560 on the AT&T line 1126 at QAN.
Oh, my God, your breath.
You're beautiful.
Coming soon to the theater near you.
Christopher Reeve is Superman.
Superman 5.
Well, tell Superman, Superman Quick.
Jimmy Olsen is drowning.
Hey, here comes Superman.
Here he comes.
He's in a little bit of a fight.
He's in a wheelchair.
Superman.
Superman.
Oh, damn.
Oh, damn.
Woo, okay.
Where's Germany?
Oh, too late.
Yeah, they had to call you Super Gimp.
Get out of here, you freak.
Oh, oh, Clark.
Nothing's happening.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Get on top of the larger.
Ow.
I see evil dawn.
I will be visiting out of way to defeat Superman.
We script a night.
No, steps.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Superman 5.
The search for a bigger doorway.
Rolling into a theater near you.
It puts an ocean in the basket.
It's 1130 at 560 WQM.
We have the B-line's all open.
All 200 at 560, 560, 560,
0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Oh, yes, sir.
Okay.
I don't get to listen to your show too often, but every saw.
And I get to run errands.
And I listen to your show a lot.
In the car.
The only request I have is, and I'm not like a closet request or anything,
but I love that guy that says, no, that mean guy.
I don't know who that is, but that's the best.
I don't like this new, no guy that you're using.
I guess the gay guy.
Yeah.
I'm here.
Oh, sorry.
I know it's shocking that I'm here, but I'm still here.
George is on the floor.
Oh.
You called me about the no.
Yes.
You made the effort to make a phone call.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Because I love him so much.
Good.
I hope you have a wonderful.
We have that together.
Hope you have a great life together, sir.
We have an open.
No.
Yeah.
We have an open line in Broward and all of the five six seven, 0560,
Tom 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
That's even I am shocked by that.
Takes a lot to shock me.
I am an estate of shock.
Ain't I?
No.
Oh.
Here's a lady in sunrise.
Hello.
Hi.
Yes, man.
You're funny, you tell.
Yes.
You're so funny.
I just want to ask you a quick question.
If you don't believe in God, why do you wear a beanie on your head?
Because it's a joke.
That's the point.
The point is because it's silly.
It's ridiculous.
I'm not wearing a beanie on my head now.
Oh, because I used to watch you on a way of the oven.
I can show us on, right?
And I did it.
And that's one of the reasons that the show was not anymore.
Because nobody got it.
Nobody understood what the hell I was doing.
Oh, my God.
Okay.
Now I feel really stupid on the air.
Right.
There you go.
Welcome to the club.
You're a member.
You're initiated.
Have a great life.
Thanks.
Bye-bye.
Okay.
Well, at least she admitted she was dumb.
And she was laughing about it.
We go nice going to the sweetheart.
Why did you wear a yamaka?
Everybody was so offended and you were talking about specs.
And there's a, oh, God.
I mean, was there any chance that that show, I mean, especially on that station, none, from the beginning.
A death nail, a death wish.
Why are you wearing a beanie on your head?
Because it looks stupid because it's silly.
Don't you get the message?
First, she starts out by saying how funny I am.
And that was the point.
That was the whole point.
And I'm wearing yarmulkas with Panther F stuff on it.
I mean, it was the one.
There's got the Rurley Bird one on here with the thing on the top.
Whatever the hell you call that thing.
Propeller.
Yeah, with a propeller on it.
Right.
Propeller head Rogers.
Oh, how come if you don't believe in God, you're wearing a beanie?
Well, let me ask you this.
You have to wear a beanie if you believe in God.
No.
And if you don't believe in God, can you wear a beanie?
Here you go.
What does that have to do with the price or price, sweetheart?
What are you wearing that silly beanie for?
We don't understand it.
Maybe if we could have somebody come on and could have explained it to us,
then we might have watched the show.
We have an open-line and proud all day.
This is our last call.
This is another struggle here today.
Another massive mammoth struggle.
On the 12th of January 1999, as I continue asking myself that question,
is it worth it?
And every time payday comes, I say, yes, but boy, oh boy.
What a massive battle this is.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
No.
That's for that guy.
No.
Here's a mobile in Hialeah.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, I'm a member of the Bass right wing conspiracy.
Yeah.
I am a ravaging Republican.
I think it's great what Flint's doing.
I just hope that somebody like a right wing millionaire,
like a group of my doctors, somebody, does the same thing to expose,
hypocrites in the left.
Yeah.
And maybe we'll get more responsible people in the government.
More responsible people, in other words, people that don't screw around.
In other words, you want people to be running the government,
who's sex lives are up to your standards, whatever those might be.
No, I want people who, if they're sex life, who are so deviant that they can't expose it
and tell the truth about it, they can't get in.
But if they got an abortion in the back, I'm big deal.
Yeah.
Tell the truth about it.
Don't lie.
Yeah.
That's what I want.
Well, you can see what you don't understand is that most, the most Democrats,
the overwhelming majority are pro, you know, pro choice.
They're not running around screaming the yelling about the evils of abortion
like Bob Bar was, and that's why he can't admit that he paid for his wife's abortion
or that he was involved in.
Well, I think abortions are only part of it.
I mean, everybody's got something to hide, and if it's so insidious that you've got to hide it,
maybe you shouldn't be in government.
Yeah.
But if you're missing the point of what the hypocrites are all about,
the hypocrites are pointing at Clinton for what he was caught with a zipper down,
and then the hypocrites, unfortunately, are on your side.
I hate to break the news to you.
They're on your side.
You know, the Democrats, they got plenty of, you know, they got the Barney Frank
and they got Ted Kennedy.
But almost of their exploits are already out in the open by now.
And they're still going to be elected every time they run for office.
And that's the way it should be, if it's that, if the people are willing to elect them
with all their faults, so be it.
But I'm sure there's people on the left side of the aisle that have to be.
But you're missing the point.
The people on the left side of the aisle aren't the ones who are devoting to impeach the president
because you've got a few blow jobs. You're missing the point.
Well, that's just in this case, you know, that we're talking about.
Yeah, that's in this case. That's only the president.
Right, okay. I'm glad you're happy. If you're happy, we're happy.
Wow.
Let's just, how about this guy? Let's rate, let's trace the call.
Let's get Robert Murdock to spend a couple of million dollars and find out
who this guy's been dillin, okay?
And what his penis looks like since he's obviously, you know,
rabid to find out about everybody's pecker dillos.
You're missing the points here. It's called hypocrisy.
It's called a bunch of dumb like Tom Harkin said yesterday.
Let's stop with this juvenile embarrassing bullcrap, this puritanical garbage, this swill,
which is the best that these right wingers that Kenneth star and Richard Mellon scape,
but all these right wingers, this is the best that they could do was tabloid crash.
That was the best they could do to try to overturn two elections.
Open line in Broward to end date, five six seven, oh five, 60, five, 60 on the 18 T line.
Mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing? Okay.
Neil, first of all, that guy should be fried at a black guy.
Yeah. Who cares about government anyway?
Most people can't control any of it to begin with.
At least that's all. Feel about it.
And certainly, Neil, I have to agree with that guy called I hate the new know.
Yeah, okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Another one of our thoughtful listeners out there.
Thank you.
Okay. We have two open lines in date, two in Broward, five six seven, oh five, 60,
and five five, 60 on the 18 T wireless line.
Here's Lantana. Hello.
Lantana. Yeah. Hello. Hello. Sorry, Neil.
Yes, sir. That's okay. Okay. A couple of things.
One is remember that woman who had all those babies in the media jumped on it.
The off-top of yes. Right. Seven of which are unfortunately still alive.
Well, one of the things that most of the news reporting agencies did not make public
was that he couldn't even see the babies for a while because he was under,
they had a worn out because he had hit the mother-in-law.
That woman's mother. Oh my God.
He had struck her and he was in trouble with the law for that.
Yeah. But of course, they kept glossing over that.
You know, like, oh, it's so wonderful.
And well, the father's not here right now. He's busy, but he's busy.
He's otherwise occupied. Yeah, dealing with the police.
So that just goes to show you what that's all about.
I think this is really a boon if they part in that expression.
They boon for a lot of minorities about it.
If they want to really catch up with everybody else, they can start overpopulating like crazy.
Just their properties, fertility pills.
I mean, you know, Viagra pill in one hand and a fertility pill in the other.
And man, there's no telling how fast we can start overrunning the human race.
Yeah. The White House will be paying it black by the year 2025.
They claim that's when Caucasians are a minority in the country and that's it.
And so all the whole picture is going to change.
Yeah. No, nothing wrong with that, but it's coming.
So just everybody hang in there.
Okay, I'll see you in Sweden, sir.
Thanks, buddy.
Okay, we have two open lines in day two and powered five six seven,
uh, by the year 2025.
Well, I didn't know they could multiply that good.
It's rough solution on its skin or else it gets the hose again.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Where he don't know where a stoke goes, I can see how there was no confusion between humor, door and humid horror.
And then again saw the term spedger box, means saw her naked, stars reportedly to go in blind.
I was a pianist and then she went.
That's what he was working hard late nights in the overrear fence, working on a practical joke.
He took a mac and noodle, put an explode in, load in for a mile, the girl was blowing rings a smoke.
That's fucking fake.
Build the cars and moniker's a china.
Alright.
She lets out a gay girl every time he makes a wick girl.
Moniker is not the kind you can do in the behind, but a cigar and herb a china she's all mine.
Please don't say the effort.
Or before feel that Hillary's been made a fool of by her husband, feel that Hillary was wrong.
Outrageous.
Up in the Lincoln bedroom, she was born and born and our girl was doing her with Bill's old bond.
That's what she was doing.
She lets out a gay girl every big and tiny makes a wick girl.
Moniker is not the kind you can do in the behind, but a cigar and herb a china she's all mine.
Yes.
Oh yeah.
What you gotta do is take a sip of real love and put it in a breath.
Oh yeah.
I'm sorry.
Sorry about that.
Or how about kind of like I'm decided.
We have two open lines today, two and powered.
They're dropping nuclear weapons at home.
Any interest out there?
No.
Okay.
5 6 7 0 5 6 the top 5 6 the other 18 T wireless line.
Oh yeah.
I had a mistake every time I come in here and start getting really more ocean depressed and taking everything seriously.
These people get very upset about that.
But you know something in spite of that, I still sneak it all in there.
Regardless, I've been doing that for years.
I still sneak it all in there, get my stuff across.
In spite of the fact that I think this is a, you know, a silly place.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Lady in Miami.
Hello.
Yes ma'am.
I know I don't get a chance to listen to your show very often.
I have a comment.
Now I have a couple of questions for you.
First of all, I'm a Christian.
And I do not condone the behavior of any of those, the Jerry Falwells and the Pat Robertson's amendment.
They are nothing but hypocrites.
If they were supposedly quote, called to preach the gospel, we were taught to forgive and move on.
They are so vindictive.
And the Republicans with their self-righteous hypocrites and can start with that Bible carry and smirk at his.
On his face, I hope they prefer.
You know, he's always taken out the garbage and I guess he's the expert when it comes to garbage.
Well, the thing is, there's an old saying, what goes around comes around and he's going to get his in space.
And now I have two questions.
On impeachment.
If the Republicans were so interested and so gong-ho to call witnesses like they are in the Senate, what happened to them not calling witnesses in their own?
In the House, right?
In the House, the minute you see it.
I tell you they're Brian from Nevada's on CNN right now and just got through saying exactly the same thing.
And I just don't understand these people in the media who had that convene all the timers again.
Anybody with a brain would be asking that question.
We all remember Henry Hyde and Tom Delay and the others getting up there and saying very adamantly, we don't need any witnesses.
We've got everything on the record.
This testimony was all in front of the grand jury.
There's no reason to call these people back because they would never change their testimony because that would make them purger and they would go straight to jail.
So it's all right there in the report. There's 8 million pages and let's go on with life.
We don't need to make our decision.
And then they drafted two articles of impeachment and presented in such a way not for the Senate to decide, but they presented in a way where they said that the Clinton should be removed from office based on their findings.
So if they've got all the evidence, if they had enough evidence to make that determination, why in the world accepted drag it out, of course, and open up the door for more crap to be brought in.
Why in the world should the Senate not call witnesses? It makes no sense.
No.
To me, this is...
You know what they're terrified.
I'll give you the answer.
What they are terrified of is that this thing is going to be resolved very quickly and they're going to sit down for a couple days and give their side.
And the presidents and attorneys are going to sit down and give his side and then they'll put their questions in writing and that'll take another day.
And then they'll take the first vote.
And the first vote will be 51 to 50 or maybe more than 51 to adjourn to get the whole thing over with.
That's what they're pinging their pants about.
And they're scared of death that is going to come back and bite them in the butt.
Right.
Now you got it.
That's right.
They're between a rock and a hard place because they carried it this far with a phonetical to re-of-histaria.
And now if the Senate doesn't finish them off, now they're really screwed in 2000.
Okay.
So what does the power to shut down Ken Star?
His office.
He's continuing to-
Can it re-own?
Well, Bush, you churred a lot of people back from the deal.
Well, yeah, we can't go see the political implications of that.
She can't put them out of business.
I mean, the president could fire them just like Nixon did.
Fire the special prosecutor and that would guarantee he'd be out.
But the thing is, wasn't he hired first of all to- he took over the white water.
They didn't find anything in there.
All the other gates that they had, they didn't find anything in there.
And he was selected by the way by Jesse Helms and Senator Ferrick Lock Ferrick,
all of those other white wingers in North Carolina.
Okay.
They're the ones who got him in there.
And then he finished his report on the Lewinsky deal.
Yeah.
Then it's a congress.
Yeah.
Now, shutting down.
There's no more out there.
Well, let's get the beach boards to shut it down.
Well, we need to do something because the man is a- is a menace and I don't want to waste my taxpayer's dollars anymore.
All right.
Have a great day.
Bye-bye.
Thank you so much.
There you go.
That's Christian lady.
And she says, uh, Ken starts full of crap is what she said.
In fact, she said, he's an asshole.
Well, I said it.
She wasn't going to say it.
I'll say it because I'm not a Christian.
I'm just a heathen.
Bastard.
We have an open line at day five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line.
Liars, hypocrites, one day they're saying one thing.
The next day they're saying something else.
And of course, they realize at this point that everybody is so inundated with this crap
that nobody except the most rabid people with no lives or watching MSNBC.
Nobody can stomach it other minute of this bull crap of this dumb.
Nice going Tom Harkin.
How dumb?
That's what it is.
Here's a mobile import lottery.
Hello.
Hi.
How you doing now?
Great.
I got to tell you, I think our gold being said at the best.
Yeah.
The government wants to spend all this kind of money trying to investigate the right porn.
It's, you know, he's going to put a lot of good companies out of business that are already in this business.
You know, and I think they just need to focus the country and continuing to grow.
I think now, you said that's where you cool Ken Star.
You're looking for the glory hole.
I think that's something that up well.
Yeah.
I mean, we got to focus the entire world is looking laughing at what we're doing.
You know, this, I don't really care whether the president had a fair or not.
I just want to know that he's doing the right thing and guiding our country.
I think he's going to make a lot of people a Republican convert to a Democrat.
I keep reading letters to the editor in papers every day from people saying that after, after 20 years, after 40 years, after 50 years, I'm switching.
I was registered Republican all those years.
Now I'm becoming a Democrat.
I'm switching because I'm so nauseated by the fanaticism of my party and this hysterical witch on this lynch mob.
It's, it's, it's, it's everything.
Who cares?
I mean, if he would have lied about, about anything that had money with government, business, business.
Like, like, like, for like, funneling money to the conference, right?
That's something like that.
Then maybe we ought to impeach him.
Right? Like, he shouldn't under Reagan and Bush.
Right.
Or, or some sort of real good scam that he's going to profit, you know, he profit it from his office.
Right.
Definitely. I'd be the first one out there with a banner out there.
Yeah. Well, they don't have it.
They spent $50 million and they still couldn't find it.
So now we got penis gain.
Right. That's, and that's, that's the whole key.
So he lied. He, let's say he really did lie.
He lied. What did he lie?
He lied about himself and their, under oath.
Who cares? I mean, it's like, who else hasn't done that, you know?
Well, so far we're not finding out too many.
Okay. Have a great day, Phil.
So that thing about trend lot, boy, I can't, don't let me be asleep on the day that that story comes out.
Woo! If that's true.
Supposedly at Hanky Panky with two guys while in college, and supposedly is one of the next on the list, the big fish,
that Larry Flynn is going to fry trend lot.
Mr. Self-righteous piece of turd, opening up a big mouth.
Maybe he was doing it with Reggie White.
Wouldn't that be something? That would be quite a revelation.
So one thing I've discovered is that homophobic people, see, or like George says, he makes a good point,
that is most heterosexual people are not concerned with other people's sex lives,
unless they're molesting children, something like that, unless they're raping somebody, abusing somebody,
but other than that, most ordinary people aren't concerned with who other people are doing,
because it doesn't affect them. It doesn't interest them.
So that when you get rabidly homophobic people, I have generally found throughout my lifetime that people of that ilk
are people who've got real serious hang-ups and problems of their own.
As in you can hear the skeletons rattling in their closet.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Am I any? Yes, sir?
Neil, speaking.
I love the show.
Of course.
First of all, and I want to vote on the no.
Yes?
Um, I am.
No. No.
Actually, it's the original one. Neil, you used to use that.
No. No. No.
No. That's the one.
That's the original one.
That's the original one.
Well, that's the one.
Yeah, that's the original one.
No. That's the one, Neil.
Don't need $60.
No. What about the Jamaican, uh, yeah, mine.
Yeah, what about it?
Can I hear it?
Can you hear it?
Sure.
For a million dollars.
Yeah, mine.
Have a great day, pal.
Get out of here.
Two open lines in date.
566705, 60.
Pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Um, Ted Levine, the one who plays Buffalo Bill.
Yes.
He's in a movie.
Uh, the movie's not that good, but it's on HBO.
A short time called Bullets.
How it plays the low stream in the past.
Yeah.
With Nikki Rourke, where he played, you've got Nikki Rourke.
Yeah, who's terrible, of course.
Of course.
But really, you know that he plays his brother and he's working around in his dirty robe and dirty white underwear at all movie.
He's like a power military guy who's waiting for the next war.
He's walking around with bazookas and he's really out of it and whacked it.
He's a f***ing waltz, we're in the back.
Yeah.
He's really good.
He's good when he plays those wackos.
So I just wanted to tell you that just to see that movie Bullets to tape it, they're forward to his scenes.
He's really good.
Okay, excellent.
Thanks for the good news.
Okay, bye.
Good news, right?
Yes.
Open line of date one and Broward, 5670, 568, 556, the other AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in North Miami.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
Listen, I want to play the note to it for me for sure.
It's Jeff O'Vene.
And I don't know if you had this on, kiddo.
But when you had a buffalo bill call that dermatologist office, it was the most hilarious conversation.
Yeah, now we don't have that.
Okay, thank you.
Okay, we have an open line of date one and Broward, 5670, 568, 556, on the simple thing.
I mean, on the AT&T wireless line.
Oh, God, who are you kidding, Neil?
Are you kidding yourself all these years?
Yes.
Full in yourself.
You just didlin' with it.
Here's Cooper City.
Hello.
Gee, you don't have it.
You should get it.
Get what?
Whatever the guy wants.
I got it.
Listen, he's going to get it.
What did you hear it?
Larry Flint last night?
What about it?
Well, you know, he's got that whole investigation.
What do you think I've been talking about here for two hours today?
George said nobody brought it up.
Nobody brought what up?
The fact that Larry Flint had a statue of two people in 60 in the Do-In-Doggy style.
Oh, I didn't hear that.
Right behind him.
No.
How to watch the take.
Over the hell is that from?
Where did you see that?
It's on C-SPAN.
Oh, on C-SPAN.
Oh, right.
Now we're talking.
C-SPAN.
It's Do-In-Doggy style.
Was that I've been absolutely familiar with you, you house?
That's the best thing I saw this morning.
Okay, thank you.
God bless you.
In fact, we're going to have a contest between El Goldstein and Larry Flint to see who's the
most perverted and who's the most popular, which we love them both.
Here's North Miami Beach.
Hello.
I would win that contest, hands down.
Okay.
How are you doing, Neil?
Great.
You know, the headflint done Good Morning America this morning.
Really?
Yeah.
Well, too bad.
I wasn't watching like everybody else.
I wasn't credible.
Yeah, like everybody else now a single jerk off his mention.
But anyway, because this is really pertinent to what you're talking about.
Yeah.
First of all, that guy called this as he would like to see, you know, Flint doing the same thing
to Democrats.
That's right.
He wants to report Murdoch.
He wants to do it right when you're like, who would Murdoch do it, too?
Yeah, okay.
Yeah, that's correct.
But what he said was that when he did this investigation, he found eight Republicans and he found
one Democrat.
Yeah.
And so he says he's going to expose them all.
He doesn't care if the Republican or Democrat.
He's trying to show the hypocrisy.
Oh, great.
In government, he doesn't care if it's Republican or Democrat.
And so that's that guy.
You don't need to be a Republican.
It doesn't take a genius to figure out why Bob Livingston and Bob Barrow be two of the
first ones that he would expose in light of what's going on.
I mean, you don't have to be a rocket scientist to figure that out.
That was going to be my second point.
The reason why he's doing that is exactly because these are the ones that are barking
the loudest.
Right.
All right.
You know, Gingrich is another one that eventually they'll find something on me.
Well, no, they already had him.
That's why he's gone.
I guarantee you can bait your life on it.
That's why he's a long gone.
I found you.
You think you're going to be a fast.
Yeah.
All right.
We're on the save way, Link.
I just wanted to touch base with you about that.
It was very interesting interview.
Well, like Tiny Tim said, God bless Larry Flynn.
Yeah.
Take care.
And have a great day.
Now, what Tiny Tim said, I think so.
You have an open line and date one and Broward.
5, 6, 7, our poll question Elvis.
Is it Elvis?
Is it Michael Jordan?
Is it no?
Or is it no?
Or does anybody care?
No.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
It's 11.57 a.m.
Let's start off a badge.
We're trying to speak weird.
Oh, it's.
This is Debbie.
Oh, hi, Debbie.
I'm in the student getting some operations done.
Okay.
And some body contouring and some liposuction.
Uh-huh.
And there was wondering if you did some tummy tuck.
And lip augmentation cosmetic compresses surgery face gift.
All of these things.
And you guys wondering.
What was your extra weight?
Well, I need to get everything done.
Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing.
Okay, we don't do that.
No.
Could you do breast implants, though?
Uh, I can't be done.
I know how they would do it right away.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Uh-huh.
How much?
Uh, 5,000.
Excellent.
I'd like to have my skin resurface too.
Uh-huh.
Laser surgery.
Uh-huh.
Have the lamb stop crying yet, mommy?
Thank you, Julie.
Don't hurt mommy's little baby.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV.
Okay.
Can you make me look more like a woman?
Well, we'll have to see you first.
And then upon looking at you, we can tell you that when we see you.
Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts, mommy?
Uh, if you'd like to.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Would you like to make an appointment?
Yes.
Okay.
Um, there is a $100 consultation fee.
That's fine.
Okay.
Okay.
Um, my name is Pablo Bill.
Okay, let me give you a little information from you.
Okay, it puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Do you want to come in for a consultation for a life?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Okay.
Would you like to make an appointment?
Do you want to call me back?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand.
I got my skin suit and it looks like, uh.
Bill.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand.
Would you like to make an appointment?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Okay.
I will talk to you in the chat.
Okay.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Hello?
I thought I wouldn't play that with our line.
Yeah.
geri- Gus.
  eo with 58560WQN, we have two open lines in As.
5 6 7 0 5 60 0 Drive 51560 on the No Diablo.
Take my flushes during the go.
And send a feel great.
It's their Express here in here.
Remember, because I'm breathing for a share and I'm not on that stuffy Delta Plain in healing
that horrible.
I'm positive that's what was it.
Sounds like a major lawsuit to me.
Here's a lady in Naples.
Hello?
Hi.
Yes, ma'am.
First of all, I want to say, you know I don't know why everybody's complaining about it.
No.
I think it's fine now.
I think it's spectacular.
And if they like the bit that I just played, how could they not like?
Look at these people.
I shouldn't believe something.
You can't do anything, right?
No.
All right.
So I wanted to ask you, I wanted to go back to Europe.
I haven't been to Rome, and I know you went to Amsterdam.
Yeah.
I've been to both places about 70, radio times, yes.
Are they really close?
Do you go to both?
Or is it?
It's about two hours flying time.
Oh, it's not bad.
No, not at all.
It's like flying less from here than here in New York.
I remember I was in Boca when that guy called up and said,
Did you have wild gay sex over there?
Oh, yeah, right.
Well, there's a guy with no life, and he's sitting there conjuring up.
I mean, the idea of me having wild any kind of something,
just so amusing, such a compliment.
Well, he's a figure you didn't smoke pot,
so you should have been smoking something.
Right.
My brother, he was smoked all the time.
He's the one who lost 30 pounds smoking crack.
Right.
He called me yesterday.
Listen, listen, I heard him smoke.
When did you get him out?
Huh?
I don't know.
Oh, when's he going to go out of the crack?
Yeah.
I don't know.
I'm trying to be correct, but I'm on my way here in Naples.
He's in Fort Lauderdale.
He's listening right now.
Probably smoking it.
We probably already heard from him today from the son of it.
Okay, well listen, have a great day.
And where are you going to go?
I'm going to Toronto in two weeks.
Great.
Well, that's good choice.
I think you're ass off.
I'm thinking about going to Amsterdam because I met this girl.
And she lives over there, but I knew you go to Rome all the time.
Yeah.
Where do you stay in Rome?
Oh, go to Amsterdam.
What do you have to go to Amsterdam?
Go to you have a great time.
All righty.
Forget about Rome.
Leave that to the Pope, okay?
The Pope got off the plane, so sorry, folks.
I'm too poofed to Pope.
Okay, have a great day.
Like I said, we have an open life in Broward.
I think she's needed us to it.
I think she's already been there and just went back to good stuff.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the mobile one line.
Wow.
Here's North Miami Beach.
Hello?
North Miami Beach is gone.
No, I'm right here.
Oh, you're right there.
Yeah, I just wanted to say that the reason...
Sounds very distant.
Like you have something over the phone?
No.
Oh, there you go.
The reason that the house wanted to finish there, if they're so fast,
and they can call witnesses, was because...
Because you don't know how to call me here.
The house comes in as five fewer Republicans, right?
That's right.
Right.
That's why they had the full court press on.
That's why there was a deadline, which anybody with a brain knows,
that when you're dealing with impeachment of a president,
there shouldn't be any deadline, unless, of course,
for politically expedient purposes, which it was.
That's right.
Excellent.
Right on target, to your excellent point.
Okay, all the deadlines are open.
All three of them, all six hundred of them.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60.
Pound five, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's the mobile in West Palm Beach.
Hello?
Hey, happy foreign meal.
And back to you.
Hey, I got a couple of them, by the way.
It's got to be within next year or four weeks, I think.
I'm probably...
I'm not a Jew, but...
Hey, you don't have to be...
You don't have to be Jewish to enjoy good human ties.
Happy Trump!
Hey, listen, I got a couple of things I wanted to talk about.
The first thing is, don't you think this would be a pretty good time for, like, a new political party
to emerge that would be more representative of most people?
I mean, I'm not a Democrat, I'm not a Republican.
Yeah.
And...
You can't add that little tour broth, Paros screwed up that thing.
I know that Jesse Ventura got in on that party, but he didn't win because it was a reform party.
He got in because he was Jesse the body of Ventura.
But the two bad we don't have an alternative, because the Republican Party, basically, is history.
They have imploded, they have self-destructed right in front of our very eyes, these last couple of months.
There are a bunch of mo-rons at this point.
Yes.
But the other thing I wanted to say is, kind of a programming note.
You ever thought about seeing if you get the beesleaf,
to get shit back on, let's say, morning hours to replace the worst team in any time?
I wouldn't get up.
They asked me that when I came here.
I wouldn't do mornings again for all the money in the world.
There isn't enough money to get me to get up at 4 o'clock in the morning anymore.
There's really, the only morning, so if you even work listening to his Bob and Tom,
and if you're past 5.95, you can't get the station.
Yeah, well, better than me. I'm not getting up at 4 in the morning from 2.00.
All right, old fart.
Love you now.
Have a great day.
We have an open line in Broward, all three in date.
What's wrong with these people in date counties?
The cat got your tongue there, you're killing a cat on the front lawn for lunch.
Maybe that's what it is, huh?
Some of you barbarians in date county out there that have got no opinion about anything in the goddamn world,
except where's the polota?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and 0.5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Where's the polota?
Anybody know?
No.
Here's a mobile implantation. Hello?
Hey, Neil. Good afternoon.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I want to put my vote in for the Larry King now.
Okay, thank you.
Okay, open-line in Broward, all three in date.
Last call for phone calls today, and we're going to wrap it up.
We're going to just zip it up real tight with a zip lock bag and go smoke it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0.5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Error, be now in it.
You know, you're rolling along.
It's always a rocky road in this town.
And then yesterday started a new era.
Every, you know, with the holiday era, this era, and you go a couple of weeks,
everything's great, and then comes along a new bump in the road.
That's the way it is doing a show in this town.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, are you following me?
I'm going too fast for head.
Here's.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and 0.5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Whatever one it is, this hour.
We pay for it.
And the call, too.
Mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello?
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Okay, sir.
You know, they call it Fort Radio.
With this morning, all they do is take calls from idiots.
Did you hear that?
I know I did not hear, sir.
And I know you didn't hear the beginning of my show.
I have CDs in my car.
Now, I do not listen to radio anymore.
Any station, I listen to music, and I'm very happy about it.
It's not even Fort Radio.
It's not even Fort Radio.
Well, and don't listen to it.
Very simple. I stopped his problem immediately.
If not sooner, don't listen to it.
That's what I'm doing.
I listen to my music.
I listen to Marvin Gaye and Tammy Turell coming to work this morning.
It was a Ohio man.
I was so happy.
I was in the way to laugh or cry.
I've heard my last press conference, boys and girls,
from some very unimportant shock.
I've heard no last one.
Wow.
Including Michael Jordan.
Are we going to have his press conference on his show?
No.
Oh, Barry Jackass will be upset.
I hope Michael Jordan, when he retires tomorrow,
I hope he holds his press conference between 10 and 2.
Will we broadcast it on this show?
Absolutely positively.
No.
No chance.
But isn't he really important?
No.
In the scheme of things?
No.
I mean, in the scheme of dollars and cents,
he's important in that scheme.
Nine minutes past noon at 5.60 WQN.
The Hank Goldberg show at 2.00 we got Booster Talkin'
baseball for some strange reason between 6.00 and 8.00
and Booster Talkin' Other Stuff from 8.00 to 10.
Ed Kaplan Talkin' Serious Gambling 10 o'clock tonight.
Happy Fourth.
It's kind of a foul.
It's something they can't seem to hide.
Okay.
Kind of a foul.
They can't admit that they like guys.
No, no, no, no.
They don't retreat when they talk to the crew.
So, I'll let that guy get in the queue.
And we'll have a reason to know.
I know, I know.
No, no, no, no.
I'm feeling lonely.
I'm feeling lonely.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kind of a foul.
What's Michael Jackson like to do?
Kind of a foul.
Who's he kidding? Is it you?
You're welcome.
No, no, no, no, no.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
12, 13 to 5, 16, WQA.
And wouldn't that be something if it turned out that, you know,
some of these people, I don't want to start mentioning no names, you know,
like Bob Barr.
Wow.
Maybe he was doing a little ride.
Who was the other one Tom Delay?
Wow.
And that BDI Charles Kennedy from Florida.
I'm serious.
I would have an accident.
Forty-myth.
Forty-myth.
If that turned out to be true.
Wouldn't surprise me.
He looks like a real closet case to me that BDI little twerp.
Takes one to no one, sweetheart.
That wouldn't be surprising between doing all of this interrogating.
I know what he's doing.
You're looking for the glory hole.
Right.
Probably one of those guys you run into in the truck stop up there in Lakeland.
You know, all you truckers out there, let's hear about Charles Kennedy.
By the way, speaking of, let's hear about it.
Anybody see that, because I forgot about last night on e&e Tony Perkins bio.
No.
Which I've already seen before, but my memory, you know, how weak it is.
And I'm wondering on that thing that they really mentioned tab 100 by name,
because he's still alive and very much in denial by the way.
Like he says, he kidding anybody, tab 100.
Oh, come on sweetheart, who you can.
Yeah, that was a hot and heavy.
I guess I read about that in the cellular closet.
Was that the name of the book?
Yeah, great book.
Here's a Hollywood.
Hello.
Hollywood.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi, Dean, how are you?
Great.
My vote goes for the aha.
Yeah.
The revolts.
Yeah.
And I want to tell you that I'm a registered Republican and I'm throwing away.
Throw it away.
Okay, I can't believe these people.
Okay, that's throw it out.
What's that?
When in doubt, get out while getting as good before they won't let you out.
I'm indefinitely.
I'm indefinitely doubt.
Let me tell you this.
Right wing conservators, they think they're right wing conservators.
And look what they're doing.
All these things coming up.
Yeah.
From one guy out there.
Well, the motto of the Republican Party.
Now, don't do as we do as we say.
That's their new motto.
I'm believe more.
I'm believe what a shame these people are.
Well, God bless you, sir.
Great job.
And have a great day.
We have an open line in Broward to and date.
If I say anybody see that Tony Perkins bio on A&E last night that somebody called it to remind me about.
Did he see it?
No.
Did anybody see it?
Okay, I'm just asking and passing.
I was busy watching hockey games so I wouldn't have seen it.
I'm a real intellectual.
I watched my hockey games.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, you love your show today.
Uh-huh.
My boat is for Buffalo Bill.
Yeah.
Republicans are a bunch of hypocrites.
Yes.
Yes.
That's it.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Okay, Dave County's opened 56670560.
Pound 560 on a mobile one line.
Let's hear it for her.
Oh!
Here's Sport Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
I'm sorry.
I'm carrying ice around my grind here.
You're what?
Yeah, I got 10 stitches the other day.
I had a little operation.
And you're going?
Yeah.
In your record.
Okay.
And now I'm at the festival.
Oh, boy.
Oh, oh.
Anyway, I did it front.
I supposed to be back to work today.
Here I am, sitting here.
Listen, I just think about what you said about the reflas.
Yeah, I see.
Is that true that that little twerk parole was behind him?
No, it wasn't that so that he was behind him.
He ran on a reform party.
I don't know that parole had anything to do with him directly, but he, that's the party he ran on.
Oh.
Oh, I'll cause I won.
Cause I could be winning, you know.
I mean, I guess maybe he won.
He probably did just to the body venture.
That's how he won.
Yeah.
Because he was a wrestler and people like professional wrestlers, that's why.
And if they could bring gorgeous George back to life, they'd probably make them...
Yeah, I met him.
You're my, you're my, you're my.
Anthony, Anthony, do you want to go?
Anthony, do you want to go to California?
Anthony, do you want to go to California?
Anthony, do you want to go to California?
Okay.
All right, that's all I got to say.
Okay, heal up fast, pal. Good luck to you.
You'll need it.
Okay, open line and brow at all three in day.
Dead County is on the rag big time today, boy.
They're probably all out there parting with Xavier Suarez.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60 and 05, 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile implantation. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing? Just a warning to some of your listeners.
Four of Plantations finest are on university.
On the median strip.
Yeah.
Pointing their thing.
Pointing their things at the motorists.
University at Werser.
University north of Broward Boulevard.
Okay.
This is your crossing.
There's a lot of them stopped.
They're all four of them on motorcycles and they're waiting
to trough.
What are the troughs?
Okay, thanks a lot.
Everyone's a trough, maybe for lunch.
Troughs 17 at 5, 60, WQM.
Where's that, oh yeah.
Because we're not, this response here is pathetic to be honest with them.
Embarrassed and humiliated for this audience.
For this community.
I read the course. That's nothing new.
Am I always embarrassed and humiliated?
Uh-huh.
For them?
New Year's resolutions by Howard Beal in the city
linked this week who writes great columns in there about the media.
And yes, I won't read the four play.
But yes, suggestions for each of the local TV stations as far as their newscasts are concerned.
For Channel 4 we just stop showing the working for you promote featuring Ann Roberts and Camberl Marshall.
Everyone in town knows you've stuck it to Marshall.
And by the way, she's leaving.
You saw that.
She's leaving.
If he's such a problem while you're still using his space and image to query favor with viewers.
Get Brian Norcross off the anchored desk now.
And tell him the new color of his hair dye makes him look like an ad for the before picture.
New hair club for men ad campaign.
Get him off the ear now off the anchored desk.
WTVJ Channel 6.
It says try to say the name Willard Shepherd without using Gulf War veteran in front of it.
Stop propping him up as your Gulf War expert on one tour of duty does not an expert make.
Besides his analysis is neither informative nor interesting.
More reports from Nick Bogart.
The man has been in this town for what seems like decade and is the only true reporter you have on the station.
I was watching a thing.
Was it on was it that rat pack thing they showed the other night.
Was it about you and Connor and it was years and years ago in Miami.
I think it was Sam G and Connor they showed here maybe with traffic contact.
And Nick Bogart was one of the reporters in the background with a microphone this post.
A very young Nick Bogart.
And wait till you have this next line for Channel 6.
It says never allow Joe Rose to anchor another sports cast in this life or the next.
He reads and performs each show as if it's written for him and has no creative input whatsoever.
Then again that could be a good thing.
How do you like that?
Woo!
The little dog taking a real real serious shot huh?
Can I find it?
I like the wwe.
WSVN Channel 7 years Howard Beale's advice.
Stop creating those sophomore and insulting titles for every story such as Tennessee take down for the reason inmate escape.
Stop wasting the reporting talents of Carmell Caffer on insipid stories like a man writing stories about being good to animals.
The ladies approach what he doesn't deserve is better.
Make better use of Derek Hayward although at times he sounds like he should be doing field reports of the national inquiry.
He presents them hard hitting and extremely interesting stories.
For Channel 10.
Tell Dwight Lauderdale to stop acting and go back to reporting the news and Bishop is doing cartwheels in the other world right now over the top embarrassment he's become.
Stop mugging for the camera and is he getting younger looking or is it just my imagination?
No Howard is your imagination he's getting a lot older looking since he shaved off the mustache. He looks like Yamama, your daddy.
More Frank Fort and fewer former jocks doing sports on Channel 10.
Fort is the last of a dying breed in just about any town. He's upbeat and formed well spoken as an actual interest in something other than football and his fun to watch.
And more Michael Putney, one of the few reporters in town who doesn't do happy talk and does know how to tell a story.
His recent package on a changing relations with Cuba couldn't have been done by anybody else in town.
For WBZL Channel 39.
Either do your own newscasters.
Stop using the recycled news provided in your contract with WTVJ while WSVN is doing original material with the real staff attend to him.
This newscast is a sham material from earlier shows repackaged and poorly presented.
And last and certainly least, WANY Channel 69.
Keep Amy Ekens' anchor but tell her to stop copying the smug and annoying mannerisms of Belkies, Nurei and Lynn Martinez who have taken campy reporting to new lows.
Keep doing those quirky stories no one else would touch for fear of being non-traditional, junk the rest of the show and start over.
And while you're at it, condemn sports time for what it really is.
A 3-minute sportscaster, the next 19-minute is a material neither fresh nor interesting, a dismal failure.
Nice going there Howard Beale.
In CityLink Magazine which like I said, a lot of good stuff in there, too bad nobody reads it.
Here's a, what is it? I'm on the wrong line. Pop it OB, chill out.
Hey Neil, somebody needs to call a gilding that's scoring goals with matters the most in high.
Okay, thank you.
Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach.
Hello our last call of the day and then we go straight to music. Yes, sir.
Hey Neil, how you doing? Okay.
Second yourself.
Step one in the lotion in the canasta.
Yeah, which means it puts the lotion in the basket.
Oh, very good in Espanol but very kind of like a, you know, low key reading.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Well, I'm going to put this CD in the players when I'm going to do because we're all done for today.
Nice to have been with you two hours and twenty-one minutes and counting not too bad.
What do we want? Do we want the backstreet boys? George will say no to that.
How about Marvin Gaye and Tammy Tarell? Sounds good to me.
Last call is there any interest left here today?
No. 5 6 7 0 5 60, 0 5 5 60 on the mobile one line.
Been nice to be with you here.
12th of January, we're already finished pretty early.
I'm finding you I like.
Three more years I've missed.
It's okay.
Two every day there's something.
Honey, forgive me let you go.
And with every test of minute.
I'll create so much stronger.
I'll create so much stronger.
I'll create so much stronger.
I'll create so much stronger.
I'll create so much stronger.
I'll create so much stronger.
I'll create so much stronger.
I'll create so much stronger.
I'll create so much stronger.
I'll create so much stronger.
I'll create so much stronger.
I'll create so much stronger.
I'll create so much stronger.
I'll create so much stronger.
I'll create so much stronger.
I'll create so much stronger.
I'll create so much stronger.
I'll create so much stronger.
I'll create so much stronger.
I'll create so much stronger.
I'll create so much stronger.
I'll create so much stronger.
I'll create so much stronger.
I'll create so much stronger.
I'll create so much stronger.
I'll create so much stronger.
I'll create so much stronger.
I'll create so much stronger.
I'll create so much stronger.
I'll create so much stronger.
I'll create so much stronger.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
Maybe that's about a good minute.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
Hello.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
Hello.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
Hello.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
I want to give you a kiss.
