What's that number again?
This is Sports Radio 560 QAM.
Sports Radio 560 WQAM, Miami-Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
I talked to Neil called 560 560 toll free for data record or pound 560 on yourself.
All the opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM,
and easily read acquisitions or the beastly broad.
Roar, roar, roar, roar!
Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
She fakes orgasms. I faked four plays.
All right.
Everybody be on your best behavior.
Boss and Moses in the building.
Two way I move around when I go through.
I go to my mobo booth and support you.
I'm the toilet seat that we get swayed to the mobo beat.
The radio plays.
It's going out of load and I'm all through.
It's just one thing.
I got to do a little bit of space where there's all I need.
So I can make my high knees nice and easy.
I don't have to push.
I make control when I move inside the side of the toilet bowl.
I never have to spray it.
It comes out whole and looks a little like it to zero.
I just wait to the left.
I just wait to the right.
From the green to the green.
I can tell you why.
I don't think I'm burning calories.
I can never ever get a big red ring.
That's why big fat guys.
Who has you the exercise and have enough fun when they hit the five mobo move in number two?
Hey, let me be out of it.
I'm doing the pamper.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Come on, come on, come on.
There's a little girl in here.
She's gonna pop in.
I'm gonna pop in.
I'm gonna pop in.
I'm gonna pop in.
I'm gonna pop in.
I'm gonna pop in.
You believe me?
No.
Happy Tuesday to you.
It's gonna be a great day today.
I'm gonna spend four hours on Lewin and Winick today.
Now, seriously, you know, Halloween time always brings out the evil witch.
Doesn't it?
This is not a way to be about the evil witches.
I'm Gremlins, I'm Goblin, I'm disgusting, grotesque things like black cats, things like that.
Any evil witches like Lewin and Winick.
See, I'm sure that many of you work, you know, for a living.
And you work in places where maybe there's some people you like, some people you don't like.
But there's always one that stands out.
And we have many here.
In fact, you know what would be an interesting thing.
Maybe we'll pass out ballots tomorrow morning.
If your Bob DeMuth goes back over to West Coast, well, we don't want to do it today because it gives you a parents of like, you know, making trouble stuff like that.
Before I get into this about what we're gonna do tomorrow morning, I don't want to say we got any pussy's over there on the worst team.
And we do appreciate the sandwiches, by the way, guys, although, you know, we want to get in so many sandwiches because they had to have a place to hide the food.
Isn't that kind of embarrassing to you?
The fact that they had a like, I don't want to make it was from Borishead.
I don't want to mention his name on here.
The problem is huge, gigantic tray of all these great little, maybe an O-chase.
And they are good too, by the way.
Thanks a lot from Borishead.
I don't want to put his name on here because he's a putz, a chronic caller and a jet span.
But nevertheless, so they got this, you know, I walked in there to Donnie B to try to cheer him up a little bit.
And I see this enormous tray of all these little sandwiches.
But we already had some sandwiches from Atlantic City subs this morning, which we thank them for hugely over there in Hollywood.
I grew close personal friends.
But since these were sitting there, I thought, well, you know, why not?
And they turned out to be still warm and delicious.
Mmm.
Nicely in pork.
Yeah, lean pork.
And not too much here.
That Cuban horse meat.
That's too much.
Just a little for me.
Just enough to flavor it up.
And so anyway, I have one of them tell George I alert him the fact that there's more free food in there, which we're always scoping out.
And next thing, you know, George is opening up the door here in his room.
And I see him come back in here.
He's got the whole thing, which I thought nice work if you can get it.
And the reason that George had to bring all those sandwiches back in here was because the morning guys, those big macho guys, including the former jock.
Mr. Bighead.
There's so much you'll get to spend it again.
Is that it?
Especially now that our crybaby PD is back.
He don't want to get to spend it again.
The reason that they wanted the food out of there is because Bob DeMuth, who's our corporate engineer from over on the west coast, a real classy guy.
Kind of like the Beasley's, although a better dresser, but not much.
He's in the building today.
Are we impressed by that?
No.
No.
No.
But they don't want to see them with food in the control room because then he'll go back over to Naples and snitch on into the Beasley's.
Does that sound like kindergarten to you all over again?
See this audience, I'm telling you no matter how much I talk about this stuff, they've got to believe them making it up.
Boy, that kneel.
He sure got a 50 home or man.
You hit a crappies coming up with that.
It's all true.
I know it's scary.
But if you survived all the grossed and gremlins of Halloween, you can survive this too. We're trying.
It's all true.
So we have to, we're hoarding the sandwiches in here and they're coming in here.
In fact, those, those three in the morning show have never been in here that much since we've been up here in March.
We came up here in and out, in and out, in and out, even Jeff Cohen never saw as much in and out as we saw their last half hour.
During their 20 minute breaks, getting sandwiches, which were more than happy to hoard their food.
And eat a little extra two while it happens to be in here.
How many we got left? About 200.
And boy, they're great in the microwave.
Oh, yeah, the cheese melts again on those maybe no cheese.
And those are really good. Thanks again.
I'm poor said.
Yeah, I'm not going to mention his name.
Rhymes with bitchy, which brings me back again, of course, the water name.
Oh, yeah, we got to low down finally on that golf term.
And I'm going to do four hours on people that play golf today.
In fact, I'm going to save this thing about the, because I don't want you to start with all your anti-juu propaganda again.
I'll say that for tomorrow.
Well, seriously, I want to talk about people assholes that play golf.
You know, one of the reasons that people play golf.
One category of people who play golf, name droppers.
I played golf with the other day.
I don't want to mention anybody on this station who's famous for doing that.
Oh, yeah, so until it's coming to town.
Yeah, let's call up so until I get us, you know,
get us around to golf for tomorrow because so it because it's coming to town.
Name droppers play golf.
That's not who you were talking about doing at this morning.
What's that?
That's not who you're talking about name dropping.
He's out of town.
You want to know why you can't start.
You can't start soon enough.
Can you why don't you wait till the team comes back to town?
Then you can knock your best close friend, Rimmer.
Who also likes to go out and play golf and say, oh, I played golf with a Ray Whitney this morning.
I was playing golf with a with a in the blank, you know.
Now see in Rimmer's case, it's more like filling in the blank time because he basically has no life.
So that I understand that.
But there are a lot of people who do it, isn't it?
And like I was 20 before, I don't mind.
If you're really that bored and you have to bond with the guys and go out and have 30 or 40 beers,
you know, it's okay.
I guess the one's going to go out and play around with golf.
But people who are obsessed with golf, all I can say about them is,
yeah, sick.
You just you put me into a coma and wait till you find out the whole this whole thing with his golf
permits with this charity golf stuff.
It's a scam anyway.
It's a big scam.
First of all, the place doesn't donate at least in this particular case and take all the information to my hand.
They don't donate to golf course for the day.
And maybe they reduced the fees, the greens fees.
I don't know what it ordinarily would be like at Lago Mar.
But we had 110 players at 42 bucks each.
So it cost 4,600 bucks just up front for the guys that for the 110 people to play golf that day.
So what's the big stimulus with that?
People who play golf.
And by the way, how come pain store was so important that he made like the whole front page and hours and hours and hours.
Or here's that awful video again by the way.
You know what I'm talking about?
But nevertheless, how come Walter Peyton, not only one of the greatest football players and athletes in history is only 45 years old.
But a guy who was loved by everybody, one of the really, I mean at the time when there's so many scumbags in sports,
here's the guy you couldn't say anything bad about him if you wanted to.
One of the real gentlemen, a great human being.
He dies at the age of 45 terminal cancer following his liver disease.
And it's like on the, you know, on the side of the paper there.
And I realize it's only going to take a year and a half to sort out the thing with this Egyptian airplane crash.
So they got to spend all of their time crapping around on that on the, yeah, Walter Peyton, he gets like two minutes here and a minute and a half there.
See, it goes back to this golfing again.
I got to break the news to you.
I don't care about pain store.
That may sound very insensitive.
If not pleasant when anybody dies, especially a horrible death in a plane crash, especially at the age of 42.
But like the old song goes, I don't care.
How's that song go?
I don't care.
No, I really don't.
Do you care about pain store, that I'd be honest with me?
Do you really care?
I still don't know who the hell he is.
There you go.
And he wore nickers.
He wore nickers.
And so in his golf term, they just had this last weekend, which I have no idea what it was.
Most of the guys who were wearing nickers in his honor.
Yeah, that's golf.
It's a good thing he didn't wear bloomers, you know?
But Walter Payton dies.
And even you care about Walter Payton dies.
You don't even know who he is.
You wouldn't know Walter Payton from Sandy Payton.
Right, exactly.
Either one of them.
Yeah, but you do care.
Yeah, I care.
Because he was a good guy.
I care a lot.
See?
There you go.
I have it here.
Excellent.
Come on, Doug.
He's peering up already.
In fact, I bet you'd love for his only emotional about this.
Come back on a plane from New Orleans from that Halloween weekend.
10 past 10 at 5.
60 W to QM.
I got all the information about that golf term, about the tremendous, tremendous pro-steeds
that we finally embarrassed them in the maybe someday given the center one.
Another QAM scandal here.
In fact, maybe Bob DeMuth can take back word of this scandal.
The fact that the reputation of this company is going right on the old toilet.
Because of the way that they do business, especially our sales manager, Screw Ann Winnick.
Who emphasizes the screw everybody else part.
And Quit messes with my sponsors to why you're added by the way, Screw Ann.
Quit calling up and bitching everybody out.
Bitch.
It's 11.5 to 10 at QM.
No portion of this broad guest may be reproduced without the express written permission.
Now, WQAM easily reads acquisition court.
This is your form of voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
They don't come any better than Neil Rogers.
Good bye, Mayor Fina.
Yes.
You won't be in this battle.
Nice and well, you're a good bitch.
You won't see about dirty news.
You're a real, that dying off a long, little, your goal.
Oh, great.
Back in that, which had proven.
But they ain't a champion.
Because in any other city you'll realize.
You're a tiny fish in a big heart.
And Dr. Winn of the torts,
and you'll find the treasure of the forest in two years.
And the regrets derive,
will find another way to deliver.
They have been as well as the seas.
Oh, I think they'll be the hearts I am out of.
Oh, no, no.
I ain't papa what's the title of this?
Penn 16 to 560, WDQ William.
So anyway, just during the break we collected all our ballots from around the building.
73 ballots.
It's unanimous.
73 all said,
the evil one is a fucking bitch.
You and Winnock are sales managers.
How do you like that?
The most evil one of them all in the building.
You know, not everybody's perfect,
but she's a perfect evil bitch.
You know what?
Perfect.
Uh-huh.
So, troublemaking, obnoxious, devious, dangerous.
Picture collecting, blackmailing, bitch.
So here's the lowdown.
Here's the skinny as they say.
Why do they say that?
By the way, I can't stand people at the say things like that.
Here's the skinny.
You know who's to say that?
Harry Smith used to say that on the CBS Morning Show,
and he's long gone off of there.
And he replaced him with that goddamn Brian Cumble.
I close the show if you say things like that.
If you say stupid cliche written crap like,
here's the skinny on the fire grass.
And deservedly so too.
I liked Harry.
He was okay, but he should never have said that.
Especially sitting next to that fat Mark McEwan.
Anyway, so we have all the look at this.
We've got pages and pages in the nephew.
Nice going there, Chris.
Chris Reed in spite of his lineage.
What did I tell you about?
Your lineage doesn't mean anything.
He's one of the few people in the building.
It does any work that has any idea what's going on.
And isn't afraid to buy the move.
But I guess he can afford not to be afraid of anybody.
His uncle is the boss.
But at any rate, he's a good guy.
Got me all the information about that.
He'll say that OJ golf tournament.
Wasn't it the OJ golf tournament, the center one?
Whatever was supposed to be.
And like I said, I read this.
Letter from Tracy K. Rassato to Carol, our good friend Carol at center one.
And then I take a look at this thing.
And remember Hank was talking to us about this about 10 days ago on a year.
About golf tournaments.
Our big waste of time as far as fundraisers.
And by the time you get rid of all the expenses, there's almost never anything left over.
Absolutely correct, Compar.
Right on target.
Like I said, it cost $4,620 just for the green fees for the 110 people who participated.
And by the way, most of you 110 people, you're not fooling me.
The reason we don't hear from those people, like some people said yesterday,
they'll care what the proceeds went.
They just wanted to go out there and smooth with Don Strach and with Spud Web and Scooter Magruder.
Whoever the hell they were.
Now the only reason I mentioned Spud Web and Scooter Magruder.
What kind of a name is that?
Scooter Magruder.
Is that guest fees?
It's his 80 bucks.
So I'm assuming each got $40.
Does anybody in this audience tell me who is Spud Web or Scooter Magruder?
No.
And they're the only two people that got paid for being there, according to this.
So to make a long story short, by the time they got through, the cost of this,
which they paid the doff and cheerleaders, $200 bucks also to appear and shake their booties,
the expenses were $7,467 bucks.
The income taken in from the fees that the people paid to play,
and the money taken in on the day of the tournament, $690, according to this.
So basically they lost $777 bucks, something like that.
They lost.
But they also raised money with that silent auction and then of course some people
that I don't want to mention, Luanne and Phyllis, the water Nazi,
they arbitrarily decided that they were going to sell raffle tickets for the American Cancer Society
in honor of the sales guy from a Power 96 who would die the week before.
They just arbitrarily decided.
So there was another $800 bucks.
So they're total of $2,530 raised in cash.
So at least $1,700.
So did you tell me all of that is going to go to center one now?
Is that what you said?
That's what I was told yesterday.
After my tie raid yesterday and going eight shot on the year and screaming and yelling
and rightfully so about the way this whole thing was missandled.
See, the bottom line to this, do you realize how much pleasant all of our lives could have been?
No OJ business, no screaming and yelling, no hanging up on Carol and threatening the black male or black male.
But those naked pictures, none of this stuff.
If there were just wouldn't have been any golf tournament in the first place, what did I say when your close friend Tracy, by the way,
for whom I have no respect, even though he's long gone out of here, I respect him for that.
But nevertheless, he did nothing.
He was a zero.
The only reason you like him was because he went to your swing club.
In addition to what he was like.
He was a good promotion guy over at PAX and he was a...
Oh, right, not a...
...haxon.
What did he do with the hands guy here?
He wasn't a promotion guy.
What was he here?
He was in the middle of the party and I'd taken a charge of...
And I'll agree with you.
So making up things that they could sell.
Making up things?
Aren't we, we could sell?
That's what we're best at here at QM, isn't it?
Making up things?
I'm on the like stories.
Our boss was real good at that.
Making up things like stories, lies, BS, and he couldn't...
Don't we specialize in that our specialty here at QM, making up things?
Yes.
Yeah.
Why are you defending him?
He's gone now.
I know, because he was a good guy.
I could make it pictures and he got out for the swing club.
He got out of here.
Like I said, always like that crazy.
He looks smart like Scott Schwartz.
He got out of here as fast as he could.
He said, I can't do business this way.
These aren't business people.
These are crazy people is what he said.
Take that back to Naples Bob Demouth.
Yeah.
Take that back with you.
Of course you don't have to take it back, because they're listening on 770 right now anyway.
They got to cranked up so a lot of the speakers are vibrating all over the buildings over there.
At the Beasley headquarters.
They know it's true.
And you know what?
They don't care.
They're singing the same song.
I'm singing.
I don't care.
That's right.
That's a big song these days around here.
That's number one on the old hit parade.
And we left the letter off a hit by the way.
That's number one.
We don't care.
Okay.
Rip us all you want.
Just keep rolling the money in there.
Okay.
No problem.
I'll take it twice a month.
We'll keep rolling the money in.
I'm going to keep ripping you when it's.
Because you're not going to change.
You're still a bunch of sloppy dresses that make me look like a fashion plate.
And you still got people running this place over here.
Most of them belong in a mental asylum.
In a mental asylum.
Let me say it again.
Kindergarten would be.
It would be okay if it was safe to, you know, little kids usually you can turn them loose.
These people aren't safe to be turned loose.
They belong like in the kindergarten ward of a mental institution.
So the bottom line is there's another 2500 bucks for center one.
And it sure was painless.
We went to pizza loft in two hours.
With no pain, we had a good time.
We had all those nice people show up.
We had a bunch of free-loading people from the station eating free meals.
And we raised four grand in two hours.
No pain, no OJ, no wife, foster, no strain, no, uh, no discraft.
So like I said, please don't do us any more help.
Please, I'm begging you, leave us alone.
Screw and.
Nothing we want to turn down your great generosity.
And your tremendous concern for our charitable efforts.
Leave us alone.
But out in other words, but out.
Here's a mobile in booker. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir.
Yeah, you're doing this.
Okay.
All right.
I know where that money went from the golf tournament.
Yeah.
Went to OJ's legal cost.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Hello.
Yeah. I'm listening.
I know you're shocked, but I'm listening.
Isn't that where you think it went?
No.
Where'd it go?
What, what were you on today?
What are your own volumes?
Are you on Dogy Donuts?
What are you taking?
What is it?
What is he on?
I'm on Shannon Banner.
Oh, right.
There's a kind of call that we love on a show?
Yeah.
He's on Hock and a Chinese is what he's on.
on something I don't know what Kelly said but I liked it.
It was great.
God bless you sir, that's the best call I've had in years.
Man it was great.
By the way, I told Donnie Brennan,
I chewed him and asked this morning,
you know the surly Donnie B,
who says he's not surly, he just moody.
And we finally, he finally got into a good mood.
It's for the first time in two years since I've been here
because the free sandwiches showed up.
Ow!
I found out what it takes to get him into a good mood,
free food.
But Don Brennan wrote a grotesque column
in the Ottawa newspaper yesterday morning,
questioning the discretion of several Panther players
who were seen in the Ottawa bar,
1245 in the morning after the team got in
from Friday's overtime loss in Buffalo.
Also questioned the Panthers morning's skate attendance
and that Pavel Burry was late
and spent more time talking on his cell phone
outside the building than being around the locker room.
And TM of course was psychotic over this column,
over Donnie B's rotest column in the Ottawa newspaper.
He said it's embarrassing for us as the FP organization.
It took me about five minutes after reading this this morning
to figure out that the FP organization
is the Florida Panther organization.
Very embarrassing, he said, for the game itself
and for the players in the game
to see that kind of an article written,
a player after a game arriving in a wicity
goes to have a beer and ends up in a paper.
There's no justification for it.
He says, for me as a coach,
I don't mind if my players go to have a beer,
I don't mind about them being out too late.
Just make sure they speak English.
That's what he said.
There you go, there's Terry Murray.
You notice how he stays calm while everything seems
to be falling apart at the scenes
and they're losing their ass lately
and everything just seems crumbling
and head it can get suspended three games.
And Chris, Chris Wiles gets suspended four games
at the head of party.
We're safe now for a while.
Here's the mobile in Miami, hello.
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
But Webb played basketball for the Atlanta Hawks.
Oh, I'm impressed.
He was pretty exciting.
He was trying not to begin a big fan.
Must've been a heavy duty guy to get 40 bucks
for an appearance at a golf tournament.
Exactly, but he's short
but he could dunk the ball and he was pretty,
like a mighty Mike kind of thing.
Yeah.
So, what about the other one?
I know, no, never heard of before.
So you think like you're in a good mood,
would you mind if I plug our co-owness club
by a golf tournament that's coming out?
Scooter McGruder, that was the other guy.
Was he done or what?
I wasn't paying any, you know, he was done.
I think he was done, I heard the dial tone.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
We're gonna talk about golf today, man,
with the elected or not.
I hate golf, I can't stand people with play golf.
I'm nauseated by people who are in the golf.
I mean, to reach its own, it's a free country.
If you wanna go out there and waste your time with this crap,
if you wanna get all bent out of shape about pain,
and store it, I personally take great, you know,
I'm disturbed about the death of Walter Payton.
He was only 5, 45 years old.
He died a grotesque, grizzly death,
as only God can inflict.
And he was a great guy.
And I just heard him at the end of the morning,
show be moning the fact that
there's really no good running back to the NFL
because basically, league is watered down.
It's a bunch of crap, like that Packers performance last night.
What a bunch of Packers they are, man.
Garbage, right there at home.
Walter Payton, is there anybody around like him?
No way, Jose.
And who the hell cares?
But Payton Stewart, but I'm a,
we had 8 billion words on here.
Because you people in the media don't know what side
your God damn bread is buttered down.
Okay, you're a bunch of morons,
you're a bunch of imbussels.
Nobody in their right mind
gives a flying crap about Payton Stewart.
Even though, like I said, it's bad when anybody dies,
but it's not worth on the front page of the newspaper
or 700 hours on CNN.
And George, don't care at all.
What? How's that song go?
27 after 10 at 560 WQM.
Only one South Florida radio station has the hammer.
And you're listening to it.
Hey, gover, week day after noon to two.
Sports Radio 560 QAM.
Hey, do you melt my jockey shorts?
No.
Don't you love Bill Bradley?
Don't we need Bill Bradley?
He's more than 6 feet tall.
Place for basketball.
Don't you love Bill Bradley?
Yeah, we need him Bradley.
He's gonna win the race.
People of him cause he is an outdoor.
Did I mention that he is an outdoor?
He played for the nick.
He doesn't borrow sick.
Yeah, we love him cause he is an outdoor.
Not outdoor.
Not outdoor.
Not outdoor.
Yeah, he's not outdoor.
I'll say it one time more.
We love Bill a lot.
Mostly cause he's not boring outbursts.
Not outdoor.
Well, don't you love Bill Bradley?
Don't you love Bill Bradley?
No.
Not really.
1032 at 560 W.
Here's the fact to show you the important people we got for that golf tournament.
The fact that Scooter McGruder was a character from the movie Happy Gilmore with Adam Sandler.
I'm guessing the actor who portrayed him is the guy you're asking about.
So that goes to show you.
We paid the one guy, the little midget guy who used to play basketball for Atlanta.
We paid him 40 bucks to show up.
And then some guy named Scooter McGruder.
Anybody know who that is?
Oh.
Anybody call you and tell you who that was?
Maybe.
What do you mean?
They might have, but then I forgot immediately.
I just got to speak that language.
Well, we got a lot of stuff going on in here.
Okay, cause Blum just came in and said,
I said that.
What he said?
So do you care that this show is the allaccess.com show of the week?
It's a website that features different online radio shows and whatnot.
And in the news, talks, sports, section,
you're the featured show of the week.
Feature show of the week went all week.
All week.
Well, that's bad because the people listening all over the world,
they know who Scoot and when it is.
They don't care about the guy named golf tournament.
I mean, it's too parochial this week.
If you've ever seen that before, I would have still done the same thing.
Now, see, that's one thing.
I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't cater.
I don't whore myself to people who might be listening on the periphery of our existence.
This is a South Florida show.
Okay? Even for the West Coast.
They appreciate it because they got to cheek beef.
These over there on the West Coast.
They know what it's all about.
They can relate to it.
And so if you people listening around the rest of the world were delighted that you listened to a real goddamn radio show,
that's great.
And if you're wondering kind of like, what's it all about?
Just keep listening.
You'll find out.
That's why anybody who like my good, close person, a lawyer and manager, norm can't.
Whatever the hell is title is this week.
Give me a song and a dance about people that do focus groups.
The new Roger show would never make it in the focus group because you have to listen to it at least 400 times before you catch on to what it's all.
We've got people have been listening to me for 20 years and I still don't understand what this shows about.
God bless them.
They're a little slow.
Okay, like the guy who called his own, whatever he was on.
How can a trinix?
So now look at this.
So here's all the, here's all the literature that we sent out.
One of our fine people out there has sent me all the propaganda that we sent out for that golf tournament.
See, basically it boils down to this.
We did a celebrity golf tournament that turned out to be a sham in a scam and now they're trying to cover the ass.
And then OJ was invited to appear and spread the fact we were told he absolutely would not be invited to appear since we insisted on it.
And he did appear and we've had like major embarrassment and humiliation from coast to coast.
It was on Howard show.
It was in New York post.
It was in sports illustrated.
It was an engulfing thing that we got called about yesterday.
We're embarrassed and humiliated but guess what?
We still don't care.
Because it's Greg Reed and the beastlies.
There's nothing you could say or do to a virus or humiliation.
Except maybe if somebody showed those naked pictures of Greg and a billy-goat that the screw-in's gotten their drawer downstairs.
Oh yeah.
See, she thinks that she can use pictures to like blackmail everybody because she's got a long history of doing it.
You know what I'm saying?
Uh-huh.
Well, they ain't going to work this time.
Screw-in.
And by the way, Carol says she don't care if you show us the pictures of her and the billy-goat.
See it in any way.
Yeah, we already saw them.
Pretty boring.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
This is a Holy-O-American that's very informed and the screw-in-the-magruder was an ex-discensive back for the dolphins about four or five years ago.
Oh my god.
I never heard of him.
Yep, he was around here.
Not too long ago.
Can I get him a router?
Yeah.
Check it out.
I thought he was somebody that worked with Nixon.
Yeah, a bucket head and see if he could tell you what to do.
A bucket head.
Okay, thanks, pal.
Okay, what a good memory that guy said, huh?
Another one of those bucket heads kind of like, Roar!
Okay, there you go.
There's the answer to our riddle today.
Who is Scooter God, Dan McGruder?
56670560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line?
Oh, I see it says in the propaganda we sent out.
Porsons of the proceeds from the second annual about.com WQM celebrity golf tournament presented by Michel O'Bear will benefit center one.
Porsons of.
And it goes on and on.
A great length of about center one and how great they are and what good work they do for like real living and breathing people.
For some 1,000 bucks, individual golf for 300 bucks.
Got a whole big look at all this literature they put out.
They got a bunch of signs.
Like I said, they spent $200 to the guy named Dolphin Cheerleaders.
And from what I hear about the Dolphin Cheerleaders, I don't think most of you guys would spend 200 bucks even for the night is what I'm hearing.
I could be wrong about that, but that's what I'm hearing as in...
Yeah.
Here's Mimebe, tell him.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, hi.
That last caller, he was correct.
That guy did play for the Dolphin.
His name was Greg McGooder. His nickname was Scooter McGooder.
Yeah.
And that fact you got that for the...
The guy's name was Shooter McGavin on a happy Gilmore.
Yeah.
Scooter McGooder.
That guy's an asshole.
That's the fact.
He don't only shoot him a Gavin from Scooter McGooder?
No, he don't.
He probably don't always ask from his...
Back to him.
Either.
You should open his zipper and check it out.
Okay.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
What's your pen, the Death of Walter Payton?
What is my opinion on it?
Call Hank and ask him his opinion on it.
What's my opinion on the Death of Walter Payton?
That's like that call.
That's like that famous call at Hank had last week.
The Payton Stewart call.
Do we have that in here?
Do we still have that in the goddamn thing?
Yeah, let's go to Rob and North Miami, you're on WQM.
Hello, Rob.
Hey, Hank, I just wanted to ask you, you know, you know,
a lot about sports and most people.
I was curious as to what you think about the Payton Stewart plane crash
and him dying today.
That doesn't have anything to do with sports.
Sure.
I mean, I have an opinion about it.
What would it be?
Well, you know, I just think he was a really nice guy.
I didn't know him.
I'm sorry.
He gave me past the way.
It's sad, but what can I add to it?
To that, you know, it's...
I didn't know him.
But, you know, it's sad when anybody dies.
Yeah.
But what's your opinion on Walter Payton dying?
Like a oxygen-dive.
What's your opinion on grandma Moses dying?
You know what I say?
It's that Dan Gottigan.
That's the problem that fictitious, sinful, hateful, sadistic God,
the same one who invented Luan Winnick.
There you go.
Talk about being sadistic and inflicting that pitch on the rest of us here at QAM and the entire world.
Yeah, with a liver disease and then of course with a cancer that got in there because it delivered disease.
So here's a fine man admired and loved by all, only 45 years old.
And the religionists would say, oh, well, it was his time.
God decided to take him.
Yeah.
Which is why he had to endure all of that pain and agony and all that other bull crap.
What a wonderful God you people have invented, man.
What a... there's only one God.
Deal, God!
Make no mistake about it.
Other than that, it's all a pile of horse-duty, okay?
So let me ask you, what's your opinion?
You can have an opinion on the media in the way that they're underplaying it because here's somebody like I said,
who was a major superstar of all time in professional sports and a great guy to top it all off.
He dies and it's like an afterthought.
Are they talking about it now on the... no!
But pain is still worked, dies because it was in a runaway plane crash and another one of those natural disasters.
And that's what the media thrives on.
They love that.
Oh, gee, can we hear some people screaming and yelling because the plane has fallen to the ground?
Can we hear that?
Can we stick the phone out there and Cairo?
And here's some of those poor jiffy ambassadors wailing and screaming and crying because their loved ones just died and had plane crash.
Here, stick the phone out.
So we can hear it a little bit louder.
You're a bunch of grave robbers, you people, and by the way, what's an N.C. still?
She needs help.
Angela Ray.
She needs to be put away.
We need to be protected from her and screw-in, Winick.
Although I think she's quite a little more benign than screw-in.
We need help protection from Angela Ray.
A giggle box.
I wonder where the feathers hidden in her back dome.
Twenty-four-eleven is five-sixty WQA-M.
Dolphins football sports radio.
Five-sixty.
Q.A.
And what a show.
What an embarrassment.
Tonight, only on the Amish channel.
It's high-speed thrills on the all-new World Wildest Buggy Chases.
Then stay tuned for an Amish channel exclusive.
Jeremiah, it's 12 inches.
You won!
The finalists of the Grand National Beer Growing Championship.
Followed by Barn Raising USA.
It all begins tonight at 8, 7 Central, with World Wildest Buggy Chases.
Only on the Amish channel.
Third, step out of the Buggy Chases.
Ten-fourty-four-five-sixty WQA-M.
So I'm looking at this thing.
We have one of our investigative people in the audience who looked into this golf tournament business.
And I don't want to sound like I'm starting to question the veracity of the information that's been handed to me here.
But I want you to stop and figure this out.
You don't have to be a rocket scientist to figure out.
If a force them cost $1,000 to participate in this tournament, individual $300.
Let's say that they were only four sums.
Okay?
That's $250 per person.
And how many people allegedly participated in this?
110?
Huh?
Well, 100 would be 25 grand.
And another 10 would be another 25...100.
Correct?
Correct.
That's $27,500.
George, let me say it again.
If this is really what they collected from these people to participate in the tournament,
a force them $1,000.
That's $250 per person.
And there were 110 participants.
That's $27,500 just from what was paid to participate to play in the golf tournament.
Now, you remember that original figure that was bandied about by somebody who wasn't here anymore?
I don't want to mention Sam the Sham, the scam.
Of 20, but we raised 25 grand.
Which all of a sudden vanished and disappeared.
And now it wasn't 25 grand anymore and it was just a number he made up.
You know what I'm saying?
How could it have been $27,500 for these people to participate?
110 silly people playing golf.
And yet it shows on a sheet that the nephew handed me.
Income from the players was $3,770.
A discrepancy of $24,000.
I ask.
Can you answer that question for me?
No.
No.
Of course I'm not good at math.
Yeah, well I am.
I'm real good at math.
That's the only thing I'm good at.
Math numbers.
And somehow this doesn't add up.
So yeah, I guess they figured that this would pass if I may and let them off the hook.
Just to hand me a bunch of these pages and everything and give me a big song of dance about how to, you know,
Spud Webb and Scooter McGruder and this one and that one.
But if indeed, and I'm sure that we must have somebody in this audience left over who isn't just a hit and run guy
who wanted to go out there and play with a bunch of super stars like Scooter McGruder for example.
Yeah.
We must have somebody in this audience who participated who can tell us how much they paid to participate in this great QAM mystery scandal golf tournament.
Because if it turns out that people were paying $250 or $300 a piece to participate and there were 110 people playing,
it doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out that that adds up to about 25 27 grand.
You know what I'm saying?
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hey Neil, how are you?
Okay, sir.
First of all, as far as the math goes with the green fees at $42, at least $22,000, oh, less than $23,000.
Well, plus there was money that was also collected on a day of the tournament for charity.
There was also money that they sold raffle tickets in the sound of auction.
It doesn't add up.
I wanted to share with you because you mentioned his name, like one of the funniest things I ever saw on television regarding Spud Web's name.
That's his real name Spud.
And they asked him where he got the name from, where his mother got the name from and you know what his answer was.
He said, my mother named me after the Spud Nick.
Hmm.
I had to admit that they must have been Russians.
Yeah.
But one other funny thing I wanted to share with you, I noticed this week and I drive to my sister-in-law's complex to go trick-or-treating with my kid.
And you got to enter the gate.
On the driver's side they have a little telephone pad where you can either punch in a code or search for the name, that kind of thing.
And you know, I punch in the code because I know the code.
The phone pad is on the driver's side as braille on the numbers.
Of course.
Is that like just a Florida thing or...
It's only a soft Florida thing, that's correct.
Yeah.
Or what other thing?
You know, with the pant, you know, in closing.
What a tough weekend for the panters.
My good, this great.
Okay, have a great day.
5667-0560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
I'm not so sure whether it was the content or just the way he was saying it.
That was...
So did we get a number?
Did anybody call and tell us they participated?
How much they paid?
No.
Oh, although, you know,
a couple people called in to say that last guy was full of crap.
It's Spud Woods, real name is Anthony.
Well, yeah, listen, I don't care anymore about Spud Webb, Anthony Webb,
Skolder McRooter, Jeb McRooter.
I don't care about that crap.
I want to get to the meat of the matter here on the scandal, okay?
On his goddamn scandal.
This is the kind of thing that the sports nerds are concerned about.
Is what was Spud Webb's real goddamn name?
Who gives a flying crap about Spud Webb?
Yeah, Spud Webb would have died yesterday of some horrible disease.
Then we'd be getting 50,000 calls about a Walder Peyton dies.
And gets like the side of the newspaper and has to about it.
And nobody cares about that.
And like I said, most of these people, these great sports fans we got down here,
wouldn't know Walder Peyton from Sandy Peyton believed me.
See, you think you know nothing about sports.
You know what?
You know just as much as most of these people are calling stations the other 20 hours a day.
Nothing.
Less than nothing.
Zipity Duda.
Here's a mobile in Boca.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I hate to say you're naive, Neil, but maybe I'm just skeptical.
But I think every charity in the world in the history of the scandal.
I mean, I think you know, I hate giving to charity only because you know,
if you give a dollar, 99 cents goes to quote, administer the charity.
Well, that's why I'm involved with center one.
They don't have that.
There aren't administrative, I mean, a hundred of us sluppers could have said in 20 bucks each
and they could have raised more than that golf curve.
That's what I'm saying.
We could have had a street corner, peddling CDs and those key chains,
and raised too grand in about 20 minutes.
That's the incredible part.
Well, that's the Neil, about Walder Peyton.
I got a question for you.
You know, six, seven, eight months ago, they were saying he needed a new liver.
I mean, Mickey Maydle needed a new liver boom.
They didn't make any difference.
He got an operable cancer.
No, they got that.
That was only the last like 60 days.
I mean, it was seven or eight months ago, the day in L.T. he was looking for a liver.
Shopping for a liver, the goal is, Mickey Maydle needed a liver boom.
He got one.
I mean, what's the deal with Walder Peyton?
Walder Peyton didn't drink as much as Mickey.
I guess not.
Okay, me all of that.
Okay, I have a great day.
Yeah, I don't know.
The thing with the cancer just, I hadn't heard anything about that.
In fact, I was talking to Goldie taking leak this morning in there at separate urinals, of course.
And he said the same thing.
He hadn't heard anything about it and all of a sudden boom, he's dead.
5.670560, 0560 on the 18T wireless line.
I guess we don't have anybody of those 110 people that participated in this magnificent O.J. Gold tournament.
We don't have a single one of them listening to this show right now.
Not a single one who can tell us how much they paid to participate.
So we can get to the bottom of this thing.
Not one.
We got 50,000 people.
Can tell us the name of God damn Spud Webbing is grandma's name.
And a banjo on his knee.
Here's Naples.
Hello.
Naples.
Hi, how are you doing Neil?
Okay sir.
My name is John.
I'm calling from a store called Coconut with a proud new retailer for your CD.
All right.
We had to transfer some of the same company that the specs is.
Okay.
I've done transfer down.
And so your CD is now available at Coconut to Naples.
Excellent.
Thank you sir.
Thank you.
God bless you.
There you go.
Specs in four Myers.
Coconut to Naples.
We got some lovely coconut for you over there.
And of course all the specs here in South Florida or you can call center one at 954-563-3600.
567-0560-050-560 on the AT&T line.
Here's sunrise.
Hello.
Dale.
Yes sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
Hey, I got an answer to your problem about the center one scandal.
I say call up how sunshine and let him get in there and stick a microphone.
Oh yeah.
Never leave it to him, Hawks.
No thanks.
We'll pass.
No it would be much easier if we could just get one person to call in on this radio show,
on this highly rated radio show, to tell us if they participated and at stupid OJ Simpson-Ritten Golf Tournament,
and tell us how much they paid to participate.
Because like I said, if we come up with about a $20,000 discrepancy here,
there's going to be some real fur flying around this joint.
Because it just doesn't make any sense.
567-0560-050.
See what I mean about people who play golf?
They didn't care.
They don't care what the money was going.
They don't care about anything except they go out there to play with some big shots like Scooter McGrooter.
And Rob Elbows would done Strock.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey.
Yes sir.
I played, actually we didn't even complete the game we left.
Yeah.
We paid 150 bucks a piece.
It was me in a dentist's front of him.
150 a piece?
A piece.
It was 300 bucks.
100 a.m.
They had raffles.
By there, but by where you registered, they had raffles.
They had mulligans.
They were selling mulligans.
They were selling raffles for different merchandises or whatever.
Yeah.
And that's what we paid.
And we left.
And you left because of what?
Yes.
We left because of him.
We left because they all that crap that was going on there.
Because we left because a bunch of fuck asses were kissing these pieces of crap ass running around for an autograph.
That's why we did.
Oh, God bless you pal.
And I regret ever paying that money.
Don't ever do it again.
It's not the country's fault.
It's QAM's fault.
Don't do it again.
Thank you.
Bye.
There you go.
See, in 150 a piece, does that job with anything in this literature?
No.
No.
So this is one of these deals where there's so many loose ends.
You know what I'm saying?
And they're like in trails left behind it.
You'll never be able to track down.
Nice going guys.
Beauty.
We'll never get to the bottom of this goddamn thing.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
Statewide line 877-785-0, 877-785-6345.
Well, here's a goal for a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
How are you?
Okay, sir.
We paid $800 for a four sum.
Go play.
All these different prices on this thing.
This is unbelievable.
I have no idea how Joe was going to be there.
Right.
I got burned nervous as soon as I pulled off the gas cart.
I saw the bloody knife hanging out of his pocket.
I thought it was that at that point,
it was time to hit the eighth hole.
What I didn't like though, hello?
I'm here.
Yeah.
I know you're surprised, but I'm still here.
What I didn't like is when I did drive by,
I saw Roy Foster in the car, in the car with OJ Simpson,
and he was holding OJ's teeth.
And I thought at that point,
yeah, okay.
5, 6, 7, like I said,
you people that played golf,
the whole golf tournament thing,
they can blow it out their ass, okay?
I don't give a crap over the rate of $50 million.
All right.
Because nobody in this audience,
nobody who participated cares.
Because like I said,
the only reason they were there was to rub elbows
with a bunch of pseudo-famous, formerly famous,
mostly unknown people,
and they could run around saying,
oh, I played golf yesterday with so-and-so,
with Spodna Groder,
with Scrooter-R-Scrooter-R-R-Rezudo,
or whatever the hell it was,
that's the only reason they showed up.
For the same reason,
that most people go out there and play golf,
so they can smooth with people
that they figure out famous
and they can name drop.
And there's nothing worse.
Bad dance professional fucking name dropper.
Yeah. Amen.
God, am I nauseated and grossed out by that thing.
Almost as grossed out by the fact
that our friends at Pompe no Park
don't want to give me the November schedule.
So I go, nice going, John.
Pina, I have to retract what I said about you before.
Like I said,
the only guy in the sales department
who understands this show is in it with it all,
but nevertheless,
still can't get it done, right?
Pompe no Park,
we got live racing Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday,
post time, 735, any afternoon.
We got somalcasting Monday,
two Saturday, afternoon, and evenings,
and today being November number two,
I don't have the November schedule yet.
So come on, Carol Scott.
How, or whatever you're calling yourself these days.
Let's get the schedule over here, sweetheart.
The Force Grand calls you up
and slams the phone down
and starts screaming in the LN2, okay?
Hey, Jeff, when those the scores are starting
in 10, so the last team is
weeknight, only on sports radio 560,
QAM.
WQA, I have for 4th lottery day.
The legendary athlete,
extraordinary actor.
Now, he's using his new action series.
OJ Simpson-Suzon.
Miami, slide!
J-JC, I have to,
come on, jump the field, get it!
Juiced his loose, OJ Simpson is a bar scum
named Bruno Molley.
Brother meat streets of Brentwood, California,
to the deadly streets of Miami, Florida.
Listen to OJ Simpson's ass-ticking cop dialogue.
So, where were you last night at 7pm?
Um...
Can you be better?
Bitch, bitch!
You bitch is better!
Miami, slide!
Starting OJ Simpson as Sergeant Bruno Molley.
The hard rough stuff's cop on duty.
But the loving dad off.
Dad?
Yes, dear.
What happened to mom?
The bitch is dead!
The bitch is dead!
I killed the bitch!
I'm getting your room and doing your homework!
Miami, slide!
Starting OJ Simpson as Sergeant Bruno Molley.
On NBC this Saturday.
Oh, you ass-loom!
Can we ever get rid of him?
Is there any pants?
No.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
I'll give up on the go-off tournament.
OK, I washed my hands.
I got 25% or 1%.
We don't want anything to do with them ever again.
There's a lot of people telling stories.
Some people pay this.
Some people pay that.
Then we had the one guy with his sit down comedy.
Oh, God.
Like I said, people who play golf, assholes with their golf, people who watch golf on TV, people obsessed
with watching guys whack a little ball around.
You people need very, very serious help.
And it's not a sport, by the way.
It's a snobbish pastime for the idol rich and those who want to rub elbows with them.
Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Yeah, I just wanted to call up and find out that you ever try to play golf.
Yeah, many years ago, sir.
Boring, very boring.
What do I like about golfing on the correct me if I'm wrong with this?
It's the only game that there's no refereeing or umpire interference.
So who cares?
It's boring.
How about going in the backyard and kicking a soccer ball against the wall and calling it a sport?
I mean, what's the point?
It's just a challenge yourself.
I mean, it definitely takes a mind.
It's boring.
Boring to you.
That's right.
Throw in a BB and it will be in the ocean by taking hand-eye coordination too if you're like on an 18th floor of a condo.
But what difference does it make? It doesn't make it a sport.
Well, if you played any other sports, what sports have you played?
Well, what does it have to do with playing sports?
I'm talking about it's a spectator.
Well, you're not calling it a sport.
It's not.
Even to sport.
No, it is not.
Just because there's no physical, there's nothing physical about it.
And anybody can play a 90-year-old men go out and play golf.
Does that make it a sport?
Well, that's what makes it so great now is that you can play golf.
And you can go out and get your hands off her and I'll get out the 25th.
It doesn't make any difference, sir.
It's cocked out.
It's crap.
You're a genius.
Garbage.
You're a swill.
I'm really saddened about water pay.
And definitely invented at the Scottish.
Yeah, there you go.
See, hung up as soon as I told him invented his favorite sport.
The Scotsman, the same one who wear the kilts, and it was God damn things that the pain store was wearing.
God, give me a break, okay?
Oh, it's a sport.
Let's go out here on God damn 441 with Bucky balls and roll them across the street into a big hole into a pothole and call it a sport.
Like I said before, it's a snobbish pastime for the idol rich and those who want to hop knob with the idol rich and name droppers.
People who are professional.
Oh, I was playing golf with Michael Mayo yesterday from the Sun Central.
I'm impressed.
Here's a lady mobile in Helendale.
Hello.
Neil?
Yes, ma'am.
First of all, first let me tell you, I love you.
And second of all, I just want to tell you that my son-in-law and my grandson, who's 10, went to the Yankee party at the hotel here in New York.
And what do you think my grandson ordered?
He can have anything you want.
Just name it.
What do you think he ordered?
I don't know.
Chicken soup.
Yet they were serving gone curry and steaks and peas and anything you want.
They were serving gone curry.
Yes, champagne.
Oh.
Oh, what?
Yeah.
I just wanted to tell you that they went to the party and they had a fantastic time.
Well, why do we care about that?
Pardon me?
Why do we care about that?
Well, I like to share my happiness with you.
Did you go?
Did you go?
No, I didn't go.
So why did you go?
Because they were happy.
So I'm happy.
Well, I'm happy too.
Are you happy now?
No.
Why not?
Because it just faded away.
I was happy for the moments that they told me.
Oh.
And now you're unhappy again?
And now I'm unhappy.
I'm me too.
Okay.
Okay, you feel better?
Go have some chicken soup.
And a little kishki wouldn't hurt either.
That's verma.
Huh?
That's verma.
A little kishki, like I said, like you're tearing my kishki's out.
Have it a great day, sweetheart.
Okay.
Zygazant.
They have that don't hurry.
They had the don per year.
Woo!
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
8, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, Neil.
8, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, 60, 3, 4, 8, 5.
I'm not going to argue with these golf nerds, okay?
Because I notice, I know that they're in a majority.
We have this gigantic male audience.
And you all like going out there and whacking the ball around
and killing some time and having 40 or 50 beers.
And that's your idea of a sport, okay?
It's not a sport.
And like I said, I don't begrudge you doing it.
But people that they want to sit and watch these other guys do it
and pretend that they're athletes.
Oh.
To try to argue with people who know nothing.
It's like it's like the hockey players, like the one guy
that got 28 stitches the other night over the weekend
and gets sewn up his whole faces chopped up.
Comes back out and finishes the game.
These people don't know from the sport down here.
That's why we have so many sports experts down here.
Their idea of sport is golf and ping pong and shuffleboard.
I'm sorry.
Here's a mobile and Sebastian. Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Well, what you're looking into that, the money, Ray.
I'm not going to get into it anymore.
Sorry, I don't care.
I've given up.
I've given up.
Well, each hold normally has a whole sponsor.
And that's about 500 bucks a piece.
They normally get companies to put aside at each tee box
and 500 bucks a piece.
Yeah.
There's nine grand right there.
I don't think they, at least if they did that,
it's not listed on my sheet.
Most tournaments do that.
Yeah.
Another more money gone somewhere.
Maybe we have somebody in our sales department
who can get a whole sponsor.
Good day.
And have a great day.
You think we can do that, George?
Maybe somebody in the sales department can get us a whole sponsor.
That's with an age.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Like I said, I give up.
There's no use because the people who participated,
those 110 brilliant people out there who are those golf enthusiasts,
they're long gone.
I'll be getting his double talk.
But I mean, I paid 100 and I paid 150.
This one paid that.
Nobody knows from nothing about that thing now.
Which is why I didn't want to get involved in the first freaking place.
I hate golf.
I can't stand people that play golf.
And we do just fine screw-ins every year,
long before QAM ever stuck their ugly, sick, pudgy fingers into it.
We've been doing just great for raising money for charity every year,
for the last 5,000 years, without your screwing it up.
Without OJ.
Here's a mobile in the Gables.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
God, hello, sir.
Transplant from Toronto.
And I'm listening to this here all of a sudden about golf.
What is this nonsense going on?
Put these people on an ice rink or something.
And how can these people have the audacity to even call it a support?
It's a game for people that make over $16,000, $70,000.
It's ridiculous.
I mean, it's like croquet for people under the age of 100.
Golf is God's way of telling you you make too much money.
I mean, and these hockey players over the year,
they're always talking about trying to get back on the golf course.
What kind of nonsense is that?
Like I said, fun for the Adelrich.
This is pathetic.
I mean, you do good.
It's ridiculous.
I mean, have you ever...
Okay, pal, have a great day.
You get the message.
I think you said it's ridiculous.
It's ridiculous, huh?
Okay.
Does this crowd the full of it today or what?
Is it just me?
Are they full of it?
So there were high sponsors you know?
There were?
Yeah.
Who's whole?
All of them.
All the holes had sponsors.
How about the assholes?
Do they have sponsors too?
Uh-huh.
That was a tradeout.
Nine minutes after 11 at 5.60 WQAM.
And off for the hockey.
I love a wife for loving woman.
But for the wife can settle on one.
So many girls who really want to eat.
It's like one large variety.
I love a girl right now who wants to settle it all down.
Wonder what life is made a little more than it.
It's so much dirt to me.
What's she looks like to me?
As long as she's got a killer body.
She got a killer body.
She got a killer body.
My folks say,
Recapricator,
Recapricator,
Go, go, go.
Go find a wife today.
Don't wait to.
Wait until your whole name.
Go, go, go.
Go find a wife today.
Uh, where is Tom Store van?
I don't want to need him.
You know what?
It's 1114 at 5.60 WQAM.
I apologize for playing that.
But that's wake up.
It was weak.
Was that ban?
Yeah.
Often.
Rotesque horrendous.
But we're under a lot of stress now because in spite of the fact that I said,
I don't want to hear anymore about this goddamn golf thing,
we opened up the dyke so to speak and now we just can't shut it.
Yeah, can't you just envision certain people out on the second floor calling up spots and saying,
uh, wouldn't you like to sponsor my whole at our celebrity golf tournament?
Yeah, come to find out George had several calls off the air that they did have hole sponsors.
That's with the H.
And since there are 18 holes last time I checked on a golf course,
doesn't that sound like 18 grand of the thousand dollars a pop here?
Uh-huh.
Does the word scam come into mind over and over again as we continue hearing about all these things?
I mean, even, even at a nominal fee, if there were 110 people who played,
and they only averaged a hundred dollars a piece to participate,
which I'm sure nobody paid that little.
That would be 11,100.
Am I correct? Is my math correct?
Yeah.
So where do we get, where do we get this ridiculous figure that the nephew handed me here yesterday
as all of a sudden the heat is starting to come on about this fraudulent golf tournament?
So you have to wonder, why is it, why does a radio station insist on continuing to,
even when the people had supposedly supporting, even when we say,
we don't want nothing to do with it, forget about it.
Not to mention, of course, the revenue that came in from the people who sponsored the golf tournament.
Am I right about that?
Uh-huh.
Amen. F&A.
As they say in Tampa, Buck and A.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Mobile in Miami.
Going once.
Yes, sir.
Are you down in the back?
Okay.
And you're not all the sports, man.
What are you talking about, man?
You got four pounds of mushroom your mouth or what?
Oh, man.
I'm kissing your mama.
Yeah, kiss this and your mama to you too, okay, asshole?
And my mama ain't your type.
Or you ain't her type.
5,6,7,0,5,60, pound 5,60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Another dumbest barter.
Here's a mobile in sunrise.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
As I said, getting back to the golf thing, I know you want to hear it, but it is one of the most
great sports when it's not raining.
I don't care.
Make sure you're different.
Sir, let me say it again.
Vanilla ice cream is the most eaten flavor in the world.
It has no taste.
Well, you know, now many people are going to play hockey on the weekend.
It's expensive, too.
Yeah.
You think it has a rollerblades or equipment?
You got one point there, is that a...
I'm talking about as a spectator sportser.
Do you understand?
You don't have to play hockey to watch it as a spectator sport.
Hockey equipment is cheaper than golf clubs.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Hi Neil, I love you, man.
Okay, have a great day.
He's saying blue and blue and like that.
So you cannot challenge their preconceived notions.
Don't you understand?
Golf is a real manly thing.
Don't you get that?
Hockey is for pussy.
Golf is a real manly, which is why they walk around with knickers on.
I'm surprised you're not walking around with kilts on like the original
Scotsman who invented the game.
Maybe that'll be next.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10.
And of course when you're in Florida, that's the big deal.
You know, you can play golf you're around.
Isn't that exciting?
You can play golf all of your round.
Is that why you come to Florida?
That's why I'm here.
Here's Port Charlotte.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Speaking.
I just want to thank you for turning me on to Bob and Tom.
And a couple weeks back when this whole thing broke with the OJ thing.
Yeah.
They had mentioned you.
I thought you'd get a kick out of that.
Right.
Bob did.
Well, they love me and I love them.
We have a kick.
Basically he does when he said, oh god, that's Neil Rogers at a station.
I bet he's having a fit.
That's correct.
But, and I must agree, the I, and then the avid golfer, like golf, is not a sport.
It's a game.
And it's not a spectator sport.
I mean, if you go out and go out and whack it around, get a little exercise, never
have a few beers with your buddies.
That's right.
Okay.
But to call it a spectator sport, and to sit there breathlessly watching these guys, I'm sitting
in the airport in Toronto on Sunday and they got this crap on the TV set there and they
got over and they're saying, oh gee, he's using the six iron.
He's a club short.
You know, I'm thinking you're about two brick short, man.
Yeah, exactly.
I mean, if I want a good nap, and I mean, I'd play golf.
I'd like to play at least two, three times a week if I could.
Yeah.
But if I want a good nap on Sunday, I watch golf.
I mean, you know, he just fits not a spectator sport.
Yeah.
Have a good one.
Okay, pal.
Love you.
See you.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60.
And of course, this whole thing with his golf tournaments, let me just tell you, beware,
okay?
All you people that want to raise money for charity like they got to call me yesterday, give
me a song and a dance about all the great charitable things.
That's okay if you're dealing with trustworthy people that are going to give you an accurate
accounting, where the money is going.
And maybe your good close personal friend will take that news back to Bob the Moose
October the West Coast about the accounting that goes on here, the creative accounting.
And why it takes so long for the figures to lie and the liars to figure it so they can finally
get a few bucks over to center one and try to salvage some face from this embarrassment
that this grace.
And you know something, the more that I'm thinking about this, the more I'm wondering about
all those other thousands of dollars, you know what I'm talking about?
I don't want to say any money went to a certain celebrity for showing up at that golf
tournament, but if it comes to find out if there's any way that we'll ever find that out,
wouldn't that be something?
Wow.
Talk about having a gigantic egg on your push.
Maybe we'll have to wait for somebody to file their tax return and go look at it.
Oh yeah.
Yeah, I'm sure that'll be on its tax return.
Is it not on its mid?
Yeah, that's right.
Never stole a freight train.
Got a wicked slice is what they were saying out on the tournament.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line, 8, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, Niel on the Florida line,
which in a couple of days should be the worldwide line supposedly.
That's what bluff came in here this morning was all choked up about it.
That line working yet, I said no, he just went out of here sputtering and stammering.
8, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, 60, 3, 4, 5 on our Tulfi Florida line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
God, definitely not a spectator sport.
Yeah.
No, no, no doubt about it.
I can't sit there and watch it.
I go out and play it.
Yeah.
And the reason why I go out and play it is one.
It's the only hobby and I stress hobby that they deliver you beer while you're out on the course.
They bring it right to you.
Yeah.
And you don't pay for it?
No, you got to pay for it.
Yeah.
But you never see a hockey game where they break and just have a beer.
Oh, sure they do.
Where?
They bring it there if you have some of the places where you have club seats.
Oh, yeah, I mean, but you know, they bring it right to your table.
And the other thing about golf that's really, truly sucks is this handicap day.
Yeah.
You could be beaten and all geekers ask the whole day.
And at the end of the day you pulled out this card with this handicap and all of a sudden you've got you by two strokes.
Oh, who cares?
Yeah.
And another thing is,
In addition to what's my suggestion, there's don't play handicap guys.
Yeah.
Okay.
And another thing is,
what was that black woman talking about with her kid up the door?
I haven't got any idea.
Something about the chicken soup and the chicken trap.
And I don't know what else she was talking about.
All right.
Have a great day.
Thanks.
She thought we'd be excited and know that her son picked the chicken soup.
It sounds a little bit too Jewish to me, sweetheart.
Okay.
Enjoy your kishkin.
Get out of my face.
And happy sook is too, by the way.
Like I said the other day,
stop with the Jews and the Goyam and with all these crazy things and just be people.
Okay.
That's my message, D and H and just be people and stop with the professional Cubans
like George and professional Jews like the chicken soup lady and all this other crap.
Okay.
We're tired of it.
If you want to be a culinary Jew like I am and enjoy some good deli,
even as smart as like good deli,
you don't have to be Jewish to like deli.
Just as George, he'll tell you.
Love deli.
Yeah.
There you go.
Call me Goyam.
Professional Kike.
Speak.
Horse meat lover.
Fuluffle leader.
Here, no, that's the wrong semi.
It's the same thing.
Here's a mobile in North Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, how you doing?
Okay.
You're going to have a fun raising event.
You might want to make it interesting, like midget tossing or something.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
What about...
What about...
What about a...
What about an event like midget tossing?
Well, you want to participate?
I could definitely throw a midget.
Pretty far.
Okay.
Show this.
560-560, pound 560 on the 18T wireless line.
Here's Coral Springs.
Hello.
Yeah, hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I know you've talked about golf and fundraising.
I want to ask you something.
I hear you talk sometimes about, you know, forced sterilization.
Too many people around.
And what do you think about parents?
Shouldn't they be licensed to have kids in some respect?
How do you do that?
How do you do that?
I don't know.
Listen, Sunday morning, I'm driving at 630 in the morning.
I'm in Coral Springs going towards Tamark on Pine Island.
I find a 2.5 year old kid walking in the middle of the street.
So I pull over, I grab him, it's raining.
Yeah.
He's screaming.
What's his complexion?
He was white.
White kid.
White kid.
Oh, boy.
Right by a big apartment complex.
And I said, damn, I'm on the side of the road.
I don't have my cellulophon.
The one day I don't have it.
And as I said, what started to rain?
So I threw him in the car, I went to the sheriff's office
about 5.
Maybe the parents were busy at the gang number, meaning.
Wait, wait, get your bed up.
No report that the kid is missing.
Yeah.
It's 630 in the morning.
Nobody at the kid walked over a half a mile to the road
from because he was way in the back of the apartment complex.
So finally, they get a calling and we go back there.
And what happened was the father left for work early,
but he quickly turned back the clocks.
Came back in because he didn't want to go to work early.
I probably went back to sleep and the kid went out
and found his way over a half a mile to find the island road.
And here I come down the street and the kid's walking right on the white line.
Maybe it was a chuckle.
No, no, no.
Yeah, maybe he wanted to go to Disney World.
I don't know.
Well, I wish he could have maybe gone anyway, but back.
It was just so much easier.
Once you understand all kinds of people have babies,
scumbags have babies.
In fact, the scum of your people are generally speaking
the more babies they have.
Yeah, well, these people fall in a, you know, a fourth.
A sterilization, sir.
Let me say it again, solve a million problems.
I mean, this was so unbelievable.
I mean, thank God they didn't come down with a whole bunch of cars.
It was just me and I looked at it,
and I'm seeing things.
I was up about five minutes.
Yeah.
And there's little toddler in the middle of the share.
I just grabbed them and that was that.
Now, it now comes to funny, but I tell a few people this, right?
You know, and I hear people, or you know,
you could have gotten in trouble for putting the kid in your car.
What are you talking about?
It's two years old.
What are you supposed to do?
Drive past them?
Because they're what people?
Now you talk about how inappropriate this looks.
The kid has popped on the hood of my car,
screaming and yelling.
And it is, and I'm there, and it's waning.
Yeah.
And a whole bunch of people driving binding in their Sunday best.
And I'm like, try to wave somebody down if it's, you know,
maybe someone would have thought.
Well, they don't want to stop for child molesters, okay?
They're very inappropriate.
I think because I said...
Okay, have a rate, Dave Powell.
You're killing me.
There's a good Samaritan who wanted to repeat the story 55 times.
We appreciate it, sir.
Nice job.
For sterilization, okay?
Very simple.
Don't complicate it.
For sterilization, I'll make the list.
560-560, pound 560 on the AT&T line 26 after 11 at QAM.
Jim Mandage, toss sports.
Oh, yeah.
Right here.
On sports radio 560 QAM.
This is the Neal Rancher Show.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
Good morning, all.
David Antiboy, here with Feeb Olcona.
Two inmates from the state prison were about to be executed in the electric chair for heinous crimes.
The warden asked each and made it by the one who had a last request before being sent to the chair.
I have one said one of the inmates said,
I think I'd like to hear,
living with a Vita loco by Ricky Martin just one last time.
All right, said the warden.
I think that's a fairly reasonable request.
Oh, make those arrangements for you.
What about you?
He said to the other inmates,
lost request to which he immediately replied,
yes, can you kill me first?
This is even at the boy with Feeb Olcona.
1131-560 WQM.
You were paying any attention.
Look at that phone, baby.
We got mobile inform buyers their last call of day.
Hello.
How you doing?
Okay, sir.
Question and comment.
I am a fan from Fort Myers,
but I'm going to be a couple days on the East Coast,
and I'm wondering if your push button things are available
at any locations on the East Coast other than by mail.
No, they're not.
Okay, by mail only.
All right, I picked up a couple of the CDs,
and they're wonderful.
And actually led me to the comment I'd like to make,
which I hope you won't take as confrontational,
because I love you.
But we had a conversation once about your belief in Juno harm.
And my suggestion to you was the reason I think that is insufficient,
because it doesn't obligate you to act on anyone else's behalf.
It doesn't take you some good.
That's correct.
But you are actually doing some good with your center.
Forget to golf thing,
but you raise a lot of money for center one in other ways.
And I don't know what other charitable work you might do that is not.
I don't.
Okay, well you do that then.
Anyway, my thought is that most people need a push to do that kind of stuff,
to act on behalf of other people.
And I think at its best anyway,
that's what religion tries to do,
taking a step beyond.
No, no, there's not.
Religion teaches you to hate other people and to be intolerant
and to teach you that you've got all the answers
and the people that don't believe the same craft that you believe
don't have the answers and that they're going to burn in hell.
That's what religion teaches you.
Can I tell you why I disagree with you?
I mean, I can only speak for the religion that I know.
It's not a question of whether you agree or disagree.
That's a historical fact.
That's not something that's debatable.
It's proven throughout history and all over the world today.
It's what people have perpetrated in the name of religion.
I'll grant you that.
But for example, the religion that I was raised in,
which is Judaism,
says that it doesn't matter what religion you are,
it matters how you behave in the world.
And is that what the Orthodox do?
Is that what they stone?
They throw stones at the less Orthodox
because they're letting women pray at the wailing wall,
and participating in their services?
It's despicable, but it's also...
It's part of Judaism, sir.
No, it's yet perpetrated by Jewish people,
but just because their Orthodox doesn't mean they're behavior.
No, you think, you know what you're doing now?
It's like the Christians like to do.
Well, those people who say those things aren't the real Christians.
So will the real Christians please stand up?
Will the real Jews please stand up?
It's not needed, sir.
It's unnecessary.
You can be the finest person in the world.
You can be the most benevolent and caring person,
and you don't have to believe in fairy tales
or label yourself as some part of a group or fraternity.
But you have to have something that tells you
you have an obligation towards other people.
You don't have any obligation.
You can do that just out of the goodness of your heart
if that happens to be your nature.
You don't have any obligation to help anybody else.
That's where you and I differ.
You can keep calling me and telling me,
having the same discussion,
I'm not going to change your mind, and you're not going to change mine.
I don't believe that.
I just don't think we're all that far apart.
I mean, we're...
We're out of line.
We're a million miles apart.
We're a million miles apart.
You're still clinging to the hook of organized religion.
It's not necessary.
It's your own useful purpose.
It serves about the same purpose as the Elks and the Kiwanis
and other fraternities, only much more malignant.
If somebody takes a percentage of their income
and sets it aside to give away for charitable causes,
because they believe that they're obligated to do so religiously.
What's wrong with that?
Why are they obligated to do so religiously?
What's religious about that?
Why can't you just be a good person and do that?
You can be.
Okay, thank you.
Five-set... look at this.
One call on the board here today.
One call now.
In our great time of desperation and need.
56670560.
Pound 560 on the AT.
See, everything is too simple.
Things that make sense are too simple.
You have to complicate them like this guy wants to do.
He was born into something.
Therefore, he's going to spend his entire life justifying that that's important to be a part of that that he was born into.
It's like the old saying about blood is thicker than water.
Do you have any idea what a bunch of crap that is?
Yeah.
All like your relatives are great and everybody else who wasn't related to you.
Well, they're not so important.
See, there's a saying that I like better.
You can pick your friends.
You can't pick your relatives.
You can pick your nose.
You can pick your...
You can't pick your relatives.
So, anybody who believes that crap that blood is thicker than water.
That because just by a lot, just by accident, you have to be related to...
...whatever it might be.
That, therefore, that makes them more important to you.
You must be as simple as to believe that.
Maybe it might be true, but on the other hand, maybe your relatives are a bunch of scumbags or some of them or all of them.
See, it requires independent thinking.
Not because somebody once told you something when you were a little child, when you were a had a malleable mind that could be brainwashed in program.
It requires independent thinking.
Does this make any sense?
Blood is thicker than water, Mike.
Correct them.
Fat ass.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hello. I agree with everything you just said.
Absolutely.
Anyway, this is sort of all...
What's my relatives? You can have them.
But anyway.
This is sort of old topic.
Remember last week you were talking about how Schwarzer's don't tip?
Yeah.
Evidently, the millionaire Schwarzer's don't tip either because my girlfriend used to work for a restaurant bar called the Cowboys Cafe, which is in Texas.
And it's owned by the Dallas Cowboys.
It's right outside their training camp.
And they encourage the players to go there to help business.
When she just told me that they used to hate waiting on Emmett Smith and Alvin Harper and Liam Lett and all these black guys there because, you know,
none of them would tip.
I mean, like Emmett Smith would tip like $2 on a $60 cap.
Nice.
Anyway, I'm out of material.
Oh, man.
Thanks for the good news.
Okay, so we come to the conclusion.
Sparges are crappy tippers, even if they're multi-millionaires.
Okay, so they don't use poverty as an excuse.
It's just a part of your thing.
It's just a part of your thing.
It's like French Canadians.
And that's another example of what I just said.
If we could just be individuals and use a little bit of common sense and common decency, which does exist, by the way.
Oh, and I'm reading all that stuff about, you know, when at New York Magazine, I talked about yesterday about the black family that's suing the Harrison C. Bulls for the shooting of their kid in little bit Colorado.
And come to find out this kid that did the shoot one of the other shootings.
I forget which one it was.
There's so damn many of them lately.
But the father is a minister and they talk about how strict they were in the home.
Now every time he did something like he, there a teacher reported that he had access to Playboy website on the internet at school.
They didn't have any independent verification of it, but the teacher suspected that he did as if that would be such a big horrible deal.
A kid like 15 years old.
And so naturally he was severely punished.
Punish and punish and punish and one day he finally grew up once the people's brains out.
Not brought up in some kind of an atheist godless family that again brought up with that good old time religion.
Which seems to be prevalent in almost every one of those stories, you know.
All these kids gone bad, not because religion was lacking in the family, but maybe because there was too much of it.
Too little love and too much hate, too much intolerance.
Although as my father once said, love, it's just a word. There's no such thing.
True story.
That's the kind of family I grew up in.
Oh, there's no such thing. It's just a word.
At a boy's song.
21 till noon at 560 WQA.
The sports leader.
Sports radio 560.
Q.A.
And the old Rogers guy.
Three years ago, my IT guys told me there'd be two types of business soon.
Those on the internet and those that weren't.
I didn't want to be one of the latter.
But then again, I didn't want to pay these IT guys. They're outrageous salaries.
So I fired the two bastards.
Next thing I know.
These two guys put up a portal website featuring my own wife.
They made millions.
And ruined me into bankruptcy.
Hi, I'm Mark.
And I'm Mike.
Where's the IT specialist?
The moral of the story is, don't f*** with technology specialists.
Because in the new information world, we are kings.
And I remember just who used to beat me up in high school.
Thanks for listening.
You've been warned.
Bastards.
17th till noon at 560 WQM 5607 0560.
They got the breakers coming to Z's again today.
Well, these people are in a real panic and it's Tuesday.
It's not even Monday.
5607 0560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T line.
And 1-8777 85-0.
8777 85-6345 on the prestigious Florida Line.
Here's a mobile in the Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Daniel, a question that maybe you were able to answer.
That a lot of people aren't able to answer.
What happened to closure with regard to the...
Loads.
What I could...
...closure.
Hopefully we never happen to hear of that word again is what happened to us.
What does that mean?
What we got to all these investigations, all these criminal enterprises...
Investigations of what?
I like Senator Gutman, one chart, one count, of 27 counts of Medicare fraud.
And what...
Why does things like that happen?
How can they ever be closure?
When a guy doesn't...
When closure for what?
There's a closure in the district.
They all coppably and they get off a real easy slap on a wrist.
And that's closure.
What do you mean by closure?
You're living in a...
Like John the Daily.
...Cleashay World, sir.
Well, why is that because I can't read that?
Because there's no such thing as closure.
It's just another fancy, smancy cliche that the media came up with that everybody likes to say now.
There's no such thing in life as closure.
Well, nothing has an end.
It's like when somebody's kid gets killed and they interview the parents and they were like,
well, we're just looking to find closure in this now.
How can there be closure when somebody kills your kid?
I'm not disagreeing with them.
I'm asking you where it is.
Well, when you find it, let us know.
Okay? Where is it?
Get a search party, pal.
We're already doing out here.
We're looking for closure.
Oh my God.
See what I'm talking about, independent thinking.
Think for yourself.
Not because it's a cliche that you heard somebody else use and because the media keeps saying it every five seconds.
Because it's a politically correct, trendy cliche to use.
Oh, we have to have closure.
Oh, my Tupperware has to have closure.
How about that thing with all the sandwiches in it?
Oh, by the way, there should be pretty good in the microwave after the show.
Thanks again, my friend.
What's your call, man?
What was he from?
Borzhead.
Oh, the Borzhead, man.
How can I forget that?
Those great Borzhead meats and cheeses for your actions diet, by the way.
560-560, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
877-785-Niel on the Florida Line.
Here's a mobile and Jupiter.
Hello.
Hey, Neil God.
Yes, sir.
I want to tell you a couple things.
Yes, you're absolutely right.
Golf is not a spectator sport.
It's a good thing to do with a bunch of guys.
If you want to go out and hit a ball and drink a few beers.
Yeah, that's it.
It's a pan time.
It's not hot.
Absolutely.
It's something to do.
It's a great thing.
It's a bit of a recollection.
Only a little more athletic.
Exactly.
And also, as far as charities are concerned in golf tournaments, what I've got to tell you is,
number one, yeah, you don't go to a golf tournament for a charity.
You want to make a donation right on the check.
Right.
You know, anybody that goes there is all they're doing is like they said,
they want to smooth with the guys that used to be.
And maybe it never works.
And other than that, if you want to make a donor, make out the checker, make it anonymous and send it in.
That's it.
Okay.
Yeah, this thing with the whole fees and with all his other crap.
I mean, figure out 80 bucks a piece.
If there were 110 people who played the game and they only paid an average of 80,
which I know is a very low figure and not accurate, that would be $8800 bucks.
So how does anybody know?
I could have easily looked at this and digested and accepted it without having to have stuff come from our investors.
See, I hate to break the news to you guys here and try to build it.
But we have investigative people who are looking at all of this stuff.
And what they're finding is not a pretty picture.
It's called a scam.
And it's going to be very embarrassing and humiliating and degrading.
Even more than the OJ part of this crap.
I mean, how can you do business and have absolutely no scruples, no principle whatsoever?
How is that possible?
Maybe that's a question that a good close personal friend in the other room if you still here can take back Bob DeMuth and ask the beastly that question.
How can you have so little scruples and so little principle and be as cheap and as conniving as they are and still dress like they do?
That's the question.
Still look like they just crawl out of a dumpster at three o'clock in the morning.
560-560-050-050-050 on the AT&T line.
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Hello, me.
Yes.
Two things. Firstly, golf is no more sport than chess or dominoes.
Right.
Secondly, I've never disappeared with you before, but I have to now.
I'm listening.
Okay.
As far as specifically the example of the Orthodox Jews that throw stones and they're no different from the others, will the real Jew please stand up?
I've heard you, just to draw an analogy.
I've heard you on the air before, separate yourself from the flamboyant cross-dressing days that participate in the pride parade.
You know, one can easily say, oh, come on.
That's just something that gay people say.
Will the real gay, exact same situation?
No, no, no, no, no.
So it is not being gay, isn't the belief or membership in some kind of a group.
This has nothing to do with that.
This is the matter of not wanting to be represented by other members of whatever, whether it's a belief, whether it's a click or a country club.
Sir, I don't want to tell you something.
If you don't believe that Jews are just as prejudiced as any other group of people, then you're living in La-La-La.
You can't judge Jews by the...
You can't judge Judaism by its Jews.
I'm not talking about Orthodox Jews.
I'm talking about people who are members of the Jewish religion.
We're just as prejudiced as Christians, as atheists, as anybody else.
You're right. You know what?
That's a very human divide.
That's not a religious story.
It's a very poor analogy that you draw.
If you're gay, you are born that way.
That has to do with your sexual orientation.
It isn't a membership in some kind of a religious club or a sector or fraternity.
It's what you are.
I agree with you, but that's not what the point of making.
What is the point?
People don't necessarily like to be represented.
For instance, the players on the Miami-Hurricane who've never committed a crime
don't necessarily like to be recognized as the Holocaust, for instance,
because of the ones that do that.
Do you see what I'm saying?
So it's the same thing.
People don't necessarily want to be judged by the men.
What's being a verbal player?
You have to do with religion.
I'm trying to draw an analogy that when you have a group...
It's not an apt analogy.
The fact is you don't need religion to be a good person.
I agree with you.
I mean, the guy that you're referring to, his call, he's insisting to me that, you know, doing all these wonderful things.
First of all, there is no compulsion.
I don't care what he's trying to tell me.
There is no compulsion to do good deeds.
If you want to do extra good things and go out of your way, that's fine.
That's commendable.
There is no compulsion as long as you don't harm anybody.
That should be good enough for anyone.
You're right.
You do not need religion to be a good person.
There are many people that don't believe in God or any religion that are wonderful people.
However, the idea of religion is that it is supposed to be a systematic way of doing good.
Whether people have perverted it and killed people in the name of the system...
That's the way the Old Testament keeps telling Abraham to kill all these people.
Is that why they were telling them to kill their children?
Well, what are we talking about?
You're right.
And people...
You want to know that's the religion.
You want to know that Jews believe in the Old Testament.
You want to know something and kill them with sickness and hate and killing.
I'll tell you.
And go in there and kill all the Egyptians.
I mean, what are we talking about?
And by the way, they were never wearing Egypt in the first place.
But anyway.
Yeah, I'll tell you something.
I'll tell you something.
What I'm going to say is going to get into a much deeper aspect.
And I know you don't want to do that on the show.
Well, it's already very deep.
I'm already grasping for oxygen.
I'm about to bring up a commutic reference.
Do you want that?
No.
Okay.
A commutic reference.
You see, it doesn't make any difference.
Judaism is just as much of a bunch of fairy tales as Christianity.
If I were to sit here and tell you otherwise, then I'd have no credibility.
I'd be just like the religious people.
Oh, well, this religion's okay.
The other ones are the ones that are full of crap.
God.
Oh, I'm sorry.
5.670560, 0560 on a AT&T wireless line.
I realize it's so difficult.
It's so difficult to put yourself away from all the years of brainwashing and upbringing.
And things that you thought were so proper.
Even though you sat there and you mumbled a bunch of stuff that you had no idea what it meant.
None.
Where's my book by the way?
Oh, geez.
I didn't bring it in here.
Crap.
I'll have to bring it in tomorrow.
That's got all the answers.
That little black book.
Thank you, by the way, so much for bringing that to me, sweetheart.
5.670560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
A world without religion would be a world on the verge of civilization, on the verge of decency,
on the verge of mental freedom, on the verge of peace.
And just like the thing I read yesterday about the Christians and the Hindus in India.
And on the one hand, the Christians insist on going in there and trying to convert them.
And on the other hand, the Hindus are making them an offer they can't refuse.
Just like, it's kind of like the inquisition in reverse.
Now it's your turn.
You know what we're saying?
Yeah.
How do you like that?
A little tasty, real medicine as the old saying goes.
Here's a mobile in Pemberer's Pine.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
You know, it's a shame, all the effort you put into the charity center one, and then for the radio station to describe it like they did.
Yeah.
But that's enough about that.
You brought up on the painting earlier.
You know, I watched some of the news on him last night, and every interview he saw with him.
He wasn't speaking about, actually, understand what he said.
Not like today's athletes.
Now he wasn't in a little bit of a job, that's correct.
Exactly.
And he played the game hard, and you know, he was a good person, he died young.
There's nobody like him today.
And he was thinking God and telling everyone to pray for him after he found out he had cancer.
If he was in the God that much, then why did God give him cancer?
God's got bad hearing.
He's got a real hearing problem.
Yeah.
Well, anyway, that's all I got today, Neil.
And I just thought that somebody should say something about Walter, because, you know, even though he was a celebrity, he was a good person, I think.
Even though he wasn't a professional golfer.
Exactly.
And have a great day.
560-560, 05-60, 05-60 on the AT&T line, 877-785, Neil on the Aflord line, 877-785-6345.
Here's Kendall. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil.
How are you?
Okay.
Good.
I didn't think there could be anything more boring than playing golf.
Yeah.
Until one time I was flipping channels from the TV, and I saw that they broadcast that on TV, and I said, that's it.
You know, watching golf on TV, not probably playing golf as far as fun.
The most lifeless people in the world must watch golf on television.
How anybody could sit there and watch that for more than 30 seconds just baffles me.
I just can't believe that anybody could sit there and watch it, and they're talking to harsh tones, you know, and the gallery is following them around.
I mean, what are we talking about? We're talking crazy people.
Yeah, I don't understand, but I thought I had seen it all until I saw golf on TV.
Well, I'm glad that you discovered it before it was too late.
Yeah. Neil, one more thing.
As far as religion and people converting, like I, you know, you're there of talking, and you're not trying to necessarily change people mind.
Sure I am.
And try to get people to open up their minds to think a little bit and to get away from the brainwashing.
Sure.
And what they, what the, some of the religious people try to do is they try to, you know, they have their own beliefs, and I have my own, and I, you know, I keep it to myself.
And I keep it right. Thank you.
And I, you know, I'm okay with that. It's for me, but I don't understand what people try to go out and have.
Oh, you know, the excuse always is, oh, well, the good book tells us we got to spread the word. We got to go out and say, but that's the excuse for intolerant people who want to twist your arm and make you an offer that you can't refuse.
Yeah.
Particularly the goi, and that's their favorite thing to do is twist your arm and drag you across the street, whether you wanted to go there in the first place or not.
I don't know why.
If I'm going to burn in hell, I have no problem with that. Okay. Just let me go and find out how bad it is.
Right. That's it, damn it.
I should let you have your fingers on one.
I want to pick my finger on the stove. Let me do it. And then I'll decide whether it was a good idea or not.
Right. Well, if there was, if golf was a sport, I have, I have an idea of something that could be a sport, but I'm not going to take you there, but at least one sweats more. Anyway, thanks, Neil.
Okay.
Why? Anybody know what he's talking about?
No. No.
Why? If I learned a lot this morning, huh?
Especially about those whole fees. I bet you if they had a whole fee of Kathy Willetzas.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. Well, you're not into golf. You don't understand that stuff. You're into that important stuff.
Oh, by the way, we apologize for whatever George said yesterday about what's his name, the Greg Moore that died.
The cart racer.
He didn't say anything. So all your friends, he'd just sit in there in the other room now.
I don't want to say anything.
I just got calls from assholes from people who didn't say anything. He just, we, he didn't know who the guy was and either did I.
Well, you know that George can be occasionally insensitive.
Never. The death's a never.
Never. Well, maybe once.
It's three minutes before noon at 5, 60. I mean, I don't care. It's tragic when anybody dies. The guy was 24 years old.
And he was a Canadian guy might have been pretty good guy.
He's dead. People died every day.
People that I'm upset that Walter Peyton died. Walter Peyton was great. Great.
I loved Walter Peyton. He was sensational and a good guy. That bothers me.
If Greg Moore dying bothers you and your friends, we're sorry for. We'll pray for you.
Kim Polkhappard taught sports. We ends right here.
I'm sports radio 5, 60, QAM.
I'm sports radio.
I'm sports radio.
I'm sports radio.
I'm sports radio.
In the media.
I see.
I see.
I see.
I see.
I see.
I see.
I see.
I see.
I see.
I see.
I see.
I see.
I see.
I see.
I see.
I see.
I see.
I see.
I see.
I see.
I see.
I see.
Why the way there was a great, I mean a great show on HBO last night, but the only one in this whole town that saw it was a special on Howard Coastell from eight to nine o'clock last night HBO, which probably will be shown again because these show things a whole bunch of times.
It was great. There was a guy and he did tell it like it is and by the way too bad that a lot of people don't like his book
I never played the game which I have my copy sitting right over here and yeah
It was self-serving and there were parts of it that were a little bit disgusting
It was so self-serving but nevertheless it was great and
He was right. I'm talking about the Jackocracy and all these illiterate jocks like Frank Gifford and so many others
Who had no business ever sitting in a goddamn broadcast booth terminally destroyed it nice going how he wherever to how you are
He's in heaven now
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
You know all these billions and billions and trillions of conversations I've had over the years
I don't know what it'll life or cry. I guess it kind of amuses me in a very painful way
With all these brainwashed religious people who just it just refused to let it go
Okay, and this is the one guy wants to give me a Talmudic reference after he admits about the barbarism of the Old Testament and the Jewish religion
With the sick sadistic God that's always telling the Jews to kill all their enemies not most of them all of them
Yes, make sure you get everyone. We don't want no chigger in the wood pile which raises the question by the way you think screw-and got a whole fee
Here's a mobile and Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, yes, sir
How's it going me? Okay?
First of all, you know all those religious people you can go hang it
Because you know they're all prejudiced in their own way, but
anyway
If if Jews you know should kill everybody like they have how how come they've been persecuted and
For so many years and and let people pursue that well they always missed a couple see they didn't have good aim
I guess not yeah
But you know as far as the you know the kids killing people and all like that
I don't think they have any excuse at all
I mean I come from family where you know my my stepfather beat those living daylights out of it
I have my own house and I've put aside my family. I don't I'm not around them anymore good
But you know I remember water is thicker than blood. Yeah, that's what I say
Like I agree what you were saying earlier, you know you're you can pick your friends. That's right
And you know you know your friends always family. That's right. You can always pick your own friends
And you find out who your real friends are you make yourself in life?
You don't relatives most of them are usually our scumbags. Yeah, you you make yourself in life
You don't you don't rely on everybody else to to decide how you're gonna be absolutely
Correct you know what I mean I do you go out and you make yourself
I mean if something bad happens to you go out some and change it, you know and make your own goodness
There you go. Okay, I bless you pal. I'm not pray for it. How good day five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on it
Give me your 20 or 30 sandwiches there
Why does God has had stuck in the room? He likes to free food. Come on. Come on back
You know we got some free food for you. He's not a bad guy. He just
Evil looking no, he's evil looking. He's not an evil guy. He's not a bad guy as a person
There's a wife as a person being really evil like screw in which I don't want to mention her name more than two three hundred more times today the evil bitch which
Not just not just annoying not just nasty no not for you fat
So get out of here and you're on probation anyway get out of here fat boy
Soon as he heard there was food and he reopened up the door with a big smile on his put
He's so red in the face his face matches that that the striped shirties were in today looks like Rick Jenner read before he lost the weight
Nice to spenders too by the way fat boy. See you dislike him. I don't dislike him. I just pity him. I feel sorry for us
I mean him. No, I feel sorry for us
Yeah, he's on three-week probation. That's what screw-an-set. She's bitching everybody out lately. She must be on a rag this year
Yeah, she's on the Y2K rag
Here's a lady mobile in high a lady. Hello
Hello, this is a lady
It's me. I had a thought out waiting on the phone. Yes
I want to talk to him especially about this
He's talking about the sportscaster. That's not fair. You want to talk to who?
Meal. Well, this is Neil. Oh, yeah
What if you're talking about the sportscaster who's better than than people who play the game?
Because they played the game that makes them into broadcasters
Well, if you never played the game, I mean what does it say about you? And then you want to talk about it and criticize?
What do you know about sportscasters? Name you a good sportscaster?
I liked how it could sell but he was a little bit over the top at the end. Yeah. Did he ever play the game?
No, no, my laline ever played at mel Alan played baseball. Gifford did mel Alan play baseball? How are you long?
It's great. Oh get out of here lady. You're living in Lala Lala and how
First of all those aren't how a long isn't a play by play announcer anyway
In addition to which he's not great anything. Okay, unless you like his haircut how a long is great
Is how he long
That's what he's excited about
5 6 7 0 5 6 8 pound see what they encourage with that Friday morning crap
They do what these bimbo's calling it with their football picks on a morning show
This is what they encourage women calling in here to share their expertise about sportscasters
She would know mel Alan from Fred Alan from Alan from Delights
5 6 7 0 5 6 8 pound 5 6 8 I don't think there's a community
I want to hope that everybody who may be listening all ten of you who are left after all this boring stuff about our golf tournament
But we got problems on this radio station
Okay, and we're not going to alleviate them based on a bunch of a fandom people listening on the internet somewhere
But I want you to understand there isn't any place else in the world even in goddamn and the jungles of our Africa and the darkest
Depths of the Brazil rainforests
In the poverty-stricken swill of Bangladesh
There is no place on the face of the earth where the masses where the populace are as uneducated about anything is there here in South Florida
You picked the topic and the response will always be you can depend on it to say
That's right just like her with her brilliant commentary on Howard Cossill who is a little bit over the top
Maybe that's why he was wearing that bad hair piece with me. Maybe he had a little bit too much off the top
You think that could be it? You crazy bitch
God
23 years I've been trying to have a conversation with people have I had one yet? No, no, I'm still trying though
Got another two years 11 months to go minus a couple of days, but who's counting?
Trying to have a conversation with people looking for just a little bit of meaningful verbal intercourse and what do I get?
Yeah, I love it
Sports radio five sixties
Oh
Dan quail is done dropping out before he's
Won't get to be president. He lost him every poll
He had to go he couldn't even sell potato
Dan to some guy was good
He was lucky to be vice president
Well, is that of the race? Well, is that a bit fun?
You know that it was about time in the party can't see with bushes
That's all behind
Don't care what you say don't care what you do
We're sick of your family values
It's a time fine you finally woke up all this time
Well, we did was glad to you
Please start consistent this week 12 14 at 5 60 WQ and you see that thing I have one George W yesterday with a truck
Didn't see that. Oh, yeah, he had to dive out of the way that little truck lost control and all that crap
Oh, yeah kind of like heard his hip and his thing and his
Backed him. Yeah, I think it was an accident. No five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
Here's homestead. Hello
Oh, yeah, sir. Yeah, come a couple comments one religion one. I saw that on that
It was tremendous. I thought it was great. It was super it definitely highlighted his career and told all sides of it
You know, it was really you know, a hint that then given insight for a look at the guy
I don't even usually even watch HBO but I saw a promo for yesterday morning and I
Think it was gonna be that good. I just caught it by accident and I just I just sat because I went to the old thing
Monday night football in the beginning all I can say is God. I wish he was back
I'd like to hear him comment on what he thinks of these like that bitch right over the top here
And then you see Hannah storm or and then it'll physically visit. Oh, yeah
Yeah, just a half time there on the sidelines tragic it's talking about the shoes and the
And talking about interior decorating in the uniforms are one. It's incredible
But another subject to as far as religion goes on my
Born and raised Catholic and I can tell you like that wouldn't call it back
I told you about that religion
Teachers know yeah, but it also gives you an excuse to go and become and be the hypocrisy that it is
Because it that's all religion to me is just you know
It's a it's a scam broke all with its policing or America. They had to do that
These people these these especially ministers that go and what was I say that one prosecutor in Tampa when they
Trading end of the prayer book for the bank book, you know and as far as religion goes
You know harm is the better there you go. We got it pound and then closing
I'll request a humble request for either father knows best of that of them when you had a commercial on
Jesus Cheetos of Nazareth. Okay, you got it. Appreciate. Okay. I'll throw in there. Freedom is a Nazareth you got it
Yeah, so yeah, do no harm. I see the problem. I knew it at the time D. N. H. It's just too simple
Just too simple for people who don't like things simple. It's con got to be complicated
Gotta be a whole big mumbo jumbo and a big son of dance and a whole big prayer book and you know
The angels on the head of the pin and the Lord is up there in a sky and a kingdom in the devil with a pitchwork and all these other
Silly ridiculous things that a three year old unbrained wash child would laugh at and say you crap in me or what mister?
Of course on how many three year old unbrained wash children do we have because by that time they're already
Just like Hitler said, you know get a mother young just like father of tools set get a mother
560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line
Keep banging away and banging away and banging away and yet we have these people out there who just resist because they can't deal with the truth their emotional cripples
Like that like that great analogy I draw life human life is just like the life of a microcosm of our life is the life of a rose
Or any kind of a flower and they plant the seed and you watch it sprout and grow and you know
It blooms to its full beauty and then it starts aging and it starts wilting a little bit and then it finally withers away and leaves fall off and it dies
And I have people calling show and say oh, that's not a good analogy. That's ridiculous. It is
It is I think it's a perfect analogy you're born you age to a certain point you know when you get to be what is it about 18 20 years old?
And you start dying oh
You can't say that well it's it's it's not my opinion. It's the truth. It's
science
You can't fight mother nature baby
That's nature. It's not some statistic God who invented something wrote test like that
Because basically exactly that's right while dying over here. So you make the best of it
You do no harm if you want to do a little bit of good. That's great too. Look. Throw you in a bonus when you stick in the box
Just like Muhammad Ali asked at Howard's funeral. I wonder if he's got his peace on in there
Maybe we got open a box and see if he still got his peace on
Or did he say peace on Howard something like that
Five say that Billy crystal by the way was written at your last night five six seven oh five sixty
Pond five sixty on the and I don't even like Billy crystal I much anymore
He's kind of like your Robin Williams to me a little overexposed. Shall we say?
Here's Fort Myers. Hello
Yes, sir
Speaking
I'm not a believer but I think I found God. Yeah
Yes, sir, well we live over here in Fort Misery
Those people came over here to get out of her kingway. We went from Fort Misery to Fort Misable
Yeah, they drove like idiots over here and I says you know
Gotta be a god to pay these people back
Came over here. They just thought he was a mess
Anyway, we finally had another hurricane started over towards Fort Myers
I says Neil if your god would you please help us out?
No, you answered my prayers here you go
Hurricane this does and went over to Miami and I said you know what?
There is a guy and I wasn't even here. I beat it. I was out of town
You did a beautiful job got cause you went out of town to get out of one because you said I will help you people out in Fort Misery
There you go and that's why we call Fort Misery over here. God bless you much. I thank you Neil and I'll pray for it. Okay
Deal good. Oh, I like the way that sounded on that line by the way. That was special
Get goosebumps five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
That's good little warm in here plus the eighty five million orchains that we ate this morning from our good friend
Poor's head man that brought the food in for the morning team for the worst team
That was too much of a bunch of pussy's believe it in the control room. So we had to bring it in here
Good. Yeah, that's right good thing because we got about 600 sandwiches left
We don't want Bob de Moose going over there and riding on them in Fort Misery in Naples over there at the beastly headquarters
That the morning team had a bunch of sandwiches. They had food in the control room
Man you talk about a playground you talk about a place that a level and we got the perfect program director
You know he's perfect no seriously
He's perfect in every way the maturity level of him. I mean just every the way he operates with these little schedules
You know perfect for a kindergarten
Here's Miami hello
Neil yes, sir. I wanted to reference you something you said earlier
I was a comment your dad made to you saying that love was just a word. Yes. I wanted to say
That's what compelled me to call and I think it really sucks. I'm an only child and my parents are fantastic
They don't cram anything down my throat
You're the best and that's all my material. Okay god bless you sir. Thanks pray for both of us. Okay. How well?
I will I will I do I do that's what Nick and Jesse on 98 degrees. I do I do
I have a great talk up to that record but it would be embarrassing to do it on here
567-05 well I listen to it in the car. Okay, because I'm certainly not going to listen to this station
Hey, what do you think about that?
Alacquip a game that yeah, I'm sorry not for me
567-0560 pound five 60 and of course 877-785 Neil that line by the end of the week is supposed to be nationwide
Anybody believe that?
Nationwide supposedly toll-free. That's what Greg Reid said and of course we know he don't tell tales
You know what I'm saying?
8777-785 Neil
We got Hank speaking to him at cool city today at two o'clock. Were we speaking to him? No, but nevertheless. Oh that gambling call
I was talking about oh god
I'm telling you gambling callers. You're gonna be the death of the sports shows on this station
I'm telling you that right now if you just would stop for a month
Just give it up till the end of the year. Maybe we can make a bounce back a little bit on these sports shows
The booster will be here from six to ten four four hours
Of fat and then we got Ed Kaplan at 10 with a real gambling show
Here's Hollywood. Hello
Hollywood hello. Yes, sir. Neil how are you? Great
Long time listen. I've only been living here five years
I know your main reason for living here is just so you can go to mom on Tuesdays to have lunch
No, I mean reasons for living here so I can get a fat check on the 10th of the 25th
Yeah, but when you're talent, sir
You could you could syndicate your show from Vegas or any city you want it to go. Yeah, that's true
Why do you why do you let it stay here then? That's a good question. That's how I'm gonna have to work on that
And I tell you you've got a lot of sunshine
Around yeah, and we appreciate it, but god I know you really care
These people new a hole every day. Yeah, and they deserve it
Well in some cases they do some of them get a little fluffed and when I talk to you
But certainly so you could do your show from any any place in this way any in this
Contiguous 48 states. Mm-hmm. Maybe even the continuous 48 states, too
Yeah, right, right hey listen buddy. Yeah, keep it up. Okay, pal. Okay. I'll see you in Vegas
Okay, okay, sounds good to me. We're gonna be doing a show from Vegas starting on Thursday
We need to date to travel so I won't be here tomorrow
Sounds good to me. I do the show from Vegas for a couple of weeks
I'm gonna warm up in Toronto. We'll go back and do the show up there
We do in a show in the summertime from Amsterdam
Yeah, let's build a studio right in the middle of the red light this through sounds good to me
You'll hear the bells from the old church clanging in the background at least it'll sound like bells
I guess you say peeling in the background. You don't say bells are clanging. That's like a real cluxy
What you know that would be like saying contiguous?
5 6 7 0 5 60 is a good guy though nobody's perfect just look at me and pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
See if only somebody had the balls they can call you off the early one if somebody would tell me about that whole fee from that
Golf from him, but nobody now either they have mums the word nobody will tell me anything
I'd like to find out how much have they told you how much the fee was
No
Because if it's a thousand dollars a hole times 18 holes that's 18 grand
That's the range that somebody gave me when they called about how much they typically are. Yes, and how come there's no accounting of that
And in addition to which why couldn't they tell you if they pay if there was a whole a fee and they know that for a fact
How could they not know what it was you see what I'm saying?
Maybe they accounted at under the table even shylock homes would have a tough time piecing together this scandal
Which is exactly what it is a major major scandal which would be a good lesson for you scruan next time you and your cohorts put together
One of these phantom golf tournaments and obviously now you'll learn to keep us to hell out, okay?
And you can scam away your hearts content just leave us at our charities out. Please
Here's Coral Springs hello
Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. Good afternoon. Good evening
Yeah, for that woman who thinks that you can't comment on the game unless you've played it
I have one name for her and that's a hairy carry
You know who thinks that there are some great people in the support who didn't necessarily play the sport. Yeah
I'm about what about male Alan now. Well, what about red barber?
She can go on and on the woman's a woman is just a
What about my prince?
You know, there seems to have been two what about you when I was growing up with like your born off well, what about the Mike Lane?
Good point
There's these have been two people in this world
Who got the Howard Coussell and people who didn't get Howard Coussell, you know, and I always got Howard Coussell
I liked what he was saying. He was great, but the sport is ours. He was the one guy that had the balls
He made his whole he made his whole fame with the Muhammad Ali and covering boxing
But he was the one guy that said it should have been banned and it should have been stopped because it was barbaric
And it was disgusting and he retired from it. They're my thing to do with it
But you know sports, though, are pretty seductive and it's
You need to make a hero out of a player, you know, one of one of my heroes died
Yesterday Walter Peyton and you know, but he was a hero. He was a real superstar
He really was nobody like Walter Peyton playing football today. There's nobody even in his league today
No, but you know there is maybe maybe Dan Merino. I don't know. No, you don't think so. No
I can't think of a name either
It's kind of hard to compare running backs to quarterbacks anyway, but
Anyway, you know
In a few years you can do your show from Roman will listen to the internet. Okay, okay, and have a great day
Am I gonna be in Roman a few years? No, but whatever he says. Okay, maybe from the Vatican sounds real good to me
Come on papa
I'll wear the schmoth out alternate Tuesdays. How's that sound?
56705 or just like on our best and eel CDs and cassettes you got Neil Irwin the the miter and I think I look lovely in that
That's me
Neil Roger show sports radio 560
Q
With a gas
We couldn't do a song
I like
One
Maybe
And just my
I said it even not to let me go.
Just the other day I got a cane sauce.
Do you think Bill Bradley can beat our boss?
I think the first rhyme that comes to my head.
I'm a big fan of right-sense friends.
I've been emailed on my brand new computer.
People who drive to work are committed.
The other white makers that are known as Thor.
I said to this song, it's gonna sound like a story.
I give a little bit of a two-name op-manliness, different music.
They said that, so it's not so fun to ever discuss.
I'm so excited to find my camera.
I'm not dumb, I'm not gonna have to say I'm a crab and you're dead.
You're gonna see what you're doing since.
From 31 to 560 WQN, I've said that they can't sing
and they sure don't look too good either.
560, 7.0560, 0.560 on the AT&T line.
877, 785, Neil.
785, 6345 on our Florida line, which is kind of like,
yeah, the excitement wore off after last week.
Here's Bokeh, hello.
Is this Bokeh?
Sounds like it's a name.
Hey, I'm Joe with Neil.
I'm a hoolia-long time listener, first time caller recently.
I haven't been keeping track, but I miss him when he talk about hockey
and get really excited about it.
I know the only thing I'm excited about this season
is that I think we're gonna peak at the end of the season,
maybe get some playoff wins finally.
You know, we have to wait.
Oh, Panthers, oh, you mean the Panthers?
Yeah.
And so...
Oh, I meant the Leafs.
And this is a good subject about the religion that, yeah,
this religion is just a way of keeping the power and the power,
just like the economics, just like the insurance.
Power and the insurance.
Right.
Yeah, so it's pretty big.
A lot of problems we got to face, and you're one of those people
is gonna help us get rid of these problems.
Oh, it's not for us, me.
And Father or tool, God.
Okay, and go Leafs go.
And closing, I'd like to request something from somebody
gonna make me laugh.
What is it?
What are you just saying?
Something that's gonna make him laugh.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
How's that work for him?
Okay, at least depressed, okay.
The Panthers lost a couple of games.
E-Depressed.
A couple of suspensions.
Gotta be very happy about Chris Bell suspension, by the way.
Sir, we're safe for four games.
5.670560, 0.560.
On the AT&T wireless line, we got 400 open lines here.
An hour into 27 minutes to go until the hopper comes along
from Cool City.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm sitting in a very big
edifice hospital in downtown Miami looking at another edifice across the street.
Yeah. And you know, edifice, yeah. Edifice. And you know, it's a hospital. Yeah.
And there's a lot of sick people in all of these buildings and also Mount Sinai.
And so I figured, well, I'll go downstairs. There's a little room like it's called a chapel.
You know, it's like if I went in there, you know, maybe I can make it complaint because I've
been here since 3.1. Complaint because we've been here three surgeries, both of these seven.
Now it's one. We're still not having surgery. So you go to the chapel to make a complaint about
your surgery. Yeah, I was going to go and you know, no one was there. Yeah. So that's proof that
there is no God. Okay, well, good luck to you, pal. And maybe you're things will work out or maybe not.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
And 87, 7, 7, 8, 5, 8, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, 60, 3, 4,
5 on our fabulous Florida line. That's as dead as a doormyal. It's just as dead as they
embroidered. Why not? It's all Florida. It's all the same thing. Druping, penis alone. Why
not? Why would you expect to see any action in this state? Here's Miami. Hello?
Hello. Yes, sir. Nathan, I retire 10 years ago.
Nathan? Yeah, I retire 10 years ago.
But an idiot. And he's calling again, like he's going to get on the ear of this jackass.
He retired, the walker. And he's called me Nathan. See, that's what happens. Okay, too much
of that monkey business starts affecting your mind. I think they call it syphilis is what that is.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. All of us are not of nowhere after two
years plus on this radio station. And this this malcontent, this misfit, this walking, talking geek,
has decided he's going to graces with his presence. No, thank you. Al Paso.
Here's Miami. Hello? Hello? Yes, sir. How they going now? I don't know. Kind of in and out.
Yeah, here you. I got a question for you. Where most of these people expect you to go? What other
city do you think you could, you know, market your talent? What does that mean? Pretty much, I mean,
you've got a lot of different toppies. You know, you could talk about here, Miami. I mean,
other than here in New York, maybe LA, I mean, we're looking at boring all the other places. Are you
know, Miami is such a live wire place? Yeah, live wire, but a lot of different things you could talk
about. Yeah, a lot of, you know, big melting potter on here. You know, it's a big melting pot.
I think so. No, it's not. You don't think so? Who says it's a melting pot? What does that mean?
I mean, we have a lot of illegal aliens here. Is that mean a melting pot?
Yeah, but I mean, it's a melting potter where people like assimilate where they like, you know,
congregate and they have something in common. This is not a melting pot. This is a place where
everybody is divided. This is a house divided. Yeah, but apparently, I mean, there's different
topics. I'm just saying different topics. Yeah, you know, you could talk about. I mean, how many
people, you know, with your like other than you and you know, maybe what's that guy from New York?
Yeah, whatever his name is, yeah, I am. And what is it? The guy was talking about my doing the show
from somewhere. What difference does it make when I'm talking about if I'm sitting in the
big room? Yeah, but exactly. But what are you going to go talk about in Vegas? What are you going
to go talk about somewhere else? I mean, up in four miles for God's sake. I mean, I think we keep
you busy or we be heavy. Do these stuff going on in four miles, man? We keep your mind busy around
here, I think. Yeah, yeah, obviously. Okay. Thanks, pal. Thanks for keeping my mind busy.
Thanks a lot. I think he's nervous that he's going to lose me. Is that what it is?
Terrified. Sentimental is blow up. Dolls. Okay. And a can of KY five six seven oh five sixty pound
five sixty on the AT&T wireless line and on the out of town line, the big Florida line eight seven seven
seven eight five NEL. They're spelling it wrong probably with a K seven eight five sixty three forty five,
especially like that guy that's in a hospital with his edipits complex. Here is the mobile in Naples. Hello.
No mobile in Naples. That's you. Hey, how you doing? Okay. Listen, this is the old South God's waiting room. We've got a colored
neighborhood over here and they stay in that neighborhood. And it's interesting. It's the old South. And OJ, he is his own reward.
OJ's only chance in life is to move to Jamaica and work at a God damn hotel. You know, yeah, it's the only chance.
That's where I'm at. Okay. We're going to stay. Okay. I think good luck to you. You'll need it.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. It's great here. Of course, he's probably he's probably talking
like that because he hangs out with the a beeie. Uh-huh. That's probably why he's talking like that. He probably
used to be like a real normal ordinary guy until he encountered the beesleys.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line and 877 7 8 5 60 345 on the out of town line. Yeah, there's so much to talk about. It is just so much going on here.
It's a live wire play. Oh, yeah, we got another storm coming into more rain. That's pretty exciting. Yeah, we got another little storm coming by.
Could drink a Katrina, whatever hell it is. Gotta keep those weather for his busy.
22 to 1 at 5 60 WQN.
Hi, this is Bill's infrared. Go to wqam.com for all the latest dolphins information in your case who
in great crisis playing beat the broadcaster 440560 WQAM. Holy cow, Aaron's coming. If your party snacks taste like hell,
this year at Christmas serve Jesus of Nazareth. Your guests will say,
Holy cow, when they bite into these sinful,
rich treats and Jesus of Nazareth coming of variety of flavors from alaphingo to ala
Lugia. Get the snack he would have liked and the taste worth praying for.
Jesus of Nazareth. It's your salvation, this Christmas. There's a Jesus of Nazareth shop on business
Lou Vady right next to Chrysler almighty motor. 17 to 1 at 5 60 WQM. We got a spastic
crown out there today, boy. They're here. Every line will be lit up and then they're gone.
And then we go into the break and they're definitely gone. We got one call on there.
No, it's in four lotterdale. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. You're good. We don't can't we're having sex and
a great. Okay. Like I said, no lines anymore. And you know, it's interesting. Every now and then,
we wind up here in front of normal, Kent's old boyfriends and all of a sudden it becomes like an epidemic.
Like the one last year from Indiana that very good looking but psychotic, drug-induced young man.
Airbnb now in one of these people discovered this show and all of a sudden day after day after day,
Bapapapapa over and over again. No, I'm gonna get control of your herd over there. Will you please?
Oh my god. Whatever happened to Saul Fouce. What happened to my good friend Saul Fouce? Maybe
they let him out again, huh? He's on the outside. I need him desperately. Give me out of this horse and
buggy town. Sit here begging for it like that guy to call before that Julio. Oh, what are you? What
would you do anywhere else? What would you talk about? Maybe if I went someplace else,
whether it's like living and breeding people, I'd have a response instead of coming in four hours
every day like it was the first day I was on a radio. Every single goddamn day is like the first day.
And here on this radio station, believe me, it is exactly like the first day. But he's unbelievable.
Well, these four news breaks an hour that we do so that every time you get a little momentum,
build up all of a sudden they hear that sound. I'll let him hear that in a right away. Up or gone,
and then you start all over again. Show us interruptus. That's what this play is all about. Show us
interruptus. Here's four Myers. Hello. Neil Mon. Yes, Mon. Yeah. Well, there's someone last five
minutes in Jamaica. What is it? Oh, Jay Simpson, the last five minutes in Jamaica. Yeah, I'm on. Yeah.
And I'm a Swartz, but I gotta tell you, I hate the word African-American. I wish the people just
realized that that's the five people more, you know. When I went overseas, I never heard anyone,
overseas, probably African-American. I always got to eat the Swarcher. Oh, American. Oh, Swarcher's
okay. I wanted to see an end and it's all the reporters like telling that people,
they got Colin Pahoe's coming off. She's like, oh, he's a African-American, Caribbean American.
I was like looking at Bernard Shaw, I was hoping to turn around and just can't slap her. Yeah,
exactly. Just beat the crap out of her right there. All right. Have a good and back to you. Yeah,
like I said, stop with the labels already. Stop labeling yourself like some kind of compartmentalized
human being. It makes me nauseous, makes me sick, my stomach and whatever the media, whatever the
establishment comes up with very dutifully. In fact, the lower the groups are on the turtum pool,
like black people, the more immediate they are to grasp on. Oh, yeah. Yes, so, yes. So whatever you
be calling us, so that's okay. It's better than Nigger, okay. So whatever you call us, it's okay.
African-American, my big fat bloody ass. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the
AT&T wireless line. Here's the mobile and temperate time. Hello. Hey, how's it going? Okay, sir.
This is your, when you fudge back and guy, I came out and saw you at the pizza law class,
we got one of the buttons and you signed it for me. Yeah. Where can I get a new one? Because the
button had gotten stuck. I doesn't play anymore. The button got stuck and it doesn't play anymore.
Yeah. I hate when that happens. Don't you though? Yeah. Where can I get a new one? I don't know. We're
going to be a week from a Saturday, the 13th. We're going to be at the specs down in
Coral Gables down by the U of M on the U on Federal Highway. Oh, right. I'll see you there.
Noon to two. Where you fudge back in. Okay, see you. His button is stuck and it won't pop back
out. Like I said, can't stand it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, yeah, you're probably pushing to our,
like the seed said, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line and 8, 7, 7,
or here's a mobile informer. Hello? Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. When you go,
when you go, maybe they can bring a Lashitor back to town. Yeah, there you go. Yeah.
I don't think so. Okay. That's it. That's your material, sir. That we're paying for on this line.
That's why we got line 9. Maybe they can bring a Lashitor back to town, Mr. Terminal, Mr.
Coleman, do you think? And like I told you, that's why can't stand, can't stand that breed of people
from Orlando, especially Orlando, they're much worse than even Tampa. That's all they want to
talk about from Tampa. They think that we're doing a show, not a radio show, but a show about radio.
Yeah, a radio show about radio. Oh, you know, that real radio. We don't care about real radio or
unreal radio. Nobody here gives a flying crap about any radio stations in some Mickey Mouse
little place like Orlando. Okay. Nobody cares. And the same with Mr. Titius Suicide inducer.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the pound 5, 6, the uneating T line, 877, 785, Niel, on line 9.
Here's the mobile in North Miami. Hello.
Hey, Niel, how you doing? Okay. I am just dumbfounded after all these years, how many
intelligence, so-called intelligence, scientist, thinkers out there can be so brilliant in their
and their field of life, they get so ignorant when it comes to religion. Some of the smartest people
in the world believe these fairy tales. Right. Well, because it's like a little compartment of
their mind that's closed, they can't open it up again. How could somebody who's intelligent,
who's a scientist, not say to himself, hey, let me just sit down and think this over for a second.
They don't really. Some of them do, yes. I mean, I'm Jewish and I grew up and I went to
Hebrew school and I got all- I learned all about it. Oh, but at a point in my life, I said
much, if you know what? How do we know all this crap in the Bible happens? We can't even figure
out exactly who shot Kennedy 30 some odd years ago, but yet we know thousands of years ago.
I just had to forget about the 36 years ago. How about the plane that just crashed over
the Northeast there off Long Island? We have no idea what happened. It's going to take a year
and a half and maybe they'll be able to find out what happened. Maybe think of the forms of
communication back then. There was nothing. It was word of mouth. All this is word about the
people who always was written in the Bible. Well, who wrote the Bible? When was the Bible written?
Years after all this crap happened. And I wonder if Moses had a ballpoint pen to write on those
tablets? Oh, yeah. He was sure writing on a tablet with ballpoint pen? Ask David. I can see
he scratched it out. Winning doubty scratch. That was much to take in a long time to write all that
stuff, by the way. Ask any Christian who wrote the Bible. They can't tell you. Yeah.
The supposed he was written many years after Jesus, now Jesus happened, who knows?
But how could you base your life on something? I'm something that was written 90 years after he
died. How could you base your life on a 30 people who never met him? Yeah. I look at some of
these religious Jews that are walking around with these big coats and the pace and stuff like that.
If they're going to go through life, dress like that. That doesn't make you wish you had the
right card concession in their neighborhood though. If I could just sit down and have a great day.
Absolutely. I'll pray for it. Bye bye. Okay. Israel's history disputed. Yeah, it's time for this.
Excavations, the Bunk Biblical Conquest, the Rezarkiologist says Jerusalem,
70 years of excavations, the Bunk the Bible stories often used to justify Israel's historic
Pugaland, the leading Israeli archaeologist says, Zebra Herzog is caused a stir here with an essay arguing
that the United Monarchy of David and Solomon described in the Bible as the height of military
political and economic power of the people of Israel was that most a small tribal kingdom.
The excavations also indicate that the ancient Israelites were never in Egypt,
did not wander the desert, did not conquer land and military campaign, and did not pass it onto
the 12 tribes of Israel, says Herzog and archaeology professor at Tel Aviv University. Herzog was
conducted excavations to try to confirm the Bible stories, says the findings he writes about have
also been known for decades. But they've been ignored for fear they'll undermine the legitimacy
of the Israeli state established in after a 1948 war against the Arabs. Palestinians, more than two
minute of whom are now refugees, describe the war as a military land grab, as George would say.
settlers also used the Biblical historical legitimized Jewish settlements in the Biblical land of
Judea, now the West Bank which is re-occupied in the 1967-06-day war. The blow to the mythical
foundations of the Israeli identity is apparently too threatening and is more convenient to turn a
blind eye Herzog writes in the essay published yesterday in the Highbrow High Arts magazine.
Any attempt to question the reliability of the Biblical descriptions is perceived as an attempt
to undermine our historic right to the land and as shattering the myth of the nation that is
renewing the ancient kingdom of Israel he is. It's time for archaeological, archaeological findings to
displace Biblical myths, he says. Both religious and secular Israelis have denounced Herzog's thesis.
It's an insult to the Ottoman integrity of history, said Hanan Portat, head of the right wing,
National Union Party, which strongly supports Jewish settlements on the occupied West Bank, of course.
Rabbi Shalom Gov, who teaches at Jerusalem College, dismissed Herzog as someone who will get his
little moment in the limelight and then pass from the scene. Joseph Loppy, head of the staunchly
secularist Shinui Parti, described Herzog's essay as cheap pursuit of sensationalism.
Support did come from his Israel's education minister, Yossi Sarri, who said he might make
the findings, part of the curriculum if they're found to be academically sound.
Herzog says archaeologists have long tried to verify Bible stories at point of the origins of
the Israelites. Many ancient Egyptian documents remain today, but none mentions the presence of
the Israelites in Egypt, Herzog writes, nor do they mention the Exodus through the desert,
which some argue occurred in 1445 BC. In the Bible, one of the major events that shaped the people of
Israel is the story of how Joshua led them into conquering the land from the Canaanites,
that includes the story of the toppling of the walls of Jericho and the conquest of the city of
O'alee. But excavations found that if the last part of the 13th century BC, the agreed upon
period for the conquest, neither Jericho nor O'alee existed, Herzog says. There is no factual basis
for the biblical story about the conquest by Israelite times in a military campaign led by Joshua,
adding that Palestine was under Egyptian rule until the middle of the 12th century BC.
So who then were the Israelites? Herzog asks, the name Israel is mentioned in a single Egyptian
document and refers to an ethnic group of farmers who worked the land and raised sheep in a small
settlement. You call it a long way, baby, from sheep farmers, but they sure were friendly.
Excavations in Jerusalem, I wonder if they were circumcised. Excavations in Jerusalem over
the past century and a half have tried to find evidence of the mighty unified monarchy of David
and Solomon described in the Bible. The findings indicate the monarchs were the rulers of tribal
kingdoms that controlled small areas, Herzog said. How do you like that? Just another bunch of
albamyces from the Bible. Fairy tales. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18th,
T-line, 877, 785, Niel, 785, 60, 345. Here's Miami, hello?
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir.
Is that a kind of a cruise Greek night? Is that a real thing or a joke?
A bigger part? A commercial about kind of a cruise, I agree.
I don't know. Call them up and find out. I don't know. Here's Miami, hello.
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I like to do this for a time that I call you.
I've lived it to you all the time. But why don't you say it's all from a little bit slower?
Yeah, because it's going a little bit fast all the time. Okay. 5, 6,
no, not for me, I really got it. I mean, 7, whenever you say it's so quick.
Why don't you say it so quick? Well, I mean for everybody also, I'll give it much more slowly.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 0. Okay. I like your program a lot. Yes.
And basically, you should talk more about day counting.
Meaning what? Meaning you like my program a lot, but now you want to tell me what I should talk about?
No, I talk about anything, but let's give a little bit push on the things about day counting.
What is there to talk about besides corruption and banana boat people? What else is there to say?
What can be done about that? Nothing. Nothing? No.
This is a radio show. I don't have the answers to the items of mankind, sir. I wish I did.
I wish I had a magic wand away. Okay, Neil. Thank you.
And God bless you. I'll pray for Dave County. Okay, sir. Okay.
Okay. Right now we're going to talk tonight.
For a pre-dayed county.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T. Yes, you're talking more about day counting.
You think I should talk about? I don't.
We have most of us have written dayed county off, although we will be at these specs on US 1,
right by the, the Gables that is, right by U of M.
Noond to 2 on Saturday, November 13. Like I said, lucky 13.
For center one. And OJ will not be there.
And either will us grow and by the way, if we can help it, she's not permitted.
We don't want to see her ugly ass or the rest of her.
Just unbelievable, unconscionable, the kind of thing that go on in this place.
I can't. There are no words to describe the way I feel about this excuse for a place of business.
1255 and 560 WQM.
But heads, it's a 1 to 2 hour.
Well, where?
Twilight.
How can that twinksy thing.
Tell me chronic
er
now,
well she
She was doing when she played her part
Well she banged her head on the steering wheel
Not the usual way we feel
Sign on the road, says straight ahead
Grab stop was near, she would soon be fed
Gave it some gas and swear to the right
Heading for the best good light
She lost control, the poor is blue
And landed next to the drive through air
Well poor old Monica Lewisky
Grasher Clark, she was hungry
But she's in luck, her crew is a step
Her mouth is not dead and she can still give head
Will you fuck back on?
102-560, 72-MXR, big gigantic
That's smelly 1-2 hour today
We got Hank Goldberg from Cool City at 2
We got the Boogster speaking of big in fat 6-10
And we got him Kaplan with a professional GAs show 10 o'clock tonight
5-670-560, I'm sorry 5-670-560
5-670-560, I'm sorry 5-670-560
I don't want to talk about Dave County, I don't want to live in Dave County
In fact, preferably I wouldn't want to work in Dave County, we're just under the county line
Close enough I can throw the change to my good friend Sylvia at the pool booth there
Have a great day Sylvia
5-670-560, pound 560 on the AT&T line
Here's Tallahassee, hello
Yeah and the one like your new 877 number, it's pretty cool
Yeah it is
I think it's a good time, I saw that movie Stig Moda and that's talking about the abuse of power in the church
Keeping the masses in the dark about findings and mumbo jumbles, saying okay, yeah the blood of Christ
Holy crying, that is loud
Do it for the blood of Christ
What type was it, oh negative or something
I wonder if you had any weed in his
Not the power of Christ, come tell him to
Yeah enough talking about power County, we can talk about the whole damn country if you'd like to
In fact if we could just impose a whole tank or a whole fee like they did that's a golf tournament
They're probably always here tomorrow
I think it's a bad chance to do anything that you know J.D. of plan that's all permanent
If anyone can walk a water, you can't
Okay, closing out like the name the whole of
Badden, a dish bag
Take a lot
That's what the world needs baby
It's got genetic exorcism, when in doubt cleanse it out
5 670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line
The VNH, Duno harm, that's it very simple
Oh no, what a Bible saying, I'm gonna eat but I'm gonna eat but I'm up and I'm gonna eat
Yeah, okay
Keep complicating things man, and more complicating you want to make it the more difficult it becomes
Here's plantation, hello
Plantation
Hey, how's going there?
Okay sir
Hey man, I wake up to you every day, I set my alarm clock so I can hear you
Morning and just a trip man, listen to you, I just want to say that
Just a couple of comments man, all these people talking about how the world's gonna hand and all that
I mean, most of our like religious people and like you know Arabs and Jews and Muslims and Hindus and Protestants and Catholics
Yeah
And it's like you know, they're the ones that are doing all the fighting you know
And the other shame was like the Pope in America you know
He came over here to like stop the death penalty or the execution of the Jews
He interfered in the internal affairs of this country so he interfered in the execution of a murderer in Missouri
Yeah, in Missouri
And what happened is you know, what I look at anyway from the outside is like you know, it's just a poxious thing
I mean, here the Pope is, comes over here, tells everybody stop it, next thing a couple days later they execute the guy
I mean, these are some of the most religious people in America in the Midwest you know
So, I don't get it man
Neither
You get it George? No
No, 56670560, pound 560 on the AT, but I'm telling you the good stuff, this happens all the time I can't stand what has happened
The really good stuff comes in and we didn't get any
We got our sandwiches this morning from the forcehead guy, but the really good stuff came in and we didn't get a guy in the end bit of it
Not even a sniff
Here's keep it skein, hello
Oh, keep it skein
Yes sir
Hey Neil, how are you?
Okay, I love the show
I'm your reporter on the field here, just a couple little breaking news, there's a plane that just went down a little Sessman west for Lauderdale
And by the way, they said that also Peyton didn't die of his liver seeing a diet of cancer
Right
I just thought that I didn't know if anybody knew that
Also just a few things
Why wouldn't we know that?
I don't know, I guess I was wrong, you are brilliant, you are God
No, it's not God, it's in the newspaper, it was on the news last night
I mean if you watch and you're right, I understand, I understand what you're saying
Alright, but the Sessman thing is just in case it was awful that we would have a request to drink today for me please
Okay, have a great day
Oh, you know something I'm going to play music, I mean these people have got nothing today
What just happened with that black line you had on there, what was that?
You have somebody that's in love with you, it keeps calling so
Oh, the black line out because I hung up on it really fast
Oh, good, no, that scares me when I see that black line, not that I want to get back into the racial stuff from yesterday again
You know, but I do have this thing about things black, like black cats, even like little black dogs
Sometimes I think it'll spook through them especially when they do you have so many deposits around?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Whatever happened to the fine art of verbal intercourse man?
Did we ever have it in this town?
No, maybe about a hundred years ago
We had, did we have a real woman color today?
We had the crazy woman talking about how her son wanted to get the chicken soup in New York
Whatever the hell I was all about at the Yankee Victory celebration and then we had the really crazy lady talking about Howard Coacel
Too much off the top or something like that about a bad haircut
That's it, that's the woman we've had today
See, I want to say one thing, I don't know why I beg for women colors because when we do get women colors
99% of them are wackos anyway
Wackos and game players, which oh man remember I was telling you off the year that just not too many days ago
How about how old you straight guys have to put up with these game playing women?
Oh, do we?
Oh yeah
And boy do we have the greatest game playing bitch in the world here at this radio station?
Yes we do boys and girls, how do I want to start with at SCRUAN business again?
Let's play some little games, let's manipulate, let's get out the pictures again, let's threaten people, let's you know, throw a tantrum
You are the anti-Christ SCRUAN, you are the scum of the universe and that's a compliment
Here's Miami, hello
Can I speak to me?
I beg your pardon?
Oh, I want to speak to you
Hey, how's it going?
Can you speak to you?
Yes
Hey, no, I just want to ask you a question, since you are a member
I want to ask you a question, you thought it's an axe?
That's what the sounded like then
Okay, I'm sorry, I didn't say that
The Abonics has something else, you know
Hey, I knew, I want to ask you, you travel a lot and comparing Miami's airport, I mean what would you do if you were put in charge of that in order to give it a makeover
New kid
Seriously?
I mean, what I would do is like you know bring some outside people there who aren't paying off people to get on the inside to get the concessions in there
Bringing some really good like make a food court like they have in a real restaurant, but that's not going to happen
I was told just not too many days ago that they are bringing in some guy who is you know, Schmier and this one and Schmier and that one who's got all the rights in there
And he's going to bring his own stuff in there
I think you read the articles in the video
Yes I did
Last week, finally they did it
This is not a new story, it's been like this for 20 years now
Yeah, I heard a lot of good things about Amsterdam's airport, Siphon
People, it's great
Yeah, I heard a lot of good things
And you talk about shopping, I mean they've got just dozens and dozens, I mean you can shop for anything and they're clothing and food and books
I mean, this is phenomenal, it's an enormous place
And it keeps expanding all the time
And they got their own train station in there, you get out from your plane, you walk not too far
And you get on the train and take you right downtown, that's a real city man
Yeah
This is Make Believe
Yeah, I think it is
A lot of people, man, I mean I heard also that they're going to start out the biggest flights
Out of Miami on National Airlines
I asked Bob looking at the other day again and we keep hearing they're going to do this
And you know something that was supposed to start in December, don't hold your breath
Yeah, I'll hold your breath
No, I took your advice, I ruined the hitcher
And that was actually a very good movie
Yeah, great
I mean, you're just going to be me asking this question
Where was the time you saw a black person hitchhiking?
You never see it
I don't see anybody hitchhiking anymore
Oh yeah, I mean, that's sort of died out in the late 70s
I'll thank God
I mean, there's just one of those questions I asked myself, I never see that
Okay, Bob, we'll try and go out and find some after the show
Okay, Bob, I'll go find some after the show
Okay, Bob, I'll go find some after the show
Okay, what do you see?
I think I lost in the middle of the spindle there on Rector Howard's chin
5670560, by the way, FX sucks, okay?
You people with Fox, your FX will be channel sucks
I mean, talk about a bunch of pussy's
Watching nothing in here one day last week
And they bleep out the part where C Thomas Hall goes in there and
Spits right there on Rector Howard's Puss
I mean, that's like a very appointed, that's an important part of the movie
I mean, it's symbolic and it can mean to you whatever you wanted to mean
But it's, you know, got something, I guess that's what they're afraid of
Assholes
It's 11 after 1, a QA
Dolphins, hurricanes plus Sunday and Monday night football
Your football superstition is sports radio 560 QAM
Yeah, kid, baby
15 to 560 WTQM where the Israelis ever in Egypt
No, no, no, they were never there, never stole a freight train
No, they never built a pyramid
No, how do you like that?
560 7, and it's still ain't going to get on the ice
Yeah, that's the ass
So the speaking
560 7, 05 60, 05 60 on the 18 T line 877 7, 07, 07, 05 63, 05 on the other
Downline
Here's Helen Dale, hello
Hi
Yes, ma'am
I love you
First of all, I've been saying the Bible for a long time and being a woman
The only women in the Bible seem to be horse or martyrs
So I never accept this
Sounds like QA and a man
Secondly, I just came back from Key West
And I got tired of hearing painsterts, still on news every day
217 people died on the plane leaving Key West
Right
So I guess there were no...
217 people died on the plane leaving Key West?
Yes
It was on the front of Miami, he's a herald
On the plane leaving Key West?
Yes
Right, I first had two fifths
So apparently there were no goppers or non-cinners on the plane
217 people?
117 people
George, do you have any idea what she's talking about?
No
There's no 7 out of the herald
217 people died on the ear Egypt crash
This is a plane leaving Key West
Yes, there was a plane leaving Key West but there were 217 people on it
I think there were four people on it
Man
Ok then
Oh my God
217 people
died on a plane from Key West
567-0560-050560 on the AT&T wireless line
Seriously, I feel like Ishqa Bibli
Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach, hella
Yes sir
That's the great well informed people of South Florida
How do you like that? It was right on the front page
217 people died on it from Key West
I suppose it was on the spot pages
Two things as a golfer, I agree with everybody saying it is probably the most boring game to watch
Right
Second, just got back from your favorite place
The two weeks in Italy
Yeah
First time ever
You were talking about religion before
One of the amazing things that I found out while I was dead this time is
They're cleaning the 15 chapel
And the Japanese are paying for it
Yeah
97 million dollars is what they're paying
Clean it
And now you cannot take a picture
In the entire 15 chapel
You talk about commercialism
In the region
Well the gaps have to pay for it
The Italian people are going to pay for it, they don't want anything to do with the Vatican
But it's a church, the church you'd be paying for it
It's there, it's the pier
Why should they pay for it if the japs want to pay?
Well, again, they're turning it into a total, religion it's a total commercial enterprise
Jean, what a shock
Surprise, surprise, thank you
Okay, glad you had a good time
Okay, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line
We got 600 open lines, 41 minutes to go here
We're right on the edge of some great music, I'll tell you that
This has been quite a collection today
This one you think you've had the greatest collection of calls ever
You're coming in and you get these today
These are really special
Here's the mobile and cross-bring, hello
Yeah, if you don't like it, why don't you leave
If you don't like it, why don't you leave
What would you back to Toronto?
What would you do then sir?
What would you do? All no answer for me, I can't answer the question
What would you do who's still listening?
The same whiner
If you don't like it, why don't you leave? I'll leave when I'm ready to leave
Like I told it last time, and the time before that, that you call with the same stupid question
Okay, whiner?
Waaah! Waaah!
I love it
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless
Go out and bark at the moon, okay, maybe it'll go away
Maybe it'll fall right out of the sky, maybe it'll fall on the river
Correct, who knows?
If we're lucky, here's Pemberpine, hello
Pemberpine
Hello, Neil, yes sir
On Jordan North, and back to you
Thank you, Neil, this is John Lombardo from Lombardo's Meets and Delhi
You have literally destroyed my salesman
My salesman is right, you have just ripped him into asshole
What do you mean? Well, he was in here, and he was taking my board's head order
And I'm so glad you mentioned him, boards at the hell of a product
Don't mention his name
No, I'm not going to mention his name, but you'd called him a jet fan
He hates the jets
Oh, this must be the wrong guy then
No, it's the right guy, he just don't like the jets
He was there twice to you this week, dropping off
He wasn't dropping off anything to me, he would have that morning crowd, he's got nothing to do with us
Oh yeah, but it was me, he made sure that he wanted you to get some of it
I didn't, if you know him, still want you to get some
Believe me, he didn't want us to get any of it
I think he did, he wanted to spread the wealth
Okay
He really did, he wanted to spread the wealth
Yeah, he loves you, Neil
He loves you, he said because you think he's a jet fan, and he really is him, he hates the jets
He is a dolphin fan
So what does he call a morning show all the time and pretend to be a jet fan?
No no, I listen to the morning show, he doesn't pretend to be a jet fan
Okay, well listen, have a great day
Oh my god, oh
Oh
5,6,7,0,5,60,0,5,60
Didn't I ask them this morning, is that the same Richie that's Richie the jet fan at cost?
And he's always talking about Joe and his big hand
And yeah, that's a guy, but he's not a bad guy
And then I'll just give him your song in advance
This is a reality, this is a dream
Yeah, this has got to be a dream.
I mean, you know, I find to get pretty much 99% over my list area.
Maybe this is hysteria.
Maybe this is like the aftermath of eating those bad weenies.
That might be it.
Only what's your excuse?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
As we continue searching for a real call here today,
if we had what you would consider like a real call today,
I don't think so.
Maybe some like on the edges of it.
Have we had any sane women call this show today?
No.
Any sane men?
No.
Okay, at least they're consistent.
Here's a mobile in Kendall.
Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
What a ponderous day.
Oh, unbelievable.
I mean, it's like beyond death.
Did you happen to catch that?
I think you're a little getting a little carried away, but anyway.
Did you happen to catch the Lenny Bruce?
No, I can't move on a couple.
No.
Well, he had the solutions to racism.
Yeah.
And just completely wipe it out on a global level.
Yeah.
Basically, he said that what was that?
Are you like in the toilet or something?
And now it just passed the truck.
Oh, his thing was if you, if everybody in the world,
yeah, would just start blanking everybody else.
Oh, they already are.
We don't be the same color.
Yeah, yeah, they already are.
And then racism would be like out the window.
Mm-hmm.
And then these people who see color, you know,
would see no color anymore.
Yeah.
I don't like that.
No.
Oh, well, I tried Neil.
OK, have a great day.
Thank you.
You'll get this week.
OK, we'll tell you when you're going to wake up.
567, set the alarm for that guy.
567, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
877, 785, Neal, 785, 6345.
For the supposedly Resta Florida line.
Didn't our program director take care of that little problem
by the way on that line?
Evidently not?
I mean, I realized he was gone for a couple of days,
but evidently that still hasn't been taken.
Maybe we have to wait for George Corso to come back.
Because every time I ask our program director to do anything,
well, we have to wait for a f***ing come back.
Whoever it is.
Maybe we have to wait for Richie from Borset to come back
with more sandwiches.
Then we can take care of that.
Here's a mobile in Homestead.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
OK.
Since you are the Italy kind of, sir,
one is to get help with some information.
I'm leaving there to go there on Sunday for 11 days.
Yeah.
Well, kind of money.
I mean, I don't make as much money as you do.
But what would they do for money?
What's the good amount I should take?
Well, what does that mean?
What would you do for money?
I don't understand what that means.
What's the good amount?
What's your going to do?
Where you're going to stay?
We have a tour, everything.
We're going to take it to Evier.
But people have told me all, take 300, take 400,
take a thousand dollars.
Take 300 dollars for 11 days?
Well, everything's paid for.
Yeah, including your meals.
Meals and everything.
And I just know I've never been out.
You're going on a tour?
Exactly.
Oh, I hate that.
Oh, you don't tell me that.
No, it's just not for me.
Maybe you'll have a good time.
Maybe you'll like it a lot.
I don't know, Italy.
I don't know where to go.
Yeah.
So we decided to take a tour and let us show everything.
Yeah.
They want to make them good at it.
Then I'll go on my own.
Well, what else are you going to spend?
I mean, if your meals are all paid for,
what do you need?
Need a few hundred bucks, I guess.
Two hundred bucks?
Yeah.
Okay.
Well, I'll do that.
Hopefully everything will work out.
Okay, have a great time, pal.
Thank you, sir.
Okay, take some money.
Take some cash.
Take a few million lira.
Oh, a few million.
Well, you know, thousand lira, 60 cents.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60 pound, five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
And by the way, don't need a McDonald's, please.
Yes, they have many McDonald's in Rome.
Do not go there or will report to the FBI and La Cosa,
Nooster.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Yeah, sir.
Why are you so afraid of the truth that God doesn't exist?
Oh, I'm terrified.
No, seriously, Neil.
What kind of crap is that?
What kind of nonsense is that?
No.
Then I'm not a retactic because I don't agree with your fairytales.
Attack me.
I'm afraid of the truth.
What's the truth?
Can I tell you that I had three miracles in my family?
Three miracles, huh?
In my family?
Elm tree, a fig tree, and a maple tree,
or a figment of your imagination.
Neil.
Yes.
You can still fish it off, but you can't take it, right?
I'm listening to your bubble, my CC.
Let's hear it.
Are you listening?
I'm listening and stop the personal attack or your history, my.
You gave me a part.
OK, bye.
How many times has he called with the same bubble,
my CC, to this guy, this asshole?
You're just like all the other religion, sir.
Attack, attack, attack.
I'm a bad guy.
You're the good guy because you have all these miracles
in your life, and you're a good guy.
And you believe in all those fairytales.
Great.
I'm happy for you.
The works for you.
I'm happy for you.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
877-785, Neil, NEIL, on the out of Florida line.
Whatever the hell that is.
Deadline.
26 after 1, a QA.
Only one South Florida radio station has got half a million.
You are doing this a thing to it.
Go for it.
Weekday after noon to 2, sports radio 560, QAM.
Neil Rott.
God.
By the offspring.
Dr. Brown.
Who knows those criss-quattro-sinco-sinco-sase?
Yeah.
He needs some cool tunes, not just any wick to fight,
but they don't have ice cubes, so he bought vanilla ice.
Now cruising in his pinto, he sees homies as he has.
But if he looks twice, they're going to kick slowly.
Now he's getting a tattoo.
He's getting inked up.
He asked for a 13, but they drew a 31.
Friendsay is trying too hard, but he's not quite fit,
but in his own mind, he's the dopest trip.
Give it to me, baby.
Uh-huh.
Give it to me, baby.
Uh-huh.
Give it to me, baby.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Give it to me, baby.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
No.
What's 31 at 560 WDQM?
My little technical problem is beginning because I'm under a lot of stress here today.
Mind a lot of stress here.
No.
That's a good excuse.
Well, I'm patching around because I knew this we got is just unbelievably bad.
Just tragic.
560-70560, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
And of course this line here, the waist of timeline.
Hello.
Like I said, here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
And regarding the Jind Gray interview of feed rose left.
No.
No.
No.
560-705 and by the way, Abe Lincoln's got a bad headache, okay?
Regarding the call up out of the sports show is maybe they'll still talk about that but I really know I doubt it.
Okay.
Yeah, exactly.
Let's paint our eyes shut.
In fact, I don't think I have to paint them at this point.
Can you imagine that and now you told me that bad news about what do they call it?
The internet for all the entire world this show this week?
All access.com.
All access.com.
Everybody in the world is listening to this show and they're thinking, wow, listen to these calls from South Florida.
Those must be the dumbest goddamn people on the face of the earth.
What kind of a bunch of calls are those?
What kind of a bunch of mouth-reading idiots they got down here, huh?
Oh my God.
So we are doing a public service and you're welcome by the way all over the world?
Because what you hear, believe me, when I tell you is exactly what you get.
Like that.
Kind of like, eeehh.
Here's Manny Beach.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good afternoon.
And back to you.
I haven't talked just to you and I haven't heard you talk much about the election today.
Why would I talk much about the election?
I thought you had some comments about what's happening in my area.
I personally think, you know, I'm going to vote for, again, Sregal out on vote for Anna Squee.
Anna Squee, yeah.
Writing Kid Curry too.
Oh.
Yeah.
I think you'll be, you know, at least as I told you about a year ago, I still think she's got one of the most beautiful chests ever seen.
I asked, not chest, ass, speak for ass.
In fact, maybe her asses were chested supposed to be, I don't know, but it's big.
That's what kids said.
5670560, com 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
She's old news, pal.
Old news.
Here's a lady mobile in West Palm.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi.
I want to tell Neil he should hear as much luck in Vegas as I did.
I just, I just won a Dodge Biker at the MGM.
Wow.
That's great.
Yeah.
I just wanted to tell you I hope he has as much fun as I do.
I hope so too.
Thank you.
Bye.
Bye bye.
She is my nice Biker.
See, there is no guy.
You see that?
Told you.
She wanted Dodge Biker.
Wow.
5670560, com 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hi.
How are you today?
Okay.
Okay.
I just hope you know that you have a great show.
Yes, I do.
And call her, but I have a tremendous show.
You did a good job.
I beg your pardon?
You are doing a great show.
I'm doing a spectacular job.
I am.
Okay.
Do you want to?
Speaking of date County.
Can you tell me why do we want to do that?
Can you tell me why do Cuban and Miami do?
I mean, the Cuban women's Miami.
They don't, they don't, they don't, they don't, they.
Cuban what?
Cuban women in Miami.
The Cuban women?
Why, why did they say the Cuban women's in Miami?
Yeah, why did they say the Cuban women's in Miami?
Women.
How many M's are you spelling that with?
How many I?
The Belle.
I.
Oh.
M-M.
M-E-N-Z.
M-E-N.
Oh my god.
The women's in Miami, the Cuban women, they don't want it.
They don't want it.
They don't want it.
They want it.
They want it.
Because they're probably married to Cuban men.
Oh, because they are oppressed.
That's right.
They're under a lot of, they're under a lot of duress.
Yeah, because the Cuban women.
They don't like sparses is what George said.
That's why they give you a sour push.
They don't like darkies.
Sir.
What happened to them?
Oh, I guess I mean, you're still there?
Yeah, I mean, they don't like dark folks.
It's not even, no.
Cuban women.
I'm telling you.
But when they are, they are the resist.
Yes.
But I'm not dark skin.
Aren't you dark?
You sound dark.
No.
How dark are you?
You want to scale a one to ten?
You think being the darkest of nine and a half?
Your composition.
Your my compulsion, pasty?
Yeah.
With a voice like that, where are you from?
Fiji.
Fiji.
Yeah.
You did travel, man.
Okay.
See you, man.
Have a good day.
Then leave those Cuban women alone.
Okay.
Go ahead.
Go ahead and honor us, quick.
Oh, my God.
This is great.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Tom Fie.
This is my kind of show today.
This is the meat and potatoes of this town, boy.
I can't wait.
I'm going to laugh this off in the longest tongue you ever seen.
I've done it.
I love it.
Want me to prove it to you?
Here's South Miami.
Hello.
I'll go nail her again.
Pretty good.
I just got in from Key West and I found out that painsteer won the golf tournament.
Yeah, he did.
I wonder if that really lady realizes what she said or...
That's why I asked her 45 different times what she's talking about.
217 people died on a plane from Key West and she just lim lim lim lim like that.
Of course, she lives in hell in there.
What do you expect?
Hey, listen.
I travel all over Latin America for my job and I have noticed one thing.
I work on cargo aircraft and a lot of the young men that come on there.
One of the aircraft offloaded to playing love to play crab bass.
Yeah.
What's up with that?
With who?
With each other.
Oh, I see.
Well, what's wrong with that?
It's better than putting hand grenades in the overheads.
All right.
I love your show.
Something's got to blow up.
Okay, I have a great day pal.
Something's got to blow sometime, baby.
Squared, squared.
It's right.
Oh, you want to see this stuff that goes on at MIA late at night.
I can only imagine.
I think I'm going to hang out there.
I'm going to the airport tonight about 10, 30, 11 o'clock and just hang out in the tea room
and just kind of like see what's going on.
Take a little peek out of the corner of my eye.
See some of the action going on over there, especially in that concourse H stands for
a homo.
I think is what that concourse H is all about.
You know what I'm saying?
A homo.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8.
Well, of course, they're all Latino.
So what do you expect?
And pound 5, 6, 8, 8, and T.
Why was Sliders?
They do it the airport just pound this as often as you can.
22 before 2 at WQA.
I'm the home of total inhospitality and home of total.
I don't think with a golf tournament, what I wouldn't give just so that we never would have
been involved in the first place.
My instinct told me just say, oh, and you know what?
Wasn't it great?
Who was it that said the other day and that great Republican debate the other night in
New Hampshire?
And the way to solve the drug problem is just go back and do what Nancy Reagan said.
Just say, no.
Yeah, there you go.
There's a real mature adult answer for you.
There's how to solve the so-called drug problem is just telekins to say no.
No, no, no.
No, to drug, to sex, to crime, to violence, to anything bad.
No.
There you go.
Wow.
Thank God for the Republican Party coming forward with these really great messages for the new
millennium.
Thank God for them.
22-till-two at QAM.
It's live from the Polka del Vard.
Don't use a loud country club.
It's a WQAM charity golf tournament.
Oh, I'm head of the left.
I'm Barbaraleau.
We're here to provide you with all the play-by-play and action.
All right.
O.J. is addressing the ball.
And the ball?
At least we just have to wipe that.
Get out of my way to play golf.
I'll leave you a lot of hours to do that.
I'll give you a day.
Oh.
What a slice.
Sure he is.
David Boone is just lighting up this pot.
He puts the ball in the basket.
John Wayne Casey is attempting to bury his balls.
And the Freddy has looked to a realistic balance.
It's on tune on that.
Yes.
Carey as though he could do it.
I'm great after the Barbarale House Manager.
One more.
One more.
It reminds me.
I wish to take this time and thank you the generous staff of WQAM,
for providing the light blue finger food.
And courtesy of Raka Hauas-Bewbied buffet.
Nourish me, mommy.
Have you tried the...
...paw the beans?
No.
Remember all proceeds from this match go directly to WQAM,
preferably with checks written to cash.
And we'll return with more after this one from Humekto.
Only $50.
Okay, $16.2 at 5.60 WQAM.
Love that call for him, baby.
Uh-huh.
600 open lines, 5.6705.60,
pound 5.60 on the AT&T wireless line.
And then of course there's always that Florida line.
Here's a mobile in Pompano.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi, sir.
I hope you don't hang up on the I'm a Christian believer.
And I want to apologize for the so-called believers that call in and attack you and verbally say things against you.
Yeah, well, I don't take any crap from anybody.
That's a part of my problem.
Well, it's wrong.
It's scripturally wrong.
The Bible says that you'd be in Jewish that we are to bless you.
And if we curse you, we will be cursed.
Uh-huh.
Would you have enough guts for me to pray for you today?
One more time.
One more time.
Right. Well, Father, in the name of Jesus.
Yeah.
In the name of Jesus, get lost.
Okay, Foni Bastard.
560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Well, I'll tell you we've had them all today.
If we had them all, or what?
6,000 open lines.
You're waiting on you.
We got 15 minutes to go.
Maybe you can top that guy.
Okay.
He's praying for me.
I'll pray for you, Paolo.
Okay.
Baruch Hatad and I gave cock it off.
And you know, how do you like that?
Cox LaHoyce.
Here's the Hollywood.
Hello.
Thank you, Roger.
Yes, sir.
Can't hear you, sir.
Can you hear me now?
There you go.
That thing with a hole is in a worse like a miracle.
Okay.
I just want to make remark about that.
The discussions you have with the, with the gentleman's name, Mr. O.J. Sensen or so.
Discussions I have with them.
I have never had no questions with them.
No, no, no.
Things with people that are calling in your program.
Yes.
I think that you realize that this is the price your system has to pay.
But what do you mean, my system?
What is your system?
No, no, no, no.
I have, you know, you are an American citizen.
I'm not.
Where, what citizen are you?
I'm from your, your second home place from the Netherlands.
Oh.
You have the duty, jurisdiction, right?
Jewry system.
Yes.
And that is the price you're going to pay, sir.
You have sometimes very uneducated people in the jury because everybody is bound to...
Let's talk about something important.
Like where do all those charges come from that are peddling drugs out on the streets of Amsterdam?
And can we send them back?
Well, I don't think you know what I'm talking about.
Those black folks with the dreadlocks, the roster guys that are on track.
Well, where they all come?
I mean, everything else in Amsterdam is beautiful.
It's wonderful, as you know.
But why are those guys there?
They carry the Dutch passport.
Yeah, they're there.
What can we do to take them away?
That's what my question is.
Let's start confiscating their passport.
If the Netherlands and Telly's their independence and then you can put them out.
But you know...
I guess no place is perfect.
You know, we've always got to have something to...
Just a little irritating, you know.
No, I wanted to be...
I think I tell you, we all think that's about...
That's a tightness for the handle for all.
Well, that's just about advertised.
I mean, you don't need any advertising.
You've got tremendous tourist business.
But it's just irritating.
It's annoying.
But there's nothing you can do if they...
You know, they're...
Maybe a bath might help, you know?
Maybe a communal bathhouse might be good.
But the question is that there are no bathhouses.
That's bad.
Well, they're that citizens.
You can't put them out.
And you know...
And they get free social security and free medicines and...
Oh, everything.
You know...
But listen, if...
If...
When you had the old gay sense in case...
Yeah.
If it went, you know, in Europe...
In a case like this from earlier...
We have three judges.
He would...
You know, he would have never been...
You know, if he was...
Three white judges.
Huh?
Three white judges.
No, maybe not.
Oh, yeah.
No, no, no.
Yeah, that's...
Come on.
And Netherlands, you'd have white judges with the world.
Well, they are some.
Also from, you know, from the old colonies.
You have the judges that are brown and black and carry the Dutch nationalities.
So, they...
Listen, you know...
You're...
I think you have a problem.
You only know Amsterdam.
And have you ever been to another city in Holland?
To where?
To any other city in Netherlands?
No.
Why don't you do that once?
For what?
Huh?
I mean, because I have a limited amount of time when you go on vacation and you don't want to waste your time traveling around.
And, you know, we want to be in one place.
No.
There's...
If I can leave tomorrow, I'll be glad if I have like two, three months to take off.
I'd be delighted.
Well, I agree that Amsterdam is...
You know, it's the best in...
Not only in Holland, but in the world.
But do me a favor whenever you dare again.
What would you recommend?
Why do you go to the southern part of Holland?
Why do you go to them bus and to much stricth?
And must reach.
To Limburg and...
Yeah.
You know, first of all, the people are much friendly and nicer in the south part of the Netherlands.
They seem pretty friendly to me in the north part, I don't know.
I don't know.
They'll have me problem in every girl.
They seem very friendly.
Do it.
It won't cost you much.
And even the people in Cologne, which is in Germany, but right across the border, they're very friendly too.
That's a beautiful city.
Have you been to Dsseldorf?
No.
Do it, too.
Only at the train station.
Dsseldorf is at his nicest Cologne.
What?
Is it his nicest Cologne?
Well, they're all German cities, you know.
Have you been to Berlin?
Oh, yes, many times.
You like it?
I love Berlin.
Oh, yeah.
It's a beautiful city.
Well, I tell you, it's part of all those Germans.
It's beautiful.
95% of all big European cities are much nicer than any American cities.
Absolutely correct.
You agree with me?
You've been for yes, sir.
And the mentality of the people in the streets, you think it's shot.
Well, you talk to people.
You sit on a terrace.
You talk to your neighbors here.
If you talk to somebody in the elevator in the building, they think you want a mob.
That's correct.
That's correct.
So, I don't know.
Something is wrong, and it's getting worse here.
Well, you and I will sit down on the Dan Square and we'll have a long time.
Well, the company that hired me here, the contract is over in seven months.
And I'll probably be on the same flight we chew back inside.
There you go.
Okay, Donkabel.
Donkabel and Puttein, sir.
Okay, so.
It's 10 before two at 560 WQA and your Dutch station for the 90s.
