B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B
It's Friday, you bastard. This is Jocelyn Elders and I'm mad. Mad at those right-wing sons of bitches that force Bill Clinton to fire me. Just hold her the hell they think they are. All I was trying to do was deal with the reality of sex and teenagers. Maybe if Jesse Holmes had busted check or a new gang rich had buttered the corner a little more, there wouldn't be so uptight. Flogging the door never hurt anybody. And if people did a little more of it, we might save some lives.
Hell of Clinton just stayed home and spanked the monkey. He'd even been less hot water. Teaching kids about masturbation would be no big deal. We could even take some standard teaching tools and just twist them around a little bit like... See Dick Run. When you see Dick Run, get to the doctor because you picked up a bad case of Crouch Crickets. Folks, we got to get real about the realities of the world we live in. There are too many kids out there taking a baloney ride and parking their yacht in Hair Harbor.
Now if we just teach them to stay home and paddle the pickles, pump the pie thong, walk the dough, wax the carrot or pickles the taco, we'd all be better off. That's all I have to say. Now I'm going home now and see if Mr. Elders wants to pop it in the toaster and hail a oyster and buzz the grill over.
Don't bow guard that joint, my friend. Get in the hood, dead body in the hood. Don't bow guard that joint, my friend. I have no other man. Roll up the other one. Just like the other one.
This is the thing to be a farmer with. And I need another hand.
Okay. Don't bow guard that joint, my friend. No. No.
Who's smoking is one that was waiting on the TV that you would return?
Roll.
Oh. Just like the other one. This one seems about to be dead.
And I don't have a brother.
Oh. My.
No.
Yes.
Oh.
Oh.
I think like next week one day we won't tell him what's today we should just take the hero. I don't even smoke weed as you know, but we should just both light up a big fat one here during the show. How does that sound?
I'll bring them. Okay. Call what they know. We got a lock on the inside of the door.
We get like another little crown incident here. Another bird seed incident. Oh, they're smoking pot on the air. Oh, my God. Call a police. Speaking of call a police. Oh, boy. We got a body. Greg. We just came in here looking a little bit nice suit today. Greg.
Excellent. Looking really sharp from like the chin down. That here though. Wow.
He's that radio pioneer. My economy. My economy. Yeah. That's what you look like. Greg like a little Italian. My economy. We don't hear. But anyway, he's telling me that there's a body on the street right. We could throw a brick.
We could throw JT the brick from here right down there and that body right out here on 441 at the Ivory Road.
I guess this at nighttime is not the most savory part. I'm talking about this isn't the most savory part of town that we're in. That God, we got lots and lots. That's a good part about being up here on the turd floor.
You know, the guy to call yesterday. You had a good points here audience doesn't care whether on the second floor or the third floor. It's the same crappy old equipment, the same crappy old microphone. It sounds exactly the same.
You know, it's like if somebody's wife has a baby and you go into office and say, Hey, here's the cigar. My wife, we just had a baby. They don't see the baby. I mean, they could pretend being happy for you, but what do they care?
You know, and that's the way this town is. We're having a little bit of excitement here because now we're like putting all kinds of stuff up on the walls. And then this is actually turning out pretty good.
They got the speakers fixed in there. They got our tweeter fixed. We got the TV. It's mounted up there. Almost like a wrestler, which I'm going to talk about by the way. How do you wrestlers? Oh, man, there's a picture in the herald this morning or the sun sentinel.
Is there any doubt? No.
No, no. Now, again, I'm not accusing the individuals near. I'm just saying that the posture, the pose that they're making in there gives me pause makes me really wonder about that whole enterprise high school and college wrestling.
You know what that is. You're not fooling us. Okay. You're not fooling anybody. Are they fooling us? No, I don't think so. But anyway, so evidently, there's a big pimple, pimple beola Cadillac sitting out there with lots and lots of
bullet holes in it. That's the Miami FN way. By the way, we are just in dig county. I'm not saying nobody ever gets shot in Broward. Here at dig county, it's like a pastime, like a hobby. You know, we want to keep up our image.
And there's a body right out there dark, complex guy dead, dead than crap right out there in the street. I guess it's been out there for quite a while. So if there's any tourists is by the way that we don't want you to enter through the police work. Okay, we don't want to get our pork or friends upset.
But like you know, stand on the roof with some binoculars across the back. Maybe Chuck is over there. By the way, hi, Nesey. She waited to meet us morning. I get up there in the corner. She keeps the lookout now. Nesey, she'd be looking out the window and every time I'm there waiting to make my left turn here. I'm like, hey, how you doing? No more sauce on my balls, sweetheart.
Remember that that was another song by the don't vulgar my joint. No sauce on my balls. That was one of my favorites too. I would turn on this morning course. The worst team. They were interviewing some awful, awful baseball thing.
So I turned over for the first time in about two months. I punch over to Rick and suds. And I thought to myself, damn it, they're playing booms a lot by the fugs, which Rick, I don't know who he said recorded it. I think he had that wrong, but nevertheless, they've had a rough weekend. We can relate to that. We've had a rough week. But it made me good feeling Rick said that he had a rough week on there.
It was pumping the numbers. There wasn't much happening because it's been that way all around town. Don't feel bad Rick. It's just going around. It's another malaise here in the big city. We'll have a snap out of it one of these days.
Snap out of the malaise in just a few days. But anyway, so they were playing booms a lot by the phone. Then he got mentioned the fact that don't vulgar my joint was by the same group. No. No.
Now what's your name of the group that does that? Robert Bradley's Blackwater Surprise. Right. There you go. Well, maybe that's what we got on the street out there.
We got a black surprise out on the street. I mean, seriously, what kind of place is this? We're just routinely there. I mean, he said they can't look at more holes in there than a piece of Swiss cheese.
He said, that's things been pulled more times than some of the people in our sales department. Not to mention no names, of course.
So anyway, we got a short show again today. Let's hear from all the people that heard the Marlon game. I rumor has it that Joe Angel yesterday, one through the I didn't hear it myself.
Rumor has it that he said Marlon's baseball has been brought to you this portion by the near Roger show at a boy Joe always like that Joe Angel. He's a good guy.
To make a small talent, someday he might decide to use it. You know, he knows how he frustrates me. I love his voice. I just don't like the cornpong. You know, and of course, Dave O'Brien's great and our own fat.
Booster. He'd be good. So as much as you enjoyed that ball game yesterday, we got another one today, huh?
Awww! A little short show till about 1250. Cardinals at the Marlon today, 10 to 1. Who I love this. I'm not going to complain about it anymore.
Few people that want to hear exhibition baseball. Too bad. We like working in the less than three hours. We love it.
Yesterday we had Dr. Mark in here in Jeff Cohen. Too bad I didn't record that conversation, by the way. I'll get to that in a second.
Because I finally figured out what it is that guys talk about, which is very short. No, it's a very short list. Very short list.
Now is up 51 points. It's over 10,000. 10,049 right now. Kind of like it was up 70, 80 points, but now it's kind of like leveling off. We'll see if they can keep it up the whole day.
Okay. You can slip a big biodegrad pill to the adult. Keep that thing up there. You're all you fork and all excited.
And of course, unless you've got eight of those stocks in the Dow 30 to top eight stocks, you're not making any money anyway.
Or some of those big tech stocks that are all built on a, you know, out of wing in a prayer.
No.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
All right.
Oh, we're fine.
Yeah.
Right.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Workout.
Sitting in the room with the door closed with a little radio on with their headsets on with their Sony Walkman right now right here.
Toughen on a big one.
Right here.
Where you mean in this building?
Probably in our sales department.
Tell me the other day that that goes on all the time.
How do you think they got like that?
How do you think their brains got fried?
A little bit too much bad weasel.
Do it every time.
Of course, good weed.
So anyway, tomorrow speaking of weed.
We want to give a lot of promotion to our good close friend, Joe Costello.
Because he's a good guy.
And nobody's perfect in his case.
He's got a little imperfection on his nose.
And he's also got a little imperfection his taste in what would you call it?
I don't want to say sports.
He's tasting activities.
Motor sports Saturday our brand new show six to seven o'clock tomorrow morning and every Saturday.
Starting the world famous Joe Costello.
You know, just set the alarm clock.
Get up.
Call him up.
Some pretend you're interested.
Make some of those sounds.
You know, round and round.
Those cars going around.
You got in there.
Come on.
Let's crack that up.
Is it on the 360?
I didn't even know what was on there.
Round and round.
I got one in here.
Yeah.
There you go.
Grab those pictures.
I think you could go back to the city.
Or old.
I think we're right by.
There's a body on the street out here.
How do you like that?
First thing Greg Reed said to me when he walks in here, there's a goddamn body on the street
out there.
And I said, anybody we know?
And then of course we started mentioning names.
I don't want to tell you what names we were thinking about.
You can use your own imagination.
Although we already saw Gary Sarner this morning.
Couldn't have been him.
Gary Sarner is my new best friend by the way.
Huh?
We patched up.
He's okay.
Wouldn't you say?
He's like Peck's back now.
What is it?
He has the potential.
He has the potential to be okay.
He needs a little rehab, a little bit of attitude adjustment, a little bit of it.
Now he's come a long way, Gary Sarner.
I've ripped the M&A.
I mean, he's great compared to some of the people we got.
Like Fat Boy, you know?
And Sam.
Oh, and oh, it's already 19 past 10.
We haven't seen Sam yet.
Party time.
Oh, sure.
He didn't get the message.
I mean, don't take it personally, Sam.
I mean, don't get sensitive on me.
But oh, and so how are we coming with the Duff's desk?
By the way, let me announce to the audience that our water situation is sensational.
The people in this building are, they're a stroke and little on Neil Bell.
They don't want to get too close to me personally for real, but they are.
They're stroking it.
Because they're so excited with our friends at Crystal Water.
We think that previously.
What?
Crystal Water.
Are our friends at the Collagen Water?
I had your wife in mind.
Okay, I was thinking about your wife, Crystal.
Why did I say Crystal Water?
Well, it begins with a C. That's closer.
It's right here.
Are friends at Collagen?
Hey, Collagen, man.
Like I said, we don't like Crystal Water too much.
No, didn't they once bring us some stuff?
A long time ago.
Yeah, so we thanked them, but they're panseye.
You're out.
You're out, Tom.
Collagen, the Collagen, man.
Well, okay.
Nobody's perfect.
Like I said, even Joe Castello's got a little problem.
Stuff already picked his desk out.
And I'm not joking.
He should go ahead and order it.
Well, how much is it, by the way?
Oh, I don't know.
But he'll be involved with it.
Well, he'll be involved with it.
It's okay with Greg.
What is it?
He wants to make sure that it's okay with Greg if he gets a free desk.
Before we order it.
From our good friend Joe Resoli at Roth Office Supply.
Does the word pussy come to mind?
Yes.
He wants to make sure it's okay with Greg.
That, that would, you know what?
That's like, that would be like if I said,
if I said to you right now, I'm going to go out and buy you a brand new 1999 Corvette loaded.
And you said, and I'm going to give you the keys and wish you all the best in the world.
And you said to me, well, I better call Crystal and see if it's okay with my wife.
I mean, what is that?
He wants to check.
You see how this man?
I'm going to put you up.
That's my goal.
Okay?
Because he's not a bad guy.
He means well, he won't do much, but he's a good guy.
I'm buying this man a real desk to try to make him into a real man.
He's a real program director, a PD instead of a PP,
instead of a paper pusher, a program director.
You can't be a program director with a makefully fold up portable desk that you carry around like a suitcase.
That's not a program director in a little tiny office like that enough.
We can't expand his office.
We can't make it any bigger and the office either.
But at least it'll be fine with Greg.
Believe me, we're taking care of it just like the water.
Was there any problem with the water?
No.
Our friends are calling it no problem at all.
You let Greg worry about what's on that side of the building where we had drove.
We drew the line in the sand.
We drew the line right there.
Just like the line about that guy around that guy's body out there in 441.
We took the yellow Crayola.
We drew a line in the sand.
Okay, you guys over here.
This is your turf over here.
We'll take care of all the stuff on this end as we always have.
And I noticed when Jeff brought the food in the yesterday, people were coming in part taking which we enjoyed doing that.
We like sharing.
We like feeding the troops.
The ones who are our friends or put on an act at the air when the food comes in.
Even now it's serious.
That's okay like Mark Belmonte.
Now here's my best personal friend Mark every time I was food.
For a guy to wait 80 pounds, he reminded me of Maddie Bell of a younger,
smart, smart, or Maddie Bell, Mark Belmonte.
Nobody could figure out what he did at IOD except eat free food.
I've discovered by the way in my 14 months of two-way in that theory I'll just about as good eating free food here as they were at IOD.
In fact, maybe even better.
Because a lot of these people are so underpaid they're starving over here.
Some of the underlings.
So speaking out, let me take a call or two.
Okay, I know there aren't going to be too many again.
Mobile and Pemberpine.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I do it.
Number one.
Go down.
Go down 10,000.
10,000 and 33.
But it's kind of a lost about half of what a game they've, but it's hovering there, you know, like I make the difference in my life.
Yeah, the other thing is I think there is a God.
I saw a report on a newswire.
God's got a Louis Ferrican on the ropes.
Damn God.
I'm glad you reminded me that that's a strange thing to eat.
I'd prostate cancer and then they thought they had straightened out.
And now he's got some mysterious disease.
You know, the Lord works in mysterious ways.
He's gravely ill.
Oh, man.
All right.
The death watches on.
Maybe here's the, here's the list.
Milton Burrell, Bob Hope and old Louis Ferrican.
And one of the three is Jewish.
Okay.
Okay, I have a great day.
Yeah, I'm glad he reminded me of that.
I forgot to clip that out.
Bob is so excited about this wrestling picture.
If there's a straight person guy.
Now, I realize we had some others last week.
Was it we were talking about this?
And then they made it up.
And then of course we had that queen calling yesterday.
The only wishes he was wrestling with those guys.
You know, he was a screamer.
If there's a straight guy that ever wrestled in high school or college,
call up and convince me.
Okay.
And then you're probably saying, oh, you want to have to convince you.
We're not, we know.
Yeah, right.
Yeah.
We know too.
The whole world knows.
All you have to do is look at this picture.
So anyway, speaking of perverts,
Dr. Mark who was in here yesterday, you're a great guy, Dr. Mark.
And thanks for coming up here and taking all I've blood.
Maybe I'll have the results on the facts machine here in a couple of hours.
But he was in here with Jeff Cohen with ponytail.
And at that point, I said here kind of like truckling,
listen to the two of them.
And they have met before because I guess Mark's eaten at the pizza lot.
But they don't know each other like well to say the best.
But it goes to prove that two guys who barely even know each other can get together.
And the first thing that they start talking about is.
See, okay.
Just like the president and the Vernon Jordan.
Remember around that 60 minutes thing that we're talking about.
That's what they got there in the Gulf for them.
But they don't care about whacking those balls around.
They want some bimbo whacking their balls around.
So don't be a pussy, Duff.
I'm sorry.
Because that's what they were talking about yesterday.
Jeff Cohen and Dr. Mark.
So there are really only, there are three things that guys talk about.
Number one, far and above anything else is sex.
I mean, not even a contest.
That's what guys talk about.
Straight guys talk about it.
Like Fagge talk about it.
We all talk about sex because we're preoccupied with it unless you lie a lot.
And what's wrong with that?
Is there anything wrong with that?
No.
No, he should know.
He's 85 years old.
He's making babies.
The second thing is money or business.
You know, like at work, you talk business, but it all comes back to money.
And it ties in with number three, which is way down the list.
I hate to break the list of the people here sports.
You know, guys talk about sports.
But a lot of that has to do with money also because a lot of it has to do with gambling.
Most of it illegal.
So you've got your sex, your money, and sports, which also is kind of like an, you know, an appendage to number two in many cases.
See, that's the thing I've discovered late in life.
I found this out there a lot of, I thought that a lot of these people were sports fans and they were just gamblers.
They have no, a lawyer, no allegiance.
Their heart isn't like fluttering.
Their heart is fluttering, but not because they want the team to win or lose, but because they want to cash their bet.
Of course, we don't have any of that on this thing.
Right Ed?
I don't have any of those right, Hank.
Oh, by the way, Hank's over at Crystal Palace again, punching his brains out here beyond after Marlon's baseball.
I understand he's going to redo the interview with Will Clark today, so you can get it right.
That's the room we're on the building.
Hey, remember Will Clark, Hank?
No.
Come on.
Will Clark.
You know, giants, Texas Rangers.
Will Clark, you know, that was, that guy's always got that big grimace on his push.
It looks like he just, of somebody farted bad in his face, ranting the dumb question on an interview.
It's Friday, you were scared.
Hi, this is Courtney with another golf tip to improve your game, lesson number one, driving.
Most men think like this is the most important element in the game, but a short stroke, well placed, can be even more satisfying.
Focus on your ball.
Stand back, comfortable distance.
Knees like the event.
Grip your club.
Feel the power in your shaft.
Select your target.
Make sure you're aiming for the right hole and let it go.
Shoke through your target.
Roll your hips and follow through.
Repeat this as necessary.
And if you want to get real good, hit a bucket.
Hang this up.
Keep it going.
Straight.
You know, this is a no smoking building.
You do know that, don't you, Georgia?
You better not light up another one.
It was even though there were little tiny ones.
1032-560WQM.
So I'm getting the, it's great having a facts machine right behind me here.
I love this because now I'm getting from Dr. Mark.
Very complicated.
Good morning, Yadi Yadi.
Yadi did the other doctor follow up on your sugar, dada dee, tada dee, et cetera, and so on.
And I can, let's see, said right, a little bit high.
Not abnormal, but it says inflammation.
11.
Normal is 0 to 15.
So I mean, a little bit high.
So like I'm fighting some kind of a little something.
Well, that's nice to me.
I'm fighting a little bit of something for like three months.
There you go.
Oh!
And I'm getting the rest of Mark coming over right now.
Okay, let's take a call while I can see if I'm still alive on these blood tests.
He's off.
Here's your field.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
First time long time.
All right.
How are you?
Great.
Hey, Neil.
I want to comment on something that you have mentioned in the past.
And that's about the names that some people named their kids.
Yes.
I was looking over a test that my daughter was taken in elementary school.
You remember when we went to school, you see names like Susan.
You don't want to just store and bought four apples.
And they used common names like that.
So you know how to stand bought four cucumbers, yeah?
I'm getting names like Klanisha goes to the supermarket.
Klanisha.
Chenaya.
Chenaya?
I mean, all these really unique names.
You think it's part of a process to brainwash our culture that these people have.
And then the names are acceptable.
Yes.
And then the sports culture is the worst out of all.
I've been saying that for Reverend, of course, on this station.
Nobody will ever agree with that.
Like Kishon.
That's the one.
I mean, I realize there are a lot of other ridiculous names.
But Kishon.
Because he's a, you know, a well-known, he's a good player and he's a well-known.
And it's just on the face of it.
It's just so goddamn ridiculous.
What, what that be?
Kishon.
Seriously.
Have you ever met anybody in your life named Kishon?
Kishon?
Kishon.
What is that?
Neil.
I just...
And the sports nerds, they come on.
If their name were spelled ZXQPCR, okay, like that.
Basketball.
If their name was spelled like that, they would be pronouncing it.
They would say, oh, yeah, here's a high-mushroom.
I don't get it.
I just...
Hey, to reach its own, you know?
Hey, Neil, I just got one thing.
At least the spice is up and otherwise very boring thing.
Oh, that's sports stuff.
Right.
Now, I got one thing to say to you about the football.
Yeah.
To your listeners.
It's a gay club you moron.
Okay.
Okay.
I'm looking at my results here, Dr. Mark.
Okay.
Anything real bad on here?
My dyno, over here, what?
Uh-oh.
Hi, bad.
Woo.
Look at that.
Tragless arrives.
112.
That's pretty good.
But total cholesterol is high.
That LDL is up there.
Oh, boy, see?
There you go, right there.
Total protein is a lot.
I have no IC.
I don't have any ID when any of these things mean.
Glue coats and any rights non-fasting.
I was fasting you, Bozo.
I mean, you, Dr. Mark.
Dr. Doe, little.
156.
Not too good.
Not too good.
So I'm looking at all these results here.
And it's just getting real agitated about this.
I'm sure there's more to come on Monday.
No doubt.
Wow.
All kinds of, uh, globulin.
A little bit high.
Add serum, a protein, uh, something right around here.
Yep.
Gotta get, gotta get on the program, baby.
Gotta cut the crap.
This is the end of the road.
It's a fat cholesterol.
228.
Wow.
Not good.
So when am I getting back to the, uh, herald here?
I mean, the, uh, sun sentinel.
I don't know exactly what page this is.
Then the sports section today under the page, high schools.
And it's got wrestling column here.
That's got a picture of a white guy and a dark guy here.
Young guys, they're, uh, wrestling with it.
They're grappling with it.
And it's his all stars compete for fun.
And it goes on to talk about this one.
Did this and that one did that?
And did they didn't really care whether they want to lose?
They just wanted to wrestle with each other.
They just want to roll around on the mat and grab each other's parts.
Now, this particular picture, the, uh, dark,
complexed guy is on top.
I don't know if there's anything symbolic about that.
And the Julio guy from Portein, Lucy, is underneath.
He's on the bottom.
Now, is that pretty much the general of the way it goes?
Uh-huh.
The dark guy gets on top and the Julio gets on bottom.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
What do you, what do you got a smirk on your face for?
By the way, thanks, Dr. Mark.
But I have no idea what I'm doing.
It says, please use my name.
Um, yeah, Dr. Mark Leport, especially if you're on the adkins diet,
by the way, he's the best over there on Miami Beach in the Gateway Healthcare on, uh,
71st Street.
He is. He is good.
What other doctor would come and take your blood?
What other doctor would not really tell you how great the, uh,
and help you lose weight with the adkins, but it's also doing it himself.
You're great, Mark, but I have no idea what name this means.
But please don't, uh, Boris with any more.
That, that few minutes he was honest with it.
It was, uh, well, how would you describe it?
George said coma inducing.
He likes you, Mark, but he said it was a pondress.
But anyway, so here's this picture and the black guy who's on top has got his arm.
I mean, this is one of the most amazing pictures.
Now, maybe it's only me.
Maybe I have a.
Oversext mind.
I think that might possibly be a, that could be it.
But I mean, I see a guy that's got his arm right through the crotch of this other kid.
Now, the other kid is just grabbing him around the leg at the moment.
He's only got a hold of the leg.
So I guess if somebody comes up to you and grabs you around the leg, maybe that's not all that bad.
Huh? What would you think if like, say, say a rock.
10 minute right now, got down the floor and just grabbed you around the leg.
Would you think there was anything unusual about it?
As far as like two guys relating to each other.
But the black guy has got his arm right through the Julio's crotch.
I mean, it's in there.
He's got him around the right leg in his left arm and look at the muscle on it.
Oh, yeah, this works as a muscular or a show.
He's got his arm buried in this guy's crotch.
Now, again, it could be me.
Maybe I've had some strange experiences in my life.
Many thousands, but nevertheless, I have always believed that when a any guy puts in the back,
any part of his body on another guy's crotch, that generally there is some kind of sexual connotation involved.
You know what I'm saying?
I could be wrong.
Maybe you'll have to straighten this out for me.
What?
Oh, there's somebody on there who wants to straighten it out.
Hello?
Mobile in Western.
Hey, how you doing now?
Okay, sir.
Listen, I think your own sexual orientation is clouting the issue in terms of...
That's probably it.
You know, I mean, everyone who ever wrestled is gay?
Oh, I didn't say that.
No.
Well, you said it to gay club.
It's a gay enterprise.
Not everybody, whoever was a diver or a figure skater was gay, but those are very heavily gay enterprises.
Aren't they?
I don't know.
You don't know?
I don't know.
I don't know.
Figure skaters?
What's that?
Figure skaters.
Aren't most of them gay?
Lady golfers?
Yeah, I mean, you just have some questions from the media.
I don't know a lot of them myself.
You know, I'm personally...
We haven't seen them in the election, right?
I don't know a lot of professional golfers personally, or what pick is paid is personally, right?
Right.
Wouldn't be able to sell you.
Yeah.
But that's the impression.
I mean, when you see impression, I mean, when I see a guy that's got his arm on some other guy's crotch,
I mean, right on his genital area there and as pushing as hard as he can,
that to me generally indicates, I mean, there's some friction going on here and that, you know...
Well, again, I think maybe you're looking at those pictures and getting a little bit excited?
No, no, I'm not looking at this picture.
You're getting your sight.
No, no, no, no, sir.
Not getting a little...
Believe me, no.
I may be looking at the...
I'm not looking at the picture.
I'm not looking at the picture.
Okay, well, go get the Sun sent and I'll take a look.
Okay, and then call me back.
Good, all right.
Okay.
I mean, I see Wally's Zerby-X picture.
I'm going to send him, which I'll get to that in a second, by the way, even as a guy,
that writes about Wally's Zerby-X, and I might be redskins, even he writes about how good this guy looks
and you ought to be on the Melrose Place.
How do you like that?
But he does have a girlfriend and she's a knockout, too.
Oh, God, thank God for that.
We all feel better now.
Thank the Lord.
Friday, you were still...
See you, there night I watched a wrestling match with big, smooth men with sweaty cracks.
They were trying to grab each other's ass, wearing something more than a tiny g-strap.
Correct them.
But when they rang the bell and the match was over, I couldn't help but notice I had a big bowler.
I want a ring of red and a lyrs.
And I have a man scrotch wrapped around my mouth.
I want a bee a reddler.
Fresher.
Fresher.
It's just pushing inside and out.
So I admit you seem a little gay.
Stick my hand between another man's legs.
But when I pull my hand away, I get to sell my fingers.
You know that other than some time to train, you don't need to have much of a brain,
as long as in the shower after you work out.
You don't want to be lacing someone's balls in your mouth.
I know that white sleeves can be messy and too melty.
That's why they like to rub that K-Y on their belly.
Oh!
I want a bee a reddler.
And retaining more runs just like you.
I want a bee a reddler.
And maybe run for governor too.
As long as it attracts the crowd.
I don't mind going down.
Rubbish pieces in a sissor locked with the clumpy queer.
1046 at 560 WQM.
Maybe somebody can explain to me,
somebody who knows something about medicine,
because Dr. Markey can be calling in again.
Today is a busy guy.
Total protein, normal of 6 to 8.5, 9 is 9.
Oh!
Hi, what does that mean?
Does that mean I'm eating too much protein?
You think?
George?
Too much?
It says total protein, serum protein, 9.0,
which is high.
Top of normal end is 8.5.
That'd be bad.
God, I mean, I make it till 12, 30, 12,
whenever the hell it's going to be.
I may have to be a lot here in about 10 minutes and go smoke a Stogie in a hallway.
Yeah, so anyway, here's this article by Jack Curry of the New York Times about Miami of Ohio
and their big center-relastory, along with Gonzaga or is it Gonzaga?
That please don't tell me it's Gonzaga.
Why are people pronouncing it like that?
Like I'm coming back from the track last night and any decay.
You know, maybe he lost the tough bet or something.
Oh, they pronounce it Gonzaga.
Well, guess what? Nobody else does.
I mean, we were state.
That's bad enough.
But Gonzaga?
What did he want again?
He said it's Gonzaga.
Gonzaga.
You know, he's starting to look like Sam.
No, it's just a joke though.
It is Gonzaga.
Of course, Eddie Kaffel.
What does he know of it?
You know, what's the odds on it being pronounced like that?
Eddie, he'll tell you what he odds there.
Jack Curry writes in the New York Times about Walley's World Zerbiak's hoop dreams on the full
deforestation.
This team is a center-relastory, Zerbiak said, why not?
By the way, we've got two NCAA games tonight.
After Hank, where's that schedule?
Well, that's the Hank 4-7-30 of Crystal Palace.
7-30, Michigan State.
All right.
Oh!
And then Purdue and the Temple.
Purdue's going to Temple.
Are they going to Temple?
Oh!
Anyway, it's a center-relastory.
Zerbiak has been called the best shooter, scored-score in America.
He might also be the best field-good story on the best field-good school in the tournament.
Boy, what I could do with the words in this story, huh?
This Jack Curry better check him out.
See who he's wrestling with.
He's the best field-good story.
Anybody out there want to feel a Walley?
See if it feels good.
And then it goes on to say, now, this is written by a guy in the New York Times reprinted
in the S. Cumseh Middle.
Zerbiak is handsome enough to be the next tenant on Melrose Place.
His girlfriend, Shannon Ward, is a part-time model who could join him there.
In other words, she's really hot.
How do you like that?
So what's my imagination?
Is there something wrong with being a star athlete and also looking good?
I mean, is that so wrong?
No!
As they say, for least, he's a real man, you know?
As opposed to a lot of these guys who think that they're real men,
but unfortunately, see a lot of the wrestling coaches are...
How do I say it?
You know what I'm saying?
A lot of wrestling coaches.
That's what I've heard.
That's just what I'm here.
I'm not saying that as a fact.
I'm just saying that's the rumor over the years.
It's like interior decorators.
I don't know any interior decorators who are facts,
but that's just the rumor over the years.
And please don't tell me it doesn't make any difference,
because of course everybody in this country is obsessed with who's doing what,
and what, you know, they're obsessed with that.
But wrestling coaches, I have a feeling that there's a little...
Maybe only one or two, right?
One who are like a little off.
But I'm looking at this picture, and you're wrong, sir, believe me.
This is one of the most...
I can't imagine anybody except maybe the participants getting aroused by looking at that picture.
I mean, you got to be pretty desperate.
These are not two hot-looking guys.
I mean, these are...
Oh, at all.
I mean, one's got the wrestling mascot,
but you can see he's a little bit on the schmoots you saw.
Sorry, Nelson.
Oh, his name is Nelson, he can't be too bad.
Maybe that's why he's hairy.
Wrestling is a fag enterprise.
And you know, instead of challenging me,
you should be thanking me for telling you this.
You know, like next week, I'll tell you...
I'm not sure which day we're going to do that show.
Tell you which pocket you were the hanky end in the back.
Huh?
No, seriously, I think that guys ought to have a right to know that
so that people don't get the wrong impression,
because if you set out the wrong message,
the wrong message gets a massage.
You know what I'm saying?
It's the words spell very closely.
And a lot of guys, they want a massage,
at least not from another guy,
but this wrestling thing.
Look at that.
He's got his hand right on his privates,
right there on his old...
I mean, he's grinding away on it.
Now, if you were to go out in a hallway right now,
and let's say two of our sales guys,
let's say Roy and Zoltan are out there in a home.
I mean, Roy's the next jock,
and Zoltan's a big athletic looking guy.
They're probably in the same weight class,
wouldn't you say?
Well, Roy's a little bit on the...
Roy!
Chuck your side.
But they're two big heavy guys.
They could probably handle each other pretty well.
If they were out there in a hallway in this position...
Now, you're laughing,
but I'm holding the picture up to you.
We're just looking at the picture.
And if we had two of our salespeople out there,
or let's say if Tommy and Carlos were out there in a hall,
in this position,
which Carlos?
I'm talking about guys that have the same color here.
Keeper color coordinated.
The two guys, we only have two guys in the building with yellow hair.
I mean, if they were out there under the floor in the air,
they would call the cops.
I guarantee you.
Wouldn't you?
You'd call the police.
And this is an American thing, by the way.
This don't go on the rest of the world.
The Germans, I mean, you know,
once they pin you down, they don't let you back up.
Here's a leading mobile and four-lotterdale.
Hello.
Hello.
How you doing?
Great.
I just want to be your wrestling coach for your first match.
Yeah.
Yeah, against the captain Ova?
Yeah.
I wouldn't touch him with your hands.
You don't want to get him in the crotch hole then.
Maybe Omelette.
Omelette.
Now that's the match.
Yeah, there you go.
He's a pretty big boy.
Is he?
Yeah, I don't know if you can get him in the crotch hole
and give him a body toy.
I can do it.
I get my arm out of that.
Maybe up to my elbow.
You would, but I wouldn't.
Wouldn't you?
I don't have any K-Y.
Would you like to pin down?
Well, let's see.
Male or female.
Would you ever want to pin down some females?
Well, I could pin down some female or two.
Huh?
I like the kickbox.
You're a kickboxer?
Yeah.
Is that a dyke sport also?
That's a dyke sport definitely.
Right.
Well, I guess basically what it is is we want to see you get into the wrestling ring.
No chance.
No can do.
No chance.
Oatami said he's going to be a wrestler in the Carlos at noon in the hall.
We're going to be charging admission.
As soon as they drag that dead body away out there on the street.
They're going to go out there on 441-I've very road.
And they're going to be a grappling with it right out there in the street.
Have you seen this picture in the paper this morning?
I want you to take a look.
Okay, you're a real, uh, virile guy.
You have to be to walk around looking like that.
And, uh, take a look at that.
And, uh, see, even Tommy's laughing.
He can't believe that.
Look, look where they got.
Look where the sparsers arm is, okay?
Right on the right between his kids legs.
You know, I'm sorry.
You know, you can tell me, oh, it's because you're a fag.
You're getting a rouse.
I would believe me.
Trust me.
I swear to you, if it would arouse me, I'd be the first to tell you just to aggravate you.
Okay, like Wally's herbiac.
I would tell you, he's a good looking guy.
These are not good looking kids.
In fact, generally speaking, you notice.
Have you ever, have you ever seen good looking young guys wrestle in high school or college?
No.
And you want to know why that is?
This is one way the ugly guys get somebody else to touch him.
Right, leave it to me to come up with that.
Did we get our stuff today, by the way, from our friends?
We didn't get it.
Is that it?
No, that returned to sender from France.
Oh, damn it.
Our one listener in France and they put returned to sender on there.
Maybe they sculpted out the pipe bomb in there.
Here's a lady in Aventura.
Hi.
Yes, ma'am.
You know, the only wrestler I ever enjoyed watching was Andy Kaufman.
But of course, that was with women.
You know, he, so I guess that, you know, maybe what you're saying is true.
I wonder if they would have had, what was his name, rigs?
What was the tennis player, Bobby rigs?
Yeah.
If they would have had him wrestle, Billie Jean King, instead of like, play tennis with her?
Oh, she would have beat the hell on him.
She would have just knocked us out with her little finger, with her pinky.
Oh, he would have no content.
Right.
No more contender.
You know, about five days ago, you brought up that horrible I'mus that broken down old drunk on TV.
Right.
And I was watching him this morning and I mean, he's so boring.
What is he doing on the air?
I have no idea.
I guess it goes to sure when you're paying your dues, you've survived about a hundred years like he is.
Eventually, you get paid back for what you did years ago because he shouldn't get all that money and all that notoriety now for what he's doing now because it's very sad.
Who's this audience?
He couldn't have, could he hold an audience?
I have no idea, but here it's another one of those image things.
You know, it's the hype.
It's the hype.
He's the hottest, the most exciting, the most deli-
He's like, howard for old people, I guess.
I don't know.
But isn't he, isn't he really like a closet right-winger?
No, he's out of the closet.
He's not closet at all.
He's a real, and he used to be just the opposite because he's one of those people over the years has evolved into a bitter old, hard-bitten right-wing asshole who loves John McCain.
He never met a right-winger he didn't like.
And buddy, such an old drunk.
And now he has two drunk.
No, it looks like a broken-down old drunk.
Yeah, and he's another one, by the way, that just had a baby, which he's either always talking about the baby or his brother Fred's on the phone from the, uh, from the ranch.
And they're talking about their ranch for the kids.
Well, you know, it's a nice thing they're trying to do out there, but it's really ponderous.
I'd rather hear my blood test results for an hour than watch I'm just talking about the ranch.
I know, it's like Jerry Lewis with the telephone.
I think I'm not far ready.
Right.
And another one, you said Bill calling the other day?
Yeah.
I think he had polio.
He didn't have a, uh, he had polio.
But he had a wooden leg.
And polio on top of it?
Oh, maybe that's why he had a wooden leg.
Uh, uh, I guarantee he had a wooden leg.
Okay, because-
In fact, if you ever watch, I don't know if you have a, if, uh, I don't know if it's on the small dish,
but if you ever see the satellite dish, whether the game show network and the old shows,
you'll notice that any show he was on, they never showed him movie.
Like on the pyramid, you know how they would like when Dick Clark does the pyramid,
they, you'd see him walking with the contestants and they'd go into the circle there to do the big thing at the end.
You'd never see that part on camera because Bill calling the other would never walk on camera
because he had a wooden leg.
He used to like hobble.
Yeah, I think you're right.
But you know who's the best talk show host in those days is Gary Moore.
Mm.
Two, two holes on.
Yeah, two.
Gary Moore was another one.
He was like a pie.
He was like Dave Gareway, you know, he was popular only because he was one of the first ones to do it,
but he was pretty boring.
Come and do it with Derwood Kirby.
Well, listen, sweetheart, have a great day.
Hey, bye.
Bye.
5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on a mobile one line.
So the yellow to the rest thing match out there.
Carlos didn't look too happy about it, but.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Jason's back.
And this time he's lining up a different.
He's got, I've never been to a psychiatrist before.
What's troubling you, Jason?
Oh, it's this whole Jeffrey Dahmer thing.
I always figured if I got caught, I could play the Iowa's crazy.
But now I'm not so sure.
The man in the hockey mask is back.
Friday the 13th, Arty Teeth.
Jason covers his ass.
And here's a guy who has 15 people.
I mean, sloppy work, no technique whatsoever.
And they find him sane.
Mm-hmm.
And this one is easy.
Well, sure.
But I think you're if I can get someone to certify I'm crazy.
Now I'll be covered.
Do you think you're crazy, Jason?
Well, it happened teenagers to death isn't crazy.
I don't know what is.
I have teenagers myself.
They can be difficult to do.
Oh, okay.
How about this?
I don't know right to wrong.
What?
I just stabbed you in the hand with your pen.
Could be right.
Could be wrong.
I don't know.
What are you nuts?
That's my point.
Sign here.
What's this?
Just a note saying that I'm insane.
You know, in case I get pulled over or something.
Friday the 13th, Arty Teeth.
Jason covers his ass.
Coming this Friday, do a secret or near you.
It's 11.03 at 5.60 WQM.
We're here to 12.50 and that's it.
Another short show today.
We got Marlon's baseball.
Any interest?
No.
By the way, thanks to Joe Angel for all the plugs yesterday
during the Marlon broadcast.
I didn't hear it but I heard about it.
Thanks a lot, Joe.
And quit with the phony act.
To a unbelievable letter to the editor.
We'll get to those in a second.
In the Harold, of course.
I mean, one says chicken parts litter streets.
And the other says don't want to read about sick kids.
Oh, my God.
I think they're starting to put these.
I bet you they're making them up.
Like chicken does with those stupid letters.
They're making them up.
Which we thank them for the material, by the way.
And this week, got only those we can use it.
Here's Pompano.
Hello.
And Neil, how are you?
Okay, sir.
Good.
First timer.
All right.
I'm calling about something I haven't heard you talk about it.
In the outlook section of the Sunday's coming sentinel.
Yes.
There is a couple of articles about God pods.
God pods.
God pods.
What they be.
Oh, God.
Exactly.
According to the paper, in prisons like in the Pompi-Chinese
stockade is what they're talking about.
It is a segregated Christian-based living quarters,
where in the swallow a heavy daily dose of biblical teaching.
They swallow it?
That's what it says.
Oh, that's not a good idea.
And in there.
Oh, that's a good idea.
Yeah.
And they have to agree in it.
Not the cost or fight will be disrespectful.
And our new governor, whatever you're calling.
The Bush-master.
Last March, according to the paper, he wants to spend a million bucks to study the concept
for the state prisons.
Oh, yeah.
And then we'll go to the condos and we'll look and convert everybody into condos.
Sir, that's part of the, uh, which way, man?
Yeah, and it's, I mean, it's from Pagety, outlook section of last week's outlook.
And that's a full page in five.
Yeah, well, I did see that, but I want it right by it because as soon as I see that word, God,
and big letters in the newspaper, I like recoil, like Dracula now.
I heard that when he looks in the mirror, or the wolf pain, or the, uh, whatever.
Oh, garlic or whatever.
Exactly.
But anyway, they want to spend our money.
They want to spend our money setting up segregated.
If we segregated anything else, they would call it criminal,
but now we want to segregate the Christians for their own good and to keep us whole wholly.
Excellent.
And maybe if they threw a few lines in there, it might help out too.
Excellent.
Good thing if you have a new Booch.
5667-0560.
Tom, fine.
And now, you notice we haven't had a couple of ladies talk about this, including one dyke.
We've had no guys talking about the wrestling thing.
And I don't know what we talked about.
We touched on it lightly last week.
But after seeing this picture today, I mean, you know, if you, if you remain silent,
you're obviously out by your silence.
So if people know that you're on your high school or college wrestling team, we know.
That's all it needs to be said.
We know.
Here's a guy that doesn't know why the way his name is Dave Hyde.
You know, Dave, you just continue to astonish and astonish.
I will give you credit for one thing, no, boy.
Here's a guy that takes up this enormous number of words with his column in the scum.
I mean, you know, you got to fill up a column, write something, words.
Henry's no diplomat about Cuba trip, about John Henry.
And about this whole, see, let me just ease your mind a little bit.
Those people who really believe there's a big song of dance about the world's playing in Cuba.
The game two days ago, they had a couple hundred crazy Cubans outside for Lauderdale Stadium.
Yesterday, the papers said they had about 100.
Now, if Castro farts, and it's the wrong flavor, right away, it's a communist plus.
You can get 500 people together out in, you know, Domino Park or somewhere in Little Havana screaming yelling about that.
Come on, he's the communist, you know, about he cut the communist cheese, something like that.
So the fact that there were 100 or 200 people out there, this is much into about nothing.
It is not an issue of any, any significance whatsoever. It's a ball game.
It's not the Pope going to Cuba to suck around with the bearded one.
It's a stupid ball game.
But Dave Hine here writes a whole column here about how well he thinks one thing, and John Henry thinks something else.
And he ought to be more, they ought to be more sensitive because it is South Laugh.
I don't care where we are, okay Dave?
It's still not a big deal.
It's not any deal, it's not even a small deal.
And the idea that we're supposed to be very concerned about this because we have a hysterical bunch of banana boat people in our midst who refuse to grow up and come into the 20th century and get with the American F and way.
Okay, well that's their problem, okay? I'm not going to make it mine.
What a waste of space. Nice job there Dave.
You said absolutely nothing. Read your column back to yourself Dave because I know you're listening to the show religiously every day.
Read it back to yourself. Did you say anything?
No.
Nothing. Zero.
Here's a mobile in Port St. Lucie. Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Wait, zero.
Yes.
Yeah, I talked about a waste of space. Port St. Lucie is one for sure.
In fact, one of the wrestlers in his picture on here is this young guy is from Port St. Lucie.
Really?
Yes.
Listen, I've never called before but I've got an all-time classic name for you.
Hey, who are you from Port St. Lucie? Yes?
No, no, no. The young guy, the wrestling kid, not you.
Oh, oh. I was in the mall about four years ago.
There was a little black boy walking around the aisle about four years old.
His mama called out Cheetah.
Where you at?
Yeah.
Cheetah.
Cheetah?
Yeah, like Cheetah.
Remember the old part of the day in movies?
Cheetah?
What's the chimpanzee's name?
Uh-huh, okay.
Stay in Port St. Lucie, pal.
Too much monkey around up there with your cousin.
5670560 and pound 560.
I think he was full of Cheetah, myself.
And pound 560 on the AT&T Whiteless Line.
We heard from any wrestlers yet?
No.
Joe Costello agrees, by the way.
You ordered the wrestling team in school, were you?
Oh, no way.
Cause you're not getting me down on the floor there with Tommy and Carlos.
Well, don't, I don't think that would be interesting.
We could have them like at one end of the hold on here.
Then Roy and Zoltan, I think would be excellent.
That'd be a good match, huh?
Zoltan's a lot taller.
I mean, Zoltan's a big muscular guy, but Roy's got the poundage.
Joe is a big guy.
Bro, big guy.
I think he might wind up on top.
We could charge admission for that.
It's something exciting going on this place.
It's pretty a born here this past week.
You guys are right.
It's pretty boring.
We need to spice it up a little bit.
And by the way, you're right, though, we shouldn't be smoking cigars or cigarettes in these studios.
So we will be biting the lighten up some weed later in the week.
There's nothing that said we can't do that.
No.
Oh, it just says no smoking cigars or cigarettes.
Yeah, right.
But a good split, mine.
What's wrong with that?
I mean, every day I bring in my newspaper.
So if I have a rolled up kind of funny, what'd be the problem with that?
That was embarrassing when he came in here about that.
You know, lighten up a little.
If I'm buying you a desk and he comes in here about the fact I got a little time to garsher.
I don't even have a good cigar for next lit up.
I wouldn't do that because that would like penetrate all the walls in here.
And it gets iconic.
But Duff is really...
Nowadays getting the best for you.
Now there was a bad thing.
I didn't know he's starting to play the act.
Now he's going to be the PD.
Anybody buying it?
To slide away, you bastard.
I'm not going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going
to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one
who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's he will not to
It's a lot of 16 at 5.60 W to Q.I.M.
These are blood test results by the way are devastating, which is good.
I'm glad because when I come back in there like real vanilla, real normal and boring,
and then you get a false sense of competence.
When they're a little bit on the alarming side like this, you say,
oh, yeah, better cut the crap, man.
And no more sauce on eyeballs, Nizi God, damn it.
So, Doca Stuller was just telling me that I don't want to mention which school he said,
I school, it's commonly known that 90% of the kids on the high school wrestling team,
they're all thanks.
See, it's the unsuspecting other ones.
I mean, fine, you like, you know, that's great that everybody's bonding together, that's good.
Huh?
How are they unsuspecting?
They don't know they're going to be on the matter.
There's a four-letter word I think you're missing.
Dumb.
Dumb.
When they hear the grunting and groaning,
and when they feel that pelvic thrust close up to their rectum,
they don't get it, they don't understand it.
Now, see, one thing I was thinking about looking at this picture,
I mean, when two guys are done on a floor like that, grappling around on the mat,
now, of course, it can happen during sex too, and obviously it does happen,
but usually insects the expected benefits outweigh the risk, you know.
It does happen during people's sexual encounters,
and of course, it's embarrassing and not particularly enjoyable unless you're into that,
but nevertheless, what happened?
But you can imagine two big, porky guys rolling around on the mat,
like Fat Boy and Josh Friedman, that would be good.
Let's set that one up for like Monday at noon.
Jeff High and Josh Friedman, out there in the hallway.
Wow, I guarantee we get a crowd of about 20,000 in here,
watch that, pay admission.
Sulu wrestling.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Pretty grim again here today, very slow.
They got nothing going on all week long.
Thank God I heard Rick and Shudds for two minutes this morning,
carrying on about the same amount of horrendous week this has been.
We must be missing something good out there, you know.
There must be something spectacular.
Oh, it must be the Lipton, and Amesbia.
The Lipton.
Here is a homestead. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, this is the X wrestler on the phone.
It's what?
The X wrestler.
Has the wrestler?
Oh, the X wrestler, yeah.
Well, I am one.
I'm an X wrestler.
And I heard your comments coming and I said,
what in the column, give a comment on this wrestling situation?
Yes.
I was in a short of an 8-year-old.
Are you gay?
Oh, no way.
No, I mean, you don't have to say it that way.
Oh, no, yes, it's simple.
Yes, and no would suffice.
Well, no, I'm not.
Because when your protest rate is like hysterically like that,
people start, oh, yeah, you know, they start doubting.
Oh, no, I'm married and have read all that.
Well, that proves it to me.
Well, I'll cut you that away.
My comment is that if a garden be homophobic, I guess I do use
from wrestling, yeah.
And why wrestler?
Does it make sense?
Maybe the fact that, you know, that Greek-oroman wrestling,
the Greeks and the Romans were the ones who invented this.
Maybe that has something to do with.
Maybe, maybe.
But my thing with, I was very homophobic.
I was in the war and by the guy I was touching me.
Then why did you get into it?
Because of my physical side, I couldn't really pay football
and my basketball height wasn't good.
So I was a lightweight wrestler.
I was like 134.
You were on lightweight?
Yeah, lightweight wrestler.
Yeah.
And the uncategories, you know, the different weight categories
and so on.
Right.
And my thing was, I was a lightweight wrestler.
I mean, I liked it.
I enjoyed it.
But the guy gets on you because there's a different,
there's a down position and a standing position.
And I definitely felt uncomfortable with other guys for...
On top of you.
Yeah, basically, yeah.
And they have to put their hands over your,
come in your stomach area and I'm like, oh man.
Now how about when they put their hand in your, between your legs?
Well, I try to avoid that as much as possible.
But they, but I mean, I got the picture.
I got the evidence right here.
I got a picture over right now, honey.
And some guys, they would, I mean, be sticking high from the wrist.
So, you're not supposed to put your arm between the other guys' legs.
How do you get, how do you pin them?
If you don't get your arm between his legs and spin them around.
And throw his ass down on the ground.
But there are certain moves in with the guy...
You can't pick them up by the ankles, you know?
You can't actually.
You can.
I mean, but there are certain moves in which you are in the cross area.
But...
Yeah, I'm sure...
I'm sure there are.
I've heard of a few of those.
Yeah.
Now, but I mean, there are legitimate...
I guess rules accepted move in which you're in the vicinity of the cross area.
And the vicinity of the cross area, like between the pelvic, between the naval and the knee, right?
Yeah, yeah.
Between the naval and the ankle.
Let's open it up a little bit.
Yeah, but some guys do take it over and do some chelay, hit punch grab, or whatever, on the private areas.
I mean, but I do understand your sense of the homophobic tennis.
So in other words, when you were wrestling, you never had like a guy on top of you
that you could...
You felt that he was getting a little bit too much enjoyment out of it.
Oh, yeah.
Or you felt a certain kind of a...
A certain stiffness in the loin area of your opponent.
Definitely.
Oh, definitely you did?
I...
And it didn't bother you that you continued doing that, even though you knew that the other guy was getting off on doing it.
Well, that made me want to try and match as soon as possible.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So in other words, it was a great motivator.
You want to pin that bag of tank, that's it.
Yeah, just be...
Just be from the left.
Okay.
Okay, thanks a lot for calling.
Oh, thank you.
Have a great day.
Look at the light weighty set.
Do we believe that?
Yes.
5.670560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Check-in parts litter streets as Randall Whiten-Pombs brings North.
He says that this is in the hero's letters to the editors, these horrendous letters.
I've lived in Palm Springs, North since 1969, and in South Florida since 1946, it used to be paradise.
Well, guess what, Randall, they need more.
We know that.
Got a dead body out here.
Lately, I've seen a disgusting trend, chicken parts, including feathers, along with a variety of other things,
placed in a plastic bag and tossed in the street, says Randall.
Chicken parts, chicken feathers, chicken...
Stuff.
First, it's unsanitary, he says.
Smells and breeds disease.
Second, we don't deposit animal parts in the streets or canals.
We bury them.
We don't have to feed the buzzards.
Nature takes care of that.
Good point, Randall.
Excellent point.
Stop throwing your chicken stuff out in the street, goddamnit.
You tend to rule people.
You barbarians.
And here's another letter that really am just amazed at this one.
Elaine Silver told Polsky in Balaharber writes,
don't want to read about sick kids as they're heading.
Read the March 14 Special Report article about children with cancer.
Why do this?
Sunday is a family and relaxation day.
So many of us are grandparents, spending the day with our children and grandchildren.
We know how sad and unfair the world is.
How bad things happen to good people.
Do we really need this on a Sunday?
Maybe Thursday would be better, you know?
My heart goes out to these sick children and their families to all such children.
But this article is just not necessary.
Well, Elaine, I know this comes as a tremendous shock, okay?
It's like people who listen to this program and are disturbed by what they're hearing.
And instead of just finding something else to do,
they want us to change to accommodate them because they're just,
they just don't know what whether to scream or eat your banana.
Elaine, if there was an article that you found disturbing in the Sunday edition of the year,
why did you read it?
Do we really need this on a Sunday, she asks?
Is it some other day of the week that's not like the Lord's day?
No.
Huh?
Like Tuesday would be good.
Tuesday is a good kind of like a marginal day.
So we really need to be reading about sick kids on Sunday, God damn it.
Good point, Elaine.
So I expect the thing on TV, you know, where they keep showing us the crippled children.
When the middle of dinner out there, they either show you grotesque body parts,
horrible shootings and stuff like that, awful massacres, accidents, crippled children,
or they show you like animals eating animals or stuff like that, you know,
or diseased animals right there like between 530 and 7th,
always a good time.
The news when they like to do that, do we really need this between 530 and 7th?
No.
Please have a little more consideration for those of us who don't want to read about kids with cancer on Sunday.
Elaine only wants to read about it like maybe maybe once a month will be okay.
Don't spoil her Lord's day.
Here's a mobile and store it.
Hello?
All her names sounded Jewish.
Here's a mobile and store it.
Yes, you know, I do.
I'm a teacher.
I'm a straight former high school wrestler.
I thought you got out, man.
Before we were too late.
Yeah, I definitely got out.
When we did it in high school, mainly the girls loved us.
We got most of the girls when we were in a wrestling.
Yeah.
I mean, definitely, definitely think there were quite a guys that were questionable.
There's no doubt about that.
Uh-huh.
I don't believe it.
Yeah.
You know, but you know,
I don't know.
But let me ask you this seriously because there's such a tremendous degree of homophobia
to be in this country in the first place.
But I mean, why if you thought that there were a whole bunch of guys that were questionable,
why would you want to get down on the mat and grapple with them?
Well, I mean, are you just easy?
Is that it?
You just, you know, if somebody wants to feed you, what'd be this to have no problem with that?
I mean, you know, you're doing it for the sport of it.
I mean, you're out there, a man on man wrestling.
But I know I'm on.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, you know, it's not a, it's a homophobic thing.
You know, someone wants to do it.
Yeah, sure.
I would do it for the guy.
Right.
You know, that's their lifestyle.
I mean, probably they would.
So they were having a good time rubbing up against your body.
And that was okay.
You know, you know, you just sweat there.
It was a sports glory.
A lot of sweat.
Well, you got to, you know, you got to weigh it.
You know, you just, you just hopefully, you know, hopefully the guy your wrestling is not that way, you know.
You just, you know, you can get, even if he is, I mean, he is.
You're, you're out there trying to feed him.
That's what it's all about.
You know, you just hope for the best.
Just hope for the best.
Good attitude, pal.
You got to look.
Have a great day.
I like that attitude.
Just give it a fling and you hope for the best.
Squirt, squirt.
But I always say.
And then they run.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pound 5, 60 on the AT&T.
I mean, are we buying any of this?
No.
Of course not.
Please do yourself a favor.
Even if you hate to sunset in the light poison.
Even if you live in Dave County, go up to the county line and pick up a copy and open up this sports section today.
High schools.
All stars compete for fun.
And I'm sure that the two guys are very rural and masculine.
They look, butch.
Some convince that they are.
But I just, I'm just wondering if they realize they're in an enterprise that is almost universally viewed by.
By anyone who really stops and thinks about it as an extremely fey enterprise.
Almost had sport.
That was may not be getting enough.
That's all for a deal today.
The parlor and that we played.
I'm sure Neil doesn't mind going home.
Now two or three sport goals.
And here it seems that flows.
And the rest of us with five turn off the radio.
The parlor and Dave fall.
It's boring and it keeps me from parlor and Dave fall.
And such a goddamn city.
The time for those who don't like to think.
And get excited from recorking the thing.
The parlor and Dave fall.
Now what gives a fuck?
Or get the entertainment.
The barlet wants their payments.
Contracture worth the green that must be best.
Despite the trading gifts.
They have two days of business.
And hopefully they'll find an audience with brains are dead.
The parlor and Dave fall.
It's time to make a sandwich.
Parlor and Dave fall.
I'd rather hear Jim Bennett exciting as the sound of trying to make.
Designed for those with trouble.
Any delay.
Parlor and Dave fall.
More likely that those folks want spot open in the road.
They get your fun and add in this car.
Dave fall.
Oh, no one gives a fuck.
That's your fun.
A little truck's off the third baseline.
A very good one.
Big stuff.
I'm 30.
You know, we got the Marlins in the St. Louis Cardinals.
Any interest in that?
No.
Anybody going to be listening?
No.
Anybody want to find out the score?
No.
Anybody know?
So anyway, what I tell you about this school bus driver yesterday.
Should have been on the front page and all of a sudden it was.
They were all over.
They were on this like stink on Wayne.
On the evening news last night on local channels.
What did I tell you?
I told you.
Say it's our Gonzalez Rubio.
Drive into school because, well, first of all,
it's one of those private school bus deals which I don't understand what that's all about.
Why do they do that?
How do they maintain control over that whole operation?
It's cheap.
Exactly.
It's only your kids they don't give a crap.
So why should you be worried about stuff like that like some, you know, guys already been convicted.
Want a lollipot's little boy?
Yeah.
And girls, boys and girls.
At least he spread it around.
A candy man.
He had been charged in June just last June with Ludan, the civil sacks on 11 year old.
They negotiated guilty plea to civil battery.
A misdemeanor that isn't a sex charge.
So as a result of that, then it made it kosher was okay from the driver school bus with all those little kids on it.
And then they had some guy on there who's a little girl goes to that school.
They had him on the news this morning and he'd be saying, oh, I don't believe it.
He's such a good man.
He's a good I just don't believe it.
And this was on the heels of 13 of the kids coming forward last night saying, oh, yeah, he had done it to me too.
The candy man.
What about that yesterday, but you folks out there, you know, of course most of your folks aren't going to those schools anyway.
So are we really are you worried about it?
No.
Okay.
Here's a Carol city.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Actually, I have a couple of things.
One is about the director, Kazan.
What about what?
The director, you lie.
Kazan.
You lie, Kazan?
Kazan.
Well, Kazan, Kazan.
You know, watch this.
You know, some say, Ilia.
Ilia.
You lie, Kazan.
But I was wondering what was the big deal on him getting a lifetime achievement off here?
What is the big deal?
Well, is that a rhetorical question?
He must have read the articles about it.
The fact that this is one of the guys who were turned on all his friends.
Well, he only named Nate.
Where are these other people, Blackball during the McCarthy?
Which hunt?
They got Blackball by the studios.
He's protesting about the studios.
Anybody needs to be there?
Blackball because he was one of the people that named names.
He named names there.
He knew.
So he had the names he knew.
So what, what do they mean is that, mate?
He just reinforced them.
He helped to deprive talented people of their jobs.
As far as I'm concerned, they are given the Big Finger Award.
I understand.
They are to stick their finger in his rectum.
They say that's for you, Ilia.
Or rely on how we were pronouncing it this week.
I have no idea.
By the way, one of the people that's supporting him is his Charlton Heston, by the way.
Well, the saddest one I have.
Yeah.
He's psychotic.
But anyway, the one I'm really concerned about is this thing about we need more nuclear weapons to guard ourselves against China.
Are they really making us believe that China is going to do something to us?
No.
No.
I mean, it's unbelievable how they're now that the Russians and the Soviet Union is disbanding.
Yeah.
How we need another enemy.
Exactly.
How do you keep government going unless you've got a good enemy?
I mean, I don't understand.
How can we keep Metro dead government going if we're going to attack the Red River?
We don't need any more nuclear weapons.
Right.
What is this crap?
I mean, why hasn't this been all our money?
The surplus.
Oh, we need now any more weapons because now Chinese.
Maybe Ilia Kuzan will, you know, close you up to the Chinese and then he can straighten it a lot.
We don't have to build those weapons.
By the way, the Dow is just hovering.
I mean, maybe it'll stay.
Maybe it won't.
Don't look too promising.
I'll let you for you this morning.
It's 10,013.
And a half points.
Not that it makes any difference at all.
Just a number.
I realize it's psychological, but obviously the psychological impact that's having us at the moment is no let one way or the other, you know.
It's something for them to scream about up there.
Something to get all excited and jump up and down like Rumpel still is going to throw the confetti.
And now this is the third.
It did it just before the end yesterday.
And then in the closing five minutes there after the bell rings and they get the closing trade.
Then it came down like two and a half points under.
Does it really make any difference?
No.
No.
But it's something for them to talk about.
Here's North Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how's it going?
Okay, sir.
Yeah, I'm a former high school wrestler there.
Oh my god.
Oh, now I'm more good.
You guys got out, man.
Oh, well, no.
It's always been straight.
Yeah.
Yeah, no, but um.
Yeah, but you never know.
You hang around in there too long and they grab you just by the right part.
Well, actually, it happened to me once.
That's about really good.
I'm like that.
Really?
Yeah, yeah.
But what did he do?
He grabbed my nut.
He grabbed your nuts.
Yeah, but no.
And did you tell me my chocolate salty balls alone?
No, I proceed to kick his ass.
All right.
There you go.
But um.
You know, and never done about me, but this is interesting because this is always a good excuse.
Some little faggy guy that's trying to grab your nuts like that.
I mean, you can legitimately kick his ass and nobody's going to start screaming.
Oh, gee.
You know, it's a hate crime or something.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
There you go.
But um.
No, I mean, as far as the billboard.
What do you want to kick your ass?
Nobody's saying, oh my gosh.
You know, we're like a racial thing.
Well, you know, hey, it happens.
Right.
But um, it's far as the bill of it.
I mean, like we said, it's a monolimono.
And when you're out there, you know, it's like, no one got his ass as a thing like next to you.
You know, you're not thinking, oh my god.
What do you mean next to you?
He has this thing on you, man.
Well, right up against you.
He's rubbing it.
Yeah, well, you're not thinking, oh my god.
You know, he's this guy has this thing on me.
You know, it's like, let me get up and no, and no, try to get away from this.
You can't feel it.
You can't feel it.
You can't feel it.
You can't feel it.
You can, you can, but you're not thinking about it because, you know, you have, you're, you're suppressing it, right?
Yeah, no, no, you're not thinking about it.
It's a question.
You're trying to get away from, you know, you're trying to get up and get this thing, get this match over there.
You're thinking it must be you need, right?
It's not like a finger, right?
Must be his knee.
Well, no, I'm not, like I said, you're not thinking about it.
You know, there's so many other things on your mind, you know, trying to, you know, get away from it.
Right.
You know, but, yeah, I mean, we,
It's like when a woman encounters a rapist, you know, and she kind of lies down and spreads her legs and she's like, hey, how you doing?
And then all the while that he's raping her, she's thinking, okay, now, how do I get away from him?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
I think that's a good thing.
Now listen, when you guys are rolling around down there in the match, I mean, you know, with all the grunting and groaning,
there must be, what's it a wad, you know, right?
Never to me, I never had that happen in your face.
Oh, thank God.
No, no, no, no, never to me.
Although, uh,
Now, if you were forced to choose between the two, if you're forced to choose between a guy,
briefly grabbing your nuts, you know, as long as he let me, or, in your face, which would you choose?
Uh, the second.
Okay, there's another one.
Okay, I have a great day, pal.
Okay, we believe him.
Do you believe him?
No.
He's a good guy.
He's just friendly.
That's all, that's what we're finding out.
It's a friendly enterprise.
This is the fascinating is what it is.
I mean, he didn't admit that the other guy is rubbing his, uh,
fucking sim.
Did he just say that?
Now, what would you call that?
Are you Aaron?
Shit like this.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
Check it out.
Why do you guys, we go blind, and all the tutors go blind.
Why do you guys, we go blind, and everybody's gonna die.
People will panic, we're burning the pilots, I bet that in a magazine.
Is that something that's going through?
You believe in the end of the world, and see the market, crashing up and falling on the long line.
It's 145-560-WQM Police.
Gunplay led to honor students death.
You know, you read these stories, and you wonder just how stupid, how many stupid people,
of course I do the show every day, so I know the answer, a tremendous number.
But how many dumb people can they be on the loose out there?
A Miami High School honor student was shot in the neck and killed Thursday by a friend in a little Havana apartment.
Elizabeth Caceres, 14, and a girlfriend were visiting 17-year-old Yancey Cardoso at his parents' apartment.
When Cardoso began chewing off a gun, put a bullet in the chamber, pointed at Caceres, and squeezed the trigger.
Now here comes the best part of this story.
He said he didn't expect the gun to go off.
Police spokesman Lieutenant Bill Schwartz said.
When you put bullets in a gun, you pointed at somebody and squeezed the trigger.
What do you expect is going to happen?
Huh? Well, what do you think is going to happen?
Well, they might do that. Yeah.
I mean, he said he didn't expect the gun to go off.
The girls told them to put away. They didn't like it.
And the gun, too, Schwartz said.
But he put the bullet in, pointed at Liz, pulled the trigger and killed her.
He didn't expect it to go off.
Remember that old song? I didn't know the gun was loaded. Remember that?
Right, put the bullet in there.
Sex video of Top Russian prosecutor, Eric, either the Russians are not only catching up to what they're passing us.
Those Stone Age-old fossils. They got a better sense of humor than we got.
At least they're politicians anyway. They got a dead man for, you know, leading the country for president.
And Russia's latest scandal of brief video apparently showing prosecutor General Yuri Skuratov having sex with two prostitutes aired on state television Thursday.
In other words, they're not just talking about it on television.
They're not just interviewing the people that show in the video.
They were showing him having sex with two prostitutes on TV.
Ah!
The broadcast was presumably aimed at forcing the prosecutor to bend to Yeltsin's order and leave office, but support for Skuratov seems to be growing.
Oh!
Poor Boris, baby. He can't win for losing. There's a dead man in the suit, just like I'm.
It's a dead man in a suit.
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Yeah, Neil? Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'm an expo-fessional wrestler. I got a, you know, I wrestled on the name of the grappler years ago when I was going to soy with an ounce of it.
You were grappling with it, yeah.
But I got to tell you, in order to get like a main event in that end, you had to convert over.
And that's how the WWF got started, because some of the guys wouldn't do it, and then they started their own federation there.
Yeah.
But it wasn't so bad because it's steroid use.
You had to convert to Judaism?
Well, it wasn't so bad because of the steroid use.
You know, these guys weren't that big. I mean, they weren't, you know, nothing to be afraid of.
But the minority is our the straight guy, so it's in-fest could believe me.
But why do they- that's what I'm trying to ask. That's my question.
Well, the promoter actually instituted on it was if you want to get a main event and wrestle for the big money, it's an evident we have to, you know, you have to sleep around, and snoop around.
Really?
And any wrestler will tell you, oh, sure.
Otherwise, you just get like the preliminary boxing, it only makes, you know, a few hundred bucks.
Right.
You compare that to like the main event, you can make like, I'll put the 5,000 a night.
And then before you know, you're the, you know, Senator or the governor of Minnesota.
Right. So anybody that that denies that, you know, they're just derlying.
They're full of it.
Okay. That's a lot of professional part.
See you on the mat.
Okay. There you go. There's the MSR. We got to say, profession.
Look it up in the book. He knows what it's all about.
I'm trying to, I'm trying to give some helpful advice. Okay.
A lot of you very naive young people who get sucked in so to speak to these enterprises.
Just a word of caution. Okay. I mean, if you want to go ahead, you're having a good time and you're enjoying it.
Maybe there's a message in there somewhere. You never know.
Maybe you're learning something about yourself.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
We got like an hour to go and then it's Marlon's baseball.
Maybe Marlon's in the San Luis Cardinals.
Any interest at all?
No.
Do we have a person, a living and breathing other than that red neck that called in yesterday that all red neck.
Anybody out there care?
No.
No. So we do love the Marlon's. Don't we?
Do we love him?
Here's coconut cream. Hello.
Hi. How you doing?
Good.
Listen, I'm going to film a wrestler.
I wrestled from seventh grade to twelfth grade.
Hi.
I never ever gone down.
Never crossed your mind.
No, it never did.
I'm from a decent sized town in Long Island.
And we, it's just never crossed our mind.
Like the one guy that called before said, you know, a lot of girls were paying attention.
It's true. We were wearing tights so, so, you know, getting tights is the religion.
You could tell our religion, right?
Right. So I don't, you know, it never crossed our mind.
There was a lot of moves and holds that were, you know, between the legs and stuff like that.
It never crossed our mind.
We never paid much attention to it, maybe.
Yeah. Or maybe we're just young and naive. Maybe that's it.
It's a good possibility.
Or maybe just impotent might have been it.
It just, it wasn't a big thing back then that, you know, it could, you know, even think about something like that.
Right.
It was, you know, it wasn't hard though.
Well, it's a good thing I'm talking about this, then it's a real good, there's something, just something for people to think about before they get, you know, involved.
It's a prize.
Yeah, I'm strictly home, heterosexual, usually.
What was it again?
I'm strictly out of the table.
Oh, you believe you.
You believe you.
Um, looking, congratulations on your coming out and have a great day.
Now he's, he's a, yeah, he's straight.
He is. The straight guy.
What's, what's the matter with you?
Don't believe him George.
Oh, yes, he is. He straight as an arrow.
Remember that record by leapy Lee?
Broken arrows.
Wasn't that it?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pond. So that's good. See, first you blurred it out.
Oh, geez, I said it well.
Too late now, you know.
That's a good way to do it.
Is it?
Oh, it was just a slip at the tongue, but as long as I said it well, yeah, I'm, I'm a fact.
Man, I know that guy wasn't.
He was a street of the country.
You could tell he's from Long Island.
There's no fags on Long Island.
Are there?
No.
Damn, right there aren't.
Well, maybe fire Island.
Are there any fags on fire Island?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
See, give, give me a good macho guy like Wally Zerbiac there from Vimy Redskins,
four skin.
There's a guy who's got a hot girlfriend like Ray Whitney, okay?
He's a good looking guy.
He's our leading score.
He scores a lot.
Squared, squirt.
And he looks pretty good.
Everybody loves him.
Got a hot looking girlfriend there, Bridget.
I mean, Bridget.
So we don't have to worry.
We don't have to be insecure about these things.
I'm trying to like make you more comfortable with life is really all about, you know.
And guys lay on a topic there pressing his private.
And this guy just talked about how skin tight the tight the tights were.
Kind of like Leotard, you know what they say about guys that wear Leotard.
Like Valley, like Ron Reagan, Jr.
Oh man, ballet dancers.
By the way, do you ever read that story about Bobby Kennedy?
And what was the great ballet dancer that croaked?
British to call?
No.
Oh, Nureia, was that his name?
Whatever's name, well, some Russian.
Huh?
No, he wasn't good enough, not for Bobby.
Maryland was good enough enough.
But evidently, Bobby Kennedy kind of like dribbled on both sides of the, well, I didn't know those guys.
Like they're horny.
I keep trying to tell you that now if anybody said to you that Bobby Kennedy would have
her did over the guy, you to just you to fall right down.
Chris, you don't even remember Bobby Kennedy punk.
So I'm talking to guys like 10 years old here about Robert Kennedy.
Let's see, 1968, 31 years ago that he was shot.
31 years ago.
So I mean, what were you in embryo?
Yeah, it was like three.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Mobile in Hollywood.
There's no fact that wrestling.
Yeah.
Neil, got just a little commissioning and stay correct here.
Hey, that's a big night, baby.
Oh, listen, the basketball thing is great now.
But if you've seen the hockey team lately, have you seen it touting it out on a satellite at all?
I saw one game couple of weeks ago.
They kicked somebody's ass.
I forget who they were playing some marginal team.
They're looking great, man.
Hey, and spirit of the tournament and the hockey tournament.
I got a shameless request for an American state fight song.
I wish I had it.
Can I thank it for you?
Go ahead.
Start over again.
Start over again.
Start over.
Yeah.
No, keep going.
The banks of the Red Theater.
There's a school that's known to all.
Its specialty is winning.
And the Spartans play good ball.
Spartans teams are never beaten.
I'll play a little bit more.
To the game, they fight.
To the only college, street and white, ride.
Go right through four AMFU.
We're going to win this game.
Yes.
Fight.
Victory for AMFU.
Lovely.
You left out the part about the Red Theater...
Rubber bottom on the Red Theater River.
Yeah, we saw what we got.
You're singing about the better the Red Sea River was made of rubber. I wonder why?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line
Pretty one good thing. There's no fags in Michigan state. We were all macho as they come man
You don't let no limperasted fags in Michigan state
macho men
Here's a mobile and deer field. Hello
No, yes sir. It's very sad about that girl. You got shot by that kid. He didn't know that it was gonna go off when he pulled a trigger
What do you think was gonna happen?
Right did you see the picture of this kid?
No
shaved head
Spite tear and he was only permission of a felony. Oh my god. Yeah, but other than that
All I gotta say and he's walking around he's walking around with the gun right right
But the parents in general of our country we need to take care of our kids
This is good to be out of control. Yeah
Well, well, well basically what we have in this country are dumb people making more dumb people and that's
Very silly. Okay, I'm gonna rate they found yeah
There was a thing in a paper day about should you have to have a license to have children? Yes
I have to have license to drive a car, but anybody can make babies in day. No pretend to be a parent
I do underline that pretend part
Just watch your e-springer for five minutes if you can stand it just stop and think of those people reproducing and they are
The magic was other men is where I see
Walk and I like his hair
Watch his teens when he stood
I just love
You
But
Live
I'm going to be on it.
Magic, bird.
Magic, bird.
Magic, bird.
Come on one is five sixty.
I mean, you can't, but this is the big hour coming up here in about forty nine minutes.
It's the big countdown.
This is just a warm up from Arlon's baseball.
We know that.
That's what Joe Angel was saying yesterday.
And Dave O'Brien, Booshammy.
We're just warming it up for the big time.
From Rachel Lake Baseball, baby.
Any interest out there?
No.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Going once.
Going twice.
Hey, he's coming.
He'll come.
Yes, sir.
Speak to me, sir.
Hey, man, they got degrees, man.
What's he talking about that, Neil?
Yeah.
They got degrees, man.
What are you talking about?
That's all news.
You know, news is on there begging for his job.
Something you'd never expect.
You want?
He's on the TV begging for his job.
I want to make it around now.
Tell everybody about a great guy here.
He's here.
Hey, man, we got a plastic surgeon down here in the inner city.
He said, he'll cut your face for you.
off of it. I got four for 25. All right, we write down. Okay, cut your
push. You'll cut your push for 25 cents. 5 6 7 0 5 60 and 5 5 60 on a mobile
online. I thought this was the guy we had on here on the road this morning.
441. This guy just called. He got better. Came back. Jesus. It's a miracle.
Let's hear it. Sprite is not Friday the 13th, but it's Friday the 19th.
It's a major miracle. You made it come back. Wait till they put your brain back in.
You'll be okay. Here's a mobile in North Miami. Hello. Uncle Neil. Yes, sir.
I hate to break your heart. The Wally Zorby. I admitted that he loves
WWF wrestling or WCW. Oh, okay. I'll tell you when there's a guy that looks
that pretty as Wally. I mean, that girlfriend. She might just be the beard, you know.
Yeah, he did a little interview on ESPN and he admitted to it that he was a great
big fan of theirs. I said, oh, that's gonna break Neil's heart. Oh my God. No, it
actually gives me. We can use that for a little bleep and that one. That was excellent.
Great. That's sure. I think you might make a promo someday.
As in real soon.
Good old Wally. He likes the WWF. Maybe the same likes the FF. Maybe that's what he's talking about.
That means French fries, of course. Cuban exiles. Join the urge. Join to word. Yeah.
Here we go. Facts in me. All this stuff. Don't care. Don't care. Nobody cares.
Somebody better tell Dave Hyde in the sunset. Nobody cares. 100 people. 200 people.
There's nothing else going on right now. You know, we know how boring it is in this
town these days. It's a bad week. So something for them to flap their guns about.
Oh, Fidel. Fidel coming instead of the Orioles. Go to hell. Yeah. There you go. Keep them
out of Domino Park. 5.6705.60.560 on a mobile one line. They already heard a professional
wrestler call in before telling us what everybody in their brother knows. That's why Jesse Ventura
got out of it. Because we know there's no fags in politics. You want to get out of wrestling
into something a lot more macho. That was more respectable than the WWF. And of course,
you do know about Jesse Ventura, don't you? Yeah. The life, you know. Here's a mobile
in Hallendale. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Joe Kiddens first time called long time
missed there. All right. I want to get out of town. I want to go to Brussels. You spoke
about a month ago about an airline that at least shared that is dynamite. Going to Brussels.
Oh, yeah. City. City bird. City bird. Right. I want to get on it. I want to go on it.
Hop on. Hop aboard. I'm a hop aboard, sir. Good. Good talking to you. Thanks for this.
Okay. Have a good time. Yeah. City bird. Everybody. I've never flown on myself, but everybody
tells me it's great. They go direct from Miami to Brussels and they fly like real 747,
type of late. I know this comes as a, I don't want to get into that today about the travel
stuff because a lot of these, most of the people down here, they don't go anywhere. That's
why they're so surly. If you get out of town, I know not everybody's got the big bucks.
They're flying on a little crappy plane. And a 757 to a lot of people probably is not. I see
a few years ago, I know anything about planes. I admit it was why I got so many areas in
my life where I'm really dumb. I'm a moron. At least I admit it. I don't walk around
pretending to know something I don't. But a 767, like Martin Airflies from a Miami
to Amsterdam, for example, it sits in okay plane, but it all depends on how it's configured
and how many seats they try to jam in there. That's the problem. Not that the plane is small.
It's that they give you very little space. And when you're going to travel that long for
eight and a half, nine hours, 10 or 10 and a half hours coming back. And you're sitting
there even in star class, all jammed. You know, it's just the amount my preferable way
to a fly, so to speak. Here's a mobile in Boca. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. Hey, Neil,
this is big slate or former wrestler. Yes, sir. Listen. Hi, Dick. Okay. There you go.
There's a message from our wrestler to that we couldn't put it on the air. That was great.
And you already knew that. Yeah. We already knew that though. Dick. We know dick. 56670560
in pound 560 on a prestigious mobile one line. Better do a little break now. I think
while that thing builds up, that was good, Dick. It's amazing. Here you go. It's good.
I see it. I know there's a lot of resistance to it. And there are a lot of other young guys
out there who are like we've had called last few days. I know you're embarrassed. That's
okay. You didn't know. You thought it was like a real manly sport. You know, a great
mono, a mono, one-on-one combat. Who's stronger? Who can like, you know, turn the other
guy upside down. They have an aim for that guy who can turn the other guy upside down.
And hop on top of his... They have an aim for that. But I'll spare you. What word did you
say? Let me tell you a little more. It's got six decks. That's you. Don't be a
man. We're told the name that tells 5D. At the corner of the wall street.
Do I? I'm going to help with your name. For where now? We'll be looking for something
fancy. From minutes after noon at 5.60 WDQAM. Hey, I shoot for how you be doing. And like
I said, the world just goes along no matter how great. It's like the artist formerly
known as Prince. Every time I hear somebody in the media say that, I think to myself,
he's an asshole. And whoever says it too. You know, if I came on Monday morning, I said,
I've mentioned this before. The autochose formerly known as Neil. It would laugh me out of
this building. But you assholes in the media no matter how ridiculous it is. Hey, hey,
Kishon. But that'd be his name. Well, that's his problem, you know. Here's a naked lady
in Oliver. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Are you naked? Oh, I know. It says naked lady in Oliver.
That's me. Oh, you're naked? Well, no, I got a turtle neck on. Oh, that's good.
Of course I'm naked. Let me ask you questions. That'll protect you from the elements anyway.
Let me tell you this. Danger's men here that I think they should register their linguine.
It's like a lethal weapon. Uh-huh. Have you ever been here? No. Is that because you're a star in
your favorite way? Oh, not at all. It's just that I hear there's nothing but ugly people at
Oliver Beach. I've never heard about anybody. You know, any any time like they used to have on
Oh, how come I can hear you on the radio? It doesn't work like that. The gift to listen on the phone.
That's what that thing in your hand is. It's a phone. So don't listen to yourself on the radio.
Okay. Okay. The they used to have a nude beach up there in West Palm Beach when I worked
up there. J and O years ago. Right. And the only. No, no, but anyway, the only people I had
my car through Beach used to be called and then they closed it down because some old ladies used to
stand on the chairs with their binoculars saying how was disgusting. But at any rate, I never
saw anybody attractive and I'd be there. I'll go test. No, if you go to the nudist colony,
they're all gruesome. I did do that. I want to see other people make it. I just look in the mirror
in the morning. No, really going. It's a mixed thing. Yeah. A mixed thing. Now if you go to the left,
it's the gate. And again, right. And if you go to the right, it's everything. And you hang out
in the middle to get a little bit of each. Yeah. If you come here honestly with the Europeans,
you got to bring like a buzzer. You know, bring a wife. A buzzer, a buzz clip. Because of a little
fear. Oh, yeah. Yeah. They happen to be like that. Clips she said, yeah. So now make me
laugh. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and 5. See, this is, isn't that sad? Here is somebody desperately
searching for something. Now that's desperately searching for Susan. Maybe she is searching for
Susan to probably find her out there, but she's desperately searching for something. First,
she's trying to hear herself on the radio. Then she wants me to make her laugh. And she's
out there naked as a jabour at a Oliver Beach with a bunch of really skanky, scabby looking
people. Have you ever been on a nude beach? I've been to Oliver, but just maybe you've
ever seen anybody attractive on a nude beach? No. No. Of course not. I got news for it. They're
really hot looking people naked. See, in Europe now, there are a lot of attractive people
at the nude beaches. I've never been to one over there, but you know, I've seen all kinds
of stories and articles about that because that's because they go there because they're
uninhibited, not because there are people trying to be silly and trying to see how
courageous they can be in this puritanic. That's why people do it. Huh? I mean, why
else would anybody want to see those people naked? It's like if the French Canadians came
down here to haul over God forbid, bad enough they're on Hollywood Beach in their speedos.
Can you imagine that? That would be more even more disgusting than that video we had at
Al Goldstein in Ron Jeremy naked. Seriously, folks, I know it's right in the middle of a
shower and I'm a hypocrite because I said before we don't want to have disgusting things
in the middle of a meal hours, like once time dinner time. If you could see this video
that Al sent to us and of course, Al, great guy, but when ego as big as his poop is
naked. And of course, a lot of you have seen Ron Jeremy naked before, which again, I
just, you know, we come back to that, but that never would be the way for me to lose
way. You know something? I'm going to start carrying around. Let's take a photo. We can
just put it in my pocket. Any time the mood strikes me and they like start eating, I'll
just look at the picture and immediately, no, no, no, no. I'll lose my appetite for hours,
maybe for days. God. Why would anybody, anybody, pay Ron Jeremy other than the fact he's
double-jointed, that must be it. Why would anybody pay him to perform sex acts in a movie?
Here's Miami. Hello.
Daniel, how are you?
Bad enough seeing Randy West. Yes, sir. Yeah. If I can recall, Jesse the body went through
a war of pink and feathers. Pink and feathers. Oh my God. Oh, boy. You never saw them?
No, I, I'm not into the W.W. Because I'm so purple, I'm so fake. It's all, it's all
put on into little ladies believe it. That's a sad part. Jesse were pink and the feathers.
Yeah, the life, you know. Yeah, we know. And purple shades. And purple, yeah. Purple
haze. Well, but you can do. Okay, whatever. Here's the bokeh. Hello. Okay.
So you're saying you're placed, they don't spend a lot of money, right? What is it?
Your company didn't, they don't spend a lot of money. They don't spend any money. Really?
Well, what did they pay for that overnight sports pig that's on, you know? Who's that?
The guy that goes on after the main, the live programming. You mean they got some,
JT, the brick? I tell you, man, you guys are really one of my three hours of your tapes
to get an overnight. There you go. That's pathetic. At least you get some,
something like a little bit more money in your spots and stuff. Right.
It's pathetic because that stuff is just, I never heard that crap. There's another,
there's another sports tell call thing is better on another channel. I don't want to say it.
But go ahead and say what, what channel's that? Well, six kind of the better overnight
guys. Okay. This guy here is sports pig is just very opinionated. He has nothing wrong
with being opinionated if he knows what you talking about. It is when you don't know
what you're talking about. Right. When you love the team so much, you can't get the facts.
Nothing worse than a guy doing sports that doesn't know what he's talking about. You know what
I'm saying? Oh, guy doesn't always league your play. I mean, there's nothing worse than
that. That's embarrassing what it is. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Let's take a poll. Okay. Let's blow
the sports off and put some entertaining radio on the station. What's that going to
start? Now we got to do this. The guy's working here that need to make a living. Greg has
got that big ego. He's very happy now. He's Mr. Sports walks around with a smile on his face.
Oh, there's the sports maven. Yeah. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir.
Long time. Let's have a second time call. All right. Couple things. I was a restaurant
high school. Oh, and do you work? No, as a matter of fact, I work blue. Good. Thank
that's a good manly color. High school color. Everything built call and he was from Pittsburgh
and he had polio. And what he had was one of those heavy metal braces that goes through
the. I know Bill. Go in the heavy metal. Yeah. Yeah. He had a brace. A brace. Heavy
metal brace on his leg on his leg. Why only couldn't walk he walked with great difficulty.
And that's why he never saw him walk on the set. Exactly. That's why he's going to go.
Bill column was great. I was real sorry for the, you know, punks that don't remember
Bill Cullen. He was a good TV guy. And being from Pittsburgh, a request. How about Bob
Prince? A little kiss a goodbye. Yeah. If I can find that damn thing. Is that thing in
here, George? I'll look for a pal. All right. Thanks. Yeah. Is what is it? Bob Prince.
Maybe it's under baseball. No, we don't kind of know what's in there. I know it's under.
Come on. I'm it. There's a bill. You would think. Yeah. Can't find that. What is that under?
How about hockey? I know it's not all about Prince did do hockey rather impersonally too for
a while or at least to tell the story. Like I said, I'll find it Monday. Like I said,
too bad you punks out there. Never had a chance to get familiar with Bill Cullen and Bob
Prince and Jack Parr. All were really great entertainers. Not these plastic phonies that
we got today. Plastic height jobs. That's what that's unfortunately what life has largely become.
Height jobs. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. How about
Jack Barry on the Joker's well? Oh, Jack Barry. Joker. Joker. Joker. Joker. I mean, unbelievable.
They should have put his ass back in jail. Do you remember 21? Yeah.
Remember the big scandal? Charles. Oh, right. Van Doren and Elfrey Devin Nadroth. That was one
of those shows. The other was the $64,000 challenge. That's what I made the quick show out of
the best with the ace. All right. Right. And yeah, they were fixed. They were fixed.
And you know something. What's wrong with that? Who cares if it was fixed? It was exciting.
We don't care if it was fixed. Now finally, you have the game show network on your dish.
Yeah, on the big dish. Yeah. We have some couple of good shows once in a while and there's
kind of fun to watch. I agree. I'll tell you the show I loved was the old match game with
Gene Rayburn, the original one. Sure. I watched that all the time. That's a very funny show.
Even though Brett Summers looks like that. Yeah, you know something. That was,
I took the words out of my mouth. Even in spite of that bitch, I still like the show.
You know, you wonder why Jack Klugman wound up the way he did. You know, we couldn't talk.
And it wasn't because of the cigarettes because we married to that bitch.
God. How'd you like to wake up in the sack looking at that thing?
Do you see him running off the stage or something a couple of times when she was on?
In fact, that was always the question. Tianas Monsmatsu, Charles Nelson Riley or Brett Summers.
No contest. How about, let me ask you a question. How about South Beach?
I mean beach where there's decent looking people. What do you mean? How about it?
Sure. A lot of girls take their tops off on South Beach. Yeah. Legal. Fine.
And they're fine looking women. Sounds good. Or you know, there's good looking guys too.
Right. Sure. Right. What do you think about that? I say, what do I say? I said, let's go.
Let's do the show. Let's do the show from there next week. Why don't we? Okay, we will.
Thanks. Thanks.
Good idea. Let's do the show from South Beach right there on the beach, huh?
That all this bull crap from all these gambling places. By the way, don't forget,
Hank's going to be in the Abahama's again today from Crystal Palace after the ballgame till 730.
Then we got NCAA basketball, baby. Michigan State was Bartons, man. Against Oklahoma,
against those nose pickers from Oklahoma. Those red necks and Purdue against Temple.
Watch what you do with Temple. I'll tell you that right now, sweethearts.
Kick your ass right out of the big 10. Yeah, let's do the show out there on South Beach.
Talk to all the naked people. George can Google all the naked young ladies there with their big hot
boobs hanging out. And I can, I can Google all those steroid ridden guys.
Are there any straight guys in South Beach by the way? No, I don't think so. In fact,
you know, what I hear is that most of the wrestlers hang out on South Beach. That's what I heard.
Most of the guys that hang out on South Beach are wrestling with it.
Here's Medley. Hello. Medley. Going once, going twice. That's a medley of your material,
evidently. Here's a mobile in the Miami Lakes. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. Yes.
I called you once before about that Princeton All-Hoyte basketball team. Right. Yeah, but listen on
another subject on yesterday's neighbor section on the adoptive pet next to it. Yes.
This woman got evicted by an eye arrest. So animal control came and repossessed her.
I read and I repossessed her. She picked up her seven pups. And there's a,
an article there, you know, that there's meeting donations or whatever. So I mailed my check.
But it's a very heartwarming or... They're taking donations for what?
For the getter, a pups out of hot, you know, and provide that because she's homeless and
so the neighbor took on the cause to get the dogs out of hot and, you know, and provide a home
form where they were adopted. Great. Anybody have any message with dogs, boy? They're on my
estlist immediately. So it's on the, I don't know if you noticed, but it's on the neighbor section of
the held next to the adoptive pet, you know. Is that right near that picture of those two
wrestlers on the mat? I think that's right next to it, yeah. No. Okay. Thanks for the good news.
You got it. Got a good story there. That's good. Somebody's doing something good in this town.
Okay. It's about time. Instead of throwing all of your chicken parts out on the road.
That letter, I'm serious. It's one of those deals when you wake up in the morning,
you know, with a laugh or cry, you open to the editorial page and you start reading the letters to
the editor. And then, but there is something very valid about that. Stop and think about this.
Think about the people we talk to here every day. Think about the people you see, you encounter
driving out there. And then read the letters to the editor. It all fits in, right?
It fits in like a rubber glove. Right in the editor's back, go with the hero.
The uncut wonder boy there, Lace. George. God.
Oh, Jesus. Are you f***ing kidding me?
How can you be sure the buckwheat pillow your buying is authentic?
Yeah. It's easy. If you look for the picture of buckwheat on the label.
Ah, no, it's buckwheat. That's right. There's only one buckwheat.
And that means only one buckwheat pillow. Let's give it a try.
So, Jesus. That was kind of bullshit.
No, it's mushy. That's because every buckwheat pillow is filled with the little rascals
least favorite breakfast food. Ah, date, mud. He said he hates mud.
George, it's deedy. Huh?
Yep, it may not be good for eating, but it sure is good for sleepers.
You talk for a minute.
The original buckwheat pillow. Order one today. It's so easy. Just call.
Mud, date, turn, it's mate, keep fast. Keep on keep the fast.
Yeah, get the buckwheat pillow. And you'll sleep.
Oh, hey.
So, 30 on 560 WQAM. Hey, what am I doing here?
Did he even say it all during the course of the show today that he was going to be taken off early?
And we were going to be doing another 20-minute straight talking all about joke hastellas show tomorrow?
No, not really. Did you see or did anyone see the thing on Scientology last night?
A&E did two hours. Investigated reports on Scientology. It was great.
So it got me all inspired. I went online to try to find this.
That's why I played the buckwheat pillow thing because they were talking about OT3 last night.
On the Scientology show. And apparently the Scientologists really
sh** their pants when you talk about this thing because we're not supposed to know about it.
As a matter of fact, and by the way, if you want to find this
download that I got, www.amazing.com slash Scientology slash OT3 blah blah blah.
Lots of sites about Scientology pro and con.
One of the things that they do last night is they like to conform to the name of whatever
group is criticizing them. Like if there's an anti-cult group, then they'll become an anti-cult group
with the same name but really it's the Scientologist. So they have a lot of dirty tricks.
And it's so depressing that there's all these celebrities, including celebrities I like,
who are Scientologists. Who are you talking to on the hotline, Joe? I thought we were going to do a show today.
This is Carlos. He's trying to figure out what time he wants us out.
Oh, go away Carlos. We're doing a show. Okay. He said he's not going away.
So did you know that Isaac Hayes was a Scientologist?
Chef? My heart was broken. It was bad enough, Jenna Elfin. I mean, who cares about John
Promoltor in Perthielle? She doesn't look any good anyway anymore. But, but Isaac Hayes.
My boy. Now I don't think the one who believed there's a big spaceship floating around and
oh, it's way better than that. It's way better than that. So I'm going to out-and-off hole O.T.
thing and then we're going to revive a dead religion for fun and not-for-profit, just for fun,
for chief. Because if they can do it, why can't we? In 1993, they just got their official IRS
tax exempt status. What's his name? David Miskevich. They had an interview with him. He's the leader
of the church now. Miskevich. I'm sorry, I'm pronouncing it wrong. David Miskevich. They had a big
ceremony and they announced their tax-free status. And this is based on science fiction bubble-mysings.
This is Elrond Hubbub. By the way, now I can't find the diuretics in this thing over here.
I know I put it in here. I don't want to say the things might be disappearing out of this thing.
But Diaria, Diaria song, no diuretics by Elrond Hubbub, which is a great bit. But I played that
buckwheat thing because he says O.T. Okay. So they have a coronary when you talk about this.
They attack anybody. And by the way, attack away. Get your private investigators out. I'm going to
talk about you people. They send private investigators to dig up dirt on your life. Like bad credit
bounced checks. Whatever. Go nuts with my life folks. Talk about squeaky clean to the point of
boredom as far as finding dirt on me. Just go for it. Do your worst. By the way, can you feel the
counter vibrating from the power 96 power jam? We can do that. We have comparable speakers. We can
jam. We can blow shaft over in their direction. We can blow the shaft. You're damn right. So they
didn't talk about O.T. 3 in this show because apparently it would have been libelist if they did
because they like to say that it's copyrighted. That'd be like saying you can't talk about the
book of revelations because you know, bantan books is just copyrighted the Bible. So you can't talk
about revelations anymore. And the reason that they don't want you knowing about this until you go
through the previous steps of O.T. 1 and O.T. 2 is because by that time you're properly brainwashed
where you can accept this crap, this really bad science fiction crap about the galactic
confederation which Earth was one of 75 million years ago. And this was plagiarized by the way.
And this confederation was ruled by the new and he murdered many of the inhabitants. And by the
way, the O.T. stands for operating fayton. Operating fayton. El-Ran Hubb called the soul the
a fayton or fayton. We actually have many fayton fayton fayton within hundreds of them as a
matter of fact. We have a where is it here? A dominant and a we have like a leader and a sub leader
fayton and that is what we think we are. That is what we think our personality is. And by the
procedures that they go through which cost a lot of money by the way, you can actually identify
the various fayton within your body and then they can do things. So the challenge is out to them,
anybody who has completed O.T. 3 operating fayton 3 training who supposedly you get the ability
to become stably exterior which means you can leave your body. Free from overwhelm. That's in
quotes. That's what they call it. No one can overwhelm you. That I overwhelm you? We can test
this. Anyone who has completed O.T. 3 training, we are going to put you in a room and we are going
to send five big black guys named Ben in there with ax handles to see if they can overwhelm you.
And if you come out smiling, I will join the Scientology Church right there. You also have
total recall of the entire of all of your past lives because Scientology involves reincarnation
which they ripped off directly from Buddhism. When you become enlightened according to the
tenets of Buddhism, that is what you gain besides all this understanding is you get the memory
of all of your previous lives and you no longer have to repeat the cycle of life and death. So it's
it's a mixture of plagiarized crap and bad science fiction and the only reason they started calling
it a religion in the first place is for the tax exempt status. They just started putting crosses
up and wearing collars. They didn't change anything. They didn't change the way they did anything.
They didn't start worshipping or anything like that. They didn't start using the Bible. They just
said, all right, we're Christian scientists now because they wanted that tax exempt status and
they finally got it. So my point is like if Joseph Smith can do it with bad science fiction and these
guys, both of them, really bad made up stuff. So Joseph Smith with the tablets and the glasses,
one had a red lens, one had a blue lens. If they can do that with made up religions, what's stopping
us from taking a real existing religion that isn't practiced anymore and reviving it?
And claiming tax exempt status. What would stop us from doing that? All right, now you have a party
budget, I assume, Joe Castella. Oh yes, you have a party budget where food and booze and probably
you have clothes that you spend that you don't wear to work that you wear out. I've seen some of your
party clothes. You're a very snappy dresser. You're a fashion plate. You've got your hat. You've got
a silk jacket or a velvet jacket that one day. The blue one? Yeah, like a shark skin. Very sharp.
Now, all right, if I said to you, hey, Joe Castella, all the money that you spend on
partying, food, booze, the club admissions, the clothes, tax write off right there.
Damn. We can't avoid that church. Would you join that church? And if I told you that also
at the church services, there'll be baves, drinking, dancing, singing, partying, and sex.
Sign me up on that. At the church service and that you're do's and the Jewish people,
they pay do's. They don't pass a plate. You have to pay like a yearly or a monthly,
I guess it's negotiable. I guess you can bargain. That's the word I was going to use.
Bargain. Because they charge the older people more than the younger people. That's how they draw
you in. It's just like they'll let you in for free or just for a token do's. And we can have
that to the church. So here's the idea. Real existing religion. I have to wait for Joe to get off
the phone so he can hear this. The church of Dionysus. Because we were talking before,
you know, the guy that called up and just because the Bible didn't, you know, co-existed with one
fact in history that made it true, right? And I said, well, you know, the guy that discovered
the city of Troy did so based on the Odyssey and the Elyod. He just followed those things. So
that must make all the Greek myths and legends true. So I thought about that. And you know,
the church of Dionysus in those days and the actual worship practices are lost in history,
which is a good thing because then we get to fill in the blanks with our imagination,
with whatever we feel like. If they can make a religion out of bad science fiction,
we can certainly fill in the blanks. But basically what I understand about the actual religion is that
it involved drinking and dancing and screwing as the worship of their deity, who is the deity of wine
and spring and fertility because that kind of went together. For a lot of cultures, not just the Greeks,
the whole, you know, because the wine thing was a fertility thing because it was all part of the
harvest. They harvested the grapes, they turned it into wine, then they got drunk and they screwed.
So what would stop us from doing that? You get donations, you buy a chunk of property,
it's all tax exempt. And basically what you'll do is you show up in a toga and you drink
and you take communion, which would be, you know, we wouldn't have a lot of the little crackers.
We'd have, you know, good food, meat, leg of pig, things like that. And we could have not just wine,
but any alcoholic beverage that comes from something that is a crop, something that is grown in
the ground that is a crop. I guess that includes them. Let me think, oh yeah, all of them,
all of them. So we don't, you know, we can drink wine or beer or or hard liquor, booze because it's
all made from crops. And so we can, we can practice our religion, but basically it would be a party,
it would be an excuse to have a party once or twice a week and the do that we pay for the membership
of the Church of Dionysus or Cod, as I call it, that's tax deductible. So your party, your party do's
tax deductible and we could have like a big garden, spacious garden with like the little waterfall
and the swimming naked pool and women who show up with the half toga or the tunic that only covers
one breast, they get in for free. What do you think? For, you know, because I'm just making the
stuff as they go along. I am still loving this idea. I like Elrond Hubbard did and who could
get it? And who could tell me that we couldn't do that? Why couldn't we do that? Is there anyone
who could say no, you can't do that? I'm not talking about a made up religion by some bad
Paul Sines fiction writer, which is what this thing is. I mean, it's bad science fiction,
this whole Scientology religion. Did you see this? If you had seen this thing last night,
they held, they were holding these like cattle prod, these prong things for their pseudo polygraph
thing that they use during their audits to try to achieve clear and it's got the little needle
and this person who is certified by God knows who, by Elrond Hubbard knows who, is sitting here
holding these cattle prods and the needles going back and forth and they're asking these questions
that are trying to find out things that they've forgotten in order to go on to the next level.
All this made up hoax them. I'm talking about a real religion that once upon a time existed
and you know, it's fell by the wayside. I think it's time to revive it. We have a real
Scientologist on the line. I can't wait. Hello sir. Hello? Yes. Yeah, this is Frank Oliver.
Hello Frank. I'm a former investigation officer for the Church of Scientology.
Former investigation? Now you're the people that would do the fair game thing, the guardian's office.
That kind of thing? Well, the guardian's office is the organization that existed prior to what
exists now, which is the Office of Special Affairs. I left the church in 1992. I've been actively
involved in protests against the church. I protested the church in Los Angeles and Washington,
DC. God bless you. By the way, Scientology Kills website. It's Scientology.Kills. It's a really
great website. Go ahead. Another good website is www.znu.net. Right, no, no.
And www.znu.city.net. Okay. I'm currently involved in a controversy with the Church,
where I have started an organization called the FSSO, which is former Scientology speaking out.
They had a lot of those. Did you see that report? By the way, before the A&D Investigative Reports?
Yes. I was on the 2020 show and on the other show that was on several months ago, Dayline.
Uh-huh. And I've been speaking out against the church, but the current activity that I'm involved in
now is we were at a protest December 5th in Clearwater. We were protesting the church on the
anniversary of the death of Lisa McPherson, a young lady who was held against the wheel.
Right. We'll bring that back to you. Talking about her last night. That's correct. They starved her and
they starved her to death. This is how Scientology's use of their particular belief system.
How they say they cure insanity? Well, they cure the insanity that Lisa McPherson apparently had by
killing her. The ultimate cure. Well, um, we, um, my organization purchased the advertising space on
13 buses in Clearwater and the buses ran with messages like doubt is not a crime with a website
underneath and don't walk run quit Scientology. Okay. For yourself quit Scientology. Well, the church
pressured the county commissioners. The buses were supposed to run Friday Saturday and Saturday Sunday
and Monday. Scientology pressured the county commissioners when turn pressured the
transit authority and they pulled the buses off of the road after they were on the road for one day.
Wow. Now we've been involved in, we've gone to several transit meetings since then and they
have actually changed because of the pressure that Scientology put on the transit directors in
Penelope County. The rules have changed regarding advertising on the buses. They have now limited
all advertising on buses to commercial type transactions only, which means that organizations
like the American Red Cross, um, March of Dimes, they can no longer advertise on the side of buses.
Imagine that. Well, thank you very much for the information and keep up the good fight. Okay.
I don't want to cut you off early, but we only have six minutes and I want to hear from some women
who want to join this church. Mobile and Hollywood, hello. Uh, George, once it's ever between
Jehovah's Witnesses and Scientologists and Quakers, they're all just quacks or... Yeah, well, yes,
they're all just quacks. And have a hard time. So difference is subtle and by the way,
make a good point because they had this guy on last night, this Alexander Cockburn or,
or is that pronounced Coburn? I don't know. Uh, he's some kind of a religious author and he was saying,
he was actually defending the Scientologist saying that, well, you could take any religion and make
it sound absurd if you described it and then he described the communion in the Catholic Church.
They don't sound absurd. They are absurd. They're all absurd. Here's a little rule of thumb for you,
sir. If they want your money, they're evil. Okay. What about a human religion? What does it have to be like, uh,
seven days? I think that's Woody. Oh, Jesus Christ. I'm getting slow in my old age.
Pompano, hello. I want to hear from women who want to join the God, the Church of Dynisus,
and where one breasted show in Tougas. Hello, Pompano. Hey, George. Hi. Hey, uh, I don't see
the difference between Catholics and any other religions between Scientologists. It's just... Horse-knit.
It made a stop. No, those are just on last nights. It was fresh in my mind. And at least like the old
religions are kind of grandfathered in. You know, people have been believing in this crap for thousands
of years. How can somebody believe something that a bad science fiction writer comes up with? I mean,
it is so silly. Yeah, just a model. It's a Catholic church that any less silly eat my flesh,
transubstantiation my ass. Well, is that me out for that? You still put on your church. Okay. No problem.
By the way, the men have to pay out the ass to get onto the grounds and do the services. If you're
a attractive woman, if you're not fat and under 30, you know, let's make the guidelines kind of
loose. If you're a not really ugly woman, not too fat under 30 and you'll wear the one breast
of Toga, you get in for free. Open line and date open line and bride. White open is a matter of five,
five six seven, oh five six, three, oh five and date and pound five, six, the on the mobile one line. Yes,
Jeff. 1249 32. 1249 32. That's 32. His clock is eight seconds to have our clock. Instead of
ahead of which clock that clock now do you really think that that clock is in this room?
I'll say to you that that's that's all right. We've got this clock. I can do math. I can I can back time
it 32. I get 22 blah blah blah. That's why you're the host. That is why I'm the host. You're all
take a call and screen the maybe it's Eddie. Hello, I church is I nice and they're not there. Just
please we have four minutes one woman that will wear a one breast show in Toga. Maybe the naked
woman on Hall over beach can call back and say that she'll she'll join the church on seconds
that's don't call back on you mobile and coral springs hello. Hey, who's this George? Yes, sir.
Hey, what's up? I'm just turning you guys on man. Whatever Neil Neil left early. He had to take a trip.
Oh yeah? Yeah. How's he feeling good? He's feeling great. He's catching the plane.
Okay, because the doctor is there you know I don't know. Oh no no no no everything's cool.
Okay cool man. Too much protein though. Oh yeah, right. Okay. Later on. Is that that it? Boy that was
great material. Fort Lauderdale. Hello. George. Yes. Hey, my name's Dennis, which is the river that
comes from Dionysus. Yes, you could be you could be a you could be a Deacon. A Deacon. How's that?
You could be a husher. I get free baits. We'll put you in a purple Toga. You get in for free. We'll
put Ivy on your head. I'm just kidding. We want we want dancing girls. Wine girls. I've got
it all worked out. The church service and everything. You're you're going to join. Oh,
sign me up. All right. Tax exempt status for the party. Basically, we're just going to justify a
way to deduct our party budget from our taxes. You've been to a church service, right? There are
things that happen in the church. Obviously they keep people coming back over and over again.
Some of the things are fun. Group singing is kind of fun. Like a big group karaoke. A lot of fun
things are better in a group. The group singing we can do that. You know, we'll have a band.
Live band. I've been to churches that had a live band. You have the live band. And you know,
we could sing songs. You know, we'll do in a God of the Vita or stairway to heaven or something
like that. All of them appear, you know, we'll pass the lyric sheets out. I think the first order
of business. First, we'll have communion and we'll pass around wine and or durs. That's communion.
Then we'll do some group singing and then maybe somebody can get up and speak, but it would be a
standup comic. So we get entertained that way. We'll have a whole show. The service will be a show.
During the course of the show, we will drink and eat. That's communion. And then after the show,
we retire to the garden for drinking, dancing, and swimming naked, and screwing.
And this will be a religious practice because it's pretty much what happened in the church of
Dionysus as I understand it. And I, you know, I don't spend that much anymore. A family man and all
that stuff. You got to stay home with the kids, family, fun, which is an oxymoron, by the way.
So the party budget is dwindled considerably. But if it's your religion, you have to stop me.
Who's going to say, hey, you can't practice your religious persecution. We're talking, I'm not
he, this isn't a made up God. Oh, excuse me. That's funny. I just made myself laugh. They're all made up
God. But this is a God that was seriously worshiped by the most advanced civilization in the world
at the time and had many followers of note, I mean, not that I can name any of them, but I'm sure
that there were some Greeks out there who were some really smart people who were members of a church
of Dionysus. So I just say, bring back an old religion. You know, we could bring back the shaker
religion or the, was the deck I'd say shaker or quaker? What's the difference? I know the
difference. The shakers shaken. They're not around anymore. The quaker never heard of shakers. You've
never heard of shakers? Oh, yeah, they made fine furniture. Now, you got to watch that home and
garden channel a little more learn about shakers. 567-0560. We have, we have exactly one minute. What?
I'm leaving now. Two, one. Okay. The Neil Roger Show on 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale.
