Positions for the Beasley Broadcast career now.
Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAF.
OK, I was in the car about a half an hour ago listening to you.
First of all, Nick Carter has more challenge in his right code than you will ever have.
And he's not a pineapple head, he's stupid fat baggy.
Ladies and gentlemen, my name's Louis Bagel, and this is MOTSENUMBAVINE.
All right.
Oi.
One, two, three, four, five.
Everybody likes to eat corn, thiefon, rye, and I.
Like my bagels in the coaster, but Oi, they have only ham and cheese.
It's really not kosher.
I love some to filter a fish.
A good knecht, didn't like my place.
Yamagas, barren, kashe and matshe.
I eat treblok, it's tender like pasta.
Whitefish, hell, but please, so pork, like so big, you got to use a knife and fork.
I am my, it's all to let me eat it, but hey, the lots is up for you, Kim.
I really loved it, Hanagas last night.
Oh!
They'll be the past stories all right.
Absolutely big, I'm it's first, but I had.
I moved into my anger, just like my dad.
The lots is trying to let you in through here.
I really like a bagel, it's on tree.
My mother's name is Esther, my dad is Stan.
I like to go and see Bob, but it's not his dad.
Oh, yeah!
10.25.50 WQM, what a counterphone he is, this is boys, this is counterphone he's from.
Or what?
Man, oh man.
I give a sitting ovation to Danny Boy yesterday, when he finally got sick and tired of
those stupid questions and got up and walked out.
In fact, I give a sitting ovation to any of the sports nerds on his radio station, who
finally in desperate, the exasperation one day, will just get up and say the same thing.
What about your stupid jackass questions and just walk out?
Let's walk away and discuss.
Nice going, Danny Boy.
Danny, talk to us about, I mean, here was one of the great games I've seen in years.
Okay, so they lost the game, but it was one of the, for me to sit through an entire NFL
game, even though it's at home.
An entire game from kick off to the very bitter end, is like a, because most of them are
so goddamn boring.
It was simulating.
It was one of the most entertaining games I've seen in about 200 years.
What's on here, Danny?
Talk to us about what it's like throwing the Tony Martin.
What's it like passing gas in the middle of the third quarter, when you start getting
real nervous?
What's it like standing there helplessly on the sidelines as the time is running out,
while the other team is kicking the winning field goal?
And Danny says, these questions are so stupid, but of course you wouldn't know what it's
like you, Jack, as is, and he walked out.
Nice going, Danny.
Oh, stick it to a baby.
And like I said, a bunch of phonies who last, you know, last week, oh, he's done, he's
finished ripping him in ass.
I'll say it again.
The people in this town don't deserve Dan Marino.
They don't deserve anybody great, because they don't appreciate him.
Happened to people in this town.
What have you done for me lately, like in the last five minutes?
Now all of a sudden, after he has that great game yesterday, brings him back and almost
pulls it out.
Now all of a sudden, he's great again.
You're good.
You suck.
You're okay.
We hate you.
We love you.
You just can't make up your minds.
Very sad.
Sorry, Danny.
Sorry that they don't appreciate what they've done for him.
Okay?
Because they're a bunch of ungrateful bastards.
Nobody knows it better than me.
Oh, by the way, I want to correct something.
I don't know if I'm correct or not.
I just don't like even bad information, especially about health.
Remember that book by Dr. What is it?
McCauley Culkin, Kilmer, or whatever his name is.
And the business about Pravakall and the so bad for you and this and that.
I don't know.
Maybe it is bad for you.
But Dr. Dick, Dr. Bob, whatever his name is.
Dr. Dick got me back on Pravakall because my cholesterol last time about a month ago
was 255 and my LDL, which is the bad cholesterol, was 190.
Wait until you hear these numbers.
After just one month, my cholesterol down from 255 to 178.
Oh!
The bad cholesterol, the LDL down from 190 to 114.
Oh!
This is the lowest that's been in years.
And my triglycerides down from 131 to 87.
Thank you, Dr. Dick.
Dick, Dr.
Nice going, baby.
So I'm sticking with my Pravakall for the time.
Bigger and maybe will kill me, but at least I got that cholesterol nice and low.
So John Penis comes in this morning.
Let me just tell you about my back feet boys experience.
Can I tell you about that?
Bows, bows, bows, bows, bows.
So anyway, I'm assuming last night I'm going to the concert at the Macarena.
And I stay here all weekend.
I mean, I could have gone out of town.
I could have gone almost anywhere.
I got to hell out of this festering dying sewer.
But I didn't.
I stayed here all day just waiting for last night.
So yesterday afternoon, I'm mostly into my room and I go into my little box there
where I got my important stuff.
And here's the tickets for the concert.
And they say Monday, December 6, 730 at the Yanta Center, the back feet boys.
And I thought, oh, by the way, happy anniversary, happy birthday to George and happy birthday to Tracy Neely.
You share birthdays with Tracy Neely.
I'm going to roll the ball to the cup thumb and Rodney Baltimore and Richard stuck in Richard's
spectate Nicholas.
Yeah, they are.
So George had a good turnout by the way on the Saturday at the.
That place at Prime Co relatively speaking, well, I'm compared to what he usually gets, which isn't much.
No, seriously, had a good turnout.
There were people buying the best in the old.
Do we sell any CDs?
Oh, yeah.
And he changed, of course, going like Halava in Jerusalem.
Really big went over big and we raised about $1200 more for center one.
Nice going, guys.
So when you call today, wish George happy birthday.
Give him a big kiss or not.
Although I understand that he's carrying a lot of pretty dangerous.
Yeah, all sorts of bacterial logical things from that place he came saying out.
So anyway, John penis comes in this morning and says, oh my God, was that a great concert or what?
And of course, the newspapers, you people in the newspapers, you pseudo intellectual assholes.
Nobody is ever good enough for the people in this town in the news, the critics, the reviewers.
Nobody's ever good enough.
Every time Luis Miguel releases a new album, the pseudo intellectual music critics have to
rip him especially in the hero because they know I love Luis Miguel and he's the best in the world.
And so they got a rip in the out while it's a he's dead and his concerts are like a predictable.
And yeah, predictably great.
And so the same with the back to the boys concert this morning.
Here's the hero article by Lila Coba.
Lila, I hope the bird of paradise sticks its head in your back.
It never comes out.
Okay.
Backstreet fans agree.
Boys are larger than life and it goes on about Kevin to this and nick that that and it was a set of and so on.
But it says that the group panthers so shamelessly to the audience you couldn't help but cringe.
From that point on it was all a nonstop frenzy of athletic dancing on a multilevel stage.
Explosions, costume changes, some more flying.
But these are the addicts that make it so very hard to look past the boys veneer.
Finally, everything is so overdone if it comes a caricature which is a shame since Lila, Lila, whatever name is in the hero.
It's a caricature.
So instead of just sitting back and enjoying it and saying, hey, this was a lot of fun and they really are consing and the music was great and whatever.
Instead of doing that, it's like, oh jeez, we got to psychoanalyze the whole thing and a reaction to everybody else.
And then in the sun sentinel with a much bigger review.
Here's a couple of screaming girls on here screaming and shrieking with their cameras.
Joanna and Carly from Miami both 18.
18.
George, getting out of that target demo.
Anyway, and here they've got it all and it goes on and quoting this one and that one here's like two articles, not just one, but of course Sean Pickley, Pickley, Pickolino, which means a little penis in a tag in Pickolino.
Right at the end of this article that says, boys music, the headlines as boys music is like a light snack.
But what's wrong with a light snack, huh?
What's wrong with a light snack?
Is it always got to be like a big meal?
No.
I always have to gorge on something big and gigantic.
What's wrong with a little light snack? That's what I always say.
It says, the boys without a doubt have an able team of pop songwriters churning out their hooks.
But they are not musicians.
They are ambassadors of the global monoculture that turns funk hip hop, pop rock and rapid, the one sweet digestible dessert served on a very extravagant tray.
One hopes the audience will grow up and learn to appreciate better fear.
How do you like that?
So all you people out there in the audience, they don't like the music that I like.
I hope you grow up someday and learn to appreciate what I like is really what Sean Pickolino with little penis is saying.
One hopes they'll grow up and learn to appreciate.
And John penis who looks very grown up to me from our sales department, he said it was great.
And he was begging me, begging me for the tickets for tonight's concert.
And I said, no, come on, he said, you stood here and begged shamelessly.
No.
And of course this is the guy who's always saying, oh, it's always for his daughter, you know, like Lee J. Cobb and the exorcist.
Oh, I lied, it was for me.
Remember we asked for the autograph from what's your name?
What was your name?
Reagan's mother.
Whatever her name was.
Come on, come on, what's your name?
I don't know.
But anyway, I lied.
It was for me.
And that's basically what John penis is saying.
He said that was his show.
I think he would probably go back alone and sit in both seats.
He liked it.
I think he's probably in the 98 degrees too.
Thank God he's got that daughter for a cover, you know what I'm saying?
You follow?
Yeah, that's always good.
So anyway, I'm going to give away my tickets for tonight because I have more important to pressing thing that I would love to go and see you.
But sitting in the middle of 20,000 little screaming girls, I couldn't handle it.
Too embarrassing even for an old queen like me.
So I'm going to give them away today.
Even though I said I'd never give anything away on the air I lied.
Just like, yeah, just like Lee J. Cobb, I lied.
Ten pant while I work at this station, I should know a lot about that.
Ten pant, 10 at 560 WQM like on.
It's La Tita Alistair, no doubt that all of those American girls on the water company, we are Chinese too.
There you go everybody.
All right.
Thank you.
I can't come that night.
Walk around the wind's under wind.
In the office there's a guy named Melvin.
He pretends that I am Murphy Brown.
You'll see how you may be.
You'll say whoa, man.
Oh, man.
Until the wind is out of town.
The later on in the water.
We can tread like my daughter.
Put on some ice shade at your end of the rain.
Walk around the wind's under wind.
In the office there's a guy named Melvin.
He pretends that I am Murphy Brown.
Still panty gold.
Walk around the wind's under wind.
Walk around the wind's under wind.
Walk around the wind's under wind.
Ten percent at 560 WQM happy to know.
Merry Christmas happy new year.
Happy Melvin and all that other good stuff.
Okay.
So when we are center one total is 70,755,
which is disappointing is what it is.
And it's the 6th of December we got like 25 days.
We have four weeks to go.
Last year we raised 150 grand for center one.
Of course last year we didn't have any OJ golf tournament.
And last year we didn't also waste the first three weeks
pocketing around having to send the CDs back
because they were all screwed up.
And last year also we had a couple of extra major big appearances
at the shopping malls that we raised several thousand dollars at.
But this year is our sales department able to do that?
No.
No.
But our best of CDs and cassettes are on all the spec stores.
All 17 of them including over in the west coast and four Mayors.
And you can call center one all the way to want to get into that.
But nevertheless, well you know she says one thing.
I have a whole bunch of people including at the hockey game event coming to me saying,
oh well I know all kinds of people that have waited and waited and waited in order to the key chains.
And they still haven't got me yet and getting really frustrated.
But you can call center one and order those at 954-563-3600.
Or just go to neo-arrogers.com right off our website neo-arrogers.com
and you can order any of the good stuff from center one for our fundraiser this year including the key chains.
70,000-755 all of these things make great gift ideas for the holidays too by the way.
And usually in December is when we raise a gigantic humongous amount.
George did a great job at what was it, Prime Co. Saturday 1720 bucks.
Not bad.
Here's the good news by the way speaking of music.
And I predicted this. I told you it was just another passing fad.
I mean like real.
How you seeing it now you don't.
By the way, how is that Mars lunar lander coming?
Anybody heard from them?
No.
What was it 165 million dollars something like that?
Or is it that small numbers?
Whatever it is.
Hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars.
People are going to starve to death and freeze to death on the street to this country this winter.
Your kids, some of them in date county don't have textbooks.
Some of your kids aren't getting lunches at lunchtime in school in date county.
And around the rest of the country too, I'm sure.
A lot of your kids in Broward are going to portable classrooms in a portable potty.
They're posing a school classrooms.
And we're wasting hundreds of millions of dollars.
And here's all these people in NASA sitting there like this, twiddling the thumbs.
Have we heard anything yet?
No.
No.
No.
Anyway, the good news is as far as music is concerned.
Latin pop crossover is what it says in a hero today.
Nice going by the way.
I like the way they put into print.
That was cute.
PFFT.
Like that.
One of the year's most hyped trends appears to have run its course.
Thank God.
With all due respect to my good post personal friend and Rika, who I love, but nevertheless.
It says in Rikaeglaces and Rikaegl has first English CD on the giant interscope label.
They've used it a surprisingly low number 42 on next week's Billboard album chart.
The end of the year is particularly disappointing considering the album already on the list of number one pop single,
Bila Most this summer.
Enjoyed previously exposure on TV.
And even as 1997 Spanish CD, Viveer, managed to debut in the top 40 without major label supporter of the crossover help or Passover help.
And Eglaceus isn't the only one in the crossover parades singing to blues this week.
Albums by Mark Anthony.
Oh yeah.
There's a guy that Mark Anthony.
You know what they say about him.
He can't think for sh**.
Right.
And Jennifer Lopez have vacated the top 40 even media darling Ricky Martin.
He can't think for sh**.
Fail to capitalize on the ring of his first network specializes six month old.
The eponymous English CD remains out of the top 20.
Thank God.
Oh!
That good news or what?
So it was a nice one there for little one.
It was a big fan, but like I told you, just a fan.
Just a passing fancy.
Just go back to be courting your stuff in Espanol and pandering to the same people you always had.
And you know, if it's good, they'll buy it if not they won't.
Just especially that Mark Anthony crap.
I mean, give me a break.
Oh.
Accounting for sh**.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Hi Neil.
Yes ma'am.
I have a good story about center one for once.
Okay.
I ordered to keep changing the mail to the internet.
It took like six weeks to get there.
But it came and there was no volume.
It took six weeks.
Yeah.
But it came and had no volume in it.
It's very very low.
Yeah.
So I sent it back.
I think oh my god, I'm never going to get it back.
Got it back?
Right.
I got it back in four days.
So that's good.
And is this one better?
Oh, it's great.
It's fine.
All right.
So like three of my friends won, so they're going to order them for me.
Great. Excellent.
Thank you so much.
Thank you.
Thanks for the good news.
Okay. There's a lady with some good news about the bag today.
Let's hear it.
Maybe it's going to be a better week than last week, which I ain't saying much.
I noticed by the way, looking at that trend and ratings trend,
the QAM basically vanished from the year in October according to people in Arbitron.
I think there needs to be investigation.
There needs to be a building mural in the house that needs to be, yeah.
It's one of those bogus months when the entire audience for the whole station
just vanished during the month.
Have you really analyzed it?
Are we buying that?
Oh, no.
And then of course, technically last week, we had a week here that I wouldn't wish on Hitler
and Martin Bourbon put together as it just keeps getting worse and worse and worse.
I think we'll find out this morning whether the phones are working or not.
Now that I'm going to give away my bags, these are front row seats.
These are being scalped for a thousand bucks a piece by the way, and I have a pair.
And it breaks my heart not to go because I love the back three poises, you know,
but nevertheless, sitting in the middle of 20,000 screaming girls on a Monday night
is just not my cup of tea, you know.
George might want to go and sit in the middle of 20,000 screaming little girls.
I'll face the other way, especially if they're over 14, especially if they're over 12,
but nevertheless he ain't going because I'm not giving him the tickets.
So what we'll do is just like we usually do when we do these on very rare occasion,
we'll just do like a drawing, you know.
Anybody that wants these like for their daughter or for their, yeah, I'm sure it's not for the people.
And I'm just going to give people in our audience, huh?
Because we don't have any little girls listening to show their all in school right now.
They should be.
I mean these are worth a thousand bucks a pop.
Front row.
Row A seats, 9 and 10 right there in the Macarena at 730 night for the back door boys.
And we'll just take like names and the phone numbers, and then later I will give everybody,
don't forget, give them all a number.
We'll kill a couple hours with this, and you'll have to pick them up here at QIM.
Because obviously the concert is tonight.
Although we could put them in the mail if you want to do it that way, but I don't think so.
5 6 7 0 5 60, 0 5 60 on the AT&T line, tool 4 8 7 7 7 8 5, 6 3 4 5.
8 7 7 7 8 5 6 3 4 5, and only by the way to people who want to speak to me,
we're not going to do this crap.
George has already had people calling off the year.
Do we play that game?
No.
No, I can't stand people that do that.
People that don't want to talk to me have nothing to say, don't even suck around a little bit.
I think there's nothing wrong with it.
We'll suck it around.
Especially after what I went through here last week.
And I'm going to try to avoid talking about that because I'll tell you, Friday for me was about
close to his Gladys, might in the pinch would say the end of the road for me in this joint.
I mean, it's just unbelievable.
They just don't get it.
And look at that.
Now all of a sudden, every line in the board is working.
Well, thank God for that.
That's the good news.
Okay.
That's good.
That's a good start.
Is it going to last?
Do we think?
No.
Probably not.
I think last week of all of all, and we've had some rocky weeks here in these last couple of years,
and this radio station last week was a new low when you just factor everything in.
Especially after coming back off that great high, if I dare to work.
Can I say hi?
I have to be an Amsterdam.
I can't even do it.
Yeah, drugs.
There you go.
Drugs again.
Okay, I admit it.
Drug addict.
Not.
Well, first of all, why would I deny that?
Because it's legal.
See, that's the thing I don't understand.
It's legal.
That's the irony of it.
I go to Amsterdam and allegedly I'm going there to do drugs.
And yet the people that we have here are doing drugs about all of them.
All of them, George, are all the smoking weed, which of course is not a drug anyway,
but the end hash and the heroin and cocaine.
And we got half of the people in the morning show out in the hallway rolling around with the needles in their arms right now.
Yeah, that's right.
Half of the people from the morning show Tommy are rolling around in a hallway right now with needles in each other's arm.
They're rolling all right.
They're rolling it.
Brackdom.
Yeah, with needles in each other's arm.
Brackdom.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I just want to show you that five-year-old person should go back to Cuba.
Let's Cuban.
Okay, great.
Not talking about Cuban, sir.
Are we talking about that?
No.
No.
I'm going to keep my word on that, buddy.
I'm not interested in that.
I'm not interested in Fidel.
Fidel says, oh boy, you better give him back one in 72 hours or I'm going to fart in his real bad.
Yeah.
That's what he said.
And the wind's going to be blowing in that direction too and you'll smell it.
Yeah, he's a real fart smeller that's a deal.
I'm not interested in talking about that.
Don't you understand?
No.
That's funny red neck accent.
Don't care.
Don't care about Cuban.
Don't care about Castro.
Don't care about Cuba.
Don't care about Ilyana Rosalena and Rosanna Dana.
Don't care about any of that crap.
Like I said before, and I'll say it again, I'm going to be the great emancipator as I try desperately to free this community from this crap, this news around our next.
Don't want to hear about it.
There's plenty of other kids all over the world that desperately need help.
This could look pretty healthy to me.
Don't look like he's going to miss any meals.
He's got more guy than attention than most of you will ever have.
I'm going to be the great emancipator.
I'm going to be the great emancipator.
I'm going to be the great emancipator.
I'm going to be the great emancipator.
I'm going to be the great emancipator.
I'm going to be the great emancipator.
I'm going to be the great emancipator.
I'm going to be the great emancipator.
I'm going to be the great emancipator.
First of all, I'm going to be the great emancipator.
Do unscrew the pins around the thicker car that's known as the
We swear with my name, if you want, these outfits are planned.
They will take your eye, regardless.
We swear with my name, we look like candy every time.
We sing like a chastity-writers, but we're straight.
Our agent says we gotta say, yes.
We swear we're not gay.
Our biggest fans are 12 year old girls,
who think we're as cute as candy.
Yes, as they just hold us, they all stay the out.
We're hiding our latency.
One thing is for sure again, many joy to you.
Wash our clothes, wash our luggage, you're tied up.
Want to do the fashion when you're tied up.
But today we think that we have better say,
we swear we're not gay.
I swear we're not gay.
1032 and 560 WDQM.
We have a guy named David,
and he's a fact from Ron,
who is not a bad-attent,
and humor is a date wrong.
He says,
he says,
he's a black Japanese guy who won every 6th of December attack Pearl Bailey.
That's not bad.
The only problem is that with December 7th was that he also got his date mixed up.
Whatever you say.
John Penis says the concert last night was fantastic,
and there's a guy like in his 30s.
How old would you say he is like 35?
Who allegedly has a daughter,
or are we never seen her?
That's the word.
How old is his daughter?
10, 11.
There you go.
Perfect.
I gave you an opening, and you just ran right in.
Here's a lady mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Uncle Nino.
Yes, ma'am.
I'm so upset.
You're not going to go to the concert?
No.
I would love to take my daughter to the concert.
I thought you'd be happy to go see some good-looking guys shaking their booties,
and being half naked,
so I gave that the dolphin floss that's just, you know, picking right back up.
Yeah.
I was ecstatic over that.
I sweeted myself several times after that fuel goal.
53 yards, by the way.
You think I could get those tickets?
No, we were all put in for the drawing.
I don't know if you're going to get them or not, but I'll put your thing down.
Okay.
So then why are you upset that I'm not going?
Because if I was going, then I wouldn't be giving them away.
You thought you got me all excited to go.
You really made a challenge.
It was going to be a great concert.
It was going to be great.
John, he is dead.
He's a good actor.
That's right.
So hang on.
Okay.
Good luck.
George will take your stuff.
Well, she's just out of control.
That's where her daughter is.
Yeah.
Where's daughter?
Here's daughter.
Here's daughter.
Here's daughter.
Here's daughter.
Here's daughter.
Here's daughter.
Here's daughter.
Just relax.
How come they aren't here this time, by the way?
See, when they were here last year, and they were at Power 96 and we had who was on Kevin and AJ were on my show?
She back in those days, they could be like anonymous.
They were just sitting down in a lobby down there, and nobody was paying any attention, including me.
Now I think they're a little bit more well-known and they probably probably got the limousine,
schlepping them around, et cetera, and so on.
In fact, what's the thing in the article where the one girl says, Nick smells like,
what was the thing?
Disgusting.
Quit sniffing on Nick.
We got sweetheart.
She said he smelled like, yeah, here you go.
Christie jie, 17 of West Palm.
All these jocks nippers, all these young girls sniff it around, just trying to get a lick, a little look, and a lick.
She says, at one show I went to, they came by helicopter and left by bus.
You'll never know.
She's among the lucky ones who once talked her way into a coveted backstage pass,
as proof she shows herself off a frame five by seven-inch photo of herself and Nick Carter.
They look different in real life.
She tells a circle of ostrac fans, Nick smells like, cover girl.
Oh, God.
Nick smells like, cover girl.
Oh, my God.
I wonder what she was sniffing.
We can only imagine.
Peruz Ambedsman slammed two popular television talk shows on Friday for daring audience members to do anything for money in the live program,
including licking dirty armpits and lying in frog's urine.
Sounds like the Tom Green show.
And by the way, speaking of the Tom Green show, I've got bad news.
Over the weekend, maybe it was just a bad day, or maybe MTV has destroyed that show, like they destroyed everything else they touched.
Oh, is this lame?
In fact, what the hell was he doing?
I forget what it was all about.
Well, he was out in the desert in Roswell, New Mexico, with the UFO thing.
Did you see that?
Yeah, I thought that was funny.
Not while he was out in the desert, but what he did with the people afterwards.
The UFO museum people?
Did you leave it on after the desert?
It was awful.
The desert thing was awful.
Offer than the thing that he did afterwards with the UFO museum people.
I may not have made it that far.
Oh, oh boy.
See, that was hysterical.
Yeah, but you had to go through the whole thing.
I mean, it was, it was horrible.
It was terrible.
That desert thing was, yeah.
Oh.
But then he got to two people, like curators from the UFO museum, and he said, I got an alien.
We're going to do nontops.
And he pulled the sheet back, and there was the rubber alien.
I never really had that far.
No.
They got upset.
And any rate it says the two competing shows Laura on America and Marquette broadcast
the controversial programs last weekend paying participants $20 to $40 for taking up challenges
that provoke an outcry from the public and politicians alike.
Challenges, including a woman licking the armpits and feet of a sweaty, half-naked man, two
scantily clad women lay in a pool of frogs urine, a man dressed in feathers and eight bird
feet.
Better, neat and bird.
For $20, one man covered his head in cockroaches, sounding like the Tom Green show, and another
elderly man wrote a tricycle around the TV studio naked apart from baby diapers.
So close to show you.
Even in Lima, Peru, though, shleppers will do this about anything.
The programs prompted debate in the media about limits to freedom of expression.
Members of Congress accused the shows of taking advantage of crashed-rat people in one
of South America's poorest nations.
Too bad.
How much did they got a 90-year easy?
And I'm talking about, I'm sure, what's wrong with that?
What's wrong with lying around in a pool of cats urine for a few minutes, for 15 pesos?
Here's a mobile and Palm Beach.
Hello?
Yes, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you, sir?
Great.
Listen to you.
I call the sex music down East Sunright.
They were out of the Bethos, Neil.
So I know Senator wanted to try down East Oakland Park.
I call them and I was able to go by there and pick up the Bethos of this year.
And last year, previous year, see?
So anybody that's in that area, they could always call Center One and just swing by a
swing it on by.
And go by and get the Bethos on East Oakland Park.
That's right.
There you go.
Outstanding.
So Neil, you think I could stick around for them to pick it?
You're going to go see the past eight boys?
Yes.
Yeah.
Hold on.
That would be great, baby.
And even if you don't win, we will be giving your name out on the air.
Now it's just a joke.
Hold on.
Just a joke.
Now what's wrong with that?
See, you always tell me that straight guys don't like the back street boys.
Right?
Oh.
21.
What is wrong with you, man?
You're so full of crap, George.
Yeah.
21 before 11 in 5, 60 WQM.
And just a Hoover optimum, man.
So very long ago.
I'm dreaming of a white neighbor.
With every force he'll sign on the bride.
Where your days he'll be, and bright.
And may all be on him.
10, 40, 3, and 5, 60 WQM.
Jennifer Lopez ensures your body for a billion dollars.
Oh.
Even her ass ain't worth like what?
Maybe 500,000, 20,000.
And the rest of her might be like, at best, at tops.
Plus the fact she's probably a dike.
Or speaking of things like that, by the way.
Oh, and I was speaking to Al Stracken, the hockey writer for the Toronto Sun and from Hockey
Night in Canada on the phone last night in Al's.
Theo Ferri was not asleep in the back seat.
That's what Al Stracken says.
I don't know what he meant by that.
But anyway, this was an interesting bourbon yesterday.
Sun Centrel.
And by the way, it was that game on Saturday night.
Nice going Trevor Kid.
I thought you liked that.
Every real Panther fan knows that if it weren't for Trevor Kid, this theme would be indeed crap.
Man, what a game he played.
We got out shot about 600 to 3 in that game and still want to put into the one.
Trevor Kid unconscious, unbelievable.
Been brilliant.
That was the only thing that made it worthwhile going.
But in the blurb about the hockey thing yesterday, it says the relationship between Jody
and Jody Hall and Roger Nielsen is well known around the league.
My good buddy, Jody Hall, love you, Jody.
And evidently, I'm not the only one.
Rob Cash, your hairy Niel told a funny story about Hall and how tidy is with Nielsen playing
Junior Form and Peterborough, then playing Florida and then fully before being retrieved from Atlanta early this season.
I heard that Flyers PR staff didn't have a recent photo of Hall and the assistant coach Wayne Cashman told him to go and ask Roger Niel said.
Rodgers probably got a picture in his wall of Cashman said.
How do you like that?
How what does that tell you?
Is that telling you something?
Poor Jody.
Everybody wants Jody.
Okay, the outer town line is open because I'm sure that in Palm Beach County nobody's going to drive all the way down here for a pair of Backstreet Boys.
No.
Are they, you think they might?
877-785-6345-877-785-6345, just in case.
Here's a mobile in Palm Beach, a Pompato Beach. Hello?
Niel Scott, I sure.
Okay.
I want to echo that first female callers and suggest that you use those tickets yourself.
I think you had some backstage passes for Enrique or somebody about a year ago and you were kicking yourself for two days afterwards for not going.
Yeah.
But anyway.
What is up?
Well, you're a huge fan and they're good seats.
I don't know if it was El Luis Miguel I had backstage. We were supposed to go backstage and we never did.
Right, and then went out.
Exactly, and so suck it up and go. Have a good time. You love them and enjoy the show.
Listen, I saw an ad over the article in the sunset all over the weekend.
I don't want to go.
Yeah.
Go ahead.
And they were talking about how they were supposed to have all the classrooms computerized for our kids.
Right.
And they said the big hold-up is because they're having trouble putting internet access into friggin portable classrooms.
Oh my god.
Yeah, that's right. I saw that.
It's just crazy.
I mean, in effect, they're helping.
How many Mars Lunar Landers do it, by the way? We heard from that yesterday?
No.
No.
Hundreds of millions of dollars. This is the second one in a row, by the way.
That's down the toilet.
Second one in a row.
So we're talking big into dollars for crap.
And in the meantime, we got kids going to school in portapoddies.
And the worst part of it is that nobody cares.
And it's just going to be worse and worse years down the road.
Right.
I'd like to be on the list, please.
Hold on.
Thank you.
Oh, that was great.
First, he tells me that I should go.
And now he wants to be on the list.
I'm sure it's for his daughter.
Of course, we know that.
Uh-huh.
Or his son.
Oh, you people are a trip.
I'll tell you.
Well, at least they're being a little creative today, because otherwise, as you know, this is terminally boring.
And the last thing you want to be on a Monday is boring.
Uh-huh.
We don't want to be boring in his god, Dave.
Show.
By the way, speaking of boring, at the Panther game, it would have been very boring, except for the fact that Trevor gave plates so great.
And Pavel Burry got a beautiful goal.
And Scott Malibu.
Nice going, air Scott.
That was a hell of a shot, baby.
Nice going, sweetheart.
Other than that, it was like kind of desperate.
There were some exciting games over the weekend.
Indeed.
Into the slot.
Looking for hope.
Who couldn't reach the pot.
Not the only life experience.
That's past broken up.
And Travelway right back in.
With hope.
Lucky, isn't it?
All right, baby.
They're doing it.
They're kicking ass.
I'll tell you that.
12 minutes before 11 at 5, 60 WQM, are we going to be hockey intensive?
No.
No.
Although I had a lot of nice people come by.
Oh, and wait till you hear this.
Walk to a good start.
Everybody around here is in a good mood.
We're thinking about getting some once here in a little while.
But wait till you hear this.
George, this will ruin your birthday.
And the last 15 birthdays when you hear this.
So I'm sitting there before the game.
And I get there early because rumor likes to come down and smooths
which he finally did.
Pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa.
You know, he likes to be seen.
Oh, there he is.
There's that.
What's his guy with that silly mustache?
Yeah, that's him.
So anyway, I'm talking about the usual bunch of people.
And all very nice people until.
And then finally, you know, somebody comes to me.
And you have the habit of reaching out because somebody reaches their hand out to shake your hand.
And I take a look as I'm already shaking this person's hand.
No, wait a minute.
Worst.
No.
With the one that you were about to say.
And here's this guy with like this, this misshaped face with his like nose off the one side.
And an ear where his,
oh, no, where his rectum used to be.
See that I can't put my finger on it.
No, I just like, and he says, oh, I drove all the way down from ports saying Lucy just to see you.
Oh, no, I looked at him.
It was Greg formerly from Boynton Beach now from Portean Lucy from hunger from hell.
And get in.
And I look over and who standing there with him?
Andy.
Andy from Hollywood.
And I pulled my hand away.
And like that.
Yeah.
Like I just stuck my hand into 40 pounds of elephant craft.
And I just turned straight around and looked straight at.
Oh, sorry to bother you.
And they both kind of like slink the way.
What does it take to convey the message?
I don't like you guys.
I can't stand you.
You nauseate me.
I don't want to see you.
I don't want to know.
And you notice how they find each other?
They find each other.
Birds of a feather.
Together.
It's a gay dark kind of thing.
Yeah.
And that must be it.
They gravitate toward each other.
They probably showered together if they actually made.
Uh-huh.
God almighty.
So in the midst of an otherwise very, very pleasant experience,
I got to have them.
And if you could see this, uh, this cretin from Port St.
Loosely, man, oh man.
In fact, maybe the Mars lunar lander is in contact with it right now as we speak.
I'm serious.
Talk about out of this world.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm Neil Buddy.
Okay.
Uh, this could be a life changing event for my nephew.
Yeah.
He even want to come out.
He was well, maybe.
I'm here to learn it as high as you can in my day.
Yeah.
He either wants to be a football player or a backstreet boy.
Or a ballet dancer, yeah.
Or a ballet dancer, yeah.
And I, so I got to get that football crap out of his mind.
Uh-huh.
So, uh, they heard doing that.
So I'm a long time list.
There's never been a, uh, free loader, but this is a big time event.
I'm just down the street from your place.
Great.
I'd love to get a list.
Hang on a minute.
How do you like that?
We're getting, I thought it would be all like, uh, well, I'd say, I'll be for their daughters.
But you know, this is the new Roger show.
You do know that.
Uh-huh.
So, got only knows what we got out there.
What difference does it make?
And like I said, you asked holes in the newspapers.
Why can't you just one time say it was a lot of fun.
Everybody had a great time and they did a good job.
And then that's it.
It's that you got a critique and how you want to shame that they didn't do this.
They did.
And they were pandering to their audience.
Well, what should they've been doing?
Pandering to the critics at it?
Uh-huh.
So yeah, like when I was inside the post, Pete went in, he's been like this for up to 10 months
But what's the next thing I did, just used to do the Units for chapel adaptation
Do you think it looks like we're the images
and you've seen way through some stuff stir around, see just pause for the complete
Oh my god.
By the way, how about that Jake Plummer, huh?
Yeah.
There's a guy that could play on my team anytime.
I'm obsessed with Jake Plummer.
But again, that turned out to be.
Yeah, I'm starting to become football intensive again just in time, just in time for these
winers around here.
Oh gee, we lost another game.
We lost.
We don't have a shot.
Nice going.
Let me say it again.
Nice going, Danny.
Telling those assholes.
You people in the media in this town like I've said before especially the sports nerd,
what a bunch of morons.
Talk to us about picking your nose.
Talk to us about, yeah.
Talk to us about stupid questions because we have an endless supply.
Talk to us about throwing the ball to Tony Martin and he's getting more exasperated and
more exasperated and look on his face like Jesus Christ, let me out of here.
Poor Danny boy.
Yeah, I just feel so bad for him.
I mean, he's a multimillionaire.
You know, he's got everything he could ever want.
But still, he has to have the news around his neck of having played his entire career
here in this ungrateful, miserable front running phony town of people just waiting.
Every time he farts and don't smell the right flavor.
Not at Danny boy.
He don't smell like a Nick like what was this cover girl?
Yeah, he smells more like back home girl.
Don't worry Danny, most of us love you.
Okay, sweetheart.
Here's Evan Ture.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing, new pretty good, sir?
You know, first could I get entered for the stickers for the stickers for those tickets tickets?
Maybe.
All right.
Well, let me ask the question you.
I do.
Do you hear about the hero switching editors?
Yeah, they got a new and Martin Bournemon is the new guy.
Okay, what happened?
That's super cute.
And I was heading.
He's the he's over him.
He's above him.
So the speaker.
Okay, so that guy's going to be on top of me.
Yeah, the he was.
You're going to be blah, blah, blah, blah.
Right.
That's right.
That's great.
You got it.
Okay, second of all, why is this is this town like why is the media so negative here?
Because it's a negative miserable goddamn town.
That's why explain to me like I go out I see young people where I go out.
Thank God.
Right.
And it's not that it's a negative.
It's a positive outflow.
But then you come to the media and you come to this old fart.
Where's this negativity coming from?
Where does it originate?
That's a good question.
It's like a chicken in the egg.
It's in the soil here.
It's in the sand.
I have no clue.
I mean, why are there people that we think they could write about is negative stuff.
They can't ever have a good point.
Right.
Nobody ever did a good job.
Nobody ever had a good time.
Nobody ever enjoyed anything.
All it is is bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch and criticize that.
I don't do that.
Do you think this is the way they don't make a name for themselves?
Yeah.
I eat them the bastard and all those guys.
Okay.
Hold on, man.
Put his ass on the list.
By the way, I don't want to get into another racial thing here.
Do I?
No, I don't.
But before the Panther game in Atlanta Friday night did anybody see that national anthem rendition
by that little dark, complex, and girl, did anybody see that?
Oh my God.
I have in the history of my life.
I mean, I've seen 75 trillion different versions of the Star Spangled Banner, which is a bad song.
It's hard to sing.
It's a piece of crap.
And they had this little girl on there.
And then Rimmer, my close friend, Rimmer, I already warned him.
I'm going to rip him an ass so I don't want to disappoint him.
She finally finishes and we're saying, it must have taken her 17 minutes to sing the God damn song.
And she's juking and jibbing and screwing it all up and getting the lyrics wrong.
And she finally finishes the damn thing.
And Rimmer comes out there, oh, that's Tricia Schmengrich.
What a great job.
Yeah.
Right, Rimmer.
Great job.
Oh.
Everybody in their brother knows they stop.
That's right.
Who you sucking around, Rimmer.
And by the way, right on the front page of our Yokel News paper today, singing fans establish an NFL first right here at the P.P. Park yesterday.
74,096 Doll fans raise their voices to sing the Star Spangled Banner.
They tried something new yesterday.
Instead of having some Getchki come out there and do it, they had the crowd sing it.
Good idea?
No.
No.
But at any rate, it says Chief Dan Flanagan of the US Navy Band of Jacksonville, conducted the crowd.
Now the person who wrote this in the hero, the name of Sarah Rose.
You think you might be keen to joke?
Yeah.
Little dogass.
As the song, she writes this.
As the song approached its conclusion for the land of the free, cheers erupted in the stands.
And I read this this morning, I'm sitting here reading and I'm thinking, what's wrong with this picture?
For the land of the free.
And so in my mind, I'm now singing to myself in the national and I get to that point where it says, or, which by the way, little girl, little Schwarzeneggerl in Atlanta, before the hockey, she said, over the land of the free.
You don't say over, sweetheart.
I know that it's an oh apostrophe ER.
That's what it's an abbreviation for.
You don't say over.
Yeah, but that was her best thing.
For the land of the free, right, Sarah Rose?
Another clearing error by the hero who still, you know, maybe they should have won the Holy was interpreted for Sarah.
This is 560, QAM.
Who's that?
Who's that?
Who's that?
One, two, uh, three.
I made it through college and average to see.
I have a lot of money, but not much of a frame.
Like mostly you voters who were just as lame.
But I can say one thing that you can.
My daddy is an ex-president, and I got money.
Power.
And nothing to lose.
I can do everything I use.
A little bit of cash is all I need.
The satisfaction of my ego and my greed.
An impulative marketing is all I use.
A guardable for more rhymes.
Just like you.
That is cool, and they put in the laughs.
I don't think I laughed that bad.
Good.
Remember to vote for George Bush and those of you who don't, you can kiss my touch.
You see what matters to me about the presidency.
Does that make a nice conversation, please?
I'm the king of denial, too.
I have no problem.
I have to use.
So why is it so important for you to know whether or not I did blow a little bit of cocaine up my nose.
A little bit or two.
A little blow.
Oh, and I'm like that I'll do it, and all that.
When I put it up, it doesn't treat it in pants.
Oh, it's bigger than concentration camps, by the way.
What a great fact.
This is what I think about that Nazi, that the hip boot wearing, stomping Nazi Rudy Giuliani in New York.
Some New Yorkers get rid of their hostility toward Mayor Giuliani on Saturday by hurling what appeared to be elephant dung,
and a portrait of his face depicted as the Madonna in Washington Square Park.
For almost three hours, about 200 New Yorkers, young and old, made a dollar donation each to homeless people.
Each was given a late text glove and allowed to toss dung at it at the mayor's portrait as a protest against the police search and seizure of the apartment of a graffiti writer this week.
On Wednesday, the apartment of Stephen Powers, a graffiti writer and author, was rated by police after he announced during a radio talk show,
in intention to stage the park protest about Giuliani's policy toward artists in the homeless.
Following an attack with a brick on a woman by man presumed to be homeless, New York City's adopted a policy of police taking homeless people to shelters,
refusal can result in an individual being arrested and jailed.
Seeds were powers books, magazines, computer discs, artwork, videotapes on Italian motorbikes, as well as his paint, brushes and artwork,
including his research on his book on graffiti, the art of getting over graffiti at the millennium, published in July by St. Martin's Press.
The police hauled away five 30 gallon bags of with years of his research powers, lawyer Ronald Kubi said,
in my 15 years of practice, I've never seen a search warrant that allowed so much seizure of constitutionally protected material.
The lawyer also said powers was arrested on Wednesday by police in charge with criminal possession of a weapon because he had an antique set of brass knuckles on the wall of his apartment.
I hear him on a case of set for January 3rd in Manhattan Criminal Court.
How do you like that, huh?
Card carrying Nazi Rudy Giuliani, and of course we got Ken Jenny right down here trying to out martin bourman in every move, every turn.
Now if that fact isn't depressing enough, wait till you're the next one.
Wait till you hear my reaction to the next one.
My reaction is it's from Greg and Boynton Beach in Port Saint Lucie, wherever the hell he is.
He's an asshole.
Neil, thanks for the cold shoulder Saturday night.
I haven't seen you in years and was looking forward to saying hello after all that time.
I never did anything to you to deserve that kind of treatment. I never stole a freight train.
I came all the way down from Port Saint Lucie to say hi and realized you're just a bitter old man.
Besides, you don't have any fun on the air like you did in the old days.
Greg, see if I would have said hello, if I would have been civilized and then you know, humored him for 15 seconds,
then I would have been a great guy and I'd be having a lot of fun.
But because I'd given the cold shoulder and I hate him like poison, like poison.
And don't ever want to hear from him much less, see him again and his close personal friend joined at the asshole Andy from Hollywood.
He's an asshole.
I'm a bitter old man and a bad guy.
So I would you drive down from Port Saint Lucie to shake hands with a bitter old man?
That's right.
Who isn't having any fun on the air anymore?
You jackass, you whizzling and by the way, hope somebody puts the piece of your face back together again someday for your sake.
Not that it's going to make much difference.
Wow.
Man.
The people that you'd like to get close to, they run like hell.
The people that you would just pray that you could get rid of, you pray.
You get on your knees and pray and they won't go away.
Here's Hi, Leah. Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes, good morning.
Hey, if I lived in New York, I wouldn't vote for either Hillary or Rudy Giuliani, but I'd move the Connecticut.
Right. What happens if nobody wants to vote for you, what would happen then?
Would they have anybody there to sit in one hand?
Is this Jimmy?
No.
No.
Listen, other than sucking up particulates from my niece and nephew, can you settle a small argument here for these whole wheels that come north on I-75?
Doesn't the Sargras Express really have an exit that goes right onto the NCR, whatever it is, the National Current, right?
Okay.
I have a name where he was going to go 575, get off on Flamengo, go around, I don't know where, and I said fine, I'll just get off on the...
Who's going on 575?
So, yeah, he said it all to Atlanta?
Right.
He said that the directions he got, you know, I'm going 575.
What is 595?
595?
No, of course not.
There's an exit right there once you pay the toll, correct?
You can go to the exit at Oakwood or you can get off on Sunrise and there's no toll and just go east on Sunrise.
Oh, okay, I see that.
I'll do a Panther Parkway, whatever you'll have it.
Appreciate that, that settles it.
Tell him just to get off at Sunrise and go to the A Shell Station and hook a left and he'll go run right to the arena.
Okay, there you go.
He was arguing with me all morning and I said, oh, let's let Neil settle it.
Don't argue with them, holy crap.
They're hard-headed, they're hard-assets.
Yeah, listen, a real quick dolphin point of these pre-mints, I mean all they do is work.
Pre-menture from winning?
Yeah.
I mean, we let them in two-placed kids like 40, 50 years they needed for their figure.
Better team one, man, that's all I can say.
Yeah, better team one.
I know, you're right, Neil.
All right, put me on the list.
Okay, hold on.
Thank you.
We'll do this till about 1230 till we're tired of it and then we'll draw a number.
Not going to give the name out on the air, we'll give the number, the winning number out on the air.
Because if we give the name out on the air, they will have 400 people with the same name showing up here by three this afternoon,
which we don't want to do.
Oh.
Because these tickets like I'm saying, they're hard to...
And by the way, you assholes at the newspapers here, if these guys are so talentless and so mediocre and so much like, what does it say again?
Like a light snack.
How come the tickets are going for a thousand bucks of pop scalping-wise, huh?
I wonder why.
They must be really, really bad.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I wonder how many people are buying tickets to go see these assholes from the Herald that wrote these encrypted columns.
Here's a mobile in Dearfield Beach. Hello.
Hey, Uncle Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
First time long time.
All right.
My husband and I are big fans and he turned me into a Neely.
Finally.
After a long time.
And we're both real big back street boys fans.
Really?
I just like to put our names on.
How old is your husband?
35.
35.
No, I just want to do this for George's benefit because George being the hard-ass little Cuban that he is, he refuses to accept the fact that not everybody who likes to backstreet boys is either a 12-year-old girl or some old fag like me.
Right.
He just doesn't get it.
Oh.
Okay, hang on, sweetheart.
Thank you.
There, and don't give her any crap either, okay?
Don't be giving her a hard time.
So to speak.
Oh yeah, it's only you fags that you might have called her as you have Mr. Machelan here, huh?
Nine minutes past 11 at 560 WQM was...
Fuck it in and hold it.
Oh!
Oh!
11 14 at 560 WQM is a fags from Brian, who is a vinyl kind of center one merchandise.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to get it.
But what about some of the other people in the building?
If they help the South this year?
Get off the duck.
Yeah, exactly.
For those checks made out to center one in any amount,
like around the building, some of the people there
that make it a big box that we got in those this year?
No.
Not yet.
Maybe they're just holding out to a little bit of end.
That might be it.
Or just maybe they're...
What are we getting for lunch today, by the way?
Atlantic City Sub's.
Oh, great. Sounds good to me.
I've actually marked mostly he's got a big one.
He's going to bring it right now.
And I checked too.
Oh, you just gave him one of those?
That's the least we can do for all of the good stuff.
Oh, he'll bring us check in.
No, no, we don't have to help him bring us check in from kids' curvy.
Oh, I know.
Yeah.
Or maybe just make it pictures around on a squeak.
Why don't they?
Here's a mobile implantation.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
Great.
I'm in labor from 26th.
I have a little boy, seven years old,
that he would love to go see this actually boy.
Really?
And I tried to get tickets.
And when it was first going to say, I'll stay online,
almost three hours, and I have any luck.
Now, hopefully, if they were still around nine minutes.
I know.
You think I could...
You're on the list, man.
You got it.
Thank you very much.
Hang on.
So, there's a guy who wants to take his seven-year-old boy to the conference.
He's George.
As usual, I've been trying to tell you, you know,
I feel so sorry.
I don't want to rip you on your birthday, but never lose.
All right, I'm going to check on it.
I'm going to make that for it.
What?
I'm not saying nothing today till I check, there's...
Oh.
Oh, yeah, but I can make a call right now.
I mean, you know, it's George's birthday.
Call up and say happy birthday, George.
Even if you don't mean it.
You know, yeah, see if the Swing Club's, George.
See you when that nice, there's a wife here.
Oh, that wasn't his wife.
Well, whoever that is.
I could tell you some interesting stories that I heard about that Swing Club,
but nevertheless.
Oh, no, I mean, just...
Nothing bad just that some guys are very naive.
Even they don't understand.
All you straight guys out there, it's a real good day to go on a Saturday night, you know?
Right?
Saturday's the night to go.
If you're like, you're right to go.
That's the night.
Unless you want the old trolls, the old...
The old...
Yeah, Holy O's and all the other Monacoinies.
Unless you want to like perform acts for them that they can watch and like, you know what I'm talking about?
Do you get the...
Uh-huh.
Yeah, maybe not.
They're a little slow on the uptake.
Here's Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Yes, I am.
Thank you for taking my call.
Thank you for making your call, sir.
The 560 WQA and your God forbidding station for the 90s.
Neil, I got to tell you.
No, but George put me on hold.
You said something about...
No one would come all the way from Palm Beach and schlep down here to get these tickets.
Oh, I knew you would.
For $2000 worth of tickets?
Speaking of scalping, I've got a hundred tickets to that football game yesterday.
I've never seen somebody take a phone and say, I don't have that.
I could have got them half price.
I don't understand that.
That was a great game.
It was a fantastic game.
It was almost like a duplicate.
It was almost an absolute fact.
Similarly, the game, the two teams played it up in an indie.
But it changed the game.
I'm a dolphin fan for 20 years and I've seen these games too many times.
Yeah.
The ending.
I'm calling for no other reason.
In the suckaround.
Four.
You're done.
Tickets for my daughter, who's ten.
Your daughter's ten perfect.
She loves Brian.
Oh, there you go.
And I'm...
I hate to admit it.
I'm a beer-drinking football-watching guy, but he's down on the closet, fam, I felt.
I'll ride.
Hold on, pal.
How do you like that?
He's in the closet.
This is going to be the next solo, by the way, from the money I'm going to try to told you when I album came out that this...
I was one ahead of myself.
It's going to be the next single.
It's going to be number one-half in about two seconds.
We'll look at all the wine now.
You don't want to see it?
Here's Fort Myers.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you doing?
Pretty good.
Don't want to take it.
Good, of course not.
You're not coming all the way across the alley for tickets.
Although I know a couple people in this area who probably would.
I'm sure you do.
Can I change a subject for a minute?
Anything you like, pal?
That's just the ticket show.
You know you were talking about the Sun Back, that S-Up.
Yeah.
Well, here are your Beasley Station.
The SM.
The 1-3-9 is playing.
Take the kind of line 7 by the way, George.
Back that S-Up.
Yeah.
And power.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
Because they've got a sanitized version because this is America.
They have the sanitized version called back that S-Up.
But yeah, you're in the same market saying, ask any time you want.
Right.
I mean, you can say, ask that stuff like that.
Yeah, they're excused with me.
Well, you know, we got a lot of little kids listening.
We can't say, ask on the year because little kids once they hear asked,
and they'll be saying,
and then they'll be saying,
you know, I couldn't believe it.
I was, I was, I was, I think that all kids in America ought to start saying,
ask today just to prove the program directors of these concentrated radio stations,
the illegal little kids like us.
So wrong with that.
And this is your Beasley Station over there.
That's playing this.
You're Wanda Beasley Station, man.
Yeah, B-1039 is the station for any of those curious.
All right.
Thank you.
I wonder what century their equipment's from.
Have a great day, Pat.
Take care.
You take the good news.
Yeah, the Wanda Beasley's, baby.
Of course, we're in the quiet period.
Yeah, just keep quiet about that stuff, okay?
You know, something that I'm finding really fascinating today,
really interesting.
And I don't want to sound like a bitter old man,
like Greg says from, uh,
wherever the hell he's from,
that asshole Greg, you know what I'm talking about?
He's an asshole.
He is.
But the fact, and you know something, Greg,
let me also say this to you, sweetheart,
if you would have come to the MD,
have to have that human appendage with you.
When I looked over to his right,
and I saw that Creighton with him,
that's what I really knew that I was, uh,
just, uh,
just want to keep my guts out.
If you would have just come like with a friend,
like with a human being type person,
I probably would have been a little bit more friendly,
interrogating him for like 30 seconds or less,
and that would have been okay.
But no, he comes with the most anxious,
disgusting, rotest, silly person scumbag
on the face of the earth at Andy.
He's an asshole.
From Hollywood.
And wonders why given the cool shoulder.
Oh my God, these people.
Here's a lady in plantation.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
I'm going to help you support your theory about the 12-year-olds.
I have a 12-year-old seven-squater daughter
who is totally in love with AJ.
Right.
She has a screen saver on our computer.
She knows all the words, all the songs.
Is she into tattoos?
Well, she went into the temporary ones.
Yeah, we're not too thrilled about hopefully
that's not going to happen anytime soon.
With her, I guess there could be worse things,
but like body piercing.
Right, there you go.
But she's just, it would be her dream come true.
So if I could get on the list, that would be great.
Okay, you're on.
Thank you so much.
Hold on.
And happy birthday to George.
And happy hot, Channuka.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Okay, everybody's in such a great mood today.
Hi!
Everybody's happy when we got stuck together way.
We don't do it often on a show like I said,
never again until next time.
But this is something special, okay?
Something special.
I don't know.
I think I'm going to go.
You know, that's what we got to do, George.
Do this for three hours.
And then I'll say, God, you got me so fired up about this.
I think I'm going, I'm not going to do that.
Would I do that to the audience?
No, I can't do that.
Because you listen to sound of these people's voices.
You know, I mean, at least we're not going to go see.
Oh, that Ricky Martin, I'm going to tell you,
anybody in this audience who's ever going to see Ricky Martin,
if you want to be my friend, don't admit it to me, okay?
You know what I'm saying?
I'll just keep it a secret.
If you want any respect for anybody in the world,
don't admit you ever went even like two blocks
to go see Ricky Martin.
Thank the Lord.
He's like, yesterday's like last year's,
but hey, the lock is, that's Ricky Martin, baby.
So, over here in Atlantic City,
he's substance-free.
Excellent.
That's good.
Oh, I got such a heartburn, you know?
It's laying in my stomach, such a heartburn,
from this place on Friday.
5, 6, 7.
What am I given the number out for?
And I know I started to say this moment ago,
it's a real interesting study in human nature,
because day in and day out,
I know the format is really crappy
and we got what amounts to four news casts an hour,
four, four and a half minute breaks.
Unacceptable.
Not as bad as the other day parts,
but nevertheless not acceptable.
In this slaughterhouse of a place.
So, we have to go through this business,
not only of screaming and yelling,
you get phone calls on,
important to first place,
but then, of desperately hoping that people
will hang on.
Will they hang on?
No.
But are they hanging on today?
Are they hanging on today?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Wow.
So, I'm supposed to show you when they want,
and I'm not putting anybody down,
I'm glad you're hanging on,
but it's just really interesting to me
that you're much more motivated
when there's like $2,000 worth of backstreet boys tickets
in my hand.
As opposed to just talking to me,
which you can do anytime.
I screw him, you know?
Plus, we'd rather have him
to sit there with no calls anyway.
We like that.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, hi.
How you doing?
Great.
You can imagine Ken Jenny.
I'm real glad you did.
I have a little incident that happened.
It's also one of your sponsors.
My crew's last year I went on a crew.
Yeah.
And I bet a football game that on a Sunday
that they were going to play Monday.
And I left the boat.
The next day was Ken Jenny day
when he raided the boat
took all the machines with the boat.
Oh, what a disgrace, by the way.
Just ridiculous.
But besides that, I mean what even made it worse was,
when I called Sun Cruise,
they told me, oh, no problem.
We'll have it all straightened out and everything.
And you won the game and you're going to get your money.
A year later, I have been there five times.
So instead of winning $300,
I've lost $630.
And they tell me that the reason is
because they sublet it to some man.
And he just doesn't want to pay anybody off
because they won't renew his license.
So that's the end of it, I guess.
So why did I get any prosecute him?
Yeah, unbelievable.
I mean, he's just incredible Ken Jenny.
What he did.
Disrupting everybody, I'm telling you.
He wants to be, believe me when I'm telling you,
he's modeling himself after Rudy Giuliani.
He wants to be the dictator of this town.
He's got the first syllable licked already.
Oh, there's no question about it.
He's getting more and more powerful every day.
Yeah, every day.
Of course, just wait till he runs to be the strong
mayor of Broward and everybody says, no.
No, no, no, no, no chance.
I got a better chance of winning him.
He does my little dogs better a better chance.
I'm telling you.
Okay, now you could also help me out here.
I've been perfectly straight.
You have a girl.
Just got married.
And I have to tell her today, I can't bring her wife here
from South America.
Her mother from South America.
So if I could get on the list and get her a ticket for tonight,
make her make my day.
You just got married to a 12 year old girl.
No, she's not 12.
How 26?
Oh, 26.
That's good.
Yeah.
Georgia smiling, but that's good.
Yeah, no, she's fine.
Okay, hang on.
Thank you.
And good luck.
You'll need it.
Okay.
Okay, 1125.
There you go.
Oh, I'm starting to get sick of my stomach from this whole thing.
Must be my version.
I have an aversion to give it stuff away.
I've done it in so long.
Makes me feel like almost unclean.
Anybody buying that?
Now, kill some good time at the Monday.
What the hell do you want?
And especially like I said, after Friday, this past Friday,
my kishis are still twisted from the experience we had on the show on Friday.
Man, that was the all time.
That was just absolutely unacceptable is what it was.
You follow them in Greg?
No.
You get it?
No.
No, I didn't think so.
By the way, there's a $10,000 check from Mark Mosley from a Power 96.
There's a $5 million check from Kid Curry from Power 96.
Now, we're going to start getting some checks in here from on the building.
What should I think?
No.
What now, your Georgia's laughing at that, see?
That wasn't meant to be comedy.
We need some help.
We need some help, God damn it.
I will not give it to you.
Well, it's the way it goes.
We need your money.
I will not give it.
We need help for Cemetery one.
I will not give it.
I will not give it to you.
We need help for Cemporary one.
I will not give it to you.
I will not give it to you.
Stay confused.
Stay confused.
Stay confused.
And, maybe, they've got recommendations.
That man has no money.
Please take the picture and we don't call them an expert.
Don't.
We're also doing this on the
motherf**k be trippin'. You wanna bust a captain's ass. You're pat down your pockets but you ain't
packing nothin'. Now you can go to traditional route of fire on macrosvisions which require
five day cool and all period but the problem with that is do my cool off and the motherf**k
might really deserve that sh**. Cooler heads may prevail but let's revenge go down.
That's why me and my palsy started rent a gun you know what I'm saying? These bad motherf**k
are the song cold serial number five down solid gas. Y'all come on up on it here.
Browse of our fire selection or a case ooves these and colds or just pull up on our drive-by window
and sh**. And rent a gun. They too easy got damn pain in plain by the hour or by the bullet.
No credit cards except that y'all just remember the rent a gun motto. It ain't violence if the
motherf**k the desire. And what timing baby here's the bullet and three students shot at rural
Oklahoma school this morning. There you go three more students shot this morning and you want
to know why? That's the American f**king way. That's right three students at a rural middle school
and four gifts in Oklahoma were shot this morning the suspect is in custody. It was unclear whether
the shooting took place outside or inside the school shortly before the 8 a.m. started classes.
Superintendent Steve Wilmot didn't know the condition of the students. A medical helicopter was
sent from St. Francis Hospital in Tulsa. The hospital had no information on the extent of the
injuries. Lieutenant Jack Mike award net Muskegee County Jaila said he believed only one person
was responsible for the shooting. He wouldn't come in the age of the person in custody. Four
gifts in the town of about 3,500 people about 550 miles southeast of Tulsa about 450 students
at 10 the middle school. And the students were all released early because of the shooting
around their way home and hoping that the shooting could shot. How do you like that huh?
There you go. That's the American f**king way. You gun huggers out there baby. When crazy people
have guns you're asking worth a dime. I've said that right now. Here's a thanks for Marjorie
uses. I love the backstreet boys concert which of course the first one was last night. We were
lucky enough to be in a suite. I'm a 30 year old female and think that all ages would enjoy it.
The guys in special effects will look great and you should definitely go enjoy yourself says
Marjorie how do you like that? That's what Marjorie says. Am I going to go? No. Probably should you know.
Probably should. I mean it's a choice between stiff and fat witches to track there on a Monday night
which we got you know our nice table up there, a nice free meal or going up there and sitting
being surrounded by 20,000 screaming hibi jibi little hysterical girls. You that's the problem.
See John penis don't mind that. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey Neil how you doing?
Pretty good sir. I'd like to first of all offer you my condolences for last Friday. That was a joke.
Oh that radio station they've got you handcuffs. You could have sued there for false imprisonment.
Yeah you're right. I'm telling you we're putting them on notice as of today that you know if this
crap continues it's going to be a stole of Easter baby. I mean how do you do a show and a talk
to you without a phone that works whoever heard the sense of thing? Well it's it's amazing that
every day you keep coming back. They would be lucky to say hi to you with a chef in a in a restaurant
and you're the the premier chef in town and you go in and oh well guess what the the stove don't work
you know none of the cooking here but go in there and make some great meals for the customer
even though our chef doesn't want to. Yeah. Yeah. I have a seven year old son and I'm sure if I
want he'd be thrilled so you got to put me on that list but before you do that yesterday's game
was a great game. I mean I'm a dolphin fan. Right and we got the fight better team the coach
are better. Anybody who says that wasn't a great game. I mean a Reno brought him back and
or that touchdown passed him Martin and I mean just just phenomenal game and right down to as the
clock how can you have a better game I mean sure most of the people you're wanting to see the dolphins
win but how can you have a better game than one where it goes back and forth and back and forth and
the game has decided is the clock ones out. Yeah the game really was the game of the week you know
before they played it right and and it turned out to be the game of the week so that was you know
it's good game. Okay hang on pal. Thanks, love them. See there's a guy with a I mean he's upset
that his team lost but at least he appreciates a good game when he sees it like most people
know here don't I heard about two minutes of the morning show this morning they're
wha- wha- wha- ah actually that's enough for me that's enough for me I don't want to hear any more
this just like Danny Boy said take your stupid questions and stick them in your rectum that's
what Danny Boy said nice going Danny let me say it again you got a few of us here that we
expect you for what you've done in this town for the last 400 years go out there and bust your
guts and try the best you possibly can with no running game with no crap at a coach that's
brain dead yeah we got a shot Jimmy at least Jimmy had good say you know at least he had the
hoods but yet that it is a oh then played good you know in spite of the fact he's a silly old man
he played pretty good whatever the hell does Jimmy said and he say something like that uh-
yeah something like that he says in spite of the fact that he's 120 years old the
daughtering old man he played pretty good kind of a back-ass head back handed compliment Jimmy
and by the way Jimmy getting her cut here's Coral Springs hello yeah Neil yes sir
I'm cool Neil I uh I'm not embarrassed by hanging on because every time I call you if I call
you to talk about something I hang on in fact I even hung with you on variety with the
ridiculous yeah unbelievable that was like a mass hanging out I had a lot of my radio because of
this half-color grister radio so I'm not embarrassed calling for I have two boys 18 a 16 and uh
13 yeah who don't they you know not in love with them but they really like their sound yeah and they
have all their albums I mean all the CDs and stuff so I don't know that you're all those kids
that got girlfriends to in spite of what George I'll say why my boys 16 year old football player
good looking studs yeah 3 210 pounds doesn't have a girlfriend doesn't want one
hmm so I want to play football go to school and then that'll come down the line maybe
so uh yeah hey listen the auto put anything past these kids today that's right you never know
but that that's not done anything I know what you're doing you're grabbing so that's not the
only reason I quote with you don't list I want to tell you something um I want to your statistics
that you talk about every day and that's one of the reasons I listen to you and in 365 days
um I'm 400 pounds I'm down from 630 and it's 3 30 and 630 and 365 days this time next year
I swear to you God I will weigh 230 pounds all right excellent your statistics scare the crap
out of it I just found out two more you know when you're you're always the only read the news clips
and stuff and you're always talking about all these people buying and airplanes and earthquakes
and stuff mm-hmm to the statistics statistics I just heard 35% of the world is obese
1500 people die every two days from obesity
scary mm-hmm and you think and don't forget 55% in America obese 75% and you know what
and I'm like racist but 49% are Hispanic and 47% are black yeah of overweight people
well it would be a couple of us white guys anyway you gotta double that I'll I'll tell you I'm in
there pal but I'll tell you this uh 200 I call you 365 days and I'm gonna wait 230
do it scare me every day excellent can I get on a list okay hang on pal thanks pal there's
a guy that's lost 230 pounds oh yeah it's not you know maybe maybe some people don't give a
crap that they walk around looking like a tub of large but it's real real unhealthy it's real
bad for you so where's lunch Stewart I'm sorry on it's what just a joke it was just a little joke
okay just a little tiny fat joke from a fat guy I don't want to admit that I ate those jelly
donuts here on Friday because of a Hanukkah and those potato pancakes today before because it was
Hanukkah see that's why there's so many of us fat Jews and prematurely dead Jews because the
food that we eat is like Dreck killer look at that there's an open line right now look at that
line five look at that oh my god five six seven oh five we'll do the drawing at 12 30 by the
wind and we'll get back to doing like a real radio show maybe or not we'll just play back street
boys music should be interesting here from some other people who went to that concert last night
who might have some comments about it that we're gonna like any other than the fact no no
because everybody I spoke to from John penis to margarine everybody else the other I want to have
a person they said it was sensational I said it was great and what's wrong with these goddamn
newspapers huh but your hard asses that's their problem with our local newspapers they don't like
anybody especially me holy mackinon this is jubal on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and
you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God
oh
mister
Nope
ini
uh
15-till-noon at 5-50 WNG, got the ankle, we're going to show it to you.
Oh, look at that.
I'm on a wrong page.
Well, I got to get Blush Schedule on here and get the right page.
Here you go.
Hank will be a Tule of State 2 today at 2.
With net more at the 5 o'clock net who was inducted into the BDolphin,
the thing yesterday.
Nice going, Air Net.
And in the booster, 6-8-45, Vikings at the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
Not one of the all-time worst Monday night games could be worse at 8-45 tonight.
OK, we got another 45 minutes of this then we'll do the drawing at 12-30
and then I'll say, oh, we're just a big hoax and I'm really going.
Are we going to do that?
No.
No, this isn't the station where we run the word contest.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Happy Hanna-Kaniel.
And back to you, sir.
Thanks for the news flash on Oklahoma.
That's another one for the gun huggers to stick up there.
Yeah, they're doing CNN right now.
They're doing it over to 9-millimeter handgun, which they say was the weapon used in the shooting.
And five other students have been taken to area hospitals.
Oh, five more.
There you go.
So I work to 8 now.
No, it sucks.
It just sucks the whole situation in America what comes.
Yeah.
Anyway, back that thing up, back that ass up.
Back your ass up, yeah.
On MTV, they played the back that thing up version.
I've seen it once in a while.
Oh, yeah, I know.
It's a scream and riot.
I don't know if you ever seen the video, but it's just a bunch of black girls shaking it
and a bunch of indigenous folks out there dancing.
How come they can't even say back that back home off that would be better, you know?
I have no idea, but on the same topic, I don't know if you guys have talked about it,
but there's a commercial going around on some of the radio stations.
It almost sounds like a bit when you're a bit, but it's for real.
Does that account?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
I mean, who wants to take losing the losing loose oily stool for the oily birds?
A frequent need to have a development in ability to store that.
It's a desperate sense of urgency that'll make you want to stay close to the house all day long.
Right.
I mean, that sounds real attractive to have to take that.
Yeah, but just have to think if you live in Sunrise or Surfside or Tamarack,
you're probably taken for it.
Absolutely.
Hey, Neil.
I love to bring the gosh and the Spooker to the concert.
I got two boys, eight and ten and big fans, and I'd love to get on the list.
Okay, hang on.
Now, you noticed George, we had a lot of people with boys, okay,
with kids, the various ages, including Macho, Young football players, who don't have girlfriends, etc.
And have no interest in having a baby.
Oh, yeah, here we go.
That's the guy's side.
Here we go again, he's busy with his football, okay?
He has his hands on her center or somewhere.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18th D wireless line.
Here's a pay phone and bouquet.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, thanks for taking my call.
Thanks for making your call.
Listen, first of all, college jurors, you're not really well-imposed,
but college jurors that I'm a 35-year-old straight man.
Yes.
With a beautiful 29-year-old wife, who enjoyed a battery boy.
There you go.
She would go to go tonight.
I would love to get on that list.
She'd go for it.
Listen, first, I can't quite last to be able to beat a dead horse right now.
It's got a big question about a satellite situation.
My apartment complex does not allow them to very strict about them.
Your apartment complex by law now, that law changes.
It's got to be two years ago now.
The apartment complex cannot prohibit you from having a satellite dish.
Sure, on my lease, I'll have to check that out.
Okay, I can say that's my question.
I mean, you've got to be a little bit more precise.
You're just saying your lease, the fact is that the law changed,
and no matter what the lease said, they can't prohibit it anymore.
They're violating your rights.
That's fantastic.
Did not know that.
I really appreciate that.
Can I get on a lift?
Sure.
Hang on.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18th D wireless line.
As we continue rolling along.
Turn the song.
Wow, wow, wow.
This proving George is myth that everybody really is in love with the Olympic biscuit.
That's another one, by the way.
There's a good news.
He's on the way up.
Pretty and that crew, they're out.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Big call here.
Ken Rem.
Jennifer's brother.
All right.
I've never called this long, long, long time listener.
How do you like that?
And Jennifer, I was just talking to her the other day and she said,
Can beat that Gator me.
That was before that game the other night.
She's doing great.
She's up in Palm Beach.
Yes, she is.
She's on the air twice a day.
Right.
We're going to get together for Christmas and go on a nice cruise.
Excellent.
And be crew with it.
Just about the kids, a brand new puppy.
Cockroach Spaniel.
Uh-huh.
Eight weeks old.
We're up to our elbows in it.
Keep that busy.
Mm-hmm.
I got a little daughter.
Jennifer's the aunt.
Daughter.
Hazley, nine years old.
Right.
She would wear pants.
She would just go crazy.
Yeah.
Can I get on the lift?
Okay, but bring some to Penn.
Okay, give Jennifer a big kiss for us and tell her,
Hey, asshole.
Hang on.
Love you.
Okay.
Okay, there's Jennifer's, uh, whatever you use.
How do you like that?
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
We're getting close to that magical moment at 1230, baby.
What's going to happen after that?
That's okay.
Like I said, I deserve this.
In fact, uh, you know, I've gotten $50 million worth of use out of these tickets today.
And that's just too grand.
After what happened here on Friday.
I don't want to keep going back to that.
Do I bother?
Oh, boy.
That was like the end of the world as we knew it.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Great.
A little bit later, but I went to the Rangers game.
What was it?
We could go Friday.
Yeah.
We could go to the girlfriend and her niece was down from Florida State.
Did you go to that game?
No, I was in Amsterdam, so it was kind of hard to get there.
Oh, yes, it would be.
Anyway, that the geeky guy that walks around and pulls people out of the stand,
he happened to pick my girlfriend and brings her down.
And it was the puck she was playing with.
And she was playing with the shovel.
And they shoveled the puck.
I'm watching it.
It's number one.
And everybody in the section is holding up one finger, one finger, one finger, one finger.
Yeah.
Most people in my section are holding the whole time one finger too.
There you go.
And of course, she looks at the niece and the niece from Florida State.
Holding up two fingers.
And she picks two.
Even the guy that pulled her out of the stand.
He's tapping her on the shoulder with one finger.
And she chose two.
And the booze were crazy.
But it was a little bit on the embarrassing side.
But the funny part about it is she was given a package with P-shirts and stickers and pucks and everything like that.
And I told her what the real prize was if she got it right, was $1,000 in the city of St.A.
She still believes it.
I hear was 50 grand as well.
I heard.
Could be just a rumor.
By the way, speaking of pucks, they were selling Hanukkah pucks.
I'm sure they're still selling them at the Macarena and the souvenir shop they got.
Where everything is overpriced about marked up 9,000%.
75 bucks for a Hanukkah puck.
75 dollars.
Yeah.
That's a little high.
Yeah, for a puck with like a little star David on it.
How do you like that?
Hi.
That'd be nice.
Hey, listen on another note.
I have a guy that refuses to go to lunch with me now at work because I'm tuned into your radio station.
He just chooses not to.
And it's based on what?
What's his problem?
Well, he listens to what is that?
He's a 87.7.
The Christian station.
Yeah.
And I keep telling him, you know, what's the big problem with Neil?
And he won't write, come out and say it because he feels like he's preaching.
But he just doesn't agree with some of your views.
Too bad.
Too bad.
He can't handle it.
He's another one of those hypocritical God squad people.
Too bad.
Yeah.
Another adult living in Ferry, Thailand.
Yeah, it's exactly.
Yeah, I got a nine year old girl.
Like to take her to the conference.
Okay.
Yeah, I'm pal.
Thank you.
Hold on.
And touch your friend, Cox a hoist.
Oh, yeah.
All this goody, we got a goody two shoes religious backdards out there.
Hateful obnoxious disgusting, finger pointing, finger waving, burning in hell, etc.
The out of town line is opened by the way, like for Palm Beach, if anybody wants to participate.
Or actually, anybody has something to say on the out of town line, besides just this ridiculous
thing that we're doing to kill out a good time today.
Here's Carlos with the mail today.
Look at that.
I bet you there's thousands of checks in there.
You think?
No.
No.
1-877-785-6345.
That's the number to dial.
When I have to say one, it goes to Shorya.
I'm not thinking like too much of some of those people out there in Radio Land.
877-785-6345.
Never overestimate.
You know how that goes.
Never estimate.
Here's a lady in poor Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, Neil.
How are you?
That's great.
Like the other, it took me a long way to get through to you.
Then it did when I called ticket master.
I was on hold for about three hours and they were sold out.
My daughter's 12 and she loved the Back Street Boys and I'm 46 and I love the Back Street Boys.
There you go.
57 and I love the Back Street Boys.
How do you like that?
We even drove out to the rectal center yesterday.
There was a snowball of chance and hell that we could get anything but of course we couldn't.
Right.
It was a group of little girl screaming and waving.
That is more common.
In the afternoon screaming Back Street Boys, Back Street Boys.
Really?
Yeah.
It was a little group of all screaming and waving things.
So I would love to get them a list if I could.
You got it.
Thank you.
Hang on. Good luck.
Okay, there's a very nice lady online tree there.
She would like to get there on the list.
Seven minutes still new and at 560 WDQYM.
You know, I think I'm going.
Of course, you know, I probably could still get in there in our sky box there and be up there with some of my good friends like Screw Anne.
Some of my close personal friends like Greg Reed.
Like, uh, Role.
Yeah.
So many of my other close personal friends from this, do you want?
Here's North Miami.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
I got a seven year old daughter who would just absolutely love to go to that concert.
I was hoping to maybe get on the list and then I had something else to tell you.
Okay.
You were talking about Kid Curry and who was the name from the past.
What happened to Anna Osquie?
Anna Osquie.
Remember that?
I heard that she remarried some guy with a lot of money.
We slept Kid Curry out.
That's what I hear.
Really?
I know.
I heard you say Kid Curry before.
Some guy with a lot of money who was in the broads with big asses.
Yeah.
My daughter dances to that in her dance class and she absolutely loves it.
And I try to get stickers and I couldn't.
I'd love to get on the list and get it on the table.
Hang on a mingle.
Thank you.
Hold on.
Okay.
I get them on the list.
Oh, right.
I'm going to run into highs and it's leaving my name.
Oh, my God.
Yeah.
Oh, my God.
Okay.
Let's take your call from where is it?
Coral Springs, mobile and Coral Springs.
Hello.
Neil, hi.
How are you doing, sir?
Great.
A couple of things I've been trying to get in to talk to you last week but your phones were so screwed up.
Oh, please.
But you were talking about Lent a couple of weeks ago.
Right.
Trying to find out what it was.
I was trying to find out exactly what Lent was and how long it wasn't my guess which I was pretty sure was 40 days and even good cat leg
Georgia sits in there.
He didn't have any idea about Lent.
I have a neighbor that told me and he said that Jesus had been in a cave for 40 goes into a cave for 40 days and after 40 days on Easter
he comes out and sees his shadow and there will be six more weeks of winter.
Yeah.
That's where it was.
Groundhog Jesus.
Yeah, I believe it.
Isn't that interesting by the way 40 days on land and also remember the flood with no it was 40 days in 49.
Wasn't it but it was raining was poor over here.
Yeah, I got a 40 fix.
See, originally on Hanukkah I think what happened is that the oil lamp lasted for 40 days but they figured that's too long for a holiday even for the Jews so they narrowed it down to eight.
That was too expensive for 40 days.
Right.
That's what they give for 40 days.
That's right.
Jesus yeah.
Also, I had a question.
When you watch Oprah and I don't well if one watches over if I watch Oprah I
keep my guts out.
Black people with a lot of money call themselves people of color.
How come it's wrong to call them colored people anymore but they call themselves people of color.
I just call them sparkes which is a nice blanket.
No, I covers everybody.
What's wrong with that?
That's not bad.
Uh huh.
It works.
Well, I would love to get myself on the list with my daughter who's 13.
Perfect age for the backseat boys.
I tell you I lived through this once before when my other daughter was in love with the new kids on the box.
Oh my goodness.
Well, I mean this is deja vu all over again.
Except these kids can sing.
Hang on.
Okay.
Yeah, these kids can sing in spite of what George would tell you.
Okay, whether you like some or not.
Also, it lasted already like five years long and this kids out of line.
You could have quick enough Jordan night.
Okay.
They said much more night, don't you?
That stands back and I can't stand it.
Yeah, that's what they said about Jordan these days.
Oh no, stop, stop.
Okay, come down.
Let me put these seven at five sixty Q.A.M.
This is five sixty Q.A.L.
I can see you at the end.
My head is in 40.
I can't stand it.
I can't stand it.
I can't stand it.
I can't stand it.
I can't stand it.
I can't stand it.
I can't stand it.
I can't stand it.
I can't stand it.
I can't stand it.
I can't stand it.
I can't stand it.
I can't stand it.
I can't stand it.
I can't stand it.
I can't stand it.
I can't stand it.
I can't stand it.
I can't stand it.
I can't stand it.
I can't stand it.
I can't stand it.
I can't stand it.
I can't stand it.
I can't stand it.
I can't stand it.
I can't stand it.
I can't stand it.
I can't stand it.
I can't stand it.
I can't stand it.
I can't stand it.
I can't stand it.
I can't stand it.
I can't stand it.
I can't stand it.
I can't stand it.
I can't stand it.
I can't stand it.
I can't stand it.
I can't stand it.
I can't stand it.
Who might have acted in the past, 60, but I know this.
Jesse, the body, the body, was on every Sunday morning talking.
That's how it was.
I still like it.
He still basically tells it like it is and says,
to you guys, I've gone air Jesse. By the way, speaking of slaughterhouse,
Sacramento, California, a man shot and killed
five of his children before fatally shooting himself in a head saturday.
Two of the man's other children managed to escape one by jumping out of the apartment's bathroom window,
neither was injured. Police went to the family, so I have to receive a 9-11 calls from neighbors
after 4 p.m. The officers forced open the lock door and found the six bodies.
Three more. Thank you.
I can tell you it was a gruesome scene, said Lieutenant David Peroll, the man identified
by TV station KXDL as cow shong. Apparently got into an argument with his wife before the shootings.
Police said the five children were aged between two and eight. The youngsters who escaped were 9 and 14.
Police believe a shotgun and a rifle found in the apartment were both used in the killings.
He was mad at his wife apparently, this Indonesian guy. How about you, pardon?
I saw her don't know whatever. Oh, you see it? He was mad at his wife?
She wasn't even there by the way. No, no. She got home after it was all over.
Oh my god. What a mess. That'll show her. Yeah. She's gonna have to clean it now.
What was his name? Dung shopping? Something like that. Never trust a guy named Dung.
Okay, we got about 20 minutes to go here. 25 minutes and then we'll do the big drawing and we'll pick a number
and somebody will be associated with a number and somebody will win a ticket and they'll come and pick them up
and they'll go and have a great time and they'll call tomorrow and say,
oh, thank you, Neil. God, that was great. I'll feel pretty good about it. Huh?
It'll make me feel like I did something positive and useful besides just coming in and make a few bucks here today.
Here's North Miami. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. All right. 36-year-old male. I took my eight-year-old last night to see the Backstreet Boys.
All right. That's twice I've seen them. The show is excellent. It's actually in the realm.
Right. And you are a fool for not going.
And for all the people who I've just pathetically listened to for the last hour, especially that lady that said that she went there to get ticket.
There were people selling tickets outside. I don't know how. I guess it's all over.
But I sure hope whoever gets these tickets doesn't mind up scalping them. I'll tell you that.
Well, sir, I will just say that yes, I will go again if you will put me on the list and I will drag my eight-year-old one more time
because they were excellent to sound. It was in the realm. Anybody that I haven't heard one person call and explain the whole set of tickets.
I will set that up. And I don't believe any of these people are true Backstreet Boys.
Backstreet Boys. You got it. Can I get on your list?
Okay. And George, what can we say?
He's going to be the one to take your name so say something nice. I will.
Okay, hold on. Okay, Neil. What can we say?
There you go. He's probably going to scalp. Don't you think?
I don't care. That's up to you. I mean, if you get a grand of peace, I'll take care.
Yeah. See, I could have done that myself. I could have probably come on here and said, hey, we'll give it to cheer you in and light about it or something like that.
Or I could let our management do that. They're real good at that. They've got a lot of experience.
Oh, right. Yeah. Doing stuff like that.
Oh, God. Am I glad I did this?
Oh, what? I'm getting arthritis just from doing this.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing today?
Pretty good. Listen, well, I'll definitely be out again. I'm going to, you know, I'm trying to get one of your keychains.
I worked not before away from the radio station.
Yeah. And I'm trying to get one of those keychains for myself, but it's kind of difficult.
I don't know. In fact, it would probably be a good idea if he went right out here on the corner for four or four years.
Obviously, he goes out because we don't usually do too much in this year. And every time we do, we get tremendous turnout because amazingly enough, we got some audience in this net.
Yeah. We do something right by the station or something.
Well, whenever whenever he's going to let you know ahead of time, but whenever he goes out this week, I'll have him do it right out here.
Great. And I'm 36 years old. I want to go see the back street boys.
Really? Yeah. How much are you going to get for the tickets? No, no, no. I want to go see it.
Who are you going to take? My son, my daughter. I have a whole pasta here.
Okay. Hang on, pal. Okay. We believe him? No.
We don't care. Like I said, once you get the tickets in your hand, do whatever you want. You can even stick them in your...
Correct. I'm going to be like with them. Okay. I'm just hoping to do something nice for somebody for just once in my life.
Just like I'm waiting for them to do something nice for me here on this radio station. It's amazing. The phone works today.
Lines are all smoking. They're holding on forever today. How do you like that? Do you think this is going to last? No.
No. No.
Day after day, week after week, month after month. You know, if I'm going to cook up a gourmet dinner in this restaurant, I've got to have electricity.
I've got to have a stove that works. I've got to have a refrigerator.
And the same here in this radio station, but the problem being they don't get it. They don't understand it.
Does Greg read the way to talk radio? No.
Does he know anything about like non-talk radio about anything? No.
Is that guy's being a glorified salesman? No. Doesn't get it.
Here's a mobile in homestead. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir.
I'm an employer firefighter. I'd love to get on your list for my 14 and 11 year old. I would take them there and wait for them outside.
Really? Yes, sir. And then you could watch out for like any fires.
Oh, well, unfortunately, I'm an employer right now. Or you could just like slide up and down the roof.
We got some interesting polls outside the arena there. Oh, yeah. I'm a big arena.
Okay, hang on pal. Appreciate it. Thank you.
Thank you. Okay. There's a guy that needs our help. Okay. He needs our help. He said he'd be willing to like scale throws. He's not employed.
Eight minutes past noon at 560 WQA. I'm like.
I'm going to the mall ghost. I'm going to the mall ghost. I'm going to the mall ghost. I'm going to the mall ghost. I'm going to the mall ghost. I'm going to the mall ghost. I'm going to the mall ghost. I'm going to the mall ghost. I'm going to the mall ghost. I'm going to the mall ghost. I'm going to the mall ghost. I'm going to the mall ghost. I'm going to the mall ghost. I'm going to the mall ghost. I'm going to the mall ghost. I'm going to the mall ghost. I'm going to the mall ghost. I'm going to the mall ghost. I'm going to the mall ghost. I'm going to the mall ghost. I'm going to the mall ghost. I'm going to the mall ghost. I'm going to the mall ghost. I'm going to the mall ghost. I'm going to the mall ghost. I'm going to the mall ghost. I'm going to the mall ghost. I'm going to the
mall ghost. I am going to the mall. I'm going to the mall. I'm going to the mall. I'm going to the mall. I'm going to the mall.
Yes sir. Are you today great? Just going to let you know I want a
three key change over the internet how to send their address locally in Miami
four days no problem all right all right great and just have a Merry Christmas
okay good work God bless you pal yeah and don't repost too many Americans there
you go from the Bahamas mine yeah I'm a Ziggin people listening over there
they all have largely in their heart but we love them five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line Hank Goldberg at
Chula State to Hank with that word five Luke Shamby at six Monday that
football Vikings at the Buckingeers tonight eight forty five what the hell
more could you want like maybe a life here's Pompano hello welcome
the El yes sir how you doing long time long time listener all right I wanted to
get on to that list if I could all right all right all right all right and I'm
not gonna scalp them in there for me I wanted to tell George that I went to a
record store and I was picking up limp biscuit and kid rock and I went to get the
backstreet boys millennium for my girlfriend right needless to say I stuck
that in a CD player also and just started listening to that one and they grew on
me and now I'm a fan how do you like that George and this guy's got a girlfriend
he says yeah even though his girlfriend's name is Ed I do and she's very
volumptuous towards his liking there you go and volumptuous yes so maybe if you
win the ticket you might share is that what you're saying I got it okay hang on
pal not if you're smart okay there you go take care of that guy and his lovely
lady friend you know what I'm saying how's that Marsal Lunar landed by
you what how's it doing oh no I was doing baby no getting any signals back no no
they're still sitting there waiting man they're still sitting there they got
their ear to the thing and they're like looking around and twiddling their
thumbs and like oh what do we do now yeah we don't hear too much here's a
mobile in North Palm Beach hello Neil yes sir we're on a beard on hold how you're
doing pretty good let's see oh 22 minutes and seven seconds is crazy
well I'm Italian so I'm going to be here anyway have a little bit of material to
give you first about your just even to her comment you know when you
originally made that religious comment you know I applauded him and I thought
you just stand up guy but the news been funded by Chris Matthews on hardball he
really backped all that yeah they forced him into a position and just like
they asked him yesterday I think it was Tim Ross had asked him when you'd be
going to church you know this Christmas and he said yeah you I usually go to
church on the holidays you know I mean I you know why he was doing that I don't know but I mean he
he says a lot of great stuff but he realizes now he's in a position that this is a
country where you just can't say the truth which is a shame really is but I want to
personally thank you for turning me out to the Tom Green show right now I heard you
mention that I hate him to be like boys and I turn out but I left my ball walk every
time I was like this only the last show that I saw this weekend no wait that's
where you're wrong that was his one of his best shows I guess I didn't watch long enough
huh oh did you see where you dressed up like like a like a alien and was
humping it out already in the in the past year right you saw that you didn't
think that was funny now why may have seen him do that thing with you know
looking the teeth and that well yeah I guess the the one with the the count the
adult group on the a picker phone I never got to see that I love that was great
but that show was great I was one of the best I wish they'd play like a marathon
or something on MTV they are the best Tom Green stuff a guy one of our listeners
sent me the tape from the old comedy that work you know and when Tom was
still doing the show up there in Canada I didn't know he's got before MTV
decided to store his show and then the whole tape is like just full of these
30-minute shows like a whole like about a dozen of my guests and just the best I
mean hysterical what kind of easy from I think he's from Ottawa he's great
and what's out is every time a show starts getting good you know it turns
corporate and then the neuter the yeah yeah MTV sooner or later MTV
destroys everything it touches it really is but I guess I'm fresh out I want to
say that alien episode if it ever comes on again you gotta watch it's a little
bit juvenile but that's a lot for you know and like great night towards that
when he I eat this is off the old people in the end and they start screaming
at him and he chases him into the parking lot with the alien dollars it's
priceless humor okay keep that short religion all right behind you all right see
a good day yeah poor Jesse he said religion is for weak-minded people it's a
crutch and it's the god damn truth and of course here we are I ask on Friday
about this Hanukkah business what then they yesterday yesterday I see on
television to show all these people in shul first of all is this a bit of a
religious holiday oh well what's the point what is the big Simmons with this what
are they doing and they're doveting in their hockey and a china and they're
singing the song Dreadel Dreadel Dreadel and their spin in the Dreadel and like
Ed Kaplan's got the overs and under on the on the Dreadel spin what is it all
about oh it's tradition we've been doing it for thousands of years well stop
already okay get a new tradition go do something worthwhile go to something
that's really enjoyable and stop trying to convince yourself this is a lot of
fun oh it's so much fun with a little kids in the Dreadel's no it's not like it's
it's the kagas is the answer to the Easter egg hunt this is the counterpart to
it the Dreadel's in the Hanukkah guilt here's a mobile in pompano hello hello
yes sir Neil how you doing well I'm a lot of times never gonna get through now I'd
have to get my name on that list if possible okay after 22 minutes and 15
seconds I guess you probably should well hopefully I'll win because I really
need them for for my wife for your wife well you actually were separated but
for yet that's one of the things we have in common so maybe I can use this
to break the ice well we have what in common but that's three points yeah how much
are you going to get for the tickets huh no no no no no how much will I give
no I say how much are you gonna scalp them for no no no no no I'm trying to do
acceptance with the ice how I see okay do we believe that George no but hang on
yes he's gonna scalp you're gonna scalp him that's all right like I said once they're in
your hands do whatever you want with the used ticket I'll do that too if you like okay
19 past noon as the tension continues mounting and building in here is our good close
friends from Atlantic City subs with the greatest damn stuff on the face of the
earth now what is that why do you have one in a bag there what is that like a
beach steak oh so now that you get special I get I get a hot one
here's for wealthy birthday here's for Lauderdale hello how you doing Neil pretty good sir
come and die and take my little sister to the she wants to go to the concert of birthdays next
week my parents couldn't afford to get her tickets so a lot of thought it was worth a shot
mean your parents wouldn't go spend two grand for a couple of tickets of course it's wrong with them
take my shoes but if you kind of love to be in the list how old is your sister sir 13 13
perfect okay hang on thanks still okay so desperate yeah and I will say this even George
likes that song he he admits to it I'm sure there's probably other songs that he likes that
they've done behavior admits to that which for him is quite you know that's quite a
concession from a hardass little spick who thinks he knows something about music and he doesn't
here's a lady in bokeh hello hey Neil how are you great I have a 14 year old daughter with a walking
disability and she said this would be her all-time dream to have the front row seats for the back
street boys yeah she says she wants it that way she's a walking disability yes what is that
and she just turned 14 on Friday wow so speed all the odds uh-huh and I'm trying real hard to get these tickets
for okay hang on sweetheart squeeze real hard hang on okay see I listen I believe anything I'm
gullible whatever stories these people make up that maybe and I don't want to sound insensitive
like if I question the the veracity of what you just said that makes me sound like an insensitive
son of a bitch which I probably am anyway to be honest with you no I'm really not actually I
find that the other people I don't want to mention George again as person on his birthday
but I just find generally speaking like some of the music I'll play every now and then like
that song by Westlife Jesus I I'll play stuff like that and I'm just so excited just to have the
opportunity to play because I know that FM in this market sucks number one number two the program
directors in this market they got no balls whatsoever and that's why they stick to the same 10 or 20
songs and they don't want to take any chances unless it's already an established hit and I
play something like that that I bring back from Europe that is so great and it's just uh nothing
nothing I mean once in a while I'll get a call from somebody saying oh that really sucked that's
the worst thing you ever played you know that I'll get but I just once for somebody to call and say
you know that was really fantastic working we get better working we hear that again that would
that never happen no no never never so the person that called before and asked about why this is
such a god damn negative pound maybe it's because there's somebody god damn negative people here
uh-huh that might have something to do with it you think that might have like a little bit to do with
uh-huh that could be because I still say this could be paradise it's not that I don't like this town
it's just that most of the people in its suck about 70 percent for example that thing I played
before about the shopping at the malls and everything let me say this yeah I understand it's Hanukkah
it's Christmas it's all this other stuff you got to go out there and do your shopping and schlep
around and buy your holiday gift but but as bad as you're driving usually is it is so unacceptable
right now it is unfrieking believable and as much as I enjoy living out there in Westbroward I just
want to turn to this when you live near the sawgrass on the weekend during holidays forget it
just close the door lock yourself in stir up on a lot of Ben and Jerry's ice cream and hope that
the ballgame is good which it was on yesterday and that's it just don't leave the house
I had to go to Walgreens to pick up a prescription yesterday I'm going to tell you just for my house
to knob hill and sunrise and back in the middle of the afternoon it was like the end of the world
it was like uh we were having a a bomb scare a massive evacuation something like that crazy people
slipping to the sawgrass look at what a lovely lunch we got there from Atlantic City sub
fairy neal can say lovely I can sit here's north mianny hello hi Neil yes i am I don't want tickets I
love to back to go but i'm sick and i can't go to the concert but just know that you know that I
can back from Vegas right and uh wouldn't there would my kids and a bunch of friends and I have
casinos and they had a great time for four days which is visited all the casinos they went to
Hoover Dam and and whatnot and we just had a great time I mean even the children which is 13
on 14 they hang out by themselves went to the arcade the treasure island in New York New York
and they had a great time what's not to like it's just unbelievable I would live you know there
in like a heartbeat okay feel better thank you feel better they had a great time in Vegas how do you
like that oh I'm gonna understand it don't understand it you got to go all the way out there you got
to get on some horse ball airline maybe do a stopover in Dallas or Atlanta takes seven hours to get
there just in order to have a good time spend an armoured leg to get there we're gonna have just
the equal good time here don't want to have a good time here doing that's all idea I've told you
that for years that's the mentality here especially the old parts and the religious fanatics and
all the other hypocrites and the right wing assholes like the bushmeister don't want you to have a
good time you're already getting the sunshine you're supposed to sacrifice where is there any
logic in that they say that in San Diego they say that in Hawaii this is the only place in the
world where the climate is pretty good where we don't have freezing snow and crap where you're
supposed to sacrifice something in exchange for a living where the climate's pretty good
what kind of bull crap is that and just to show you what a good guy and you see these last
people that are on there just go up and down the list and they'll write them down you know what I'm
saying because I don't have time to put them on here before the dry but they already been on
their waiting some of them like uh one 18 minutes and so on if they want to be on the list just
off the air what a nice guy in today how do you like that yeah come in here I don't ask for much
just give me a phone that works a few pieces of equipment that do what they're supposed to do
that's all it takes that's what it takes to do the new arrived your show that's all now we're
going to create a problem here you assholes but when you're working for people that haven't got a
clue more often than not you're tearing your twist and your kishkis up okay so we'll do the
drawing in a couple of minutes here and somebody who went to two back street boys tickets for the
concert tonight and I hope they have a spectacular time etc and so on and don't scout them for too much
beware of exploding balls
well they say I broke the law about a don't hurry but I swear my Bible says no
sure it's right there in the king jane don't pay 63 but I use my line item detail
you always really let me get you a chance of 42 times the info
though they say I run the country from inside my pants you could have been stuck with my dolls
you don't care who's right there
where I've been don't care if I've lied the people still love me
those who lie I've done where I've been don't care if I've lied as you all still love me
they've been talking about my appetites since my first turn and I don't think they mean
me
say I'm breezy
here
so
cancin
you don't care who I've done
not
no
All right, Bob Dole comes this meeting of the right wing conspiracy to order.
Bob, what are we gonna do about this man?
Here for me, why say we'd be taking him and put me in there?
Let me run back.
Bob Dole is the one the American people want.
I remember when I was president back in there.
Why don't you go back to late, Ron?
First, whatever happened to those photos of him and the newswoman, you said you had.
You were supposed to backstose him out.
Reat my left.
No nude facts, eh?
Well, we need something on this guy.
Bob Dole wants him out of the White House.
I remember when money and I were in the White House.
If I run he puts your hand on the paint.
I don't get it.
We caught this guy literally with his pants down, but people just don't care.
You don't care who I've done, where I've been.
Don't care if I fly, because you also love me.
Who's been screwed if I've been to lose.
I am still the answer.
America loves me, who I've lived.
Who I've been.
Don't care if I've lied, because you also love me.
Who's been great, who I've been to.
I won't be anything, because you're all making money.
Well, 33 at 5.60 WQM, you know what sound nice everybody is on these days, on these very
rare, rare days, like once about every two years now that I give something away, because
we don't give crap away any more.
Notice how nice everybody is.
Friendly, happy, desperate.
Did you mention that the list was shut down by the way?
Oh, the list is shut down by the way.
So these people will stop calling.
So quit bugging George, please.
Especially on his birthday.
Don't bug a guy on his birthday, please.
Okay?
Call if you want to speak to me, but we're not taking any more because we're doing the drawing
right now.
Oh, out of my old Yarmulka.
Look what this Yarmulka did for me on Whammy, too, by the way.
Yeah, that's right.
I go to show you all you people with your Hanukkah crap.
Whammy!
Get it!
They still got a one-shear.
And if you took the heat games away, they probably owe points.
I better miss these up a little bit, okay?
Just give it out the number.
We're not giving no name out on here, and then George will call and make sure that the
person who has number three.
Oh, really?
Don't be looking like you're going to give the name out on here.
It's about the first name.
I beg your pardon.
Can we give their first name?
It's a very common name.
No!
Then they'll make up a last name and with my luck, it'll be the right one.
Why do you want to give a first name out?
Why don't you just give a...
A guy.
It's a guy, yeah.
Don't give any names out, okay?
I want this is $2,000 worth of tickets here based on this calping price.
I don't want some shmuck coming in here and grabbing up a hopper up a bunch of stuff.
He just compulsive.
He can't help himself, okay?
Number three, and George will call and find out where and who and what this guy is all
about.
And if he can kidnap a couple little girls and bring them there tonight.
And if so, fine.
And if not, we'll go back and draw another number.
So stand by, okay?
Stand by.
We'll give you the bad news in a moment because I'm sure the guy will be there waiting
with bells on.
Here's the call in Lauderdale.
Hello.
How's it going?
Pretty good, sir.
I thought I'd never get through with all these people calling for backseat boys tickets.
You were on the list, though, weren't you?
Yes, I was.
You were number three, though, were you?
I probably not.
Damn it.
I know.
Hey, did you get to go to the concert last night?
No.
No, why not?
Well, see, the whole deal was that my tickets were for tonight and I thought they were for
last night.
Oh, really?
Because I had a couple of my buddies that went in the, I thought they had you going and
I had them yell, read your fudge pack and tell the backseat boys.
So I guess you're not going tonight, huh?
No.
Can you get a couple of your fudge packs into the backseat boys?
Okay.
He's just obsessed.
This guy is a good guy.
Looks pretty good.
I'll turn to that.
He's just obsessed.
Were you fudge packing?
Were you fudge packing?
Were you fudge packing?
One more.
Come on.
Were you fudge packing?
Thank you.
Obsessed.
I'll guarantee you next year, whoever is here, if they put that on the key chain.
Yeah, right after oil, if they put it on their fudge packing after that.
It's still about 50,000, amazing.
Better get that straight now too with Carol Rodger, good friends at center one about something
with those key chains because the nephew says they're almost gone.
And I said, well, what does that mean?
Well, there was only a thousand to begin with.
Well, let's get another thousand and he's gone, but it'll be, but let's just do it.
Get on the horn there with Carol over there at center one.
We got 25 days left in December.
In fact, I think what we ought to do is probably on another Tuesday night do another pizza
loft thing before the month is out to make up for the fact that our sales department is
bitterly let us down this year and drop the ball totally.
They were too busy selling out God and bogus golf tournament.
Yeah, selling those promos.
That's a problem with our sales department.
When it comes to getting us an appearance, it's like in a real place.
Pretty difficult to do.
So I think maybe on a like a week from Tuesday night, week from tomorrow night, do another
pizza loft deal and have a whole bunch of key chains out there.
We're going to raise another 10, 20 grand easy, easy.
If you just do it right, get the stuff.
Don't, oh boy.
Here's Fort Myers.
Hello.
What's up, Neil?
How are you doing, sir?
All right.
Happy birthday, George.
Happy birthday, George.
All right.
Hey, Neil, I got a question.
What is going on with Donald Trump?
What is it with his idiot trying to do?
There can I give you a three letter word?
Oh, ego.
I mean, I just, I do another three letter word.
Ask.
I just call, I just, I went through the details of that tax plan.
Yeah.
You know, I mean, people would just afford the stock market to try to get out, get their
assets out, move them overseas with that tax.
Mm-hmm.
I mean, that's good to me.
Well, I mean, I think he's trying to get away with it just because he's rich.
I mean, he's an idiot.
He's a moron.
He's a vacuomate, okay?
Who's the walks around?
See, this is the new deal in America.
If you got a lot of money, you think all of a sudden you're a tell me president.
Whether it's a little B.D. odd Ross Perot or Donald Trump or some of these other ass,
or Warren Bady.
For Steve Florida.
For Steve Florida.
Who, who's the other one?
Steve Ford.
Steve Fall, yeah.
Oh, forget that.
Yeah, I don't know.
He doesn't even have enough common sense to get his zits removed, you know?
Yeah, it was funny.
I was watching Steve Bay there a day and there were a lot of colors were complaining in, calling
and complaining that that chart they're Alan Keyes, they're then getting his due in
the media.
He's getting, you know, something the fact that they're putting him on there for even
three seconds, that's his due and then some.
Now, he reminds me of that JC Watts, the congressman from Oklahoma, the dark-complicated
ex-football playing sports.
Yeah, my mom was like, right in a self-hating piece of crap.
Who didn't use the play for?
Why didn't you put the player?
Yeah, I don't know who he played for.
I think he played with himself a lot lately.
Oh, okay.
I know well.
Anyways, because nonetheless, I'll tell you one thing, as much as I don't like the man, I
would not take Ross Perot for granted.
I am into the painting next year.
He's going to jump out into this thing because money talks and B.S. walks.
Yeah, that is what I do.
All right.
Well, nonetheless, I just want to tell you.
So what does that mean, though?
Well, just, I mean, just because he's going to take some votes.
Just like in 92, he's going to take some votes away from some people.
Yeah.
I just don't think anybody should take Ross Perot for granted.
As much as you and I may not like the man, I think it's cool if you take it for granted.
Yeah.
I don't know.
Well, you got to be about two feet tall.
It's difficult not to take it for granted.
You don't say?
You have to be about not to step on him.
Yeah, I hear you.
Or anyway, I just want to say it's obvious to me what is just on a different note.
It's obvious to me what a suckle, Kim Bo camper and Joe Rosarck.
Why is that?
Well, just be...
Okay.
I'm thinking of that.
He was not a long time before he finally said this.
Grab, yes.
I've already spoken to our winners so the people calling up going,
Did I win?
Was it me?
No.
No.
No.
No.
Was he you?
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
I'm going to take up the ticket.
By the way, here they are.
So it's all over with a nice corner, Neil.
By the way, you're going to make somebody happy.
Who is it?
Who is it?
Did he have a daughter or something?
Do we know what the...
What is it?
Do you remember who he was?
Yeah.
He made a dog guy with the daughter right.
Some straight guy?
Sounded.
Wow.
That's what he said.
They all do.
Well, this isn't the guy that had the 16-year-old football playing.
So it's got a boyfriend.
Now, I mean, stop that.
Well, yeah, maybe his son really would like to be on a wrestling team instead of the football team.
Maybe his son was wrestling with his conscience.
So the son was cute.
20-4-1 at 5-60 WQA in the heart.
No, it's got a fighting.
What a...
What a...
You're a wonder.
I mean, wow.
Wow.
You think blackmailing someone's no-one is going to...
A big blackmail through the special years
And talking between your eyes.
Through and...
You don't think blackmailing a charity is wrong.
You've been all of our...
And thought anybody is a child's bolting swan.
That's what it feels right.
What role does your aunt and son...
Watch that side.
You can't be close to me.
I...
You're something that's real right.
Right.
Screw it.
You'll be the big job right today.
I smack your hand
And bruise up your body the way you like.
All right.
Screw it.
You get my whole gill all in strong.
Get charity money to okay and no fairs at all.
You come and you wipe.
You just beat my son.
The kind of bitch we love.
You go out and do it right.
We got it big with no jacers now.
Go.
About 47 and 560 WQAM.
I want to tell you that the Atlantic City Sub's are good buddy Scott over there.
He's got great party players for the holidays.
I'll tell you who else has got great party players for the holidays.
They're buddy Chuck right over at the sub center.
If you're over here.
Well he's got that time on the side where he used to say for a good time listening to Neil.
But he wants to use it now to promote his holidays stuff.
And why not?
So that's the sub center on the corner of 441 and I was very good buddy Chuck.
And also our friend Scott over Atlantic City Sub's which is up there in Hollywood.
3355 Sheridan Street.
Great stuff.
Unbelievably.
Great.
You can smell it probably right over the air now.
Fantastic.
Unbeatable.
Thanks Scott.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello my on.
Yes sir.
It sounds like you.
Hey how you doing Neil.
I'm American.
Hungry.
And I mean hung as in the origin not the you know what I'm saying.
Yeah.
And I had a revelation last night.
And it's about religion I'm wondering.
People like Gandhi and Martin Luther King would they be saints if they were you know 2000 years ago when people were uneducated and.
And no communication and.
Because it seems like you know back then.
Gandhi might have been because they like people addressed like that you know.
Well I mean they like them for you know looking under the scarred not for you know what he was spouting out of his mouth.
Mm hmm.
I just like the Pope same of the Pope they look like I'm like looking out of the dress but they don't want to hear the message.
There you go.
Hey the other one is is.
Uh if he is our father then that means the big bang was when he got his rocks off right.
Uh huh.
Oh god.
Yeah.
There you go.
Every now and then we have a recurrence ever see those volcanoes like in Hawaii.
Oh wow.
I mean he must have some hot chicks up there.
I think maybe I should turn into a Catholic just to go.
I see if they'll share a little bit with me.
Well the Catholics got the hot chicks in the altar boys to take your pickpile.
Have a great day.
Good luck here.
56670560.
0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a call from homestead.
Hello.
Yeah and what's up?
How you doing sir?
All right remember that's what you were talking about uh things you like about your show and things you don't like watch your show.
I was.
Uh maybe not.
But 56670560.
0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
How long do you wait for that?
Not long enough.
Well of course he's in homestead.
You know what their uh middle initials in homestead?
Yeah.
Yeah.
They're not doing quite so well since that hurricane you know.
But they'll do apologies.
56670560.
0560 on the AT&T line.
What's the difference in the amount of calls here now is uh from the first two and a half hours you want me talking about?
Uh huh.
Yeah.
And by the way there's still calls.
And by the way what are they still calling for?
Women mostly.
Bang a log.
I mean is it too late or you still giving the tickets away is it too late?
It's too late.
Yeah.
Is it too late?
Yeah.
Are they gone?
Yeah.
Is somebody getting them all out?
Do we have any more?
No.
Oh okay.
Stop.
Stop.
Oh I will say this uh of course because we have far more men listening than women all the time.
They outnumber them dramatically.
Most of the callers we had for the freebies were men.
And here's Evan Tura.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Hey how you doing Neil?
Okay.
I spoke to George before and I wanted to tell him that you know happy birthday.
Happy birthday George.
And also I miss you from watching you on WAMI.
I was talking to George before about that.
Yeah.
And he was telling what happened there but you know I first of all I think you know you've got the best personality in the East Coast.
I don't know about the West Coast.
That's what I always say.
Yeah I was born down in my son in hospital.
That's a lot of people.
Well actually that show was an abortion.
That station is an abortion.
That station was very much like this radio station.
They had something good there only they didn't know how to present it.
Well how can we get?
They made it all right.
They're like this radio station.
They made no effort.
They just thought they could throw a bunch of crap on there.
Yeah.
The people couldn't see, couldn't hear and just slap it on there and they would get an audience.
They didn't work that way.
I'd say you know I'm upset because I've been going through the bathroom games in 1972 but you can talk about anything to you.
I'm still upset about that game yesterday but you know talking to you and listening to you make make somebody feel better.
Number one not just about the game.
Number two is you have the best personality in that I've ever heard of.
Anybody that's on television or any on radio.
How was there a little while but you say what you feel and that's what this country is all about.
Libertism freedom.
And how can I you know my brothers love you my parents love you.
We were watching you on whammy.
How can we get to either who can we call a whammy or any other television to get you back on.
Can't do it.
It won't happen.
No.
You want to be on TV?
What?
Would you want to be on TV?
No.
You wouldn't want that.
Not here.
What would be the benefit?
What is the benefit?
I mean the amount of money that I was making from that show you could stick in a you know in your back dome have changed you know.
I don't know if you make money on TV then the radio.
No.
There was no money in that thing was like like I said pocket change.
So more on the radio you're saying of course.
Well as long as I can hear you if I can't see on TV I can hear you.
Okay.
The great.
Okay.
Okay.
I'm going to go tell myself off right now.
Woo.
Heavy duty baby.
And now for your stockings.
56670560.
On the AT&T wireless.
I've got 1670 on the open lines here.
By the way bad news.
Empty seats cause concern says.
Bob McKenzie in the hockey news.
I'm going to tell you this.
A lot of empty seats all over the league.
And guess which team is like second to last in terms of the worst attendance drop from last year this year.
Worst is the Washington caps.
They got that North Arena downtown.
Is anybody going?
No.
No.
Their average attendance was 17.
55 last year in the old joint this year in your new place 12200 they're down 32%
Oy, the Washington caps.
32% Oy, an effect of course they moved downtown where nobody wants to go in DC.
And the fact they got a very boring a trapping team.
Anybody want to go see them?
No.
They were just here Saturday.
Throughout played the hell out of us.
Thank God for Trevor kid baby.
But Florida number 26 in other words the second worst decline in the league.
The Panther attendance has declined 17% from last year to this year, from 1855-58 average
last year to 50-428, which we didn't make on Saturday, by the way, down 17%, down well
over 3,000 a game average.
Have we had one sell-out this year?
No.
No.
And I'll say it again, they've outpriced the public, they've squeezed as much blood as
they can get out of a rock and there's nothing left.
Just can't get any more away, and I'm sorry, Bolly, but they haven't got any money left.
They hand over to it, not to mention the crappy food, overpriced.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18T line, here's Naples, hello.
And you, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
I got it.
You got one.
All right.
My keychain.
Great.
After about two and a half weeks, it finally came out of that Friday.
I've been having so much fun with this thing, it's unbelievable.
Everybody should have one.
I'm amazed that we don't have another box coming in already with at least another 2000.
I've got a suggestion.
Yeah.
It wouldn't mind.
If I would be willing to pay up to another 20 bucks for one of these things, if you could direct the sound that you wanted, the particular sound you were looking for, instead of just pressing it and being at the random selection, the mercy of the machine.
Yeah.
You think that'd be possible?
Well, I don't understand what you mean.
In other words, I have different buttons on there.
Yeah.
They maybe have like four buttons in each corner.
And two modes.
No, you can switch.
Yeah, that would have been more expensive than we want to maximize the profit of the charity.
I think that's why people would trust me.
What is it?
I think people would spend the extra money.
I know I would.
Yeah.
Because I'm doing the Neil Rogers show all over town.
Which one did you want most of the time?
Like that one or...
I like to be able to come up with the one.
I like that.
My daughter likes that one a lot.
And of course, I like rectum.
And...
What did you say this man just said he likes...
He likes rectum.
You're like that.
Wow.
Better trace this call.
Alright, that's okay.
You're over on the West Coast.
Okay, so it keeps moving away.
Good luck to you.
Wow, this guy's this guy out of control or what?
Yeah.
Okay, we just heard from one of the beesleaves, obviously.
He said he likes rectum.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
How come the Leavian boat has been on there for like forever?
He's had you hang it on here for about five hours.
Oh, I'm just waiting to talk to you, Neil.
There you go.
Yeah, I'm not going to lie.
I wouldn't mind having back street tickets.
But you know what?
Couldn't get him.
You can do it.
You know?
Why did you give him your best shot?
Just like that guy in California.
So, something like that.
What I'm calling about is this guy is proceeding me on this line from Fort Myers.
He was talking about Donald Trump or Trump.
The thing is going on is he's got a book coming out in January.
So, he wants to play everybody on this presidential deal till February.
So, that way his book sales will go through the roof and Mr. Trump will make some more money.
So, you know, that's the deal with him.
Yeah, I can't wait to subsidize Donald Trump.
Not.
I mean, such a boring guy.
I mean, okay, he made a lot of money, but so did Ross P. Roe make a lot of money, and they're both boring.
Absolutely.
And if you notice, he needs to hear a piece in the very worst way.
Desperately, he needs to go see Chuck Alphierre, badly.
He's got like a two-foot piece of hair that he twists around his head.
Right.
I mean, what's up with that?
His hair looks like Igor's.
He's more of a Halloween person than a Christmas person.
Right.
Well, you buy the book and let me know how you like it.
I don't think so.
Okay.
Have a great day.
You too.
1257 at 5.60 QIM.
Oh, I'm going to strut.
What the hell am I doing here?
For Peacillop, no less.
Whatever happened to our good buddy, Jeff Cohen and Peacillop, that we haven't seen in the coolant's age, huh?
He called this morning and said, happy birthday.
Come over and eat for free.
There you go.
Like I said, I think a week from tomorrow, we ought to go over to Peacillop and do another appearance.
Only, though, only if we can get a whole bunch of keychains.
How long did it take to get those made up?
100 years.
Remember that was a problem.
We kept waiting and waiting.
There was all these snags.
Yeah.
We ordered a new batch.
It's going to at least be another month or the other.
Can we look into that?
Can we at least make the minimal effort to plan out?
I think we'll already have as I was discussing with Carol on that.
And the thing and no, there's no way that it's going to make it before the end of the year.
Like I said, we won't be at Peacillop next week, but not just the one to two hour.
It's a phenomenon.
My name is Barry.
You can call me Barry.
I'm just style to my hair.
And like leather everywhere, I can dance the song.
And do the round.
So why used to be a star?
He's more popular by far than fire.
I learn that by your effort to make this go.
Now I'm singing my new song on the radio.
It's a copper.
Copper de la vida.
I'm a hip-shaking dancing Latino.
I'm just like Mickey Martin.
It's a copper.
Copper de la vida.
I'm a hip-shaking dancing Latino.
I'm copper.
Copper de la vida.
I'm just like Mickey Martin.
I'm a hip-shaking dancing Latino.
Okay, get the hook.
103 at 560.
WQM is our big one to two hour.
Give away a pair of backstreet boys tickets for tonight's big concert.
The Macarena.
Did we hear from anybody?
Was it the concert last night?
No.
Maybe one, I think.
And then John Penis, who was in here begging for those tickets, pleading carrying on like a child.
And guess what, John?
The answer is still 560.
560.
560 on the AT&T line.
877.
785.
Neil.
877.
785.
6345 on a world-famous America line.
Here's Pepper Pines.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
First off, I want to say, you know, the best time that you play a man is you, I don't have a
hurry in ages.
The one we're talking about, cream on the wall as far.
Not going, running up the bus.
Do you know that?
You know what I'm talking about, you know?
Yeah.
Okay.
That's the one that should be on the key.
But that's not, we wouldn't need that to be on a key.
That's the whole long thing.
Well, no, that's not a sound.
Well, that's just like a four-second clip right now.
Oh, okay.
I'm looking for it now.
I'm still waiting.
I don't know where it's going.
It's going down and two to go.
35 seconds.
I'm going to hand off the bar.
It's going to back up a little.
Now go left side.
East of the 25th of the 20th of the 15th.
That was through the ribbon effort by Queen that first of all.
The way was designed to go right up the bus, right up the bus.
And he picked it outside.
He wasn't clear about Lisa's containment on that one.
What are you giving them about Billy Bob?
Not me.
Yeah, that's only 35 seconds.
Well, I'm sorry.
But, you know, I was just thinking that you could put the part where he says,
come on over the bar after button and nothing got you.
Or you could use a play like men and they look like women.
That's better.
Yeah.
Well, that does satisfy, like I think a lot of the reporters more like, you know, especially Danny Boyz.
But I want to let you know.
Thanks for orgasms.
I think four points.
Yeah, I know that's not.
But, well, I'm safe, but I have to do speech last week in one of my college classes.
This phone line is like the end of the world, and I'm sure it's your phone line.
Okay.
Is that a little bit better?
No.
Well, I did do speech last week and I did it on legalization of prostitution.
Yeah.
And I had some effing bitch, you could say, I used the analogy of Amsterdam.
And she said, Amsterdam's the dirty sea.
I said, F views, you little whore.
Yeah.
And they kind of like that.
Well, what do you mean it's a dirty city?
Well, that's my folder.
And you know where she was from?
Germany.
I was like, yeah, you know, that's the real thing.
And guess what?
The Dutch hate the Germans like poison, by the way, sir.
Exactly.
But I told her.
When you're somebody speaking German, your hair spins straight up on end.
I can't imagine why.
And she was fat, too.
Okay.
Okay, well get in the phone and call me back someday.
Wow, I feel so much better now.
We got the buzz off there.
Here's the buzz with Laurie Hibbert.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's a four-letter deal.
Hello.
What's just happened here?
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
I got my keychain.
I went down to see George in the fighter day.
And having a lot of fun.
And to that guy that says that it's random, well, if he would just cycle through the drops, it's not random.
Yeah.
Well, you see you're going too fast, or he's a little bit too slow for that.
Yeah.
Yeah, so that's a great deal.
I mean, you know, considering the fact that we've never had anything like this before, I think these are spectacular.
But leave it to somebody in this audience always to, you know, always have a complaint.
It's never good enough.
It's never the way they want it.
It's not a damn thing wrong with these except that we don't have enough of them.
Yeah.
A lot of them with a whole box load of them there on Saturday.
Yeah, but they're going like hotcakes, man.
No, but they're going like potato locusts at Hanukkah time.
Well, is that now?
Exactly.
Yeah.
So Neil, I was wishing you a Hanukkah Simka and happy quenching.
Okay, and Zagazan.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Let's give away another paratick.
It'll carry us up to two o'clock.
And see if I was smart.
I would have done like to about 140.
No, seriously, I would have just killed a whole Monday.
I couldn't do that though because I wanted to make sure that we got the winner before, you know,
given enough time to get out here and get the tickets.
Because you know this place, our office might have to close a little bit earlier today because we'll make up some reason.
Because maybe somebody tripped over the tile out there in the hallway.
Oh, yeah, we got a few tiles laid down in a hallway out there, you know.
The big project we got going.
We got about six tiles out there in the hallway in our 25-year project.
Here's a call in Davie.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Been a while since I heard you.
It's good to hear your voice again.
I am.
Three weeks in the Broward County Motel.
And if it wasn't for the crackheads and the past smokers that have about 10% to 10% less business.
Right.
Anyway, I just wanted to say it's good to hear your voice.
I survived without becoming a born again Christian.
Good.
And I'll be seeing you at the hockey game.
Okay.
And you understand you're only doing the five step program.
That's good.
Have a great day.
Okay, there's a guy who got out.
Yeah, let's get all those drug people in jail, baby.
Yeah, it's a big thing.
We got to get everybody that ever survived.
It's got like a pin joint in your anxiety.
You're all going to jail today.
Yeah.
You're going to holidays just in time.
That's what Ken Jenny says.
4,800 open lines.
5,670, 560, 05,560 on the AT&T line.
This is the Neil Roger show.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
Hi, everybody.
This is Jim Scully.
Are you ready to rumble with me in Las Vegas this Friday night for Slutfest 99?
It figures to be a wild time when all the harshan sluts and trailer parts came from the farthest corners of the US
and verge on the Vegas trip to kick off Slutfest 99.
I'll be there to give you all the play-by-play action in the oral and anal competition.
Some of your favorites slutching hars will be their buying, vacation, valuable prices.
Slutfest 99 is brought to you through the courtesy of 4 male sausages.
4 male, the name to remember when you want quality winners.
When you think we think 4 male,
we're all beef and pork products are slotted right on the premises.
As we say at the point, the sound of squealing pigs is music to our ears.
So remember to pencil in the day this Friday night at 10pm for Slutfest 99.
This is Sin Sparrow saying goodbye for now.
14 and 560 WQM to see the front page yesterday.
Today's Sun Central Wrong Side Mistakes and Surgery Shock Board as in...
Oh my God!
See that?
7 to 40 cases heard are connected to errors.
Errors! Oh my God, I made a little bit of mistake.
And then it goes down here and lists them on a nice surgery that they're doing around here.
I'm telling you, man, what have I always told you about eye-actrogenic diseases,
which are diseases or illnesses caused by doctors and in hospitals,
and about hospitals being the breeding ground for death.
Bacteria and death, including new strains of bacteria, that they can't get rid of.
One of the physicians who is pegged in this deal, Dr. Vincent Hans of Brandon,
who operated on a patient's right finger instead of the right middle finger,
which suffered from a trigger finger,
reprimanded fine 5 grand in order to attend continuing education,
undergo a quality assurance review and a given the finger.
Dr. David Kirk's Spiror of Winter Haven made an incision for mastectomy,
not only a small one, pectomy, and so these are minor ones.
Where's the good ones?
Here's a doctor in clear water performing an arthroscopic surgery on a wrong knee.
Here's Dr. Walter Chaung in Beverly Hills,
who initiated knee surgery on the wrong knee.
Dr. Francisco Borchai in Miami,
who operated on the rear rather than the front portion of a patient's heel,
he operated on his back dome rear.
Dr. Danielle Paul Greenwald,
a Tampa who operated on the wrong finger.
Dr. Horace Narell of Sarasota performed wrong-sided herniated dysbax surgery,
and a whole bunch of these other things, okay?
Which you've heard about these stories.
They took out the wrong lung.
The guy went in there because he wanted to have a, you know,
a cleft palate change, and they took out his kidney.
Just a little minor things like that.
Yeah.
The guy went in there, had like a nut impacted in his tooth,
they trapped his nuts off.
Just a little minor mistakes they make like that.
Here's a lady, mobile and pepper pines. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Happy birthday.
I have not had the pleasure of listening to you for a while,
but I didn't know that you had a birthday in November.
We both share the same month, so I...
Okay.
Same to you.
Long-fledged sentiments.
Listen, where's Henry these days?
Where's Henry?
Henry.
So, Henry.
Really?
Henry?
No, Henry!
In California where he has been.
Oh, he is.
Yeah.
Okay, I don't know what nut needs to stay down here.
Okay, enjoy the show.
I can listen to it.
Okay, thanks.
Okay, good new phone.
Like a wee story.
5670560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Are you sure positive?
Wow.
Here's Naples.
Hello.
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
And the funny thing is with those doctor stories is all the insurance companies
probably pay those claims, pay those doctors right away for those deals.
Well, Colin regarding the keychain.
I decided to throw in my two cents on the fact that next year if they get made or whatever,
if they could make them so that they run on a triple A's or something
because I already burned out my battery.
Really?
Yep.
And if you take it apart, it's calling for three like watch batteries.
And by the time I float the cash for three of them, it's both much of the keychain ones to be in with.
It is?
Wow.
So, if you start a couple of triple A's or something there, they'll all set and I could go on and do this.
Okay.
What's the thought?
We'll work on it.
Okay.
They're reinventing the car now is what they're doing.
They're reinventing the wheel, the car, the microphone, the telephone like they're doing here at QIM.
A week after a national Academy of Sciences report play medical errors because the more deaths nationwide
than breast cancer or highway accidents, Florida's Board of Medicine faced an unprecedented number of surgical error hearings,
how do you like that?
Let me say it again.
More deaths nationwide from medical errors than from breast cancer or highway accidents.
How do you like that, huh?
As your doctors go and...
Yeah!
Huh, how about that?
How about them road apples, huh?
And by the way, who's this guy from the today's show?
I never heard of this guy.
Like I busted on drug charges right here in town.
And you had to do a group?
Yeah, I never heard of him.
Sorry, I'm a couple of times.
He's one of those those...
I don't want to know why I never heard him because I don't want to see the day show.
I wouldn't watch the day show if you paid me by the minute.
God is at a bad show.
The wife keeps putting it on.
Why?
The bad show.
She got a thing from Matt Lauer rhymes with Salah.
She rhymes with Upland with the other guy.
Frank Gumball.
He's on channel four now.
And why is she like Matt?
She's like Matt?
No, she just likes those shows with the interviews and crowd.
Oh my God.
He's coming from the room.
It says the gadget guru needs a legal guru and he parked a long time consumer reporter known for his wacky
reviews of electrical gadgets on NBC's today show was charged with felony cocaine possession early Saturday morning.
Metro date police said right here in town.
Let's hear it.
Another feather in our cap.
Every time a jockey it's busted for drugs.
It's always down here on South Beach.
No matter what team they play for, no matter where they do in the world.
They're always busted down here.
Let's hear it baby.
We got the good stuff.
Yeah.
Park 45 was arrested at 309 a.m. in Sonny, Australia.
The police just north of Miami Beach was released on $50,000 bond four hours later.
He initially denied taking money then said the deal was done by his agent.
As agent does TV deals and drug deals.
What's wrong with that?
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Sure.
Hello?
Yeah, Neil.
You got me going on coq 10.
I'd like to find out how much you take.
How much do I take?
Yeah.
100 milligrams twice a day.
OK.
49.
And the results are, as you said, very happy with it.
Thanks a lot.
Great stuff.
Appreciate it.
I don't know if it's the, well, I'm sure that it's the drugs.
I've got everybody off of that drug and now they're going to blame me for the croak.
I'm trying to callister all stuff.
That was in that book by McCauley Culkin.
My life in drugs with Michael Jackson was not the name of the book.
Yeah.
You'll enter now to the Michael Jackson days by McCauley Culkin.
Said, do not take Pratocole and the Zocore, all of a sudden.
And I'm back in a Pratocole and my cholesterol is like a miracle, man.
So all I can do is report what's going on until they put me in the ground.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Palm 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you today?
OK.
I have a spy report for you.
There is Lawrence Taylor and Pedro Guerrero, both drug addicts and sellers are right now playing
golf at International Lynxon on 37th Avenue and 14th Street.
Great.
I mean, the Lynx wins the track.
The Lynx wins, I guess, huh?
Yeah.
That's what I got to tell you.
OK, thanks.
Go say how to OJ.
He's probably with it with him too.
And maybe he watches things.
Raw.
Maybe he's hanging out.
I'm going to go to the next one.
400 open lines.
Well, I'll tell you one thing.
It's a far cry from it.
All nine lines are all lined up.
Those guys didn't give away.
I think I'm just going to start doing giveaways every day.
That's the way to get the phone to ring.
Whether they work or not.
Just do giveaways every day.
Everybody's pleasant.
Everybody's just racing with the phone.
They'll hang on forever.
And then the sooner there's minutes that it's over, baby.
At the end of that, Adios.
Nice knowing you, Fatso.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5.
All those eight-zillion people I see at the Panther Games.
You're a big game like Saturday night.
And I mentioned the thing about the attendance there.
And about Trevor Kid.
And a whole bunch of other stuff.
Have they got anything to say about that?
No.
Just like I was telling Al Strack and Al Strack and I sat at a phone.
You can't complain about the hockey knowledge down here because there was a lot of nice people go to those games.
I meet a lot of very nice people there at the Macarena Airview game.
But their knowledge about the game is somewhat limited, I think you might say.
And they're not learning too fast.
It's kind of a slow process.
You follow my drift?
A slow process, baby.
Here's a call from Gamesville.
Hello.
Hey, Mel.
Yes, sir.
Did you happen to see the Florida Alabama football games?
No, I did not.
I was at the Panther game, I was going on.
Oh, well, who the Panther's playing?
I wasn't the...
Washington Crapidels.
Oh, that must have really brought everybody in.
It was okay. We had about 15,000.
It was all right.
I've never been to the NCRC.
I used to...
So then why do you say that in such a negative way like, you know?
I mean, I would have granted you the caps aren't that great of a draw.
But it seems that no matter who we play, the attendance is pretty much about the same.
Even if I've never been to the NCRC myself, but I figured you bring a decent team at Detroit, maybe...
No, they didn't sell off that game.
There was the biggest attendance, but the Ranger game they didn't sell out the flyer game they didn't sell out.
We haven't sold a game out this season.
People can't...
No, it's not terrible.
The people can't afford it.
They can't afford the punishment.
Number one, it's not a hockey town to begin with.
And number two, the public can't afford the punishment.
I don't blame them.
Oh, I wonder if you know that up here tonight,
get your coming to speak at U.S.
Heiner Kimler.
Almost as good.
Jesse Jackson.
No, not as good as Jesse.
Give me a clue.
Who's with the B?
Barton Corman.
Who is it?
Balpspot.
Balpspot, Larry King.
Longing, Cestida.
Yeah.
That would have...
Ross Barrow.
No, birthmark.
Birthmark.
What's his name?
Gorbachev.
Yep.
Really?
Yeah, he's coming to speak tonight free.
Gorbache...
Gorbachev, great.
We're on the forehead for us.
Oh, yeah, I can't wait.
We'll probably everybody's going to go.
It's in the basketball center there.
And it's going to be interesting.
I mean, it's a once in a lifetime thing that seems to be somebody like that
who had a lot to do with my generation.
It's a once in a lifetime thing to go see Mikhail Gorbachev.
How many other go see Mikhail Stellankov?
Who's that?
Okay, listen, have a good time, pal.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5.
So he's never been to the entrance center.
What does he know?
He's like the other people down here.
They don't know Mikhail Stellankov from, you know.
Boy.
From like...
Hunt.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
And the toll free line where we just had that great call from Gainville.
Where a young man is going to go see Gorbachev.
You know something?
He could be speaking at the convenience store over there on the Ives-Dury Road.
But I wouldn't go over there to see him speak.
What do I want to see him for?
Well, what's the point?
Would you go see him?
No, I already know how he does his bad.
Well, he knows that, too.
But I mean, what's the difference?
Why would we want to go see him?
Well, we could go see Fidel, who's going to chew us out about that little kid.
He's going to show us.
He's going to stick his cigar here.
I don't know.
Better watch it, mister.
That's right.
And light it from the inside.
Here's a mobile in Pompano.
Hello.
Hello.
Mobile in Pompano.
Hey, Neil.
Happy holidays, buddy.
You're the same to you, sir.
Thank you.
I just wanted to call about Zennacol and say a word if you don't mind.
Yes.
As gross as the ads are and the adverts are,
I've got to say I've been on it for one month.
And I have not experienced anything that the ads have.
Thank God for that.
And I will return.
Maybe they just say that to attract attention, you know,
because everybody and their brothers talking about Zennacol.
I think because of those ads.
Well, no way, say, perform, do I have anything to do?
I don't even know who the hell the company is.
It makes it.
But I've been extremely happy with it when you feel the urge.
It's got plenty of time to find a nice clean bath.
It's not like you have to rush right away.
So the first to hold on the ground?
Well, you know, there's also, you know,
if you stick to the diet, the doctor puts you on.
You have nothing to worry about.
I take it once at night at dinner.
And I haven't had any problems.
And I think where the people, when the problem lies,
are the people that bench and have a go out and order a pizza
with double cheese, so on, so forth.
Those are the people that they've never ever
ever go wish that they have a TV in the bathroom.
But if you follow your diet, I mean, it's great right now.
I just told a couple of years down the road
it's among another FEN-FEN type thing.
But it's helping me miraculously right now.
Okay, well, keep it up, pal.
Thanks, buddy.
Good luck to you.
Thank you.
Stay near the house.
126 at 560 WQM.
Anybody else out there taking Zennacol?
Oh, that's right.
I forgot if they are.
They probably don't have time to get in your rush.
I don't think I have to support or we'll phone in the magic room.
Here's the best news in the world.
If anybody wants any more Backstreet Boys tickets,
Pray Whitney has a pair.
It is!
Stop spreading the Z's.
Stop spreading today.
Cause all our bugs are infected.
New York, New York.
And Sepulitis.
Don't want it in a way.
Don't go outside for Zalgipops.
New York, New York.
All right.
I want to find out where they came from and give them facts.
I've got a pretty good guest.
Probably I racked the radic and froze these damn mosquitoes.
Ain't going away.
We're gonna make the best of it in all New York.
They're spraying everywhere.
And even though they took over New York, New York.
Listen to mosquitoes get out of my house.
That's all they have to do.
They have Rudy Tullianne, a band of men.
132 at 560 WQM.
Here's the great news from today.
A 13 year old middle school student wanted to give his classmates this morning.
He for being subdued with a gun spill on his hand authority said a fifth student reportedly suffered bumps and bruises.
How's that thing called bumps and bruises?
Can how's that go?
Sticks and stones will hurt your bone.
Something like that.
The wounded were taken to hospitals in Tulsa and Muscogee.
Oh, that's a good to the name of it.
Muscogee.
None of the injuries appeared life threatening.
Thank the Lord.
Thank you.
God.
He doesn't even know who it was that he shot said Muscogee County Sheriff Deputy Terry Craig who spoke to the boy briefly in the isolation cell at the county jail.
There was this wasn't a hate thing.
I asked him why he, you know what he said?
Can't them.
Why did you do it?
You want to know the answer?
Wait till you hear this.
I don't know.
Why'd you show them?
I don't know.
Why did you do it?
I don't know.
What's it all about?
I don't know.
How much is one and one?
I don't know.
Your mama.
I don't know.
Details of the capture were unclear.
Craig said the boy was still trying to pull the trigger when four Gibson officers arrived.
He was still trying to pull it.
Superintendents Steve Wilmot said he understood the science teacher.
Grab the gun from the boy and press him against the brick wall.
Add a way to go, baby.
Craig said the boy did not appear remorse.
We'll have to blank.
Look on his push.
He was looking around to sell one Craig saw him.
I understand he just got there and started shooting.
Pulled out a gun and started shooting.
I guess what if he wouldn't have had a gun?
He wouldn't have been able to shoot it.
Yeah, 13-year-old boys would gun.
There you go.
You gun hunters, you squeezes, you crazy prickly fricking Americans out there.
You gun lovers, you bullet suckers.
Nice.
There you go.
Say after day, after day, week after week after week.
And what are we worried about?
Have we heard from that Mars Zalooner?
No.
No.
I haven't heard from that thing yet.
Here's a lady mobile invoker.
Hello.
Yeah, hi, Neil.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, you.
Great.
I followed you onto the acting side.
Right.
And I was real high cholesterol.
And I was told that this would help get it down.
What happened?
You went off it.
And this medication seems to be working for you now.
Yeah.
Advice.
Stay on it.
Losing weight.
But cholesterol right now is sky high.
Did you ever go down from it?
No.
But when I first did the acting, it went down.
It went down to like 180.
Wow.
For some people, some people that goes way down.
Other people, doesn't work.
Right.
How high is your cholesterol?
303.
Oi.
Not for you then.
No.
No.
How long did it take for you to drop?
Uh, month or two.
Okay.
I'm not going on like three weeks.
Yeah.
Uh.
What was your cholesterol when you started?
Uh, probably somewhere around the same.
I don't think it's changed at all.
Uh.
But I don't know what kind of a doctor of you got.
Yeah.
One that's watching.
If I get into him on time.
Uh, I don't want to drop dead before the, uh, cholesterol drops.
Yeah.
Well, then you're going to put you on anything for it?
Yeah.
Um, I just need back.
I came from blood work today.
What's the name of this stuff you're on?
Pravicle.
Pravicle.
All right.
I will mention it to him.
No side effects, huh?
No, yes.
How long have you been on it?
I've never had this burning oozing feeling.
I have any loose oozing stools.
But other than that.
No, that's the.
I hate to think around.
Yeah.
Okay. Good luck, sweetheart.
Thanks.
I've been on the Atkins diet since, uh, let's see.
What time is it now?
Since about, uh, nine o'clock last night.
That's, uh, 12 and the four is, uh, 60, 16 hours and 37 minutes.
I've been on the Atkins diet.
Never felt better.
Actually, it'll feel a lot of great.
You know, I think those three donuts I had Friday.
Hey, you dunkin' donuts, people.
You know, you got quite a sense of humor.
I was only joking about bringing in jelly donuts for Hanukkah.
They're good guys, but they're trying to kill me.
First with that heavy, you know, that's very good.
That breakfast sausage patty thing they make would like less than 16 patties.
That would be good.
I asked them for the short stack.
Jesus Christ, have you ever seen a patty melt?
Man.
Woof!
People trying to kill me with food.
I'm getting really tearing up.
We love our friends and dunkin' donuts.
But stop bringing a guy to that donut center here for diabetics.
Are you people crazy?
And they said, if you don't eat at least three of them, we're going to be pissed off.
And so I did.
And my mother, by the way, never heard of that.
Of a jelly donut on Hanukkah.
She never heard of that.
She said she thinks it's another bubble-micey.
And if anybody knows you're a bubble-micey's,
here's a mobile and Cooper city.
Hello?
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
What's my first hockey game the other night at the Macarena?
Oh, Saturday?
Yes.
I'm so sorry.
Not really too bad.
I had seats 121, three rows off the ice.
Pretty good.
But the asshole in front of me insisted on talking on his mobile phone half the night
and waving to people that he knew in the audience.
Oh, that's definitely about you.
You've got to take your hand.
Well, in any event, I just wanted to tell you that I enjoyed watching the capitals,
and I enjoyed watching the game, and I enjoyed hockey because of you.
I said, that asshole in front of me, your wife looks pretty good.
Next time, send her to the arena alone.
Okay.
Okay.
All right.
Yeah, Trevor Kid was great.
The arena was very enthusiastic about the spectacular performance of Trevor Kid.
Our great goal tender was playing better than he ever has in his life.
Nice going, Trevor.
Thank God for him.
Other than the two goals we got, other than that, it was pretty desperate.
I mean, really desperate, but we won the game.
That's all it counts.
We won.
We won.
Us.
We feel better about us.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
So, what kind of a line is that? Susan, the row shorts, whatever your name is there in a
hero. Can't get anything right.
Don't know what it is, but it's moving.
You're following guys in advance, but it seems it.
Well, where, where, can her killer be?
Why don't they arrest the rare beams?
There's no way to get the killer out of the way.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
were kicking ass and that i was in the back
i remember that you're from up there uh... that area or two
i would there
yeah there was absolutely no talk whatsoever now that they changed the form
out of this twenty four hours a day
all talking about the like this on it now
like it
right
i'm here in my any rotting away on a festering radio station with a bunch of
incompetent assholes running this place
and people like com like is there syndicate all over the country i just i
just want to do something wrong
amazing
what about please just for a couple weeks
all right what i love to see it all fm talk here right
and be wonderful well it's good talk into your first time
okay
and we'll get back with you and i'll get them
one of my own friend dick uh... put in by the way i've heard from dick in a
long time maybe not going over to stand up on the same finally discovered how
boring it is
you think that could be the problem
it's a lot of it's a lot of it's a lot of time call for it to be a lot of
that more with the award winning that more from the eight days game of
all you want something here locally and it was not more
