Come on, ladies, keep your foot off this plane.
Sports Radio 560.
W2AM Miami-Core Lauderdale presents the Neil Roger Show.
To talk to Neil called 567-0560, toll-free for date and browser.
Or pound 560 on your cell phone.
No.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers, or anyone else on the show
do not necessarily reflect those of WGPUAM easily read acquisitions
or the easily broadcast group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560, QAM.
It's Friday, you first, dude.
You're a girl, you're a great, great, great, you're a girl.
She said I was too old to be, did some sense and more at least.
Now she's got these hooked on these.
I got them from Linda, and her teeth were bolted up.
Now, my head's spinning around and around.
I haven't slept for three days now.
Some weight throws rims in the afraid.
How many drugs do I have to say?
My hair's fallen out and it's been hard to see.
Besides all, Linda, energy, know that my heart's been flowing.
Wow, I see, I got one at a time.
Last year, last year, last year, last year, last year, last year.
I first met your face out thinly, drugs all day.
Here's that drop, some weight, but who is your queen?
Redocter, husband, and dental, okay.
Acidization, Tuesdays, my whole time, now, I'm spinning around and around.
correlated great dance, Beckham rhythm.
I'll tell you a few words.
I mean, actually, I think it's fun to call the newspapers into file of losses.
Don't you think it's time for a loss to get the worst team that could be the worst segment in the history of radio
I mean this radio station has no women call as you know people might call actually say something like about anything
And to take a whole set. Oh, I think the goals are gonna win again. Who cares?
Who cares bull bikes picking football games? They make care about that. No. Oh my god. But call in let's get some more pics. Come on
By the way yesterday was it yesterday or today before somebody called in and tell me that the a lightning
Sold out their first their home opener. However, they didn't last very long last night is they lost to Los Angeles 5 2 in Tampa Bay
10,000 614 was the paid attendance and there were about what four people in there
Oh, so you see I guess maybe that's what the problem is here when people are used to getting dished out a crappy product for a long time
They say I don't know. I don't think I'll come back for a while. I'll wait and see. I'll save my money for rainy day
So anyway speaking of the energy and the fend fend thing. I think I might just cash in on this
Fend fan makers agree to pay 4.83 billion dollars to settle suit
And by the way, I don't want to mention any doctors who were writing these prescriptions like it was coming out of a faucet somewhere
Left and right right and left. Oh sure. Give it a shot
What do you got to lose beside all that fat all that weight by the way six pounds in two days?
How do you like that? It's just melting off my big fat body
But nevertheless, yeah, I had a prescription for fend fend and pond him and whatever the hell these two were and took it for a an indeterminate period of
Time in fact now that I'm thinking about it. I think I took it for longer than I really did like maybe for months
In fact, I'm thinking oh, I'm starting to feel effective now and the reason I say that is
The settlement is open to anyone who used pond them in or reduction in the United States whether or not you filed a suit
So I think this is something that a lot of us who actually you know our positions
Contestify that they wrote prescriptions for this crap and we took it for a while even for just a few days
I say don't be trusted on me. My peace. Give me a chunk
Now
Thea Floyd 42 of Opal, Ocasette through they she felt too lousy to feel good about the stunning legal victory
Floyd who says she suffers from chronic fatigue and mental health problems after taking fend pen in 1997 said
I want to thank the Lord that somebody did hear us. I didn't like that. Thank you
But it's not going to make up for what happened to my life
Well, there's all kinds of people that are screwed up
I mean big time from this crap and then this bitch over there at U of M
Dr. Marine Lowry associate professor of cardiology at the U of M at the Hercun School
She says she couldn't believe that there was a settlement because this didn't do nothing
She looked at all these studies and she said oh yeah the heart valve it didn't do nothing like that and the
Thedirin so on so all your people are got screwed up by taking fend pen
It's just a figment of your imagination a few of our bunch of troublemakers stop causing problems stop with all the crap, okay?
But that's what our doctors have done for us boys and girls
That's the solution they got is to because all fend pen was was
Speed and Fedamines that's all it was the same things that people went to jail for back in the 60s and 70s
The pill pushing doctors the unfedaming the speed doctors a lot of them went to jail back then and all of a sudden
This came out. Oh, it's great
You're gonna lose weight with it and that's because the doctors haven't got any idea how to make us lose weight. They are clueless
Speaking of clueless I can't tell you how many people in last 24 hours have said to me
I would say about 1700 people have said to me. That's a conservative estimate
That they can't believe the comments of our general manager Greg read in Josie Lambeats column yesterday in the Sun Sentinel
I thought that I was the only one shocked by the gross the sheer stupidity of that comment
The comment about the money that was raised at that troubled golf term at the OJ golf tournament and a lot of people wondering how much was actually raised by the way
They ever fight out how much was actually raised no
But at any rate it says do K originally said the event at race 25 grand per center one
But only two thousand made its way to the age charity and then the comment that people are so perplexed
In fact most people now are scratching the same spot in their head that Greg is always scratching you know with that big
Ozing hole that's getting bigger by the moment is
He said some of the rest went to OJ related expenses
Yeah, we're trying to sniff. I mean sort it out not started out sort it out
Like I said we're trying to snort it out
And find out where that money went well or how much there was
And it's a lot to our credibility and of course we got the big story
This is what everybody's all worked up about. I mean with all this stuff going
I wouldn't think I'd a bunch of silly women calling it with football picks
Why is there anybody in America that wants to hear women or anybody calling and picking football games?
That's like the professional gamblers the GA people that call it on Hank show and just drive me to that goddamn dial
What are your thoughts on that dolphin? Yeah, what do you think you think they can cover?
I mean go get the GA before it's too late. Okay line up on the head cappin GA line and get out of here
Terminal puke inducing radio baby
I mean with all the respect to our four ladies who listen to this radio station out there
It's not that we don't like you. It's just that who cares?
You know in fact, I think it'd be more civilating to have women called in and pick their nose on here than pick football games
Or maybe even pick their record about that that would be exciting
So the big thing. Oh, here's a lady in Cooper City. Hello
Hi Neil. Hi, you want to make your picks?
Um, no, okay, the reason that I'm calling is I'm considering getting a poll and I was wondering if any of the colors getting a while a poll a poll
Yeah, and
If any of the colors I was wondering what is a poll?
I was wondering if any of the colors could call and it let me know
Some good or bad poll companies is that wouldn't be a problem a poll?
Yeah, an in-ground poll
And in-ground poll? Yes, I'm wasting your time so that some of your colors
Speaking of putting it by the way, where's Walt Deneo today? I haven't seen him yet this morning. You want to get a pool?
Yes, an in-ground poll. Yeah
And so I was wondering why give you the name of my pool man, but he's a real con artist
So I don't want to give you his name. I don't want to give you a good poll company star and who the okay great
Well, that's some heavy. That's better. No football picks
It's not what I was saying, but you hang on and we'll do it. We'll get it for you
Thank you. I'll pay you a heart and don't pull too hard
Okay, there's a lady who's looking for a poll. Okay. Where are we all looking for a poll?
I think so I wouldn't mind a poll especially if Walt Deneo comes back
So there we go to any you pool people there's a chance for a free plug
I certainly wouldn't give her a cliff's name because we know what a con artist is
Although we did do a good job. Should I give her a cliff's name? No, but or not. Here's a mobile in North Miami pool line
Hello, yes, sir. Yeah, Neil. How are you? Okay?
The lady I call up about the swimming pool. Yes, I was in the swimming pool business of 40 years and the best advice I can give her is to
Call the NSPI
the NSPI NSPI National Spawn pool institute, right and ask them from recommendations in her area
Recommendations recommend okay. I talk a little funny. I'm not talking to you. So you guys I think it's a good match
Yeah, okay, and also
Where does she find the where does she find that?
I don't know yellow pages in the yellow under one under swimming pools call the NSPI right
Okay, and ask them for a recommendation and also one of the best pool builders in date County
I think they go up to Cooper City would be custom pools. Okay
X-ray they've been around for 40 years. They do a good job and they do it quickly great God bless you sir
Thank you, Neil you bet I pray for it. Thank you
Okay, there you go. That was instant just look for NSPI. We'll get probably a few other of these are pool people
This is great. What a great way. This will be to kill two hours like I said. I don't mind those lady football picks, you know
Why is it that the women in this town are so goddamn boring is there any special reason for that?
I mean, I mean I'm not knocking her. She sounded very nice and very bubbly and enthusiastic
But she's putting in a goddamn pool. I mean here we got these two athletes these student athletes are getting clothing basically for free of
Dillards I wouldn't mind getting my clothing for free of dillards while they're still open by the way
God
I sing a low tone I am a baritone
With me some notes cannot be
Somehow I can't be if they want me to do this
No, what I can't reach and this ain't gonna happen
Too high for me
Now the high key is too high
Someone kicked me right back there in my FD
Too high
Too high for me
What's it take me for?
Okay, 1015 to 560 WDQM I better talk fast because George is gonna be on noon to 2 today
George is gonna be actually telling you the real inside story of that los van van business
The real reason that they're all been out of shape about that is because the white Cubans are unbelievable racist is what
George was telling me before the show and the fact is los van van are Cuban
Spargers in case you didn't know that I mean their dark is the ace of spades
So that's what he's gonna be talking about is what a bunch of racist you white Cubans are out there in the audience unlike George
Of course who's best friend is so at any rate here's a great note from our friend Alan over there
It's a life book which is our next spot. I see by the way so better not go overboard
But I had tremendous response unbelievable response and why not?
Six pounds in two days Alan I'm doing it
I'm gonna be a shadow of my former self one of these days
I keep saying that but I think this time in addition to which I got one of these protein diet bars the honey
Now those see you like those those are there's okay the chocolate but these honey nougat protein diet bars these new day are killer. They're great
Mmm get the honey nougat junior. So anyway, here's a series of 4,000 articles in the newspaper
You know something I can't to get to excited one way or the other about this
about
This whole FSU business about Peter Warwick and the Dion Warwick and
And what kind of a name by the way is Lavor anus
Lavor anus calls. I think that's his name Lavor anus
You know being suspended now and of course there's all a big solid answer because it's the big UM game
Tomorrow I can't get too excited about this now being one of those people who's always be crying the immorality of most of the jocks
I don't get all excited because basically
Compared to all the other stuff that goes on and goes on reported and undetected non-cott nobody talks about this was like
petty stuff
So they had a friend who worked at dealers and they took 412 dollars worth of crap of name brand the clothing and they sold it to him for
2150 which is of course theft she was stealing and they were stealing and they knew about it too
But I mean in the overall scheme of things I mean it was stupid and it was illegal
But in the overall scheme of things these guys I think maybe you're ought to get a medal
I mean you can look at it in the other way and say oh thank God and that of course what's the big story?
Oh Peter Warwick now he won't be considered for the high-spin trophy
Well Jesus God how the hell can life go on then?
Because once he signs with the pros he's probably only gonna make what six seven eight ten million dollars a year something like that
1315 million a year and
Then if he does wind up killing somebody someday he won't have a high-spin trophy that he can pull off to pay off the you know the family of the
Murdered victims
Man, it's just it's just amazing to me these sports nerds the way that they twist and they manipulate and they turn oh
She now maybe he won't be considered for that high-spin trophy. He's so stupid. Well who cares? What's the big deal with that?
Does that change anything?
So you can take any approach on this that you want just to piss people off
I don't really have give a crap
But I know that a lot of people are really all been out of shape because this is important stuff to many of those people
because it's the
The seminal hurricane game
And because we have a lot of people in the state as you know who are like this is the level at the operate on this collegiate level
This is the important stuff professional sports nobody cares about that but college stuff that in fact high school college grade school
That's the stuff they can sink their teeth into so we'll find out what the audience thinks about this today
maybe
By the way, Barry jackass in a very lengthy column in which he says absolutely nothing this morning
But if the very end has something interesting
Fascinating not surprising by the way
He says the the marlins that have the mortgage on this radio station
Wammy is first year of marlins games finished with a three-point
average rating about 30 what does it say 43,200 homes the lowest ever for the team on free TV
Wammy
Get at it, sir. How do you like that?
The lowest ratings ever for the marlins on free TV as if that comes to some kind of a great surprise are you surprised by?
Yeah
And of course you can imagine when the games are on free TV how many people might be left over listening on radio here
With the franchise that has this place mortgage and just squeezed to the hill that has this by the short years right Greg
You know what I'm talking about?
Here's a call from Santa Bell hello
Yeah, hi Neil. Yes, sir. What should I answer you is why is the one guy on the team going to be
Uh kicked off the team, but the the star athlete is gonna be allowed to stay on the team any question
I don't like his name. They don't like a name labor inus. They don't like that
The other thing I was going to want to kick him off just to separate him from you know
Do you think that Jimmy Johnson may be signing work? Yeah, everybody is saying that you know, I'm like what can I tell you?
I think they'd fit in like a glove
Can I make a shameless request?
Go ahead
Can you play the colliquial swearing one with the Pope you know or the Pope's okay?
You got a pal have a great day and it's really boring over there where you are
boring here too, but it's really boring where you are five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the AT&T line is this audience pissed off and fired up about this goddamn
FSU about the goddamn dillard's flat or what what do you do with these guys you put them in jail?
You're suspended for like five minutes you give them a slap on the wrist or like they're like me
Does anybody really care I couldn't care less. I think the whole thing is much you do about nothing
It's like all the free stuff that we get
We get free crap all the time. Of course. We're not student athletes
We get free crap all the time here on the show and you know something we'll take it. We're proud of it. I have no problem with that
Here's the lady in Miami. Hello. Hey, yes, yes, man. Oh lady. No, I don't care. Yes. The lady gonna give us your football picks
Please don't I don't have anything good listen
Well as far as all that Peter works of course this foolishness but
And because he's gonna get exactly what he was gonna get if he went to the highest
Central Free River he doesn't right now. He's gonna get just as many people there
What was me what was me? I mean who gives a crap. Yeah, and it's not gonna make a bit of difference
But you know what I wanted to ask you yes, man
So there was listening and I heard that
Things that little piece that you did off head and shoulders on head uh-huh
And I just wondered do you all have um
Like a greatest hits kind of a thing, you know because I'd love to have one
You know, yes, you do yes, you do as a matter of fact in about 10 days
They'll be selling in that specs all the specs music stores. Are you kidding? Are you serious? I'm serious
Really that's not on there, but I mean all the stuff that's on there is great
Um, oh
Okay, well, I really like that one. I thought it was really yeah, I guess I would
Well, that's Bob and Tom so we don't want to steal our stuff that much, you know, they're happy to let us play it on the year
I own this okay, I'll play for you today. Okay cool because there's nothing like a little head on Friday
Okay, yeah, there's a nice lady she's interested in head as opposed to picking a bunch of stupid football games
And I think that most of the guys in their audience are you know, they'd rather hang out with women or more interested in head
Than stupid football games. Yeah, there you go. Where's my case?
We got Hank and two we got uh with a Jimmy. Oh, by the way, I don't want to say this, you know
Because I don't want to get Hank really upset
And Jimmy must have the naked pictures now
Because I discovered yesterday when Hank came in here even though he did the 180 did they before so I'm pulled by people on its
Fireyport Hank and Jimmy are like they're like Simon's twins. They're joined at the hip. They're joined at the neck
They're joined at the rectum. It's uh, you know
Jimmy's got his number. I hate to say that Hank because I love you. You're a sweetheart. You're a great guy
But Jimmy's got you by the short hairs
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Pember pine. Hello
Neil yes, morning
First off on the uh the the player scandal the only thing that that thing is going to change in anybody's life is the point spread for this weekend's game
Right, that's correct and I'd also like to know if I can do a little
PSA for your listeners. Yeah, I was going over my phone bill last night and I got and build
the last several months
32 dollars a month for
US PC billing questions are billing and this is a network of
Voice mail that they slammed onto my phone bill
I called to find out what the charges are for. They told me I authorized a
separate voicemail from my other bell south thing
And I asked to authorize it and they played a recording. It sounded almost like your old j bet
It said you know you know some unrecognizable voice with a name they couldn't tell me yeah and
toll us pc current charges
$67.57
From month of one I still don't understand it. They tell me it's a
Separate voice mail system that somebody authorized on my
Residential phone line. Yeah, and they're billing it for me and I make you bet that if your listeners look at their phone
A lot of these people are going to find this build on their phone
Yeah
Great. It's a bunch of horse mallars sounds like a nice game to me. That's what I said as soon as I called
They said oh we are authorized to reverse those charges, but I'll make you a bet until
A month or two ago. I didn't really look at the bill the bill came. It said
150 dollars do I wrote a check and didn't think about it. Mm-hmm, and
Now I'm going back. I'm getting back
Six months credit on this so I'm not gonna have to pay a phone go for about 60 days nice going sir
Okay, God bless you. Thank you so much for caring enough to send you very best. Go back
Thank you. There's a guy trying to look out for the rest of you. Okay any poor people out there to no
5 6705 and well she wants she wants to put up post. He's pulling it. Okay. I could understand a god damn thing
She was saying she's trying to put in a pull
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line see this audience is really worked up
I see the difference between the sports nerds and our crowd
I'd like to see that our crowd is a little bit more down to earth
But of course that would be a real stretch of the imagination
But they're just not as obsessed with silly things that don't mean for anything
Or even if they are they're too embarrassed to tell me that because they know I'll rip them in ass
Which I think is more likely the probability
It's Friday you
Best this fall on CBS meet a small town free to speak the word of God and add a few choice words of his own
It's father terets mystery
You really believe it. They're daughters here today. They're joined together
This
A
Holy matrimon father teret mystery a new kind of family drama from the producers of
Chicago hopeless and NYPD blue ball
Sunday this fall
Then an hour with father teret right after an all-new season of
Touchdown there by an angel only on
All right, that's where you're 5 60 W2. Well, thank God that the audience at least this audience and all been under shape and acting goody
Two shoes and holier than now about this so fsu business about these two athletes
I just don't care. I just don't give a crap. Okay. We got all these drug dealers and
drug addicts
Not to mention no names
People doing all kinds of grotesque things and beating up their girlfriends and knocking them downstairs and shoving them
God damn lockers little things like that
And nobody seems to care about that. So who cares about getting a few, you know the freebies from dillards in addition to which
You know dillards is having a rough time anyway, you know
Maybe they ought to be happy about guys. We're under crap walking around these big shots
Here's Kendall. Hello
Hey, no, is this the guru station for gambling? Yes. This is the gambling. This is the GA station
Work thing. What is it
Okay, give me a new phone sir. Call me back when you get a real phone
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Lake Worth. Hello
Hey, no, yes, sir. I was calling you about the girl that wants a swimming pool builder. Yes
Triple A customs pools out of Coral Springs. Yeah phenomenal
Don't want for me in February. I had water in my pool in 28 days. No red tape
People in the office are great and I recommend calling howon Bryson from triple A custom pools
And another little tip that is I own a stake in seafood business
And this guy's still awesome that every time someone finishes a pool
I deliver stake and laughter to him great sounds like a real ancestors relations. You're all on no problem
I'm actually one of the questions. Do you like you're doing the act is that right? Yeah, I do like stakes or seafood
Yes, okay. Well, if you want to send you some comp stakes or seafood help with the diet
I've lost 20 pounds and last uh three weeks doing the act guns and a lot of my customers doing it so I'll set you up
Okay, great
Thanks so much. Have a great day. Okay. There's a guy who's a hoeing a show a little bit. What's wrong with that? Do we care at all?
No, anything to kill a little time today
Kills urge comes on and talks about Cuban swingers who are racists
5 6 7 0 5 60 and he knows no
No, the dividend rebuttal of that
No rebuttal that of course, you know, that's the interesting thing
But fact we ought to take a poll which is the most hateful group of all
Because we know that marches are very anti-submitted. They hate the Jews
And we know that Cubans hate marches and of course we know that mexican take Cubans and everybody hates mexicans
And it's just it's great like national brotherhood week seriously
It's like a contest which group is the most hateful and who hates let's find out who hates black people the most
Is it like white people white anglos or is it white Cubans?
Now they're black people huh?
Jamaicans I think
You think maybe that you're making say the American black
The most yeah, how why is that
So they have a 17-year-old they enjoy the Jefferson's what's wrong with them?
Here's Coral Springs hello
Coral Springs yes, sir
I know you're sick of hearing about it, but I just like to throw in one quick thing in regard to hearing about one
Florida state not haven't heard anything about it yet. I'm waiting
Okay, I'm waiting to hear this tremendous response. Oh, okay
Well, what my comment is is I found it kind of interesting that on the day that the
Announcement was made about these players being in trouble was also the day that they announced Bobby Bowden receiving a contract extension
Worth millions and millions of dollars right and here's the coach being paid this kind of money and these guys are
Getting relatively nothing in comparison the NCQA is the closest thing the slavery that we've got in this country
Also, that's right just like be even be foe a little reason like be foe said yesterday. He's absolutely right
Let's stop pretending okay. Let's call it semi pro ball or whatever we want to call it
Our panties jobs and let's start you know, and yeah, they're not buying any textbooks anyway
So what there is a make well not a whole separate part of the campus for them for the dumb jobs
And let's put kids in their spot and get the scholarships who really want to give an education last time
They blamed what happened up at Florida state on sports agents and Ken Jenny who was then in the
State Congress
Passed the law regulated states regularly. Yeah, who's he gonna regulate now?
Where they gonna blame this one on anybody he can make yeah have you got the stormtroopers in here you mark my words that not
He can Jenny. Oh, yeah, they'll have him up your rectum anyway
Other thing. I don't know if you happen to see this but I believe it was yesterday in USA today
They were talking about the story surrounding the
NFL a lot awarding expansion franchise to Houston rather than Los Angeles
And the mayor of Los Angeles had a rather interesting comment in spite of them losing this
franchise he said that he was proud of the effort that had been made on behalf of the city and
proud of the fact that their
Proposal had included a new stadium which did not cost the taxpayers any money. How do you like that?
I'm like a novel. I'm like in Houston where they put out on the ballot and the dumb taxpayers were so desperate to get their football team back
He said okay, we'll pay for it. Yep. Yep. So they're studying at the Wayne Highsing a school of
All right, okay, no, it's right and let me say it again
10,000 sold tickets in Tampa
This is the third place they played it over there with their crappy hockey team since it started several years ago about nine ten years ago
And nobody's going to this one either because they got a crap product and nobody wants to pay to see crap
Can I say one more thing? Yes, sir. I love you show Neil. God bless you. Listen to you every day. All right. Hey, care. See you
Yeah, let's keep building stadiums and they're putting crap in there and then get asked all the surprise like I was yesterday
What am I screaming about people not coming to the panther game? They gave you a crap for two or three years
They chart they soaked you through the nose then of course this year like I said yesterday
They raised the price out of concertion. They've cut the selection down
They give you a bunch of tasteless crap and they wonder gee how come they're not coming back. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, it's sucking it up
It's gonna take a long time before they win the people back there
You just this shout crap and you keep charging higher and higher prices and the public just keeps saying no. No, thank you
We'll stay home. We'll go we'll go do our football picks on a morning show. I still can't get over that. I say lawsuit call up our friends at the newspapers
Or maybe somebody else will call he's probably not doing much. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I love vernius was on probation already
Labor ain't it. Yeah, labor ain't it. Yeah, they say you're a vernius though because they don't want it
You know the shroits that they get too mad. Brackdom. Yeah, that's right. But anyway, that's what if he was already on probation for something else
That's why you got that kick down
That's why you got to get a severed the cord right
To speak right okay. Well, what do you think of it? So what do you make of it? Are you up been out and pissed off and fired up a monitor one?
No, because it's like he said. Oh, Peter Warwick's gonna sign for millions anyways. Who gives a crap? That's right
And then he can buy he can buy dealers. They're on the verge anyway. He can buy the whole goddamn chain ready to go bankrupt
You give the shit out crap. Yeah, great. Very good. That was beautiful excellent job sir. Let's hear it
Gentlemen right in midstream he stopped it, huh?
Anybody else take a stop at midstream. I don't think so that was marked that down
That was sensational right there was like halfway out and he just stopped it right there in midstream beauty nice job sir
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT and T went to dillard and they got some clothes from a friend of theirs
And they gave him a little discount 95% and all these righteous goody to you know something all these people that are all righteous about this
I guarantee that they shop with it when they were in college. I did
Oh, seriously we used to have ROTC which was mandatory all the way I didn't go because I mean I knew they wouldn't take me any army
So at any rate
And we used to have these big roti coats in the winter time that we were we would go to a cutting-ham drugs right there
I'm grand river boulevard nice lansing Michigan and we would steal crap stuff that we would never use like
suntan lotion in the middle of winter time in lansing, Michigan
We're gonna use it. No, but it was just the idea of shoplifting something you had these big pockets you might as well stick something in there
Oh, but this is the scraper. I mean like like I said everything has to be looked at in this like it's like Clinton with a blow jobs
Here we have a country where the president went through an impeachment hearing and was like under virgin getting thrown out office because he got a few blow jobs
We got all these goddamn co-kids all these murderers all of these arsonists all of these crazy people and
Not to mention mass murderers
Not to mention Lawrence Phillips. Oh, then I'll call again by the way. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello
Neil yes, sir
two things
I'm Jamaican and one of the reasons I can't stand black Americans
They live off the United States money of my tax money. Greenloaders. Yeah
It's been a one-year-old. Somebody starts your free loaders
Yeah, and all they complain about all
Will it's the man it's the man holding a pound is big they can't do nothing for us from
You know this is for ridiculous. Yeah, if I can get up on my face, it's good. I can go to a job and work
Take care of my family. Remember what you have case that asked not what the honkies can do for you acts what you can
Yeah for yourself
It's ridiculous um, I forgot a call about two weeks ago and uh
Cuts out the other Jamaican. Yeah, but you got screwed up and I said uh, yeah, well, that's okay
I always say fm anyway. Okay, listen have a great day pal
Thanks for your refreshing honesty. He said that you sparsers out there a bunch of free loaders new to swine Americans
What he said and of course he's a good upstanding Jamaican. Yeah, I'm out of jerk pork
W.I.O. D. Oh, I hate that station
Hi, Felicia
Gigi I love your dress and your hair looks so shiny and manageable. Are you still shampooing with head and shoulders?
Got sick. I stopped using head and shoulders a long time ago. I mean honestly who grows here on their shoulders anyway
Yeah, right. So what are you using now? Well, it's like head and shoulders only without all those additives
It's just called Chad. Let's tell them about it girl
You
Where can I get that lots of places chicks you can stop by my place later and I'll be happy to give you
In fishing the minute. I'll have you shampooed
styles and blown dry
Not at all chicks
I'd rather say there are places downtown where you can get head for less than ten dollars
Golly that's that price everyone should be getting head
That's right, chick when you say head you set a mouthful. Hi, I'm Dr. Raymond Foulotti from Freedom All Industry
I'm telling you why you should get head first at lubricate each limp hair follicle
Leaving in a wrecked listening shaft then the scalp's natural oils are sucked out of the root leaving your hair soft shiny and
Nothing does the job like head great. Can I get head from my hairdresser Bruce probably but you might want to try your girlfriend first
What hair with lots of volume nothing gets it up like head
Available a little price you won't find hard to swallow and it's going down every day
Honey we're out of shampoo. Can you go out and get some head? What did you say? I said I want you to go out and get head
Oh, thank you sweet Jesus. I'm going down down and head makes a great holiday gift
Last Christmas my wife gave me some head then I gave her a pearl necklace
I've never seen her so choked up my girlfriend used to give me head and then we got married now
I'm lucky if I get gergons lotion and a national gift
I
Head shampoo come on give it a shot my hair looks great
Oh
147.5 60 WKM here's the facts that says I wonder if you saw the story of the newly discovered a whorehouse in Miami the answer is yeah
yes, I did and it says the the employee there were at least two miners
But it's since it's be reported that no police officers were involved. They're giving updates every hour
The one where the cops are all involved from all over the eight county from every force in the county
Have we heard any more about that no about that internal that infernal investigation no
How can we don't hear any more about that? I wonder you don't think it's been swept into the carpet
Uh-huh
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's Miami. Hello. Hey. Good morning, sir. Yes, sir. Got a question for you
You've got interested in those delight food bars. I heard you comment on how many carbs that but I haven't heard anything about the fat or the protein and those things from my diet
Well, let's particular one has got 22 grams of protein and it's got only five grams of fat which is excellent
Yeah, oh and like I said, I mean it's not gonna say it's delicious like the best thing you've ever had like a candy bar
But it's not bad. It's edible as a poor. It doesn't have that metallic taste that some of the other ones have no
Oh, yeah, I'm not mentioning AT&T bars right. Oh, and
Here's a little information for you on your little possible fortune with the fanfan company
Yeah, I'm always reading those exercise magazines and everything and one of them always keeps an eye on the new drugs that are coming on for fat loss
After they did all the tests on the lab rest and everything about six months for it ever hit the market
They knew that a whole bunch of those lab rest had the same problems that people have now
How do they knew ahead of time and they still put it out on the market?
I want my piece of the upile even though I only took it for a short like I said I took it for a long time
Oh, yeah, but that's right how our uncle Sam and the FDA are watching out for us man
They knew ahead of time and someone's palm definitely got grease on that one. That's right. Okay. Thanks a lot
Thank you. See you protein diet honey nougat
See now I shouldn't put that on the ear because now he'll sell out of these
And I'm the one that needs these desperately because these time you over these are just fine
See the product like it's not you don't want to do the rick sanchez that can't that where you go and eat six steaks and then
Throw something else on the grill like that and sip the thing we read in josey lamb eats column a couple weeks ago
You know, it's how josey lamb is like kind of like intruding into the whole
Operation here in the air. He's got his testicles and every part of this radio station
5 6 7 0 5 60 let's hear it for Peter Warwick
Labra ain't as cold let's hear it for those guys. Okay. What's wrong with showing the kids in America how to get a good deal
What's wrong with that huh?
In fact the sparsas are learning from us you'd love have you get a wholesale what's wrong with that
Here's a mobile and hope sound hello
Yeah, how's going Neil pretty good sir. Yeah, I just good show today no. Oh, Jay no fire alarms. Not yet
Not 11 o'clock yet. Don't count your chickens before they lay a big one
Real big one fs shoe they out of candor bus. Yeah
I think that's pretty bad. I mean not because I stole because they were stupid enough to get caught
Yeah, yeah, if you're gonna do stuff like that which is tantamount to shoplifting at least at least look around a little bit
I mean if you walk in
See, but when you're a big pampered jock like these guys especially Peter Warwick you think you can do these things with impunity
But you think your stuff doesn't stink anymore because you've been treated that way
You know, they put them off out of pedestal and they think they can basically get away with whatever they want
Well, I let the guy said before as far as the
A.A. they treat my play go that are
Unbelievable
Yeah, I think it's something out of other efforts to lead
For the work they do and the plays that they make
Okay, amen. Let's start pan and everybody agrees with that
Start pan these kids and stop in the hypocrisy which of course is number one in America is hypocrisy
Don't do as I do do as I say
Don't go out and get a little head like it said in that bit just uh, you know
Pretend you're not getting it everybody else is especially if you're the president or a senator or anybody else
Much of bull crap
That's why Jesse Ventura is a breath of fresh air if he would just cut himself off from all these other silly people
He surrounded himself with like Donald Trump rhymes with chump
But at least it's gonna be some good comedy anyway with this reform party
We shouldn't know my Ross P.Rost did up there and start making a little sound
Those silly little sounds and flapping his ears like dumb-o with the clown. We should have known
That it was gonna provide for a never-ending comedy
Here's a mobile and fort water deal hello
I'm clenino. I got a question of great public importance for you regarding the godfather. Yes, sir
Yeah, they've been showing the whole thing this week and I've always been uh trouble the one thing where
25 finger fantangely yeah, it's about to testify before the cynics and we're not gonna ask me about his brother again
I mean we've had to I mean it's so obvious
And it made him an offer he couldn't refuse
They brought in his brother and if he didn't change his story his brother was gonna have a little problem a little headache
I mean I do believe sure it was that of we have a matter of respect
Yeah, but he's the brother it was between the brothers in other words if you don't uh if you spill a bean
Still is brain all over his nice Greek soup
And chicken like out father any good guys
The windows you recommend him make it from bone there for the first five mgm grand trapecanti you'll win a lot of money
All right, thanks a lot now. They out of ex-calibre
Stay out of the dollar since he cheated places and they were started the street including New York, New York, New York
New generation that hasn't seen it before that has a desperate need to find out what real the real world is all about as a
Poison my good friend is he who says there is no mafia. They're making us they go look bad
56705 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. I don't see any psychosis or hysteria. Thank God
We got a level headed crowd here. I'd like to go sports there and chose where they're all going
I'm about a couple of guys who went in there a couple of jocks got a good deal. They're a dealer's what's wrong with having your kids get a good deal
By the way only the Jermaine you know the Jamaican guy was the only guy honest about to talk about why he hates farts
He was the only one
George is going to be telling you between noon and two why he don't like him too much
56705 60 all right, and that what you told me that's what you were going to talk about today
Why they won't let farzers in of those swing clubs because they don't want to let them swing it too far
They let them in there's far too many ones you've been in a couple and was it true were they hung like I didn't look oh
Oh, yeah
Here we go again. It's called
denial
How could you offer him with that? Let me say that. Yeah, okay. If it was that big, how could you not even out of the corner?
You're right. You must have good peripheral vision. They keep it pretty dark and there
Maybe that's why they let him in. Here's the mobile and fort lotterdale. Hello
Yeah, this is John. Yeah, John. Yeah, I'm calling my big guy. It's making the jizz call him. Yeah, that drug dealer. Yeah
I'm on
First of all, how the hell is he going to stay black people use just test money if he's not from you
Well, maybe he has a citizen now maybe he's a man to make an American. Oh, it doesn't matter
It's still not his money if he's a Jamaican well maybe it's my money. Maybe it's my money
The second of all he's the he shows the reason why the last time like
Well, I'm going to be a bit so arrogant you can't tell him. Yeah, well, that's the word it
Right on brother. Let me tell you those Jamaican women they're the most arrogant bitches
I've always said that there are there the state looked on their nose at you like their stuff don't stink in the man
In the minute it's very well. You can't tell them nothing because they're trying to talk over you right
I thought I'd God bless you sir. Thank God for us American sparks. Just thank you
All right, I say us because of course being Jewish I have plenty of black in my blood and I'm willing to admit it unlike George who
Being Cuban is good mostly black
5 6 7 that says not arco right there
Don't start with that sand digger stuff again. Will you please save that till afternoon?
I mean that to me is such a disgusting thing. It's one thing to be an anti-Semite which of course you like most of your Cuban friends are but
Sand digger that's a little bit easier to do. You're like a sand flea
5 6 7 where are we going here? I'm all over the place come on. Let's get that lady a nice swimming pool
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes, no, yes sir. Yes. I'm here to make a comment about that you're making that call
I'm a black. I have I have two jobs that work seven days a week
You're working your ass off and I'm not living off of anyone. They are arrogant and
I've been the country they have nothing to be arrogant about and you talk to any of them. They got the good weed though, man
If they talk to any good any to make it they'll say the country this the country that why aren't they there?
Yeah, it's like New Yorkers if it's so great what the other they do in here in
Every to making you ask okay, why are you here?
But that's all I have to say okay the next time they give you a bunch of crap just on the jerk pork
And everything they're they have a lot of expertise if that's why here. Oh, and by the way, there's no fags in Jamaica
They're better not be
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound five or even in the game in islands pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line 10 56 at WQ and
Absolutely ladies and gentlemen. This is Rambo 4 and 5
Oh
John Rambo still alive. I want to make movies for inside my life and going great plan Hollywood's broke
Unfortunately, I speak like I had a stroke first blood came in 82
That's why I heard my penis and it never ever grew
Rambo 2 was in 85 late and rainbow 3 was in 88
Shoes in
This movie with my son
They never say she was in Rocky 5 in daylight the tunnel movie a little bit of cash is what I mean
I got to get along from the pile of creed. I got to have another movie or a Broadway show like
I guess nobody ever
It was
I guess I understand my whole life is about to cave in all I got left is
Ladies and gentlemen, I need to make Rambo 4 and 5
Check it out so call me up. I really need a script. I can do dialogue or keep it zip. They like comedy
Action and venture and drama that the only thing I will not do is have sex with a llama
So give me it right for goodness sake. I used to be out of breath now. I can't get on Ricky Lake right now
I got a one-man trellis for kept me basically. I'm an unemployed chip see a little big cash is what I mean
I got to get along from the pile of creed. I got to have another movie or a Broadway show like
I guess nobody ever saw a top lap
It was stupid so I understand
My whole life is about to cave in all I got left is just a play
That's why I'm ready to get over
I need to make Rambo 4 and 5
No, no
11.0.2 at 5.60 WQM little spirited portion down the hall by the way it seems this morning that the power 96
Schvogryffin had the root Paul on the show. They were also scheduled to have the very famous the very hot at the moment actor Kevin
I'm in him out. I can't figure it out spacey
Also known as the space act who we thought was the defenseman for the practice
That turns out to be a very hot Hollywood actor Kevin spacey goes to the power 96 studio
Open the door sees RuPaul in there and makes a b-line a u-turn and marches out
Then after after Schvogryffin rips him an ass on the air and says he
She kept calling him she which I like because he is a she he's in one week. He's out the next
He's kind of like some of the backspeed boys. You know can't make up its mind
Come on Kevin. Are you in or are you out? So at any rate Schvogys they called in from the car
The publicity director well
We'd like to kiss and make up and maybe we'll come back and Vogue and I's going for oh she says no way Jose
Take your cracker ass and get out of here
Take your fagot. He asked something like that Kevin spacey is she in a she out that's our pool question
See I was just saying to George, you know, they have that really terminally boring thing and it's terrible
It's awful
I don't want to critique those morning guys because you know
Their show is pretty weak to begin with without those segments
But to put that thing on her just before me on Friday morning with women calling it if you want to have women calling them to say something
Fine we got ten women listeners
We have like two or three or we call his show and even they don't have much like the one I want to say a pool
But
Calling them with football picks if you had men calling it if you had children if you had anybody calling with football picks
It would still be terminal
So we were thinking on Friday. We'll have our own segment. It'll be called like the hour of hate
Which you know, I think it's a healthy exercise. See there are those goody two shoes. Oh he's promoting hatred and never
No, I'm not I'm promoting a healthy honesty in other words when it doubts pitted out
Don't just let me here be here and say things that you don't have the balls to say publicly just spit it out
Let's find out how you feel about other people about other groups of people and of course like I've always told you when you
Classify people in the groups you're making a bad mistake anyway, but sure is a lot of fun
You know what I'm saying? Uh-huh. They they do this and they do that
And they are living off the goddamn fatted land those parts are stuff like that
It's fun saying those things and sometimes there's some truth in it
Here's a mobile in bokeh. Hello
Yes, sir. Neil how's it going? Okay? All right. I just want to say that I've been listening to your show for a while
And you know it's one of the best I've heard yes
And probably the best in America is what they all say
Well, I wanted to ask you about what do you think about Donald Trump in Oprah Winfrey, you know running?
Can I answer your question in one short word? Yeah
That's my sentiment have a great day sir
5 6 7 0 5 fact from I think they ought to run fast, especially Oprah
Maybe she'll lose some of that goddamn 220 pounds too little running might not hurt fat bitch
5 6 7 0 5 60 here's a classic emery and there's a classic example of what the guy was saying before about how they're stealing our tax money
Oprah
Vignan air does she have any talent?
No, she bring anything to the table
Does she offer anything except kill an hour every day for board housewives and give channel 4 chat a desperate hope to try to resuscitate some audience
In a failing TV station. No nothing else
Nothing else and she's a billionaire
So they're right there. It's a good start for all you little black boys and girls out there in the audience and all you others
Maybe learn to speak English. She can speak English. That's a good start
And by the way, oh there's some great stories and nice
Fred Grimm, you know who I got to give my hats off their Fred Grimm in a hero
He means well. Sometimes he's on target right to good column
He didn't write a good column today, but at least he means well
About the jam sessions at Flanagan High, which we've had a lot of calls about that last couple weeks about
About the fact they got almost 5,000 students in there
It's his enrollment at Flanagan just three years old to school has swollen it twice the architect intent
And the reasons aren't mysterious
Broward County like the rest of South Florida combines a reluctance to tax itself on behalf of education
With the refusal to check hellbent housing developments that are overwhelming the school district with new children
There you go
And you know what's like it's like the NRA
Oh no, there's nothing wrong with the you know guns. It's just that we don't need any new laws if we would just enforce the laws that are on the books
And it's the same thing with school tax money. Oh, we don't need any more money. We already got enough money
We just need to get them to spend it in the right places
That's the that's the excuse for not wanting to put enough money in so we get kids in these education in this state
Because basically this state is run by a bunch of old farts
The great Panthers and the gay Panthers and the Florida Panthers. That's what's running this guy damn state
Schools tumble a stumble and tumble on limited English. Here's another story and I say and the same guy damn morning
Students shortcomings get uncertified teaching. I mean if I had a million dollars for every goddamn unqualified uncertified teacher in South Florida
I could get out of here right now instead of waiting till noon
That's right
So this grace and you people out there, you know, it's not important. That's the thing that frost my ass. I don't get it. I don't understand it
People say to me. Oh gee, we listen to your callers and we just wonder how it is that you get through the day every day with some of these stupid people
Florida. I'm not saying that we got a lock on it unless you've ever been to Mississippi, Louisiana
But Florida. I mean this is a place where there's just millions of dumb people in this state
And you don't blame them. It doesn't make them bad people. They just never had a guy named education. They were never forced to get smart
Oh call from gainsville. Hello
Hey Neil. Yes, sir. You're not calling to gloat today, are you?
Uh, no sir. Good. We don't want to we don't want to run into Bobby Bob in too much. Oh no, but it was uh, and our in the student newspaper there was a
I thank you given to them
Uh, forgive her revitalizing our season right, but I just heard you talk about that. I think it was stating lost to Alabama last week
I should have mentioned that it was uh, it was not pretty. Yeah
Uh, and the fans too are not pretty. Yeah, but Jay Barker used to be quarterback at Alabama. He was very pretty
Well, I have no comment on that. Of course that we don't want to. Yeah can beat that data meat. We don't want to
Sully selling your image. Uh, I heard you talking about I heard you talking about flanagan high school right
I'm trying to proud uh, alumni. All right. I love this. Yes. I love this. Yeah, and um
It was bad. It was it was bad. Um
I don't know. I really don't know what they're going to do. They we have a freshman annex now that that all the ninth grade is going to this portable site
portable. Yeah. Yeah in
Way out in West Pember of time in the end of Missville. Yeah. Yeah, and uh, I mean, there's still I mean
I graduated last year. It was a graduating class of about 700 and they're thinking this is the next year graduating class
It's going to be about 1200 unbelievable and then then when after that's going to be about 1500
It's got to be really you know, it's got to be really uplifting to the kids of the states
You know that the parents that the adults in the state don't give a crap about them. It's it's uh, terrifying to me. It's frightening
We're that's true and and
The teachers that flanagan are very very special. Yeah. They they don't have they don't have a shot to be special
They are special and they've worked on some of some of the worst conditions and um
students there uh
The students there I write at this event because it is and flanagan high school is
Is at a bad start, you know, we're only four years old. Yeah, they're only four years old
I'm gonna pray for them all weekend long and maybe we'll wake up Monday morning
There'll be a whole like a bunch of new schools, but I doubt it. Listen have a great day pound good luck to the gators
Thank you, no, okay
Good luck to those gators baby because they're looking at wounds from last week and they'll be okay
They'll survive even in spite of that red-next-teeth spurrier
Yeah, kid baby
Oh
I wouldn't fall for you
No
No
I don't care
How hard you try
All you guys do is treat and lie
I'm so tired
of our baby
And I think that's how you can in so pretty
Oh
And the 80s noting
No matter what you do
I don't care
Oh
My god
Oh Jesus is the sports part you can smell it. It's a sports nerd fart. Holy crap
Jason comes in and we give Georgia pencil to sharpen
I mean there were four bastards in that goddamn sports department. We don't even have a pencil sharpener in this place
Where's my incense we can't afford it
Yeah, you better get out the incense and peppermint's I'll tell you that right now because Jason just
I mean what that is the most classless
It's not bad enough. He brought us the picture of his big u-shaped turret in the punchball and the turlid ball that day
That wasn't bad enough you turn comes in here and he's blowing the cheese writing the goddamn
Thank better you than me though in the other room there
Here is a fact that I don't know what to say about this other than I'll do my best
You know I tried for the king's game Wednesday night and just didn't work out and I'm not gonna sit here and chew out people
You know something I get my tickets for free
And I actually said this last season if worth for pop El Burre and my buddy Ray Whitney
But I mean if we're for that I wouldn't have gone anyway even
I live like two minutes from the guy Dan Macarena
So I'm not gonna blame other people that I want to dig down deep into their pockets and squeeze and feel the change and try to
You know squeeze a few bucks out to buy tickets, but nevertheless you got your Detroit Red Wings
One of the hot teams to leave one of the most exciting teams in league going to be there tomorrow night on a Saturday night
And guess what they've still got tickets left
Tickets are available in all price ranges lower bowl 67 bucks goal zone 25 dollars
Don't be tricky. Don't fans have the opportunity to purchase tickets in lower bowls throughout the season
It says in other words we got plenty and plenty of but an unsolved season tickets in the lower bowl
Panther Pact tickets are available on the day of the game will need 14 bucks at the
Yentah at the National Car Reddle Center box office and I'll take a nice route. Let's
305 573 team 9 5 4 8 3 5 team and 5 6 1 9 9 8 team
So here's a thing from inside the Panther organization they fact me and I'm doing my best guys every
Yeah, I'd like to see that place packed
I made sure my given my tickets away even though we're not gonna be here tomorrow night
Make sure we got asses in our seats. I'll I'll never give anything away again on the air
But you know, I'm I so I again, it's not kind of like the thing with the FSU like with Peter work and
Laboriness calls. It's the same thing the way I feel about I'm kind of like ambivalent
Which usually I don't feel that way about anything as you know
I'm usually a hard-ass with one real hard opinion
But in this particular case, I mean, you know, I'd like to see the place full and
Pavel Burier and the guys deserve the hand that but on the other hand, I can sympathize with those people that just
You know
They got that a pretty marginal crop product there for two or three years and others saying well, you know
We just we can't afford the mortgage the house again, so we can go bring the game for a game
But there are plenty of seats available even though it's the red wings tomorrow night
So if you are so inclined, please go over there. Please we beg you and support your Florida Panthers. How do you like that? I do a good job
Nice job, Neil
So really stinks in there, huh Jason?
Somebody stole my box of incense brand new box
I just took one cone out of it. They took the whole box. See just when you think you got one problem solved like with his
OJ crap in our center one CDs getting repressed which we'll have in a few days
We this is just you know putting fires out and by the way speaking of putting out fires
You know the fire department that we were waiting for the other day when the sirens were going off
They're right up the street. I never done on me. I passed them every day on a way to work at ives-dory road
I could walk from here there in a minute and a half. Did they ever show up? No
So thank God to our friends from what was it advanced security systems or something like that? I do believe that's fire and safety
Advanced fire and safety. Thank you so much. That thing would still be blowing right now in the goddamn alarm too
What kind of services that for all you guys sliding up and down degrees pull right up the street here on ives-dory road from the fire department
Of course probably this place, you know, we can't afford to pay we probably don't have the contract because we can't afford to pay for it
So it's probably not connected to them
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's Miami. Hello
Hello, yes, sir
Yes, I like to talk to you about um
Religion and I totally agree with you on I think it's a total far. Yes. That's what Jesse said. It's a sham
For weak-minded people who need a crutch
I was watching court TV the other day, right and then had some guy a 19 year old kid who murdered a nine year old because he thought that god told him to do it
God to that and they're always saying that god either the god told them or the devil told them it's always one of the other
I was like private bastard right just just like Laverneus calls and at cult that they only stabbed himself in the neck up there
And they found one of his cult mates in a refrigerator locker dead or in a goddamn door nail admission can stay
More craziness. They're all looking for something. What are they looking for?
Yeah, I'm 25 years old and uh
My parents and family they praise religion. I just I just don't see it. Come to bug off
Exactly come to get with the program. Come to come to the 20th century. It's almost over. Okay pal god bless you
I think and I'll pray for you. I think
Let's pray for him right now, but we're hot ought to know et cetera. It's so on yaha
567 05 60 560 on I mean it's so ridiculous people mumbling a bunch of stuff
They don't even know what it means and if they didn't know what I mean they would all be going like
that
Or maybe like
Like that
God he keeps creating all these new viruses in this new tuberculosis is making a comeback and all these things
And then of course this woman in the paper today who's thanking God that they finally are doing something about the
Fend pen thing with his lawsuit, but she says it's too late because I feel so crappy
I'm not all that excited by thank the Lord they're doing something if the Lord is involved in this
How come he didn't create us like Superman? In vulnerable all of these things
So when some goddamn drug company tries to pet you a bunch of crap for fun and profit that it doesn't affect your body
huh? In fact, you wouldn't need any goddamn drugs if we were
Involverable and then they all be out of business. He made a flat way first, but then we sin
So yeah, that then he got pissed off and let me say it again. How could God get pissed off if he's perfect
It's such a short discussion
Doesn't have to be a long argument along discussion. It's just it's only a fool only a simpleton could believe that
Only a ninkin poop could believe that he made his perfect in the beginning
But then of course Eve you know was screwed around it was the parent of ground. I'm gonna convince to that
It was the parent of ground that really pissed him off
And then of course Noah that old drunk
He was the only good guy him and his family that was left
And so we had to flood and the god got pissed off again. He keeps getting pissed off even though he's perfect and his rat keeps waxing hot
That's what Brook Daniel said
Yeah, that bad wax jobs. Yes. That's what it was he heard her show
And God's rat wax hot right between his mouth and
560 505 60 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line
We're trying to find out why the Jamaicans and the black folks hate each other so much today
And then George is gonna pick on the white Cubans at noon
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey Neil. How you doing pretty good sir?
Kevin space. He has a revolving closet door, huh? He's in he's out. He's in he's out
Jeff Cohen has never been in and out as much as he is not bolted shut like trivolt and Tom Cruise all right, right? That's correct
But what I want to talk about did you see Jesse Ventura on letter?
He's out Henry Winkler. What is it? Did you see Governor Ventura on Letterman last night? No, I was at the no I don't watch
It was a candy put in I know letterman's a total silly old man now. Yeah too many pencils through the window
He didn't ask one question about the religious issue and it was just a glossed over interview
Yeah, because there's definitely
Popular media is a tool of of the government. I'm not sure of course it is
These people and there it's the establishment. They all say just like Kim russ you're there on me to press last Sunday
Oh, do you believe in God? Do you believe in Jesus? He backs him up against the wall
And he puts him in a position where he knows he's gonna have to give certain answers or he totally loses all his credibility
Because that's the American F in a way you can't really be a non-conformist and tell the truth in this country because the establishment wallets you do it
Well definitely. Yeah, the two n words you cannot say on the idiot boxes
Neg and no God nigger and no god and you can say nigger. Oh, you can't oh, okay, Sam nigger too. That's a Georgia's
I'm gonna say no that the show that precede you
I can't stand it. Yeah, but there's one guy with an annoying weasel voice that a lot of catch phrases
Oh, no, that's a beef hole that talks in cash phrases. Yeah, he sounds like the runtable litter who's that that's beef hole
Oh, that's beef. Oh, yeah, we're gonna have the beef hole when after on Monday morning. Okay. Let's play a great day
Okay, bye bye. Thanks for your extra taste in popular with contemporary radio
It's Friday
In theaters now from the producer of the sixth sense it's the seventh sense
I smell all people me too. They smell like Ben Gay and like mouthball
They smell like Albatore like two or a ball. It's the seventh sense. No, like an Albatore stuff with mouthball
Show me now
By the way, I think it was a sports part that the Jason Cutter and oh man
It's seeping through you. Thank God George finally found his incense just in the nicotine too by the way
It's all of the 30 at five 60 WQM. We got the hang coldberg show at two
And then we got Hank with Jimmy Johnson, which of course is not unusual because this week for some reason
They become joined at the hip and believe me. That's not a shot. It's just I'm saddened by that
But Jimmy has certainly got Hank's ear. There's no question about that
6745 talking baseball with my good close personal friend the surley Donnie B and 745. We got to mention the Zona again
56705 60 pound 560 on the 18t wireless line. Maybe we'll have some more great Panther fans calling and they tell us why they don't go to those games
Is it the money? Is it the crappy product? We had any ice for the last three years? Is that could that be it?
Is it the fact they don't like that crappy food over there? What is the reason? Huh?
Or maybe they just don't give a crap that could be it too. Here's a mobile and sunrise. Hello
Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing today? Okay. Good. Hey, this is where you forge back and this is his box
And I just want I he's probably listening today. He kind of wisdom people that today
I just wanted to say hey Ricky were you flush packing and um, I got my wife with me and I thought maybe if you get a chance today
I could you play south or around? We'll do it. Hey, thanks a lot Neil. Let me know. Will you flush back? Okay, pal. All right. I repeat urging
For whatever that means 5605 60 400 open lines here this half hour for your perusal
We've been rolling along smoking here today. You can almost smell it. Maybe it's the incense. God. I love that. Oh, I just like to sit around in the
Defintense all day
5607 05 60 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line
You notice how these other people because I know that a lot of you people out there got a very you harbor very very strong feelings about ethnic groups about blacks and about whites and about all these things
And I think it's a very healthy exercise
But I've noticed a tremendous reluctance even with our gigantic audience over these last 700 years on these stations
That nobody are almost nobody ever wants to really tell it the way they feel it
I'm not saying that just because you feel that way. It's accurate. Well, that it's uh, gonna be palatable to anybody
But why the hell they're not explain to us why it is that you hate the
whoever the hell it is
What is it about is the way they smell that bothers you along?
Is it the fact that their hygiene is very poor and that the hair is like all fizzled up and like?
I mean, what is it that bothers you the most or the fact that you feel endangered when you go to your ATM at two in the morning and the maybe one of those people one of those
Daddy behind you is that bother you?
They just won't say it. They won't spit it out. I see it's just like the thing with the words
with all these
horrible words, you know, faggot and nigger and spick
But they're just words. That's why we try to make render them meaningless like an excellent exercise. I think it's got some value
And if we just get a little bit once in a while
I know most of you are afraid somebody will recognize your voice and they'll say all that to edge shorts over there
He's a real piece of crap. He's an anti-Semite. He's the biggest whatever he is and maybe he is
Maybe he is maybe edge-fourth is a piece of crap
Well, what's wrong with being a piece of crap? I mean we can't all be great people like me
Here's my me lake. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I do a new great
5.670 5.60 pound 5.60 on the AT see that's why I hit little spicks
Is because of those three Julios that sit around with a little circle jerk every day and you know
It's so pathetic to me because that's the same line every time so within four seconds
We already know who it is. You don't even have enough smart to change the material
You're pathetic. You just tear my kishis out
And then of course I see a guy like Walt Denio and I say oh, I love those young Cuban guys
And it changes my whole tune, you know
Here's a mobile in market. Hello
Neil God. Yes, sir speaking
Neil real quick comment about Oprah. Yes, we'll feel quickly. Good to marry now
Meaning what? Well, hey, who's gonna want to vote for a woman that can't make a decision in her own personal life
Where they get married or not? Yeah, she never run into for anything. You don't think no shit for 400,000 years. He makes more than that in a week
Yeah, I'm gonna take a crap job like that. It's not the money issue with her. It's probably the power trade
No, she don't want any part of it believe me. It's the money trust me. Yeah, if I call someone to do a thing. Yes, sir
I didn't say on the air though. We're all done doing that
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless life he just asking permission to do it off here. Yes, sir
Neil God is granted you special dispensation
Potion you may do it
Here's Margate. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. What's up? I was at the king's game the other night. Yeah great game
No, why do you want to say why do you say that it was not a great game the last three minutes were great
The last minute and a half were good the last three minutes. Yeah
Well
I understand is how these the amount of fans that were there stupid they're gonna get a bench minor and they keep throwing the magnets on the
Because they're assholes because they're barbarians and they ought to be banned for life
But anyway, love your show don't listen all the time
But when I do love to listen bye God bless you, sir. We'll all pray for you
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line
Nobody wants to tell us why they aren't coming anymore. There maybe they just all left
Maybe all the people that used to go maybe they just didn't come back this year
Maybe they went someplace else and they decided we just not gonna go back to that bum four place
And of course I can't blame them for that
Could I blame them for that? No, no no way Jose
I don't think that's it though
I think it's the money. I think it's the food. I think it's the crap product that was on air two three years. It was very uninspiring
I think it's a lot of the propaganda from the organization
And that there's a certain credibility gap there
I don't want to mention no names, but they both are the same Marie
Here's a mobile and open park. Hello
Neil yes, sir. I can tell you why I won't go back. Okay
30 bucks to get in
$9 for a hotdog and a beer and hotdog tastes like crap right
And a wilted weeny what's that a wilted weeny really and I was so high up there
I thought like God was behind my left shoulder there. Yeah, the least I could do is provide oxygen, I think
That's it. Okay, thanks pal. Thanks for your refreshing honesty all you panther folks
I know you're listening over there believe me. I'm trying. I want to get those people in there believe me
No fun sitting in a goddamn mosque. The Liam like we had there are ones tonight
Boy, especially early because we usually get there early too early that that's gonna stop because what's the point?
There's nothing going on there
But I mean cheese like about 6 30. I thought the game you called off or something it was unbelievable atmosphere
You couldn't complain about the atmosphere in here because there wasn't any
Was deadly
And it was no you know none of those petunia pigs down there with their nose pressed up against the glass
You know those the jocks difference even they weren't there
Even for Luke Robota and Ray Whitney and pop albury they weren't there to get their nose pressed up against the glass to
sniff around
Maybe they got something in their nose
You know what I'm saying?
Maybe they have to benefit of some of the falloff from that money that was supposed to go to
Nobody in America can't believe that Greg Reed actually made that statement in that article and then by the way he don't deny it
He said that
He actually said that that thing in a paper about some of it went to OJ related expenses
Why would you say that why why would you say that?
Why would anybody with an IQ larger than a goddamn
mosquito
Why would they say that?
Of course, I forgot who I was talking about
Here's a mobile and Fort Lauderdale. Hello
Hello, yes sir.
Hey, oh yes, I am.
I
I graduated from high school 94 at Western right when I graduated we had 4,000 students
Which I think it's sort of a common date of us but the fact of our lunchrooms were packed and if you weren't a big asshole like me and pushed
To the front of the line
You wouldn't get your lunch until lunch was over and then you couldn't either to be late for class right as far as flammingon goes
You know if they didn't bus about 1500 people from about 30 miles across town into the school
Then you know it might be a little better
I know that a lot of people come out here with a suburbs all of these young shmucks that live out here in flammer pine
Yeah, to get away from the city and the people who inhabit the city and the fact that they're getting all of these city people
Bust in I know a lot of them aren't happy with it because I wait on them
That could have been a good idea. I thought we were all through with busing
I thought that was coming to a halt
Actually, they all they bus they bus a ton of kids from the Miramar McArthur area. Oh
Yeah, and so they love that because have a lot you know people and pember pines really aren't of
All right, right, and I'm not saying that I used to live in pember flakes
It's very very white there although it's also becoming very Hispanic there too. I mean heavy
We get a ton of people from
Monty Lakes exactly I hear rumor is there's only seven people left who speak English in pember pines
That could be wrong, but that's why I'm here in four five. I think it's a Vom speed Hebrew right
Actually, I was just in publics over there in pember pines getting some bagels and
Hey, exactly
The one right next door to cemetery village. Oh sure
There's about 15 dead people in produce and like 10 over in the bakery and as those in the bakery picking up my everything bagel
Some nine year old
Wacked into the back of some old other old man. Oh, it's broke his kneecaps
Uncle Permanent time in pember time
Please good. Don't don't need to pop you see once pager. Never pass you an extra test
Have a great day. I don't think I pass anyway peace. Okay, so you did he say oh he said peace
560.0560 pound 560. I thought he was doing French a pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line
I thought he said peace on them is what he said
Those old parts, you know, there's nothing wrong with getting old. I'm getting pretty guy damn old. Oh god
I'm I but you know something I still feel young because I live here
Oh, that's right
I'm so goddamn young. I'm embarrassed by it because Jesus Christ the median age here is at least death plus then
56 on a verge of 57 very soon. That's not so old down here at all. No like a spring chicken
So like I said, we like to argue at all, but you know
You got to do like you do in most other places shove all the old people off into one part of time
Don't don't let them loosen like civilized like pember pine
Pembroke lace was really very nice when I lived there and then they built that cemetery village and most of us flew out of there
We couldn't get away fast enough because
Conan in the barbarians without Conan from banging in the butt honey
pick
These
Yeah
I think it's old as the old figure out
Where hiding our latency
One thing is for sure
We get
Let me join
Was I close on the delicate sky
I go
I go
I go
I go
We think that we have better say
Oi
We say we're not gay
I say we're not gay
That's what Kevin Spacey said is he raced out the door running away from RuPaul and everybody went
Sure, they believe you
So see space a space act
14 till known at 560 WQM the George Wright Regatio from the two today is George rips white people
560 7 0 5 60
Pond 5 60 on the 18 about how do you mean update on his swing club show up as white famous?
Here's the sunrise hello
Hi Neil
Yes sir I heard you talking about with sports
I don't go I haven't gone to a sporting event in 30 years
Ever since I got cursed out by Jerry Grote and Al Weiss at a met game
Really?
Yeah, you have a big audience asking for autographs. I was like 10 years old. Yeah, and today they weren't giving them back that
I said you know something screw you and the last event I ever went to
Excellent
As far as I heard you with the blacks you know I'm like the most I used to be a June Alman atheist
I'm like the most prejudiced
I don't like anybody. Yeah, I mean I see this kid up at this kid this man up at fsu who does who the shoplifting
I did that when I was 13 I got home my parents beat the crap out of me never did it again. I mean it's about morals
Yeah, you know and another thing you know wait wait a minute you're talking about athletes and morals
Yeah, well it's just people people and morals right and then you know well then you throw into religious nuts
You know that's a whole nother story but I tell you something about them. Okay. I'm in sale
I show time shit down in prompano. Any time someone has any religious symbol on it cross or whatever
I make the sale 90% of the time because they all could be convinced
Yes, I just have this open mind and I just think it's I don't know if it's easy you know
Yeah, they're all easy you know they're dumb
But keep buying the time shit. Okay nice going pal I'll pray for you.
Five six seven I mean a bike would buy into that crap
I guess they'll buy anything talk about no sales resistance. Oh well God's getting pissed off you know
He's getting really upset even though he's perfect
So he keeps playing these games with us he couldn't just make us you know
Invulnerable like Superman couldn't do that no diseases no dying no all of this and of course we had to die
Because then otherwise if we weren't gonna die what could we be afraid of to believe all those fairy tales
Fear of death if you took away fear of death religion would all vanish tomorrow
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
Here's a mobile and point and B chill out and you know thanks for taking my call thanks for making your call sir
I'd like to address what you brought up earlier about why fans don't go out personally I'm a big
Big Panther fan right and I'd love to take my family unfortunately my one family member is three years old
And you have to pay for him and outside of the marlins they pretty much priced my family out of going to a sporting event
They don't give you a break for a young kid to sit on your lap right and Panther pack I'd love to go down and get a pack
But I live in West Palm so I'm not gonna drive down the NRC and for me to go to my local ticket master like there's a major concert going on sale tomorrow
I'm lined with 200 people it's not like there's any special one for Panther pack only right so you're in line with 200 other people for two hours
Just to get a Panther pack now God bless the marlins and although it's in somewhat amateur major league baseball still major league baseball
And I can at least afford to take my my three year old and my wife tomorrow in game every now and then but everybody else has become too corporate
And does not care about the family
It's interesting to see how desperate they're getting Pat right and not only they have that full-page ad for the heat and the paper
They have a pat right is running spots on this station where he's begging for people to buy tickets
And they're selling heat tickets for like eight and nine bucks and then those bleed up there
You know I heard that this morning and if you take a look at this if you take a look at the seats they're obstructed you seats you're not gonna see anything
Right I mean I I even gave out a shot but you can soak up the atmosphere though it'll be great
Oh well you know you you drive the drive the usher and get down a front with like I said you know that's not the right thing to do
And and major league sports needs to take away a little bit from the corporate to the sky boxes and think about the families
Or at least cut people with young kids and deal to get the three year make them money by me buying the $15 Styrofoam finger
And then the coax and and the hot dogs and everything else for the kid at least let the kid in for free
Okay amen
Thank you
Yeah you know he said the magic word corporate see that they thought they were being real smart real clever
But all these sky boxes and all the club seats and all that corporate you know buying up all these big chunks of seats
And guess what that was that was several years ago that started and everybody was saying then they're pricing the average ban out of the business
The average ban can't come in to enjoy it anymore they can't afford the punishment
And now you know when they get some corporate people that don't renew for whatever reason or a vanish or whatever happens all of a sudden it left with all these guy damn seats
Oh my god what do we do now who what ordinary mortals can afford the punishment here
Didn't take very long this is only our second year in the Macarena and after last year were they spectacular like 16,000 plus
Season tickets and almost every game 17 18 19,000 people now here we are. It's all coming home to roost all depending on that corporate crap when you price the average people out of it you got real problems baby
Here's Sonny Isle. Hello. Anyhow how you doing pretty good yeah another reason that you said there a day that eventually it's gonna be all pay-per-view
I think anyways with just some people playing and everyone sit home watching and everybody will have to pay for it if they want to see it on TV
Yeah, I think one reason everyone didn't go to the game the other day was because I think the mallans were playing at night too
Yeah, that might that would do it. I will see you at Nick Tauho's baby. Okay
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 80 yeah let's get the garbage plate. Nick Tauho's now you're talking
God that's what we need is a plate Nick Tauho's down here with it all and by the way almost forgot
See something good to look forward to we got steak and shake coming like any second now
See that is something they look forward to on you can do the acting there just don't eat the bun just with those weird little burgers
Pop them in your purse here's a mobile and for Lauderdale hello
Hey Neil how are you great okay here's my take on the thing with the pants over there yeah
Yeah exactly with a season ticket holder since day one up until last year I had tickets in the lower ball which is like $5500
You know every August I tremble when that bill came around on my American Express card figuring out you know I was going to pay for it
You know so this this last year I feel well I'm going to pay $5500 and I'm in the back row of the lower ball
I at least want to be moved down to the lower half of the lower ball where the you know the usher's 10 police people from you know getting up and switching seats
You know during play you know the whole first period up in the upper half of the lower ball people are moving around because they're not being police
So I requested to be moved down to the lower ball and the lower half of the lower ball and they just had you know ticket care less
And for the $5500 I said you know what I can be put to a coma in my living room instead of sitting in uncomfortable seats
You know for that kind of money so you know that's that's my take on it that's why I don't go
Okay and one other thing I don't know if you caught city link magazine I think was last week's issue
There was a little blurb in it about Jimmy Johnson when he was coming back from Denver game and then you know there was a threat of hurricane Floyd hitting
He was saying how he was never he was quoted how he was never going to fly American airline again but did you read that did you catch that thing
Okay I didn't know if you'd thought of it.
Yeah but you know I think we all say that we all say we're never going to fly American or whatever and then your choices are so limited you got no choice anyway.
He was just an inconsiderate asshole as far as you know he had no regard for anybody else you know to hold you in the middle guy.
He's a totally soft indulgent prick there's no question about that that's Jimmy Johnson.
He is he thinks the world revolves around him.
Right that's right.
And closing.
But don't forget don't forget we got a shot.
Yeah exactly a couple more times right in the head.
Okay.
And in closing please can you do anything about those Joe Rose spots for extra terrific deal.
Yeah absolutely.
I mean I got it.
I was on the radio.
I think that's a George during the last break off the air I said oh boy these these just send me over the edge you know.
There is there's nothing more irritating than him doing a spot that was like the other one for air around the clock when he used to think.
Yeah.
It should be absolutely worse I mean he's saying they got to put a microphone on him.
I mean if he was someone in television telling it would be one thing but you know he definitely is not that.
You're losing contact with reality now sir.
I haven't heard that.
I just you know I sometimes ask for too much.
Okay see ya.
Take it easy.
Joe is a great guy never still afraid to him.
I'm not talking about Joe Castella who just sat down in there looking me like well I'm talking about Joe Rose.
He's a good guy but he's a little low you know.
He's a jock what do you want?
He's a jock in addition to which he's had a lot of stress because Danny's taking all of this heat this week.
Taking all these shots from Jimmy from Jimmy G.L. Bird Johnson we could have a shot Johnson.
And Joe just crumbles under the pressure that you know what I said he looks like he's eight ten years this week.
You see him this morning.
God he slumped up there against the guy damn wall.
I know this is a little late.
Yeah you can do that loop back rope before he split.
Oh Jesus no problem.
Instead of my law switch it out with because I don't know if it's up to date on the recorded stuff.
Okay.
I'm going to Roy Foster here.
Yeah I used to be a big football star but now we're here.
You're listening to the most straight up person I know.
George.
God.
What's all crazy about this incredible cool idea?
We can't stop all day.
Just in the flowing hell out though.
You want the okay and okay?
But I can't stop it now.
Now here's our day and our season.
Whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa
whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa
whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa
, yeah, it was a double-two five six, WC, I am all I'm sorry, like I said I forgot how that thing ended. So anyway, it's the George kills two hours and Joe talks about his racing show, so you know you're gonna get to the airport show, takes him about 20 minutes. So we got to bank it good for about 20 minutes then he won't be listening anymore, and then we can just play a Delirium for the rest of the day. That's our musical guest for these two hours is a Delirium. Remember the, you broke down Palace soundtrack. I was playing you cussed off of unfortunately, I left it in my car. Thank you Tracy, nearly.
I actually went out and bought a CD for the first time in a long time and it's
Delirium. If anybody knows anything about these people, call and tell me about it
because it's interesting stuff. It's good stuff. And it sounds kind of like a
Nigma, most of it, drum machine, Gothic, chanting, sounding stuff. But it's sort of
like an Alan Parsons project, sort of deal where they collaborate with people
and one of the cuts that I'm going to play is that I written by Delirix R and it's
sung by Sarah McLaughlin. But there's other people, mostly female vocalists. I think
it's all female vocalists, the ones that aren't instrumental. But the music's
written by these people. So that's what I'll be killing time with when I run out
of things to say which I don't think I will. I think I have two hours worth of
stuff and I won't have to take a call between the center one thing which I'm
going to talk about. I'm going to give my take on that whole deal and send some
messages out to some people. I got to finish the swinging story because I'll
even though, well, how many times did I say during that show, don't call me and
tell me to, you know, ask for the conclusion of the swinging story. I'm going to
say that for when I get on the air. How many times 150,000 times that I say, don't
call me off the air when Neil gets back and ask me to finish the swinging
story. I'm going to say that for material for the next time I go on the air
because everybody was hanging on the edges of their seats all these four years
out there who apparently have no sex lives of their own. So here's the rest of
the swinging story really quickly. I'll try to bang that out before the break so
that I can talk about this other stuff that I want to talk about including
Los Van Van and I have a new and improved OJ angle that I think is going to
satisfy everyone because it all ties in sort of with what I'm going to be
saying here. But anyway, the swinging story, when we last left George and his
swinging life, wife, life, not yet. We haven't done anything yet. There you go.
We haven't done anything. We went to the Boca barbecue where Mr. and Mrs. X
were supposed to show up and we were going to get to know each other a little
bit better but they shined and I don't know why. Whatever. Brian said that they
seemed kind of wishy-washy about going and I don't understand that. It kind of
led us to believe that maybe they didn't want to actually do anything
socially. They just wanted to get together and well we weren't ready for that.
We weren't quite ready for that yet by we I mean her. So they didn't show up.
We didn't call them. We went back to Plato's on a what was it a week later? The
guy had by all I don't know where you guys went. Your girlfriend's dress broke.
The zipper broke or something like that and she couldn't put her clothes back on.
Did you ever wind up in a towel? That was that was at the end of the night pretty much
well. Okay. Out the whole time. Anyway, and it turns out that girl that was coming
on to me and everything turns out she was a stripper so she was telling the
wife's friend that she's a stripper so and you know how I feel about that.
How do you know this? She told the wife's friend. Speaking of the wife's
friend. Do you have the size? And remember my friend who we will refer to as Dudley
Do Right on the Show. I told you the story but there's there's a rest of the story.
Took a friend with us because first of all there were going to be more females
than males so there was room for another guy to come with and I asked my friend to come along
for various reasons but most importantly because he had just had an incident the day before
with his girlfriend. They were at a place her ex boyfriend showed up and gets in my friend's
face. My friend we will refer to him as Dudley Do Right. You might have heard me mention him before
as the guy whose wife was a slut and was bagging everybody that he knew she was having sex with
all their mutual friends and he caught her and it was big messy divorce and everything and how
the jackal missed her I don't know. I guess I just never caught her alone. So but anyway every time
I make a joke like that around him he goes, that's a funny man. That's a funny. Yeah it is.
It's hysterical. Everybody else laughs but I can't you know nobody can even cheat around him.
All the married people that he knows they can't have any infidelities around him or he starts
preaching at them. Dudley Do Right. Because he had a horrible experience so cheating is poisoned
to him and besides he's like the last straight anal retinue guy on the planet. He's the one
that women talk about wanting to find but actually when they do find one they screw them over
and treat them like crap like his wife did anyway. Hey there boss that's your new PD.
It's going on. Clarence. The PD. Staying on top of things. Calling up with schedule changes.
I noticed you didn't reprint the schedule though and come running in here in the middle of the show.
Not that bad yet. Shut up you're making him cry. I'm sorry.
So anyway so Dudley Do Right goes to the club with us and he gets late. Okay he needed to get
late. Oh wait I'm getting ahead of myself. I got to finish this before the break because then
I'm not going to talk about it anymore. I got too much to cover. So Dudley Do Right.
He's with his girlfriend at a place and her ex-boyfriend shows up and gets in Dudley's face
all about you better treat her right you better this or you better that or else.
One of those kinds of things and Dudley says hey you know I'll treat her right and everything but
not because you're in my face mother f***er and if you want a tangle you know let's go.
If you want to dance I'll play the music that kind of thing because he's not a small guy. He's
a strapped man my friend Dudley. So they have some words and they're yelling back and forth.
Now what? Listen the drilling the old man left the building what 30 seconds ago five minutes to
go and they start drilling immediately they saw him leaving so they think it's safe to drill.
Well that's because it's just you it's just me I don't you know what whatever it is just me the
audience can enjoy the ambiance along with me I don't you know I don't give a crap right now
because it's nothing compared to what I've been going through the whole week with the center one
thing which I will get into you sound very wound up and very wound up I've been drinking coffee
a lot of coffee very wound up very jacked this is the first day that I've actually had any energy
I've been beaten dog been beaten over the center one thing starting Monday when Neil came in and said
you know when I first heard that there was a problem with the disc because we didn't hear that but I
get ahead of myself so Dudley and girlfriend x boyfriend have words and Dudley's girlfriend
actually has the nerve to have a problem with him Dudley why are you yelling at him why are you
this nut in other words she sides with the x boyfriend who happened to show up on the scene with a
chicken his car so what does that mean so this girl who Dudley is dating is bitching out Dudley
for having words with her x boyfriend who started the argument in the first place and he
doesn't want me to say anything about it on the air because he doesn't want it to get back to her
in case she might be listening or mutual friends might be listening because he just want to do
anything to jeopardize their relationship so that basically they had a big fight and they broke
up the day before and Dudley was all depressed so I said come on Dudley come to the swing club maybe
you'll get lucky and he did and here's the punch line he didn't want me telling anybody that he got
laid how many guys do you know don't want people to know when they got laid unless of course they're
married or in a relationship here's the kind of people I hang out with I wanted to strangle him
except like I said he's much bigger than me I thought I said I want to go because I thought I was
going to be doing the show the next day I don't know why or the following week I don't know why it
was one of those if he think I can't remember I thought I was but then I didn't it was one of
those maybe holidays maybe he would come in I forget why but that was the whole thing oh you're
going to be if you do the show you can't talk about this you can't mention this and I'm like any
other guy would be like talk about it talk about it rub the bitch of faith in the fact that I got
laid the day after we broke up right isn't that how you'd be I tell a lot of men that's how a lot
of men would be you you you you're you're right there with him you're Dudley Jr you're just
you're just scared of the girl I've never been so insulted in all my life you're just scared of
the girlfriend I'm scared of your girlfriend too but I'm playing you 12 10 on 5 60 WQA that's when
the judge came at me I love the subrenows each week on HBO by my TVI'll be staying set up by
Tick Trozak Daily wants to be with Fox to melt the one thing I know I just love the subrano
women All 16 amnes
Him and Carm that are living in New Jersey
They are family
Go to Butterfinger
Naked girls dancing
Oh, the time
Big Butter Butterfinger
Butterfinger
They avoid the cops, they don't stop
I love the surprise
Oh, yeah, I love them
We will see what Tony has to see
Big pussy out his mommy
It's crazy, I want nobody
Nobody, nobody, nobody
Nobody, I know
I want nobody, nobody
Nobody to miss this show
It's beyond the sun
Redo's oh yeah, I can't see them
1217-560-WQAM
It is a great show
Thank you, Wilka Bryan for taping the entire season for me
We watched it like marathon fashion
And we are really depressed when we got to the last one
So hurry up, make some more of them
You haven't seen it yet, have you?
He's going to give me a copy of the tape
Excellent, excellent stuff
Oh wait, I actually have a...
If I ever find it
Kind of lingus and psychiatry brought us to this
No, meddling and obfuscation brought us to this
I wanted to talk about the center one thing
What you think I should finish the swing thing
So here's where we are, haven't done anything yet
Dudley do right
And the girlfriend stayed broken up
She got back together with the ex-boyfriend that got in
See?
See?
How he bent over backwards
To make sure that she didn't get her feelings hurt
And she wound up going back to this asshole
And I told him, she's a pig, you know, I didn't say she's a pig, I never saw the girl
But I really liked her, maybe he liked her
Oh, then to make you want a pukes
Makes me want a pukes, where's the pukes
I can't find anything on this thing
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10, 5, 6, 10, 5, 6, 10, 5, 6, 10, 6, 10, 8, 18, 2, wireless line
And by the way, speaking of 18, 2, wireless
We're so far, that's the only place that you can make a free call
And I was going to spend the entire two hours talking about
Producer peeps, things that bug me when I'm sitting in the other room there
Let me just bang one out real quick
All you people that are calling on mobiles and paying for it, you don't get on faster than anybody else
Number 1, we don't know if you're really paying for it or if you're lying
So I have to presume that you're lying because the city's full of liars
And number 2, that's not the criteria for getting on fast
Again, it's like going shopping in a taxi cab
What kind of people go shopping in taxi cab?
Either rich people who can afford it or really stupid people who think they're going to be able to cut to the front of the line
Because they've got a meter running out in the parking lot
Either you're going to afford to make the call or you can't
And so simple as that
And if you can't, Jesus Christ, what was that?
Now they're not going to be stealing it in honest again
You should have heard that, well you probably did hear it yesterday
When they were banging the cable through because you're right across the hall
They were right over our heads
I thought the plaster, well we don't have plaster, we have those things
But I thought the plaster was going to come cave and down on it
I'm all over the place, like you said
I got to consolidate it
Let me finish the swing here
You're a tornado, we're going to trapeze
Not this weekend, maybe the 23rd, maybe
It's in pencil
Because we have to check the trapeze out to give a report on that
And besides, Ellen says he's going to hook this up so we'll see
And everybody that I talk to about is like, ooh, what if they get busted?
What if they get busted?
I hope they get busted with me there
I want my picture in the paper
Big print, I'll pose, I'll, you know, I'll vogue for the cameras and stuff
I'll grab people that are being carried out and posed
Got three guests found on circumcised
No, what a giveaway
Let the cat ride out of the bag with that one
But that would be excellent publicity
And then you know, the big trial and everything
And maybe I can get Norm Kent to defend me
I got to talk about him too
I got too much stuff, that's why I'm whirling like a dervish
I have too many things and I want to cover them all
And I actually want to get a couple of phone calls in and maybe one delirium phone
So this little old lady comes up during the appearance
And she's, we had this long ass table
You wouldn't know because you didn't go because you were what, racing that day?
I was racing that day, how'd you do?
Very, very poorly, I'm sorry, but anyways, back to me
So we're sitting there and I'm like all the way at the far end of the table
And this little old lady and she's, she's shuffling by
And she's looking in between those people lined up kind of along the length of the table in front of us
And the center one people were on the left and we're over here on the right, my right
And she's, you see her coming down the length of the table looking in between everybody
I eat you which, where's George?
Are you George and get, you know, to everybody
And so she finally gets to the end and gets to the end and towards me
I listen to you show you do a very good job, but I got to tell you
And she leans in close and waves her gnarly, shaky finger in my face
Don't do it, don't do that thing that you're talking about doing
That swing and thing, don't do that
I never did that, but I knew some people that did that
And it went very badly for them, they got a divorce, both couples got a big fight and got a divorce, don't do that thing
So everybody's like really concerned about my sex life now, I think it's very sweet and touching
So anyway, that's where we're at, nothing has happened, we're going to trap you
And maybe there'll be some better looking guys there, maybe the wife will get appropriately drunk
You need to make your own mistakes man, I'm telling you, exactly
And again, I'm not content to sit on the sidelines and watch other people
I want to be able to talk about this, like an informed person to be able to say
Yeah, this, yeah, that
The only thing, you know, something that never came up while we were talking about it that actually is a concern
Now everybody around me is going to think that I'm after their wife
Let me just say this, I'm no more after their wife now than I was five minutes ago
Okay, I'm after everybody's wife anyway
Everybody's after everybody else is wife, we just don't admit it, we just don't talk about it
Okay, but somehow, like when you're a swinger, which I'm not, all of a sudden is like, oh, you invited us to a party, maybe they're going to make a pass at it
You know, no more than any other time, you know what I mean?
In fact, they should be happy that you've come out with this
Because at least now they know to keep an eye on you
If you're before, you were like Mr. Stuthbomber
Oh yeah, but that's every guy, I mean, you don't trust your male friend, do you really?
Some of them I do
Duh, get out
And he was a nut to code
What if he was drunk?
Doesn't matter
All right, in fact, there are some I trust more and some might become the West, right?
You are one of the less
Yeah, no, don't trust me, don't trust me at all
At all, drunk sober, whatever
It's the jackal baby, I can't help it
So anyway, that's it, done with the other swing and thing
How much time? Now we can get into the center one thing, the CD
Everything was going great to give people a kneel talked about the background of this
So I won't rehash everything that he said
But just to fill in some blanks
Fundraising, doing charity events
Was never that never came for me, that was never my idea, that was something that was going on with the show
When I became the producer and I was more than happy to do whatever it took to be a part of whatever was it was going on
Even though it was a lot of extra work, it's a charity, nobody makes any money for it, etc. and so on
And you heard Neil talk about every time we, you know, at IOD we had real promotions departments
All we did was we mastered things and I typed out the Q-sheets and the information that goes on the front label
And the back label and everything and gave that to the promotions department
And yes, I still had to be involved to a certain extent
Listening to the demo, listening to the master, proofreading the covers, things like that
More involved than I ever wanted to be, but nevertheless, you know, big what, keep paying for my car and Neil
Thank you very much, that's for you, you know, no big what, so we come over here last year
And I get worse than no help, I get fake help, I get the promotions department saying, oh yeah, we'll do this, we'll do that
And I'll see what we can do in the month goes by, six weeks go by
And nothing's happening and then all of a sudden it's too late to do anything except pick up the ball that's called cobweb coded
Pick up the ball and run really fast, which is what I did last year all by my loan, some
I'm patting myself on the back, no help from anyone except for Carol at center one who obviously they have to get involved
They have to get involved, they're the people making the money, right?
You know, go to the lithograph people, design some artwork, turn up some labels, go to the CD people negotiate
You know, I sat there with a phone book on my lap making all these calls calling people trying to find the cheapest people that would press the CDs that would get it done within a certain time slot and found trackmasters who's track master no less on the end
Thank you Bruce Parsons at track master who came through for us last year and who is coming to our rescue this year since green solution that I guess we can mention them now since they're not standing behind their product
Much like the other people, did I say house master green solutions house master track master house master with the people that screwed up my home inspection and cost me a free roof and also didn't stand behind their money back guarantee
But I'm getting all over the place again so this year we find GPG Dara who used to work here who left on very bad terms I'm told by Luanne being a very caddy bitch about the whole thing
Talking to her and passing about what she's doing now lo and behold she's working for a place that happens to be like a company that does any kind of promotions for companies that don't have their own internal promotion department a spin off of a bigger company that had a really kick ass promotion department
They do anything t-shirts bumper stickers billboards web design CD ROMs CDs anything like that wow that's like oh I wish you know we had something like that to do the center one campaign ways and she says let me see what I can do let me talk to the bosses and see if they want to do some things and make a long story short they said yes we'll do your stuff for a cost we'll donate all of our work and the only thing that center one will wind up paying for is the material pressing these things went met with them with Carol from center one
Listen to everything that they had to offer sounded great we were going to do a better job than last year for less money center once said to save for like around four grand maybe even five in
In savings by going this route and having them do all the legwork and all the design and everything for us since we were not getting any help from the station so anyway we found out what happened with the disc the people green solutions to actually press the disc
It might have done some people inside this building know that Darra didn't actually press the disc herself she didn't unlike broke Daniel she didn't pour hot wax between her thighs and press the disc herself some other people press them very poorly and they came out crappy and they tried to blame the master and if I had given them a master of distorted noisy dog fart the CD should be able to queue up and play distorted noisy dog fart
But some of the tracks wouldn't keep up and it's skip you heard all the calls and everything like that it wasn't gpgs fault global productions group it was these people who pressed the disc but nevertheless gpgs stood up and stood by their work and their contact and they're probably going to have to eat the cost of this first batch of discs
So thank you to them and Tom and Darra and Bill Callahan the creative director over there for making a new master so very quickly and so very nicely and thank you to track master for doing all the extra effort they're going to try to get it done in record time they're bringing in all kinds of extra you know Mexican beener laborer to hand assemble the disc and sending them out to be machine assembled and everything why are you growing who's bugging you stupid collars. Oh okay, gee what a novelty.
Where's Neil? You know what to the airport asshole you can leave in the middle of his show. Whatever the fuck he wants. I can't leave in the middle of my work.
Well, maybe if he got a real job maybe if he was a big fat radio star he could leave in the middle of his work. So anyway to be continued because I want to take some time to send a special love message to some people who like to get involved after the fact not to do anything helpful mind you but just a bust my chop over things that had nothing to do with me.
1228 on 560 WQ a.m. Ladies and gentlemen murder O.J. Simpson. Hi, I'm O.J. Do you have unsightly acne that you want to get rid of? Well my new acne medicine from Revlon will fit the bill.
It's the Nicole Simpson anti acne and bruise cover up this new acne medicine from hell hides acne beatings and even stab wounds only 2995.
Go 1 800 O.J. Scans. Come here honky bitch. Mofo.
Yeah. Hi. Oh, you're a distance. What the fuck you hit me? Rub all my grief. Rub it on. Rub it on. Rub this while you're at it.
Oh, Jay real horny since Nikki did. Get lost. My bruise cover up is on every woman I've loved and you don't even know it.
27 to 1560 WQ a.m. Before I finish the center one story let me take some calls because these people been holding a long time and I have absolutely no idea why it decided if they waited a half hours just to tell me that I suck but I think that's probably what it's going to be.
Hello, mobile and homestead. Hello, mobile and homestead. Goodbye mobile and homestead. Davy hello by the way these new buttons work. Thank you George Corsta. Davy.
Hey George I don't. All right. I got some issues with white people. Can I lay that for you? Yeah go ahead lay that.
First of all they lay out in the front of the day. You want to look black. Right. I don't like black people. I don't want black guys to date their daughters.
No, but it's okay if there's Michael Jordan or somebody like that. No, I don't want any black people might no matter how much you're cute but it's different.
They don't like black people at all. There is money and no money. Right. Exactly. I'm just talking about the hypocritical white people. Although I would trade places with a black man if I could have a big penis to go with it. I would trade places.
Yeah, but anyway, I got very jealous. I think that's a lot of what's going on is we're very jealous of the big shlongs. There's a lot of penis envy.
But then again, you got people like families like the Kennedys who've rape killed and cheated on their wives. Right. They continually get elected to public offices and black people vote for them.
But you want to talk about OJ and black people all the time. Why don't you talk about Ted Kennedy and the rest of the Kennedys who I don't like the Kennedys. I've done. I've said as much.
But OJ is not a black issue. I don't dislike OJ because he has a lot of white people that have killed this power. That doesn't make it right.
That doesn't make it right. I talk about some of them sometimes. Black people who listen to this radio station get tired of you just harping off.
I'd better go listen to WEDR because I'm going to be talking about OJ today because he's a murdering scumbag and we don't want to be associated with him.
But if you want to stay tuned and listen to what I have to say about OJ, I think you might be pleasantly surprised. Mobile and Coral Springs, hello.
Hey, George, how you doing?
Hey, I wanted to ask you about getting any feedback on Phil Henry's show.
No, except that it's on. Wait, wrong line. Kendall, hello. Hello, Kendall.
Hi. George. Yes. I want to give you some support. The previous color, the penultimate color. I think that you have it right on.
I hope that whatever you're going to say about OJ Simpson is not to have land issue.
No, you're going to like it. I hope so. I just want to tell that color. Is that about blacks? Is that about Cubans? Is that about these?
Is that about being a murderer? But murder is getting away with it. Yes, sir. Because they're rich. That is correct.
If OJ had been a po black man, he would have gone away with money. Now, when he gets caught in the trap, then he starts reaching out to his people. That's wrong.
Right. The people who he snubbed all his life by the way. You've got it, George. Absolutely.
So anyway, back to the center one thing because it actually does tie in with the OJ thing because obviously there was some fallout behind having OJ involved with that golf tournament that a lot of people inside this building, not only did they know about it, but they were actively actively involved in making it go on.
And it's funny that watching the attitude of these people change when they actually see one of their peers, one of their accomplices, one of their partners in crime being dragged kicking and screaming down the hall to the room at the end. That's got the electric chair in it.
Although the sudden everybody's trying to scramble around, covering their asses, distancing themselves from the event, and especially the OJ aspect of the event, and also calling up people who had nothing to do with it and busing their chops like somebody called me on the extension a couple days ago.
So third degree me over, you know, who, how did we get hooked up with these people and why didn't we use the same people we used last year and why doesn't one of that, it's really amusing to me to be third degree by people who aren't my boss by the way.
You know, I had to ask a whole bunch of stupid questions about something that they had nothing to do with because the only involvement that the sales department has with center one is trying to get Neil into as many places as they can for free to give a big kiss on the forehead to blue chip sponsors, which is all fine.
Which is fine and great as long as the sponsor is doing the right thing which specs is doing this year by the way. We appreciate everything that they're doing but nevertheless they're getting Neil Rogers in their pad for free on several occasions throughout the campaign not to mention we talk about them throughout the campaign.
They carry the product in their stores so we're constantly telling people on the air and off the air, specs is where to go to get the Neil Rogers product three months of relatively free advertising in other words it doesn't cost them any real dollars it costs a little bit of effort on their part and they can write it all off you know if they actually have to bring extra help in which I doubt because that's what they do is put displays up we see them.
So I don't think they actually do have to take any extra time except they are they're they're going to print it up see the little thing that hang in there you haven't seen that we all got those everybody in the stores wearing them those little badges you see it hanging from the bullet and I see it on a monitor and my is you weren't at the appearance to you were busy racing you were busy with with redneck fun on getting I know acceptable you can have that one I'll get another one alright okay so anyway they're wearing these badges with the cover the CD on it that's a GPG did a fine.
They're making you look like the Pope and everything like that and by the way I can't say enough niceness about them that I mentioned that they're going to eat the cost of these discs even though it's not their fault and it's not dars fault.
It's like I'm driving a truck full of bread to some starving people why am I driving the truck because nobody else was driving it the truck was just sitting there in the bread with getting ready to go moldy and the starving people were starving so nobody else is doing anything so I got in the truck and I start driving it over to where the starving people are and on the way there I have a blowout
I'm switching and sparks and screech to a halt on the side of the road and the bread is going moldy so as fast as I can I'm trying to fix the tire right and instead of anybody helping me which you know I don't know how many people it takes to change a tire one which I don't need any help I'm doing it as fast as I can I got people like some people in this building and norm can't questioning why did you choose this truck why didn't you notice these tires were bald why were you in the fast lane didn't you see that there was glass in this lane shut up and get it up and get it up and
get away from me all you people quite frankly all of you people who are doing nothing to help me who are doing everything that you can to help yourself norm freaking Kent I get a voicemail the other day and it's from the the PWA the people with aid association they're giving norm in a war the MVP of the year award their most appreciated guy great wonderful beautiful there's a wall of plaques over here for Neil by the way this is about five awards over here from center one for all of the efforts that Neil has done and
you know the hundreds of thousands of dollars that Neil has raised for them over the years and great I don't I don't remember ever getting a thank you card but that's fine I don't want to thank you card I just want to be left alone by people who are not who were not helpful in the beginning and we're nowhere to be found when people needed to be doing some things in the beginning but because the CDs came out bad and because the shit hit the fan and some people got some splatter on them apparently they're they're running around scrambling and they're going to bust my child
even though I need not be involved with it at all real it does kind of sound like it was all your fault yeah yeah you know I own I own a CD factory don't you know I I have my own record label Jack or record it's it's just an excuse to sexually harass people
so anyway the CDs came out bad as fast as I could the minute he walked in and said listen to this he played some cuts it was bad I was on the phone immediately as soon as the GP people found out the CDs were bad they were on the phone immediately
with the people who pressed them trying to get them to to fix the problem they refused to so we went started back at square one they work day and night cutting new masters I went driving up there they're on their in deer field he'll grow each
bull of our driving up there listening to masters the manager drove a master down I met him on the road I listened to to a day until we got it right the track master they found them
they're going to bring in extra help get this thing fixed as quickly as possible everyone involved is doing everything that they can to get this thing fixed as quickly
as possible and I've got people that aren't involved calling up bust in my chops norm can calling me in the middle of dinner to to third degree me because no you know because Neil called him bitching him out because center one was his whole high idea in the to begin with that's how
Neil got hooked up with center one is that's norms pet charity and norm talk Neil into doing center one when Camilla's house snubbed us years ago everyone remembers that story
and if you don't too bad because I'm not going to repeat it but that's how that got going so I don't know what norm is doing to win his awards I'm sure that it's something but as far as getting the CDs press he was doing nothing to help us and you're not helping me by calling me in the middle of dinner my my you know down time and asking me a bunch of stupid questions but this was the most retarded conversation I ever had in my life five times he goes Neil wants to know when the new discs are going to be pressed and I'm saying no
let me do it again no norm Neil wants to know I want to know like I'm withholding information let me let me pull an answer out of my ass norm what could you pull out of yours 17 to one on five 60 WQ I am
I can understand there will be no
And
That's really, any family will care too, really.
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
We have some progress, they're right there, that's right.
Ah!
We have some progress, they're right there, that's right.
Ah!
I was easy, was that key?
Why was anyone's business easy?
And with me, weren't it last key?
The grandma was the real character of me.
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah, ah!
Ah!
Ah!
We have some progress, they're right there, that's right.
Ah!
We have some progress, they're right there, that's right.
We have a program to live in a place.
Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow.
1141560WQAM, that's number one with a bullet inside the building.
Anyway, we can't play that enough for the staffers in here.
He had a big party in here yesterday listening to that.
People hadn't seen in years.
We're in here listening to that.
I uncategorically deny any participation.
Yeah.
Joe wrote it.
Joe Castello wrote that song, by the way, suggested the lyrics and the music to Bocabrine.
So anyway, continuing right along, there's this message, PWA, people with AIDS, they're
giving Norm some big, a Hoi-Di-Toi award.
The question that they are asking is, would Neil Rogers like to present the award?
So I ask Neil and play the message for him.
And he says, and I quote, when they're giving an award for the most useless son of a
bitch on the planet, then I'll present it to Norm Kent.
I'm just quoting their norm in case you might be listening.
But you pissed me off and I don't know what I did to deserve it.
Thanks, by the way, for putting me on Neil's contract, for putting that post-it note on
the back that says, oh yeah, and George too.
You know, didn't say anything about my bonus and I had to fight these people for a year
to get my bonus for two years I was making less money than I had been.
I came over here for a pay cut basically is what I'd amounted to because he didn't put
the word bonus in that paragraph that mentioned me that says, oh yeah, and George too.
Right at the end of Neil's contract, right before the people sign it.
But thanks, Norm.
Thanks for thinking to me.
So Neil said that when all this crap happened about the CDs, Neil calls, we was calling everybody
and just bitching them out for basically not being involved in the beginning.
You know, he was lashing out in all directions like sh** hitting the fan.
It was going everywhere.
And last time I checked, I was the only one inside this building that actually A had anything
to do with getting the product made, the different products made in the first place.
I was the only person inside the building that was doing anything to get the problem fixed
as quickly as possible in the second place.
But we got Norm calling up, so Neil called them.
He called back four hours later on the hotline which Neil can't talk off the air on and he knows that.
But he still continues to call that number for some crazy reason.
And returning Neil's call and it was right towards the end of the break.
So really quickly, right towards the end of the break, Neil's Norm.
What should I tell him?
Neil gives me the message of telling.
That was four hours ago telling him it's been taken care of, telling him to bug off.
I give Norm the message.
He says, OK, I say OK.
I hang up and start answering the calls.
There were about three or four lines ringing at the same time.
There were only two calls on hold.
You know how it is.
When you're doing a talk show, you want the people locked up and loaded so that you can talk to them
and not Norm does talk shows or at least has once upon a time.
So he's supposed to understand that he calls back.
I don't appreciate the rude and unprofessional way that you just hung up on me.
I said, Norm, I thought we were done.
You know what I'm talking about.
And he's all surly.
Yeah.
I said, Norm, you've done this before.
You know what a producer is supposed to do.
Don't get that way.
Don't be that way.
And now the phone lines continue to ring.
And Neil's getting a surly look on his face as he does when I'm sitting in their hawk
and a china with somebody and not producing the show because if there's one thing that Neil
always holds true to is no matter what's going on, he's going to do a quality show.
And then after the show, he'll go nuts to the appropriate people, et cetera, and so
on.
But while the show is going on, he's doing a show.
And while the show is going on, I'm supposed to be helping him do the show because that's
my job as a producer.
Something that Norm can't, doesn't understand.
So he's calling me and bitching me out, bitching me out, and again, preventing me from doing
what I'm supposed to be doing.
And Neil's going to be pissed at me any second now and he's bitching me out about that.
So I got to listen to that.
And then he calls me at home with this ridiculous conversation.
Neil would like to know when everybody would like to know you moron.
We would like to know.
And Neil will know the second I know, like I'm holding information back.
But anyway, so that's my venting and now the OJ thing because that ties in with the Luann
thing, which that's the explanation for there.
Why is she calling me up, giving me the third degree acting like she's my boss, asking me
a whole bunch of questions.
Number one, because she had an extra grind, but you know, with Dara, you know, she didn't
leave on very friendly terms.
She left on very unfriendly terms.
Everyone leaves here on very unfriendly terms.
They usually leave being carried off by the people with a butterfly net and the white
coats, the good humor men come and drag them out of here.
This place is the opposite of an insane asylum.
It's a psycho factory.
You know how an insane asylum is a place where crazy people go to get better.
This is a place where well people come to go crazy.
And they're usually dragged out, foaming at the mouth, babbling like idiots wrapped up in
a straight jacket.
No one leaves here on good terms.
And I applaud Dara for hooking up with a good outfit.
The GPG people are an excellent outfit up in your field beach.
I recommend them because they stand by their work.
Unlike green solutions, unlike housemasters who screwed me out of a new roof.
And when I called them and said, hey, your roof, the inspector really screwed us and said
that the roof is fine when it's not.
Oh, you're a liar.
Your wife is a liar.
That's how many companies are.
There are a few companies as far as I know that when a mistake happens, are very quick
to jump up, take responsibility, and scramble to fix it as quickly as possible, which is
what these people did.
And if it weren't for these people being in the middle of it, center one would have to
eat the cost of those discs, producing all those crappy-ass discs, since the people who
produced them are not accepting responsibility for it.
So thank God we have these people.
And they're not making any money to begin with.
They're going through all this grief, hours of work, and now hours of rework, and probably
going to wind up spending thousands of dollars covering up other people's mistakes over
a project that they were doing for charity, just to be able to put their logo on the disc
and on the t-shirt.
So thank you to all those guys Tom and Dara and Bill Callahan and the creative services
creative director who burned a mean demo.
You should have listened to that thing.
He made some of the bits sound better than not as in the original, running them through
the equalizer and the doohickey and the Yehudi framisin, all that stuff that he did.
Excellent fine job.
So the OJ thing ties in with that because all of a sudden when you see a head, one of
your partners in crime start rolling down the hall, bouncing down the hall, it's time
to scramble and do something and start deflecting and start pointing the finger at other people.
Like oh look, he embarrassed us too.
Look what he did.
He got involved with some people who were bad people.
Look what he did.
He's bad.
I guarantee that bad CDs didn't go anywhere near what am I trying to say.
The embarrassment factor is nowhere near the level that the OJ thing caused this station,
which some people I had to explain.
And I'm sure some of my other co-workers also explained to the management here how
absolutely embarrassed we are to be associated with it because when you're dealing with
a public product like a radio station, everyone knows where you work, everyone knows you're
a part of that radio station.
When the radio station sponsors an event and OJ shows up, all of a sudden you're all involved.
I was getting it.
Were you getting it from acquaintances and friends and things like that?
What are you guys doing about promoting OJ?
Were you getting that?
Absolutely.
Yeah.
And it's very, even calls on the Motorsports show.
Right.
What the heck is going on?
Right.
Because people on the outside think that the whole station is party to this event of bringing
this hack and slash remurderer in amongst us.
When actually it was just a small group of people, plural, small group of people that were
involved with that whole thing.
That were accomplices at least done by not doing anything about it even though they knew
very well that he was going to be there.
If they didn't actually go and help him be there.
Like I said, like it says in that article, we're still sorting this mess out.
And I think that finally Greg realizes the hostility and the animosity that people feel towards
this man because a lot of people have been leaving hate voicemail and his voicemail and
everything like that.
Because he wouldn't believe anybody when we were telling him that sponsors were walking
off the golf course and clients of the country club of La Gomar were walking off and discussed.
That's just a couple of people playing it down.
Because some people think that the OJ thing is funny.
Some people think it's no big whoop.
The rest of us think that it was highly embarrassing and now it's not a time and I've got to go
for the break and I haven't even started on Los Van Vignettes.
Like I said, I'm going to be able to talk now where I'm not going to get the song by
Delirium and either.
Hey, I'd be Roy Sittin.
I'd be Roy Fokter in the leaving out sound this way because I have my nose inside OJ's
ass.
What you do to say?
What you do man?
I just took that microphone down a little bit lower than I should.
You got me.
OJ disease is a direct result of chronic gynecotic.
You see, it ain't so much you'd be better and do with this right people.
If it golfes and jobs, you see the folks like me, my life ain't a girlfriend, have an
indirable fetish worth two of the damn indebted things with spones, jobs.
That by close and person of a friend, OJ.
Like close, look at that.
I'm fine now.
I'm fine now.
OJ disease is employed at FB Station.
No kidding.
103, 560.
Whoa, this overhead just goes up and down and back and forth.
560, 560, 560.
And on the 18t wireless lines, last time we checked the only way that you can make a free call.
And you can get 18t wireless through mobile one.
That's what I did when Bell South pulled the plug on them.
I just had to switch right over.
I can call the station for free, not that I would ever want to.
But nevertheless, that's the only way that you can make a free call.
And once again, mobile that are paying for it, don't get on any faster than anybody else.
That's not the criteria.
The criteria is have something to say.
But anyway, this OJ thing.
And you're going to give me a look.
But here's what I think needs to happen with this whole OJ thing to bury the hatchet.
So to speak, that's just a figure of speech.
We'd like to hear from some people here at 560, 560, 560.
That wouldn't mind having OJ move in right next door to them.
And I'll be the first.
I'll step right up and say, me.
I'll be one.
That house right next door is for sale.
OJ can move right in.
I'll bring in some tuna noodle casserole as a housewarming present.
I think all the neighborhoods, obviously he won't move into my neighborhood because he's got way more money than I do, even though he owes some people some money.
But I'm not going to talk about that.
That's just, you know, forget about that.
I don't hear you.
Let's not talk about that right now about the money that he owes people because he was sound responsible in the civil trial.
I'm not talking about whether he did anything or not.
The house for sale.
The house next door is for sale.
He can move right in.
I'll bring in a casserole, a pie.
Something for a housewarming present.
Make him feel real.
I'd like to hear from some people in some of the nicer neighborhoods that OJ is looking at houses in to call up and say, yeah, OJ can move in next door.
We'll make him feel very welcome.
OJ needs to move into South Florida.
He needs to move to South Florida.
We need to all get together and they can feel really, really welcome.
And the media can go and film him moving into his house when the moving truck shows up and everything.
The media should all go there and we should all drive there and see OJ's house and see where he lives.
And they can feel really, really welcome.
See what kind of car he's driving?
Maybe write a tag down.
If you're still inclined, maybe see if he'll give you a tour of the house.
Maybe you could walk around the house, see what kind of property he's got surrounding his house.
Maybe he's got some beachfront.
Maybe he's got an alleyway behind his house.
And we should all get really cozy and chummy with OJ.
And we should invite him places to dinner.
And the golf courses in the area should send him invitations to join.
And maybe after a while, OJ will be able to feel at ease.
Which he deserves to be relaxed and to be, don't you think Joe Castello?
Don't you think OJ deserves to be, you know, to be less alone and be relaxed.
And I think that we should open our arms and embrace him and make him feel warm and welcome and a part of the neighborhood.
Whichever neighborhood he chooses to live in, hug the juice day, hug the juice.
And eventually, if all of the neighbors do their jobs right and make OJ feel very warm and welcome,
OJ will be able to, as he deserves to do, as an acquitted man.
OJ will slip into a nice regular routine.
As we all do, he'll be going to the restaurants that he likes on a fairly regular basis.
He might slip into a nice little pattern, like maybe, you know, macaroni, giraul on Thursdays.
You know what I'm saying?
Routes, Chris on Fridays.
You know, the golf course that he likes, I'm sure he'll slip into a nice pattern.
He'll be showing up at the same time every day.
And because we get to know OJ so well, because we're all going to go out of our way to be friendly with OJ and show me up to him and get to know him.
So well, we'll know which car is his.
We wrote his tag down.
We'll know exactly what kind of a car he drives, even if he doesn't have tinted windows.
We'll know what time he leaves home in the morning.
We'll know what time he gets back home in the morning.
What do you think?
And let him slip into a nice regular pattern, a nice, predictable routine.
We want OJ to relax.
We don't want him looking over his shoulder.
We don't want him checking under his car.
We want him to relax.
We don't want him to lock his gate.
We want him to relax because we're making him feel so warm and friendly and cozy and comfortable.
Watching the sopranos on tape like Marathon, one right after another, that occurred to me.
Because that's how they take care of business in the sopranos when they have to take care of some business.
You know what I'm saying?
Take out the trash.
How do they do it?
They put the people at ease.
They invite them to a party.
They say, hey, we're going to go see some hookers, some Russian boo-boos.
You throw in some basic four-play, they'll detail your car, the Russian boo-boos.
So I'm not suggesting that anyone should do anything.
Other than, let's just open our arms and our hearts and make him feel safe and put him at ease and let him relax.
Let him relax.
I get so relaxed that he would not feel the need to lock his doors at all.
Lock his gate.
You don't need those guard dogs, OJ.
We're all your friends, we're all your neighbors.
We'll watch your house for you.
While you're gone.
We'll keep an eye on your car while you sleep.
What do you think?
I think that's a good idea.
Everybody's happy now.
The black people that think that OJ is one of them for some reason just because he happens to share their skin color.
They'll be happy because we're finally off of OJ's back.
I think that eventually with time when OJ relaxes appropriately, we'll just be rid of that problem one way or another.
You know what I'm saying?
Let's just cut the hostility already.
Let's have another golf tournament.
What do you think?
Invite him.
Bad idea?
You're scaring me.
560-560 in pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line.
It's 109 on the OJ show, 560 WQA.
Do you be tired of those annoying scenes on your driveway, black oil, rust, and even blood?
Pat, I'm old Jesus.
And all you got to do is give us a call here at the Water Nathis St. Rammel Buservis.
I'll have a just one call.
I'll send my personal friend the water nathis to your home to remove things from the flow of your driveway with a personal squat in this video.
And OJ's Water Nathis St. Rammel Buservis, no job is too small.
Lead kills for your business.
Not to mention I'm available for bond-lifts, business tournaments, and charity.
So anyway, yes, 1-145-60 WQA.
560-560 in pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line.
Tell me what you think about the welcoming OJ with warm, loving open arms to the neighborhood and doing everything in our power to get OJ feeling all good and fuzzy and relaxed.
Joe Castello is going to be doing the show tomorrow morning at 6am when nobody's awake, but nevertheless he will give it his best shot and he'll be talking about.
He's got some good stuff tomorrow. Normally I come on here and I lie and say we have good stuff.
But this is actually true. Tomorrow we have Gary Thomas, the author of an unauthorized biography of Jeff Gordon.
He hung out with Jeff for a while and I'm going to ask him all the questions.
People are too afraid to ask. Like, why are you hucking that god book? What's in it? What's that all about?
Maybe that? Okay. Maybe some sexuality questions. Whatever I feel.
Okay. He has a wife, you know.
And also the King Richard Petty, we're doing an interview tonight with Richard Petty, those racing people out there know who the king is.
He'll be on the show tomorrow. I'm on the motorsport Saturday at 6am. Just set your damn alarm. It's not that early.
The other wife, you know. Does Richard Petty have a wife? Of course. Of course. I had no idea.
116 on QAM. Here's Kendall. Hello. Hello Kendall.
Hey. What are you doing?
All right. Let me ask you what happens in your home instructions?
Do what? Your home inspection.
The roofer, well, we had a home inspector come by house master, by the way.
Yeah, they come by. And the guy came by. And what they do, and I don't know if you saw the news story that they had a while back about what the home inspectors do.
He did exactly what they said on the news story that they do. They write down like they have this little form that they fill out where they just check off boxes.
Right. Right. These really general vague abbreviated chicken scratches on their little form there.
But then while they're walking around with you inspecting your house, they tell you things like, you know, they give you details verbally.
Right. But they didn't write it down.
I told the guy told the wife was, oh, you've got three little leaks here. This is a great roof. No problem. Don't let anybody sell you a new roof. You got a great roof.
And you didn't write anything down.
And the roof was completely, completely rotted through. Every square inch of wood on that thing was rotted through.
And the thing about it is that the people that were selling the house, the owner had died and the family wanted to unload the house fast, which is why we got a good price on it.
And one of the deals that we hashed out with the people because they understood that it was an old house, they agreed to kick back from our down payment, whatever it cost to fix, whatever.
Right. You're not saying to bring it up to snuff.
The guy had been accurate about the report and said that it needs a new roof. The people would have said, okay, what a good car.
So the roof, you know, whatever you got, you could have a poor brand, but I got screwed. He wrote down something like 800 bucks or something to fix the roof.
So yeah, I had to eat that. They didn't accept responsibility. That's what pissed me off the most. If you make a mistake, people make mistakes.
Well, how fast are you? That's probably why.
They advertise on Jeopardy, but this guy, and I talked to Craig. I won't say your last name. He was so incredibly rude, an adversarial.
And when I told him what the guy was telling us when he walked through the house, his only response was, no one said that to you.
Right. No one said that to your wife. So basically, I'm a liar. The wife is a liar. You know, and you know, they got you by the short ones because I don't have it on tape.
You know what I'm saying? He's got the paperwork, all according to the paperwork. It says here. And you can interpret their chicken scratch as any, you know, fine way you want.
So anyway, that's what happened. But thank you, Wizard, roofing for coming to the rescue and working out.
Let me ask you a deal. I can stand. He just gave you the report right there. I did an extended view.
Do what? Did he just give you the report right there? Right. He gives you a report right there.
Well, I have an inspection company if you ever need me.
Oh, you know, too late now. Yeah. All right. All right. I can go. Okay. Go, OJ.
Nobody's welcoming OJ to the neighborhood besides me. Coral Springs. Hello. Bless you, Jeff. Coral Springs.
Yes, sir. Yes. Hey, George. How you doing?
What's up? I got a few things to say, L.O.J.
Robin Shapiro, Barry Shek.
I mean, who are these two guys that just skated out of the whole OJ thing?
You know, I'm lawyers. The lawyers. That doesn't give them any.
Yeah. The reason why OJ is walking around today. Of course, but that's our system, sir. That's the criminal justice system in this country.
We'd lax in the world.
No, but, but the whole thing is people, they don't realize they are blaming on OJ.
They should blame on Robert Shapiro, Barry Shek.
If you kill two people, you're going to hire the best people that you can to get you off the rap, right?
Exactly. Well, I mean, we can't.
What are you talking about whether OJ is guilty? You're going to let OJ move in next door and make them feel all comfortable?
No, no, no, no. Okay. Why not?
I think that's not the exact exact exact exact. I know he killed the two people.
Of course, I do too. Everyone else does. But Robert Shapiro.
Yeah. Robert Shapiro and Barry Shek. And so do they. They knew it too.
Yeah. Well, I'm talking about whether he's guilty. Don't you think that's a good idea that we should welcome him to a neighborhood
and make him feel all safe and secure and relaxed?
Yeah, but why do we? Why do people watch Johnny Cochran on TV and put him on a high pedestal?
I don't know why. And put Barry Shek at the best of his business. You know, Barry Shek, he said during the OJ trial that, you know,
this DNA is, you know, is handled misappropriated and this and that. But today, if you watch him on TV, he says, you know, this DNA, because he's a big DNA guy now.
He's Mr. DNA.
Yeah. Now he says it's like 100%.
Right.
No matter who collects it, it's your guilty. Your guilty.
Well, the other side was paying him to say that. And by the way, as far as Barry Shek goes, he's an asshole.
Exactly.
They're shifters. They're hired guns. It's like the Wild West. They don't have guilt. They don't have feelings.
They have feelings. All right. Greed. That's it. That's the beginning and the end of their feelings.
And the whole thing, you know, it comes down to judges and lawyers. What are judges? They're ex-loyers.
Right. And what are politicians, ex-loyers?
Exactly. I mean, we're in a no-win situation the way we are.
Revolution. Viva la reverosium.
All right. Thanks, everybody.
Which leads me into the Van Van thing, which I may or may not get to. There are Reuters. I got this self-lined, by the way.
And just there's just a little piece in here explaining the difference between the hard-line Cubans and the ones that aren't fanatical fascists.
And basically it cuts down racial lines. And that's exactly what I haven't been trying to tell you that.
That that's the system as it was in Cuba is that the white people owned everything and the black people cut the cane and things like that.
And in here they say, where is it? Where is it? The line about subtle, subtle segregation. I can't find. Oh, yeah. Oh, no. They got the right thing.
The people in exile that come lately, the rafters, the people that weren't part of the first waves were in all the white people left.
They're not so up on the philosophies of these right-wing hard-line fascists, the people that are causing the big stink about Los Van Van to happen to be black, by the way.
They don't agree with the politics as they had it in the island. That was part of the reason that there was a revolution in the to begin with is because people were being exploited and downtrod.
Not that I want to sound like a communist because by the way, if I had the ability, I would go kick whatever cane cutters are squatting on my property in Cuba right now.
I would do it today. I'd go down there with an ax handle, children, pregnant women, whoever squatting on my family land, you know, get off. Get off right now. I don't care what color you are. Get off.
So I don't want the, you know, my right-wing brothers out there to think that I'm going to comey on them all of a sudden.
But these other people, the younger Cubans and the people that are just getting off the rafts right now, they don't agree with these hard liners, the ones that are causing a big stink.
And it is a very racist thing. And I don't know how communist these Van Vans are just because they took their name from one of the Castro speeches.
But they're actually taking shock at the Castro government in some of their songs. And obviously, they can't be too overt because anybody who actually says anything critical in an overt fashion in Cuba of the government, they disappear.
That's how Castro keeps power. It by stopping the revolution before three people can even get together to talk about it. That's the secret of his success.
But they've got lines like La Bomba Soyul, I am the bomb. And they had lines that say, you have talked about many things, but my people have never gained.
And there's another song called El Cheque, which talks about the family waiting in line for a check and for food and everything like that. So they're taking shots.
These people are taking shots at the Cuban government, but the people, the right wing fascist, my brothers out there, who are going to raise a big stink.
And the people on the radio, Spanish language radio, who have a vested interest in stirring up as much controversy as possible because that only helps them in their ratings by creating a self-feeding controversy monster.
And they're not going to mention that. That Los Van Vens actually do take shots in their songs at the government.
And by the way, if you really want to do something about Los Van Vens, oh my brothers and sisters out there, instead of holding up hate-filled signs, why don't you go get your digital cameras. I know you have them.
And go out in front of your house and take a picture of your house, take a picture of your cars, take a picture of the interiors. Maybe you have a nice master bedroom, maybe you have a nice view, maybe you have some beachfront.
Maybe your front yard looks really nice there in the gables or in Kendall. Take some nice pictures of your house and your cars. Go down to Kinkos, have them blown up and put on poster board, really big.
And then at the concert when the band is being led into the concert hall there, the Miami arena, hold up pictures of your house to rub it in their face if you really want to take a shot at them, to show them how well you're doing because you're over here now.
Instead of holding up hate-filled signs, why don't you try to get them to defect or something like that and add their voice to your cars, et cetera, and so on, instead of throwing Molotov cocktails and hate-filled words.
Please, I beg you, stop embarrassing me already. Fort Lauderdale, hello.
Hello.
Hello, Fort Lauderdale, please turn the radio off, sir.
Yes, I got it off.
Thank you. Yes, I hear you.
Okay, I work for a delivery company. Let's just say that it's United.
And, no matter if fact, I delivered to Logo Mar this morning.
Okay.
And I spoke to a couple of people there. I've been following, I've been listening to the station, all different shows and about the OJ thing.
And they were telling me how that day was totally unannounced.
Right. About it.
It was blindsided. We could read that letter again. I've got 10 copies.
Oh, correct. And the thing that bothers me, and I feel really bad for Logo Mar as far as, they're getting bombarded with calls from people who claim to be members, whether they are not saying, well, you know what?
I'm not going to renew my membership.
Right.
I'm not going to do this, but to the same Logo Mar they have to, let's say you are an idea.
Exactly. Let's say you are a member there.
Now, if I'm a member, I'm entitled to bring any guest that I want to bring there. I'm not defending it.
I know OJ killed those two people, and I'm not one of those people that say, oh, you know, this guy killed two people.
If I saw him, I'd be star struck because he's a celebrity. And they all can have your autograph.
I would spit on his feet, but I'm saying it's still really bad for the people at Logo Mar.
Sure.
For what happened to it?
Yeah, it's embarrassing that I belonged to a station that was a part of that.
And I also read in the Sun Temple yesterday, I looked at a lifestyle column that supposedly, I can't get the right numbers to this,
between $20,000, $25,000, it's supposed to get a center one, and only $25,000 was received, and they're saying that they spent some of the money to, uh, front OJ's expenses.
And that, that's it, disgusting.
That's, we really don't know how much of that is true. I don't know if that's a quote.
I know, it's just because it's in the paper, it's not true. I don't know if that's something that Greg pulls out of his ass or what.
Yeah, but we don't know. We know that somehow he was flowing over here, and he didn't have to pay for it.
We still don't know who paid for the limo.
Um, you know, we don't know who paid for the party favors, things like that.
I just feel bad for Lago Mar because there are top nuts, golf courses, bars, you know, when I've been dealing with them for probably six, seven years, and everybody's been nice there.
The members are great. They treat you good, and for them to be bombarded, or, so to hit with a bomb, you know, when not knowing what was going on in that, you know, now it's somewhat honest or names.
You know, the true people know what kind of golf course it is, but it's somewhat given a bad name, and that it was their fault.
They had nothing to do with it. There were reluctant hosts, as they said in that letter.
Right.
Okay. Thank you, sir.
How about you, Beth?
560-705-60, and pound 560 on the 18-2 wireless line.
But don't you think that Lago Mar should open up their warm and cozy and fuzzy arms, and make OJ feel like a member of the family, and give them a zone parking space with his name on it, so that everybody knows which parking space is OJs,
and that the car that's there is always OJs, and it's always going to be there, and exactly how long it's going to be there, and how long OJ takes at the golf course.
Look out, run away golf cart.
Huh?
Oh, no, just... I'm not saying that anything should happen other than we need to open up our warm and friendly arms and make the man feel at ease.
Yes, so...
Come on.
Yeah, hey, you got some guinies for sale?
Yes, I do.
I've been looking for a guinea.
I've got a bunch.
Can you tell me about them?
I've got a bunch of babies that I want to sell, most of them are purple or the off-buff.
Yeah.
They're about three months old, I'm one at least four piece for them.
Curly hair and dark skin.
No, this is BIRD.
Love to watch the Godfather.
Huh?
What do you feed him mostly? Just pasta, huh?
No, these are BIRD. These are chickens.
Huh?
Yeah.
I'm one to get a guinea.
You want a guinea pig, right?
Yeah, I've met a few guinea pigs.
These aren't guinea pigs. These are guinea's. They're a bird.
A bunch of pasta, slopper, sitting around watching Godfather, stealing and teabin.
No, these are a bird.
I want to get me my own guinea.
Yeah, I don't have those.
What they look like?
Dark skin, olive skin, kind of curly black hair, real bad dress or shirt's open,
lots of hair on the chest, cold chains, that kind of thing?
No.
Well, that's the kind of guinea I'm looking for.
Well, I ain't got those.
Yeah, well, you may wake up with a horse's head in your bed tonight.
27-25-60 WQM.
Maybe you'll book a Brian if he's listening.
We'll call you off the air and tell you when the new season starts for the sopranos.
So, sopranos, understand that I said, he made me the tape.
Did you see any of it yet?
Nothing.
I haven't seen anything.
You'll like it.
You're a man of guts, by the way.
That's what they would call you.
We already told you that.
You're technically Italian, but you basically abandoned the whole culture.
You're the kind of guy that eats his Sunday gravy out of a jet.
That's you.
I don't appreciate the anti-Italian stereotypes that you are perpetuating on this show.
Yeah.
And that's about it.
Shut up, lot, boy.
5-6-705-60, pound 5-60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Tamarack, hello.
Hello, mobile.
Speak.
Yes, this is James from Tamarack on the mobile.
Please meet your James.
What can I do for you?
I was just calling for a couple things, one on that OJ thing.
I mean, really it's no big deal because he's so closely watched right now.
I don't think anybody is going to be able to get away with anything.
Right, but that's what I'm talking about.
No matter of him getting away with anything, it's a matter of, I think the man needs to relax.
I think he needs to stop looking over his shoulder.
I think that's a good idea.
And I think he's going to be the most well-behaved neighbor you could have out there.
Oh, sure.
No question.
You know, but also one other quick thing, you know, you were talking about those home inspections before.
Yeah.
You know, I too had the same problem where I got screwed over on that.
And really, I think the best way if somebody's going to purchase a house, including OJ,
is to actually call out a contractor for each specific thing.
Well, first of all, I'd never bought a house before, but can you imagine what kind of money that would run into?
Actually, most companies only charge about $45.
I can come out and give you a written estimate and some even give you a free of it.
The root for would only charge you $45.
The guy that inspects the sea wall would only charge you $55.
I had a free estimate on my roof.
After the home inspection guy told me, oh, there's no big deal.
There's a few leaks.
I don't know.
I wonder if it would wind up being less or the same than what we paid.
But these people, House Master, were the most expensive people that we found.
And we went with them because they had the best guarantee.
They had a really cool looking certificate.
And everything.
You know, most of those guys just go to a 24 hour class.
If you've got enough from that.
I was told this guy spent 20 years inspecting houses and he's certified by the FBFDA,
ElementOP, and he knows his stuff and blah, blah, blah.
Did he have a general contract as licensed?
I don't know.
No, none of them do.
There's a few people that do.
And those are probably the most qualified.
But again, after the first rain, after I moved into my house,
and I had five or six leaks coming down,
I called up a company that came out for free to give me an estimate.
Yeah, but don't you think that if you got a roofer out there that would give you
whatever information they felt would lead you to getting them to do some work for you.
They would be really optimistic.
And that's what I was worried about that because you know, from the top,
the roof looked pretty good.
It had that.
It was the tile with the plastic on it.
You know what I'm saying?
That's the same thing I had.
And they told me it was going to be great for five years.
Oh, this thing is a bath blah, blah, blah.
But everything underneath it was rotted away.
Exactly.
And you know, when it did leak, I call it the see.
The guy says I had it waterproof with the plastic.
Right.
And it's guaranteed for five years.
Well, guess what happened when I called it out back?
He didn't answer his phone.
He didn't answer his phone.
He's gone.
Yeah.
And the people, and when I called the house,
they said some other roofer out there that said,
oh, we'll fix the three little leaks that the inspector said we're on there.
And I said, yeah, but the whole thing is rotted out.
You fix the three little leaks.
What's to stop it from?
Do you know what I'm saying?
It's like stopping the rain with your hand.
What's to stop it?
You just go over there and call it.
We're going to go over there and call it.
We're going to go, oh, well, we can't, you know, we can't guarantee that.
We'll guarantee that.
That it won't leak in the spots that we fix.
Right.
It's a bandage.
But it'll just, you know, it'll just pour over and leak through the other rotted part.
It's a bandage, is what it is.
It's found three favorite places to leak through.
The water is running through in three favorite places.
If you stop that, it's just going to go through somewhere else.
Right.
Oh, you know, I've had a couple of my friends that actually went with their far off
from the lady that was selling the house.
Well, of course you want to sell the house.
They're going to talk that to his minus stuff, Rob.
Anyway, we'll go very much over.
We're going to hell out of everybody.
I got to keep going.
23-215-60-QA.
And nobody's calling to welcome OJ into their neighborhood.
Miami, hello.
Hello, Miami.
Hello?
Yes.
Yeah, I'm not calling about OJ.
I'm calling about those dumb bugs.
Yes, be me.
I'm fed up with these anti-castro groups in Miami.
Yes.
I was a Cuban destiny myself.
And my family came from Cuba.
Yeah.
And I've even, I'm a anti-castro with anybody else.
But all these, all these antics make money on those events.
And this is what all they do.
Instead of just be realistic.
Take a lady a bar, though.
Okay?
And bomb that island.
Well, yeah.
And bomb that with hematine sandwiches.
Well, let's get this deal.
Well, don't feel food.
Well, people realize, hey, there's food.
There's Christmas.
Right.
That's what I was talking about.
Instead of holding up hate signs, they should hold up big pictures of their houses.
And maybe most van vans will jump the boat.
Well, in any way, these people are just musicians.
Right. Exactly.
They're not here in a part of the world.
They're making a big thing about musicians.
They made a big thing about the baseball players.
But when the Pope was down there, sucking Castro's s**t.
Nobody said anything.
And everybody flopped down there.
Right.
Oh, let's go see the Pope.
Yeah.
So how was it?
Castro, he's been there for 40 years, are our families less the island.
Yeah.
Abandoned it.
We did.
We came here.
I'm not.
Okay.
They have a Cuban family.
I saw some great birds.
Oh, well, we came here to think it was only going to be about a year.
That's it.
That's the same.
You don't have to guess it.
They found it.
They're going to be temporary.
Okay.
You left it.
Now be with it.
Okay.
Now I understand you have hate.
You understand you have power.
I have hate.
But I don't believe in doing what these people are doing about it.
No, but they're only making money.
It's ridiculous the things they do.
I mean, they packed up a bowl.
They're very self-service.
It's all about how they make their money.
Let's face it.
These are the Castro groups.
Lift, off of.
Pop again.
They hate.
Pop again up so that we contribute to them.
They should be.
They should be.
They should be.
They should be.
They should be.
They should be.
They don't have to.
It's their capitalistic society.
And I say I say.
itic, to block them the Muslims in the Africa.
I'm going to start a conversation with my queen flag on my back.
I will say yay.
Listen to these people say Boris, Stefan Cuban.
Yeah, but she's not from, you know, what I'm saying.
She was born in Cuba.
I know.
So is I.
All right.
Thank you very much, sir.
And by the way, it's something that my Cuban brothers, you know, that are all hysterical,
don't understand, is the best and most effective way to make something go away,
especially if it's entertainment oriented, is to ignore it, to turn your back on it.
What they're doing is fueling controversy, creating more attention for them.
They're probably going to increase the attendance by the controversy.
The promoters probably, you know, ecstatic, assuming that they don't get bombed or shot or something like that,
controversy is a positive, except where OJ is concerned, by the way.
Although once again, welcome to the neighborhood, OJ.
You can move in right next door to me, the houses for sale.
They have a pool, waterfront, ocean access, 20-2 on 560 WQAM.
Oh, man, the Cuban of the crime of murder, murder, murder.
The state of California is charged on 27-18-194.
I am guilty.
Don't believe I am innocent.
I'm murdered.
Excuse me.
Excuse me. Let me through, please.
I would do okay.
I would do okay, okay?
Yes.
Soon you know both days, sure you.
Everybody's got the cancel.
Don't believe I am innocent.
Excuse me.
I am guilty.
It'll be okay.
I'm murdered.
You're guilty.
You're guilty.
The murder hurts.
It's not hurting.
What is $80?
No way.
I'm on the guest list.
Excuse me.
I'm a guilty.
No, I'm a fake so baby.
I'm the best.
You're not getting here.
I'm scared I am guilty.
Hey, stupid steroid, babe.
I'm not going to take your dumb little cover chart.
I'm a guilty.
I am guilty.
I am guilty.
I'm a guilty.
I'm a guilty.
I'm a guilty.
I'm a guilty.
I'm a guilty.
Don't bond over.
I'm a guilty girl.
15-256-WQA.
I don't care if it has a name on it.
I open it all.
It looks like it's something good.
Especially if it's from prison union.
I know it's going to be a CD and it is...
...and reek A.
Okay.
Whatever.
Well, it's no delirium.
So this is a delirium that never hurt.
You can get the...
I suggest that you buy the broke down palace soundtracks.
This song is on there.
The lyrics are written by Sarah McCawtwood and she sings it.
But all the music on this list is written by these two other guys.
So I guess can compose the group.
Or what are their names here?
They'll leave and risk fuller.
What is best?
And you can hear it sounds like a big minute 7th drum machine.
Which I hate.
I hate drum machines.
Why do they have to do that?
Never the last.
It's still good.
But everyone recognizes Sarah McCawtwood.
This is not the best song on this list.
Although it is one of the better songs on the broke down palace soundtracks.
I didn't go see the movie because it's only rated PG for a King with me.
But I'm not going to be able to see any.
So what's the point?
Never the last music from the movie was great.
And the sound track is great.
I look at the skirt like cover to cover.
P.J. Harvey's on it.
All kinds of people around it that you know.
And I hope to people that you don't know that I wish I knew more of.
Like Meli Furtado.
Does anybody ever heard of Meli Furtado?
That's a piece of something I've had playing for you.
I played this for you all.
This is the one that's very much like that.
I just want to sample it.
I mean, it's 6.5 in the clock and I think it's the most freaking thing when you get caught.
But I wanted to get this, at least a little bit on.
Good stuff.
Nice talk of it.
Not that normally you just try to find it.
It's not a music thing.
I do think she's a cute thing.
I'm not a fan of Meli Furtado.
I'm not a fan of Meli Furtado.
I'm not a fan of Meli Furtado.
I'm not a fan of Meli Furtado.
I'm not a fan of Meli Furtado.
I'm not a fan of Meli Furtado.
I'm not a fan of Meli Furtado.
I'm not a fan of Meli Furtado.
I'm not a fan of Meli Furtado.
I'm not a fan of Meli Furtado.
I'm not a fan of Meli Furtado.
I'm not a fan of Meli Furtado.
I'm not a fan of Meli Furtado.
I'm not a fan of Meli Furtado.
I'm not a fan of Meli Furtado.
I'm not a fan of Meli Furtado.
I'm not a fan of Meli Furtado.
I'm not a fan of Meli Furtado.
I'm not a fan of Meli Furtado.
I'm not a fan of Meli Furtado.
I'm not a fan of Meli Furtado.
I'm not a fan of Meli Furtado.
I'm not a fan of Meli Furtado.
I'm not a fan of Meli Furtado.
I'm not a fan of Meli Furtado.
I'm not a fan of Meli Furtado.
I'm not a fan of Meli Furtado.
I'm not a fan of Meli Furtado.
I'm not a fan of Meli Furtado.
I'm not a fan of Meli Furtado.
I'm not a fan of Meli Furtado.
I'm not a fan of Meli Furtado.
I'm not a fan of Meli Furtado.
I'm not a fan of Meli Furtado.
I'm not a fan of Meli Furtado.
I'm not a fan of Meli Furtado.
I don't know when I think it's going.
I just wanted to get to the chorus at least one time,
because anyway, in which it's something.
Sarah Brightman is also on the  a broke-down
polyphonic track which  the best Sarah Brighton song
that I've ever heard by the way, which is called what? It's on her second fist and I can't
even remember what it is right now. Deliver me. That's what it is. I'm going to be going to see her
in concert by the way thanks to Barba D. M.I. Oh this is so instrumental I can talk over it.
Do you even know who that is? You don't even care to be a Sarah Brighton. Opera chick.
She came more than that. Then just opera and stuff. She did the Phantom of the Opera.
She's vocal's on that thing. I don't know. I'm only recently skilled reason that I know of her
because she did that duet with which McCollard Andrea Bachelet. Time to say goodbye.
You might have seen that. She's all over PBS. She's got these really cool major production shows.
I can't wait to go see her live. Supposedly I'm getting some good seats. What's PBS?
Oh I don't know. It's some free TV. Not free for you. Cooper City. Hello.
Good morning. Yes. How are you doing, George? You always do a real good show. I want to compliment you on that.
I've seen a number of times. Are you aware that most golf courses have little graphing
knolls on them? Oh that's right. Kind of like what happened to Kennedy sort of thing.
Right. Not that we're suggesting anything, mine. Absolutely not my observation.
And I do realize they have a lot of rough they have trees. That's right.
They push you trees. And I do realize they're for a living. So I'd gladly like to position
I'm sorry help. You appreciate the idea. You understand the angle that I'm taking care.
I actually I believe in triangulation when you use three people to
Why are you target? That's that right. Oh, you say target. I met the juice container.
